'I saw the same things you did, Cap. If you want me to work that out, I'll need to run some tests.'
'I hate to tell you this, Clementine, but they're talking already.' Tony shrugged. 'But with any luck I have a solution for that- oh, here we go.'
'Yes, your honour.' He managed to get out.
He'd got the usual round of big, excessive gifts ready to go of course, but they were really just to annoy Steve and would undoubtedly go the same way as last year's helicopter – sold off once the festive period was over and the money given to charity. This year it was a mansion, and Tony already had contractors lined up to convert it into flats to be given to the homeless. He'd force Steve to spend a few hours there, make out like he meant the gift, and then put him out of his misery.
'Oh. Well, great. We can do that. I find alcohol helps, we can-'
'The one that goes DA-DA-DEE-DA-DA-DA,' Peter said, singing in his most high pitched voice, trying to imitate the song he wanted. If anything on the playlist would hurt a monster, it would be that one. Unfortunately he had never really been able to hear what the words were.
They called it the empty cupboard because it was too small and peculiarly-shaped to be actually used for anything. Tony had liked it in spite of, or perhaps because of, its impracticality and so it had stood in the corner of the spare room and sometimes Tony rested a coffee cup on the top of it just to justify its being there. It was about waist high, and at the top and bottom about the width of a drinks coaster. It bulged slightly in the middle, and at its widest point you could have just about wedged a CD case in there, but with no shelf or grooves to hold onto it would have clattered down before long. The whole thing was made of a dark wood, polished and varnished until it looked almost like marble, but most of it was covered by fake leather panels held in by gold plated studs. Steve called it ugly, couldn't understand why Tony kept it, and generally stayed well away from it. Which was another reason it was the perfect hiding place for this particular present.
‘Just go away and leave me alone!’ Peter said. He could breathe well enough, so Steve did.
They muddled along okay, him and Peter. True, there was a day when his jumper was on back to front but honestly, how was anyone supposed to get a baby dressed on their own when the baby wasn't interested? Peter didn't seem bothered and Tony wasn't going to go through it all again just for the aesthetic. He'd fought easier battles against Doctor Doom.
Tony remained silent. When he'd played this out in his mind, he'd assumed being caught would lead to a beating. This was worse. It couldn't be true, it couldn't be, but the proof was there in the safe. He'd held it in his hands just a moment before.
There was nothing else to say. Tony turned and left, leaving his heart in pieces behind him.
Someone had kidnapped him from the hospital, someone who was interested in his new powers. Peter hadn't really got a good look at him before he passed out from the gas, he'd just seen some weird face like a Halloween mask. It probably was a mask, to hide his attacker's identity.
'I didn't write it,' Steve said. 'And I didn't want to perform the stupid thing, but it wasn't like anyone actually asked me. In the end I thought we might be able to raise some money, but don't think for one second I enjoyed a single moment of rehearsing or performing that stupid song! What I want to know is
'Yep, and that's the beer fridge, aka, the best fridge.' Stark made a show of looking at his watch. 'Well, we're about done here. Just one more thing...' he threw himself back on the bed next to Peter again, holding the phone at a high angle. 'Say cheese, Peter.'
Tony shook his head, feeling sick, but even as he did so vague, confused memories were coming back to him. Steve trying to explain where he was and what was happening. Tony demanding to have Venom back, screaming and crying, and behaving like a child having a tantrum. He closed his eyes. 'Shit,' he said.
'James,' Barnaby said, the syllables slurring together. 'I'm sad-drunk.'
But Tony had called him – him! – beautiful. It was just a turn of phrase, Steve knew, a flippant moment, but still. Still.
It was too late anyway. Tony had seen him.
He was, sitting on a couch in the lounge waiting for her.
Peter pouted, but politely said he didn't mind at all. Steve followed Stark out into the corridor.
'...is the kid okay?'
,' Tony said, gleefully, holding it up to show her.
'I'm standing in front of you, they won't see you,' Steve replied, lining himself up a little more neatly. 'Finish that drink. And mine.' He passed over his half-finished bubble tea, strawberry and peach, the same as Tony's.
It lasted less than a minute. He'd used too much power shooting his way out into the open. The suit burnt out, and he was falling, and the last thing his swirling vision made out clearly was the entrance to the cave; he'd only climbed, he'd barely moved thirty feet. But there was nothing he could do about it, and, utterly powerless, he ploughed into the ground. Everything went black.
'Yeah, and the carpet was all sticky and stank when it was dry, so we had to get a new one,' he finished. 'It wasn't my best idea.'
. Why hasn't anyone fixed this?'
Tony wasn't sure what else he could say. It wasn't that he wanted to go to jail. Actually, he felt quite sick at the prospect. What was he going to do with himself? He couldn't fight, defend himself, without Venom or the armour. He was pretty sure there were no labs in jail. And how long would he be there? Ten, twenty years? Peter would be an adult when he got out. If he got out. They could give him life. It would only be fair, the amount of lives he had taken.
'How did this even happen?' Steve demanded. 'What sort of side effect makes you stick to walls?'
‘No,’ Peter said proudly. ‘It’s one-thousand and twenty-three.’
Tony couldn't answer that. 'And Peter's okay?' If Peter was hurt, he didn't know what he was going to do.
seeing him. And as he looked over at them in confusion, Tony caught sight of himself in the mirror behind the counter and suddenly understood why.
There was a long silence. Steve only remembered some of the pain he had experienced that day, pain so bad he had blocked most it out. He had thought he was going to die. He had only held on because, well, the chance – however slim – of something better had been preferable to going back, even as his body had changed and grown into something he didn't recognise. The doctor was right; Peter would never survive it, and Steve couldn't put him through it.
Natasha nodded. 'I was thinking of coming off the pill. So we can try for a baby.'
'It's fine, Sheriff. Better than a night in the cells.' Stark winked at him. 'Same time tomorrow?'
Talk about incognito – he was basically unrecognisable. He had several day's worth of ungroomed, untamed beard growth sticking almost straight out of his chin. His face, what you could see of it, was greasy and pale, and his sweat pants were stained with coffee and oil. His hands were almost black. Coupled with the g;asses and the hoodie, which it was far, far too hot for anyone to reasonably be wearing, it was no wonder no-one had realised Tony Stark had just entered the store. If anything, it was amazing they hadn't seen him out. If Tony had seen himself walk in just then, he would have assumed he was here to rob the place.
Thor thought this was a rather pretty blessing, one he had written a few years ago in the index at the back of the ledger and had been saving for a special occasion, but it might have been a little bit too effective; the happy couple just looked at him and each other with something like confusion.
. It was silly, but Steve hadn't been able to stand the thought of someone else having that kind of claim on Tony, to be known in public as his. Besides, they couldn't haven taken proper care of a wife in such circumstances, couldn't have made vows to her before God and then not kept them, however willing she had been to take part in the scheme. It wouldn't have been fair. It wouldn't have been right. So once Steve had retired, and Thor had taken on the Sheriff's duties and salary, he had quietly moved them in with him, and no-one thought anything of Angela taking her 'cousin's' arm as they walked down the street.
But Tony was strong enough. He was smart, and had lived even though his little human heart was damaged, and he was full of rage and terror and all the things that Venom liked. He could be a worthy host.
As it turned out, no, they mustn't. Because it wasn't actually a world-ending scenario Rhodes had called him to, it was a wedding.
'Move,' Steve said, and what little of his face could be seen was white. 'Get us there. Now.'
With that, he left. Steve followed. It wasn't what he wanted, but he wasn't going to lose sleep over anyone who got between him and his little boy. And when he found Osborn, well, he might just finish him himself.
She left, finally, with a new prescription for the pill, and an appointment for counselling.
'You're just a gold digger.'
'Huh?' Clint blinked.
It was one of the many pet names Tony liked to use for him, and secretly one of Steve's favourites. It was the one Tony used in public, the one he said was because Steve liked the fruit, so hard to get all the way out here in Timely. The truth of it, though, was that it was in reference to
'Good morning, Sheriff,' he said, nervously.
'Sure,' Tony said, glancing at the screen he had pulled up before flopping down on the couch to listen. Behind him, a small blinking dot flashed over the hospital on the on-screen map, telling Tony exactly where he could find Peter's new phone.
, not completely sober. He remembered hoping Tony hadn't been drunk when he'd done the work. He remembered thinking the song was beautiful, and sad, before he'd fallen into the dark heat of unconsciousness.
One of the cars that the monster had thrown had slid on its side right up against the front step and Peter scuttled behind it, peering round the edge to see if anyone had noticed. They hadn't. So far so good. But now came the tricky part, because the driveway was really long and there wasn't much to hide behind. He was just thinking that he would have to make a straight run for it after all when he realised that the fence came pretty close to the house, maybe like 10 feet. If he used his powers, climbed up on top of the car and along it, he could probably jump onto the top of the fence and climb over it before anyone noticed. He had powers now. He knew he could make it.
'Are you sure?' Sarah asked.
'Oh, he's reached the basic decency bar, then,' Bucky said.
, the other part of him agreed.
'Yeah, well, you try running scans on materials made from a compound of previously undiscovered elements. I had to invent whole new pieces of equipment just to get a proper look at the damn thing. I filed like 50 new patents.'
'I'm fine,' Steve shrugged. 'I've been awake a while already.'
Laughing weakly into her cushion, Natasha decided she had never been more humiliated in her life. Before Afghanistan, she would have said that men ought to educate themselves, that women had no reason to be embarrassed about a normal bodily function, but now,
'Wife sent you out, has she?' A wonderfully male voice asked. 'Mine usually gives me the box of the last lot she had, tells me to match them up.'
Tony had said, and Steve had given him a hard look. They knew from experience that their definitions of 'little' were quite different, but Tony had promised to keep it casual and in the end Steve had acquiesced. He wanted to celebrate, too.
Stark moved closer, brushing the very tips of his fingers along Steve's bare arm before closing his hand around his elbow.
But then there were hands on his shoulders pulling him away, and when that didn't work arms around his torso dragging him off, and Tony knew those surprisingly-strong arms, and knew Jarvis was here already, that it was over.
Steve rolled his eyes, but walked round the car, climbing into the passenger seat. He closed the door with a slam behind him. Clearly whatever breakthrough they'd had the day before was over now, because the Captain was showing no signs of gratitude and every sign of outright hostility. Time was, when Tony had still had chauffeurs, that he would have pulled him into the back seat and kissed and cuddled and applied alcohol so that by the time they reached the restaurant they would be best friends. But he didn't let anyone else drive for him anymore, so that would have to wait.
‘Alright,’ she said, heading back to the door. ‘Just stay away from Stark, Steve. You’ll wind up getting hurt. If he makes contact again, we want to know about it.’
Stark came and sat on the bed, still on the full armour. Peter's eyes goggled at it in amazement, taking it all in.
'Wait, where are you?' Tony demanded. 'Are you swinging? Kid, how many times, land before you call, if you get distracted -'
Well, not him, not any more, never again. Tony glanced around the place just to double check. The only movement was one of his robots, precisely programmed for only the tasks he wanted it to do, quietly collecting his discarded clothes. Good. It was as it should be. Ever since Tony had escaped, he had cultivated a life where he was completely in control of every aspect. That had been part of the reason the company had had to go. There had been too many people, too many variables, too many strings to keep hold of even for him. It wasn't like he had needed the money anyway. Now his brain, his inventions, were only for him. When he wanted something, he got it. When he didn't like something, he got rid of it. He had simplified his life, stripped it to the bare elements, made it streamlined and efficient, and nothing happened to
Eventually, when he could see the horses had had enough of a fuss and were ready to move, Steve took his indicated seat up next to the driver, who started talking him the ropes; how driving a pair of horses was different to normal riding, how to direct the horses and keep them on a steady course, how to spur them on, slow them down, get them to stop. Soon after they were away, making their way at a measured pace around the park. For a while it absorbed all Steve's attention, but soon he became aware of the tap-tapping sound again, and he turned around to grin at Tony.
- I'm really sorry. Your nose isn't broken, is it? Crap, we need ice. We need ice over here!'
'Put the notes down, Osborn. It's not as if you could understand them.'
'Are you okay?'
'I want to,' Steve said, huskily, sounding somewhat disappointed. He went to move away. Tony held him tighter.
‘Why, because you haven’t put on the suit for a while? Come on, that doesn’t mean anything. Anyway, I think you should get it back out. I’ve seen the pictures, your ass looks great in it.’
'Yeah, and we had dinner. Just drop it, Stark.'
'Only Mr Stark is authorised to operate the sound system.'
'You're the best, you're the best, you're the best!' Peter practically leapt back into his arms, headbutting him affectionately in what seemed to be an attempt to hug as much of Steve as he could in the shortest possible time. Steve held him close. It was worth it. Whatever happened on this dinner, however nuts or bad Stark was, it was worth it for this.
Steve had been there for every one of Peter's birthdays, including the first actual-birth day. He had been in Peter's life from the very start, and it had begun with the kindness of Peter's parents.
Howard glared at him coldly. 'I guess the answer to that is up to you.'
Steve hesitated, then nodded, short and curt, a soldier accepting orders. 'I'll be here when you're done,' he said.
And somehow, fourteen weeks later, it had come to the point where Steve had been loitering in Tony's private suite in the tower, waiting to see him off to a gala for the Maria Stark Foundation, and apparently enjoying the sight of Tony in his best evening wear.
'Yes, yes, you're a scientific marvel. What about you, Stark?'
It was tempting. He licked his lips slightly, preparing to speak, then stopped.
The heat of his skin beneath Tony's hands the first time they'd kissed, breathless and desperate, on the side of the river. At the time it had felt like that was the only moment they were ever going to get. It turned out they weren't far wrong, even if, for a few short weeks, they had dared to think differently.
'I love what you've done with the place,' Peter said, like they did on TV. Mr Osborn kicked him in the stomach and Peter fell down again.
Steve had suffered just about every disease going; had suffered pain so bad it had made him faint if he so much as twitched a finger, had stared death in the face so often that he and the grim reaper were essentially on first name terms by now, but he had never felt so uncomfortable in his life.
'What are you doing?' He yelled. 'We need to search, not just run blindly!'
beat him up, but he was acutely aware that they could, which was probably all Osborn wanted.
. Trust me. Well, maybe it doesn't tell you, because you know nothing about the 1980s - '
in the garden!'
'It's almost 2.30 in the afternoon,' Steve said, after consulting the clock.
‘Lilies are for
, something which she unfortunately cared deeply about, claiming she wouldn't go to school until they were fixed, and Edward and Enoch had just run back into the house for about the fourteenth time giggling wildly, and now the baby was awake and starting to cry for his bottle from inside.
‘You must realise how it looks,’ Romanov said, examining one of Peter’s drawings taped to the fridge. Steve resisted the temptation to take it down, put it somewhere she couldn’t see it. ‘You have a cosy little romantic dinner with a known vigilante and mercenary, one of the best, one that we haven’t managed to stop, and the next day you tell us you’re not ‘available’ to work with us any more, stop taking our calls… Fury is worried, Captain.’
. Finding a pay phone in New York these days was nearly impossible, and he was pretty sure the Skrulls had taken his cash along with his cell. But he had to call the Avengers, get them out here to deal with the ship, to take him home. To let him see Tony.
Steve said nothing. He was blinking rapidly now, staring round at the room as if he had never seen it before. Not completely awake, then, whatever terrors had been tormenting him still clinging on. She could feel him starting to shake beneath her hands.
He got back to work.
and Mr Stark said he wasn't worried about it, but said he wasn't going to release the cure for other kids, which his dad said meant he must be worried a little. He couldn't remember any more, just little sentences that didn't make sense on their own.
'You aren't tired?'
'You're helping me!' Peter said. 'As much as you can while still doing what you're programmed to do, right?'
'Look, it's tea or, I don't know, yoghurt-y stuff with little chewy bits in, I don't know what they're made of, but they're good and I'd like strawberry with peach chewy things. Please.'
'Natasha?' Steve said. 'I got them. I'm sorry I took so long, I didn't know which kind to get so I had to-'
'No-one,' he said, but his voice sounded strained. 'You don't... you don't know him.'
The first date had been more or less out of pity. Steve had just come out to the team as bi a few days before, and had said he had been bad enough at dating women, so would have no idea how to date men. Tony had told him that for a start off he needed to stop thinking of it as 'dating men' or 'dating women' and try treating them as individuals, and so Steve had asked if he would go to dinner with him and 'show him how it was done'. The smooth bastard.
Stark's smirk became even more pronounced. 'I love it when you get all
He felt the tiniest of nods through his shirt, but Tony made no move to go to the bedroom. Instead his breathing slowed and deepened, and eventually Steve realised he had fallen asleep, right there on the hall tiles. And on Steve. Who, unfortunately, turned out not to be anywhere near strong enough to get him off, let alone carry him to bed. So he pulled his phone out of his pocket and called Bucky, who arrived half an hour later to survey the scene.
'Cap, I know who this is, okay?' He hurried to catch up with Steve's purposeful march. 'We'll get him back, I swear.' They were out of the hospital now, striding across the car park. Steve nodded.
There it ended. Tony could just imagine Steve being shocked with himself for thinking about someone's ass, crumpling the paper up and throwing it away in shame and frustration. What he was having a harder time imagining, however, was
Steve groaned, burying his face in his hands. It wasn't too late to back out, of course. But if he did, what he was going to do about the medical bills? They'd have to declare bankruptcy.
'I lost a tooth,' Steve said, the nostalgia in his voice sounding almost wistful. 'It grew back when I had the serum.'
She looked, and to everyone's great horror, burst into tears.
‘Can, can I help you with something?’ He stammered out. Part of him hoped Tony would say no, that he had just come in to say hi, but no. He was here to buy flowers. Of course he was. Why else would anyone come into a florist? Today, he said, he was buying pre-emptively.
His teachers had explained to him that they would be looking for different things when they marked. His English teacher would be assessing it as a creative writing piece, looking at how inventive he could be, marking for grammar and quality. His History teacher would be looking for accuracy, detail and facts about the social and legal history of binding. Steve wished he could have just done that part as an essay. He was never any good at creative writing anyway, but now it would probably drag his history mark down too if he couldn't think of any memories heinous enough that someone would choose to voluntarily have them removed.
The flight suit felt somehow tighter tonight, as if something inside him was reluctant to go outside and face the light and the noise again, but Tony ignored the feeling. He stepped out of the car, briefcase in hand, and went on his way.
. Steve, let me tell you a little known fact about Tony Stark: He is bisexual. Well, really, I'd just say he isn't fussy, but for simplicity's sake, let's call him bisexual.'
But he had been different, last night. Steve had seen the occasional flicker of doubt or discomfort on Stark's face once or twice in the past, but he really had seemed almost distressed by Peter. Not that it was easy for anyone to see a child suffering, but it was a little unusual in a mercenary.
'Uh, no, she's overseas with Shield. I could maybe call her?'
'I will,' Steve lied. His therapist was dead. 'Thank you, Doctor.'
Tony would have to have been a lot drunker not to notice the tension that rippled between them and into Steve's body, the super soldier blinking hard and sitting up straighter.
'Hi, Cap,' Tony said, pressing the patch to his neck. It had enough sedative in it to knock out several elephants, which he hoped would be enough for one super soldier. Steve swayed, and Tony just about managed to steer him back into the chair before he had to support his weight entirely. It was a necessary precaution. Steve probably wouldn't like the idea of highly-experimental medicine being used on his kid, and Tony couldn't have him interfering, not now.
'Art,' Barnaby blurted suddenly. 'You like art. Does that include sculptures? Abstract ones?'
. He thought this was an exchange, his body for getting him out of trouble – he didn't realise, didn't know -
never used the bed.
'The whole thing came down, Steve! Like it was never there! It was a downright miracle you survived, and I didn't know you had! Not for
After that, as if getting used to the indignity of pissing into a bucket whilst Yinsen awkwardly averted his gaze wasn't enough, she had to try to deal with the horrors of bleeding freely without so much as a change of clothes available. Eventually she found some rags to stuff into her underwear, trying not to think about what was on them, trying to rinse them off at the end of the day with the smallest bit of their precious drinking water.
'Hey,' he said, trying to sound casual-yet-concerned, 'Everything okay?'
'How did you sleep?' Steve asked.
She remembered the bucket in the corner of the cell being kicked over, splashing onto her shoes. The room had stunk - even more than before - for days.
. He'd had too many years of dates pressing their fingers against it, finding the mark did not activate, then leaving disappointed; all the while assuring him that no,
‘Where did you learn that?’
Steve huffed. 'Fine, but only because you're buying, jerk.'
'I wouldn't want to damage your fine establishment by misrepresenting myself,' Bucky said, reaching for the band, but The Diva held it teasingly away.
'Come on birthday boy,' he said. 'I smell a hog roast.'
himself had loved before. Except whilst Steve saw his lovers as
'Steve!'
Tony snorted at that. 'I hope not. If we wait until you're too decrepit to move, there'd be no fun in having you in the house all day.'
Finished with the cuff links, Tony adjusted his bow tie and gave himself one last look over in the mirror. He looked pretty damn good, if he did say so himself, and he was even ready at the time Steve had told him to be, so extra brownie points for him. He left the bedroom, exiting directly into the lounge. He'd expected to find his boyfriend waiting, but there was no-one. The white couches were empty, and a quick glance towards the small open plan kitchen was enough to tell him Steve wasn't there either. Maybe the bathroom? But no, the French windows to the deck were open, the night air blowing a draught around his ankles. Tony followed it out.
‘Okay, so you didn’t tell the world. I guess maybe you didn’t want the publicity or something. But to not tell your own kid, that just seems dishonest. And I
,' Peter said, impatiently.
'Oh, I wouldn't want to take up your precious time, Steve. I know you need to throw out the trash.' Stark gestured at the scrunched up garbage in Steve's fist, then blinked rapidly. His expression changed to something Steve couldn't read as he darted forward, plucking the bit of ribbon out of the mess. 'You kept this?' He demanded. 'Steve... you kept it.'
'Having trouble?' Steve asked, and Tony immediately changed his mind. It wasn't even a smile, it was a smirk. 'I thought you were good at making things.'
'I'm not here to hurt anyone,' he said. 'I'm here to stop my mom from ending up homeless because of my medical debt.'
Steve had been ignoring any calls from Shield. His work for them was strictly only advisory, and only casual, to fit around Peter – and Steve had resolved not to lose a second with him. He had taken the first call, explained he was unavailable for the time being, and then had ignored every call since. They had called him everyday, at exactly 11 o’clock. He supposed this was their version of consideration, because it was the time at the hospital that the children were washed and bathed, and he wouldn’t be with Peter. Even so, he
'It doesn't sound like nothing,' Steve said. 'I, uh, I've been on google.'
The second Tony slammed into his house, he ripped his shirt and trousers back off, stripping down to the flight suit, waving his free hand to open a computer interface.
Steve looked down at the child in his arms and knew there was no point in lying. 'It's a monster. It came out of Mr Stark's flight suit.'
'But...'
. Like an animal, fighting desperately to cling to life purely on instinct, without really knowing why. Tony had been alarmed by the cornered look in his eyes, and somehow knew that if they didn't help Bucky would seek to end his own life as soon as he regained the cognitive functions to think of it. A few brain scans and psychiatric tests back at the lab had confirmed that they had done a real number on the poor man's brain, and even though he had shared a body with the Winter Soldier, it had been Hydra in the driving seat.
'Good morning, Mr Stark,' Mrs Palmer called from where she was sweeping the front step across the way. 'Oh, my mistake. Good morning, Sheriff.'
, and it might work this time, and he needed to try it
. It was an omen, it had to be. He hopped down off the railing, taking a step back.
Indulging the urge, Steve raised his arm to begin; but his hand was bad today, and the clawed shape of his damaged fingers made him flinch. Tony wouldn't want that anywhere near him.
'Good,' Clint said, patting Tony on the back and getting up to leave. 'And you need to call his social worker, because if you're not able to care for him then-'
'I understand it's an unusual request, but-'
Steve looked worried at that. 'Please tell me I'm not about to have to fight a dinosaur.'
They left the party early, slipping away to their room before the guests could notice. After all, their engagement had been interrupted; and they had plenty they still wanted to enjoy.
'What?' She screamed. She didn't mean to scream.
One night, finally, out of sheer exhaustion, he fell asleep. And he didn't believe in spirits, or ghosts, the afterlife, angels, or visions coming through dreams, but after a while he felt a gentle hand combing through his hair, the palm broad and rough, and knew it could only be Steve. He didn't dare open his eyes. He didn't want to lose this. He hardly dared breathe.
'Appletiser, excellent choice!'
Tony did so. 'Sweetheart,' he said, looking at Steve's hurt, angry expression. 'It's going to be okay. We'll find out how they got it and sue the pants off whoever gave it to them and in a couple of weeks everyone will have moved on to the next thing. Or I can just do something really big and stupid right now and take the spotlight off you. I always kind of wanted to try skiing down the Grand Canyon. I bet if I wore the armour-'
that Tony didn't know how he was supposed to stop his thoughts from straying. He struggled to get his mind back on the story he'd been telling.
. 'It's not even true.'
'This is Director Fury of Shield,' he said. 'We just want to talk. Come quietly and no-one needs to get hurt.'
'I left him there. I didn't know who he was and I just left him there! Of all the stupid - All my analysis, the material, it's all still out in the lab-!'
'Barnaby, I -'
'It's not fine,' Steve said. 'You haven't showered in six days, Tony. You stink. You can't brief us if everyone's fainting from the smell.'
'It would bring out your eyes.'
'Cap? Do we need to take a rain check on dinner?'
Tony snorted. As if that meant anything. But he didn't want to make Steve worry more, so instead he said 'As if they know what they're looking for. Look, just leave it to me, I'll work this out.'
It was only by the grace of God, really, that none of these things had happened before. Tony hadn't exactly been the best father. Peter was a result of a one night stand, and for the first four years of his life Tony had been content to take a back seat to the mom and step dad, sending money and gifts when he managed to remember Peter existed. His visits had been rare and brief. It was only after Mary and Richard had died so suddenly, and Peter had gone to live with his aunt and uncle, that he had started trying to be involved more regularly; but even then he could have done a hell of a lot more. Maybe if he had, Peter wouldn't have lost everything again when his aunt and uncle died when Peter was only eight. It was only then, when Peter finally came to live with him, that Tony had realised the little boy was the best thing that could ever happen to him. It just sucked that it had taken a tragedy to make him see it.
When the bell finally rang, Steve insisted his friends go ahead. He needed a minute to get his bearings again, to prepare himself. His first class was English, and he thought the teacher would understand if he was tardy just this once. As the halls emptied around him, he treated himself to a few deep breaths, trying to shake off the weird feeling. Then he straightened up, slammed his locker shut, and turned towards class, only to be stopped in his tracks by a voice saying, 'Steve?'
Steve didn't laugh. He never did, not about that. He just smiled encouragingly and squeezed her hand.
(Then again, whenever Bucky teased him about this moment, Tony would tense up, and his smile wouldn’t meet his eyes.)
It is understood that members of Stark Industries' board will mount a legal challenge concerning Mr Stark's mental competency, but as he has already been debriefed and cleared by representatives of the military, FBI and CIA this is unlikely to succeed. It seems that there will be a long and messy legal battle ahead and a further period of uncertainty for the employees and investors of Stark Industries.
Steve wished he could have married Tony properly. He wished he'd kissed him so much sooner. He wish he'd listened about Angela instead of storming off and getting himself hurt. He regretted his actions that had led Tony to break his ribbon, that had hurt him, scared him. But that was it. He supposed it wasn't a bad tally, in a life as long as his.
And then it hit Steve all over again. Peter would be discharged. He had a whole future in front of him. He would go to school, grow up, go to work, maybe get married, have his own kids, live a whole life.
'You're the one trying to marry a multi billionaire.'
Charity Marriage is a practice originating in the United States where a wealthy person marries someone living in poverty. It is a type of
'He is sixty two years old!'
It didn't matter.
He wondered if this was how Peter had felt every day.
'You called me Tony! You said only codenames in the field and you called me Tony! Everyone tell
'Did you see any guards here before?' Agent Meason said.
'Come on,' Stark urged, putting his hand on the small of his back and propelling him out. 'We're going. Now.'
Tony exhaled deeply, the last of his anger and fear vanishing from his face. He leant forward, resting his forehead against Steve's. He was smiling.
that they forced Steve to wear round his shoulders. He needed the lift in spirits after the morning he'd had. Missing six months of school in every subject at once was no joke.
'I don't know if I want to send my baby into such a cold house,' she'd said, pressing a hand to Steve's cheek. If she'd said it differently, Steve might have agreed, politely declined the offer from Stark and begun again. Except, if there was anything in this world that would make him dig his heels in, it was being patronised. He'd insisted they wouldn't get a better offer, that they had to press on.
'Fine, fine, a pre-Christmas present then,' Tony said, taking his hand and leading him over towards the door. 'Now wrap up warm, soldier, it's freezing out there.'
Tony had
Natasha sighed, loudly. She just needed him to
'Sorry, Dad, got to go, but just come check it out? Please? Okay thanks!'
. Guys with blemishes, with health conditions, guys in dime marriages, they didn't get normal.
'In your dreams, Stark,' Osborn snapped. It was a rubbish come back, but in his defence he just wasn't as smart as Tony. 'What are you working on, anyway?'
him, drag him to the teachers and
'Alright,' he said. 'Happy birthday, Peter.'
'Beer?'
'Well?'
Steve was looking at her with so much emotion it was hard to think, to work out what she was feeling herself. She hooked her arms around his back, standing up to hug him.
'So, Steve, is there anything particular you wanted to talk about today?'
Reaching the sleigh before him, Tony introduced them to the driver before climbing into the back and immediately burrowing into the blankets that had been left on the seat for passengers. Steve took his time, getting the owner's permission before saying hello to the horses, stroking their noses and flanks and getting nudged and nuzzled affectionately for his trouble.
‘Okay, okay,’ Steve could hear the barely concealed panic in Tony’s voice. ‘Steve, Steve? Can you lift your arms for me, beautiful?’
, the rate of Charity Marriages declined even further as even the wealth of the very rich was perceived as less certain.
'No,' Steve said. 'Just... thank you. Really, thank you.'
'And took me away from everyone I ever loved! Just because in the end it worked out okay-!'
'Hi.' She wanted to say
'Is it that loud?' He asked, and his voice was drowned out. Ah. That was probably why Jarvis had asked if the hearing aids were for him. 'Okay, take it down twenty percent.' The music dropped.
'No,' Tony said, 'You listen, Captain.'
. It was cheesy as hell, and Tony
off.'
'We're leaving,' Stark said, grabbing his elbow. 'Get up.'
'Thank goodness I'm not a homophobe, then,' he said, making Steve laugh this time. 'Stupid hipster glasses. Dark hair in a stupid hipster hair cut. Stupid hipster shirt and bow tie. World's smugest mouth.'
Tony bristled. Of course he didn't have his dad's notes, Howard never let him look at anything. And that was just for the Vita rays, Erskine's formula had been lost for decades. This was all his own work, and he was making real progress.
Warnings: NONE.
“I, uh... I do that a lot.”
“Too bad--”
“Tony?”
“Seconded,” Bruce says.
“It’s still dark out! Jesus Christ,” Tony mutters, nuzzling into a warm, deliciously firm shoulder a second later, and can’t hold back a happy sigh when Steve’s arms pull him closer. “Lemme sleep, you ass.”
“I missed you, Shellhead,” Steve whispers, and the room goes quiet.
“Aw fuck,” Bucky groans. “Why the hell’d he do that?”
“I know--”
“We thought it was you at first,” Coulson replies, “until Hill noticed some… discrepancies.”
“Steve–” Tony whispers, but Steve brings a finger to his lips, and keeps going.
Steve’s frown. “
BACK TO OUR REGULARLY SCHEDULED PROGRAMMING, Y'ALL! :D
“I not sleepy,” she says, even as Tony feels her yawn into his shirt. “Papa, wan’ pancakes.”
Tony’s grin is lecherous. “That’s what he said.”
“Holy shit,” he hears Buck say. “Hey, Cap, breath— Jesus!”
“You’re good with computers? Technology, and all that?”
think. Got it?”
” Sam shuffles the papers Peter’d left for them on the desk. “
“Do you love me?” Steve asks, and Tony can only nod. “Because I love you more than I’ve ever loved anything or anyone, and as long as I’m breathin’, that’s never going to change. I promise.”
“You’re not dreaming.”
“Don’t apologize. It’s your job. I get it.”
He looks around, but there’s so much chatter around him that he can’t locate it. He’s about to scream at the whole fucking shop to just
"You know, this is the
“Shoot.”
“You’re adorable.”
"Don' wanna."
“That’s my girl,” Tony sighs, and then smiles when Steve wraps an arm around his waist. “See? She’s okay, babe. And frankly, it was her idea to do this at ass o’clock in the morning so really, she
“‘kay.”
“Not now,” the man replies.
“You do, don’t you?” And oh, now there are tears in those eyes he loves so much. “You think– you really can’t imagine why I’d have a problem with someone saying all those horrible things about you?”
“She’s, uh... well, she’s-- she’s not here, sweetheart.” The name slips out before he realizes, but it doesn’t stop the pang in his heart when Steve looks up at him with tired, confused baby blues.
Tony feels his own lips quirk up into a soft smile, and the feeling of Steve’s hand when it comes to rest on his shoulder makes the tendril of warmth in his chest bloom a little more.
When Tony finally opens his eyes again, Steve is all he can see. “I don’t know... you might have to convince me.”
“See? Knew you were a smart guy.”
“Well, it’s too late to back out now,” Bucky mutters under his breath.
“I can’t sleep.”
“Well, he doesn’t know me that well... yet,” he leers, and Pepper rolls her eyes.
“Bruce and I lost track of time down in the lab, and then Reed popped in and started running his smug mouth, like he always does, and by the time we snapped out of it, it was over-- fuck, that bun is sounding better with every second.”
Bucky and Sam let out matching cackles, but Tony pays them no mind. “I bet you say that to all the doctors.”
Tony will notice Jarvis is gone, he'll look until he either hears him meow outside, or picks up strains of Steve's grandpa music. Then he'll go over, have one of ten variations of the same discussion, and take his cat back.
“Nah. I just wanted to get the chance to say ‘I told you so’.”
“What’s s a ‘an- aneur’sm?”
Steve’s chuckles are warm on his neck. “Wouldn’t dream of it.”
“He’s all better now, as you can see,” Steve smiles, ignoring the faint thread of disappointment he can feel in his chest at the thought of not seeing Tony again.
“Got some catchin’ up to do, then. This paint was a bitch to scrub off.”
“Wanna shut me up?”
“Rhodey–”
“Thank you for loving her so much,” Steve whispers. “You’re crazy sometimes, sure, but you’re a wonderful father. I always knew you would be.”
- - - - -
“Come on, sweet cheeks.”
Tony thinks. “I changed my mind,” he says instead, shrugging. “Any means necessary, Cappy bear, we need to take Schmidt down. And since we can’t sniper that bastard–”
“Do something,” Tony turns to Steve, eyebrow raised expectantly.
Civil Union Fest Prompt #19: “Kill me.”
“Did you–” Steve squares his shoulders and lifts his head determinedly, and just like that, Tony can see a soldier preparing for the fray. “Do you like it, then?”
“Right,” Tony groans as he moves tiny bodies over to get out of bed. “Let’s go, then.”
“Can you… bring me one back? Please?” Steve smiles.
“Thought what–
Tony’s cheeks flush yet again. “Slacking off on your duties, Rogers?”
“If you say so, dear.”
“Relax, Stevie, I won’t. I’m not an asshole.”
“Just a little bit more, ‘round this corner and… here.”
“Tony,” Steve mumbles, little fingers fiddling with the neck of Tony’s sweater. “Tony, I’m hungwy.”
“Out to the gardens.”
“Why did you start opening the window again?” He asks.
here, Steve. Every fucking day you were down. You can’t do that again, don’t do that–”
And he doesn’t lose.
“Like the luckiest sunnuva bitch in th’world,” the brunet purrs, and even with his head wrapped with a bandage, he still manages to look roguishly handsome as he smirks.
“Go easy on him.”
“We’re in the middle of a thunderstorm and you wanna stop and feel the rain?”
“You know I’d do a hell of a lot more for you.”
"Did you..." Steve breathes, and can't finish the rest when his eyes fill with tears.
“Why don’t you sleep, then?”
“Yes, you are,” Pepper informs him. “Principal Fury talked about it at the staff meeting like, two weeks ago—”
“I’d like to see you try, honey bunch. You’re stuck with me until we kick the bucket.”
Tony finally looks up at him at that, taking in Steve’s frown and the steely determination in his baby blues, as if he were already gearing up for a fight. “It’s not that I don’t--”
He hears Tony sigh from the other end, soft and almost lost in the faint bustle in the background, and then-- “
“I’ve got a feeling you can hold your own,” she says, and leaves the room with a final kiss to Tony’s bandaged temple.
“What if I don’t?”
He doesn’t look up at Pepper, doesn’t look away from the only thing that’s keeping him sane.
you.”
want to hear those words.
“What do I have to do to get it?”
“Please don’t do this.”
“And if you don’t know by now, that’d I’d take being with you—all of you, however and wherever—over any of the frills this century’s got to offer… then I haven’t been doin’ a good job of showin’ it.”
Tony would’ve been even more stunning if he didn’t wobble and lurch to the side when he tried to move back into the bathroom again, and Steve instinctively shot up to catch him. Tony tried to push him away, but Steve grabbed firm hold of him and held him close to his chest, not letting him escape to suffer alone again.
Now this sounded more like their Tony, Steve was glad to note, but Bucky was still engrossed in his phone. Tony frowned and one of the tentacles slowly raised and slapped the phone from Bucky’s hand. “Hey, look at that!” Tony looked too pleased with this accomplishment in tentacle manipulation for Steve to chide him.
“I think we should invest in tentacle dildos.”
“Okay, let’s get you back in the bathroom so it doesn’t matter where you let go,” Steve said and half carried Tony the few steps back. “Wanna sit on my lap?” Steve didn’t know if Tony could fit anymore, his lower half was large now, but he didn’t mind getting squashed or peed on if it made his lover feel better.
Tony didn’t mind, if the soft smile was anything to go by, and Steve waited patiently for him to put down his fork.
It stayed quiet in the bathroom. Every so often he heard another squeaking sound, and from below came the comforting noise of Bucky making a mess of the kitchen while making something delicious for them. It was almost peaceful, until Tony’s voice came from close by, probably leaning against the door as well.
“Hey, that’s not playing fair, see if I’ll make you pancakes,” Bucky replied grumpily as he picked up his phone. At Tony’s pout he relented and after an almost shy kiss on Tony’s cheek he went downstairs to get more coffee and bake more greasy food though.
“Have you tried your hectostylus yet?” Steve wondered if it had the same sensibility like a human dick. There must be something nice about it, otherwise why bother?
To make up for it, he cleared the table, washed up and finally changed out of the smelly overalls into sweats and a shirt. Shower would have to wait.
“Do squids even have dicks?” Bucky continued, going so far as to lift a tentacle to look under it.
“Tony, think you can pass me some aspirine? My head is killing me.” He made his voice sound a little more pained than he actually felt, but if it made Tony open the door he wasn’t above a little subterfuge.
He found his boyfriends deep in concentration on the living room floor, several books and the greek dictionary open on the ground around Tony, and Bucky sitting cross legged with his laptop next to him.
I hope you had a wonderful birthday, sweetie!!
, and suddenly there's a blindin’ blue light and the sound of waves, and when my eyesight comes back I see a bunch a
“Damn, doll,” Bucky whispered reverently, his breakfast forgotten.
“You’re such a caveman, why do we put up with you again?” Steve mock chided him, winking at the same time. “Tony, let me in before he ravages me!”
"Here?" Tony asked innocently as he traced the shape of one pec with the tip of a tentacle, "or here?" The tentacle moved to cover Steve's nipple, sucking itself firmly attached.
"There," Steve whimpered, "definitely there." It hurt in the best way possible;
“So that’s four hours to enact all of our favourite hentai?” Bucky grinned next to him, earning him a swat from one of the tentacles.
Steve sighed quietly, willing his racing heart to calm down a bit. Tony never ever admitted to being afraid, always taking on whatever scared him headfirst. It was one of the things Steve loved about him, his blatant refusal to be cowed. The man on the other side of the door didn't sound like his Tony at all, and it scared Steve more than he could let on, because his lovers were counting on him.
no, I err, I didn’t think you’d like an octopus dick as much as a regular tentacle,” Tony answered awkwardly, all his tentacles wiggling in self-consciousness.
Steve shuddered when Tony started with stroking their calves, the sensation so different from human hands, but also not, because Tony knew exactly where to tease them to make them shudder and the skin erupt in goosebumps.
'Our dads,' Tony said, softly, 'Won't be in charge forever.' A look of pure hatred passed over Osborn's face, an expression Tony knew was mirrored on his own. They understood each other perfectly. Osborn yanked the papers out of Tony's hands and was about to tear them apart when a fierce Irish voice interrupted them.
on his own, Venom had made his life ordered, controlled, without him it would all be chaos, he couldn't deal with that, he didn't know how to deal with that - But at the same time, the memories of the last few years were coming back. The paranoia, the hatred, the people he had killed, murdered on the slightest pretext. Pepper's face when he fired her. Jarvis' pleas, telling him the truth, telling him that he needed help, before Tony turned off everything that made him him. He'd used a dying child, used highly experimental, untested medicine on a child who was
Steve shook his head. 'His dad is obviously keen to keep him out of the public eye. There's a couple of references if you search online, but when you try to follow the link or find a picture the page has always been taken down. Makes you wonder what he's trying to hide.'
are they having him!'
'It's actually from the day he crashed the plane,' Peter said. 'It's him, well, it's him saying goodbye to Peggy. It's this super private conversation, but it's all over the internet, Twitter's blowing up with it, and I just – Steve is going to freak out, Dad, this is going to really upset him.'
'I'd prefer it if you didn't call me that,' Steve said, after a minute.
He was fastening his cufflinks with shaking hands, not sure whether Tony would want them all looking funeral pristine or he would find the whole thing too stuffy.
'Steve,' Tony said, swallowing hard. 'Do you... do you
'I'm sure you'd find plenty of girls to comfort you, Buck.'
Steve allowed his body to sink back into the exhausted sleep it so obviously needed. Maybe when he woke up, things would make more sense.
The charcoal snapped on the page. Steve looked at him in horror, and Tony looked back at him in delight, because there he was, immaculate in full black tie, clean and shaved and ready, and Steve was there in only his jeans and an old sweater, bare-footed and hands black with charcoal. He'd even managed to rumple some of the dust through his hair. All of this added up to mean that for the first time
'What's up, kid?'
'We're not putting that!' Steve protested.
And Steve opened his mouth to say that he didn’t know, he really did. He was going to say that he didn’t know the meanings of flowers, only how to put them together artistically. He was going to advise Tony to just get something beautiful, in the recipient’s favourite colours, and write an apology in the card. But instead he found himself saying, ‘Sure, we can do that.’
The sound was Peter moaning, groaning, and eventually screaming in pain, crying out for it to stop.
The next day, Tony still wasn’t there. Steve missed him.
It was just possible, some reasonable part of her brain pointed out, that she ought to have had trauma counselling after Afghanistan after all. That, whether she was Natasha Stark or not, the ordeal had effected her, and chose to manifest itself this way. She ought to get herself back on the pill, first, to stop any more surprise periods; and then get herself to therapy.
Right. The Captain was not Tony's usual variety of airhead; he wasn't just going to take whatever story Tony gave him. Tony shrugged. 'I don't compromise my identity for just anyone. I did a bit of digging.'
They had dinner. It was good. He and Richard played chess for all of five minutes before Mary asked if they could play something she could join in with. So they played Clue and Hungry Hungry Hippos. Steve won both games; and he didn't
But he hadn't been like that with Peter, not really. His visit had been brief, but had meant so much to Peter. Steve didn't think Stark was a risk to the child; and Richard and Mary were already dead. He supposed he could tell Stark a little.
'No promises.'
He landed perfectly, right on the narrow top of it, exactly on the point he was looking at.
? You two are getting
Steve was right. He wasn't. Tony sat up straighter.
'The meeting is scheduled to finish in ten minutes, sir. However, Captain Rogers has just asked whether they expect him to lie to the general public just to make Shield look good, so I suspect it could go on for some time yet.'
He stopped abruptly as Steve clamped a hand over his mouth. Oh. He was maybe actually pissed.
'Sweetheart?' His wife said, gently, leaving the light switched on and rushing to his side. 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry honey, I didn't mean to scare you.' He felt her wrap her arms around him, grounding him.
'Yes, but I didn't sleep for three days on that mission, that means I get to sleep for three days now.'
'Um, the way I remember it, you asked me,' Steve smirked, and Tony huffed. 'Well, we would have just spent a few more days in Italy whilst Sam and Rhodes cancelled all this and I would just have had to hope and pray that nobody would ever speak of it again.'
Tony waved his hand impatiently. 'Not the Winter Soldier.
'You can try,' Tony said, 'But I'm not moving for the foreseeable future, so...' Without any further prompting, Steve lifted his arm and wrapped it around Tony's shoulders, no doubt leaving smudges on Tony's jacket but Tony couldn't bring himself to care. So what if he was super clingy in a relationship? Just then he wanted to be close to Steve. The jacket could be cleaned. This moment, once it was gone, would be gone forever. The two of them sat quietly, looking out at the waters. A breeze was getting up and the surface of the lake was starting to move.
'No,' Peter shook his head, looking back towards the movie. 'But they put me in this room so I wouldn't die in front of the other kids.'
'Well, I hate to tell you this, but you've got the wrong Avenger. I'm the one with the big A on my head, you want the one with the nightlight in his chest.'
table in the next few minutes, if the Captain would just stop worrying about a few little changes in behaviour.
Peter nodded.
his blood was different now, Mr Stark had probably put a load of different drugs in it. Besides, his blood would have more oxygen in it now than it ever had before, that would make it look different from before, too. He couldn't blame his dad for not getting it – Steve was good at playing, hugging and sports, but not science – but the doctor should have understood.
Sometimes Tony had to go to the court, or to a tribunal, and answer question after question about what Venom was, what he had done while it was on him, why he had done it. Mostly, the legal system got on with it without him. His lawyer would bring him the newspapers so he could read the updates.
'Save it,' Tony cut him off. 'Really, don't worry. Good to be on the same page.' He suddenly let out a bitter laugh. 'You couldn't just lie for once, could you?'
put upon.
He couldn't have been misreading the signals. It might be teasing, but more than that it was flirting, and Steve wouldn't flirt without intent, not even to wind Tony up. At this point, Tony couldn't care less about his dignity or getting the upper hand, he just wanted Steve back where he could reach him, talking to him in that voice again. So he went, and hooked his hands around Steve's waist, and Steve didn't push him away, in fact Steve's hands were curling round his back-
The stare was turning into a glare. Steve could feel it burning into the back of his head, almost like his hair was starting to smoulder. What was Stark's problem? Had Steve been rude to him, not having a proper conversation yesterday? But according to his friends, none of them had been particularly close to Stark. Maybe something had happened before, before he went off sick, and now the shock of seeing him again had worn off, Stark was mad at him about it. Whatever his problem was, if he didn't pack it in soon, they were going to have a disagreement.
Peter swallowed and bit his lip, worried.
'No. No, I don't think so. You'll probably find he'll just have less and less energy, that his breathing will be more strained, until his heart and lungs give out and he... slips away. It shouldn't hurt him. If he complains of any pain, you would need to call for an ambulance right away.'
After that, the men had come and taken over the caves, with their electric lights almost as bad as the sun, and their radios and noise and their guns and weapons and Venom had been driven back, in here, to this little patch of dark and quiet. Sometimes they pushed people in here, men and women and children too, and they had all died. None of them were strong enough.
But it was for Peter. He would just have to tell Stark not to bring the girls with him if he agreed.
Steve shot him a look, finally leaning back in the chair. 'I'm his godfather, I make him say his prayers.'
'My name's Peter!' Peter yelled out, because a hero always tried their best to save everyone, even when they were scared. 'He gassed everyone and kidnapped me! It's dangerous so you have to run!' He didn't say anymore, because Mr Osborn had slammed a hand over his mouth and pushed him further through the door.
'Yeah, fine, I just...' Tony swallowed. 'I need to start making this right. Starting with Jarvis.'
‘Kitchen.’ He said, firmly. He didn’t want Shield anywhere near this part of his life. Romanov followed him through. ‘What’s happening?’he asked again.
But what was Tony meant to do? Steve was sitting there, and the room smelt of Christmas, they were drinking mulled wine and eating mince pies, and Steve was wearing a navy knit jumper and knitted woollen socks, and it was all so unbearably
'Call me Tony.'
'And I'm saying goodbye.'
So even though they didn't believe him, even though they said it was too soon, and that the pains were just the baby moving, Steve knew differently. He insisted Mary needed to get the midwife right away. Then he found out most women these days had to go to the midwife at the hospital, not the other way around – his mother would roll in her grave – and so Steve had physically picked her up, put her in the car, and told Richard in his best Captain America voice to drive them to the hospital, now. At first Mary thought it was funny, that he was making a fuss over nothing. Then it started to hurt, really hurt, and she began to be afraid. Even though Steve hadn't driven since 1941, he made Richard swap places with him. He drove them, fast as he could, to the hospital; and Richard climbed in the back, trying to keep Mary calm.
'I'm not.'
'Did you do this?' He asked, somewhat irrationally, but somehow this place summed up exactly how Barnaby, this beautiful stranger Steve had somehow known all his life, made him feel. Only Barnaby shook his head.
‘Okay!’ Peter nodded, and went back to his room. He obviously would have run if he could, but his breath was failing him. Steve looked after him, worried, but knew he had to speak to Stark. The moment Peter’s bedroom door shut he turned angrily to him.
'Tony? What's going on?'
'Steve? Steve, baby, can you look at me? It's okay, it's okay, you're safe, I'm here.'
‘Peter. I need to see what Mr Stark has been talking to you about. Please?’
'Please stop.'
The monster did turn round then, laughing. 'I don't want to talk, sweetheart.' It's large pink tongue lolled greedily out of its mouth.
'Certainly is,' Tony confirmed, gesturing at Steve. 'You're looking at the most patriotic man in the United States. His momma didn't even expect him until September, but Sheriff Rogers here was determined to celebrate this great nation's birthday. That's why his middle name is Jefferson.'
!’ and Tony would groan theatrically and hide his face too, and later the two of them would agree that they needed better friends, and neither of them would mean it in the slightest.)
'I can't sleep past five AM,' Steve admitted.
'Look, just calm down, deep breaths. Jarvis has already-'
'No,' Barnaby shook his head. 'I think it might genuinely have been a coincidence. Besides, I don't want to waste any time talking to them when I could be talking to you. What do you say we get out of here?'
'You like science, right Peter?'
and asked for a strawberry base, with peach pearls. It was his favourite. The other barista (?) turned around and started work. Tony practically salivated all over the laminated wood of the counter.
Despite that, though, the visit had been a success. Peter had loved it; and from the time Stark left to the time he finally fell asleep, he had been busy playing with the phone, and discussing the visit endlessly with Steve, completely overexcited. It had been late when he had finally dropped off, and Steve had been much later getting home than he had anticipated, but he hadn't been able to sleep anyway. He just kept hearing Peter saying goodbye to him all over again, agonising over his own, totally inadequate response. He lay awake most of the night, trying to formulate a better answer, what he would say in the conversation he knew they needed to have, and failing utterly.
Steve nodded, then added, 'Wouldn't mind a hug, though.'
Steve didn't answer. Instead he reached into the pocket of his coat, and pulled out a gun, old army issue. He set it down on the table with a click.
'Tony,' he said, softly.
'Picking another fight, huh?' Tony asked.
. They had only been dating for four months back then, but if Tony had known dating Cap would turn into such an ego boost, he would have started things a lot sooner.
He had gone soft, since this most recent hospitalisation. There had been a time when he had tried to actively discourage Peter's hero-worship of Iron Man, tried to explain that
. Assuming his leg would stop complaining enough to let him get up.
'I'm gonna fuck you,' Venom said, not moving. 'Then I'm gonna kill you. Or maybe the other way around. You've never seen anything like me, Princess.'
'I can't let you do that, you-'
'Steve?' Peter said, uncertainly. He never missed anything. Steve quickly went back to smiling. 'What's wrong?'
He woke up with a start, crashing onto another shore. He rocketed upright in bed, disorientated. A second ago he had been a Wild West Sheriff – still was, he could feel what was happening there in the back of his mind – and before that, before that he had been... the Skrulls. This was what they wanted. He was losing himself. He drew his knees up to his chest, burying his face in his arms. His mind was being ripped apart, scattered across billions of different identities and it
Stark held up a hand to stop the flow of his speech, shooing the girls off his knees and sending the whole pack of them back towards the bar. Then he leered at Steve. There really was no other word for it.
For a moment Steve thought the kiss had been just to the corner of his mouth, but then, no. Half of it had gone numb. It was probably sagging, ugly.
'What the hell is your problem?' Steve called after him.
'I was wondering if I could talk to you about my godson, Peter,' Steve said more loudly. 'He's a great kid. It's his birthday on Friday, he'll be four. He's a huge fan of Iron Man.'
'What, are you still in love with Peggy? What am I, a consolation prize?'
'Why don't you take that stupid thing off, Tony?' Steve asked, apparently thinking the same thing. 'No-one is going to recognise you with your beard like that.'
was Tony's first coherent thought.
The question was so abrupt and tangential that it took Steve a stumbling moment to realise it had even been asked. He did not like this man. Even so, he gritted his teeth and said, 'Five.'
Gently, Steve lifted his chin. 'You're going to be just fine, Bar, I promise. Just... just arrange to meet this guy again when you're sober. Do it tomorrow. As soon as you can.'
After an hour of anxiously watching Peter and seeing no improvement, Steve had insisted on getting a doctor. He would have fought Stark if necessary, but the man let him go. Steve wasn't sure how they were going to explain what had happened to make Peter react like this, but the doctor didn't even ask. She looked at Peter's notes long enough to see he was terminal, went through the usual platitudes about making him 'comfortable', and hooked Peter up to a painkiller. Peter had finally subsided into a restless sleep, and Steve had the rest of the night to talk to Stark.
'Tell your kid to find some better heroes,' he said, taking his phone out of his pocket and playing with it. As far as he was concerned, the conversation was clearly over. But Steve just couldn't leave it at that.
'I will be submitting to the authorities for arrest and trial. A trial which I am fully aware is a damn sight more than my victims got. No-one deserved to die over a stolen packet of cigarettes.' His voice cracked, and he swallowed, determined to get to the end. 'I will not be employing a lawyer unless the state insists on appointing one for me. If this is the case, I will cover the bill myself to avoid placing any more monetary burden on our legal aid system. Iron Man did not give people the opportunity to defend themselves. There will be no tricks, no bribery, just an honest investigation into what I did. Thank you.'
scare me like that again, you may die of a broken heart a week after I go.'
A few moments later, she was relieved, and flushed while looking at her own pale, pasty-looking face in the mirror so there was no chance of having to see anything. Her underwear was still clean, thank goodness, but Natasha was no fool. It was coming. She already felt dirty, super aware of the rotten flesh inside her just waiting to come out.
this. It was fact, indisputable fact, that the Binders couldn't do anything to you without your consent; and fact too that there were hundreds, thousands,
wasn't fair. Bucky had always been there for him, done everything he could to help out. Steve couldn't resent him just because fate had dealt him a better hand. He selected a can of soda from the fridge, trying to decide whether the tightness in his chest was anger or asthma. Bucky had followed him into the kitchen.
‘You just leave Peter alone,’ Steve said. ‘Don’t ever contact this number again.’
After the
'Howard,' Steve groaned. 'Of course. I forgot he was there.'
. Why would people willingly do this to themselves?
They talked for
'Your AI activated a defence mechanism that ejected what was left of Venom out of the vents and straight into Shield custody. They're studying it in the lab, but they'll probably want to talk to you eventually.' Steve hesitated, then continued, 'They've found enough to know that it would have been influencing, probably even making, your decisions for you. None of this was your fault, Stark.'
It was said so quietly that if the corridor had still been full he would never have heard it. But he did, so he turned, and saw to his surprise that it was Tony Stark who had called him.
The messages were innocent enough, but if they were going to stay that way, why tell Peter it was a secret? Stark could have been sending him
'I will,
Barnaby pulled away, blinking at him drunkenly, the alcohol blocking his usually alert synapses. Then he nodded unhappily. 'I don't want to,' he said. 'But my dad...' the rest of what he said was a slurred mess, something about
'Drink?' He said, sitting down behind the desk and pouring himself a glass of whiskey from a decanter. Steve stepped into the office properly, shutting the door behind him. It was barely ten thirty in the morning, and he was pretty sure that wasn't the first glass the Director of Stark Industries had had.
Peter was back on the floor again, holding himself up on Steve's knees. He was still now, considering, looking back and forth between his parents.
Tony lunged across the table and pressed a finger to his lips. 'Don't get ahead of yourself, Captain. Let's talk about after, after.'
. But if Stone knew that they
pulled Tony back into his arms. 'I won't.' He wasn't ever going to let go again.
Somehow, that fact made Steve looked more confused than the idea that a plane had suddenly winked into existence and crashed into a city street. 'You mean a Zero? From the war? From Pearl Harbour?'
Steve still wasn't back. He probably hadn't even gone, he was
'Well, I'd call that a good morning's work, Thor,' Tony said. 'Stopped a bad guy, saved the child, back in time for lunch. Congrats.'
'I mean it,' Steve continued. 'We can be together here. We could even get married.'
'You were going to tell me about your flight suit,' he prompted carefully.
She ignored his blathering, pulling herself up, hurriedly fastening her pants and running to the door. She opened it a crack, snatched the bag, slammed the door shut again, and emptied the bag onto the floor, scrabbling for a tampon so she could finally, finally sort herself out.
'I was late going down to theatre. The first bypass I was still twenty. The other two were after midnight and I'd already turned twenty-one.'
‘Sociable? Seriously?’
'No, I'm not that talented. The boss' PA picked out the sculptures, then they got a landscape artist to do the rest.'
. Peter swallowed.
That was a difficult question and not one Steve wanted to answer. Not one he was even sure he could answer. But if he was going to save Peter, he needed to understand all the variables, and that included finding out exactly what Stark's 'flight suit' was.
Steve lifted Peter up, pressing him against his shoulder. He could feel Peter's breath, deep and steady, against his cheek.
'Of course I'm worried, you dolt, I've been worried about you ever since we met, but everything with Fisk...' Tony took a deep breath, then, not quite able to meet Steve's eye, he added, '...the drink helped. But since I took the pledge, it's gotten harder.'
‘Texting?’
'How am I supposed to just forget about you hiding some lady's secret things in our cupboard?'
'You two are sickening,' Natasha said.
I have been overwhelmed by the kind comments and kudos left on the last chapter; so much so that I felt too guilty not to at least try and throw something together. This is an unedited piece so please forgive the roughness- I thought you might all appreciate some back story. Thanks everyone! :)
Clint went to turn the speaker phone off but Tony stopped him. He couldn't think.
They went. Tony found that now he had stopped fixating on it, he knew the way home without even thinking about it.
'Hey Nat,' he said, faux-casual. 'You should see this. Stark's singing about yoghurt like a knock off Mary Poppins.'
missed Steve. He'd never managed to say 'Pa' before, but by the time Steve had been gone 24 hours he was asking for him with wide eyes. Tony had videoed it for Steve, but Peter had looked so sad that he had deleted it again. Steve had better come home soon.
Steve had not been so lucky. His left arm had been trapped in the rock fall along with half of his chest, and his right arm had been twisted enough to dislodge the metal rods Tony had put in. The ribs and arms would heal, according to the surgeon, but in the meantime he was utterly helpless.
Steve looked slightly stunned, and then hurriedly tried to hide it. It didn't work. 'Oh,' he said, swallowing. 'You mean, you have a girlfriend?'
Steve wrenched the pushchair round. Peter was slumped in the straps, his head sagging onto his chest, his eyes closed and body limp. Steve tipped his chin up, rushing too much to be gentle, holding his hand up against Peter's lips.
'Cap, I'm not talking about that. We can focus on rescuing Peter, or you can keep pushing and see where it gets you.' Stark had stopped as he spoke, turned round to face him, and Steve didn't like the glint in his eye.
He'd heard her laugh. 'Sorry,' he said, moving to let go, but relenting when she clung on. It was pathetic, but hey, she'd already embarrassed herself this much, she might as well make the most of it.
'Peter,' the voice said again. 'I know you're awake. Time to get up. Do you want some juice?'
'I'm not big on draft beer,' Barnaby replied. 'I just wanted to impress you with how manly and cool I am.'
'Wait,' he tried to say, but nothing came out. His lips had dried shut, and he didn't have the strength to part them. He wanted to open his eyes, but they wouldn't listen.
'Can you tell the bar staff he's not allowed alcohol?' Bucky asked, pointing at Steve. 'He's single handedly propping up Big Pharma.'
Hell. This was going to be
He'd just got Peter back, Peter was going to live, and they still hadn't had any time together. But this was just one last crisis, one more thing he had to do, and then they would have all the time in the world, years of it, an entire lifetime. And that was thanks to the man that monster had carried away with it. So Steve followed, running as fast as he could, determined he was going to find a way to stop this.
Steve didn't even apologise, he was too busy looking around with a wide-eyed, flustered stare. 'What song is this?' He demanded.
'You'll be alright,' Steve said. 'The Shield medics said you just need to adjust. That thing was in your system for a long time. It could be a while before you're completely yourself again.'
'I guarantee he won't,' Steve said, still unable to stop smiling. 'Let's get you to bed, okay? Then you can go meet him when you wake up. You're going to be okay, I promise. I
'I get it,' Barnaby had said, as they looked down on the city. 'Honestly, I'm not... exactly...
'I heard you were the one who curated the sculptures on the roof,' Steve said. 'It's amazing. You have a good eye.'
Stark removed one arm from around the red-head's waist to remove his sunglasses, and surveyed Steve.
'Wait, that's what you're angry about? Steve, everyone's heard it!'
'I like that,' Steve muttered, and for a moment they stood there, neither of them moving away, neither of them quite brave enough to move forward.
'Please let me in. Steve and Mr Stark need my help.'
So this is over 3000 words... I do not know what a drabble is XD
The blonde paused in her licking. 'You said it
'Good.' Tony stood up. 'Well then, if it's alright with you, I'm going to change. Hold this, squirt.'
'What? It'll make you more appealing to these people.'
kind of gesture.
He wanted to rage, to cry, to protest.
'He made you! Don't you want to help him too?!'
When he had stepped out the shower, his skin had been turned pink by the heat, but he was starting to realise that wasn't the only reason he'd been hot. Looking in the mirror now, his face was flushed, cheeks pink, and his chest was hot to the touch. Another fever coming on. Great. It always happened when he stayed up too late. Even the back of his neck was warm beneath the blemish.
'About three and a half hours, after three days awake. But I'm fine, T'Challa. The serum-'
Tony shrugged. 'The kind that comes when you have spider DNA, I guess.'
drunk, they were only drinking the mulled wine, warm and sweet, that he had made sure Bucky would be well stocked with. Okay, they had drunk quite a lot of it, but still. Mulled wine.
'Very good sir, on whom?'
'Hey baby,' he said, cuddling the child closer. 'Daddy's here.'
‘No,’ he said, worming free. ‘It’s like binary.’
'What's wrong?' Tony asked, eyes full of concern and disappointment as Steve approached the back. 'Aren't you enjoying it?'
Tony was, as usual, the first out of his language class. It wasn't that he didn't enjoy learning Mandarin, or that he didn't appreciate Meredith adding it to the syllabus when she realised he was already fluent in most major European languages thanks to a stream of increasingly exasperated nannies. It was just that he had an
'Jarvis,' Tony said. 'Search for Captain America Santa Baby.'
Steve was thinking something, Tony could tell, but he was dammed if he could tell what. Why wouldn't Steve
'I'm not really looking for-'
'Hey, honey,' Steve's voice; as full as warmth and love as ever, whispering in the way he did when he didn't want to wake Tony up fully. 'I'm sorry I left you all alone. How you holding up?'
Tony nodded. So Steve was working, here to guard him. Of course it wouldn't be anything else. So there was only one more thing he needed to know, and he wasn't sure what he wanted the answer to be.
So Tony let the blast go earlier than he normally would, sending a swathe through the guards, knocking all who were in its way to the side, off their feet, and definitely out. But the gap was already starting to close.
'It's a lot of money, I should talk to him,' Steve said.
Tony stared at the monitor. Then he rocketed down the hallway to Peter's room.
There was something in his tone that Steve thought might have been suggestive. He glanced at the bed. Even if he couldn't agree that they were meant to be on some mystical level, maybe he could demonstrate the strength of his feelings.
Barnaby's smile was almost as intoxicating as his eyes. Steve couldn't look at it for too long, so bright it was painful. He smiled at his beer instead, and drank some more.
'So you weren't insured?'
'No,' he said. 'I wouldn't change it. Peter is... he's just great. He's so determined, he just keeps going, and no matter how bad it gets, or how poor his circumstances are, or how sick he's feeling, he just wants to find a way to play and have fun.'
As always, thank you to everyone who commented! The response to the last chapter and the fic as a whole continues to overwhelm me :) I would not have got this far without your encouragement and you inspire me to push on to the end. You guys are the best :')
When the last lock on her helmet locks itself into place, It’s like looking into a mirror.
“Yeah,” Tony whispers, closing his eyes and breathing in Steve’s scent.
“I didn’t know you were gonna move! It wasn’t supposed to hit you in the face!”
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
“Yes, sir!” Tony winks, and Steve feels warmth settle over their fingers intertwine between them.
“Quit staring!”
But Tony just flashes her his most charming grin, and she sighs resignedly.
“Stand back,” is all he has to say, and then Tony has the tiny group gathered at his feet as their future Christmas tree comes tumbling down.
“That’s classified--”
- - - - -
It’s after that night that he starts taking a little bit of the money he has-- and he has so much, sometimes he thinks he hates it-- and puts it in a box under his bed.
“Please, Cappy bear?”
“Funny you should mention surprises,” Steve says casually, and puts on his most innocent look when Tony narrows his eyes, forkful of chocolate chip pancake frozen halfway to his mouth.
“They dropped you from the troop in week two, you can’t say that.”
“Ooh, that’s more like it, baby doll!”
“Penny for your thoughts?”
Again.
Natasha gives up on holding back her smile, and as the debrief finally begins, she finally welcomes the rare, warm tendrils of surprised happiness that settle in her chest.
“No, come on.”
“You should be grateful I was still willing to fill out all those papers,” the woman rolls her eyes, despite the faint concern Steve can read on her face. “I’m not your PA anymore.”
"So you finally figured it out?"
"Shit," Steve breathes. "Really?"
Steve’s voice sounds oddly distant, even as his chest presses against Tony’s back, arms wrapped comfortably around his waist, and Tony turns his head away from the stars above them to look at him over his shoulder. “I guess it’s not so bad,” he says, and feels a thrill of satisfaction when Steve grins in response.
“We are,” Steve sighs, “but--”
“God, you’re such a sleepy little puppy,” Tony coos, even as his eyes start blinking slowly, to Steve’s relief.
Okay. Favorite color?
Wide blue eyes peek over from the other side of the couch, followed by a tiny, devilish grin. “No!”
“Small mercies, Pepper pot,” Tony laughs, just as the elevator doors open and Steve Rogers steps out, duffel bag in his hands and standing in full Captain America uniform.
“Why am I letting you sit with me?” Rhodey sighs.
“Not if I can help it.”
“Wow, you’re hot,” Tony says, and Steve’s heart skips a beat at the leering grin aimed his way.
“‘m Peter.”
"Oh, that," Tony shrugs, "that's not true."
“The stars sure look a whole lot nicer up here.”
Tony can’t fucking wait.
“Oh, now I
“Nothing, Miss Potts,” Daisy shakes her head, but she’s hesitant like she never is, and it’s only when she holds out the pile in her arms to Pepper that Pepper realizes it’s not papers at all.
“Yeah, that's what you said. But what about the other days? Like the week it wouldn't stop raining and you were almost freezing your ass off--”
At school, they decide to tell only their smallest circle of friends, because Tony may be an asshole, but he’s not so bad that he’d spring it on them at the last minute. And Steve is worlds nicer than he is, obviously, so he’s just ridiculously excited about it, even if it means they’re going to end up taking a year off before college.
“I hate you so much,” Tony huffs, even as he feels his cheeks grow warm, but before he can reach up to tousle his hair, Steve grabs his wrist and pulls him in.
Tony narrows his eyes. “But–”
Because as the days turn to weeks and Steve’s mission keeps them away, Tony starts finding other kinds of notes that leave his cheeks burning and his heart racing:
Even in the dim light, he catches the fond roll of Steve’s eyes. “Gimme a moment to catch my breath, then we’ll start tryin’ to figure out a way outta here, yeah?”
Baby blue eyes narrow thoughtfully. "One bite of cake."
That’s my middle name, sweet cheeks.”
“Sure you don’t want to step out for a bit? You could get some coffee, a sandwich--”
“Then don’t worry about it.”
“Count some sheep.”
“Wuv you.”
“You wish!”
“You gave me a home, Tony. So as much as I’ll love every second tonight, I’ll be just as happy when it’s over. When it’s just you and me again.”
“Don’t think I can make it? Nat tell ‘em-- I can make it with my eyes closed.”
- - - - -
“Does Cap know you’re here?”
“I’m not laughing.”
before leaving me with nothing.”
“There’s so much I never got to tell them,” he whispers. His tears are hot as they run down his cheeks, but still they don’t chase the chill from his bones. “So much I did, and said, that I wish I could take back. Twenty-five years, and all I can... all I can do is fucking sit here. God...”
"Another year of bein' an Avenger, and going out there with my family to fight the bad guys. Another year of movie nights and birthdays and holidays."
Tony bites his lip, and then leans up to press a quick kiss to Steve’s cheek. “There. Don’t lose, big guy.”
“Only have one hand,” Tony says tentatively, breathing a sigh of relief when Steve tugs him closer a second later.
Steve nods, and pulls him in by the shoulder. “I may be Captain America, but Steve Rogers is definitely an Iron Man kind of fella.”
“Y’know... when I woke up, I... I didn’t think I’d ever have this again.”
Steve shakes his head. “I’m feelin’ lazy today,” he says.
“A-alright! I think we’ve, uh, wasted enough time, yeah?” Steve calls out, shuffling the papers in front of him as he squares his shoulders and straightens his spine in a way that still doesn’t manage to draw Natasha’s attention from the fact that he can’t stop his eyes from straying over to Tony’s neck every once in a while.
Steve chuckles. “It took me two to convince Bucky that keeping his candy in bed with him wasn’t the smartest idea, so I'd say you had it pretty good last night.”
“‘m cold.”
“Yeah, this is just... well, it’s damn cute, is what,” Sam grins, and punches Steve’s shoulder playfully.
He doesn’t even bother hide how his hands tremble as he stumbles back to Steve’s room. Barnes stands tensely by the window, and turns to Tony when he sits down beside the bed. The silence returns, light and heavy all at once, until–
“Stick around’n you’ll find out.”
“No I didn’t,” Tony says distantly, squinting closer at the screen of his laptop. “I was just…”
Warnings: Mention of a needle? It’s brief, but there. Twice.
“It’s okay,” Tony gasps, lips pressing against Steve’s shirt with every word. “It’s okay, it’s okay…”
“What’s she gonna do,” Tony chuckles, “kiss us to death?”
“Shit, shit,
“Anytime,” he replies, and revels in the warmth blooming in his chest.
“Is your offer still open, then?”
“Throne,” Barnes says helpfully.
“It’s… I dunno, loud? And
“Same thing, right?”
,” Steve rasps, eyes  suddenly burning with grief and anger, but so much love, he wonders how his heart hasn’t burst from it.
“Yeah, I’m already doing a better job at this husband schtick than you are–”
“Hiya back, gorgeous,” Tony drawls, lips quirking up into his most charming smile, and Blondie’s eyes-- big and blue and utterly perfect, holy shit-- widen as his blush grows warmer.
“I like the sound of that,” Tony purrs. “Being pressed up against this all day,” he runs his hands along Steve’s chest and stomach. “Just you and me– minus the clothing, of course. It’s so inconvenient. And lucky for us,” he mumbles against Steve’s jaw. “This is a private island.”
“Sorry.”
“Yep. And here,” Tony slides the little box over to him. “I brought payment!”
“B-but
Barnes nods. “‘n oka--okay, we, we might’ve h-had one t’many.”
Tony shivers. “What are you waiting for, then?”
“Clint,” Natasha says, warning loud and clear in that single syllable.
“You know it, baby,” he waggles his eyebrows, but then feels his heart skip a beat when Steve buries his head under Tony’s jaw. “What is it now?” he asks gently.
say that-–”
"Sweet-talker.”
“‘s Cap’n America,” Peter says proudly. “He’s me ‘n Daddy’s fav’rite!”
Their friends glare pitifully. “Hate y’both,” Rhodey grumbles, but doesn’t pull away when Tony leads him out the door.
“See how easy that was? You didn’t even have to ask.”
“No,” Steve smirks, even as his stomach gives another loud rumble. His eyes are still soft and hazy from sleep, and Tony relishes the warmth he feels as they meet his own. “I think about you too. Sometimes.”
His skin, when Tony touches it, is no less warm than before, and he rearranges the blankets around the blond with a tiny frown. “I’ve got you. Go back to sleep...”
“I need to go,” he finally says, and doesn’t wait for a response before leaving.
, if you try hard enough.”
“Now that I think about it,” Tony shoots back, a wickedly familiar gleam of humor animating his own eyes, “the cake we got
Like how he’s got a wit dryer than the fucking Sahara, and half of their conversations leave Tony trying to catch his breath after a story or comment Steve’s shared. It’s refreshing in the best way, to have someone who gets Tony’s particular brand of humor, who does’t take off every time Tony’s mouth runs off faster than his brain. Tony knows all too well how difficult he can get, but Steve manages to match it with his own tenacity.
. And bonus! you can have my crusts. Eat up, cap. And Jay,” he looks up again. “Run
“Sure you don’t want to help me?”
Summer of Stony prompt #25: “What the hell is this?”
The circle flashes again– brighter this time, if that’s even possible– and Tony faces his daughter with a thundering heart.
“But--”
Call me Tony. And his favorite color’s red. Obviously.
Warnings: NONE.
“Well looky here,” Hammer smirks. “If it isn’t Tony Stark’s merry little band of misfits–”
! I swear-- oh, you think that’s funny? You won’t be laughing when Cap comes home-- Steve, I mean it, you need to get back here
“Pep, Pepper pot--”
Tony curls his face into Steve’s neck as he blinks away the burning behind his eyes.
“You’re killing me, Rogers.”
Warnings: NONE.
“So,” Tony says, when he finally gets him alone during free period in the library, "I, uh--"
“I know you can,” Steve says, and leans in to taste the smile on his husband’s lips. It’s soft and light, but full of endless promise, and neither of them pull away until both of them are breathless.
Warnings: NONE.
“Smart girl.”
And that’s how he ends up meeting Tony.
“How come
Steve’s smile grows. “Good. Now sit down before the food gets cold, will ya?”
- - - - -
Tony’s chuckle is low and a little rough. “
“And I thought those baby blues were perfect on you before? Well shit, handsome,” Tony drawls, grinning when Steve covers said eyes with his hand. “They’re even more of a showstopper now.”
It’s just him and Tony in the living room, and every other minute, Steve will hear the brunet mumbling along as
I buy my baby everything, Steve?” Tony cocks his hip, work completely forgotten in favor of the argument he can see coming.
“You threw it out the window twenty miles out the city!” Steve says, and then bats his eyelashes in a vague imitation of Tony. “
“I got a best friend.”
“Hi there! Sorry, I should’ve been up at the front,” he says, but the wide, gorgeous smile on his face doesn’t look sorry at all. “Welcome to
Tony rolls his eyes. “Replacing furniture’s a bitch, so obviously--”
He should have known things would eventually go to shit, though.
“You could say that,” he mutters, then gently picks up Ellie to move some space over. “Sorry, you were probably sitting here, huh? Just--”
“You want tea?” He smiles.
“Yeah, doll baby?” he asks
Steve rolls his eyes. “I’m always careful, Tony. And you know you liked it, so stop pretending.”
"-- debriefing after a fucking
A blond eyebrow rises in surprise. “Mine?”
The librarian leans over to glare at them, but Tony doesn't have time for anything except--
“She said she wanted a castle last week, Tony, but you didn’t go and get her that, did you?”
“You’re ridiculous–”
“Kinda wanna keep my kitchen from burning, though.”
“Tony--”
"I just reminded him that she was a foreign exchange student," he points out heatedly. “She was going back to England at the end of the year, he would've been...
What else can he do?
“I know I don’t say it much--”
Steve nods miserably, coughing into a tissue a second later, and God help him, Tony wants to hold him in his arms and never let go.
“What could I possibly want, that I don’t already have, hmm?”
“You’re so crabby in the mornings,” Tony grins. “I love it.”
To say that Halloween night goes well is an understatement.
“Do you mean to tell me,” Pepper says slowly, hands on her hips as she stares at the two of them incredulously, “that neither of you remember how you ended up with those rings on your fingers?”
“Oh shut it, before I change my mind and tell my Ma you can’t stay over for winter break.”
“– and he probably could’ve done it in his sleep–”
“Do you trust Dad?”
“It’s your fucking fault--”
-- hey,
“You got it,” is all Tony says, cheeks blushing an utterly charming shade of pink.
The sheets are a mess around them, and as Steve holds the love of his life in his arms, the world beyond their bed seems the farthest it’s been in days. He takes in the faint sheen of sweat still lingering on Tony’s skin, the satisfied curve of his smile, and feels the words fall from his lips easily. “A couple of days ago, yeah. I dreamt that I was in art school, like back... before.”
“He already knew,” Steve says smugly. When it comes to Tony, god knows Steve will take any chance to do so. “Should I keep an eye out for all of ‘em, then?”
“Better have been the last, too.”
“I’m fucking
“Hope she’s not the only one.”
“You’re s-such a dork, holy sh-shit,” Tony gasps, a single, gleaming eye peeking out his way. “
“This can’t possibly not bother you,” Tony says incredulously. “Seriously, Steve.”
“Didn’t think I’d do it
Tony puts his phone away, and moves closer until they’re inches away. “Well yeah, but this…” he waves his hand up and down Steve’s body, “is fucking awesome. Do your shoes jingle?”
you.”
grey hair. But don’t go yapping about it, alright?”
“Want me to move?”
“Knees still sore?” Tony asks with a smug smile.
“What’re ya d-doin’?” Steve mumbles, eyes opening just a little as his side meets Tony’s chest.
“Never thought you would,” Steve chuckles. “It’s kinda sweet.”
“The rest of us wouldn’t,” Rhodey says, looking up from his phone with a grimace.
“And you need me to do this, why?”
“Sorry,” Tony says, but oh, they both know he’s not sorry at all. “I’ll just, I’ll shut up.”
“And now I know how you feel every time we do this.”
Tony manages to keep his voice steady. “Seriously?”
“A month from now should do,” she says gently, “but you know he’s not going to be happy about this.”
“But–”
“Bet you w-wouldn’t refuse one r-right about n-now, though…” Steve closes his eyes, and leans his head against the wall as he curls into himself a little bit more.
“Papa, kitty!” their daughter squeals, proudly holding up the wriggling, purring bundle of white fur as she skips around the living room.
“I didn’t mean it literally, buddy.”
“You knew I would.”
“O-kay,” he gasps, when they finally pull away. “That... Yeah, I’m-- I’m up now. Jesus... Merry Christmas to me.”
“I just… Carey from Legal just sent these over, and he told me to tell you to, well… that the department honchos would like you to speak with the boss.”
“Is it sappy if it’s true?”
, Pepper mouths.
Tony looks utterly charmed, as he does every time he look at their daughter, and it makes Steve love him even more, even though it barely feels possible. “As you wish, Your Highness,” he says, and then both of them are chewing and licking the sweet orange juice from their lips.
“Mmmm,
“He’ll be fine.”
is all Steve manages to say, but the blush on his cheeks leaves Tony feeling ridiculously relieved.
The voice is soft but firm, and is that Brooklyn Tony hears? It should not sound as attractive as it does right now, but trust Tony Stark to get turned on by nothing but a voice, even when kidnapped. He thinks either his face or his body must have made it all obvious, fucking traitors, because look, Red’s smile is all teeth now.
- - - - - - - - - -
“You’re not the only one,” Tony replies, and leans in again to taste Steve’s grin all over again.
“Not planning on throwing that ring back at me anymore, are ya?” He asks, lips brushing along Tony’s temple.
“Even if I almost killed our kid?”
“Y-yeah?” Comes the soft reply, and Tony turns to find Steve leaning against a section of a wall, face flushed with effort and matted with sweaty hair. His teeth are chattering more than they were before, so loud that Tony can hear them from where he’s standing.
Tony scoffs. “Hardly.”
!” Steve laughs, and Tony feels the sound all the way down to his toes. “You’re ruining the moment!”
Stony Christmas prompt #7: “Hands where I can see them!”
God, Tony’s heart really needs to stop skipping beats. That can’t be healthy. “Did you even go to class?”
Pepper’s voice is soft and low, but in the silence of his living room, it’s loud enough to make him start. Her eyes are barely open-- so are
“You sure?” Tony tries to sound serious, but the smile on his face still hasn’t gone away, so he’s pretty sure he fails.
Not yet, though.
Like how Steve will live and die hating the Mets, and how he bakes cupcakes for his friend Bucky’s fire station every Sunday morning. Like how he’s an avid
“I know you do,” he coos. “I know you’re sleepy, Rhodey. Go to sleep. Shhhh…
“Awwwww,” Sam coos from somewhere close by, voice warbled from a mouthful of popcorn. “You’re adorable, man.”
“They’re… ‘thank-you-for-helping-me-win-Class-President’ cupcakes,” Steve replies.
… Ah! There,” Tony looks up with a grin, and holds out his now finished product to Steve’s lips. “Want some, sugar?”
“You guys know we stopped playing, like, ten minutes ago, right?” Clint calls out from his spot by the grill.
“Do you--” Tony swallows the lump lodged tightly in his throat, and takes a deep breath. “Do you have any fucking idea the kind of shit you put us through?”
“Yeah, Buck?”
“‘What’s mine is yours’ and all that, right?” Steve’s smile is bright and playful.
“Sorry?” Steve asks, after a long moment of confused silence. He can’t blame them.
“Hands where I can see them!”
“Did they sedate him? Where is he?”
, Nat’s gonna kill me– Steve, hey, breathe– in, out, in, out.”
“I dunno why I even called you,” he says, still glaring weakly as Tony proceeds to take photos of him from several angles.
“Yeah?”
“Hmmm?”
“I know it might not... It’s probably not what you’re used to--”
“Yeah! Defense!” Somebody whoops from further in the room. Tony thinks it might be Sam. “
Tony loses track of time after that, focused on keeping up a soft, steady conversation with the girl in his arms, and not losing Steve and their rag tag team, though with the noise they make, he could probably find them a mile away.
“Better than coffee,” Steve grins, just to cherish the scathing glare Tony sends him over the rim of his own cup.
Tony lifts his head from where it’s resting on Steve’s chest to glare at him. “If you drop me, I’ll kick your ass right off the island.”
Stony Christmas prompt #13: "What is she staring at?"
Ah, a comm.
Steve can’t keep his cheeks from flushing, or his lips from curling up. “Well, you can always switch over to 103.7,” he says, “the Odinson brothers have a heavy rock station that actually runs all night, if that’s more your thing.”
“Hmmmm,” Bella brings the kitten up until their noses are all but touching, narrowing her eyes thoughtfully. The kitten blinks back, and squirms around her tiny hands. “I like... Cat.”
“– even though he’s the smartest fella I know–”
! He’s my new
“Tony…. it
“Well, y’know,
"Because of you."
“That’s not important,” the brunet scoffs, pulling at Steve’s sleeve as he waves to the rest of the room. “We’ve got a new arrival to bring home!”
"Wonderful," he whispers, "it's a play date." And then the next moment he pulls away, grinning playfully as he walks back to the open car waiting for him. "See you later, gorgeous."
“Good,” is all Tony can say, and smiles when he feels Steve’s hand find his between their bodies.
Steve pokes his side. “We both know I had nothing to do with this.”
“And believe me, I will make it worth your while when we get home.”
“Well it’s not like I’d be doing this on my own,” he replies, almost a little breathless at how beautiful the blond looks in the soft lamplight around them.
“What?”
Steve looks up at him through his lashes, and when he starts fiddling with his fingers, Tony knows things are gonna turn serious. “Tony?”
"Not that," Pepper sighs. “
Ellie barks once but doesn’t go through on her threat. Instead, she leaps up to the bench Tony’s on as he waits out the worst of the storm, nuzzling into his side and wagging her tail happily.
“Language,” Steve hisses, and regrets it immediately at the heartbreaking whimper coming from his arms. “Come on, baby, Daddy’s here, let’s get you in bed, alright?”
Steve just sighs. “You’re lucky I’ve missed you so much.”
“No!” Barnes almost yells, and stands up with an impish gleam in his dark eyes. “No, I’ll do it, you just-- you stay here.”
“I missed you too,” he can’t help admitting.
,” he says, but no, that can’t be right, Steve can’t be here because he’s back in New York, he’s
The chief, on the other hand, looks awed. “
“Mind-numbing, Cap. I’m fucking serious,” Tony sighs, plopping down on the large, fluffy bed with a groan a second later. “Pep’s the only one out of the two of us who knows what I’m doing here. God, I’d kill for a cheeseburger right now. Even one of your sandwiches...” he trails off in a yawn, not bothering to remove his tie from where it hangs loosely around his neck. The only light in the room is coming from the lamp beside the bed, and even with his stomach rumbling with hunger, Tony feels his eyelids start to grow heavy.
He scrapes his knees and one of his arms, but they still don’t burn more than Steve’s cheeks do when he catches the other man grinning– all tousled hair and eyes so big and brown, Steve can see them all the way from where he stands.
“We can’t make the trip every Saturday. Things are bound to come up that’ll keep us here.”
“i can’t… It hurts, a-and I’m… I’m so fucking
- - - - -
Tony feels his eyelids grow heavy, but keeps them open when Steve calls his name. “Hmm?”
“You’re… Iron Man?” Coulson shouts at her, over the loud roar filling the room.
"Say yes?" he asks when they pull away for air.
“Should I close the window, then?”
“Can’t think of anything better,” Steve says honestly, and watches as a blush makes it way up to Tony’s cheeks.
, Tony’s brain groans.
” the genius looks at her again. “Pep-pot, coffee?”
“Damn right,” Steve nods, then pushes Tony all the way to the couch and sits down on the floor next to it.
“Yep, so now I can put away more for the trip.”
“How… how are you?”
“So,” Tony clears his throat, looking out his window to keep his breath steady. “Day one of Steve and Tony’s excellent adventure– what do you think?”
“I thought you liked my sap,” Steve murmurs into Tony’s jaw.
“That’s what he said,” Tony snickers, then he’s laughing into Steve’s shoulder and Steve is laughing into Tony’s hair, and it’s not really any more funny than some of the things he usually says, but Steve can’t help the warmth and love that bubbles up inside every time he sees Tony happy.
“Tell me, Doc-- will I ever walk again?”
“Even without a crown?”
“Nice to know you wouldn’t hesitate to end my life if you had to.”
"I didn't wanna get my hopes up."
“It’s not like we wanna keep her,” Bucky grins. “Babies ain’t always a walk in the park– we just get the fun parts.”
“You’re impossible,” Tony laughs. “Now go get me a second brownie from the cafeteria crones, will you?”
“Who’s a good girl, huh? Who’s a good girl?” Tony coos, nose buried in the tiny black bundle in his arms. “
“Well, thank you.”
"....Oh."
“I can do that,” Steve says, and even though Tony sees it coming, the first press of Steve’s lips on his still sends a thrill down his spine. It’s slow and soft and wonderfully tender, the way Tony’s always wanted Christmas to feel, and he’s quick to lose himself to it.
Pepper rolls her eyes. “I’m sure he’s a looker.”
“It’s not my fault you’re in love with me. Everyone is.”
“… and then there’s uncle Agent, who doesn’t stop by as often as he used to, but that’s bound to change when he finally meets you, you little cutie. He’ll just– Steve, the door.“
Tony licks his lips. “Aw, you miss me when I’m gone, handsome?” he looks up at the blond from beneath his lashes. “If you wanted me to be all over you, all you had to do was ask.”
Steve’s heart skips a beat, and he grins as he meets warm, brown ones. “Yeah?” he whispers, but Tony shushes him dramatically.
"So what's changed?” Rhodey asks. “Is it the way he looks now?"
“I, um… I need to, uh– oh, fuck it,” he sighs, and pulls out the little black box from his pocket.
"Tony—"
“We’ve learned a thing or two from dealing with Starks and their inventions,” Coulson replies, setting the case down on the table. “Figured it wouldn’t be much different with you, Ma’am. Especially considering your… newly discovered connections.”
“Have what?”
Going by the smirk on Natasha’s face, she knows it too.
- - - - -
Steve wraps his arms around him, pulling him back in until their foreheads touch. “I love you so damn much,” he says again, his voice trembling with so much emotion, it brings Tony to tears all over again.
Don’t worry, Cap– I love you too much to throw it all away for your boring Vanilla.
Not to mention the man lying on top of him...
Warnings: NONE.
“I said that last part out loud, didn’t I?”
A mumbled ‘
, I swear I do, but I’m also too damn selfish to let you go. I want to keep you next to me every day, I want to wake up with you, sleep with you, and kiss you and fight with you, and laugh with you; I want to cry with you, and raise a family with you– by the way, kids? We’re getting kids. One kid, a ton of ‘em, I don’t care, as long as i’m their dad and you’re their Papa. I want to be there when we’re old and fat and grey, and we can barely remember anything else except each other.
!” he whines, when Steve lets the pug down so he scamper around his new home. Clint wastes no time in scooping him up, laughing as Remy walks up and down his chest.
A very familiar bout of laughter sends a pang of longing to his chest, and when Tony finds Steve making his way straight towards him, he takes a deep breath to quell the sudden swell of irrational panic.
’ is all he says, and by the time he spreads himself out on his cold, rumpled sheets, the phone lights up with a new message.
“Shareholders’ meeting day. Whoop-dee-doo.”
A sudden blinding flash of light cuts her off, and before Tony can even blink, it forms a circle only feet away from them. Steve’s on his feet immediately, moving between them and the portal without hesitation. But their daughter just pops open the briefcase, and whoops as a metal suit expands and wraps itself around her.
“Told you,” Tony hears Rhodey mutter behind him, and can’t keep his lips from quirking up as Steve obviously hears him too, cheeks growing pinker by the second.
Because it’s true.
“Only half?” Pepper scoffs, but doesn’t move to take it from him. “Whatever makes you feel better, Tony.”
“Back atcha, stud,” Tony replies instantly. “Snotty nose and everything.”
“Ah! Stop right there!” Sam yells. “Don’t wanna know...”
“What.”
Steve rolls his eyes even as he laughs, making his way back to Tony’s side, and if Tony notices they’re just a little bit closer this time, he’s definitely not complaining.
“You’re so testy when you’re tired.”
” he croons.
“Say that again.”
“There isn’t a better person to help him be a hero.”
Steve’s floor is silent when Tony steps off the elevator, and he feels unusually hesitant to disturb it. But when he finds his Captain sitting alone on the large sofa in the main room, he takes a breath to prepare himself.
“Yessss,” Tony replies. “And now it’s time to charge.”
“I… don’t know if I should tell you.”
“I love you too, you fucking meatball. So damn much, you know that, right?”
“I just... I know I’ve been an ass--”
Captain?
“Yeah, bud. But I guess if you really don’t want to, you can always stay here at hom--”
Pepper glares at him. “
“Okay, let’s just agree that you’re the pretty one and I’m the smart one, yeah?” Tony smiles, all bright brown eyes and rumpled hair, and the words are out before Steve’s even finished thinking them.
“Then quit complainin’ and go back to sleep.”
- - - - -
“Can I talk you out of it if I tell you I want to spend the rest of my life with you?” he asks, and Tony’s heart skips a beat. “I want to eat, sleep, work, fight... everything. I want to do it all with you. You’re it for me, Tony. There’s never going to be anyone else.”
“...and?”
“Look, you don’t even know what it is. Maybe you’ll like it.”
- - - - -
“Relax, big guy,” Tony waves him off, but tries keeping his heartbeat steady as he takes a seat.
“Then you’ll get two,” Steve tells him, and makes a path through the crowd milling around Rockefeller Center towards the food truck parked beside the busy Manhattan streets. Tony tries his best to keep up, and he’s just getting ready to remind Steve he’s behind him, when the blond turns half his chest in Tony’s direction, and takes his hand. “I’ve got you.”
"Tony--" Steve starts.
“Babe, I’m dyin’ here. I’ll be back in two shakes of a lamb’s tail,” Steve promises. “I’m just running down for a snack.”
“Fine, yes, you’ve been freezing your ass off. Which is a shame, really, because it’s a gorgeous ass--”
“Cap,” Tony says, and Pepper smiles at the breathlessness in that single syllable. “You should, uh, probably hide the rest of the juice from that guy, yeah?”
“Really?”
“Don’t do him too hard, Rogers! This party’s still goin’, and these walls ain’t thick,” Barnes waggles his eyebrows; Tony doesn’t miss the flush that blooms on Steve’s cheeks and disappears down the neck of that god-awful sweater.
So, yeah, he knows about the Captain. Well, not
“Tony--”
Well, if you can think of someone, imagine them being right next to you, one hundred percent, no matter what. And you know they’ve got your back. I learned the hard way that when you’re at your worst, it pays to have people willing to shoulder some of the weight.
Clint glares at her. “It’s still bright out. And I want a hot dog.”
“May I?”
“I live to surprise, Jimbo,” Stark says, then winces a second later. “Sorry, reflex. Rhodey’s a James too.”
“Are you seriously complaining about sticking a string through popcorn?” Natasha sighs.
“Don’t you dare,” he growls, just as they arrive at their door, and with a low, deliciously rough groan, Steve pushes him into it. “C’mon, honey bunny, chop chop. Get me in there so you can get in me.”
“Well, you
“Just give me my food, you jerk,” he mumbles, and then it's turkey sandwiches and Perry Como for the rest of the afternoon.
“Wouldn’t even if I could.”
“Mmhmm, just like you.”
He doesn’t know how long he sits there, barely listening to the sounds of his team as they finish the battle, the sounds of SHIELD personnel as they dispatch a recovery vehicle for them.
“Need something, Cap? I’m kind of... busy,” he waves his hand weakly at the space around him, at the empty balcony and the cold, winter winds that’ve been seeping into his skin for God knows how long.
,” she giggles, squeezing the animal to her chest. “Papa, leash!”
After that, not a day goes by where Bucky doesn’t talk about her at least once. Sometimes, they’ll be short, passing mentions-- like when he tells Steve:
Steve sighs in amusement. “Must feel real good saying that after yesterday.”
“No!”
“Yeah, you could always just write that on the cupcakes,” the brunet smirks, and Steve breathes a sigh of both relief and aggravation.
Tony’s getting a little disturbed.
“Steve–”
,” he stammers, stepping back.
New York City wakes up to a picture perfect morning on Mother’s Day.
“And I don’t wanna hear any complainin’ when I pick the spot.”
“As long as it’s from Original Mario’s on 42nd,” Steve says, and Tony can’t smother the pleased sound that leaves him.
Steve laughs until tears stream down his face, and every breath after that feels like a new beginning.
March Prompt #11: “When’s the last time I said I love you?”
There’s a blur that pops into view, and then Tony lets out a breath as the camera shakes again– a little harder this time– when said blur barrels into Maria’s legs. “
And like how much of a morning person he is, which Tony learns to appreciate early on, because every once in a while he gets to wake up to Steve’s voice coming in through the blessedly thin walls, as he sings one old-timey song after another. And as annoying as it should probably be to someone like Tony-- he prides himself on not waking up until
“I-- I know we talked about it,” Tony continues, “but I’m... this isn’t--” he turns his head to press his cheek against Steve’s pectoral. “We’re not moving just ‘round the corner, Rogers.”
“So I’ve been told.”
“Petition to fucking ban Monopoly from future family game nights,” Clint calls out around a mouthful of popcorn. “I’m tired of seeing Cap wipe the floor with everyone.”
,” he whispers, horrified to feel his eyes burning. He can barely see Sarah, until she leans up to wipe them dry.
He spends lunch in one of the science labs, finishing up the rest of his Chem project just before the bell rings. But the door opens just as he’s putting his things away, and Tony stills at the sight of Tiberius Stone.
“Wassit’s name?”
It's no different from the way he looks any other day, and why would he, when it’s Steve, who sits on their bed to sketch at least half an hour every night? Who hums cheesy 80's songs because they're catchy, because he knows how much they make Tony laugh? Steve, who wears Stark Industries attire proudly, even after the team had a good day’s laugh at his expense the first time he did it? Steve, who’s managed to sneak his way into Tony’s heart and light a fire that Tony knows he won’t ever be able to live without anymore.
She settles into a comfortable hold immediately, every inch of her tiny little body fitting perfectly against his chest. Tony doesn’t fight the urge to press his face to the top of her head, and lets out a sob when he breathes in because she smells
“No duck! ’M a hawk!”
“Pot, kettle.”
“Pepper,” he gasps. “Pepper, look--
“Which is why I’m here with you, gorgeous, instead of anywhere else,” Tony says. “Just don’t fuck it up, ‘kay?”
“That’s more like it,” he says. “You’re a quick learner.”
,” Tony reaches across the island to push it back in Steve’s direction.
“What do you know? You don’t even have
Bruce goes up with a nod, smiling shyly as he present his own card, and he’s followed quickly by Sam and Clint and then Bucky, all of them as happy and proud as the next. With each card, Tony grows more and more  still, until he’s as tense as Steve thinks he’s ever seen him, and the urge to reach over and touch him is almost unbearable.
Tony wants on that ride again yesterday.
“Guess I’m going to have to spend the rest of my life proving it to you.”
“Can I take his railroads?”
? They won’t even wait for you to finish before they run off to the ballot boxes!”
“Anthony Edward Stark,” Steve growls, splashing spaghetti sauce in the immediate vicinity as he drops the wooden spoon he’d been holding straight into the pan. “What the hell did you do?”
“Then you popped in right in the middle of class, and you just...” Steve’s shoulders start shaking as he chuckles. “You just started posing. You didn’t say a thing, and I... I think I was the only one in there confused about why you were suddenly just
"Hell of a way to put yourself out there." Tony takes a step toward him, and then another, until he has to tilt his head up to look at Steve. "Wanna clue me in on why you chose to ask me like that?"
“Steve--”
“...Santa cookie!”
"Yeah?"
“No ‘Papa’,” Tony shakes his head. “Papa’s bad. Papa doesn’t believe in you like I do.”
on you, Christ. You look so– god, I want to…” he pulls Steve’s face up to kiss him. “I want–
“Hi,” Steve feels his lips quirk up into a smile.
“Nowadays, all I can think about is how lucky I am. Havin’ this much, back then... God, I couldn’t even dream about it.”
“Hey, you’re just in time,” he says, and the softness in his voice is the best thing Tony’s felt all day, like warm blankets and the memory of his mom’s voice as she said his name when he was little.
Tony’s lips curl up into a wicked grin, and Steve feels his face begin to burn even more before he’s even said a word. “I like the view from behind. Those suits make your ass look--”
Steve can only nod. “But...”
“I fucking love you, oh my god,” Tony holds out his arms, gasping at the first whiff of Carbonara.
"That's awfully good to know. You're always the best part of my day."
Steve’s bottom lip trembles as he tries to smile. His tired, red-rimmed eyes fill with tears that fall silently down his cheeks, and the sight of them hurts Tony like nothing ever has.
, he remembers, and can’t hold back the giggle that bubbles out of him, as uncontrollable and hysterical as he feels.
Steve shakes his head. “It’s never been about havin’ the best,” he says, and pulls Tony into his chest. “It’s always been just you and me, remember?”
“I can do this all day.”
“The hell is this?” Bucky asks, stepping into the kitchen with slow, measured steps at the sight before him, and holds his hands up in front of him before he even realizes he’s doing it.
“But not right now,” he decides, and feels Steve’s smile against his lips when he leans in again.
"Okay,” Steve nods, lips quirked softly.
“My mom, yeah. Ana Jarvis, too. I was-- was probably five, six years old, I think.” He traces one zigzagged edge of Thor’s card, and his finger comes back gleaming silver. “Can’t remember what I wrote, but I, uh... I know I meant every word. I don’t-- don’t see how I couldn’t have. They were...
for.”
saw that one coming, Stevie,” Bucky laughs, and just shrugs when Steve glares at him.
the sap coming a mile away."
Mr. Stark?
“I’m so fucking
“Okay, now I’m genuinely nervous,” Tony says. Tucked comfortably under his chin, Nat sends Steve a happy little grin.
Tony pulls back with a startled yelp. “I take it back, you’re disgusting and I don’t like you and I’m calling Pep and calling this whole thing off!”
“Watermelon.”
“No, no, don’t go, don’t leave-- I’m outside, don’t--” Tony says, but then the door moves and he almost falls forward and Steve’s
“No, Buck,” Steve shakes his head. “Lemme do it for ya, bud.”
Steve doesn’t even have time to move before Rumlow lunges at him, and barely registers the pain as a meaty fist slams against his stomach. The space around him erupts into chaos, but Steve can hear Brock’s voice clear as day. “I’m gonna pay that son a bitch a visit after I’m done with you,” he grunts, even as Steve manages to hit his shoulder. “Gonna show ‘im w-what a piece of
He talks with Natasha in the kitchen as he makes tea, cuts up a bowlful of oranges, and opens a pack of saltines. She’s clearly concerned about the two of them, but he leaves her with a promise of get well kisses for them as he walks back with a full tray in his arms.
“You’re being devious,” Tony tells him a few minutes later, his voice low but amused amid the happy chewing and clattering of plastic spoons against pasta-filled bowls. “And you’re not usually devious,
“Good, ‘cause I like you too,” Steve whispers against his lips, and presses them together a second later. It’s slow and soft and comfortingly familiar, and Tony revels in the rush of warmth that runs down his spine.
“Where’s Steve?” he asks immediately. “Is he still here? You didn’t send him off, did you? He told me he wouldn’t leave--”
“Well, I certainly can’t blame you,” Pepper says, lips quirked up into an amused smile.
The camera leaves his mother as she turns it back around, the view a little shaky as she walks down a hall of the New York mansion. “
-- out there relaxing. I want to see them smile, see them laugh and have fun. I want to run in the mornings and swim in the afternoons, and sleep to the sound of the ocean outside my window. And I want you. Here. With me.” He whispers the last word, and even though his heart is suddenly beating so hard, he’s sure Tony can feel it through their chests, he doesn’t move.
“Well I won’t have it— any of it. All I want is safety for this city and for my own. But we could use some help on our surveillance and tech front; our stuff’s not as advanced as we’d like, and you’re the best.”
It should be illegal to have a body like the one he’s looking at right now.
“Hey, nobody told me he wasn’t actually in the ceiling,” Steve grins. “‘s just a habit now. You said it was cute the first time.”
"This is the fucking worst," Tony groans some time later, picking at a sad remnant of turkey still sitting on his plate.
“There were sobs, and gasps. And wails,” Tony laughs, and it’s a little wet but he doesn’t care.
“It’s not just Steve,” she corrects him. “He’s a great guy, yes, and he deserves every bit of happiness. But today... this is all you, Tony. You and these little ones,” she reaches down to bop Barnes’ stomach, smiling affectionately when the boy giggles and swats at her hand playfully. “You’re so good with them… Just like I always knew you’d be.”
“JARVIS had one of the security guards bring up the mail,” Steve says, and pulls out a folded envelope from his back pocket. Their daughter lets out a whimpering sniffle into his neck, and both he and Tony make shushing noises until she drifts back off with a sigh. “And I’d just like to know why you thought it’d be a good idea to buy our daughter a pony ranch,” he finishes with a fond quirk of his lips, waving the paper at Tony.
“Why… why would you?” Tony whispers.
“Sure, Tony,” Pepper and Steve say together, and when they grin at each other Tony knows he’s
“Oh my god,” Steve whispers, even as he sends Tony a hopeful little look that almost takes his breath away.
All five heads snap his way, but Steve puts down his pencil and grins at him, all bright blue eyes and sunshine in his hair and Jesus Christ, he’s so damn beautiful.
Warnings: NONE.
“Who’s the sap now?” Steve asks, voice light and happy and everything Tony’s ever wanted him to be.
“No problem,” Mr. Rogers nods. “Now, Principal Fury told me you’d be sitting in for a little while this morning?”
“Still very impressionable baby ears, sweetheart.”
"I'd skip the whole damn day for you, Rogers," Tony says softly, and the faint blush on his cheeks has Steve completely enchanted. "And I didn't wanna keep you waiting for my answer."
“Don’t you wanna wait till you can see it?”
Third year in a row, but who’s counting, right?
Steve chuckles. "No, but why are you sleeping here?"
“Hiya, Shellhead.”
“Better than the sneer Howard always gave me, right?” Tony says, before he can stop himself, and then curses when he hears Steve get closer.
bad.”
“I mean it.”
“Show me?”
“I dream about losing you. I dream about you being a self-sacrificing idiot, and taking a bullet for someone; I dream about you flying into that damn portal and never coming back. Sometimes I dream about having to live in a world without you next to me… and I wake up sobbing,” Steve rasps. “I can never go back to sleep after those dreams.
“True, but I don’t mind carrying you nearly as much,” the blond replies, sending him a quick wink over his shoulder.
“I don’t want anything else,” Tony says, and means every single word. “Even if... even if I all I came home to was you and a take out box.”
,” she replies, and pulls away with a kiss to his forehead.  “Now dry those tears, because I refuse to spend all my time here crying. Won’t you tell me how you are?”
“Steeb!” a voice calls from the lumpy mass on the couch, and then a tiny hand peeks out over the edge to hold up a snowman covered cup. “
It’s no surprise, then, that he doesn’t get to keep the promise he made to Steve.
"Why?"
“Come on, then,” he sighs. “Let’s go get this party over with.”
“Talk like you believe them,” Steve says quietly. “Like they have any right to say those things about you.”
Clint and Bucky’s snickering might’ve annoyed Steve any other time, had he not been preoccupied with the smell of Tony’s cologne, the sharp lines of his suit as they hugged every inch of a body Steve’s been dreaming of running his lips over. As it is, he barely manages to square his shoulders and nod. “I did,” he says. “We’re not buying a dog, Tony.”
“You wouldn’t.”
“No need to lay it on so thick, sunshine,” Tony snorts. “We already like you.”
“Oh jeez, I’m so flattered. Anyone’d think you were getting ready to rip off a ban-aid, sweetheart,” Steve mumbles, but he’s still shaking, and he’s still crying, so Tony just huffs out a laugh and rolls his eyes.
“Don’t worry, I bet Nat’ll whip out her phone the second she realizes what’s going on,” Bucky replies.
didn’t plan this?” Tony asks breathlessly, feeling Steve’s laughter brush his cheek.
“S-Steve,” he gasps, scrambling over– limbs moving more quickly than they should be able to, with all that cold, hard armor– until he’s sitting next to the blond. “Steve, hey, wake up.”
“Um, it's really nice outside?” Steve replies.
Because Tony hasn’t spit out the mug’s contents, and Steve can only stare in awe as the brunet keeps drinking, staring at Steve with every gulp until he’s downed it all.
“Because you’re my best friend.”
Steve, Pep, and that Bucky guy who distracted him. But mostly Steve, and those arms that just--”
Steve crosses his arms over his chest, and for once, Tony isn’t bothered by the exasperated look on his boyfriend’s face because really, he’ll take anything over having to look at the travesty Steve’s wearing. “It’s better than yours,” Steve gestures at Tony’s glaringly red sweater, at the black letters wishing a ‘
“So am I.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Oh, that’s just dirty,” Tony moans, arching his back to get closer to the blond.
“Only for you, Shellhead.”
Tony grins through the butterflies in his stomach. “Nice to know you think I’m great.”
Tony holds out his hand. “Stark. Tony Stark,” he says, and smiles at the warm, firm handshake he receives in turn.
Tony feels his grin soften. “He’s a little shy.”
. Knowing Steve’s just as committed is icing on the cake.
“Shut up!” Tony rasps, and he can barely talk around the lump in his throat, but he’s going to get this out if it kills him. “Did it ever occur to you that I do that for the same reasons? Ever think of that?
Tony’s smile is shy and pleased all at once. “Cap’s m’fav’rite...”
“Tony.”
“Tell me.”
After that, there’s times where Tony thinks he might owe Jarvis one. Or a lot.
“Was it?” Tony asks pleasantly, but the slight clench of his jaw tells Steve that he’s far from feeling so.
“You’re adorable when you’re grumpy.”
’s only halfway done, and Tony can’t go to sleep for another half hour.
“Hngh,” he says.
“Are you always this--”
“I love you too, Tony, I love you. God,
"Oh,” Tony blinks, and goes to stand next to the blond, reaching up to get Steve’s mug easily. “Here ya go.”
No one could blame him, he thinks, and starts reading:
“‘n then w’left, ‘n we was, um, w-walking, ‘n we... saw ‘
“Anytime, darling. Seemed like a pretty nasty fall.”
“Just felt like it,” Steve replies, before pulling him just a little bit closer.
“But--”
!” Steve growls.
Why is Tony's heart beating so loud? He can barely hear Rhodey mumbling his texts as he writes them, he can barely hear his own breathing because who else knows? How did anyone find out before Tony?
March Prompt #25: “Don’t try, I’m not worth it.”
From behind them, Steve can hear Bucky snickering into his hand.
“Merry Christmas,” is all he says.
“Paaaaa-paaaa,” Steve drawls, laughing when Tony glares and moves away. “Hey, come back!”
“I’m about to fucking kiss you right now,” he crows, and almost doubles over when the blond appears to choke on his own tongue. “I think I’ll, uh, save that for later, though.”
“Scout’s honor,” Steve says, grinning when Tony lets out a sigh.
“Try again.”
Stony Christmas prompt #29: "I saw it first."
“Take me home,” Tony says-- he’s not quite begging, but every cell in his body’s sure as hell screaming that he might as well be-- and Steve’s grip finds Tony’s not a moment after, pulling him from the wall and towards the door.
“Coney Island.”
“Jealous, Barton?” Tony asks.
sap, in a couple of minutes.”
“Look who came to visit,” Natasha smirks, lounging on one of the couches beside her boyfriend; Clint’s smile is just as smug as hers, the bastard.
Tony doesn’t say anything at first, just continues rocking back and forth in place, and from where she rests within Tony’s arms, Natasha sends her a seemingly approving smile. “They make it easy,” he finally responds, and Pepper thinks her heart might break— in the absolute best way, of course— at the quiet but unmistakable awe lacing every word. “Not that it’s like this all the time. Most days, there’s an extra set of hands around.”
“A man after my own heart,” Tony hums, popping open the plastic lid to revel in the fresh, sweet smell of strawberry icing. “If they taste as good as you look, I’m keeping you.”
“Who’s the one starin’ now?”
“And there was no fucking way she’d enjoy that as much as she’d enjoy this,” he jerks his head in the direction of all the noise and the commotion, and sure enough, when Steve’s eyes find his baby’s, he smiles at the pure, unadulterated happiness he sees there.
“Blah, blah, blah. Nat’s pretty bummed out about that, y’know– I can’t tell if that level of trigger happy’s even possible.”
“Don’t interrupt, 'Bucky’!” Tony joins in. “I’m trying to get your buddy’s number.”
“Then
“I need you to not say anything,” Tony rasps. He’s no longer cold, but every part of him still feels numb from a grief he knows he’ll never be rid of. “I’ve heard it all, by now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony doesn’t look up at the sound of Clint’s voice. “What!”
“Get me inside and I’ll tell you as many times as you want.”
“Oh pipe down,” Steve rolls his eyes, a little surprised at the easiness with which he says it. They’ve only just met, but there’s something comforting about Steve’s new neighbor, even in the teasing and the wicked grins that are already driving him crazy.
“Can’t even say it?” Tony teases, then sucks in a breath when Steve pushes himself off the opposite wall and takes one step towards Tony.
Tony blinks. “What?”
“This is
Now it’s Steve’s turn to freeze. “You mean…”
“Y’think?” Tony dares to ask. He almost doesn’t want to know the answer.
“If you don’t stop–”
“Should’ve gotten you an off-switch for a gift…” Tony mutters.
“So me and Tony are…” Steve sounds so hopeful, so happy, that it almost brings Tony to tears.
"Is this what I get for sharing all
They’re certainly not as engaging as what she knows is on the other end.
“I’m not marrying you because of your family, or your friends, or how many people are in your life, Tony,” Steve rasps, voice tight with emotion. His heart feels like it’s about to burst from pure, overwhelming love. “I wanna marry you because I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I want you, forever. Until the day I die. I don’t give a damn if we’re the only ones at the wedding, baby-- as long as we’re
“Oh, you
Steve bites his lip thoughtfully, and then widens his eyes a moment later. “Can we watch a movie?”
“You betcha, Shellhead,” Steve replies, and as the three of them walk the quiet, dewy path through Central Park, Tony finds he doesn’t mind the thought at all.
“Thank you.”
It’s mesmerizing.
," he sees Tony nod. From her perch on his lap, Natasha snuggles further into him and lets out a contented little baby sigh when Tony presses a kiss to her curls. "You guys are..." He shakes his head, and very rarely has Steve seen him at such a loss for words.
- - - - -
“I don’t think so, Mr. Rumlow,” says a hard, clear voice, before Steve can land another punch to Rumlow’s cheek. It takes him a second to realize that the fighting around them’s stopped– just as quick as it started– and he looks up to meet Principal Fury’s dark eyes.
“Dummy!” Tony shrieks happily. “And You, ‘n Butte’fingews!”
“Shut up, you meatball!”
. Tony hates those days.)
“I know,” Peggy smiles, and jerks her head at Steve. “Your president won’t stop talking about you, y’know.”
“Clint used to make fun of me, because I was always starin’ at you before. But I couldn’t help it,” he reaches out, running a thumb across Tony’s sharp, rough jaw.
“We’ve done a hell of a lot more in less time, babe,” he says, and smiles when Steve grunts as he grinds down again.
“Yes, sir,” Steve brings a hand up in a lazy salute, then kisses the tips of his fingers and touches them to the screen. “Love you, sweetheart.”
“I’m thinkin’ you need more than a minute, handsome,” Tony replies, moving to sit beside him with a heavy breath. He takes off his gauntlets, and holds out his bare hands. “Gimme your hands?”
“Gee, thanks.”
And I just... I thought you’d enjoy watchin’ the lights go up.” Steve’s eyes widen, big and blue and under the lights all around them, and Tony buries his head in Steve’s chest with a groan.
“Once?”
The second time is only three days later.
"You really should get back out there," he says, "you're a fucking horrible host, ignoring all these lovely people that came to see you finally become a legal adult, what’s wrong with you?”
“Doesn’t have to be,” Tony whispers, stumbling towards the door. “Comin’, Cap?” He asks over his shoulder.
Speaking of riding…
“Call me Maria, please. The only person who still calls me ma’am is Edwin Jarvis. Tell me, Antonio, is he still around?”
,” Big, Blond and Beautiful stops short, cheeks flushing a pretty shade of pink as he seems to realize his friend’s not alone in the room. “Um, sorry. Hi.”
“Maybe that concussion’s got you hallucinating, then.”
“So, um... what’re you drawing, really?”
,” he groans. “‘m gonna be late for my shift.”
“Not that
Warnings: NONE.
“Can I take out my ornaments now?” Steve asks, and even though Tony knows what’s coming, he still shrugs.
Warnings: NONE.
“I guess,” Steve sighs playfully. “But only for a little while, y’hear?” he tells Bucky. “Then we’re taking her back.”
Sam nods. “I can’t believe we’re doing this-- shit, okay, here we go,” he whispers excitedly, then clears his throat and leans in to the microphone. “
“Tell me a secret.”
“Yeah?”
“Back atcha, Winghead.”
“Shut up and get cookin’, Betty Crocker,” he grins, and revels in Steve’s yelp when he smacks his ass.
“If you ruin that suit, we’re leaving the two of you on your own,” Natasha warns them, as she and Rhodey leave the room.
Steve feels pinpricks in the back of his eyes. “He didn’t. That’s why I--” he lets out a shaky breath, and winds his fingers against Tony’s still ones. “I don’t think he knows how much I need him.”
“Ouch, that almost hurt-- ‘cept I know you love me.”
“Let it go,” Barnes repeats.
Warnings: NONE.
Tony leans forward on the counter. "Name it," he says, and breathes through the hitch in his heartbeat when Steve's lips quirk up into a tender smile, as soft as the morning beyond the glass walls of the Tower.
“Love you too.”
,” Steve hisses, hands clenched into fists to keep them from reaching out for Tony’s hand. The panic that’d erupted in his chest hours before-- he doesn’t thing he’ll ever be able to forget the sight of Tony falling and falling, all blood red and gleaming gold like the Sun-- has only just started fading away, and Steve knows it’ll be a while before he stops feeling it.
“Pep, I’d end up killing it!”
“What is it?”
Warnings: NONE.
“‘m s’rry, Tones.”
,” Steve finishes against Tony’s ear, slow and whisper-soft.
“Yes,” Tony almost squeals. “Oh my god, that’s
“Hey,” Steve says, and grabs Tony’s wrist just as he’s turning away. “Hey, hey.”
“And I’d really like to, um, know more. About your ideas, and your inventions.”
“Why am I like that?”
“With snowflakes in your hair.”
“I heard that!”
Steve starts taking pictures, and waits for it…
“Jealous?”
,” he blurts, whirling to face Steve.
Steve looks down at Tony, eyes bright and twinkling from the Christmas lights strung all around the room, and then curves his lips into that thrillingly familiar smirk. “Lemme remind you, then,” is all Tony gets to hear him say before he’s pressed into the wall and kissed the way Steve only ever kisses him in the bedroom: deeply and hard and utterly
Tony just nods, and noses the fabric of Steve’s shirt once, then again, before laying his head back down. “You know we’re not moving for the rest of the night, though, right?”
“It’s okay, Tony... Now, who’s up first?”
,” Bucky gasps, patting Steve’s leg frantically. “Steeb! Nooooo! I wan’ pancakes!”
There’s a… peace, in all the chaos. And he’s always there, so–
“Tony--”
“Cuddle with me?” Tony asks again, the words softer and more hesitant this time. Even from across the room, Steve can see that every inch of his body is tense as a live wire, fists clenched tightly at his side.
Pepper puts her pen down. “Tony Stark,” she says, and even though her voice is soft, it’s all business. “Are you seriously complaining about signing papers for
“Anything,” Steve whispers.
, there’s no way the person standing in front of them is real.
Steve’s voice breaks through the low, steady hum of the workshop, but Tony doesn’t even spare him a glance as the numbers on the screen in front of him fluctuate. “Yeah, sure, that’s true. But it’s called ‘eccentric’ when you’re my kinda rich.”
The pillow under his cheek moves, and
“Get in
“Tony’s not a punk!”
Tony’s grin is wider than it’s been in days, even though his eyes are barely open anymore. “You do that.”
“Quit starin’ and get over here, then.”
The worst part isn’t the waiting, like Tony might’ve imagined– if he’d ever managed to conjure up the nightmare he’s now living. No, it’s when they finally get him to leave the room.
Summer of Stony prompt #9: “Well... this is awkward.”
"I did not, you liar."
“Don’t start, mister.”
“That makes one of us, ‘cause I’m sure as hell not,” Tony mutters, as he takes a handful of Steve’s jacket sleeve and pulls him toward their first class. “Now come on, I feel like showing off my gift to the gang. You’ll protect me if they try to claw my face off to get these babies, right?”
“Still want a divorce?” he asks.
“Wait,” Rhodey finally says, and both Tony and Steve jump and turn their heads in surprise, like they’d forgotten he was there the whole time. “So you’re... not dating?”
Tony is announced valedictorian at the end of senior year, and absolutely no one is surprised.
Steve pulls away with another nod, and wraps both arms around his middle. “Don’t worry ‘bout me, Shellhead.”
He feels a warm, friendly pat on his shoulder, and takes a deep breath. “
“Sorry, ‘m just excited.”
“Hiya back,” Steve grins. “Didja have fun tonight?”
Tony smirks. “I was talking about
“Because I am replaceable, and you’re not.”
“Hey, hey! I’ve got the badges to prove it, mister.”
“I want pie.”
“Come here,” Pepper replies, slowly rising to her feet as he approaches, and Tony’s helpless to keep his eyes from falling to the squirming bundle in front of him.
Warnings: NONE.
Steve's smile grows into Tony's favorite grin. "So you got 'em, huh?"
Almost.
“Don’t try, I’m not worth it.”
“See if I ever invite you over for Christmas again.”
“You bastard,” Tony giggles through his tears, breathless and warm all over. “You can’t just s-spring this kind of shit on me. I’ve got heart problems, babe.”
“And you’re mine,” Steve whispers when he pulls away, words as soft as the press of his lips had been against Tony’s. “You know that, right? I love you so much.”
,” Maria snaps again, dropping the camera so that it only catches her feet as she walks away with Tony, and Howard’s stumbling gait as he tries to follow her.
"I hadn't seen this one yet-- hey, Jay, snap a shot of this one and send it to Steve."
“I not a bear!”
and this is Tony's: http://www.uglychristmassweater.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/merry-christmas-naughty-ugly-sweater.jpg
“Steve–”
Steve can only nod, and the huff of resignation Bucky lets out stays with him for the rest of the day.
, Tony thinks, and does just that.
“You heard the man, stud muffin. Seven minutes left until it’s officially no longer my birthday. So gimme.”
“Doesn’t seem like it, the way you almost killed us on the way here.”
“Right,” Tony nods. “Okay, so... Jesus, Rhodey already wants to kill me, he might not even laugh when I tell him this-- sorry,” he winces, when Steve furrows his brow in confusion, and he’s still standing in front of everyone like an idiot but he really needs to get this out, because he’s more than a little freaked out by all of this. “Okay, this is crazy, alright? But, I’m not kidding, your voice sounds exactly like my thinking voice.”
“Uh huh! Better, Papa.”
“Anytime, handsome.”
“But I’m always gonna need you, Pepper-pot.”
“Papa?”
“…Pwease?”
“I don’ like cwust!” Sam whines, almost smacking Barnes in the face as he waves the bread in his hand.
“I swear to God, Steve,” he growls, “if you say ‘that’s different’, I will walk away.”
“Guess I’m chopped liver, huh?” Tony mutters down at their daughter, smiling as the sound of bright, happy giggles fills the room.
Tony lets out a shaky breath, and presses his lips to the skin above Steve’s heart. “I love you too, you meatball. So much.”
Tony had raised an eyebrow in response. “
“So, is that a yes on the cuddle?”
“Okay, look, there’s no way he’s banging either of the people with him.”
“He made Carbonara,” Tony sighs, and watches with pleasure as Rhodey and Barnes’ faces fall.
“‘M not tired.”
Tony lets out a startled
Because the painting propped up on the wall behind him? It’s an all too familiar sight.
The battle. Natasha’s shrill warning– “
“There are children,” Steve says.
“Go to sleep, Tony.”
Steve can hear the laughter in his voice, even if he can’t see it in his eyes anymore. “I’ll hold off on complimenting you next time, then.”
“If y’say no, ’m gonna tell ev’ryone y’cried on th’way to th’ hospital.”
“I forgive you, gorgeous,” Tony smirks. “See, I’m so good at this husband thing already.”
have a promise to keep.
“Yeah,” Steve replies. “Right down to the way your eyes crinkle when you laugh.”
Steve’s eyes glimmer with determination when they move up to meet his again. “I’ll try my damnedest not to.”
“When’s it Chwis’mas again?”
“It’s okay, Tony,” Steve says ruefully, shaking his head. “I’m okay–”
Tony winks roguishly. “Only with you, apple pie.”
Steve rolls his eyes, even as his cheeks flush from the mischievous glint in Tony’s. “Somethin’ I can help you with?” he asks, and is relieved when his voice doesn’t come out as breathless as he feels.
“But what about the lackeys?” Steve asks her, barely able to hold back the smile. “They’ll be all alone, babydoll.”
In her sleep, their daughter’s tiny lips curl into the smallest of smiles.
Tony can’t help but close his eyes as he feels Rhodey slowly go limp in his arms– he’s halfway to dreamland himself– and doesn’t start when Steve touches his shoulder.
"Steve,” this time, Toy almost whimpers.
“They might be little right now, but they remember--”
"Then what is it?"
“I already did.”
“Absolutely. Enjoy your lunch, boys,” she says, and leaves with a wink at Tony behind Steve’s back.
"Surprise!" Bruce says, and Tony finally opens his eyes again, sending him a small but genuine smile.
“Don’t you wanna hear our baby say her first word?”
Summer of Stony prompt #28: “This was a good idea.”
*-*-*-*-*-*
“Every last one of us. The Howling Commandoes still have a handful of members from the old days. He’s after them, and anyone related to those not around anymore. I’ve got a target on my back because of Erskine, and,” the Captain pauses, eyes dark and focused, “we think you might have one too.”
“I know you don’t like the plan–”
“I’ll buy you a plane.”
“That was just… that was so fucking stupid!”
"Right... I, uh, I get this... thing here," he taps his chest with a finger, "when I see him? Even when he was, like, half our size-- and I... I think about who he is, y’know? And he's the nicest guy I've ever met--"
“Thank you.”
“I’m Dr. Rogers. Do you know where you are?”
“Hmm?”
“Yeah, well he literally knocked me off my feet. Took my breath away, and all that.”
Their daughter grins, all gums and dimpled cheeks. “....
“Better,” Steve whispers, a delicious looking smirk now settled firmly on his face. “And just so you know, I plan on returning the favor.”
– I can’t hear you, Pepper pot.”
“I bet the coffee’s ready too.”
,” Tony mutters, and leans over-- how he doesn’t fall off the tiny chair, Steve has no idea-- to kiss her hair. “You’re giving me cavities.”
“You hungry?”
“Spent the whole mornin’ training new agents,” Steve replies.
,” says the bundle in his arms, and Tony looks down to see their baby making grabby hands at Steve.
“I was looking for your Christmas present!” Steve says loudly, and the words hit Tony like blows.
is the very definition of hole-in-the-wall, sandwiched between a shady-looking delicatessen and a cluttered little dollar store, but the first time Tony’d gone past its vibrantly decorated sign and windows filled with stacked up pet-pens, it’d caught his attention.
“Jesus Christ, I’m embarrassed just standing next to you.”
“Wh--now?”
He always gets one of us to do it.
“Tony,” Steve jostles him gently. “It won’t be just this, right?”
“Papa wants to let her do things in her own time,” Steve chuckles.
“I’m the fun dad, obviously. You’re boring one, honey pie. Sorry,” Tony shrugs, rocking the miniaturized baby carrier in front of them. “I wonder who this one’ll take after.”
“I was wonderin’ how long it’d take you all to get back out here.”
“I love you,” he gasps-- after minutes, hours, he doesn’t know long it’s been, doesn’t
“It’s been two days,” Tony says.
“Not really, Stark.”
“You’re insane.”
“You were talking in your sleep,” Steve says.
“You could buy your mom souvenirs from London and Spain, and Mexico and Japan and Istanbul. Or some designer shit from all over Paris. Don’t tell me you wouldn’t fucking kill for that.”
“Don’t you fucking dare follow me, Rogers!”
Clint chokes on a kernel, and Sam almost falls off his chair as he doubles over.
“Come on,” Steve says gently. Tony mumbles something he won’t remember in the morning, but feels his eyes drooping further and further by the second, and when his head touches the soft cushion on one end of the sofa, the last thing he registers is his own sigh of content, and warm, familiar fingers running through his hair.
When Tony hears it, he spills his hot, scalding coffee across the table.
“Not money, no, maybe. But it’ll be good to have friends in high places, Steve-o, and you’ll be up there in the highest of ‘em.”
But Coulson just smirks ruefully. “She does. And then some.”
Pepper scoffs. “You can’t afford it.”
When Steve’s hand moves to cover his over the gear stick, Tony lets himself hope a little bit more.
"Peachy," he says, and the brunet gives him a thumbs up before putting his head on the pillow, right next to Steve.
“Nice of you two to join us,” Rhodey calls out, and sitting beside him, Pepper grins into the mug in her hands.
“N--” Peter starts, but then snaps his mouth shut when the words seem to register, and his eyes-- big and brown like Tony’s-- widen in distress. “Fwiends?”
“Y’want eggnog?” Steve whispers into his ear as they settle into the last of the empty seats.
Warnings: NONE.
“How ‘bout
Both of them look up at the new voice, Tony making grabby hands as the burly, suited man standing at the window. “Come to take me home, Happy?”
“I don’t need a plane.”
“You can’t buy a waterfall, Tony.”
- - - - - - - - - -
“Sure I do.”
“How’s it going?”
“Bring it, hon.”
“Me too,” he breathes, and can’t keep his eyes from running over Steve’s body in that uniform. “Rockin’ those tights, tiger.”
“Help me put her in bed and I’ll show you dirty.”
"Kiss me."
Tony knows there’s no use arguing.
Tony nods, eyes softening as he bites his reddened lip.
“Mom, there’s...” Tony glances over at Steve. “There’s someone you, uh, should probably meet.”
“I know.” Steve sits up slowly, and then reaches out a hand to cup Tony’s cheek. “You s-sure you’re okay?”
God, he’s
“Thought so,” Steve chuckles, then climbs over Tony until he’s straddling him. “But first...”
“Because if you think any of us would ever just stand there and let anyone hurt you–”
“Really?” Steve hums. “‘Cause I have it on very good authority that the great Tony Stark does have one or two things he’s a bit of a sucker for.” He tightens his hold on Tony’s waist until their chests are fully pressed together.
“Yeah, thank
“Well, guess what? He’s mine too, so I’m looking forward to hearing all about that,” Mr. Rogers keeps smiling as Peter toddles off, and then turns those baby blues on Tony as he straightens back up and holds out his hand. “Mr. Stark, I take it?”
“So very big.”
Warnings: NONE.
Tony tries not to stare, he really does. God, he want to lick those arms.
“No!”
“Kinda funny.”
“Did we, y’know,” Tony waggles his eyebrows, “do anything?”
“Pep, at this point, it’s a bit obvious that I’m not ignoring everything—”
“Oh god–”
“I know they’re just dreams. We’ve never even… talked about anything like that, but it just– it happened once, and then again, and… yeah…”
“Shut up and help me get him to bed, Jesus Christ,” Tony mutters, opening his eyes to send a weak, sleepy glare at the blond. “I should make you deal with all of ‘em tomorrow.”
Steve looks wrecked. “Hmmmwhat?”
“I do.”
“I thought…” Steve shrugs, and Tony just hums fondly.
“Um, hi,” Big, Blond and Beautiful says, and to Tony’s horror, he feels his knees buckle when the man smiles softly.
“What?”
“That’s right,” Natasha says, and Tony feels her smile into his shoulder.
But this kiss is slow and soft, sweet in a way that never fails to make Steve feel like they're almost glowing with love. It's less intense than what they’d been doing up to that point, but all the more meaningful because of it.
“Um,” he finally stutters, after what feels like hours of the two of them staring at each other.
“So… Steve Rogers, you’ve got my heart, you’ve got every little, broken piece of me. Wanna get hitched?”
Steve loses it.
Until he turns the corner and almost stops breathing.
“You wouldn’t.”
“No, I said
“Can I ask you something?”
“Tony, we just left the reception ten minutes ago.”
Steve’s voice is low and quiet, as soft as the world around them right now. “She’s not
Which is why she just rolls her eyes when James appears behind the back of the couch and drops matching Santa hats on their tiny heads. “
Pepper gives him her most scathing glare. “At least let me freshen up,” she says, and doesn’t wait for a response before leaving the room.
“I’ll show you cocky,” Steve growls, and a second later, flips them over until he has Tony beneath him.
Steve looks at him over his shoulder. “Are you?” he says, and the weariness in his voice is the last straw.
“Cuddle?”
“Don’t bet on it, beak face,” he finally says. “I’ve seen a lot worse of myself without even bating an eyelash.”
“Maybe they’re not as good as you think they are,” Tony shoots back, even as he takes another bite a second later. “Goddamn it,” he ends up grumbling in between chews, however. “They’re perfect.
“You gave me a home. I couldn’t ask for a better present.”
“Don’t give me that face, Red,” Tony tells her. “Captain’s orders.”
“Lyla.”
, the children are still right there. He definitely shouldn’t be so aroused by his little brother’s best friend’s brother-- who he’s just met, no less. “I’m Steve. Steve Rogers.”
And everything else fades away.
Total bullshit, sunshine. You’re about the farthest thing from boring.
“And me,” Steve says.
Warnings: NONE.
“Have you asked her?”
Steve bows his head, and then looks up at Tony from beneath long, gorgeous lashes. “You don't even know me.”
“I wasn’t
Steve puts a warm hand over Tony’s mouth. “Come on, just this once,” he says. “And I’ll never bother you again. We can take hot chocolate and a blanket, yeah? It won’t take long, but we need to go now. Please?”
“Well, I wouldn’t want that, so I’ll try not to.”
“I’d have been fine with just a room, y’know,” Steve continues, sliding the plate full of bread between them. “What am I supposed to do with all that space?”
Tony laughs down at his screen, and the smile doesn’t leave his face the whole way home.
“Fuck yeah.”
---------
“You smell nice.”
“‘Cause I can’t think of anything better than marryin’ you, baby.”
, in a way that he's never been with anyone else-- Pepper included-- and Tony would probably be more annoyed too, if Steve wasn't just as smitten. As it is, the sight of Jarvis and Steve cuddling on the blond's couch makes his heart pathetically skip more than a few beats.
“Why’m I still on this?” Tony asks once they’re inside. He tries not to focus on everything passing by because he feels a lot better than he did earlier, but his head’s still trying its damnedest to make him think the world’s spinning.
