“We already have television on the agenda, Coulson.” He holds a hand up to stop the man from talking. “Christ. I’m not a Luddite, or Jack Warner. I mean why Captain America?”
sounds too Harlequin even in his own mind, but there’s no other word for how big and thick Steve is, the rush of blood turning the thin skin nearly purple and the fat head pearling with liquid.  Tony’s never seen someone leak like this, wet and messy and gorgeous. He gathers the moisture on his tongue, rolls it over a few times and swallows.  Steve doesn’t even taste bad. Figures.
But perhaps it is a small comfort to know that Steve Rogers is only two steps behind him, should he ever change his mind.
“May I take a moment?”  Steve asks, waiting for permission before going to the double doors leading out to the stone patio.
“Oh, god no,” Tony laughs.  “I don’t make Pepper cook.  She’d kill me.  And frankly, it wouldn’t be worth it, cause she’s absolutely terrible at it.  She’s ordering in from somewhere.  Just come down at seven.”
Steve’s body seems to radiate heat when they’re close like this; his skin is warm to the touch and Tony wants to get his greedy hands on more of it.  He rucks up Steve’s tee, sliding his palms over the ridges of Steve’s carved muscles.  The sensation makes Tony shiver, like the first time he ran his hands over the curve of a classic car or held the Iron Man helmet in his hands.
Steve stands there stupidly as Tony casually cleans them both off, first Steve’s cock and then between his own legs. He tosses the towel to the ground with Steve’s forgotten bed sheet when he’s done, and then reaches for Steve again.
Tony is overcome with indecision, his mind racing to play out possible outcomes. He should be decent and let Steve leave. They can’t be together and it’s cruel to drag this out any further and hurt Steve more while punishing himself.
I won’t understand?”
“I did see a story in the gossip rags this morning about Steve Rogers, did you happen to catch it?”
When Tony had suggested it, he’d assumed that it would be a team outing, but it’s just him and Tony, on his birthday.  It’s the best gift he could have received, even if it meant enduring Tony’s endless ribbing about sharing a birthday with the nation.  It had taken him tracking down his original birth certificate in some World War II archive before Tony believed he’d really been born on that date and it wasn’t just propaganda.
“Hitchcock night.”
She licks the rest of the yogurt from her spoon before bothering to reply.  He tosses the magazine onto the counter beside her, going about his business as if unexpectedly finding a highly trained assassin in his kitchen at ten a.m. isn’t the slightest bit jarring.
“I’ve been to Paris many a time, Cap, so I’ll tell you that this Mini-Me pales in comparison,” Tony retorts when he says as much.  “Someday we’ll go and you can see for yourself.”
“Then go say hi.”
This is how he knows that sending him after Steven Grant Rogers is a decision that has cost Pierce some favor amongst the upper echelons of HYDRA.
There are memories, memories that might be his own and might not.  They don’t involve the man on the bridge, and somehow they
“I’ve been trying to…well, it’s just that whenever I see something new in the city that I like, I draw it.”
Nothing happens.
When the bombshell redhead had opened Steve’s door, Tony had assumed her to be the roommate’s gal, but what he’d seen in Steve’s bedroom made him wonder if Steve and Bucky shared more than a mere apartment. He’s jealous already; wanting to stake a claim he has no right to make.
Tony grabs his pillow from beside Steve’s head and wordlessly instructs Steve to lift his hips. He slides the pillow underneath Steve’s body and then parts his thighs, settling back between them.
“Bruce said you were tough as nails.  I think even that’s an underestimation.”
“It should be easy for me to do, I just gotta get a better set of tools, maybe a new tube if the old one’s leaking, pop off the-“
“Yeah, not even Jarvis is here anymore, just lil’ ol’ me, Charles Foster Kane in his hall of mirrors.” Tony goes to the bar and starts mixing two more drinks. He wishes he could ring for champagne, but again—just him. “This is a reason to celebrate. A toast to the happy couple!”
Bucky climbs off the sofa and crosses the cramped room in a few wide paces, giving Steve the cigarette. He clamps his hand over Steve’s shoulder for a moment before passing toward the kitchen.
“We can’t stay in here forever, you know,” Steve comments, poking holes in Tony’s happiness, right where the weakest spots are.  Tony knows he’s right but he’s not that eager to test it out. “I’m not going to change my mind once we leave the apartment, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
“Where are you staying, soldier boy?”
“Wow, Stark, any excuse,” Sam says as he stumbles blearily from the co-pilot seat and down toward the exit ramp.  He pauses to inadvisably kick at Bruce’s cot, startling him awake.  Tony looks up at Steve, expecting to find him blushing over the taunt, but Steve only wraps a hand in the loose material of the front of his sweatshirt and hauls him upward.
“The old family abode, la Casa de Stark, le Maison du Mssrs Moneybags of generations past…Fury says the rest of our wayward compatriots are finally back stateside after their super top secret hush-hush government-sanctioned gallivanting around the globe.  Since this tower is pretty much still an empty husk above floor fifty, I’ve offered the mansion up as a temporary crash pad.  You’re welcome to be anti-social and stay here, but just know that if that’s what you choose, I will text you incessantly with minute-by-minute updates of all the incredibly tense and/or thoroughly awkward ‘fun’ that living with both Widow and Cap will surely provide.”
, Steve repeats inwardly as he tosses the tomatoes into a frying pan. They sizzle as they hit the olive oil.
It’s odd, his former girl and his bodyguard getting hitched, but Tony thinks it should feel worse than it actually does. Ninety percent of the time he’s thoroughly thrilled about the match. It’s just late at night when he’s both alone and lonely that he feels the pang of regret and the sting of jealousy.
For once, he’s not carefully put together, not smoothed over or pressed and proper, and all can Tony can think is how much he wants to pull Steve close and demolish every last vestige of decorum.
over it.”
“Can you catch up to their helicopter?”  Tony turns to Thor, whose frown is deep and his usually joyful eyes sad.
“I came up shortly after you did, but you were sleeping,” Tony replies simply.  If he’d picked up on Steve’s nightmare, he’s kind enough not to bring it up.  “I had some work to catch up on.”
“I could at least read the script.” Steve shrugs, his smile turning a little sly. “See if it’s worth all this fuss you’re making.”
“I do.”
“You’re making it sound so tawdry.” Steve turns from where he’s digging through his chest of drawers for a clean undershirt.
“Yeah, it is.”  Steve agrees softly.  Maybe Clint and Bucky should talk.  Besides Natasha, Clint’s probably the only one who could understand how his best friend feels these days.
"Courting?” Tony starts, slapping Steve’s elbow.  “Cap, I will pay good money to witness you courting
“I’m sorry, did we not share the same childhood?”  Bucky pretends confusion.  “Sister Mary Constance was in league with the devil.”
Without the studio lights on and the entire cast and crew present, the soundstage tends to be cooler than outside. The facility’s ceiling is so high and the room so cavernous and empty that when he first arrives in the morning, it can actually be downright chilly. But by one in the afternoon, the sun has warmed the metal roof and walls, and the heat of the day has seeped in enough to make the air seem stale and oppressive.
Steve quickly forces a laugh, though it comes out strangled and strange.
, Tony.”
The elevator ride down to the main floor is tense.  Steve stands a good two paces in front of Natasha, focusing his concentration on the lighted numbers counting their way down to the lobby.
how it goes when these East Coast moneybags roll into town, Steve. They have no creativity, no inspiration, no idea how to make a decent picture. They just want a piece of the Hollywood pie and to see their name up on the big screen so they can brag to the young broads they want to trick into replacing their old wives. They got no idea how to be actual producers, all they do is get in the way.”
*******
“I don’t give a shit about the stupid movie. Forget it. Cancel it all. I’m settling this with Borson and then I’m done with this bullshit town and its bullshit people.”
“Yet you did it anyway.”
“Who is this, playing now?” Clint is asking.  Everyone is quiet for a moment as they listen to what’s playing over the speakers.
“You were,” Bucky smiles softly, but then he spots something over Steve’s shoulder and the smile falls abruptly, his face turning hard.  Steve turns his head to look, concerned.
He lets Tony sleep.
She looks up from her laptop and gives him a grateful smile when he slides the glass onto the coffee table beside her heavy binder of governmental regulations.
“Tony.  I meant think about it away from the computer.”
Tony moves past a bank of trees and out onto another plaza.  Steve recognizes the place immediately, the Bethesda Fountain and its Angel of the Waters having been here nearly as long as the park itself.  His mother used to tell him how she symbolized the bringing of pure water to the city, ending the prevalence of cholera epidemics.
“I don’t…ok, look.” Tony’s hands reach out for Steve of their own volition and Steve pulls himself back. Tony backs off, shaking his head. “Look, it’s…If we get discovered, I’ll be fine. I can make it fine. For me. But even with all my money, I can’t make it fine for you. Look at all the press, the attention you’re getting just when they think you’re Jan’s new boy toy. Can you
“God, yeah, put it in,” Tony demands. “Wanna feel all of you.”
“I’m going to be poaching talent all over town, Pep. That’s the way this works. We’re gonna have to get used to a few ruffled feathers now and again.” Tony shrugs to himself. Ross could thunder until he's red in the face, it makes not the slightest difference to him. He gets the sense that not many people actually like the cigar-chomping blowhard anyway, and the last two pictures he produced wildly underperformed. There are worse people to upset.
“Sure, it’ll keep.” Bucky masks his disappointment as best he can.
A week ago he might have dared to call her his only real friend.
He actually hates lavender, but he doesn’t think he’s ever bothered to tell her that.  Someday when she’s not three seconds from leaving him he’ll bring that up.
- one of the few television shows worth anyone’s time – and even then, Tony started to re-consider the sci-fi drama’s merits.  After all, the stuff with Kara, at the end…?
Tony slides his hand up to meet his mouth, stroking up as he slips down. Steve’s cock twitches against Tony’s tongue, and Tony pulls off to catch a small pulse of liquid that spills from Steve’s tip. Tony has his free hand on Steve’s chest, stuffed up underneath his still-buttoned shirt and tight undershirt, and he feels all the muscles tense up under his palm.
“But you
“Rogers.  Steve Rogers.”  Steve corrects.  Tony snorts.
Tony pretends to contemplate this.
He’d touched and he’d kissed them, but he hadn’t asked about the scars that cover Tony’s chest, the ones that make his skin look like glass someone hit dead center, sending cracks spidering out in every direction. He doesn’t need the full story to guess that Tony has experienced some awful things in his own life.
Not that he wants that to happen.  It was just an observation.  And if he watches a single bead of water slide delicately from Steve’s sharp collarbone down the defined lines of his chest and stomach, it’s just because…
*******
“Like Bruce is going to save you?” She asks and Clint slumps in his seat.
“You still can,” Steve whispers, resting their foreheads together as he struggles to catch his breath. His hands fumble with Tony’s belt. Tony’s reaching for Steve’s pants before he can even consider the repercussions.
“I want it. Need him.”
“I haven’t done a nude portrait of Tony,” He manages to say without sounding ridiculously defensive, looking around the room at everyone and hoping they believe him.  “I really
at him too long.”
They come to a stop at a heavy metal door and Natasha punches in an elaborate key code that makes the lock switch from red to green.  Tony has no idea what they’re doing or where they’re going, but he hasn’t known since Natasha met him outside his unpleasant six o’clock meeting with Maria Hill and he keeps following her lead anyway.
“What do you want?”  Tony keeps his voice soft, needing it all but not wanting to assume.  Steve lifts his head from the pillow, looking down the length of his body as Tony continues to learn the lines and planes of his muscles.
is probably not the right word for it, its connotation far too romantic, but it’s the word that comes to mind all the same.
“Don’t you ever worry about the company,” Pepper kindly interjects, shaking her head.  “Tony’s bounced back from
“I let out the Other Guy all on my own,
“Oh.  Good." Steve stands, looks down at his own clothes and finds them surprisingly unrumpled.  Tony seems to read his thoughts.
“Heard a rumor you’d rejoined the land of the living.”  Tony saunters to the foot of the hospital bed, his smile tight and forced.  The other man’s shirts are layered thick enough that Steve can’t see the light of the arc reactor at all; Steve really doesn’t like that.  “Good to see you, Cap.”
“My what?”
“I’m merely presenting strong evidence that
Now he finds himself off-kilter surrounded by oppressive skyscrapers, claustrophobic in the unceasing, unyielding crowds.  Sometimes he feels like the clouds above are going to implode, that the buildings will shatter and every person will cling to him, suffocate him or tear him to pieces in their own desperate attempts to survive.
Tony supposes that’s answer enough.
“And the only way I could fix it would be if you let me provide entirely for you so you wouldn’t have to worry about work –” Tony holds up a finger to cut off Steve’s predictable protest. “And I
“Yeah, and all that,” Steve smiles at Tony’s blasé description of the great outdoors.  Tony looks straight out across the mountains, the corner of his mouth curving upward.
Tony sinks back to the floor, stretching out beside Steve just as he would have if they were lounging comfortably in bed. It’s ridiculous, and he would stay here forever.  He tangles their legs together, puts his palm over Steve’s broad chest, and rests his chin on the curve of Steve’s shoulder. He traces the tip of his finger down Steve’s jawline, studying his handsome profile. He wonders what’s going through Steve’s head now, in these moments after, when the rush of lust is subsiding.
, something he’s sure Natasha’s responsible for, and Tony moves it to the top of the pile, only wishing he could be there to see Steve’s face as someone explained a dom/sub relationship to him.
“Oh. Well.  Bruce demanded we shut down for the night and do something besides work on our little mind re-arranger.  So, they’re out somewhere, ‘taking the night off’.  You know, he gets his girl back and suddenly loses his work ethic.”  He rolls his eyes, preparing another tirade about how close they were to cracking the Barnes problem wide open, when he suddenly realizes that none of this blathering is keeping Steve at bay.  “Hey – how did you get the codes to get in here anyway, I thought…JARVIS.”  Steve shrugs.  “Such betrayal.”
“Uh-oh, Nat’s on about the Bowery again.” Steve mumbles against Tony’s lips, causing Tony to chuckle into their kiss.
“I’ve been cleared for release, finally fit to live outside direct SHIELD supervision.  I was told there was a place for me here whenever I was ready.”   His gaze flicks toward Tony.  Tony had said that weeks ago; he’d honestly figured Barnes wasn’t going to take him up on it by this point.  He should stop trying to think he can figure out spies.
Natasha arches an eyebrow at Tony and taps the arc reactor through the fabric of his thin black tank as she passes by him.  Tony frowns at her unspoken observation.
“It’s not his fault.” Steve lifts his head, snapping a fierce look at Bucky.
“You sure seem fine.” Pepper’s tone is bone dry. She picks up Tony’s discarded phone and holds it out to him. “Call him back and call it off.”
“One of these days,” Bucky says again, the door closing quietly behind him as he leaves.
“I know you’re old, Cap, but you ain’t
“What we just did…” He shakes his head, chuckling lightly. “I don’t ever want to stop doing it.”
“You’re saying Bucky’s another version of a super soldier?”
part he played in the whole thing.  How very little he really had to do with what Captain America became.”
“Guess I should try some ‘a this soup ’fore it gets cold.”
Luckily his time with Tony had taught him a thing or two about stamina, and modern medicine has made this frail body of his far more manageable than it might have been back in the day.
“Okay, so someone schooled you on Wham! but not on
“Likewise.”
“Well, Stark, you aren’t looking so great yourself,” Steve replies, and Tony falters only a split second before laughing the comment off.  Despite knowing better, he’s still caught off guard by Rogers giving as good as he gets.  Forty plus years of imagining the man sans a smart mouth is a hard habit to break.
“Hey, Cap.” Clint is fighting back a smile, struggling to keep it in check, but he loses the battle.  Beaming, he claps a hand to Steve’s shoulder.  “Damn, it’s good to see you, man.”
“Did he suck you?” Tony murmurs before flicking his tongue out to lick the tip of Steve’s cock, then carefully trace a line around the head.
“What, so there are a few failed projects, that doesn’t mean-“
. He doesn’t owe Tony anything.
“We should’ve stopped for your shield.”  He scans the hallway for vital signs but the bodies underneath his feet are all just that – bodies.  There’s no one here to save.
He snaps his pencil in two, the top part of it bouncing to the floor. The noise of the lightweight cedar wood tinkling against cement catches Tony’s attention.
Tony rubs his face, wondering how long he’d been lost in his thoughts. The run time on those Captain America flicks was only about fifteen minutes, if he recalls. Couldn’t have been too much time inside his own head.
’s nose, frowning. Tony rolls his eyes at his best friend as he ducks out from underneath the plane, wiping his greasy hands on a rag.
Tony slips his hand slowly over Steve’s stomach to the elastic band of his boxers, fingertips daring to dip underneath and follow the faint trail of hair downward. Steve’s hips aren’t as wide now but they’re just as sharp, his body strangely muscular in the sense that he’s so thin that Tony can see and feel every angle and cut of sinew and bone under his pale skin.
Beckett reminds him of Peggy, and since Steve had announced this with a proud smile rather than a sad look of regret, Tony figures the television show must be doing him some good.  Tony even deigned to sit down and watch it with him once or twice as Steve marathoned his way through five seasons.  Steve really is picking up some quite modern habits, binge-watching first among them.
“I like you wearing my clothes,” Tony whispers, fingers sliding underneath Steve’s borrowed tee. He can feel the ridges of Steve’s rib cage, the way his stomach concaves as he sucks in a sharp breath. “I like that when I mark you now, it stays there for days.” He tugs down the crew neck collar of the t-shirt and his lips find the bruise on Steve’s collarbone that he’d made days ago. “I like that you’re mine and everyone knows it.”
Part of him wants to ask why.  Tony had expected Steve to be at SHIELD HQ every damn day, absolutely refusing to leave until he was allowed to see his friend.  He figured Steve would be an obstinate and determined pain in Fury’s ass until the man relented and granted Steve access against Barnes’ wishes.
“Oh, because it looked like you were sunbathing.”
With his father being who he was, Tony had grown up in the presence of some of the world’s most powerful men. It takes more than Melanie Wilkes to wow him.
“She was actually quite intelligent.”
She peers up at him over the top of her glasses, unamused.
“Cap and b-b-Bucky?” He clutches the counter top, nails digging in. His imagination and his libido
“What can I say, Tony, I like spending time with people who like spending time with me.”  Steve leans forward, grabbing another slice.
“Sam-“
The sets are shoddy, the acting atrocious, and half the footage is marred by a hair in the gate, the ragged black line twitching at the top edge of the frame.
“What.”
Tony eyes the damage, hand going to the back of his head where Steve had just been checking for injury.
“Yeah…that sounds right.”
“Gossip is gossip, whether it’s the truth or lies.”
He pushes open the heavy metal stage door, pausing to blink into the bright afternoon sunlight. It’s hot, and he immediately begins to sweat into the tweed blazer and crisply starched button-down of his costume. His trailer is going to be a hot box.
Tony has no doubt at all that Barnes means it.  The rest of the room remains silent as Tony’s gaze sweeps over the other man’s face, the tic of his jaw tightening as he steps back, leans against the opposite side of the doorway.  He’s thinking now of what Steve told him about Bucky turning his back on him for the very first time.
gesture with his right hand. Tony makes a face at him, still reluctant. “You know it’s gonna come down to talkin’ to either me or Pepper – you really want to discuss this, whatever this is, with her?”
have come back upstairs and realized you and your old-but-new best buddy were still talking, and perhaps hovered for a moment until I was sure I would no longer be interrupting.  I was actually being thoughtful.”
“I’ll shower after you shave, Grizzly Adams.”
“So am I.” He retorts, but then really does offer a thoughtful answer.  “No, really, I can’t say as I miss it.  Sometimes I still wake up and thinking it’s supposed to be there, panic when it’s not, but overall it feels good to have my heart back in one piece.  I mean, having the RT nearly killed me more than once.”
“Steve was just on his way out.  Pepper, would you mind walking him down?”  Tony bats his eyelashes once at her, looking as innocent as possible.  Pepper and Steve both look at him with surprisingly similar expressions that call bullshit.
“Tony, Happy’s this way.”  Pepper takes him gently by the elbow and re-directs him toward the Town Car waiting just past the restaurant.  Steve hadn’t even noticed it when he came outside, which makes him uneasy regarding the state of his own mind.
Steve steps out onto the red carpet under an absolute onslaught of bright lights and deafening noise. The car door falls closed behind him, and with it his last means of escape. He’s in this now. Flash bulbs pop and reporters shout, and he clings more tightly to Wanda as she gracefully sashays under the brand-new marquee. Where only last month it had read Spencer Tracy and James Stewart in
He thoroughly enjoys the look on Tony’s face when he gets dealed in on a game and proceeds to double his stack in short order.  He cashes them in, hands Tony his seed money and pockets the rest, mainly just to get Tony’s goat.
Steve doesn’t fully wake, slipping back asleep with a deep exhale, so Tony takes a seat at the far end of the couch, lifting up Steve’s feet and placing them in his lap. Fiorello lets out a disgruntled yowl and scampers away in displeasure.  Tony curves a hand gently around Steve’s ankle, thumb rubbing small circles against his skin.
As Bruce makes nice with the new kid, Natasha grips Tony’s elbow a little too firmly and pulls him aside.
Tony Stark, the king of misanthropic adventures, weekend benders, and thoughtless disappearing acts had been:  One, more anxious than anyone else about Steve.  Two, so driven in his attempts to track Steve down that he never stopped to think why.  And three, so rushed to find him that he has no plan for what to do when met with success.
“Why am I here, Tony?” Something in the way Steve says his name gives him away; it’s in that last syllable, soft and plaintive and a little bit wounded. Tony can hear it so clearly and it makes his heart ache.
“You’re still angry with me.”  It’s not a question, because Natasha doesn’t do that, doesn’t approach a situation unsure and fumble her way around.  She has a point and she’ll make it.  “I wouldn’t change what I did.  I could’ve been mistaken.  We might’ve been unable to bring him in.  If you’d known, you might have had to hunt down and kill your own best friend.  I didn’t want that for you.”
They’d spent the evening at Citifield watching the Mets get solidly beaten, but Steve could hardly bring himself to care.  It’s the first ball game he’s been to since he’s been back and he’s relieved to discover there’s still something inherently timeless about the game.  The new stadium replaced the old one recently, which makes Steve laugh, as the “old” one, Shea Stadium, hadn’t even been built until nearly two decades after he went under.
“Exactly how are you going to do that, Rogers?  It’s 3000 miles. You can’t exactly ride bitch with Iron Man, and I don’t have a passenger seat.”
“Sorry, Pepper.  We really didn’t mean to wake you.”
“Mr. Stark—”
Tony blinks at him owlishly, then nearly busts his gut laughing. It’s enough to draw some attention from the surrounding tables, but Steve doesn’t care.
“Stay like that,” Bucky mumbles into Tony’s ear, and starts rolling his own hips. He’s not going to fuck Tony, Tony knows he would’ve asked permission and carefully opened him up for that. But his cock rubs and catches against Tony’s entrance as Bucky thrusts forward and up. His movements are small and they rock Tony into Steve, gentle but insistent.
“You’re a jerk.”
Steve stirs to the sound of hushed voices just outside his doorway. He lifts his head from his pillow, blinking enough sleep from his eyes to notice that the door he’d firmly closed before falling into bed is now ajar. He glances at the clock on his nightstand, and realizes he's been asleep for going on three hours.
“I’ve always been like this, in my head,” Steve responds, deciding not to let anything ruin the moment. He resists Bucky’s instinct to pull away, tightening his hold on his hand and pulling him back in closer. Bucky doesn’t really resist, closing his eyes as Steve runs his other hand gently through Bucky’s hair. “Tony just made me feel all right with saying it. With saying what it is I want, with being who I am.”
His blue eyes are narrowed against the bright reflection off the ocean, his pale cheeks warming pink in the afternoon sun. The wind gently caresses his blonde hair, strands kissing his forehead.
Steve stands in the center of his living room for too long a time.  He had been looking forward to this, but not
“Is everything all right?  I didn’t get a call from Director Fury.”  Steve is already near full alertness and his tone is brimming with concern.  Tony could guarantee that if someone had woken
“Doesn’t sound very interesting.”
“Technically, you’re an engineer,” he counters, pointing at him.
Bruce is clearly getting too comfortable here.
“You are being ridiculously defensive.”
“You think I’m being overdramatic but I’m actually making an astute prediction of the months to come. Tony Stark’s gonna mess with our livelihood – hell, our
Tony’s mood lifts when they pass the Bellagio, his dark eyes dancing with the reflected light from the fountains.  He grabs Steve by the hand and hurriedly pulls him into the lobby of the grand hotel.
“I love the way you say my name.” Tony mouths along his jaw, down his throat. “I want to hear you scream it.” Steve pulls at Tony’s tie, brings him back to his lips. Tony’s eager hands are already untucking Steve’s shirt; when Tony’s fingers touch his bare skin, Steve groans.
, Nat, it’s not
Steve shifts awkwardly in front of him, avoiding his look.
“I think you two need to talk.  And I think you need to pack up anything you have here that’s yours and get back into the tower permanently.  No more running away.”
“Cap, if New York is the city that never sleeps, Vegas is the city that dropped acid and hasn’t realized it’s been awake and staggering the streets for three days.”  He takes his own tie completely off, but then walks to Steve and reaches to tighten his tie.  He smoothes the fabric down the center of Steve’s chest, hand running down and back up.  Steve’s breath catches a little.  “Every place is open, and there’s any kind of food you could want.  So name it, we’ll find it.”
Tony’s head snaps up from his phone, where he had just declined call #5 from Barnes. Pepper stares at him from across the cabin of the plane. Her eyes are narrowed in suspicion and, if he’s not mistaken, pre-loaded with judgment.
“Huh.”  Tony takes a moment to consider.  “For
“You do?”
“Hey, hey,” Tony says soothingly, picking up on the undercurrent of desperation in Steve’s actions. He tries to pull back a little so that they can look at one another, but Steve hangs on to him tightly, keeping him close. “What’s goin’ on?”
“He knows you’re here.”  Clint states, apropos of nothing, as the elevator doors smoothly open and he leads the way inside.  He swipes a card, punches in a security code and grabs Steve’s hand, pressing his thumb to a small scanner.  Then Clint hits the button for floor fifty-eight.   “He’s in the lab with Banner and Dr. Ross.  They’ve been working with some of the top neuroscientists to try and defrag your friend’s mind.  That’s a hell of a thing.”
As Tony steps out of his clothes and climbs onto the bed, Bucky slides his hand down between Steve’s legs, a single finger pushing in.  These two are all action and no talk, which surprises Tony quite a bit even though it makes sense in retrospect, all things considered. Secret relationships conducted in wartime probably weren’t conducive to long chats and extended interludes. Their circumstances have changed considerably now, but Tony supposes habits are habits.
*******
before those doors open.
After a couple of glasses of wine, she can be downright
“You’re not in Aspen, Tony.”  Pepper greets him when he calls, her tone flat.
, just underground, like I said.  They tore the old building down in ’63, built this monstrosity instead.  You should see how bad it is during the day – at night, all lit up like right now, it actually looks kind of okay.”
“You should see this place when it snows.”
The demigod brings him back to the others and deposits him gently onto the cracked floor. Together they stand and stare over the city from the gaping hole in the side of SHIELD’s headquarters.
When he slowly opens his eyes again, Tony is standing at the opposite end of the window, pulling back the curtains to peer outside.
“I’m going with you,” Steve announces needlessly, like Tony didn’t know he’d insist.
“Loki. They call
He hadn’t meant to say that, but he did, and now Steve has this strange expression on his face.
“A lot of people don’t want Stark in town, you know, and there are even more who want the Stark name back in weapons production where it belongs.” A lock of his black hair falls down across Loki’s forehead as he tilts his head, and he off-handedly pushes it back. “They would all pay a pretty penny to drive him back to his war toys.”
Then he goes to the window, pulling down on the slats of the blinds and surveying the parking lot below. The day is blindingly sunny, the sky a cloudless blue, and Tony’s already growing tired of this endless summer. He wants weather to match his mood, but Los Angeles never seems to change.
before you even existed, you fucking fucker.”
“Are you sure?” Pepper asks softly. “It’s your father’s –”
.  He was at SHIELD with Tony.  “Tony…Is Tony okay?”
“Good to see you back, Tony.”  Steve says, his face lit up and his smile soft and easy.  He looks at Tony like he really is glad to see him, and Tony goes back to drinking his coffee, swallowing down his urge toward violence with it.
His answering nod is stiff, and his walk from the room is stilted. Steve’s not quite sure how to do this, this whole…morning after thing. He’s pretty damn positive that waking up shaking from a nightmare isn’t a good way to start off, but from there on he has no idea. Is he supposed to stay for breakfast or was Tony just being polite, counting on him to play his part, to know better than to take the invitation at face value? Should he shower and slip out with a quick good-bye, or should he try and make this last longer? Should he ask Tony if they could see each other again?
“People today pay good money to crush digital candy and raise make-believe animals on virtual farms, Stevie. I think good sense is a thing of the past.”
“It’s nothing, just a business card.” Steve holds it up between two fingers, meaning to show it as nothing at all important. He didn’t expect Darcy to snatch it from his grasp, though he probably should have.
Not that he would
“Did you and Sue at least have a good time?” Pepper asks as she busies herself with picking up Tony’s crumpled tuxedo from the floor.
“No, Tony.”
you would never agree to that.”
The Winter Soldier might have helped. He could have stepped in.
, from start to finish. Leave nothing out.”
Steve kisses all the way down to Tony’s hips, his legs, his feet, with his hands following slowly after the path of his mouth. It feels like worship and Tony knows he’s been forgiven for earlier tonight, for leaving Steve alone when he should have been there.
Tony watches silently as Happy circles the car around – Steve assiduously looking anywhere but out the window at Tony – then starts back toward downtown. As the car rounds the last curve of the driveway and the taillights disappear, Tony’s legs give. He simply sinks to the ground.
Natasha slips by him into the backseat, but the thought of spending a fraught car ride uptown makes Steve hesitate in following.
“He’s in Washington, Tony, and no, we cannot go there tonight.”  Pepper doesn’t turn around to look at him from her place in the front passenger seat.  She murmurs something to Happy, something like
From behind them comes a loud clatter. Lensherr has thrown the slate down on the ground, two broken pieces skittering across the hard cement. The black-and-white top of the clapper skids to a stop a step away from Steve’s left foot.
He looks around slowly, almost like he’s sizing everyone up and gauging the overall mood.  Steve hates how wary Bucky remains, identifying threats and exit routes in every room he enters.  He hates that he can’t do anything to make it better, because he and Bucky still feel all jumbled and strange and awkward in a way Steve never dreamed possible.  It’s only gotten worse since he’d officially began dating Tony, like Bucky has even less of an idea how to be around him now.
“You know, when someone says they’re cold, they don’t mean ‘can we go outside where it’s even colder?’”  Tony joins him a short while later, wrapped up in a plaid flannel blanket and overdramatically shaking.
“I will, sir.”
“I’m really fine, Steve.  Don’t worry about it.”
!”  Thor contributes, pounding his fist on the coffee table in joy, happy to have made a suggestion.  Everyone falls silent and looks at him questioningly.  He’s crestfallen over the lack of enthusiasm.  “The singing dog who wears the sunglasses?  No?”
at how attractive Steve was. He’d seen a few old black and white pictures, but the way Steve always talked disparagingly about himself left Tony unprepared for the reality.
It hardly seems to matter that Bucky came down firmly on the side of liking ladies and has been letting Natasha dance him around like a puppet for
“5…4…3…” Steve doesn’t get to one, abruptly cut off by Tony’s eager kiss.
“Just been pulling over.  Sleeping on the side of the road.”
“I know nothing ever happened between the two of you before, back then, or even after he came back. I believe you. I am not accusing you of anything, or saying I don’t trust you.” Tony attempts to choose his words carefully, a task he’s never been particularly good at the best of times.
“I’m rather used to things not going as expected,” Steve replies, looking back down at the woman in his arms. Wanda scowls at him, albeit more playfully than angrily, and flicks up the end of his tie as she steps away.
“Great. Exactly what I want to hear. Hit me with ‘em.” Tony waves both his hands forward. “Gimme.”
kidding.
, that must mean he had been smiling much less before, even if Steve had failed to take note.
“Sure.
Instinctively, Tony reaches out for him, but Steve is already getting up from his seat. He crosses the room, stopping at the side of the grand piano if only because it’s the first thing that lays in his path. Steve sets his broad hands on the polished black lid, his back to Tony.
“Well, his kid caught the bug somehow and now we’re all going to have to deal with it.”
“Where are you?” Tony demands, simultaneously directing JARVIS to track Rhodey’s signal now that it’s live.
His cock is fully hard now, and he closes his other hand around it and gives it a shaky stroke.
“Could’ve just asked, knucklehead.”  He rights the glass, eyeing the water dripping down onto the floor.  “Not that much left in there anyway.”
“You're really here?”
“God, I love being inside you,” Tony murmurs as he pushes in further, taking it slowly. He holds when he’s flush against Steve’s body, as deep as he can go. He could stay here forever. Steve always feels so good. Even when his own body is screaming at him to start thrusting, start pumping, part of him wants to remain still and watch every rise and fall of Steve’s chest, feel every flutter of muscle around his length. It’s so intimate and so damn hot that sometimes he wonders if he could come from this alone, staring and only staring at Steve until he just
Steve sighs, pushing off the railing and pulling open the screen door. He stops short inside the entryway, surprised to find Natasha sitting calmly at their kitchen table, sipping coffee and reading the paper.
“But at least you have a nice view of the stars.” Steve cuts Tony off. He tilts his head back a little to look up at the dark night sky. “Away from the city lights and smog and all of that.”
“Do you think I’m keeping phone calls from you or something? Why, exactly, would I do that?”
The pots and dishes from dinner are soaking in the sink and the empty wine bottles are on the counter. At some point, Bucky had pulled out some leftover key lime pie and a handful of forks, and now all that’s left is crumbs on a plate. It’s well past midnight and despite trying to play pinochle for the past hour, none of them are managing to keep the rules straight. While they’ve had a good time making a mess of it, Nat yawns, tosses her hand of cards to the table, and announces it’s time for her to make her way home. She's the only one sobered up between them.
Steve isn’t in the hall; he’s not in the kitchen, not the living room. Panic surges as Tony realizes Steve may have already bolted from the house entirely. He’s young and fit and it’s not as if he’s taking a leisurely stroll, stopping to appraise Tony’s collection of artwork or comment on the expensive furnishings or impressive architecture.
, because Steve can’t call him anything but
“I don’t know if I deserve you.” He brushes his mouth against Steve’s gently once, then twice, each passing sensation building up an electric charge.  “But I’m good at being selfish.”
“Tony, that's not being serious. This is your first film. You can’t cast me in the lead role simply because of
the time, I can’t stop. And when you didn’t follow through tonight, it
“Good man, good man.” Tony rises from his seat, palming the waiter a twenty-dollar bill. He winks at Steve and gestures for him to stand as well.
“Pietro!” She calls as she turns from him, that smile disappearing as quickly as it’d come. Her brother is at her side immediately, carrying her two Pomeranians, Billy and Tommy, one fluffy ball of golden brown fur happily wiggling in the crook of each arm.
“He’s not supposed to have those birds.” Sam cares nothing for Tony’s rule, and Tony keeps threatening to let Fiorello loose in their cage.
“Oh holy fuck, Steve,” Bucky gasps, every inch of his body snapping taut as Steve sucks at the head, tongue laving the sensitive tip with attention. He’s never done this with anyone but Tony, and the ways that Bucky reacts—both the similarities and the differences—are exciting.
“And you kissed back?”
if he’s kidding or not.
Steve leans forward, presses a gentle kiss to Tony’s lips.
“Sorry, you’re talking to me?”
.”  It’s all he can manage, his logic failing to get him further than that.
“So have I.”
of you schmucks can’t handle?”
This realization didn’t hit until much, much later.  He didn’t immediately comprehend that he hadn’t suddenly been willing to lay down his life for the sake of the city and for the world at large.  He hadn’t needed any reason on that grand a scale.  He’d been willing to do it for
“Still feels weird to hit a girl,” Natasha finishes for him.
alone…like Fury said, this is the hand he’s been dealt.
time?”  This question is rhetorical and JARVIS knows enough to remain silent.  “My standing invitation has been repeatedly stood up.  Next time, announce it, kay?”
“No, I’ll be happy to have it in the rearview.” Steve admits. “Lensherr has been awful and Stark hasn’t been around to rein him in. He made Wanda cry yesterday, if you can believe that.” Steve rubs his eyes, feeling tired. God, had that only been yesterday? The last two weeks have felt like a year gone by.
It’s actually very quiet on this vacant street, and the warmth of the sun makes him feel lethargic. The previous night's lack of sleep is hitting him now, and it's hitting him hard. He shouldn’t have sat down.
“That’s not what I’m doing.”
Steve is going to be the death of him, he’s sure of it.
“You did it in pen.  Bold choice.  I admire your bravado.”
“Maybe we should both be worried,” Tony admits. Bucky shrugs again, acquiescing.
It hurts that he’s made Tony feel that way, but Steve knows enough to realize that any reassurances now, Tony’s going to write off as false platitudes.  Even if they are the truth.
Pepper leans forward and kisses his cheek.  He grabs her arm, trying to keep her just a moment longer, and breathes in her familiar, comforting scent.  She deserves so much more than him but he still has a hard time letting go.
, no, he needs Steve here.  He grabs Steve’s arm and, with surprising force, yanks him back.
It’s been days since they’ve had a moment to themselves, and as threadbare an excuse that Tony has concocted, Steve almost doesn’t care that it’s dangerously transparent.
Tony hates him a little, and wants to kiss him at the same time.
is right?”
“Hey,” he murmurs back.  For a moment Steve wishes she were the kind of person who gave out hugs.  Seeing as she’s not, Natasha takes his hand and gives it a gentle squeeze.  A faint smile softens her expression considerably.
Tony shifts forward, so slightly, and just like that, his lips brush Steve’s softly.  The sensation is electric; it’s like cocaine flooding his system, an instant high that makes everything sharper and brighter, more intense.
idea.  It fills him with a kind of
“Or maybe he won’t,” Rhodey shakes his head. “Christ, you can be an asshole.”
What once was a memory slips easily into fantasy, safe yet sensual. There’s intense desire there, but it feels more like completion, something slotting into place that he’s always needed but never had, rather than something he merely
Pepper has already reached into her purse and pulled out the glass bottle. She hands it to him. He takes it gratefully.
“That’s exactly it, Tony.  It’s not about you.  Do you think Steve needs that extra baggage right now?”
“Well, Chatty Cathy, that’s the longest I’ve ever heard you speak voluntarily.  Cap, you really bring out
“Good to be back.”  Steve mistakes Clint’s other offered hand for a shake, not a fist bump, which is a new thing he’s apparently got to get his head around.  Clint gamely adjusts, chuckling as he clasps Steve’s hand firmly.  Steve looks up at the high ceiling of the Tower’s foyer as Clint leads him forward.  Here in the lobby it’s so much an office building, clinical and impersonal.  It doesn’t seem like Tony at all.  He watches the numbers above the elevator light their way down.
Tony dips his head to look out the window, surprised to see the city in the distance.   It’s lit up brilliantly against the dark night, looking downright majestic.  He hadn’t realized they were this close to arriving.  “Hey.”
“He’s really a very lovely man,” Pepper declares, taking a seat on the oversized armchair an arm’s length away.  Tony rolls his eyes and moves a pillow behind his head.    “Do you want to talk about it?”
Steve, on the other hand…well, okay, he knows exactly where Steve’s coming from, down to the day and the year and the approximate time, and he still has no clue what the hell to do with the guy.
“I meant the joke, Rogers. The joke.”
” Bucky replies, unable to keep the cutting edge from his tone, but Tony’s already walking away. He kicks one of Tony’s shopping bags as Tony leaves, the paper giving a loud and satisfying rip as he mutters to himself, furious. “I
With the amount of trauma he experienced, he should have died twice over.  He prays he never remembers all that they did to him, because the very little he does remember is already taking firm hold in nightmares.
Nearly three thousand miles away, Tony sets down his own glass of bourbon and smiles.
you bring me in on this?”
Tony gasps at the feel of cold porcelain against his naked skin, and they both laugh into each other’s mouths, surprised and breathlessly light. Tony’s hands grope his backside, urging him closer to rut their cocks together. Their laughter fades away into the steam as Steve reclaims Tony’s lips.
one.  Bet in your wildest dreams you never saw that coming.”  He forgets what he was going to say next as he realizes that he and Steve have walked right out of the gym and have somehow found themselves waiting for the elevator.  He even unthinkingly pushed the up button whilst they were talking.  Steve is unwrapping the tape from his hands.   He almost asks Steve how they got here and where they’re going but then remembers they’re going to go eat and it was his idea.
remember why he left Germany, right?” Steve asks Tony, galled at the man’s temper. Tony shrugs.
“Stark Tower,” Steve tells the cabbie and he twists in his seat to eye Steve for a moment.
?” Steve faces him, glancing at his watch. “It’s nearly one.”
“I don’t…It’s there.  Somewhere.  But I can’t get at it.” Barnes closes his eyes for a brief moment, struggling even then to try and grasp something just out of reach.  He opens his eyes to blink away tears.  “I can’t remember.”
The space is grand, with over 1,500 seats gently sloping downward to the magnificent proscenium. The house is already nearly full, so-called less famous having arrived much earlier. The walls are done up to look like limestone, with two inscribed columns on each side of the stage supporting a two-layered proscenium-arch topped by an elaborate, gold-plated sculpture at its center. An intricately decorated half-circle spreads above on the ceiling, like a mirrored sunburst. All of this decoration, meant to look like ancient Thebes, was kept over from the original 1920s architecture, now just lovingly restored to a high polish shine to welcome in the new decade.
“Ah, take a message. Tell him that I’m in a meeting with Hitch and cannot possibly be disturbed.”
“Yet if you strip away all the crazy stuff, Tony, at the core of it, it still comes down to one man being in love with two different people and that man needing to make a choice. And despite everything with Bucky, I’m actually confident that Steve would choose you.”
“Okay. Well, have her reach then. I want to meet with him. Make it dinner somewhere.” Pepper seems surprised at the suggestion. “Uh, I thought I’d keep it casual. Already enough heaviness there with my father and everything, right? Let’s not make it worse.”
The man leaves his conversation with another patron at the end of the bar and heads his way, slinging a white towel over his shoulder. He grabs Steve’s empty glass and stares at him with his one good eye, considering.
“What are you doing here, Stark?  If they sent you here to bring me in, you can tell them all to go to hell.”
“Well.  Guess I must be special.” Bucky tugs on the handcuffs with a frown, and then twists toward the door.  One of the guards is still standing there, perfectly stoic.  “Y’know, it’s kinda bullshit that they didn’t have someone in here about three seconds after you woke up.  You’ve been down for a week, I’d think Captain America waking up would be a big deal.”
And while he hasn’t known Tony long, he highly doubts that this is what Tony will want when the shine has worn off and his head has cleared. Any Stark is too good a businessman to let the bedroom interfere with the boardroom. No one at Tony’s company would be happy with a movie serial has-been in a starring role for a major motion picture.
“Amazing.”  Tony is anything but interested.  “Well, Wilson, since you’re here, may as well stay for the dime tour.”
is no longer the goal.
“I love it.”
With one swift downward motion he tugs Steve’s tie free of his collar, the sound of fabric whipping against fabric making a pleasant swish in the quiet of the living room. Steve reaches up, perhaps thinking to undress him as well, but Tony takes a step back and ducks under Steve’s arms.  Steve drops his hands from the door and turns around, going stock-still but for his eyes tracking Tony’s languorous motion as he saunters backward down the long hallway toward the bedroom.
“I was in the kitchen last night,” Steve counters, letting the
“Well you know what they say…‘If you must get in trouble, do it at the Chateau Marmont.’”
to drive away.  Rhodey.  Happy.  Steve.
“Yes.” Steve nods. “But there’s a big gap between saying something happened and saying what happened…
Tony heaves a sigh and sits up, as if it's a huge trial to look Steve up and down.
knows what you were thinking.”  Natasha rolls her eyes.  “And I don’t think tattoos would stay on his skin anyway.”
“Yeah, while he’s gone. And what about when he comes back?”
But he’s already pulling Steve back, and Steve, despite his strength and bulk, comes crashing toward him. Maybe he hadn’t been expecting Tony to try and stop him from going, because all of him is suddenly in Tony’s arms, body pressed tight along his and his mouth so close and—
it, Tony, do you think I’m in the mood for your jokes?“
“I’ll look into it.” Tony lifts his glass to her in a toast, and then downs more of his coffee. He’ll need it to get through this day. “But for right now, could you look into some aspirin, because my head is –”
He sinks back into the cushions and runs his hand over the armrest, feeling the soft fabric under his fingers.
“I could get in the middle, if you wanted. I have ways of makin’ someone talk.”
“Oh.”
He shoves all of that aside, knowing that if Tony is blown away by a mere joke, discussing Bucky and his own murky sexuality is out of the question.  He focuses back on Tony, not about to let the man change the subject.
“I’m really glad you’re here, Bucky,” Steve can’t help but say, a sudden wave of gratitude coming over him.  “Can’t tell you how much.”
“Steven…” Her voice slips easily from its low, throaty affect back into the unspecific accent of her Romani upbringing. “How do you stay so calm? Me, I am at my wit’s end.”
He remembers the first time they kiss, hot and sticky on a Fourth of July, Steve’s lips cold and tasting like cherry popsicles. He remembers when Steve’s mother dies, and when he tells Steve he’s been called up and Steve cries tears of rage and frustration at not being able to follow. He remembers fucking Steve on a lumpy bedroll in some drafty tent, smothering muffled
, Cary Grant voice, yachting cap and all.
“Steve.”  Bucky breathes his name like a prayer; Steve can hear the relief and gratitude there and he’s grateful for it himself.  He’s not all that sure what happened, but he’s glad to be back and even more glad that Bucky’s here, solid and real and
“Your bedroom,” he compromises, and lets Steve lead the way there.
“The ‘sort of sometimes’?” Jan murmurs to Steve as Bucky gets up to help Nat with her coat, and Steve nods. “Guess I’m back to flirting with you, handsome. Brace yourself.” She purses a kiss in his direction, and then sits up straight in her seat, rearranging her face into a polite, kind smile to greet Natasha.
Then Steve steps away.  He rubs a hand over his face, drawing in another deep shuddering breath and exhaling slowly.
“I don’t know.”  She runs a hand over her hair, sighing in frustration.  “Is this not enough for you?”  Pepper gestures between them.  There are tears in her eyes and Tony wonders how long she’s been on the verge of crying without him noticing.  “With me running the company, and let’s face it, you basically running the Avengers Initiative, we barely see one another.  The fact that you’re not in the armor rushing headlong to take on every danger does makes you safer, Tony, but it doesn’t make you
“Wipe him and start over.”
, Tony. Don’t be so overdramatic.” Rhodey has the audacity to laugh, which only irks him further. In theory, he knows his friend doesn’t damage the plane on purpose – would in fact do almost anything to avoid it – but he’s so torqued up after this morning that everything is setting him on edge.
“At the very least, you would get a good story out of it. We can only hear about Thor’s hunting expedition in Lapland so many times.”
Steve looks away, pained gaze catching on the kitchen countertop where Tony had only moments before taken him to pieces.
He finds Steve bundled on the living room couch, barely visible under multiple layers of blankets. Thankfully his congestion must have subsided enough to allow him to sleep, and Steve looks peaceful despite his fever-pink cheeks and irritation-red nose. Tissues have made their way from their brand new boxes to the wastebasket beside the couch; it’s near overflowing with evidence of Steve’s illness.
He tosses Steve his phone without warning; Steve catches it with one hand.
“Uh-huh.” Steve ducks away from Tony’s efforts, slipping under his raised arm to go back to the main dressing room.
“I’ll just go put this in the fridge.”  Pepper’s tone is bone dry.  She doesn’t seem to be her usual collected self, her face drawn and her posture prim.   If the two of them have in fact reconciled, things don’t appear to be going all that well.  It bothers him a little that he’s a bit glad.  His unkind thought gives him a moment’s pause.  Whatever has happened, he doesn’t want Pepper
“Hey.”  Tony breaks into Clint’s ever-extending monologue about his superior shooting skills, abruptly bringing the diatribe to a halt.  Tony stands at the edge of the decimated room, arms crossed, with a serious expression on his face.
Instead, he faces forward to find that Tony is taking the seat in front of him, Pepper to his left and buxom bombshell Susan Storm to his right. Her last picture,
“Tony, seriously.”  Natasha says, though she’s biting back a small smile.  “Just drink your kale & wheatgrass, eat your Greek yogurt, and stop molesting poor Steve.”
“I ran into him on the lot. The other day.” Steve mumbles, not wanting to make it a big deal.
“I thought you’d be glad.  No plan, no orders.”
“Zvvvt, zip it for one more second,” Tony holds up a finger to silence him, tugging him forward with his other hand.  Steve lets himself be led into a red and yellow car, biting back his questions as Tony slams and locks the door.  Despite there being room for six, their car is apparently full at two.  Tony had slipped something to the operator to head an argument off at the pass, and Steve can only imagine the size of the bill.
“And you’re known for your tact.”  Pepper retorts, but Tony stops her mid-eye roll, reaching over and taking her hand.
Despite the fact their camaraderie is probably founded on direct orders, Tony’s stomach still twists with jealousy whenever he sees the group of four together, thick as thieves.  It’s like being a fifteen year old kid at MIT again, watching the cool kids together floating easily through life while he spent his time alone in the robotics lab.  Back then he used his money and bravado to hook the friends he was in actuality too insecure to attract on his own, but that’s not really an option now.  These aren’t people distracted by flash and false arrogance.
just down the street.  Why?”
“I met her once.”  That gets Pepper’s attention back on him immediately.  “She came ‘round once to see my dad.  I must’ve been around nine or so.”  Tony scratches his forehead with his thumb.  Pepper is staring at him like this is mind-boggling news.  “I told you that, I’m sure I told you that.”
“What is it?”  His smile is small and nervous, slightly crooked.
That was the only warning Steve received before Natasha was grabbing his leather coat from the hook and shoving him out his front door.
The lights come up low, illuminating the screening room softly. They’ve been locked in the darkness for so long that even this seems offensively bright. Tony squints uncomfortably as his eyes adjust.
Tony waits out another long pause, holding his tongue.
“I think he liked me better small.” Steve murmurs with a weak smile.  He reaches down and stills Tony’s hands and Tony curses himself for bringing this up.  His self-sabotage skills are magnificent, truly.  He closes his eyes and braces for Steve to sit up, shove him off his lap.  “I think he liked me better weak.”
A biting retort is on the tip of his tongue but it dies when he sees the disdainful, angry look on Bucky’s face.  He’s livid, barely holding back tears.  It must be horrible to love someone so much that you hurt when they hurt.
“Fine.  Why’re you here, anyway?”
Here he is, still dirty from last night’s activities, his mouth dry and awful, and his hair a mess. On top of it all, his face is tear-stained and his eyes surely puffy and bloodshot, his nose probably red. Bucky always told him that being a fair-skinned Irish kid certainly did him no favors when he got all upset. He doesn’t consider himself a vain person, but that doesn’t mean he likes feeling this rough.
Damn.
Captain America marches onscreen, followed by his band of merry soldiers. Tony snorts at the sight of the men that make up his so-called unit. The very idea that so many different races and ethnicities would be integrated in one company is lofty but ludicrous. He wonders exactly who the OWI thought they’d be fooling with that one.
“You think she knows Fitzgerald died in that apartment?” Bucky startles him. Steve turns as his friend steps out of the doorway, letting the screen door bounce shut as he joins Steve in leaning on the railing. He’s already dressed for work, on his way out.
They’d done a couple of the newer, faster rides, including this Boardwalk Flight thing that honestly paled in comparison to taking to the sky with Iron Man, but it’d been a thrill to ride the Cyclone again.  He clutched Tony’s hand as they crested the first hill, the same way he’d once clutched Bucky’s, and Tony held on tightly until the ride ended.
“I understand if this isn’t for you. I’m a bit boggled to be considering it, myself.”
“Are you worried about me or are you worried about Steve?”
“If that’s what you think you’re doing, you’re wrong.” He replies softly. He leans his elbows on the railing of the balcony, head hanging heavy for a moment. Tony watches him out of the corner of his eye as he lets out another long breath and then lifts his gaze toward the ocean, and then slightly higher toward the sky. It’s probably a trick of the moonlight but Tony thinks he can see the stars reflected in Steve’s blue eyes. He seems to search the heavens for something; though what it is, Tony doesn’t know.
“Not that far back.” Tony mumbles, stepping away from Steve’s offered handshake.
“You were saying Stark’s MIA?” Sam tries again, and Steve snorts to himself. That’s one way of putting it. The last time he’d seen Tony, they’d fucked on his bedroom floor, unable to control themselves, and then…that was it. Radio silence. Tony had said he’d call him from New York City and that he’d only be gone a few days, but there had been no call. As far as he knew, the man was still all the way across the country.
“What happened?”  It’s kind of cute how fast Steve grows alarmed, his eyes wide and the little color he has draining from his cheeks.  One would never think the guy just got back from being held captive by madmen; his concern is already focused on everyone besides himself.   Suddenly Steve is moving toward him, hands out like he’s personally going to check Tony’s body for injuries. “You weren’t…are you
“Nevermind. If Happy’s on his way up, guess you should show me this view now so I can go.” Steve says, more rudely than Tony has ever heard from him before. The way Steve’s gaze drops down to the floor after he speaks makes Tony sure that Steve isn’t feeling too great about his tone either. Whereas Tony has often delighted over a particularly clever critique or witty take-down, Steve’s never been the type to revel in being mean.
“Thor, you like everything,” Clint disregards him entirely.  “Bruce, I’m going to St. Mark’s tomorrow, gonna do some digging for vinyl-“
old.”
“That was two things.” Jane leans over and points out, hiccupping in punctuation of the sentence.
know, actually. But I would imagine.”
through his body that he doesn’t remember feeling before.
Tony pulls back just enough to speak, resting his forehead against Steve’s and drawing only the breath necessary to say what he needs to say.
Behind it is the wine cellar, deep and wide with a rather low ceiling. The walls are a dusty red brick and the room is lined with rack after wooden rack of glass bottles. The floor is cobblestone and the lights give the room a warm glow as if lit by firelight. Steve eyes the labels as he’d led through the labyrinth of the expensive collection, the names impressive and the dates even more so.
Steve can’t think of what to say so he just stares back at Tony, like maybe if he looks long enough he’ll be able to discern why things are so different between them when he hasn’t been awake for
Tony Stark sits in his new chair as director of SHIELD. One look tells him there’s near nothing left of the man that Steve loved.
Steve pushes to sit up a little, but shakes his head.
“I wouldn’t know much about either,” Steve admits reluctantly, both flirting and everything
Tony pops two aspirin and finishes the last dregs of coffee. Then he leans his head back and closes his eyes behind his sunglasses, hoping to forget the rest of the world for at least the length of this drive.
being the operative word.
It hadn’t taken too much convincing, honestly. Studio execs are more forgiving of people who do damage to unions rather than strengthen them, and Steve suspected that even without his assistance, Scott’s time on the blacklist was already nearing an end. Juicers with Scott’s level of expertise in both mechanical and electrical engineering are hard to come by.
“Peter, I…” Tony starts soberly, really about to make this some kind of heart-to-heart, but then pauses, registering that something isn’t wrong so much as weird.
“One day you’re drawing superheroes, the next, you
“We’ve got movement two floors up,” She states, eyes trained on the ceiling like she can literally see the enemy through two stories of reinforced concrete.  She slides a fresh clip into one of her guns; Tony doesn’t know where that came from.  “Hill and Fury were moving Barnes, but that’s no guarantee they got out.  We should go.”
All Tony can do is nod, relaxing as all his body readings start sinking back to normal.  He stares at Steve – at Steve’s
“All those nights when he would hold you like this, Steve, like we are now…you really never thought it was more than that?” Steve doesn’t reply, which in itself says a lot. “Steve.”
“You didn’t have to follow me.”
call and before he even hits acknowledge Natasha’s already out of the bedroom, pulling on an outfit as she goes.
“Surely you have to be suspicious?  It’s not a coincidence that this alleged Sergeant Barnes shows up right after Captain America re-emerges,” Dr. Banner cuts in before Tony gets to.
He considers art galleries –MoMA or VOLTA or some DIA space – but he figures all that quiet and all that art wouldn’t push the past from Steve’s head.
“So don’t.” Tony says. “No one has to know. No one
“Are you okay?”  Tony asks him, and Steve widens his eyes.
her lover, nor does he plan to be, but he can’t blame Wanda for playing it that way. Men in this town want what other powerful men have, and millionaire businessman Tony Stark is probably a nice stepping stone to the ones who can open the right doors for an up-and-coming actress like Maximoff.
“Boss, you know how HAL turns homicidal in
“I’m sorry I’m not better company,” Steve mumbles. “I just…” He forces himself to sit back up, look at Sam when he’s talking to him. “I’m doing this job I don’t particularly want to do, the one person who said he’d help me through it has up and disappeared, and on top of that, Bucky’s being strange as all get out and I can’t figure out why.”
“Oh, so we’ve decided to cancel, good to know. Apart from that, you have a development meeting at three o’clock, and Mr. Hogan should be delivering those items from storage that you requested.”
“What’s the point, indeed. Do your other bosses encourage this recklessness?” Tony asks, gesturing to the work that Bruce has spread out along the table. “They just give you their cameras to do with as you please?”
“Tasha wanted to go a few rounds.”
There are worse people to sound like than Sarah Rogers, so Bucky takes it as a compliment.
“It’s nice to be part of any team at all,” Steve manages to reply, pulling back a little when it becomes clear that the man doesn’t plan to leave his personal space.
“Here’s where you’re goin’ wrong, Cap.  An illusion is pointless if you
.  Two different things,” Natasha points out flatly.
“And I pay him handsomely to wait.” Tony retorts.
He hadn’t been ready to meet Tony Stark tonight, of all nights.
of us.  Don’t you ever think you’re alone in this or that anything’s only about you.  How can you even
“You’re a very pessimistic man, Coulson, anyone else ever tell you that?”
“I suck at apologies.  I’d rather pretend none of this ever happened.”
“Go tell Sam to take a break.”
Tony shudders inside Steve as Steve brings Tony's hand up to his lips and licks his own release from Tony’s fingers.
“There’s a ‘we’ in ten years?”  Steve catches, trying not to sound hopeful but not entirely succeeding.  As overtly affectionate and demonstrative as Tony can be, he usually shies away from any concrete talk of commitment.  Especially since marriage became an actual, legal option for them.  He knows Tony loves him, but he also knows Tony’s a restless kind of person.  He’s definitely into the physical, and he’s into big romantic gestures and the overall idea of having someone, but the day-to-day details tend to bore him.
“Have you heard the new Boards of Canada?”
here!”
“Steve?” Tony prompts, hand stilling as it drags gently through Steve’s hair. Steve nods against his shoulder. When he finally speaks, it sounds like the words are dragged from his throat.
sent here to New York with every intention of making Steve come to him.  Our working theory is that on some level, Barnes knew what he’d been sent here to do, and resisted his programming.  Turned himself in to protect the Cap.”
“And here I was coming to see if you were okay.” Tony says tightly. His gaze ticks down to Steve’s waistline and then back up to his flushed face. “You’d been gone a
“I am being serious. Having sex with a person I find attractive who happens to make the person that
Not sure what else to say that won’t be a lie, Steve turns his focus out the window, watching Sunset Boulevard slip by. Shortly after they pass the Garden of Allah, Happy signals and pulls to the right.
“We do have all night.” Tony drops the tie carelessly to the floor and starts working on his own. “Please feel free to come over here and try and top it.”
Bucky is slowly being forgotten.
Tony joins him nearly every day after that, and more often than not when Steve pauses in his work he finds Tony staring at him, his expression inscrutable.
He carefully climbs into bed beside Steve, pulling the covers up and settling in.  He moves close but doesn’t touch.   He doesn’t ask if this is okay because he can’t risk the answer.
”  Tony huffs decisively and immediately remedies the situation.  Steve grins into the kiss.
“Couldn’t mess up the costume, I wouldn’t be able to explain that.”
“We can talk about something else then.” Tony leans back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest. It reads as lazy, casual, rather than churlish. The rest of his body language is open and he keeps looking back at Steve as if he can’t be the first one to look away.
“You let Bucky read the script?” Tony, to Steve's surprise, sounds both alarmed and affronted.
A half-empty bottle of cough syrup and a broken blister pack of throat lozenges sit on the coffee table next to a rickety stack of books, perilously organized with smaller paperbacks at the bottom and a massive hardcover on top. A rumpled copy of the New York Times is folded open to the crossword puzzle, half-finished in two different styles of handwriting and with two worn down pencils lying on top of it.  There’s also an abandoned game of chess, and a now-stone cold cup of green tea bleeding a ring of moisture onto one of Steve’s sketchpads.
“Just down a few floors.  Grab your shoes.  Barnes, you can come too, it’s not anything secret.”
Steve doesn’t bother to reply, because Tony’s already leading the way.  Steve counts five other bedrooms before Tony actually guides him into one, but the house goes on in both directions so he really has no idea how big the place really is.  What he does know for sure is that if the living situation here is this luxurious, he can’t properly imagine what Tony has set up for everyone back at the tower.  He’s never actually seen anyone’s quarters.
“Yeah, that.”  Tony nods, agreeing.  “Big project, big deal, you’re exactly right.”  He bumps Steve’s hip with his own, his smile widening over Steve’s faint blush.
But now that he has the details, all this knowledge of the
“The Village?  With all those annoying NYU kids around?” Steve would point out that Tony himself earned one of his degrees from NYU, as did half of their friends, but he’s heard this diatribe before and knows it doesn’t matter.   “Trust me, Steve, I have enough pretentious, entitled, uselessness in my life without actively seeking to surround myself with it.”
“You’re a real surprise, Rogers,” Tony says, the last name sounding affectionate. “I really didn’t expect to like you so much.”
Tony sighs, stashing his phone and looking at Bruce.
“Well, Michelangelo, I can get some marble down here for you if you want, I know a guy.“
Captain America is not who he is, yet it always comes back to this.
He’s lying.
“Fuck, you’re beautiful,” Tony whispers as they lock eyes in the mirror. Steve can see how much he means it, and all Steve can think is that he actually
Tony has no idea why conversations with Steve tend to go this way, like Steve isn’t sure that Tony’s really asking what he thinks he’s asking.  They’ve had their issues and all, but Steve acts like Tony’s constantly laying out traps to trip him up and that’s never been Tony’s intention.
“I know that you didn’t.”
“Yeah,” Steve agrees.  But the song ends and it’s twice as awkward now as it ever was before.  Tony doesn’t move back toward him so Steve stays exactly where he is.  Tony puts his hand against his own chest, fingers tapping against the arc reactor’s glass through his shirt for a moment before he places his palm flat over his stomach.
,” Tony smirks over the old-fashioned word.  “So it’s not all
“You get us on the list?”
Something he doesn’t want to even think about.
“And I promise you, if he says yes, I will take him to bed. I will…god, Tony, you know all the things I’m going to do. You can’t possibly—“
“Was there ever
“So.”  Steve says, pulling at the frayed edge of the dirty tape on his hands.  “I can go.”  He gestures over his shoulder in the direction Natasha just went.
“What the hell’s with the smashy-smashy?  I thought that was Bruce’s department.”
Bucky breaks the kiss and pulls his hand from between Steve’s thighs, wraps it around Steve’s cock and pulls back the foreskin instead.  Bucky drops his head, the point of his tongue flicking out to lap up the liquid dribbling from the tip.  Tony moves his finger in and out of Steve almost absentmindedly as he focuses on the sight of Bucky sucking Steve’s dick, so thoroughly working over the sensitive head. Steve tangles a hand in the mess of Bucky’s long brown hair but doesn’t press down, doesn’t force anything more. What Bucky’s doing seems to be enough, judging by the dazed look on Steve’s face.
“Well, maybe I’m not an adult. I didn’t want to see
“Insult to injury, Rhodes,” Tony snipes. “First you blab about my illicit—and
“I’m not changing my mind either,” Tony presses on, not wanting to get hung up on his insecurities this morning, not when Steve’s gorgeous cock is rubbing suggestively against his lower back.  He puts his hands over Steve’s hands and pushes Steve’s fingers around the top of his underwear, shoving at the fabric and stripping himself down to nothing.
He’s about to get up when Tony finally speaks.
He feels cold for the first time in long while.
girl. This is the first picture we make, we can’t start lowering our standards right off the bat. It’s gotta be perfect if we’re going to make a lasting impression, let the Hollywood players know that we mean business.”
“We could revolutionize the whole damn industry, if we wanted.” Tony arches an eyebrow. “I want. You want?”
In Manhattan, Tony once saw himself, writ large with neon signs and massive billboards, street grids marking off organized chaos that just seemed so perfect and brilliant in its irrational sanity.  Manhattan was to him a perfect paradox – logical and illogical all at once.
Steve stares at him for too long before he swallows hard and finally finds something to say.
Tony picks up the remote control and pauses the movie, Woody Allen and Diane Keaton paused on screen in the middle of a rooftop conversation.  He’s still laughing.
“Buck, don’t.” At his plea, Natasha’s hand tightens on his shoulder.
He’s kind of just annoyed.
“Oh lord, don’t say things like that, someone might hear you.”  Tony warns him, sighing overdramatically.  “I have a reputation to protect.”
“Color?”
“Who, Loki? We don't exactly chat. I've only met the man once or twice in passing, if that. And people think
“Is it HYDRA?”  It’s the only thing he can think of that would concern him above the rest of the team, the only thing he knows more about than anyone present.  Fury frowns, lifting a page of the file sitting in front of him on the table.
“Like I said, I don't seem to remember any scenes that needed a penguin suit,” Tony comments. “Did something get added in without my knowing?”
It’s a definite come on, and from anyone else’s lips, Steve might have had to roll his eyes. It’s blatant and not even all that clever. But from Tony…
The bare bulb fluorescent light fixture above Steve’s head is flickering slightly; Tony can hear it buzz.  It’s probably an update from the 70s by the look of it, so, really, not much of an update at all.  He eyes it, eyes Steve.
Steve breaks his pace with a quick-footed grace, stilling the bag immediately and turning to face him.  Tony’s never seen a smile so fake, and that counts the millions of his own he’s thrown out there, the ones that have been plastered on magazine covers and have placated talk show hosts.
But sure enough, Tony sidesteps his question with a lighthearted joke, completely missing or choosing to ignore that Steve’s question had been serious.
“You’re much better for him than I could ever be.”
“So what do you want me to do?  Show up and jog his memory?”  Steve snaps, looking up from some strange diagram of what appears to be an electronic arm of some kind.  “How long has he been here?  How long have you known?”
Before, when the silence between them had been loaded and awkward, like Steve was accepting Tony’s presence reluctantly but was too polite to tell him to shove off.  Tony had taken advantage of that knowingly.
“I don’t think so.” Steve says, though he’s less sure when he has to say it aloud. What does he really know? He may never have seen Bucky act like this before, but shell shock does strange things to a man and it doesn’t always look the same. After all, he was still deep in the fight when Bucky was back in London recovering, so he didn't witness everything Bucky encountered. He doesn’t
“What makes you think you couldn’t just call me, or text me, and ask?  It’s only dinner and I would have been glad to see you,” Steve is perplexed.  He pulls his phone out of his pocket and makes sure it’s still working.  It is – he has another text from Miss Darcy Lewis, an associate of Thor’s who he’s never actually met but has taken it upon herself to keep him abreast of important current events.  She seems particularly interested in the Jersey Shore; in his time no one thought Jersey was all that neat but things have clearly changed.  “And contrary to what you all like to think, I do know how to use this thing.”
“I have a couple somewhere, I’ll dig ‘em out.”  Tony says off-handedly and Steve stops what he’s doing, unable to keep from staring at Tony in dismay.  “
“Doubt that’s possible.”
"I'm sure some place in the city has gotta be showing old Rogers/Astaire flicks sometime, we should keep an eye out.  We could make a night of it."
Sam winks at him, ending his current number with a flourish of keys and transitioning seamlessly into The Inkspots’ “You’re Breaking My Heart.”
“JARVIS, is there anything good on?” Tony asks, tossing the remote aside carelessly.
“Like that plan.”
“Captain Rogers…don’t have much time.” The message is coming in clearer now.  The woman, whoever she is, is trying to sit him up.  She has surprising force for someone so slender.  Maybe she’s not that delicate.  Maybe he’s hallucinating this whole thing.
He tilts back slightly, gaze inadvertently moving toward the ceiling.  He wonders if Tony’s upstairs now, or if he’s still down in the lab.  The ache he feels when he thinks of Tony isn’t physical.
Bucky carefully moves the mug onto a coaster and clears a space for the white paper deli bag he’s brought in with him. The smell of food must pull Steve from slumber.
He’s still dressed as he had been on the backlot, and his white t-shirt is soaked through, clinging to his biceps and chest like a second skin. Tony blinks and Steve is already across the room and at his side. He’s slightly out of breath and his cheeks are flushed with varying shades of pink, his lips tinged red as if they’ve been bitten, or maybe kissed. His bare arms are covered in gooseflesh, and so pale that Tony can see the blue-green of his veins running underneath the thin, delicate skin. His blue eyes are dark in the dimness of the café, and even his eyelashes – black despite his fair hair and so impossibly long – are damp. Water drips from his body onto the floor, and Tony watches as the pool of liquid seeps from around Steve’s feet to creep toward his.
“I would—if you do too. Tony is willing.” Steve sneaks a glance at Bucky’s face, trying to get a better sense of his reaction. Bucky is watching him with equal scrutiny, which probably means that they aren’t actually getting much of a read on each other at all. “Polyamory is what they call it; these days there’s a helpful term for everything. It’s not exactly usual, but it’s not unheard of.”
“I’ll have them fire up the jet.  We can be there-“
Tony downs most of his drink in one gulp.  Pepper is watching him calmly, waiting for him to wind down.
There’s such disdain for Tony in Bucky’s voice. Even after Tony’s treatment of him this morning, it pains Steve to hear it. He picks at the bedspread, not trusting himself to speak.
Tony looks at Bucky for this first time since he walked in and saw Bucky beside Steve on the couch, as if just remembering that the other man is even there. Bucky can see that fondness for Steve still shining brightly in his gaze, dimming slightly as he switches his attention.
, and Thor has just refilled her cup for the third time.
“I’m a mess,” Steve nods his chin down to his chest, toward the ridiculous display of his clothing shoved every which way and the obvious evidence of their activities cooling thickly on his stomach.
Pepper’s sitting on the couch, papers strewn everywhere as she signs off on plans to begin construction on a clean energy powered tower in Los Angeles.  She’s completely unaware that he’s watching the way water slip slides over Steve’s sleek muscles as he strokes gracefully across the pool.  He can swim the whole length twice over without lifting his head to breathe.
He turns to find Tony leaning in the doorway, looking suave and relaxed and exactly where he belongs.
.  Thor doesn’t know the meaning of blasé, never quite mastering detached disregard.
a Betty.”
“Eh, it’s been awhile since I had a good scandal.”
He’s walking in out of the sunlight and Tony swears for a moment that he’s witnessing the visitation of an angel. This man is so beautiful that he makes Tony doubt both his sanity and his religion.
“That’s not home.”
yet in understanding how deep this thing between them ran.
“I don’t want to fuck everything up.”
“The only time you come up for air as of late is to check on him.  It hasn’t gone unnoticed.”
“Jesus Christ, Tony, what is wrong with this fucking city?”
“Um…sure.”  Steve stares at Tony, realizing a beat too late that Tony is finally talking to him and not at him.  “Thanks, Tony.  This is all very nice.”
am or you’re going to be a permanent bachelor.”
“I didn’t say you were boring.”
“What are you good for? Huh, Cap?  Why try so hard to keep it together?  For Fury?  Afraid he won’t let you lead the team if you show a little weakness?”
His fury burns like fire, and every new revelation only fans the flames. He re-traces decades of murder and mayhem and seeks retribution.
Steve slumps. Of course, it was only a matter of time before their newest friends discovered this information about him. It wasn’t exactly a secret. But he’s not really in the mood for the usual song-and-dance tonight: smiling when someone inevitably remembers the theme song, laughing when another someone recalls the tight costume, pretending not to be flustered and embarrassed by his brief time in the spotlight.
Steve re-opens the pad and tears out his failed attempt.  The sound of ripping paper is oddly soothing.  He doesn’t know why, but he carefully folds the drawing in quarters before moving to throw it away.   He’ll come back some other day and try again, maybe when his nerves are less shot.
“Dinner party, very nice, Steve is delightful.” Jan slurs. “Where you been, Tone?”
After Bucky. After Tony came home. But this feels just the same as ever. Just as safe.
Heaving a heavy sigh, Steve pushes himself back to his feet and slips on his suit coat. With one last long look down the hall, he lets himself out.
“Oh, that was
screams the headline of
“I don’t even know where the shot came from.  But three bullets hit our Jolly Green Giant right in the kisser and exploded on impact, letting out some kind of super concentrated gas.  Enough to knock out several herds of elephants.  Scientifically speaking, of course.”
“But it didn’t work.”
His are specially developed skills.  His talents are the only things he knows; he wakes with a self-assured sense that his body is a weapon.  His mind is always working out the best angle for a kill.
for so long hits him with its full force, and for the first time he doesn’t try to fight it, or handle it.  He lets it all through.
Steve’s sitting at the edge of the pool, body bathed in refracted light as the reflection of rippling water shimmers over his skin.  He’s been quiet since they left Vegas, but not quiet in the way he’d been before.
“I’m pretty sure that all of the… ‘heaviness’…is on your part here, Tony. So I think it’s probably all up to you how this meeting goes.” Pepper is already flipping through her Rolodex, muttering to herself. “Carpenter, Carson…Carter, here we go.”
“I’m still not interested in a role. But does that mean I can’t be interested in your work?”
“This won’t take long.  You’ll be back in time for your night of debauchery.”
He doesn’t want to stop this.
"Because life is fair?"
“Those films were nothing but cheap trash propaganda.”
“If by plunge, you mean the initiative, then yes,” Carol nods, shooting a look over her shoulder at Rhodey as Tony finally lets her pull away, disentangling herself from his messy embrace. “I thought it about time that Jim and I stop waiting for the whole world to catch up to us.” She runs her fingers through her long blonde hair, the golden strands ruffled from Tony's ecstatic embrace. “I never was very patient.”
“What I need is for you to leave me the hell alone.”
“Grilled cheese.” Steve states and Tony’s hands stall at Steve’s collar.
“Great, now Thor’s going to take that as a challenge,” Clint mutters as he gets up from the couch, circling around to get to the table.  Darcy slaps his hand away from the pans and then gestures to Bruce and Betty, waving them over so enthusiastically it’s like she’s flagging a plane in.
“Something’s wrong.”  He announces, quickly pulling up the message from one of the previously unreturned calls.  It’s a video from Maria Hill.  There’s a large gash above her eyebrow and her usually cool eyes are wide with panic.  There’s commotion behind her.
“What are you talking about?”
Steve seems to get it together and Tony feels himself being practically dragged along, barely needing to control his muscles as Steve nearly carries him through the crowd.  He doesn’t think his toes are even touching the ground.  Steve finds an usher, a young looking kid petrified by the sight in front of him.
.  That’s out now, right?”
I don’t get it.  And I’ve been okay with that.  With not understanding you.  All right, maybe not
“How do you even…” Clint reaches out and tugs on Thor’s long beard.  “Doesn’t it drag in stuff?  What, you just tie it back when you eat, or…?”
“Jesus Christ, you’re warm. Normally I love you all sweaty, Cap, but this isn’t a sexy kind of glisten. You need to make it to a shower.”
“Like you’re not already decrypting files to find out, Stark.” Natasha states, rolling her eyes.
He sighs, wishing not for the first time that he had more control over these projects. But if he’d wanted control, he should’ve stuck to painting or drawing or sculpting, any other art form that allowed him to work entirely on his own.
Not saying anything, Tony quickly crosses toward him and wraps his arms around Steve’s shoulders from behind. Steve tenses for one painful moment, like he’s startled by the move, but then slumps a little, sinking back into Tony’s embrace. Tony buries his nose in Steve’s soft hair, breathing him in. He’s warm and smells of coffee.
The invitation is clear. Steve knows what he
“JARVIS, switch to thermal imaging.”  Tony can read Steve’s heat signature and attempts to follow him, but a large blast echoes down the other hallway, powerful enough that he feels the vibration through his suit.  Steve’s out of his radius before Tony turns his attention back, and he considers trying to catch up but knows it’s useless.  Steve’s going to do what Steve wants to do, and that’s supposedly his prerogative as leader.
Even Brooklyn looks beautiful tonight.  All of the lights on the bridges twinkle prettily, crisscrossing the East River, perfectly engineered threads of brick and steel stitching all of New York City together.
“I don’t know, Cap, why do you insist on being someone I
“Well tinkering happens to be a hobby of mine as well. Quite good at it, actually, the tinkering. Is this what I think it is?” Tony flicks on the work light above the table and swings it over, bending down to look more closely.
He wakes the next morning and finds himself safely tucked into bed and the empty bottles of Jack carefully placed in the trash.  He takes the aspirin and drinks the water left out on his night table, and mentally lists all the people in his life who he’s managed
He lets himself out the door and Steve’s soft spoken
“No problem,” Bucky lies. He offers Tony a drag of his cigarette and, to his surprise, Tony not only shakes his head, but grabs it from him and stubs it out, tossing the butt to the cement by their feet.
“Are you getting philosophical on me, Banner?  You should stop it, it’s not a good look on you.”  Tony lifts himself up and sits on one of the counters, jostling a rack of vials nearby.   He picks up a stack of Bruce’s paperwork and rifles through it – most of it is SI memos and guidelines, but there are some magazines, and one single letter addressed directly to Bruce in a decidedly feminine scrawl.  No return address.  Curious, he lifts it up to the light but the paper’s too thick to make anything out.
“Pepper mentioned something about you having quite the interest. Let me guess – you have all the collectibles – the comics, the trading cards, the whole nine yards.”
He wishes he had a camera to capture the flummoxed look on Tony’s face.  It’s amazing.
Tony shoots him a look, then gives a heavy sigh of his own. He moves away from the engine and his shoulders slump.
“And what do we do now?” Steve asks, gesturing between them. This isn’t the post-coital conversation he’d intended, and while he’s definitely glad they had it, it’s not quite how he’d wanted their first time to wind up. He’d honestly hoped for a lot more time with Bucky in his arms before they had this out.
“Where are you?” She demands impatiently.  Steve scans the skyline for any sign and catches the glint of a scope on the roof of a nearby building.  He knows he wouldn’t have caught sight of it if Bucky hadn’t wanted him to.  He rolls his eyes and taps Natasha on the shoulder.
“Not tired.”  He finally mutters.
He doesn’t know any words that can truly tell Tony how much that had meant.
“You might want to check that soundproofing,” Clint then mutters to Tony out of the corner of his mouth, clearly forgetting Steve’s sense of hearing is sharp.  Tony, already on his way back to Steve’s side, hesitates slightly in his next step.  He nods quickly to acknowledge Clint’s advice and keeps on going.
He immediately notices two things.  Cap looks like shit, and he’s not alone.  He comments on the first of these observations, taken aback by how drawn and pale Steve appears.  A quick scan with Extremis tells him Steve’s heart rate is up, though that can’t account for how Steve’s usually bright blue eyes seem dull and utterly lifeless.
There’s no place to sit and they’re forced to stand close to one another, Tony’s smaller body seeming to fold into his own.  Steve looks down at their entwined fingers and slowly disentangles, reaching to grab the handrail instead as the train lurches into movement.  His palm is sweaty now, and he’s feeling sheepish about the whole thing.  He expects Tony to be irked; instead he seems incredibly amused.
“Are you having someone keep tabs on me?”  Steve’s shocked, and Tony lets out a surprised shout of laughter.
Tonight’s addition to the gallery is the result of an overzealous rookie grabbing a real piece of wood rather than pre-scored corkboard to hit Clint clear across his face. Steve had heard the story from clear across the room.
“No, let me get this out.”  Bucky holds up his hand, metal glinting in the light.  “I’ve been needing to say this for ages and since Nat’s clearly decided now’s the time…”
“I’m fine, thank you,” Steve says ever so politely, eyes still masked behind those dark lenses, and Tony can only see his own reflection when he looks in them.
“She meant her and Bucky.” Steve eyes Pepper as her anger seems to dissipate into confusion and then relief.  “Wait, did you think…?”  He thinks about the way Pepper had been eyeing Natasha’s attire and it makes sense.  “Gosh no, Natasha and
“Pardon?” Steve asks for what has to be the tenth time.  He tries to give his conversation partner his undivided attention, finally turning to face him.  They’re about the same height and while he has wavy, messy, dark hair like Bruce’s, there’s a slight pout to his lips that makes Steve think of Bucky.  He’s not sure anymore if he finds that comforting or upsetting, as things with Bucky have only become more strained and awkward as months have gone by.
“You’ve heard about the stage shows, then.”  Steve mumbles, disappointed, and Tony shifts in his seat, feeling like he just kicked the family dog.
“Hmmm?”  Tony drags his gaze away from Steve and finds Pepper standing at the other end of the large window.  She’s staring at him solemnly, and he wonders how long she’s been standing there, watching him watch Steve.  Because in all honesty he doesn’t have any idea how long he’s been staring this time and it could be hard to explain away.
Tony grimaces.
“I’m sure Fury will track you down if you’re needed,” Tony finally says, not bothering to look up from the treadmill’s screen.
“Hell, Cap, I was just kidding.  Tell me you didn’t really.”
“Nothing’s ruined, Steve.”  He states and pops the door open.  He ducks inside and Steve hesitates before following him, once again unsure of where he and Tony stand with each other.
- but it doesn’t happen.  He stays silent and the door closes behind Clint.  It locks automatically.
“Not staring.  Evaluating,” Tony corrects.  “And not your ass, as lovely as it may be.”  He ignores her glare as he tilts his head and narrows his eyes, moving to consider her form from another angle as ideas ping around his brain.  “It’s your gait.”
he's sorry for. He doesn't want to muck this up any further. "I guess we all should have had a sit-down together. I just…I thought this should be between the two of you. It didn’t feel like my place. But then…I thought I should at the very least let you know I was all right with it, so when you and Steve did talk, I wouldn’t be a factor, at least as far as cheating and all that goes. I didn’t want things derailed by worries over infidelity when you have plenty of other things to work out.”
“Yeah, there’s a bit of that going around lately, isn’t there.”  Tony sits up, ignoring Bruce’s questioning look, and pats his own pockets in a search for his phone.  Checking his messages, he discovers Pepper’s looking for him; figures, since over three hours have passed since he said he’d be making a “quick stop” at Banner’s lab.  “Don’t you like your new digs?  I know it can get a little noisy during the day with all the reconstruction, but it can’t be any noisier than that squatter’s slum you had in Kolkata. And I use the term ‘slum’ generously there.”
But Bucky’s dead.
“Good.”  Natasha nods.
It’s a safe answer that still leaves the ball in Tony’s court, but Tony lets it pass without comment.
but he doesn’t get to share it because the door to Barnes’ cell opens.
Steve leans forward, runs a finger down the side of his juice glass, cutting a trail through the condensation there.  He opens his mouth to say something but instead mumbles:
“Go put on the suit, I can do that.”
“Well, let’s hope the twenty-first century can knock that out of him.  Being polite gets you nowhere.”
“It’s no trouble at all.
“Ladies first!  Betty!  Get your skinny ass over here and eat.”
“He seems to be doing a lot better.”
“Yo, bitches, dinner’s almost ready!” Darcy pops her head in from the kitchen.  “Wash your hands and stuff, don’t make me mommy you.  Unless you’re into that.”  She winks at Bucky and Clint before ducking back.
“I’m not someone to be
Tony points, and when Steve looks, he’s pleasantly surprised to find Phil trying to make his way over.  The usually calm and collected agent looks uncommonly flustered and for once, Steve suspects it’s not because of his presence.
Tony pointedly turns away from Steve, circling around to the table where the Mark VIII is scattered in snarled pieces.  There’s nothing to be done for it but he pretends there is anyway, figuring Steve can’t tell the difference.
call him?” Darcy and Jane are both appalled; out of the corner of his eye, Steve can see Natasha lift an eyebrow at him archly, lips pursing. She’s displeased, but probably not for the same reasons as the two women sitting beside him.
“Well we were just about done anyway.”  If Natasha’s bolting, so is he.  She’s barely making an effort to conceal this attempt to leave him alone with Tony and Steve resents her for it.  Last night had been such an elaborate ruse that he’d been slightly charmed, but her dashing out of here like the gym is on fire is a bludgeon past subtle.
“Pepper took the liberty of getting some more clean clothes for you.  Not that that outfit doesn’t look great and all –“ Tony reaches out like he’s going to touch the dark fabric covering Steve’s chest beneath his leather jacket but stops at the last second.  “ – but I figured you might want something else seeing as how this trip of ours is, at this point, indefinite.”  Tony runs his hand over the rack of shirts and pants, the shelf full of folded sweaters, then opens and closes a few drawers of the dresser.  “Yeah, looks like she’s got everything you might need.  Holler if there’s something we forgot.”
“But it’s not a problem with a solution; just something I have to learn to live with.  It’s probably best I keep this matter to myself from now on.”
“Mr. Stark, forgive me, but you’re not allowed to go off on your own. Insurance liability, you must understand.” Thomas is simpering over something, but it barely registers. Until the man scampers in front of him, waving his hands. “Is there some place you would like to go? I would be happy to take you.”
“They were supposed to be back yesterday, Pepper.   I know I’m not known for my punctuality, but even in my book, that’s late.”
“He'll never be happy when he's got one foot out the door after you. He and Tony are never going to work if you're still out here. So whether he's happy with you or happy with Tony, first step is you need to come back.”
And yet…
“I know, Clint said she left.  I assumed she was on another business trip.”
“But I don’t want to.”
.  He has to.  He’s not a stupid man, and he’s read all the files and reports.  “You should go back to bed, Tony.”
“When have I ever lied to you?” Tony is caught off-guard by this accusation hitting before others. It usually doesn’t play that way in his fights with others.
“Well, I mean…that is kind of your
“I do?”
“Stark?” Steve doesn’t bother to mask his surprise or his distaste.  They’d been embedded deep in battles of their own when Tony’s fireworks with the Mandarin went off, but after the briefing he’d received upon his return to SHIELD headquarters, he’s surprised to hear Stark’s name coming up again so soon.  From what he’d gathered, the man blundered in headstrong and foolish against a mad man and almost got himself and his girlfriend – not to mention the President of the United States – killed in the process.
.  He wonders if Tony noticed or if that’s just a coincidence.
“It’s Captain America, sir.”  Tony looks up at her, surprised by her words.  She never seemed all that invested in any of them.  “It’s Captain America, and it’s what Coulson would have done.”
“Where’s your entourage?”
“I couldn’t handle that either.” Steve replies, relieved. “I don’t want this to be some illicit weekend. That’s not me. That’s not us.”
good explanation, Rogers.” His voice is cold and hard, his mouth set in a thin, unforgiving frown.
Bucky traces idle patterns through the mess on Steve’s chest, purposefully not looking up in order to give Steve and Tony a moment to themselves. Steve meets Tony’s questioning gaze head on.
“Yes, yes it will.” Steve peels off his workman’s gloves and tucks them under the band of his tool belt. He scratches his eyebrow with his thumb as he studies the room, wondering if it’s not too late to put in a big picture window and cut down on the actual amount of available surface to paint. But then they’d have to project some outdoor scene for the illusion of a view, and that can be just as dicey.
*******
Natasha shakes her head, then stands and walks to the door.
“So…Sergeant Barnes…and
, like it’s personal.
"According to you, I didn’t actually quote it, but, okay…" Tony allows it, going down without more of fight.  Steve starts to ask where they're headed to, as they seem just to be circling the park aimlessly, when he hears Tony softly humming the tune under his breath.  Tony notices him noticing and his answering smile is surprisingly shy.
Steve rises and walks to the bank of windows that comprise one corner of the room.  His reflection is clear in the glass; he wipes at his face again, not liking what he sees, and then steps closer to get past the glare and look outside.
“Here.”  He gives the water to Bucky and moves clear from Steve and the bed.   Bucky looks at Tony askance and then gives Steve a little shrug before helping him to drink.
“I’m your jerk,” Tony retorts, digging into the leather camera case that he uses as a satchel.  “Speaking of pleasing you, however, I picked up the Voice so we could look at the housing classifieds.”
“That’s what you pay me for, sir.”
“So are you, Steve.” Sam holds up his glass in a toast and Steve mirrors him. “So don’t worry about Bucky too much. Whatever’s bothering him, he’ll come around. You two are like blood brothers, ain’t no undoing that.”
Sitting on a narrow cot, leaning his head back against the cinder block wall.  He looks so much the same.  Slightly older.  His hair’s longer.  He’s tired, or maybe bored.  His face is painfully blank.
“Because this place has the best fair trade coffee in all five boroughs.”
“You? Can cook?”
“Probably haven’t eaten anything in days, have you.”  His voice is shaky and Tony wants to beg him not to deny this, not to
“Exotic dancers.”  He takes the bag from the counter with a muttered thanks and heads outside.  Despite the late hour, it’s still too warm; he pushes up his sleeves again, trying to balance his bags and the phone as he does.
the King of Lies.
“Huh.  Surprisingly sweet of you.”
that just happened.”  Tony’s challenging, somber mood has been split wide open; he’s giddy with glee now.  “You were…and suddenly, you weren’t, you were gone, you were-“ He makes a whooshing, splashing noise, accompanied by a visual demonstration with his hands to show the explosion of water.
.  I saw him die.  He…” Steve clenches and unclenches his other hand underneath the table, remembering reaching, straining, grasping for Bucky’s hand and finding nothing but air, watching as his best friend plummeted, screaming, to the snow and ice-covered rocks hundreds of feet below and taking so much of his heart with him.  He closes his eyes against the memory but it’s useless; he can’t block out the vision of Bucky’s terrified face.  “No.”
“Steve,” Bucky replies, like he can’t quite believe Steve is there, standing in front of him. He used to sound that way back when he first regained his memories, and it’s strange hearing that combination of disbelief, gratitude, and reverence again after all this time. “Come in.”
*******
“I’m sorry?”
They think because he rarely speaks, he does not listen.  They are wrong.  He is always listening.
Tony lifts his head to look at her.
“Yeah.”  Steve claps a hand to Bucky’s shoulder.  “I know you do.”
“Forget about the whole movie. That’s not what I want from you. I just…I got carried away is all, thinking about having you in my life in that particular way. That’s not how we have to do things.”
And if they were still alive, they would be alive no more.
Which leaves Tony in the horrible position of knowing he’s failing and not knowing how to fix it.
So while Steve went off with Bucky for the evening, Tony had rung up Rhodey and Pepper and met his friends – and they are his friends, not his and Steve’s – down in Tribeca for a few too many drinks.  He never felt badly throwing his money around in front of his best pals, didn’t feel weird wearing one of the specially tailored Italian suits that he only wears to important meetings as of late.  He might restore vintage cars and motorcycles as his main hobby these days, but he’s still a shareholder in the family business.  It’s not a lifestyle he misses but it never hurts to occasionally pop back into that world in order to keep his business sense sharp.
Steve practically melts into the kiss that follows, chasing the taste of himself in Tony’s mouth.
“Sir, Captain Rogers left early this morning to attend a charity baseball game at the Long Meadow fields in Prospect Park, after which I believe he is scheduled to appear at a luncheon fundraiser for The Children’s Aid Society.  After these functions I believe the Captain’s schedule is clear, although Agent Hill has placed a request for his assistance with some matters pertaining to a new training program at SHIELD and Agents Barton, Romanoff and Barnes have demanded his presence at dinner.”
*******
“And we should probably make out.  I think the law requires that two attractive people in this position do so.”
“Just hired her, actually. You two aren’t together anymore?” Bruce looks at him, reluctant, and Tony comes to his own conclusion based on the observable facts. “Well, I suppose if you were still together, you would have known that I hired her.”
It wasn’t about love.
“Has he…has Steve said anything to you?”
business for a time after Phil’s untimely demise, only to bring back the moniker once they all discovered that the reports of Phil’s death had been greatly exaggerated.
“What’s going on?”  Steve’s not sure his words actually come out the way he means them.  Or if they come out at all.  It sounds more like an unintelligible croak.  “Who are you?”  As he comes back into himself, he starts to remember what was happening when he was grabbed.
Tony pushes off the doorframe and saunters toward him, abandoning his drink on a patio table along the way.  He moves liquidly, languidly, entirely comfortable in his own skin.
Steve looks at the twisted shards of highly polished and shaded red and gold metal, the blue-white broken glass, the shining light, and it strikes him that Bucky is right.
Steve reluctantly follows him back inside, not saying a word as Tony leads him up the main staircase. Steve moves a little more slowly as he takes it all in, though he clearly is trying not to look too interested in Tony’s home.
to avoid his best friend, but Bucky gets so concerned when Steve’s going through one of his bouts of insomnia. It only makes Steve feel all the more guilty. Bucky’s the one whose life had been permanently altered by the war –
Steve only manages a nod and a weak smile, sensing something has drastically changed between them in the time he was gone.  Tony is keeping his gaze carefully just off-center, not quite meeting his eyes.  He wishes Tony would touch him, maybe take his hand the way Bucky has.  If he’d just get
“Captain,” she curtly nods at him, then Nick.  “Director Fury.”
Tony seems to sense this, like a shark scenting blood in the water. He smiles, all teeth, his next words coming out overdramatically polite and just a touch too loud.
Is he James Buchanan Barnes?  Is that his name, his identity, his past?  If it’s true – he’d just saved Steve Rogers, why else would he do that? – then he needs to understand, needs to find out on his own how he came to be nothing but this shell, this empty nothing that only annihilates everything in his path.
“That’s a reassuring start.” Steve's tone is somewhat resigned, like he might already know what’s coming.
what I wanted.”
“Underneath.”
“But it’s a big one,” Tony observes, flipping back through the book in the opposite direction, like he’s counting the drawings this time.  “You’ve been covering quite a bit of ground.”
She’s battered to hell now, the paint job chipped and fading. “Maintenance is your responsibility. When’s the last time you brought this old gal around?”
“No time, Iron Man.”  Steve flags him in one direction, signaling he’ll take the left on his own.    Tony shakes his head.
Tony stands, lifting Steve onto the countertop. He pushes up Steve’s shirt and presses Steve back until he lays flat, then strips off Steve's sweatpants in an undignified rush. His lips and left hand map Steve’s chest, touching and rubbing and caressing, as his right slips between Steve’s legs and starts working him open.
not.  The bridge won’t crumble but he can.  So easily.  The wind is stronger and sharper in the space between here and there.  Maybe if he stays under the stone arches, surrounded by the draping steel cables, keeps his gaze skyward, he can be steady.  He can almost pretend he’s not falling.
thoughts on the subject,” Tony retorts, bristling despite his best efforts to keep cool. “I’ll let you put many things in my mouth, Rogers, but words ain’t one of them.”
"What if I were?" Tony asks, and for a moment Steve thinks he's serious.  His heart does this weird fluttery thing all on its own, like it's stopping and re-starting independent of any interference from his mind.
send him in here, why would he make
“Oh god.” Peter shifts, trying again to hide it.
“He put his mouth on you? Kiss you all over?” Tony looks up at him with hooded eyes, a lock of hair falling loosely over his forehead. He already looks debauched, turned-on. It makes Steve’s head swim.
The taste of Bucky’s come floods his mouth, hot and bitter, and Steve swallows it down greedily. He eases off but doesn’t stop entirely, holding Bucky’s length in the wet heat of his mouth until long after the tremors of his body have subsided. When Steve finally kneels back, Bucky’s length resting half-hard against his own thigh and glistening with Steve’s saliva and his own come, Bucky trembles again.
“While I appreciate your philosophy on the relationship of breakfast items to overwhelming personal grief, I’d like to take a minute to remind you that while you may think everything’s a big joke, there are people who care about you.  Me, for one.”
“If those are the right terms…” Steve tries not to feel unprepared or stupid; he knows that’s not what Tony intends. He’s just processing things aloud the way that he sometimes does. ”I was going to do some more research today.”
Jan and Bucky polish off one bottle of wine while he finishes cooking, and he’s in the process of dishing up when Natasha appears at the front door, looking tired and annoyed, having been kept late on a last minute re-write.
Steve starts to tidy up, straightening the couch cushions and gathering his sketchpad and book and DVDs from the coffee table, and Tony’s tidal wave of want is tempered by frustration and amusement.
“I made you a mix, darling.”  He holds a cassette case by her face, rattling it in offer, and she takes it reluctantly.
“Be quicker.”
They’d taken a car service out to Queens, but when Steve suggests that they head back into Manhattan, Tony shocks him by countering that they ride the 7 back instead.  While he’d thought that the subway might make Tony uncomfortable, he figures Tony knows his own limits better than he does so he tells Tony to lead the way.
right down to his toes. Suddenly it doesn’t matter that they’re in public.
“She and Hank have been separated for months, that's not news,” Tony scoffs. “Who is printing this tripe? Quill?”
“Well.  Your candor is refreshing, Barnes.”
Tony busies himself with cataloging the changes Steve’s made to the place since he officially moved in.  The bookcases are filled, mostly classics and non-fiction.  He runs a finger along their spines, reading the titles.  A lot of history tomes, most of it covering the past half-century.  Some art collections – modern and pop and some photography.  Most bindings are cracked, like Steve bought them all secondhand.  There are a few framed photographs, all of the pictures black & white and faded.  He notices his father is in the background of one of them, part of a small crowd gathered around Steve.  It’s strange to see Howard in a photograph and not have him be the clear center of attention.
These days his nightmares are occasionally broken up by magnificent dreams of flying, shooting across the bright blue, cloudless sky at breakneck speeds as he expertly takes down threat after threat.  He always lands next to Cap on some broad brick walkway in Battery Park, Statue of Liberty standing vigil beyond him in the harbor.  And just as Steve turns to him, winded but smiling, his blonde hair glinting golden in the sunlight, Tony wakes up.
Tony pulls up a stool and sits beside him, and Peter shoves his hand in his hair anxiously and forces a tight smile onto his face that he prays comes across as totally innocent.
“Why did your parents fight about Steve?”
“I’ll go.”  Steve volunteers tersely before Natasha can continue, keeping his gaze locked on Fury’s stern face.  “Agent Romanoff can stay.”
Natasha doesn’t seem like she’s leaving anytime soon, so he does.
“You were all walk-ons first time around.”
Steve notices him noticing, and blushes.
His relationship with Bucky, whatever it had or hadn’t been, was conducted in private and never openly acknowledged between them – a barely-kept secret but a secret nonetheless.  While Tony had been all right with what happened at Coney Island, when they weren’t under anyone’s watchful eyes, Steve’s not sure what to do now.  So he’s been following Tony’s lead, afraid to do much else.
“You make it sound like I’m ashamed of the Captain, Nat. I’m not, not really. I just…I don’t want to go back.” Steve rests his weight against the wooden railing of the patio and looks out over the yard. It’s dark out now and getting darker, but in every direction Steve can see the warm, glowing lights in the windows of neighbors’ homes.
“Please don’t do this.”
“He didn’t say much else, wasn’t that big of a talker.”  Steve has to snort at that comment, and Bucky smiles a little.  “Take it that’s not the norm then.”
“Where are the candles, Stark?”  Natasha asks suddenly, loudly.
Steve glances down and is surprised to see that Tony’s not lying, his cock beginning to thicken. His own arousal stirs and he quickly averts his eyes from Tony’s body.
Tony turns to go in the opposite direction, not wanting to be caught out and sent back to set with a scolding, when the lightning bolt of recognition hits him.
“Oh, yes, let me…” Pepper rifles through some of the papers on her desk. “
He shoots down two combatants on Natasha’s tail – what else to call them, he doesn’t know, because he’s never seen creatures like this before, seems to be a running theme these days – and then takes out one that was this close to taking off Clint’s head with a swipe of its strange and huge ax-like weapon.
Tony takes pity on Coulson and extricates Steve, but not before “accidentally” knocking Ward to the ground as he passes by.
, I don’t mean it like ‘I didn’t want to see you’—seeing you was the only thing I wanted. The
A pillow and pile of stacked blankets are set to one side of the couch, like someone’s been sleeping out here at night.  For the sake of his sanity Tony tries not to read too much into it, moving on quickly.
Tony groans.
He lets the door fall closed behind him and goes to the refrigerator.
Pepper is quiet for a long moment.
Three shared bottles of the bar’s most expensive scotch later, he’d ordered a car and gratefully returned to the Williamsburg loft he and Steve have shared for the past year and a half.
There’s a hint of desperation in his voice and Steve softens against his will.  He sighs, taking a moment to consider Tony and whether or not he can unlearn the sensation of Tony’s lips on his or forget the feeling of their bodies crushing close.  He doesn’t know if he can but he has to try.  There’s too much else on the line.
Steve doesn’t know what he was expecting but when he steps inside, he’s a little surprised.  The apartment is very straightforward and simple, and nearly empty.  A small kitchenette to the right, the living room forward to the left.  A short hallway leads down to what he supposes must be the bedroom.  The ceilings are high, and the far living room wall is nothing but windows.  It’s all done up in varying shades of brown and rich blue, the furniture solid and plain.  The floors are all dark hardwood, polished to a shine.  There are no decorations on the walls, no books on the bookshelves.
It’s a steady, comforting pressure against his palm, tight around his fingers.  Sometimes the grip loosens or shifts, but it never ceases.
Tony fidgets with his cufflinks as if to keep his hands busy, away from Steve.
Despite having developed into a stronger, taller version of his formerly weak and tiny self, Steve still found himself stamped 4F on account of the lengthy list of ailments that dogged him since childhood. During one of his many failed trips to the recruitment office, a casting director, a kind man by the name of Erskine, had been doing some recruiting of his own. Pretending to be war hero “Captain America” in cheesy matinee serials and bond drives hardly seemed a good substitute for actual service, but it eventually got him the ears of enough powerful men that could get his form stamped 1A no matter what the doctors said. Howard Stark had been one of those men.
, more like, and Steve resists the feelings of shame and immodesty that start pricking under his skin as he’s laid out, bare and open, to Tony’s eyes. He squirms a little under Tony’s scrutiny, and Tony squeezes his knees as if to tell him to keep still.
.” Natasha grunts.  Tony throws up his arms.
“So either someone’s watching the back door and kicking us out, or the power’s intermittent.  Neither’s good.  Get changed.”  He’s ready except for the face plate, which he has flipped up as he crosses back to the computer, glancing at the screen and seeing what it’s doing.
Manhattan has changed.
James Buchanan Barnes tears them apart.
“I’ll grab some for you,” Steve offers the others even though they haven’t asked.  When he enters the kitchen, Tony’s rustling around in the fridge, beer bottles clinking as he grabs two in one hand and turns around.  Steve grabs the door to stop it from closing as Tony steps back.
Beleaguered, he stares at the sticky mess, the wet warmth seeping through the thin fabric to his palm.
Tony drops to his knees and mouths over the bulge in Steve’s tight blue hipster boxer briefs, his cock hard and heavy between his legs and straining against the thin material.  He looks up at Steve and finds him already wrecked, his eyes dark and his sculpted chest and stomach rising and falling quickly as he struggles to catch his breath.
“I don’t want you calling some god damn hotline saying I ripped you off-“
“I want to do everything with you, Steve. Everything.” He kisses Steve deeply, groaning at the taste of himself in Steve’s mouth. When he thumps his head back against the couch, he seems to be in a daze. “Can’t believe you made me come already. There’s so much I need to…”
Jane brought her wine glass outside with her, and she smiles at him around its rim as she takes a sip.
Except for the one who is somehow here yet doesn’t want to see him.
“Tony?”
Tony nods, then gestures to a twisted heap of scrap metal that Steve had brought in only yesterday.
“A razor?”
“Technically, Mr. Stark, this is the studio’s camera. And I only do what’s necessary – that’s my job.”
“Complain?”  Tony snorts.  “You’ve hardly spoken about it to anyone –”
Steve starts to say no, the response automatic, but then re-considers.  What else is he going to do?
*******
to the back of his mind, a surge of shame surging in to take its place.
“Pshh, I’m rewarding them handsomely for their patience, they all don’t mind.”  He waves off her concern, but this is the first time Steve’s heard a word of them overstaying their welcome.  He glances around the room, instantly ashamed.
“I only meant that it seemed like you tracked me down, and usually when someone tracks me down…”
A busboy finally comes by and clears off the table, wiping it down quickly and giving Steve a word of apology that he assuredly does not need. Steve musters a smile for him and Sam pats the young man on the shoulder before he walks away.
It’d totally be worth it.
But when he'd seen Loki's lips on Steve's, he'd seen red. He had instantly become violently angry over Steve with another man, as if he had the right. And that makes him all the more sick to think of what had really been happening. What Steve had been willing to do, to stoop to, all because Loki caught them in the one place Tony had thought would be safe.
“I like what you’re doing.  Kinda reminds me of fire.” Tony lifts his chin toward Steve’s work but then goes back to his own, moving something on the diagram suspended in front of him.
him concentrating, trying to regain control over his breathing.
Tony’s slight smirk shows that he already knew that full well. He picks up his wine and takes a sip, lips lingering on the edge of the glass and his fingers delicately cradling its curve.
“You wouldn’t have to doubt, you’d
He honestly does wonder if Steve really ever got to enjoy this on any other terms than fulfilling his dreams of patriotic service to his country.  He wonders if Steve and Bucky ever mapped out Steve’s body like new terrain, plotting tactical moves across the landscape of his skin.  Tony wants to know every inch of him and he can’t possibly imagine Barnes ever passed up the chance to do the same.
The elevator settles to a stop.
He also looks up at Steve like he wouldn’t be averse to taking off the rest of his clothes, and all of Steve’s too.
“Well.  You’ve got a bit more perspective.”  Steve nudges Bucky with his shoulder and Bucky nudges him back.
Steve is gone.
“If she does, I highly doubt she’d give it any mind. She doesn’t seem to be that faint of heart,” Steve replies, coughing to clear his throat. Half the reason he and Bucky had picked this place themselves was because the famous author’s associations with the neighborhood, though that had been Bucky’s interest, not his. Steve often reminds him that F. Scott made for a horrible screenwriter and he’d best pick a different idol, but Bucky is not to be persuaded.
He stares at the ceiling, arms folded in toward his chest and his fingers tapping out idle rhythms against the metal and glass of the arc reactor, until he hears the elevator doors open and Pepper clicking her way back into the room.
He manages to last another hour, unable to stop himself from watching Steve’s charcoal smudged hands deftly working over the broad page, noting the way Steve’s carefully combed hair has fallen forward in disarray over his forehead.
Tony glares at him as if he asked whether the Earth is round, the answer obvious.
“That’s not at all-“
“No, no, I want this deal. I want to be on this lot as much as humanly possible,” Tony replies quickly. Pepper’s eyes narrow.
“Because I’m not a twelve year old girl.”
“Of course I mean it, Cap.  Why don’t you go find Natasha and do some more making up, making out, whatever it is you that two are doing, and I’ll come find you when I finish fixing your friend.  Then the two of them can battle it out and you can leave me out of it.”
.  He rubs Steve’s shoulder.  “C’mon, old timer, you’ll get a second wind.”
“Can you
She takes a deep breath and straightens her shoulders, smoothes her hair, plasters on a bright smile.
“I suppose.”  He doesn’t mean to, but he drifts off into a memory of being fifteen, sitting in the rectory courtyard and drawing spring blossoming pink amongst the trees.  Bucky had somehow managed to scrounge up enough to buy him fancy Sakura Cray-Pas oil pastels for Christmas that year.  Steve had been torn between using them constantly to draw absolutely everything and using them only for the most special occasions in order to make them last as long as possible.  He knew Bucky put in long hours at the shop just to help pay the rent; art supplies were an extravagance neither could really afford.  Steve probably could’ve snuck home some ink and paper from his work at the comics studio, but it hardly felt right to do so.
“Everything good?” She asks, cool and undemanding.  He stops beside her, watching as Tony sets the pumpkin down and sets about lighting it up.  Tony gives him a double thumbs up as Iron Man begins to glow.  The carving isn’t perfect, but it seems right all the same.
But then he remembers.
“I mean it, Tony.” Bucky pauses again, swallowing hard. "If you're counting on me being the bigger person here..."
“Barnes?” Tony stares at the man sitting at the island, and Bucky stares back.  It’s a long moment before anyone acts, the room suddenly fraught with tension.
“That I do.” She stands on tiptoe and presses a kiss to his cheek, chaste and sweet. She may like teasing him, but they both know their relationship isn’t like that in the slightest. Before he got healthy, he never would have thought a woman like Natasha would pay him any mind and even if she had, he wouldn’t have known what in the world to say to her. Now they are the closest of friends and he could tell her almost anything.
“With a hard sell like that, Stark, how can I refuse…” Bruce leans back into the couch, resting his elbow on the back and leaning his head against his hand.  “I am a little confused though, as I thought…I thought you were done with all…
He stops speaking as he looks up at Bucky, who has both his hands shoved in his pockets like he doesn’t know what else to do with them. He looks both nervous and hopeful, but not at all upset. Maybe he had been at some point, but he’s not now.
Steve sits as the sun goes down, and remains there in the sweeping half-darkness of headlights, spotlights, city lights, and moonlight until the sun creeps back over the horizon and washes it all out into daylight.
. As if it were that simple. He has no wish to live through experiences like that again.
“How’d you find me?”  Steve asks, picking up a socket wrench from the battered toolbox sitting on the curb and bending back down to his bike.
Steve nods again.   He’d rather not go out at all, but considering Tony spent the last few hours sitting in a dark hotel room while Steve snored the evening away, he can’t imagine saying so.  He’ll do whatever Tony wants.
“Really.”
Steve, on the other hand, looks remarkably un-rumpled, hair parted and combed perfectly, pristine white tee stretched taut across his chest and the drawstring of his blue pajama pants tied tight around his hips.  It occurs to Tony that given Steve’s appearance, he probably hasn’t even laid down tonight, much less tossed and turned while trying to chase that impossible slumber.
Steve sighs, sitting up straight.
“This is a pretty good idea.  You figure this out on your own?”
“Not usually, it doesn’t.”
is up at Quad - you wanted to see that, right?”  Steve turns to look at him, blue eyes bright and grateful, and Tony finds himself inexplicably caught off guard by just how beautiful his boyfriend actually is.  It’s somehow surprising to him,
“Got anything stronger?”  He asks, though he hardly expects Steve to suddenly pull a bottle of Jack from some secret hiding place.   To his shock, Steve reaches into the small cabinet above the stove and pulls down a bottle of scotch.  “Your file says that you can’t drink.”
He shadows Steven Rogers through the city streets. While he begins by studying the way Rogers carries himself to detect any possible signs of injury, after four blocks his gaze is dropping from those broad shoulders down to the flexing muscles of the man’s ass as he moves.
*******
, even - and above all, tied to Steve.  Tied to Steve maybe more than most, in a taut line that stretches across oceans and ice, decades and wars and money and death and milestones unmarked because his father was off searching…elsewhere.
Tony presses his finger inside Steve’s body – not a lot, just barely the tip – and Steve’s hips snap forward. Tony had expected it enough to be ready to take it, but Steve pulls back quickly with a rushed apology, drawing out of Tony’s mouth entirely.
His name?  Does he have a name?  Is that his name?
New Yorkers don’t scare easily.
“Sergeant James Barnes is still alive, Captain.”
He grins and beckons Steve to follow him out of the elevator. The hallways of the hotel are narrow and winding, full of nooks and dark corners to get up to all kinds of questionable business. Tony’s suite is only around the corner, stretched along the side of the establishment facing the courtyard, with one neighbor across the hall, one above, and one below.
–” Bucky gestures toward Steve’s body yet again. “– ain’t you either. Random women, Steve?”
“Natasha cooked?”  Tony blurts, his surprise evident.  As if on cue, Natasha appears in the kitchen doorway, bread knife in hand and a hard, unwelcoming look on her face.  Tony takes a huge step back.
“If it means we get him back, I’ll live with that.”  He watches Bruce for a sign of disagreement, a bit of moral protest, but it’s not forthcoming.  It appears Bruce is okay with sacrificing Barnes in order to save Betty as long as Tony’s willing to do the same to save Steve.
Tony looks toward Steve again.  He wants to rebut Natasha’s statement but is momentarily distracted by watching Steve run a hand through Bucky’s messy brown hair.
He doesn’t answer her, instead going into the bathroom. He just as quickly turns back, pointing a finger at Pepper as he strikes upon an idea of what to do.
“You also need a shower because you smell like fifteen hundred miles of hard road.”
, feels in a way that is only supposed to exist in fantasy, not in real life.
Something in this infatuation with Steve Rogers has just shifted, and it seems wrong that all that could have happened in between three or four pushes of that tiny black minute hand.
“I invited the man over, I made him eggs!  Me!  In a kitchen! Is that not the perfect picture of someone getting over it?”  He swings his legs around till his feet hit the ground and Pepper slides easily into the empty space now made beside him.
“I can’t last, Tony, I’m gonna –” Steve chokes off, releasing Tony’s hair and reaching down to grab his own cock, trying to pull out. Tony chases after him, getting his lips back around the head just as Steve starts to come.
“No.  They’re not here for him.”  Natasha looks at Tony.  “Iron Man, where’s the Captain?”
the fun.”
“Pepper –”
Tony’s the key and Tony’s locked him out.
.” Tony snaps so harshly that Pepper actually starts, taken aback. She stares at him, eyes wide with concern. “Just call Borson like I said. Steve can’t help. It’s Loki’s damn
“Well…no.”
Tony leans back on his heels, tuning Thomas out and tilting his head to look at the high sheet metal ceiling, buttressed by wood rafters. Pretty solid construction. Humming lightly to himself, he lets his gaze wander aimlessly around the rest of the warehouse.
behind his eyes that Steve can’t read.
“I don’t follow.”
“She’s retiring. And she hasn’t had a hit in ten years.”
“I guess this year
Redemption cannot be his, but he knows enough to see he was the tool and not the hand. The hand must be slaughtered.
“You always know a guy.”  Tony eyes her suspiciously.
His days of cutting the wire are over.  So now he’s hopelessly tied.
.  He then gives Steve a small wave and leaves.
“He craves the attention,” Pepper says.  “His addictive personality doesn’t start with work and end at alcohol.”
follow through.”  Tony slides his phone back into his pocket and throws a glance back toward Steve.  “Well, this has been fun.  See you later, Cap.”
He’s saved from replying by his phone going off.  It’s an
“More like it takes you three tries to hit a dang nail on the head. So sad that everyone can’t be born with god given talent like me and Gabe here, but you keep working at it and maybe one day Rogers will let you hold more than your own dick in your hands.”
“I don’t know who this Barbara Walters is, but I can tell you that I’m hardly that complicated.  I always say exactly what I mean, Tony.”  It’s the hard truth, and one that’s gotten him into trouble more often than not.  Strong opinions, an overdeveloped sense of right and wrong and a big mouth aren’t the world’s best combination.   And it’s a hard truth that he’s sure sends Tony spinning back to that awful confrontation on the helicarrier.  Steve can’t lie; he had meant exactly what he said.  At the time.  “Doesn’t mean I can’t be mistaken.  I’m often mistaken.  And I’ll admit it when I am.”
be sweating.  That happens a lot, even now, after all this time – his mind at a disconnect with his body.   He supposes a part of him will always believe he’s sickly, scrawny Steve, always struggling, always fighting.
“We gotta go,” Steve states when he pulls away and Tony fights it, dragging him back. “You should go put on the suit.”
“Now, Captain-“
“What Clint said.” Natasha states simply, her arms crossed over her chest.  “I could play you, Steve, persuade you, even trick you into thinking it’s your idea, but I don’t like playing my friends.  Do you know any good burger joints nearby?  I want a burger.”
He fully intends to walk back home but stops somewhere near the middle of the Brooklyn Bridge.  The wooden planks rattle as cars rumble by beneath his feet, their drivers not even aware of his presence above their heads.  He remembers this feeling – knowing the bridge is stable yet
So he does.
“We can join them if you’d like.” Steve doesn’t sound all too keen on the idea though.
“You won’t know until you try.” Jane pats him on the elbow and heads inside, passing Natasha on her way. Natasha clinks glasses with her as they exchange places, Jane returning to her husband’s side indoors and Natasha joining him on the patio.
“Make yourself at home,” Bucky mutters around a mouthful of toothpaste, not sounding all that gracious.  He doesn’t ask if Tony’s here for Steve, because that much is a given.  Tony wanders toward the living room as Bucky disappears down the hallway, giving the bathroom door a cursory knock before barreling inside.  Tony can hear the shower running.
“Fine....just...it's fine. You know, it's healthier you don't have secrets, right? You're gonna have enough to deal with coming from out there. You don't need my shit between you on top of it, in here.” He runs his hands through his hair and then rubs them over his face. This is exhausting, unexpectedly finding a high and then crashing back low all over again.
He looks around the room, a little panicked, searching out the clock yet again. He’d been lost in the fantasy for mere minutes, but it feels like he’d lost hours to it.
“What?”
“Well, sir, I am certainly no Clark Gable.” Steve states.
Steve stares at Tony, not sure what to say or how to act.  Seeing Tony hurts, yes, but there’s also a strange sense of relief, like he’d been unknowingly holding his breath and now can exhale.  Tony looks beautiful in the way only Tony can be beautiful, smooth but just a little bit rough, suave but just a little bit broken.  Even with a short glance, Steve can see cracks in that polished veneer, the small things that make Tony gorgeous in ways well beyond his appearance.  Everything would be a lot easier if Steve couldn’t see them.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.  I’m physically incapable of looking anything less than one hundred percent amazing.  Today?  Actually one hundred and two percent.” Tony gestures up and down his body, knowing that however exhausted he feels he
The assignment seems to have Pierce torn between excitement and apprehension.  The other man is studying him closely; he’s clearly being gauged for a possible reaction.  Whoever the target is, his handler believes that there’s a possibility he’ll react poorly.
.” He stares at Tony, wanting him to understand. He doesn’t want to come between Steve and Tony, he doesn't want them to break up, but he just never expected that Tony would be the one to get what Bucky always wanted. To see Tony as the one to hold Steve’s thin, delicate body in his arms, to see that slight difference in how he smiled and laughed, or even the way his hair was a little softer and wispier as it fell over his forehead, his fingers so long and elegant when he brushed the wayward strands back.  Those had been his memories, and now Tony has them too.
“C’mon, Steve.  So you kissed, now people know.  If you think
He succeeded in his mission, yet somehow, he has failed.
“It wasn’t necessary—”
“I’ll call Happy to come and get you. You can look while we wait.” Tony ambles back toward the front door, gesturing for Steve to follow him. “He’ll be just a bit; I told him to stay around the gate house.” He’d said no such thing, but Happy knows the drill.
“Not really.  Am I bothering you?  I can leave.”
Steve ruts against him, feeling Bucky’s length starting to harden and fill again already. Instinctively he moves so that the head nestles between his cheeks, tip catching at his entrance, and his whole body heats at the suggestion of Bucky pressing into him.
“Ah, I see.”  Steve’s words are tight and clipped and Tony recognizes immediately where he just went wrong.
“Come here.”  Tony grabs Steve by the back of his t-shirt, pulling him close enough to manhandle properly.  He takes Steve’s hand and puts it under the steady stream, a sharp swath of skin pink and raised across his large palm.  “First time I’ve heard you swear, Cap.”
Steve freezes, sharply pulls back.  To his credit, he doesn’t drop Tony on his ass, keeping him up against the wall as they both turn their heads toward the noise.
“Then why don’t I…” Tony looks down at him, thoughtfully. “Did he kiss you?”
the sexiest thing I have
“Bite me, Dum Dum.” Morita makes an obscene gesture in his direction and both Dugan and Jones chuckle. “Quality work takes time; I take pride in my craftsmanship, unlike some people.”
“Tony, why would I blame you-“
“You better have a
They haven’t spoken since the day he first woke up, over a week before.  His visitors since then have been limited mainly to SHIELD personnel, an endless stream of specialists and psychologists and agents who wanted to draw out as much information from him as possible.  Bucky was usually allowed to see him at least once a day, and every day he looked a little worse.
“Hey, Buck,” Steve says, and even the simple greeting sounds different when the feeling behind it is entirely honest. Along with all the thoughts of Bucky that come rushing back to the fore, also comes an enormous swell of gratitude and love for Tony for encouraging him to finally face this head-on.
He gently pushes his body at Steve’s and Steve moves with him, too dumbfounded in the moment to fight it. Even though every inch of his body is screaming for him to shove Loki away, fear holds him back. Not fear for himself, but fear for Tony.
“Protective mama bear is surprisingly sexy on you.  I had
He also knows that Steve wouldn’t have it any other way.  He’d want Bruce’s gal to come first.  Part of him thinks he should honor Steve by seeing things that way too, but he’s too selfish to really see that through.  He’d sacrifice anything, even himself, if it meant Steve’s safe return.
His gaze follows Nat as she slips across the kitchen and deposits the empty container in the trash and the spoon into the dishwasher.  He wonders if she intentionally means to move like this all the time or if it’s been drilled into the core of her being like so much else.  She turns to face him as she pushes the dishwasher firmly closed behind her.
“You scraped up her whole underside.” Tony bends to run a hand over the damage. He can feel the deep scratches and dents rough and ragged beneath his fingertips. “Look at this mess.” Rhodey clucks his tongue at him.
“But you have an opinion, you always do.”  Tony turns fully to face him, stepping in closer so they can converse without straining to be heard over the din.
“Because he is everything.” Bucky states quietly, practically reading Tony’s mind. “He’s everything, and I’m nothing without him. He loved me before, loves me now, but somewhere in between he fell in love with you too. He has enough love for that, for the both of us. I ain’t worried.”
'Historical', that’s what he is now.
“Perhaps you and Stark will share a jail cell,” Loki tosses over his shoulder as he turns to leave. “That would work out wonderfully for you both.”
“Nat, I dig your hot pink bra, by the way,” Bucky abruptly changes topic, looking down pointedly at the shock of neon color showing through her black crocheted dress.
“Very.” Tony moves in first for the kiss this time, still smiling as their lips brush.  Tony’s teasing, promising more and then easing back until it’s more like they’re sharing breath than kissing.  The playfulness gives way to something dangerously passionate when Steve finally slips his hands into the back pockets of Tony’s jeans and urges their bodies together.  He doesn’t even care that they’re not alone, that anyone can see.  This isn’t 1940, and this isn’t Bucky.
“You got this for a few?” Tony asks, gesturing toward Steve.
“Okay, so…good.  If you’re cool, I can arrange for my guys to pick up the stuff from your place in Brooklyn.”
“Pep…” He sags under the weight of it, too much for him to bear.  She moves close enough to hug him, but she doesn’t do anything more than set a hand on his shoulder.  Bruce excuses himself silently, clearly aware that Pepper needs Tony alone.
Tony Stark’s been many things, and broken many rules, and people can lay any number of grievous misdeeds at his door, but he’s never been a cheater.
“Put my…?”  He’s boggled by Tony’s refusal to answer his question.
“We’re all good, Mr. Stark. I swear. Promise.” Peter assures him, but the pitch of his voice is so high it gives him away entirely.
“JARVIS?”  He calls out, suddenly exhausted.
What he didn’t understand was the invitation itself, as he’s been told regularly that his sense of fashion is deplorable.  Tony explained that Pepper wanted to upgrade her arm candy – whatever that means – but Steve suspects it’s because Pepper picked up on Steve’s overall malaise whenever she showed up at the mansion, looking more beautiful than a movie star, and whisked Tony away for hours on end.
*******
“JARVIS, how about something that doesn’t make my ears bleed.”  The next tune is one Steve doesn’t recognize, but it makes Tony pull out his phone and hit the off switch with a violent shudder.  “Aerosmith?  Christ, JARVIS, I wonder about you sometimes.”  He fiddles around for a minute, then presses a final button and then sets the phone aside on one of the end tables.
dance with her guy, Tony.”  Steve comes to stand behind him, gently pushes him at the backs of his shoulders and gets him to stand up.  “Thank you for the invitation, Pepper, but I guarantee your feet will be all the much better for it if Tony does the honors.”
“Don’t let you get out much, do they.”
being…?”
“Always the nurse, Ma,” Steve whispers to himself, almost out of habit.  It was a frequent reply of his, both lovingly fond and exasperated.
“You didn’t enjoy it?”
.  You’re Wyatt, obviously, since y’know, you actually
than it used to be.”
Bruce signals Tony to come over and they put the book down on the table between them, Bruce on one side and Tony on the other. As Bruce flips the cover open, a square black and white photograph slips out and onto the floor. Tony stoops to pick it up, holding it loosely between two fingers as he hands it back to Bruce.
Steve shudders in the aftershocks, overwhelmed. It feels like every inch of his body is quivering like a live wire. He’s unsure how long it takes for him to settle, to come back down.
Probably explains why he went for Tony.
“Because I’d surely never be able to tell time otherwise.”  Her tone is bone dry.  She sets a hand on his shoulder.  “However, it’s something you apparently need a refresher on.”
“I hate you so much right now.”  Tony mutters and slumps down to the floor.  Steve feels bad about it later, but he has to laugh.
So Steve fixes one more plate, Jan pours another glass of wine, and they set a fourth place for dinner.
“Eh, I’ll just call his manager. Charles is the best at soothing his bruised ego, it’s better to leave it to him.” Steve opens his mouth to protest halfheartedly; every minute of one of Erik’s tantrums means more of Tony’s money swirling down the drain, not to mention an increasingly aggravated cast and crew. Yet the prospect of a brief respite with Tony alone is appealing enough for him to falter in his sense of propriety and duty.
“Nope.”
“Let me know if anything changes.”
On the other hand, this thing with Steve and Bucky has been going on for decades, and now Bucky has finally said it out loud, brought the subtext to the surface where it can no longer be ignored. He frankly isn't sure what to do with that. But not doing anything isn't going to work.
Steve pulls Tony close to him again, encircling him and tucking his hands into Tony’s back pockets.
“Tony thinks it’s funny.” His dry, chapped lips crack as he forces a weak smile. “Actually works real good as a neck pillow, keeps me propped up.”
Steve has the flu.
“Now you believe in privacy?” Tony mutters as she closes the door behind her. His thumb hovers over one of the missed calls, and he hesitates for a few moments before finally pressing down to send the call back.
“Dr. Betty Ross.”
He kisses somehow exactly like Steve thought he would, but also differently. Better. He guides Steve through it like they’ve been kissing for years, the angle of their heads and the slant of their mouths knowing and assured. Bucky’s tongue slides against his and his fingers tangle in Bucky’s hair and he could do this forever; they have so much lost time to make up for.
“Captain Rogers-“
“Tin Man stay down.”
“Tony? Let me take care of it, okay?” Steve cuts him off. He lets go and backs toward the door, knowing that any second that same PA will have to come back and retrieve him if he doesn’t get going soon. “It will be nice. I promise.”
“And I’m sure smiling is all they’d do.”
“A nice looking thing?” Tony repeats in disbelief as Happy helps him up from the floor.  He wishes he could’ve completed that move with more grace but he’s really getting too old to be spending nights passed out on marble tile.  Every part of his body hurts.  “A nice looking thing?”
“Bet you a dollar that neither of us ever meet the man.”
“You’re alive and that’s impossible.”  Fury points out and Steve starts to rebut but Natasha cuts him off.
Pepper’s face betrays nothing as she takes one step forward, reaches out and takes the glass from his loose grasp.
in New York, Tony?” Steve interrupts, nearly closing the space between them with two broad steps forward. “Just tell me what happened. Or whatever it was that I did to drive you away.”
“I love you.”  Steve kisses him again before he has a chance to reply, maybe not wanting to make Tony feel he has to say it back.  And Tony would have said it back, if not for the fact that hearing the words fall from Steve’s lips sends him spiraling over the edge long before he thought he would.  His orgasm wrenches out of him, his cock twitching untouched as his come spurts all over the countertop in a fantastic mess.  His climax seems endless, pumping until there’s nothing left.  It seems a rather undignified response to a declaration of love but he couldn’t help it.
“Stevie here graciously invited me over for a meal. Very neighborly of him, don’t you think, Jimmy?”
Steve blinks rapidly, processing the implication.  Then he’s beaming, unable to help it.
“I think we’re over that.  We both got each other wrong.  Bygones.  I mean, if you need to hug it out, guess we can.  But we don’t need to.”
They wind down slowly, easing off as Bucky relaxes.  He slumps to rest his forehead against Steve’s, murmuring something too low for Tony to hear.  Tony stands stock still as Bucky laps up the evidence of his orgasm from Steve’s skin, starting at his neck and working his way back toward his mouth. The two men begin to kiss, a few rather chaste pecks in-between whispered words that evolve into longer, deeper exchanges, mouths working leisurely and tongues tangling and pressing as if Steve and Bucky are still trying to climb into each other, merge into one.
“Oh, I’m no good, Miss – Pepper.  I’m sure Tony would love to dance with you.” Steve shakes his head, glancing Tony’s way.
“I do, in fact.” Coulson frowns, clearly resenting the implication that this is anything he should not be proud of.
“I’m not…” Steve pulls back slightly, casting his gaze downward.  “Tony, I just thought…” He rubs his hands over his face, getting a streak of paint across his cheekbone.
“It means that I think Tony and I have a lot of work to do—with each other—if we’re going to try this.”
, even – to make introductions.” Jane picks up her full glass of red wine from the coffee table and uses it to gesture toward her assistant. “Don’t lie to this poor man.”
“Yes he
Steve’s sculpture.
Tracking Steve down and kissing him senseless seems like a mistake worth making.
*******
Steve releases his hold on Tony’s hair immediately and Bucky quickly reaches over, metal hand flat on Steve’s stomach to pin him down. Tony draws off Steve with a strangled gasp for air.
Tony is
“Cap won?”
Maybe if Steve were in a less bitter mood, he could admit that he’s selfishly a little pissed at having one of the very few people he knows decamp for greener pastures, but right now he doesn’t want to think it’s about Stark abandoning
“I should leave so you can sleep.”  Natasha says after awhile and he realizes his eyes have been drifting closed.  He also realizes that it’s more like Natasha to let him fall asleep and leave quietly on her own.  She wouldn’t wake him up just to tell him to go back to sleep.
“More than I’d like,” Tony admits shakily.
“Yes, I was just informed of that fact.  Belatedly, I might add.”  He glares at nothing in particular; it’s hard to aim a withering stare at JARVIS.  “Did you talk to him?”
“I’m not going to –” Steve starts angrily. As if his body is deliberately out to prove him wrong, a fierce cough takes hold of him just then; he curls in on himself, the hand around the soup involuntarily tightening. The flimsy plastic curves under the pressure and the force of his cough shakes the liquid violently. Hot broth splashes over his fingers and wrist, drips down to the blankets and onto the couch.
“And I want you to think about what you’re doing here before someone gets hurt.”
“I’ve always wanted a pony.”
There will be no birds kept at Stark Mansion.
The hatred that wells up within him is real and raw and different from anything he’s felt toward the man before.
Steve gasps lightly at the stretch, at the feeling of being so full as Bucky slides in, inch by inch. He stares up at Bucky and Bucky’s gaze refuses to waver from his until he’s fully seated. Then his eyes flicker closed for just a moment as if he’s overcome.
“Vegas?  Tony, no-“
“Finish up your pumpkin, you jerk.”
of his homes.
“All of these movies are set in New York.” Sam observes.  “You guys got a theme goin’?”
Steve’s momentarily confused, but then the waiter glances at Steve with a slightly panicked look that’s quickly masked by a polite, eager smile. Steve instantly knows that this is not about any wine cellar.
Tony completely believed Steve when he’d said there’d never been anything romantic between him and Bucky, but it’s easy to doubt when the man stands protectively by Steve’s side, so enviably and so comfortably in Steve’s space. The lines of the man’s body are hard, the planes of his face sharp, and in the dim light Tony can see no love lost for him in Bucky’s cool blue-grey eyes. Even still there’s a soft curve to him, something yearning and tender that radiates from him and envelops Steve.
“I don’t like Stark. But…I quite like you. I’ve seen you at my brother’s parties before, you know, even if you didn’t notice
"No worries, Pete, I'll keep this just between us." He's serious, not teasing, but only for a moment. He pushes off Peter’s thigh as he stands. “But, uh, you really might want to hit the men’s room, cause that doesn’t look like it’s going anywhere anytime soon.”
“Theoretically, yes, it is possible.”  Tony retorts, not stuttering in his movements even the slightest.  “Hey, do you like your digs?  Pepper refused to let me have any fun, something about me inflicting my personality on others, yada yada, so I apologize if it’s boring as hell.  But you’re artistic, right?  Right.  You can do something with it – hopefully something more than your hovel in Brooklyn though, cause that place was
, don’t you think? Rather than basically pinning a note to Steve like an abandoned baby on a doorstep saying
.  It’s about this absolute lout of a guy who finds out, after his father dies, that he has an older brother who is autistic and has spent his life in a home.  His dad, who was pretty much the asshole to end all assholes, actually leaves all the family money to
“It’s nothing serious.”
“No. It doesn’t.” Bucky reaches out, wanting to still Steve’s hand, maybe hold it in his own. But Steve moves away, bringing his hand up to cover his mouth as he coughs again.
Tony stares at the man responsible for this mess.  James Barnes.  Bucky.  Steve’s Bucky.
And Lord, she holds her hand out toward Steve -
“I’m sorry.  When I said that, I suppose I just wasn’t used to today’s architecture.  The Empire State was still the height of modernity when I…” Steve makes a vague gesture with his hand, searching for the right word.  “Left.”
, he was my
“I’ll take that as a compliment on my svelte form and not a comment on how easy I am to miss.” She slyly kids, adjusting her mink stole around her shoulders.
Taking off without saying a word to anyone hadn’t really been a scenario Tony had run down.   He shouldn’t be surprised he knows less about Steve than he thought he did, considering how hard he’d tried to avoid getting close to the man.
“How about a musical?”  Tony picks up
“Home sweet home, Cap.”  Clint announces as they step into a small foyer.  There’s a large oak door directly across from the bank of elevators; a much smaller, polished steel version of his red, white and blue shield is affixed about eye level.  There’s another keypad and print scanner on the wall to the right of the door.   Clint punches in a code and gestures for him to press his thumb to the small black screen.  “JARVIS can help you reset this to a personal pass code.  Until then, I promise not to break in and steal your shit.”
“Steve Rogers,” he finally says. Tony stops walking.
“Not a fink, Cap. Far as Fury’s concerned, I’m playing craps and getting disturbingly drunk in Monte Carlo, still rip roarin’ mad about being lied to about your pal Barnes.”  He takes the wrench from Steve, leaning in close to point out the problem.  “That’s not what you want to be doing.  It’s routed to the back of the air plate and something’s probably come loose, that’s why the oil’s misting from where it shouldn’t.  All new cycles are built this way now; it’s an EPA thing, that’s probably why you don’t know-” Tony stops himself mid-ramble.  His face is dangerously close to Steve’s.  “Anyway.”
Steve doesn’t have anything to add so he stays quiet; the two of them had summed it up quite well.
Bruce pauses, digging into his free range, organic scrambled eggs.  He swallows a bite and then continues, gesturing with his fork.
He’s really just digging himself a bigger hole here.
Tony scratches his eyebrow with his thumb, and bites his lip with annoyance as he considers the truth of Steve’s words.
, enough that Tony can feel it drip from his lips and onto his chin, his chest. He doesn't care. Steve actually does taste good – that hadn’t been an ego-stroking lie – barely bitter and surprisingly light. Tony swallows it down greedily and Steve exhales a shaky string of expletives, shuddering all over again.
.   If only –
He wishes he could tell Bucky the truth about where he’d been and what he’d done. He wishes he could tell him how dizzy in love he’d felt last night, and how desolate and heartbroken he’d felt this morning when he’d left that hotel room.
He lifts his drink to Darcy in a toast of commiseration. Darcy snorts a laugh and clinks her glass against his before taking a long, long sip. Steve’s eyebrows rise as she drains it empty.
to start calling me Pepper.  I’d hate to have to start yelling at you.”  She reaches up, taps him on the chin.  “I was in Denver to meet with someone about a contract; Tony called and told me you were nearby.  I thought I’d come see how my boys were doing on their cross-country adventure.  Hope you don’t mind.”
One by one, gaps start filling in.
Steve puts up a hand to cut him off and Tony halts mid-sentence.  Steve pushes his plate of food away and leans back in his chair.
“Yep.”
He pulls back slightly, his smile turning rueful.
, Steve,
“Tony…”
Always the stronger one, she pulls away, disentangling herself from his hold.
There
of all things is what gets Bucky to finally step in.
“Have you lost your mind?” Pepper’s voice pitches higher. “What were you thinking?”
“Don’t we need music?”  Steve asks, hoping for an out, but he should’ve known that in today’s day and age, finding music at any given point in time is a weak challenge.
“All relationships are a bargain.”  Tony sits upright, hands gesturing to animate his point.  “Deals, compromises, negotiations, or whatever term you want to use.  Though you should consider sticking with ‘bargain’ because with behavior like this, I think the overall connotation of ‘cut rate prices’ might help you to get people to buy what you’re selling, if you ask me.”
