Steve began taking off his clothes, putting them away in a chest that was left outside as Tony stared at the alpha’s butt.
The beta wolf henchman led him down the hallway, to another room where two guards were standing either side of the door. Tony looked them over, eyes furrowing. He didn’t recognise the men, but he recognised the bodyguard outfits and guns immediately. Tony walked into the room, a scowl on his face. The omega let out a growl upon seeing the man who made his life hell for years. The one that left him to die in the woods. He’d never thought he would see Obadiah Stane again.
Tony woke up, one of Steve’s arms draped over him as the alpha slept. Tony sat up carefully, minding the blonde’s arm, and looked around. No one else was around and the sun that was covering them had moved, leaving them in the shade. Tony shivered a little as the wind picked up. It was warm in the sunshine but now it was pretty chilly.
Steve gulped and sniffed the air, confirming that this was definitely the omega he had been so affected by, the one he had come across in the forest last night too. He was stunning in both wolf and human form. He had been so worried and felt almost abandoned when he turned around that night to see the omega wolf gone as Bucky and Natasha approached him after he had shown affection to the smaller wolf. Taking a step forward, Steve looked over the brunette, his wrist was wrapped in a bandage causing the alpha to remember the smaller male injuring himself that night. Taking a few more steps forward so he was directly in front of the wolf, Steve continued to take in the omega and knew he was doing the same to him. Frowning at how thin he was, the alpha just wanted to reach out, to touch and comfort him. His fur must have hidden it last night in the woods, he recognised him being small in size, omegas generally were, but seeing the older male in human form showed that he wasn’t just small but malnourished. Clint and Natasha had rescued him, meaning he could have been treated badly in a pack before and Steve tried not to think of anything horrible happening to the omega he didn’t even know and suppressed a whine. Brown eyes met blue and Steve tried to find something to say, but he couldn’t. He was lost in the wolf’s chocolate eyes, his scent surrounding the alpha at their proximity. There was no doubt the omega recognised him too.
“Just shut up.” Tony shook his head, running his hand through Sam’s fur as the wolf approached the pair.
The omega carefully climbed out of bed, minding not to wake the alpha, and made his way over to the boxes. He had been stripped down to his boxers and was wearing one of Steve’s t-shirts, the alpha’s scent surrounding him making Tony blush even though no one was around or awake to know.
“They’re not my pack.” Brooke gave a confused look at the omega’s statement, but he cut in before she could question him further. “Did you want to sit with us?”
//Tony looked up at the female sitting beside him in shock. She was now looking directly at Tony, her deep brown eyes full of understanding.
It would be highly unlikely that Tony would survive the rest of the night, especially with the little scraps of food he had been running on for the past few days. He definitely wouldn’t survive the week on his own. Wolves were pack animals, few went off on their own, especially omegas, as they wouldn’t be able to survive an attack from a territorial shifter pack.
The alpha left the table to get the ice creams, leaving Tony alone with his thoughts. Tony tried to think about the best way to get around this. He wasn’t breaking things off with Steve, he couldn’t even imagine doing that. He still cared about the alpha so much and half of him was screaming at him to ignore the panic and just continue with their courting as it was, but something inside of him had panicked and the omega couldn’t ignore it. It wouldn’t be fair on either of them. He didn’t want to have another panic attack further down the line in their courting for it to end it, due to Tony not handling things when he should have.
Steve nodded, glaring at Clint who had started to laugh. “Yeah. Let’s go, doll.” Steve led them out of the door.
“Jeez, I thought Clint was the dramatic one.” The beta muttered under his breath, Steve chose to ignore him.
“It’s nice to meet you, Tony.” Steve took note of the smaller male’s shivering form. He was only in a dress shirt and it was cold out. “Here.” Steve stopped, taking off his jumper before handing it over to the brunette.
“Actually, I was wrong. He might find your body. Such a shame that the Captain would lose both his pretty little omega and his pups. It might just be the break we need to take over SHIELD.”
Steve locked eyes on Tony for the first time in months, the omega struggling in the tight grip the alpha had on him. He was malnourished, his cheekbones more defined than before. There was a large gash on his forehead, no longer bleeding but with dried blood down the side of his face and he had a black eye too.
“Come on, let’s get you to the quinjet.” Steve pulled back a little, smiling at the brunette before standing.
Thank you to ShaharSpider, QueenE as always, ILoveyou3000x, airelemental101 and SpazkittyX3 for leaving comments and everyone who has left kudos and reads my story. It means a lot to me :)
And if Steve couldn’t get to sleep because he was far too excited over finally admitting he loves Tony, and the omega replicating it too, Tony didn’t have to know.
“You lied to me.” The omega began, turning away from Steve and taking out some PJs from his draw. “You fucking lied to me, Steve. You could have at least told me the truth.”
A shy smile formed on the omega’s face before turning mischievous as he literally bounded over to Bruce. Tony might be older than Bruce, but he was a child deep down.
He didn’t know how much the omega usually drank, but it was a lot last night. He was very drunk last night, his words occasionally slurred and he did talk a lot. But Bruce wondered if this was only the tip of the iceberg. Maybe he would be able to talk to the omega about it at some point.
“We’ll work something out. But at least for now, you can go to and from work with Bruce. Or if any of the others are around while he isn’t you can go with one of us. I can’t let you get taken away again.”
Tony ignored Steve, pulling him away from the blanket so they were standing on the grass. Without saying anything, the omega took Steve’s hands and placed them on his waist, smiling up at the alpha who looked like a deer caught in headlights as he stared at his hands.
“Oh no, Tony has to go home. You lot have had enough fun tonight.” The alpha shook his head, briefly looking over at the three wolves that had pouts. “No ganging up on me, this isn’t fair.”
“I’m serious Tony. Don’t put yourself down so much, you’re amazing. Alpha’s don’t invite non-pack members into their territory without a meaning.” The female omega shrugged, picking up her glass and bringing it to her lips. “And he let you keep his jumper, which
“It’s adorable.” Tony stopped, looking over at them too before letting out a soft sigh. “So this is goodnight, huh?”
He just had to go off with the two drunk wolves, gushing about their alpha and probably embarrassed himself loads in front of the male that picked them up. Clint and Natasha constantly made comments about him and Steve, teasing them both and making the alpha angry and very uncomfortable. Tony’s embarrassment never subsided upon realising that he stayed at their house, slept in the blonde’s arms and then he got asked to come to dinner upon trying to sneak out. Steve had dropped him off at SHIELD and didn’t say anything about Tony wearing and keeping his jumper if he noticed.
Don’t get Tony wrong, he loves his pack, he loves Steve. But he also loves his own space. And while all of this overprotectiveness was very sweet of them, it was starting to annoy the omega.
“Hey.” Clint’s eyes narrowed, looking at Tyler. “I know you… Wait you tried to get it on with Tony when he told you no!” The archer stood up from his spot, Natasha doing the same beside him, ready to launch over the table. Steve and Rhodey let out growls, glaring at Tyler, preparing to fight off the young alpha.
Steve’s phone began to ring. The alpha didn’t even notice at first until Natasha gently nudged him. Steve took out his phone, no caller ID, but he answered anyway, bringing the phone up to his ear.
“Actually, I didn’t go to work today. I decided to give myself the day off.” Tony explained, shooting over a glare at Bruce who snorted. “I kept myself busy though.”
“It will be fine. But I will go and call now, just to check.” The redhead made her way out of the room, her phone already to her ear.
The alpha smashed the glass before jumping out of the building, just as the beeping got louder and faster before stopping. He landed and looked up at the building in confusion before a loud bang went off, only having seconds to curl up and pull his shield to protect himself from the falling debris.
“You are a pain in the butt, Tony.” Bruce walked over to the omega, sitting on the bed and passed over the glass.
Bruce looked hesitant. Honestly, he wasn’t sure if this was a good idea. He had already been out yesterday with Tony, and although Steve was a very laid-back alpha, he wasn’t sure if he should be spending this much time away from the back. The female beta picked up on his worries.
Pepper and Tony would always have a number system. Tony would have a lot of panic attacks and general worries about everything growing up. Tony would give a number out of five whenever he was going into a panic about anything. Some of the time it would be silly things, like the outfit that Tony was calling about and being dramatic on purpose. But both knew when it was something serious.
“It was good. I met someone new today, an omega wolf, he has just taken up a job opportunity with SHIELD. We’re going to be working together a lot. He’s very smart, a genius.” Bruce began before beginning to eat his dinner as Steve sat down on the barstool beside him. “I didn’t get a lot closer to finishing my project, but I’m about there.”
“I only know this happened because I saw the video, I have no recollection of the night and if I hadn’t seen the video my friend Rhodey recorded I would have denied it completely even if though it was something I would have done back then. Normally he would be trying to chase me down, but I was being compliant, so the bitch decided to record me to prove what a mess I had been. Pepper is the only other person who has seen it.” The omega began, placing his scotch down on the table.
“What about territory checks? Looking after the new members? All that other alpha-y stuff?” tony tilted his head to the side before taking a bite out of the toast.
Tony moved Clint’s quiver, so it was tucked away with the other equipment, where he found what he was looking for. He grabbed Steve’s shield, surprised at how light it was before going back up onto the main floor. He left the house, locking the door with the key he had been given and walked down the drive to the main road, so he could be picked up. The car soon arrived, and he got inside, asking the driver to take him through the Starbucks so he could get a coffee. Once Tony was dropped off at SHIELD, he made his way up to his workshop, the receptionist gave him a weird look, as not many people were around at 4 am, especially carrying a shield but not in gear.
“You always accuse me of doing something to Steve! I did nothing.” Clint had just managed to calm himself down, wiping his eyes.
I don't know if anyone would be interested in them lol as they're a bit different from the other's I had planned if you remember from before but some of them include:
“I’m sorry Agent Carter, but I’m going home.” Tony sighed. “I think I’ve caught a stomach bug. I can’t focus on my work while feeling like I’m going to be sick every five seconds.”
Clint’s eyebrows rose, a smirk spreading across his face. Steve was prepared for an onslaught; no doubt Thor had told them what the two wolves were doing just before but in his own way and blowing it out of proportion even if the lion didn’t mean to.
“You and your friend really thought you could get out of here?” The alpha smirked as a guard came up to him with a catcher pole, putting it around Tony’s neck, causing the omega to growl.
“So am I. Magic is just an illusion. The dumb are fooled by-” The omega was cut off by Steve kissing him gently.
Tony let out a sigh. Steve made a logical point and he couldn’t argue against it. They had been courting for almost four months now and it didn’t look or feel like it was going to stop anytime soon.
The golden wolf sniffled around the omega’s underbelly and went to nuzzle into it, to which Tony let out a warning growl before he realised what he was doing. The alpha’s head turned to face the omega, letting out a whine as if to apologise to him before sitting in front of the smaller wolf. Seeing that the larger wolf wasn’t a threat either, and his growl didn’t anger the dominant male and had accepted his submission, Tony rolled onto his stomach and looked up at the alpha who leaned in close again, nuzzling against the side of the omega’s snout.
“I didn’t put it together, Rhodey comes from a war pack so I thought there was just an ally between them, with the weapons and all. I’m sorry about your father Tony. I didn’t know the man even had a son… But you’re not him.”
“Steve will be out in a minute. He said to get ready.” Tony told the rest of them, everyone nodding in response, going over to the chest that their clothes were kept in whilst they were out.
“Hardly anyone knew I even existed. That I was his son, Pepper. Businessmen and other packs would think I was just another worker and point out our similarities. When it seemed that they were growing suspicious, he moved them away from me or I would conveniently have big projects to complete. He didn’t care. He was ashamed and wanted to hide me away.”
“This is JARVIS. My highly advanced A.I. developed by yours truly.” Tony explains, a smug smirk playing on his lips. “JARVIS, this is Bruce Banner.”
“My aunt and uncle looked after me with their pack.” Peter bit his lip, eyes watering. “Are they dead too?”
Yeah, he may have also set up JARVIS now the pack had gone out too. That was going to be a nice surprise for them when they got back.
Taking the plunge, Tony formed a text and sent it to the alpha before he could talk himself out of it.
He had been trying to make sure that Clint, Bucky and Sam wouldn’t be able to harass the smaller wolf too much. Even though they said they wouldn’t, Steve just knew they’d be making comments to wind him up which could make the omega uncomfortable.
The rest of the avengers sped up, praying that Natasha and Clint were okay as they climbed to the top of the hill. Steve was horrified at the site.
The boy lifted his head, he had curious brown eyes that reminded the alpha of Tony. The pup looked Steve over before sniffing. “Not allowed to speak to strangers.”
“The pack is waiting for you. The mission. Remember?” Bucky spoke, glancing over at the omega before raising his eyebrows at the blonde.
“Just a little.” Tony held up his hand, index finger and thumb close together in the universal sign for small.
“You’re a smart one, huh?” Steve retorted, looking towards the stairway upstairs. The house upstairs had been ransacked and the village was ruined. The delta pup would be able to piece things together.
It was a familiar practice for both of them, Tony having regular panic attacks growing up and Pepper being the one to help and support him. Once Tony’s breathing seemed to be back on course, Pepper ran a hand through Tony’s hair, humming gently and ignoring the sweat.
“Steeveee.” Tony grinned, pulling open the door. Everyone was there, panicked looks across their faces.
“I can get that losing a pack member or mate to be scary but you’re perfectly capable of looking after yourself.”
Steve sat beside Tony as Steve Jr flew over, beeping happily as he landed on the omega’s lap. This seemed to signal the other bots, the four of them flying into the room and swarming around Tony.
The female omega had a bandage wrapped around her hand and was wearing baggy, faded white, almost grey, shirt and pants. Tony looked down at his matching outfit, scowling.
“I was born in Manhattan, New York but I moved around the States a lot growing up. But my pack -my family, they live on the outskirts of Brooklyn, near Queens, which is also in New York.”
“Sure. I believe I’m free tonight.” Tony began, shrugging, taking out his phone. “What’s your number?”
“Right. Yes.” Steve nodded, taking one last look at the omega before leaving the room, his second in command catching up to him. “Not a single word, Bucky.” The alpha spoke, noticing the beta’s smirk. “Not a word.”
“I think if he resented omegas, he wouldn’t have given me the job and let me remain in the pack.” Pepper paused, looking down at Tony to see if it was okay for her to continue. They had talked about much darker moments of Tony’s in the past, but she still wanted to make sure he was okay with the topic. Tony nodded before closing his eyes. “He didn’t hate you because you were an omega. He didn’t hate you at all. He was scared because you were an omega.”
Tony was pretty sure he fell asleep because when his eyed opened, he was in Steve’s arms as the alpha walked them into his room and over towards the bed. The omega let out a soft, happy hum as he was lowered to the bed, eyes now looking up at the alpha’s blue ones. Even though it was dark in the room, a shifter’s eyesight was much better than a human’s, allowing the two wolves to see each other.
Bruce let out another laugh, giving a wave as he went through the doors that lead to the stairs. The delta was thankful that Tony didn’t comment on the lab coat because he really couldn’t lie to save his life, no matter how many times Natasha had practised with him. Bruce fumbled around for his keys as he went down the steps, nodding to another scientist as they walked up. He kept the lab coat tucked under his arm as he left the stairs, waving to the receptionist as he passed her and out of the glass doors. The scientist let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding in, stopping briefly before going to his car to take the thirty-minute ride back home.
“You just eat so much. I can understand Steve and Thor, they’re alphas. But you, you have a stomach of an alpha. It’s like a black hole in there.” The beta nudged the archer playfully as they walked along the pathway. “We should call NASA.”
I have put // warnings too for a bit about Tony's past. It's only short, but I don't want anyone to be triggered by it.
He did have a tendency to strip and run around naked when drunk, shouting “I’m Stark naked!” to anyone and everyone, as Rhodey and Pepper chased him down to get him to bed. Tony wasn’t as fast as Rhodey but was smaller so he could slip through places the alpha couldn’t, whereas Pepper could follow him into the small places in which he escaped, but he was faster than her. At first Tony could be running around for ages, one time at a MIT Students Christmas party he got away with being naked for half the night before running and knocking on people’s doors, but the two wolves learnt to work together in the end and the male omega was lucky if he could get in ten minutes.
“Not a threat!” Tony rushed out, his hands shot out in front of him to keep his long-term friend in his place, Tyler also looking concerned for the omega. There was so much protectiveness radiating from the three alphas’ over the small wolf, Tony felt claustrophobic.
“Lab!” Tony exclaimed, drawing out the vowel as he ran into the elevator and pressed the button for the first floor. “Boom time.”
A loud bang went off from the other side of the building, the warning alarm blaring from outside the room. Wanda had set off the bomb as a distraction successfully, it was their turn now.
“I don’t want things to end between us… But can we just maybe take things a little slower for now? I think meeting the pack, while fun it was and I think they’re great, don’t get me wrong, kind of overwhelmed me and I think I need a little while before going back to meet them again at once.” Tony gave a nervous smile before licking his ice cream that had began to melt and drip down his hand.
Tony went to turn, to find a different route, but more guards came up behind him. They pointed their weapons at him, backing him up into a corner. Tony couldn’t fight them off. He couldn’t risk a thing while pregnant. The omega let out a whine, lowering down to the ground as more guards surrounded him. It wasn’t long before Brock came running over.
“What do you want me to do?” Tony asked, looking at Steve as the alpha took a few plates from Bucky.
“I can help.” Steve smiled, climbing out of the bed and stretching before walking over to the omega. “Did you have a good day?” Steve asked, arms wrapping around Tony from behind.
“I don’t mind hunting,” Natasha added. If Tony remembered correctly it was her turn for dinner tonight.
“Sorry, Tony.” The omega looked at Nat. Her hair was ruffled, and she had a few scratch marks on her face and neck. Clint was in no better shape, no doubt he was going to have a bruise in the morning.
ed Tony lasted for another week. He was surprised he lasted this long. All he wanted to do was work on some projects again. But he wasn’t able to go back to SHIELD HQ again and at least one member of the pack, mainly Steve, was with him at all times. They were smothering him. He hasn’t even been able to see any of his friends since coming back. So, if Tony was sneaking out of the house, thanks to help from JARVIS, at 2 am then no one else had to know.
The omega stood, licking Steve’s muzzle before the alpha walked away. Tony looked over at the wolves he was playing with before, they both had their heads hung low.
The two nodded before running off, Steve walking in the opposite direction. He cursed at himself for letting the alpha get away from them earlier, luckily Natasha, Bucky and Loki took down The Baron and it seemed no more HYDRA agents were coming for them, they just had Rumlow to find now.
Thank you once again to QueenE for your comments on every chapter and to everyone who has left kudos! It means a lot to me and I get very excited when it happens.
“It will be fine. He’s pretty chill about this stuff. He understands that we can go and have a good time without the pack from time to time. We can be trusted. He’s not overly controlling. Don’t tell him I told you this, but he’s the best alpha ever.” Clint had made his way over to Tony, sitting on the bed beside him with a grin as he looked over at his fellow delta.
Throughout the whole day, Tony had been constantly distracted and Bruce had noticed. He’d been tempted to ask the omega or tell him to go back to his room. The omega probably didn’t get a goodnight’s sleep again and Bruce had started to become worried for him. Although they weren’t working on the same project, they were still in the same room. Tony’s workshop was being set up in the room next door and was meant to be done within a week, with a door connecting the two rooms in case either of the two needed assistance or company.
Steve nodded. “I was just so weak, and I got sick a lot. We didn’t have much food and we wouldn’t be able to pay for the electric and heating most of the time. Then I think there might have been something to do with losing my dad that just set it back even more.” Tony nodded, listening to every word of Steve’s story. “But it happened, and it surprised everyone when it showed I was an alpha. Considering I wasn’t big or strong. Bucky was the only one who didn’t seem so surprised, claiming I had the heart of an alpha.”
“Well, you build stuff, right? You’re a mechanical engineer… I still need a way for it to be administered.” Bruce smiled, standing up “We should get going before Agent Hill gets onto us. Also!” He gestured to the folder on the table. “Your SHIELD Pack. Agent Coulson told me to give it to you as I was on my way up here.”
“Okay. Taxi though. I’m too lazy to walk.” The omega nodded as a smile spread across Steve’s face. “I’m just going toilet first though.” Tony slipped out of the booth and walked off to the toilets.
“Puny omega.” Hulk’s large tongue came out and licked across Tony’s face, the brown wolf managed to stay in place and accept the large wolf’s gesture. “Friend.”
Tony began to unpack his boxes, he wouldn’t be going back to sleep for some time yet so he thought he might as well get it done now. He opened one of the draws, thankful to see it empty and started to pack away his clothes.
Pepper wasn’t born when Tony’s mother died, though had overhead her parents and other pack members talking about it occasionally over the years. Howard would never speak of it and as far as she was aware Tony didn’t know either but didn’t deem it her place to tell him as she shouldn’t have known in the first place.
“I believe this simulation could work, sir. Also, Master Rogers has woken and is coming to the lab straight away. He does not seem too happy that you left.”
Tony groaned as the knocking on the door increased. He nuzzled further into the pillow, pulling the duvet covers over his head and screwing his eyes shut even tighter, blue eyes and golden fur fading from his mind. It was far too early for the omega to be woken up.
The omega left SHIELD HQ, heading to a corner shop where he picked up a pregnancy test. The lady looked at him strangely but didn’t say anything. Tony took it back to SHIELD and went up to the restroom on the floor of the workshop, thankful it was empty. Tony went into the stall, peeing on the stick as instructed. He flushed before putting down the lid so he could sit on the toilet, waiting for the result. Tony flicked through the news on twitter for a while, checking what was trending. After a while, he checked the time seeing it was up and he could check the result. Tony stared at the pregnancy test in fear, hands shaking.
“You won’t even let me make tea in our own house!” The omega could feel the tears rising. Great, now he was going to cry.
“Fine. You win.” Tony muttered as he stood up before following where Steve had walked. The alpha was waiting for him just a few paces ahead, tail wagging as Tony walked over. Tony looked up at the alpha, tail wagging softly as he rubbed up against the golden wolf.
“You have a superpower now, Tony.” Clint grinned mischievously. “We need to use it as much as possible.”
“Hey Coulson, we just -oh I didn’t realise you had company.” The intruding male standing at the door looked surprised upon spotting Tony in the room. Subtly sniffing the air, Tony could tell the brunette was a delta wolf.
“The alphas took over our space in the living room, so we’re out here.” The omega he recognised replied. It made sense why he hadn’t come across the omegas before, but Tony was still confused.
“Ooo, don’t you win the prize of coolness.” Sam rolled his eyes before imitating the beta’s voice. “Look at me I’m Robo-Cop.”
“We have Jack Daniels, is that okay?” The waitress replied and Tony nodded in response. She jotted his order down before turning to Steve who had collected himself now.
“I’ll see you soon, Peggy.” The male alpha nodded and watched as she walked away before turning to his packmates, waiting for Clint’s onslaught.
Tony’s ramblings were cut off by the alpha. “Tony, it’s okay. I can give you a ride back to SHIELD.”
“Right, I have a meeting to get to now and your delta is back, meaning that you will be going now. I’ll see you soon, Steve.” The dark-haired alpha smiled up at Steve, leaning in to give him a quick peck on the cheek.
“Nothing. Just allergies.” Tony shrugged a little. “I have to get back to work, but you two have a nice lunch… I’ll give you my number so we could meet up another time?”
“We’re lucky that we got one of these. They’re much better.” Tony noted as the other wolf sat on the opposite side, looking around the bar.
Steve had driven them to the restaurant on his motorcycle and Tony had enjoyed every minute of it. Arms wrapped securely around Steve, chest pressed against the larger man’s back, wind whipping past him as they drove towards the city. The omega was so tempted to ask the blonde to take him to work and back on it, and the alpha would probably say yes, but it would be unfair, no matter how much he wanted it to happen. But there was not a chance in Hell that Steve would get away with not taking the brunette out again, even if it was just for a ride around the city, they didn’t have to go anywhere, just riding would be perfect.
“We’ll find him, Steve.” Sam patted the blonde’s shoulder. “And kill every bastard responsible.” Steve let out a small laugh.
“Shit,” Tony muttered out loud to himself. He drifted off. He fell asleep when he said he wouldn’t do. His memory was hazy, and it felt that the more he tried to remember, the more he forgot. The omega looked around the room, looking for any clues to where he was. Spotting a small note on the bedside table, leaning on a lamp, he made his way over to it and picked it up, reading it over.
“No.” The reply caused Bucky to huff and roll his eyes, adjusting in his seat to get more comfortable.
“I should probably finish up the meal,” Steve said, breaking the silence that had formed, stepping back from the omega.
ALSO, another warning for sexual harassment and I've put the same // next to were it begins and ends.
Steve slammed his shield into another HYDRA agent, knocking them unconscious before turning on his heels and punching another in the gut before kneeing them in the face, knocking them unconscious too. Steve looked over at the room to Hulk and Thor who were currently taking out the final guards.
I genuinely can't remember if I said if Maria was a shifter or not. I know I was debating it whilst writing the first book. If I did, let's just ignore that and I'll change it *shifty eyes*
“Who wants the first piece?” Tony regretted asking that as another full-blown argument happened, but the omega wouldn’t have it any other way. The first piece went to Loki, the only one not arguing, before giving a slice to everyone else.
Steve bit his lip before leaning closer so he could whisper into the brunette’s ear “maybe I could change your mind?”
“Can I?” Tony asked, reaching out a hand. Clint nodded in response, Tony smiling before running a hand through the fur on the archer’s head gently. It was softer than he thought, softer than Steve’s too and slightly thicker.
Steve joined the rest of his pack, sitting beside Bucky, and they had begun the movie. Throughout it, the alpha wolf failed to sit still for longer than five minutes, giving occasional glances out of the door. The alpha ended up excusing himself halfway through, his face red and apologetic. After making sure the coast was clear, Sam paused the movie as Clint burst out laughing, eyes watering.
Both wolves finished up in the lab before going back to Tony’s room. Tony wanted to shower and change before heading out. Contrary to Bruce’s belief, the omega had managed to get some work done and having grease and oil on you before going out was not a great idea. After getting washed and changed into the last outfit he had, he only brought three with him on his travels with his previous pack and he desperately needed more. Stepping back out into the main room, he walked over to his new companion.
“Steve?” The brunette called out hesitantly. “JARVIS? Anyone?” Tony sniffed the air, unable to pick up a familiar scent, but picking up an unknown omega.
The forest started to clear out, opening into another expanse, similar to the one Steve had taken Tony to before. This area was much bigger and had a lake instead of a river, most of the banks were covered in trees, but there was an area that had a soft slope of sand. Sam ran ahead towards it, Clint following before stopping and turning to face back to Tony. The delta bowed down in the play position, rear-end moving along with his wagging tail. Tony returned the bow before chasing after Clint who was heading towards Sam, who was also bowing, tail wagging and tongue hanging out. Tony and Clint returned Sam’s gesture, allowing him to play with him too. The two deltas chased Tony around, the three of them occasionally running and playing the water too.
are still wearing by the way, and cuddled you all night.” Tony may have not told her about the two of them exchanging numbers too, but what she didn’t know wouldn’t kill her.
Tony was just a few places in front of the alpha, laughing at the two agents before laughing at himself as he tripped over a rock. Steve took a deep breath before speeding up to catch up to the smaller male, smiling at him softly.
The two exchanged numbers before the alpha left, leaving Tony alone once more. He missed being around Steve’s pack. He was desperate to hear back from them, but he knew that it was going to be a long mission. The omega looked at the last text he sent to Steve with a sigh, as if staring at it would make the mission finish sooner and Steve would text him back.
The omega reached his and Steve’s bedroom. It had been so long since he was in here last. Tony let out a content sigh as he sat on the bed.
“I want to, Bruce. I do. I’m excited but I’m just overthinking everything.” Tony sighed, looking at the delta.
Steve’s phone pinged again for the fourth time which caused him to sigh with a nod. “Okay. Thank you, Thor.”
They had finally found time for Tony to come over and have dinner. Either Tony was too busy with a project or the pack had a mission, but they managed to get a free evening, on Steve’s night to cook too, so at least he was in control there. The alpha was just hoping they wouldn’t have to be sent on an emergency mission.
“Same here, normally Rhodey would stand with me when we were in MIT together. I don’t even remember half of the conversations because I was too drunk.”
“S-Steve.” Tony giggled, his head tilting as the alpha’s light kisses continued to kiss his neck, tickling him.
Thank you for all the kudus, reads and comments. I honestly can't believe how much attention and positive feedback I have received from this as it is my first fic and all.
“Ah, my favourite magician,” Tony replied. “Just trying to get an appointment for today. I really need it.”
The meal had been pretty smooth after that, Steve mainly kept quiet, allowing Tony to bond with his pack that could become the omega’s own one day. Tony made conversation with everyone, including Loki albeit a short one. Bucky had embarrassed Steve with tales of them growing up and the stupid things they did together. As much as Steve wanted to stop the beta from telling anymore, they had made Tony happy and laugh so much that he couldn’t bring himself to do it. So he dealt with his embarrassment just so he could see the omega smile.
The female omega gave a sympathetic smile “oh, Tony that’s horrible. But I know how much you hated our pack.” She then became confused as Tony’s question sunk in. “This is SHIELD Tony… Have you not had your meeting yet?” She asked before realisation dawned on Tony.
The Avengers Pack didn’t get home until 6 am. Steve had called Tony, but it had rung out until going to voice mail. He figured the omega probably waited up all night for the alpha’s call but ended up falling asleep.
Walking inside, the group waited at the podium for a table before a waiter led them to one. Tony immediately collapsed on a seat, glaring at the archer that made them walk halfway across the city. The waiter asked for their drink order, three out of the four going for alcohol before leaving them be to look at the food.
“I shouldn’t have invited him over. I heard about him being like that to omegas, but I didn’t think he’d be so rude towards you, in front of us both.” Steve held the brunette close, kissing the top of his head and burying his face into the omega’s hair.
“I-I’m so sorry Brucie… I just wanted to pee and then I went outside for a bit… Then this alpha started touching me and following me. I saw red and had to get him off me. Never again, I didn’t want it to happen again.” The mechanic rambled, his eyes starting to water as he let out a sob.
He had managed to cut it down to three choices and was hoping that Pepper would help him choose between the three outfits. All which were different shades of blue waistcoats with different shirts and ties. Tony grabbed his phone again and snapped a picture of the three choices and sent it to the ‘Queenzzz’ group chat that Brooke had set up.
Bruce stared up at the ceiling, piecing together the information. His pack was here last night. Steve had wondered off right before their mission and Bucky had gone to find him. Neither had said anything when they returned. Bruce had left early this morning, so it was likely Bucky had filled in the others on this piece of information and he had missed it from him. But Tony had seen Steve and was interested in him too. Tony should know that Steve was his alpha.
Tony weighed up his options. Either he ran back to SHIELD as a wolf, scaring a load of humans and potentially getting himself in a lot of trouble. He could wait and try and call for a taxi with no cash on him or he would have to give the walk of shame back inside in front of everyone and see if he could get a lift back home. He didn’t want to do any, especially the last one. However, his options were answered when the front door opened and closed behind him.
He had no idea how to handle the situation, but Tony normally did jokes so he went with that before going to something more meaningful. Wiping away the wolf’s tears as he pulled back from their embrace, he smiled at the omega.
“Adventure! Tony has never ever been on an adventure with a pack before. How sad is that?” The archer gestured to the omega, completely disregarding Steve’s glare.
“We’ve only been trying to get your attention for the last half an hour.” Bucky grinned at the alpha’s blush. “Oh, we know you’re hung up on lover boy right now, carry on. You’ll be no use to the conversation anyway.”
“Of course, Sir.” JARVIS replied before the sound increased, Tony bobbing along to ‘Rock You Like A Hurricane’ by Scorpions as he worked on DIEGO.
“There’s a problem. We need more guards.” A head poked through the doors, speaking in German. Tony had picked up German, along with several other languages growing up. HYDRA had no idea that he understood what they were saying.
Clint let out a dramatic whine but slid off the bed. Bucky remembered to pick up the room key along with the one to the other room. The eight of them had gotten two rooms between them. Bucky, Sam, Clint and Steve in this one and Bruce, Thor, Loki and Natasha in the other. The beta smiled at Sam, kissing the delta’s head before leaving the room, Clint following.
Tony watched as everyone got into position. It was clear that The Avengers Pack went out often and had positions where each pack member would be. Steve was always upfront, as head alpha and the leader, he would lead the pack. On his right was Bucky and his left, Natasha. They were his second in commands, if Steve was never around, Bucky or Natasha would be in charge. Behind them was Sam, Hulk, Clint and Loki. Loki distanced himself a bit more from the pack but still stood close by. Tony was waiting to see where Thor would stand, so he could follow behind as the pack moved out, but Thor sat there, staring at Tony as if waiting for him to make the first move. The lion let out a soft roar before nodding his head towards the pack. The omega tilted his head, confused at what the feline was asking before Clint walked over.
“I’ll have the same.” The blonde smiled. Nat nodded although she was a little surprised as Steve didn’t usually drink, especially champagne.
“I’m back. Tony and his friends are going to join us.” Steve smiled, sliding into the booth before patting the space next to him for Tony to sit, in which he did.
“Tony, I know Howard wasn’t the best parent ever. But he loved and cared for you a lot. I just don’t think he knew how to express it.” Pepper sighed, her hand gently squeezing the male’s own.
“H-hello,” Tammi spoke softly. The omega was incredibly shy and nervous, leaning closer to her alpha for support and protection.
“When did you program JARVIS here? How? What?” Bruce asked, hands on either side of Tony’s face to get the omega to look at him.
Eventually, HYDRA got what they wanted from the two omegas. The shifter DNA strands that would make the two human siblings into shifters, just like them. The two humans were in the next room over, so both Tony and Fire were able to hear everything. The shouting. The screaming. Tony closed his eyes, swallowing. He didn’t want to hear this.
Tony let out another groan as another wave of nausea hit. He had been feeling really bad for nearly three weeks now. It was mainly the feeling of being sick, but he had yet to be it. That along with some headaches, cramps, and even though he was sleeping better, the omega still felt exhausted; much worse than when he was on less sleep.
Two of them were unquestionably Clint and Natasha but Steve couldn’t make out the other one. That was until they came closer and the alpha’s eyes nearly bulged out of his head. It was the omega, again.
Reasoning: I chose Tony to be an omega because I just love it when Tony is protected and shown all the love he deserves. I also wanted Tony’s past to be rough and had been used but could be shown that just because he is an omega, he can be looked after and loved. Although Tony isn’t a standard omega, he only acts like a true omega (caring, submissive, etc.) when he’s around the ones he loves, otherwise, he is very defensive. I fell in love with this wolf picture and thought the coat was so pretty I just had to give it to Tony. I wanted his fur to be brown, but not solid brown, hence why I added the black and white too.
“Take him to the new recruits. We need everything we have got.” The Baron spoke in German, Tony understanding everything. “But don’t let him know.”
I should upload soon but I just moved into my new house yesterday and I have my first university class on Friday, so I'm pretty busy. But I have a name for the book now.
“You’re right.” Steve let out a sigh and walked over carefully. “I don’t know why but I just feel that I need to watch you constantly. I need to make sure you’re okay.”
“Really? They’re some great friends then.” A pause “Could I make it up to you somehow? A drink perhaps?”
The omega flung his jacket onto the floor without care. His trousers and dress shirt got the same treatment as soon as he managed to get out of them, having fought with the buttons.
“It wasn’t a good idea to go out drunk though, was it?” Steve was using his alpha voice, hoping it would make the three wolves pay attention as he looked over them. “Bruce was very worried about you all. You know better than to run off.”
Tony nodded. “I’ve known for a while, I just didn’t want to say.” The omega snuggled back into the alpha’s side, letting out a yawn. “Now can we nap? I want one now.”
“Come on Steve, I can be useful! Let me do something. I always get bored when you go out.” Tony turned to the blonde after pushing the button for the elevator. “I know how to use a gun and I have basic combat skills. I can keep myself out of trouble. I can even just fly the quinjet if you want!”
The sound of something dropping onto the carpet made Steve’s head turn. Phil Coulson stood there, confused expression as he looked around.
Tyler continued to laugh, Tony joining in too, making other people in the bar look over at them in confusion. The two had tears in their eyes as they laughed at Tony’s story. Both just managed to calm down before laughing all over again, the alpha almost falling off the barstool. The omegas eyes stung, and his stomach ached, but he was having such a good time with his new friend.
Four of the bags and drinks went to Bruce, who was now in the living space. He thanked the two of them and began putting the snacks away as Bucky and Clint went back to their room. Steve was fast asleep on the sofa when they returned. Bucky knew the alpha hadn’t been sleeping properly so he was thankful the blonde was getting some rest. He left Clint to start putting things away while he went to check on Sam, who was also sleeping. He smiled at his boyfriend, shutting the bedroom door as quietly as possible before going back to helping Clint, rolling his eyes at the archer who was stuffing his face with Cheetos.
“I can’t help it that I’m popular.” Tony grinned mischievously over at Steve, causing Clint to laugh.
“The alpha you like.” Tammi moved off her stool and sat on the one right next to Tony’s, where her mate was sat just before.
, looking for him and as much as he wanted to stay in the woods with the golden wolf, he knew he couldn’t. Not with another wolf and potentially more in search for this one. So, with the alpha howling and his back turned, he ran, ignoring the pain as he did.
Bruce started to laugh and retreated his hands as Tony scowled, eyes narrowing. The two wolves stared at one another as Bruce’s laughing subsided, a few beats of silence happened before both were laughing.
“I had Bruce bring home something that would smell of the omega, just to see if Steve would continue to act in the same way and confirm mine and Tasha’s suspicions” Clint grinned mischievously. “Stevie wants some omega lovin’.”
Tony looked up from his plate, mouth stuffed stuff of pasta. Swallowing, the omega took in the appearance of the alpha standing in front of him. It was Brooke’s brother. The blonde hair and blue eyes were vivid in his mind from that night although it was months back. Tony wiped his mouth of any sauce before nodding.
“Around the same as usual.” Tony shrugged, nodding his head inwards, indicating that Bruce could come in. “Never been a big sleeper and I’m not a morning person. I’d rather stay up all night, that’s when my most genius ideas happen.”
“I want to come on a mission. I don’t have to do anything but I’m just as much as part of this pack as you, so I want to come.”
“Tony, it’s me. You told me to come and wake you if you weren’t at the lab by nine.” The omega wolf heard the delta call from behind the door.
“And you’re only omegas. Deltas, Betas and Alphas have stronger senses. Though, I’ve heard some omega’s get stronger senses once they have children. Protection or something. I haven’t had anything yet.”
“Come on.” Rhodey picked up the omega despite his protests. “I’ll get you food on the way back.” The alpha bargained, which made Tony stop wiggling around.
“Where’s Steve? I haven’t seen him all morning.” Tony frowned as he looked over at Natasha who was reading. He placed his mug of coffee on the coffee table, turning to face the redhead. “He wasn’t around when I woke up and he didn’t come to breakfast.”
“Yeah, doll.” Steve nodded in confirmation as he flagged down a taxi. Tony continued to grin at the alpha as they got into the cab, Steve telling the driver their destination before settling down beside the brunette.
A beep stirred the alpha from his thoughts, looking over to the van that Bucky was just climbing into. The front passenger door was still open, waiting for him. Steve didn’t waste any more time and ran over to the vehicle, climbing inside next to Natasha.
Tony was in the middle, Steve curled up around him as he groomed the omega’s head. Hulk was towards his rear, eyes closed but Tony knew he was awake. Behind him and Steve were Bucky and Sam, Tony couldn’t see them, but they had been cuddling earlier when the omega had first joined Steve. Thor was close to his head, awake and cleaning his paws. Loki had made his way over and curled up against the other side of him. Clint had curled up in front of him and had fallen asleep not long after Natasha had cuddled up between him and Hulk.
“Now do you see what I mean? I’ve got to see what I’m working with here.” Tony jokes a little, but Bruce could tell that there was some seriousness to it. Tony could be a valuable asset to SHIELD and even to Bruce himself, so if letting him have a look around a lab was all it took to see if the other wolf would get on board then the beta was willing to let him in.
“Just a lemonade, please,” Bruce said, looking at the bartender who gave a nod before preparing the drinks.
“I’m going to take you to my mate,” Steve replied, leading Peter out of the house, thankful that it was one of the ones closest to the outside of the village so that he could avoid showing Peter most of the destruction Hydra had caused.
The two got comfy in bed, Steve turning on the tv and putting Brooklyn 99 on for them to watch. Tony was pressed up to Steve and that’s all that mattered right now. Tony was back where he belonged, safe with his pack.
Okay so here's chapter 12. I don't know when I'll post the nest one because I'm going away on a short trip for a few days. It's a last-minute thing and I don't know if I'll have time to write.
“I am really sorry about that.” Tyler sighed, looking at Tony again. “I can go if you want me too.” The alpha scratched the back of his neck out of nervousness before taking a step back.
“I was going to be in the next room!” Tony looked away from the blonde. “You know what, leave it. It doesn’t matter.”
Tony has a panic attack in this chapter and talks about his past and being manipulated/lied to. Just in case anyone needs a warning.
“Thanks.” Tony smiled, taking the menu and reading over it. “Can I have chicken korma, please… Are we doing sides too?”
“Shit,” Clint repeated, causing Tony to burst out laughing. “Damn you’re big.” Tony narrowed his eyes. “Wait. That didn’t come out right you’re not even that big you’re just bigger than last time. Fatter- wait.”
“Why don’t we go out now? I think I’m done for the day and all you’ve done is stare at the walls… No offence.”
“Years of practice my good friend.” Tony grinned before taking a drag. “Once you get good at it whilst high, drunk or both, you’re set for life.”
“I understand, I can be gone for some time whilst lost in a project. Until the pack manages to reel me back to reality.” The scientist admitted, stepping inside and looking around the room before landing on the omega.
Tammi had her eyes covered, unable to watch the scene. Tony and Tyler both burst out laughing when the guy hiding in the toilet got eaten. The omega had always laughed at that scene and was happy to find someone else found it just as funny.
“I’ll leave you to get to bed, I’m going to check on the others.” Steve had been focusing out the door and turned around to look at the omega and gulped.
As soon as they got home, Tony was swarmed with the bots. The omega happily greeted them all, laughing as he patted them all, each beeping happily in return. JARVIS also happily greeted the brunette, sounding happy that Tony was home safe.
“I can’t believe you didn’t tell us it was your birthday yesterday,” Bruce said, placing the cake on the counter.
Steve bent down to get out the pasta dishes from the cupboard, hearing the connecting doors from the living room into the kitchen open.
The restaurant was split into two halves, just like Clint had said. One side was the restaurant side and the other was like a bar/club. A wall split the two in half, with doors having 21+ on them. There was a bar that was a circle in the middle of the building, half on the restaurant side and the other half on the club side, splitting the two but allowing the bar staff to move from one side to the other to handle both customers. The club side wasn’t open yet, but as soon as it was, Tony was going to have a look.
“Pregnant. Anyway, as I was saying. While he seemed nervous, it didn’t seem like he would run anyway.” The doctor looked at Steve. “Steve? Steve, are you okay?”
“I guess so.” Steve bit his lip, stopping in front of the omega. “Thank you for coming tonight, Tony. Even though it hasn’t gone exactly as I planned, I still enjoyed spending time with you.”
“We rescued a male omega last night for SHIELD… I think he could be the same one because he was strange with us last night, and when we went in your lap earlier.” The redhead was in thought.
“Yeah.” Tony nodded. “I’m unsure of cheetah shifters, Fire explained that most tend to be solitary. They don’t mate for life, like most feline shifters and they tend to live alone for most of their lives. Though in my pack we have two feline shifters. A lion and a snow leopard.” Tony bit his lip. “I wish she was still here to explain things.”
“That bad, huh?” Fire spoke up, pushing her hair out from her eyes. She hated how fast her hair grew, always preferring to have short hair as it was so much easier to handle.
“I think with some accessories you could really make it work.” Fire tilted her head. “Style your hair a little bit?”
Steve tilted Tony’s face so he could look him in the eyes, hand cupping the omega’s jaw gently. Steve smiled sadly, wiping away a bit of chocolate that was in the corner of Tony’s mouth. The omega very rarely talked about his past, but it didn’t take a genius to figure out that the brunette had a rough past and was mistreated. Steve would be willing to listen to Tony if he ever wanted to talk about it.
“Yeah, my dad taught me. You think I’d design a jet, one specifically designed for our pack, that I couldn’t at least fly?”
“Steve?” Tony asked the blonde humming in response. “What if our twins weren’t the only ones in our pack?”
Omegas and deltas were known to be more playful, and Tony’s previous pack had mainly been alphas and betas. Other than Pepper, he didn’t have many other people to play with, as they were much older business wolves who wouldn’t dare play with an omega.
Steve’s phone had pinged again from inside his locker, indicating another text that could have been from none other than the omega himself. Steve was currently sparring with Thor to get some training in before the next mission they were sent on. He was a tiny bit distracted and was trying to finish as soon as possible so he could text Tony back.
“You’re in the very early stages, but their heads are here.” The doctor pointed to each one. He continued to point to them, talking about the stage they were at and what would be next, Tony only able to nod in response. “Are you okay?”
“Technically no, but I made the bomb,” Tony smirked at the archer. “Did the other’s think it was Clint?”
“Oh yeah, sorry about that.” Clint shrugged. “I thought it would be over and I just walk in places.”
“You’re going to be called TIA.” The omega smiled at the bot on his left, before looking to the one at his right. “And you DIEGO.” Tony looked up at the bot circling his head “you’re BRIE, and you over there are WIM.” He looked towards the bot flying around the workshop at full speed. “And you.” Tony looked at the bot in his hands “are Steve Jr.”
Tony only nodded in response, not trusting his voice, Bruce leading the two of them out of the workshop and to Tony’s room for one last time. Bruce set to work getting the two of them a coffee each whilst Tony sat at the sofa, staring at the wall while his thoughts spiralled.
Bruce took in Tony’s sleep-deprived state, his hair wild, bags under his eyes. The older male pulled the duvet around him as he shuffled over to the sofa before falling face-first on the sofa over the armrest, letting out a quiet groan.
“I am completely innocent, Bruce. I have no idea what you’re on about.” Clint grinned, sitting down at Tony’s feet.
Tony recognised one of the female omegas in the circle, most-likely they worked at SHIELD, but he was too drunk to know for sure.
“I can’t lose him, Buck. I can’t.” The blonde looked up to his life-long friend. “We’ve lost so much already. He’s just become my mate. I just can’t handle losing him.”
“Normally it should work.” Clint pressed a few more buttons, causing a pad to light up with a handprint.
“I was super drunk after a frat party and I have a bit of a thing for being naked when I get really drunk and it was one of those times. There I was, stumbling down this hallway buck ass nude with only a cowboy hat and shades on, it had been a cowboy and Indians themed party, a joint in one hand and a traffic cone dragging behind me in the other. I was singing ‘Save a Horse’ at the top of my lungs at 5 am, well I say singing, more like screeching slurred words, the lyrics all mixed together but you could make it out. I had tried to pick up the cone so I could sing into it, but it was heavy and how drunk and high I was it was never going to happen.” The alpha was laughing hard, and Tony was trying his hardest not to laugh too so he could continue the story.
Tony’s eyes squinted at the light change, looking from the shirt he had in his hand before the blonde who was still sat in bed. “I decided to pack my things, I won’t be able to get back to sleep for a bit so.” The omega shrugged.
“Great news.” Tony grinned, getting into the car along with Bruce. “Thanks for being my accomplice.”
“I just wanted to warn you.” Steve stood up again before pressing on his comms. “Tony, I have something important. I’ll be back at the quinjet soon.”
“Tony was telling me about the trouble he got into while you guys were in MIT.” Tyler smiled over at Rhodey.
“That’s Steve’s night sorted,” Natasha replied making highly inappropriate hand gestures, making the two wolves laugh even more in the backseat as the alpha and omega blushed.
“Hey, Steve… Y-yeah I’m okay, kinda. I was hoping you could come and meet me as soon as possible.” Tony bit down on his lip. “Mario’s Ice Cream Parlour… Mhmm… Okay, I’ll see you then.” Tony hung up and looked over at the strawberry-blonde.
Okay, I am so sorry it has been like over a week or something since I last updated. I didn't get anything done when I went away and that mixed with work and general laziness, procrastination and Netflix, this week hasn't been great for writing. But I'm getting back into the groove. I hope you enjoy this chapter! I think the next one will be in a couple of days so I can catch up on myself.
“That would ruin the surprise now, wouldn’t it? I mean it would be best if I could see you in action to analyse your fight patterns and see what could be improved.” Tony paused, nose scrunching up in thought. “Maybe I should come down to the training room more.”
“Look at me,” Tony spoke up, catching the alpha’s attention. “We’re not going to do anything difficult, just going to sway.” Tony moved his arms to wrap around the alpha’s neck as Steve nodded, Tony smiling softly, tucking his head under the blonde’s chin. Tony felt Steve smile as they began to sway, the song, their song, still playing in the background. Tony let out a content sigh, eyes closing as they swayed to the music, happy to be with the alpha.
Brooke smiled sadly. “I’m just going toilet and then we can talk, yeah?” She kissed Tammi’s cheek before leaving the two omegas alone.
“Listen here, I may be an omega, but I’m not scared of you.” The omega took notice of Bruce, before keeping his eyes fixed on the alpha male. “I could fucking take you. Bruce, I could take him.”
The female omega spotted Bruce in the hallway, he was leaning against Tony’s door, knocking on it. As she approached, she could hear him trying to talk to the other omega through the door.
Rhodey left to go toilet after the song had finished, Tony leaning into Tyler, arms wrapping around the alpha’s neck. He rested his head on the blonde’s shoulder, going on his tiptoes so he could reach, alcohol already taking effect. It didn’t help that he started drinking at 10 am this morning and all he had was four slices of pizza to eat. The drunkenness was soon returning.
An obvious reason is that STEVE AND TONY FIGHT AND THEY ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO BECAUSE THEY ARE HUSBANDS. That movie left me fucking broken. Not as much as Endgame but I think I've only watched Civil War three times fully. Every other time I can only get halfway through before I have to turn it off. It also spilt so much of the fandom. But I love Tony and Bucky, though it did make me hate Steve for a while. EVERYTHING COULD HAVE BEEN SO MUCH BETTER. Other than that, there is a very big lack of my favourite Thor, but I'm glad we got Ragnarok. I just really don't like that movie at all so I chose to pretend it never existed. There are only a few good things about CACW. In no particular order:
“I can go speak to Fury. You go ahead. I can handle things here. Maybe send your pack to talk to Agent Coulson. I bet he would want to help too.” Steve nodded at Peggy’s words. Agent Coulson had always helped him since he first joined SHIELD. He was always very thankful to the Agent.
“So, SHIELD, right?” Tony asked, not addressing his lateness as he stepped into the room. One glance around the room was all it took before making his way over to the desk and plopping himself down on one of the lavish leather chairs in front of the oak desk without being directed to. “Who are you, why am I here, and what do you want with me?”
The pair had briefly talked earlier about packs. Bruce explained that he only worked for SHIELD, his pack lived just outside of the city and he came in most days to work on his projects for them. He had learnt that Tony had just arrived last night and was considering working for SHIELD, he just wanted more information on them. Bruce knew there was more to it and noticed Tony hadn’t mentioned anything about a pack but didn’t pressure him to do so. It was quite a possibility that Tony was the omega that Clint and Natasha had been sent to rescue that night, but he knew it was too much of a personal question to ask. A lot of the time omegas were sedated to protect themselves and the agents that were sent to collect them. Some could get frightened and could lash out and some others went into massive panic attacks.
It was obvious that they were both lying. The destruction of a whole pack brought back many horrific memories for them both. But they had a job to do, and if they could save someone from the same fate that they had everything would be worth it.
Tony only nodded in reply, waving as the alpha walked off before going to find Bucky. The beta was looking around, stopping and waving once he spotted Tony. The omega walked over to him, smiling up at the wolf.
The omega shook out his fur and stretched before padding through the woodland, looking all around him. Tony had missed this and didn’t even realise until now. He wasn’t allowed to go out alone growing up, especially in the woods. It made sense, as he was an omega, but it took away his freedom.
“Don’t antagonise the prisoner too much, Rumlow.” A German accent cut through. “He is very important to us.”
Tony woke up in another room, blinking slowly before sitting up. He rubbed his eyes, looking around the room. His eyes landed on the male and female who were cowering together in a corner.
Tony glared at the alpha. “Or what? Are you gonna hit me? Mistreat me? It wouldn’t be the first time that an alpha has attacked me.” Tony walked towards the bathroom door. “I’m going for a bath.”
“Not a fan of the outfit, huh? Same. White drains me so much I might as well be in a hole in the ground.” Fire said. Tony let out a laugh.
“Well, yeah, of course. I need to make sure you stay safe, so I will be handling all of your upgrades for your gear, not SHIELD. You’ll get the first of everything, you have to have the best.” Tony shrugged.
Tony’s eyes flickered up to the security camera as he slid off the bed. This caused the two new shifters to move back, even more, frightened looks spreading across their faces as the female hid behind her brother. Tony slid to the floor, sitting cross-legged. After a few moments of silence, a voice spoke up.
“Let me help.” The alpha said as the elevator came to a stop, doors opening on the ground floor. She led Tony out, arm wrapped around him so he could stable himself. “Maybe you should head over to SHIELD medical before you leave? They might be able to squeeze you in today.”
So I've decided to leave the regular updates because I am too impatient. I'm a few chapters ahead so as long as it stays that way updates will be more frequent. I hope you like it.
The rest of the pack, except Bruce, exited the Quinjet. Bruce was backup in case they needed it, but they couldn’t risk Tony getting hurt, especially as he was pregnant. Everyone knew the plan, they didn’t even need to talk to one another. They had worked together for so long that it was second nature to them all.
Also, I'm giving a warning now because in this chapter there is going to be a short sexual harassment scene. I've marked the beginning and end with // if anyone doesn't want to read it.
“His ear had gotten stuck on the other side of the door, so he couldn’t pull his head back through. Eventually, we went and got help, not after he was laughed at some more and got his picture taken. He was freed with the help of some Vaseline and we didn’t play hide and seek for some time after that.” Pepper finished off.
“No, you haven’t. I’m not your puppet.” Tony shook his head. “HYDRA wouldn’t be making deals with you.”
“I probably shouldn’t.” The omega gave a dry laugh, letting the bot fly over to Bruce. “I’ll see you at home.”
“I mean, Bruce is amazing. I get along really well with him. Then he introduced me to Clint and Natasha and they’re great too… when they’re not being imitating. Well, Natasha anyway.” The male continued. “But this is their pack and their alpha… and I had to go make a massive tit out of myself.”
Bruce smiled softly. He was so glad when Tony had mentioned that he had made new friends. He knew that the omega got lonely and meeting two more shifters had made a difference to him. Tony was less clingy with the delta and was happier. That and things were going well between him and Steve. They’d only met up a few times since that night but never had very long together or alone. But now Tony was going to spend time with not only Steve but the whole pack, so he would be able to have an even better social life. The scientist was also hoping to make sure he could give the two some alone time together as well, as they failed at having that before. There would normally be another pack member around or the pair would be in a public setting, he had spoken to Natasha on the phone earlier and they were going to keep the pack as calm as possible. He knew she could take care of Clint. Hopefully, they could convince Bucky and Sam to lay off too. Loki wouldn’t be a problem at all, and Thor was harmless though would most likely be inquisitive about the omega as the alpha lion had never properly met a wolf omega before.
“Sorry, don’t shout, sleeping omega.” Bruce hurriedly got out in a hushed tone before Clint got a word in.
“I’ll put an arrow through your head next time!” Clint shouted at the two wolves as Natasha put an arm around him. “You don’t touch our omega!”
“I’m getting picked up for a mission, you’re staying here and using that big brain of yours to make stuff I can’t even comprehend.”
“Hey, I’m hungry. Want to get some food? I could do with a coffee too. I’ve normally had about 4 by now.” The omega spoke up, sliding off the counter.
The room he was in was simple and lit up by overhead lights. They had been given bunk beds to sleep on as if they were kids. There was a small desk with two chairs too. A camera was screwed into the ceiling in the corner of the room near a large metal door which had a window next to it. The brick walls had scratch marks, one of which an animal might make if they were trying to escape. Or a shifter in their shifted form. Tony turned, eyes widening, shocked that it wasn’t the first thing he noticed. A large glass panel took up the space of one wall, overlooking into the hallway.
“I-I. You’re welcome.” Steve bit his lip, blushing too as he looked into the omega’s eyes, unable to break away.
The alpha looked at the delta at his side, who nodded before the two of them headed to the building. As soon as they were close, Steve paused, sniffing. It was Tony’s scent. It was so faint like he had been there hours ago, only briefly. He followed the trail which led him to a van. Steve used his shield to bust the door open. This is where the omega’s scent was strongest, but it was empty.
Clint made a whipping noise from the back seat, causing the beta beside him to burst out laughing. Clint was quickly becoming a dead-man and the alpha’s rage at the delta would have been able to be smelt by all in the car. The blonde took a deep breath, ignoring the two in the back as he focused on driving.
“Please don’t be mad at him. He missed you so much, Tony. I’ve never seen him so worried or stressed.”
Also, I've actually been working on other stevetony fanfic ideas because I am a mess who likes to cause myself unnecessary trouble, so that's why it's a bit later than what I planned (along with my uni work and stuff going on at home woo)
The door opened, Tony looking up at the smiling blonde alpha who opened it. Steve pulled the omega inside his room, hands-on Tony’s waist and before Tony could even say another word, Steve began to kiss up the brunette’s neck to his jaw.
The beta wolf stared at his alpha, who’s declaration of love came out of nowhere. They had been training for their next mission in the gym and had just walked up the stairs to get to the main floor.
“Sorry about that man. I guess I am a little bit overprotective of Tones here.” Rhodey held out a hand as Tony cuddled into his side, snorting at the expression of ‘a little bit’.
“So do I, Stevie.” Tony ran a hand through the alpha’s locks. “Go on, before you get in trouble.” Tony gave a pat to Steve’s bum just as the alpha left, laughing once more.
“How was your chat with Agent Carter, Rogers?” Clint teases, looking over at the alpha female as she got into a lift before looking at his alpha, an eyebrow raised. He can’t help but tease Steve about her. He knew he wasn’t interested in her in the slightest, but he loved to push his alpha’s buttons.
“Save it. I’m going to continue looking around this place.” Steve left the room, continuing down the hallway.
“Are you okay? Do you want to come in for some breakfast?” The blonde asked, making the omega look up but not directly at the alpha.
“Trust me, he wanted to. You’re lucky he listens to me.” Steve laughed a little at the memory from the dinner table, Clint’s scowl still clear in his mind at being refused the final slice after trying to sneak a slice a few times and getting a slap on the head from Natasha.
The alpha sped up a little before jumping over a large tree that had fallen over. There has been a huge storm a few nights back, it raged most of the night, which would have been the cause of the tree to fall. The trunk was huge, the width twice the height of Tony alone. Of course, it was no problem for Steve to jump it, but Tony was a different story. He wasn’t strong enough in his wolf form, he didn’t shift much growing up due to his father’s business and connection to the human side of the world. He did shift occasionally to stop it hurting each time, but he never trained as a wolf and only got to go on one hunt in his previous pack.
“You’ve both been here?” Tony lowered the menu, looking between the two wolves that sat opposite him.
Steve let out a growl, pulling back a little to look Tony in the eyes. Steve was furious, eyes dark, scowling. Tony turned away from the alpha, not being able to meet his eyes.
“To say no. He’s been texting me constantly and I’ve just been ignoring him. I-I can’t talk to him because I’ll just give in. Like I did before. He keeps asking me to do things with him in the pack and I got so overwhelmed thinking about it all.” Tony groaned hiding his face in his hands. “I was being exactly what Stane said I am. A desperate whore.”
“Enough!” Steve’s alpha voice caused everyone to stop what they were doing, including Loki who hardly ever took commands from the alpha. All eyes were on him, the only noise in the room was the champagne that was slowly filling Steve’s glass and a low growl emitting from the alpha. “Get back in your seats now and behave.” He pointed a finger to both Clint and Sam. “If you’re going to act like children, I will treat you like children. Neither of you are getting any of the brownies I made earlier for dessert. Your portions will go to Thor. You’re lucky I am letting you stay for the meal.”
“JARVIS? We’re heading back to the workshop.” Tony spoke, activating the AI as he walked downstairs to the main floor. “Can you bring up Project C.9 for me for when I get there?”
“No, Steve. You need to assert authority over them.” Brock sounded pissed. “I said, get me another water.”
“Peter.” Steve sighed, crouching down so he was at eye level with the boy once more. “I just want you to know because you seem like a smart boy, that upstairs and outside is going to look really scary, okay? But I’m going to make sure you’re safe and then I’ll look for your aunt and uncle.”
I found pictures of the animals that I have based everyone on, and I was wondering if you would want me to post them (as an extra chapter at the end of the book) or if you would rather leave it to your imagination. I'm not sure if I'm going to describe any of the other's in wolf form yet, so if I don't that might be a good chance for people to see them.
Steve really couldn’t wait to have children with Tony now. Especially if this was going to be the result.
“I know tonight means a lot to you, Steve. Bruce and I were talking and we’re going to try to keep them as best behaved as possible.”
Bruce had just made it to the top of the stairs before he was dragged off to Clint’s room by Natasha. The archer was lying halfway off his bed, upside down, watching as the two made their way over.
“It’s fine Bruce, you can stay there.” Steve sat down on one of the chairs he brought in, pout still there.
“It’s just stress. Stress to get this fucking shit done.” The omega muttered to himself. “Shit.” Tony winced, pulling his hand back from the soldering iron he had just burnt himself on. “All these years and I still get burns.”
“I can see myself getting into some trouble with him. He’s a bit of a rule-breaker.” The delta continued to calm the blonde down. “He thinks he’s funny but can come off as kind of an ass. But I think it’s more of a defence for him. SHIELD is going to improve with him around.”
“Sir, if I may interject your self-monologue, I think I might be able to help you out,” JARVIS said.
“Steve, your pack is amazing.” Tony was still on the alpha’s lap but was now facing the alpha instead of having his back to the blonde’s chest. The omega swallowed, looking away from the blonde. “I-I’ve never had anything like this before. Meals were silent, well for me at least. I wasn’t allowed to talk unless I was spoken directly to, which was a rare occurrence… I was lucky if I got half a plate of food, let alone dessert. You don’t know how amazing tonight has been for me, even if it wasn’t what you were expecting.”
“I'm absolutely okay with that,” Tony replied as he unbuttoned his dress shirt. “Maybe Clint is right, you are whipped.”
Steve was still in his mission outfit; the dark blue suit had a silver star on the male’s chest, three stripes of horizontal silver on each side. It was a different one to which he wore on the night of their meal. Tony subconsciously traced over the star before looking up at Steve who was watching him with a soft smile.
Tony groaned, his head was killing him. It was so much worse than yesterday. He hated himself for drinking so much again. Two nights in a row was far too much for the omega to handle. Tony sucked in a breath before opening his eyes, whining quietly at the bright light. That’s when he felt it, someone shifting behind him before wrapping an arm around his waist, their face nuzzling into the back of his neck. The omega sniffed, smelling the scent of an alpha… the blonde… Steve. Tony gasped, sitting up from the bed before holding onto his head and groaning as he got a headrush, the alpha’s arm sliding down over his lap.
Steve pulled back from Tony as his phone began to ring. Tony gave the blonde a confused look, to which Steve shrugged as he took out her phone.
Steve smiled softly, following Peter as he walked around the quinjet, looking it up and down in awe.
“We had been playing loads of other games beforehand so his scent was everywhere, and it was back before we were properly trained, so I couldn’t track him. Plus, that would have been cheating. So, I looked around the wing again, checking the toilets last and there he was, head stuck underneath the toilet door, wiggling to try and get free and asking for help.” Rhodey began laughing, Pepper joining in too. “He was stuck, and he couldn’t shift, or move forwards or backwards to free himself. I sat there laughing at him for five minutes before going to get Pepper so we could both laugh at him”
They both glanced over at the four wolves that were fighting. It was lucky they were still in their human forms or else things could have been worse as security approached them. Eventually, the security team pulled the fighters apart and pulled them around the side of the smoking area to the exit. Tony and Brooke followed them as they were shoved out of the club and told they were banned.
“He’s come to rescue us!” Clint cheered, jumping on Steve. The delta was lucky that the blonde had caught him just in time, as he was a bit (very) preoccupied looking at the omega.
alpha. He’d gone home with them last night and had gotten the alpha to cuddle with him. Tony let out a quiet whine at the idiot he was. If the earth was to open up and swallow him whole right now, he’d be eternally grateful right now.
“Shit, Steve.” Tony shook his head. “This isn’t your fault. I was the one to initiate the texting. I was the one to make it go further. I took it one step further in the kitchen. You were just responding to what I was giving. It isn’t your fault, none of this is. It’s mine for being fucked up in here.” The omega pointed to his head, letting go of Steve’s hand.
Bruce had a quick shower, drying off and getting changed into a new set of clothes. The delta threw his dirty clothes and towel into the hamper before leaving the bathroom and going downstairs, deciding to leave his hair wet. Bruce walked into the kitchen, smiling at the lasagne Steve had just placed on the side.
“Steve? Come on Rogers!” Bucky called as he stepped through the automatic doors to the cafeteria. After no response, he called again “Steve!”
“You guys go ahead. Get whatever you think we will need, supplies included. Nat, Buck, I trust you to handle it. I’ve got to make some calls.”
“Tony?” Steve got up, walking out into the hall were Bruce was hanging up his coat, DIEGO flying off to the other bots. “Is Tony staying late?”
Pepper frowned in confusion as her phone rang ‘Unknown Number’ appearing as the caller ID. She let it ring, thinking it was a cold caller before it rang again. Then again. Sighing, she answered.
“Oh.” Was all Steve could say. He was going to question it further, but maybe at another time, when Tony wasn’t quite so drunk.
There was dancing, lots of dancing and laughing. Maybe an argument? No, a fight. Clint and Natasha got into a fight because of Tony… For Tony? He couldn’t remember that much. The brunette rested his head in his hands. He couldn’t help but think what an idiot he must have been last night. Tony bit his lip, he wanted nothing more than to cuddle back into the alpha and sleep the rest of the day away. But the omega knew better than that.
Tony had invited Tammi, Brooke, Rhodey, Tyler and Pepper to come over for dinner tonight. They would probably have pizza and watch a movie or something, Tony hadn’t planned that much. He will confirm with them tomorrow, but everyone was pretty laid back and even though Pepper acted like she was only thinking about coming, Tony knew the redhead would.
The alpha closed the gap between the two of them in a soft but short meaningful kiss. Steve pulled back, his thumb carefully brushing against the omega’s cheek. Tony blushed a little, turning to look at the other two alphas. Rhodey had raised eyebrows and Tyler looked amused.
“Oh. I will have a look.” Faye turned to the computer screen, clicking it a few times. “I can’t find a name under Tony Stark for an appointment today.”
“Okay, that makes sense.” Tony bit his lip, turning off the bath and putting away the bubble bath. “Thanks, J.”
“You guys are so mean to me.” Tony huffed, coming out of hiding behind the napkin to look at the three of them who were laughing.
The blonde shook his head, following the brunette before pressing the button for the top floor. “Fine, okay, you can fly the quinjet. But you’re staying in it while we go to the village.”
Tony locked the tablet and looked up at the wolf, properly this time, taking in his appearance. The alpha had a scowl, clearly not liking the way Tony acted. He just a bit smaller than Steve and had dark hair, dark eyes and some stubble.
The round heads of the bots were red, with a faint gold pattern and a small blue ‘eyes’ which were sensors. The bots had golden arm-like claws so they would be able to pick things up and hold things. Tony used repulsor technology so they could fly. Each bot had a unique pattern on their heads, along with a slightly different program which made them have different ‘personalities’.
“I think he kind of predicted that you would be kicked out of the pack. He knew he couldn’t protect you forever against the others in the Stark Pack. I mean, he did set you a separate bank account with a lot of money which none of the others had access to, just in case someone screwed you over. I don’t think he trusted Stane either.”
“It means a lot to me.” The omega smiled, texting the two wolves. “At least they can’t complain too much now.”
Bruce was taking him to the house after they finished work, which was pretty soon. Tony hadn’t managed to do that much work today, too busy thinking about moving in. He looked down at the sheets of designs for his current project, moving one of his many empty coffee mugs.
“Don’t you know it’s rude to eavesdrop?” Natasha’s voice made Steve jump, hand over his chest as he turned to face the beta that was sitting up on the counter.
“Steve, this place is empty," Natasha said, causing Steve’s brows to furrow. “Just faded scents of shifters.”
“Mr Stark, I am Agent Coulson. I work for SHIELD.” The agent began, walking over to the desk and sitting down on the chair behind it. “You were brought here because a shifter pack under our tabs found you alone in the forest. We sent some of our Agents out to retrieve you, it’s dangerous for an omega wolf to be out alone.”
“Oh, he will. Steve will never stop until he finds me. That man is as ever stubborn as you are a massive prick.”
“I’m back.” Tony sing-songed as he flicked the lights on, holograms of his project appearing. “Thank you, JARVIS.”
“You’re always welcome to come and watch.” Steve ran his hand up and down the omega’s side gently. Tony let out a sigh, having an internal debate with himself. The blonde opened his eyes, glancing down at the top of the omega’s head. “What’s wrong?”
“What do you mean by go-” Bruce was cut off by someone else, but no one was around except him and Tony, so he believed.
“Thank you.” Tony ate his breakfast, Steve sitting by his side while watching the news. “So, what alpha things have you got planned for today?”
“Yeah, you’ll probably only need this floor,” Sam added on. “The basement is for training and upstairs are just bedrooms and bathrooms.”
Steve paused, confused, before following Tony’s gaze, seeing Wanda and Pietro. “Well, having pups would mean that extra help would be beneficial.”
“Well, I’m a little tired. Want to go cuddle at least?” Steve looked hopeful, knowing that Tony loved to cuddle when drunk, and so the omega nodded.
I originally wasn't going to have them be able to talk to one another in their wolf forms, but it would be a pretty weird and boring chapter and I wasn't too sure how to write it as I wanted them to go out shifted. So basically decided that non-wolves can't understand them, as they would be speaking in their wolf language (barking, whimpering, growling, and howling) and that's all that person would hear. Obviously, The Avengers Pack have two felines in their midst, but they have learnt to understand one another over the course of being together. Tony won't be able to understand Thor and Loki when they're shifted. Well, not yet anyway. The whole pack being shifted together is coming soon, including Bruce.
This was Steve’s problem with being such a relaxed alpha. He didn’t like to have too much control and power over his packmates. He had seen too many alphas be harsh and abusive to the shifters that should be regarded as family, which led to their pack being fragile and fearing their alpha. But sometimes Steve was too carefree with his pack, which lead to moments like this happening fairly often and the pack ranks blurring. The deltas, Clint especially, wouldn’t always listen to those higher up. Not even Steve’s own betas would from time to time. Thor, who was an alpha, tended to listen more to Steve than any of the others, with Nat and Bruce being close behind when they weren’t messing with Clint.
Steve followed Peter up the stairs, carefully watching the young delta take in his now wrecked home, his eyes beginning to water. It was so much for the boy to take in. Steve wished he’d never have to see this.
“Tony, you think you wandered off? Is that what Stane told you?” Pepper asked hesitantly. Tony only nodded in response. “That manipulative bastard.” The brunette looked up at Pepper, confusion written all over his face before the redhead continued. “Tony, your mum did die protecting you, but it was in the packhouse. You were both at home, a supposedly safe environment. The house was attacked whilst the pack was out. Your father didn’t make it back in time to save Maria, but he saved you in time. The rival pack was coming for you.”
“One. Experiments sometimes don’t work. They backfire. Hence them being experiments. Two. This is why. You worry too much, you got to learn to relax.” The omega smiled at Steve as if getting blown up was nothing.
Steve crouched down to Peter’s height. “Honestly Peter I can’t say. But my pack are looking and helping anyone they can find. We won’t give up. It’s just important that you’re not in danger anymore.”
“Of course and maybe you should text Steve too. Offer him to join us and you can talk about some ground rules. I’ll be there too.”
“Plus, it’s going to be hilarious to watch him get all flustered over a lab coat.” Clint had his shit-eating grin on him. He loved to wind up his alpha as much as possible.
“You and Loki can head back to Widow if it’s all clear upstairs.” Steve turned to Hulk and Thor. “Thor, Hulk, continue the search for Rumlow, he could be anywhere.”
The blonde turned to where the scent was coming from, following it. Getting closer he could hear sniffles.
Bucky gave a small smile, nodding as he removed his current arm, Tony helping him put on the one he had made. The beta smiled as he wiggled his metal fingers and clenched his hand into a fist.
//“This place is shit anyway!” Natasha called, flipping off the security as they had their backs turned before doing the same to the alpha and beta she had just fought with as they walked down the street.
The final chapter before book two. Of course, I'm still going to upload the shifter pictures, which I'll do just before I post the first chapter of book two. Which still needs a name. And the series also needs a name. I'll figure it out. But for now, please enjoy.
Tony whined, burying his face into the alpha’s golden fur. He whined louder when Steve stood up. The omega remained lying down, looking up at Steve. He really didn’t want to go, even if it was just a few more minutes of relaxing with the alpha. But Steve had insisted, pawing at Tony before starting to walk off. Tony didn’t move as he watched the alpha who turned back to face the brunette when he reached the tree-line, holding Tony’s gaze for a moment before walking into the woods.
A howl was heard in the distance which caused both wolves to stand, Tony, lifting his weight off his left leg, and look over to where the call was coming from. The alpha took a few steps forward, then howled back in response to the call. It dawned on the omega that the alpha had someone, most likely from his pack or even a
Reaching Tony’s room, the omega sighed as he used his key to open the door, hating that the day had come to an end so quickly.
“Get down there and look for survivors and give them help if they need it and put out the fires. If you’re able to, take people who need medical care to the quinjet, Hulk you’ll have to let Bruce come back if someone needs a doctor.”
The pack continued to discuss before looking over at Tony, who was petting the bots, smiling as they beeped happily.
“Damn it.” Steve groaned, removing the tea towel that was on his shoulder onto the countertop beside the stove.
Bucky and Pietro left as Steve turned to the door. The blonde knocked on the door, listening out for any response.
Clint’s raised voice disturbed the sleeping omega, luckily it didn’t seem to wake him, or he was ignoring them. He rolled off the scientist’s chest and curled up, pulling the blanket tighter and over his head.
“I know people attacked my pack.” Peter looked down towards the ground, scuffing his shoe. “I could hear them. I’m not a stupid kid.”
Reasoning: I wanted another female character, and an alpha female, that Tony could befriend. I later realised that I could have used Carol Danvers, but hey, maybe she could make an appearance? Brooke’s fur is a creamy-white, similar to her hair colour.
Fire hummed softly, looking up at the ceiling. Tony had been gone for some time now, probably around an hour, she wasn’t very sure. Without a clock, she wouldn’t know for sure. The cheetah had finished her dinner, as disgusting as it was, it was still food and she couldn’t afford to go hungry, especially if she wanted to get out of this place.
Tony turned around, fully expecting to see Bruce standing there, but instead it was Steve. The omega blushed, looking down at the ground immediately, refusing to look the alpha in the eyes. After a moment of silence, Steve was the one to speak up.
“Can you help me find my aunt and uncle?” The boy was more interested now, uncurling from his ball. “Aunt May asked me to hide down here until she and Uncle Ben got back but they didn’t come back.”
“A bit?” Nat scoffed, looking at Clint before turning to Bucky, eyebrow raised. “You’re one to talk anyway, Barnes.”
Tony blushed, ducking his head down at the compliment. “It’s okay. I know we can’t help it. It’s a pain in the ass.”
I also keep forgetting to reply to comments, but I do read them and by the time I remember to reply I feel like it's too late. But I appreciate all the love I get on my story and any feedback too.
“Thanks, J.” Tony hummed. “Shit!” The brunette gasped, tripping over something that had been left in the middle of the room. He looked down, spotting an abandoned quiver full of arrows. “Fuck you, Barton.”
Steve went to argue back, but Tony just shook his head, knowing it best not to argue with her. Tony stood up and hugged Pepper goodbye, doing the same to Rhodey when he had returned. Steve also said his goodbyes just before Tony could drag him out of the restaurant and back out to his motorcycle.
“Steve will be out in a minute,” Natasha told them both before going over to the chest with Bucky, Clint following behind them.
“I was so scared of telling Brooke how I felt but managed to, out loud. She cried so much, and I was scared that I had ruined everything, but she had returned my feelings. Now I have a new pack, an amazing one with an even better alpha who loves and cares for me. What they did to me and other omegas too, I won’t ever forget it and it. I am still nervous around higher-ranking wolves but I’m so much better than what I was because I opened my heart and took the opportunity to have a better life.”
“Leave them be, Clint. Tony, why don’t you go get Steve? He’ll probably be in his room.” Bruce smiled over at Tony. “You remember where it is, right?”
“Tony’s phone has been activated.” Everyone turned to face Steve who walked inside the quinjet. “Just outside of Charlottesville, Virginia. JARVIS is sending the coordinates.”
Tammi had only spoken one word and Tony knew she was nervous and shy. There was an uncomfortable silence surrounding them and the brunette wanted to say something, anything, to the omega that was sat with him, but he had no idea what.
The pack finds out about Tony's birthday and Tony takes Steve along to his meal with Pepper and Rhodey
Tony sat up, causing the alpha to uncurl from around him. Steve let out a whine, looking up at the wolf he was no longer grooming. Tony ignored the whine and leant forward to groom the golden wolf, starting at his head. Both of their tails began to wag as the omega groomed the alpha wolf. They were in their own world, happy in one another’s company and wouldn’t change it for anything.
Tony hadn’t done any work since they started at half-past nine that morning. The omega kept coming into Bruce’s lab, now he had his workshop, just to pester the delta about Steve and fuss over tonight. So, Bruce ever so kindly told him to leave, but maybe not so kindly and possibly with a swear word that had Tony shocked that Bruce would ever use that language.
“Fuck.” The omega paused, eyes closing as he felt like he was going to throw up. “I can’t do this anymore.” DIEGO would be fine for now and it would only take him a couple of minutes to run to the shop and get a pregnancy test.
Tony's mind whirled with possibilities. Had the HYDRA scientists done something differently? Were the twins not as compatible as they thought? Was it something to do with him and Fire? Other than the two of them being omegas, Tony wasn't sure what else the two shifters had in common. They were both very different. Tony's eyes widened as a thought hit him, making him stand up abruptly, heading over to the door, banging on it.
“I definitely won’t make any promises there. I have a bit of a proven track record in being late.” The omega replied, turning on his heels to face the human with a shrug, walking backwards a bit before turning back around, heading for the elevator. Once inside and seeing he was alone, Tony looked down at his watch and clicked a button. “Hey JARVIS, find everything you can on SHIELD.”
“You’re on the wrong side here, Rogers.” Brock stood and did as asked, going over to the front door, Steve following behind.
Pepper knew this was a lot for the male omega to take in. She would let him speak when he wanted to, her hands gently running through his hair in the meantime. It was a lot to put on the omega, but he couldn’t keep on with this lie and the guilt he had eating him up over events that weren’t even true. There was potentially a lot more lies that Tony was told, the things Stane and other high-ranking packmates told him to put him down and manipulate him, to claim Howard hated him because he was an omega.
“Hey, I don’t regret that. I knew what I was doing. I was showing team spirit.” Tony pointed a finger at the laughing alpha.
The male turned upon hearing his name, a female alpha walked over. She looked so familiar, but he couldn’t remember where from.
“I could ask if you could come tonight you know?” Tony began as he pulled back from the alpha. “I’m sure they won’t mind. I bet Pepper would like to know you better and Rhodey would like to see you again.”
Steve kept silent, causing the omega to sit up, grabbing his phone and the champagne bottle. Tony chugged on the last bit of champagne before scrolling through his phone to his music app and pulled up a romance playlist, shrugging as Steve looked over in confusion and concern.
“Go be annoying elsewhere.” Pepper hung up, Tony pouting as the room filled with the sound of AC/DC once more.
“You need to learn how to troll them back.” Tony laughed, taking off his shoes and throwing them to the floor. “Ugh, my shirt is over on the sofa.”
“I know. I’m going to bring it up when we go for the scan. Sometimes it does happen, but I just want to check everything is fine.”
“Why on earth? You know what, don’t even tell me. I don’t want to know. The less I know the better.” Rhodey let out a sigh as he looked over at his best friend. “Let's get you home.”
“Hey, JARVIS. Can you let Steve know that I went to the lab when he wakes? Oh and that he can visit me if he wants to but I’m hoping to see Pepper later when she replies to my text.”
“Nothing!” The omega turned around, facing Bruce, his hands behind his back to which Bruce raised a sceptical brow. “Hi, I’m Tony. Kinda new here.” The male, Tony, said holding out a hand in which Bruce took and shook gently.
“I do. I feel it all the time. Every time I look at him, every time he does something. From the smallest expressions on his face when he’s thinking to when he’s full-on laughing at my expense because Clint has made my life Hell.”
Tony sighed. Steve had his pouty face on. Big blue eyes, lip pouting as he stared straight at the omega. The brunette let out a quiet cuss before nodding. “Fine. But no getting in my way and you’ll have to make coffee.”
The feline shifter nodded. “They’ve kidnapped both humans and shifters before. They’re trying to make humans into shifters by combining our DNA. They tried it with alphas first, so the shifter army would be strong. But it didn’t end well.” Fire stared over at the brick wall, Tony following her glaze to where there were deep claw marks.
“Goodnight Steve.” Tony let his eyes close, his head resting against the alpha’s chest, letting his heartbeat lull him to sleep.
“Clint, we want him to join the pack, not scare him away. Dinner would be a nightmare.” Nat spoke up, not looking away from her phone.
I'm back. It's been so hot here in England lately that I haven't been up to writing, just moping around and crying.
“He invited you to his house for dinner, Tony! He wants you to get to know his pack!” The redhead was on the verge of shouting at the brunette and shaking some sense into him.
Tony huffed and sat up, watching the alpha run into the woodlands. It didn’t take too long for the golden wolf to return, a large hare in his mouth. Tony didn’t mind eating raw meat, his stomach was adapted to doing so, but he did prefer it cooked. But Steve had hunted for him, so Tony was just going to shut up and eat it because it was fine.
“I’ll have to speak to him when I get back home.” Tony looked at the delta. “Fancy walking me back. We can catch up.”
"Fire and I are only half. Both of our mums were human." Tony sighed. "That's probably why they can't hold their state as well."
He shut the door before with his foot before toeing off his shoes and taking off his shirt and joggers, leaving him in his boxers. He moved his and Tony’s shoes away from the bed and neatly folded their clothes on the chest of draws. Tony was watching the alpha the whole time but had shuffled up onto the bed and slipped inside by the time Steve was finished and grinned up at him once the alpha made his way over. The brunette patted the spot next to him, giggling softly when the blonde climbed into the bed.
Tony nodded. “I know that. I’m going to. I just don’t want him to hate me. There’s something between us. I know there is.”
“You drive me crazy, you know that, right?” Steve called, following after the omega as the left his lab.
Tony hugged Loki tight, no doubt the beta didn’t look impressed with the contact, but he didn’t care. He could finally get some work done and get rid of his cabin fever.
“Is this all you wanted to talk about? Because I have lots of work to be getting on with and this isn’t a three or higher.”
“Shut up Clint, Bruce is nervous again. Loki made chicken korma if you want it.” The redhead began, glaring at her best friend before softening her gaze at Bruce.
“Just going to go back to my room, watch a movie or something… I think I’ll see what Pepper is up to.” Tony shrugged, pressing the button for the elevator.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” The alpha sipped his drink. “HYDRA, on the other hand, that’s much more of their area of expertise.”
Tony nodded, thankful that the beta was there with him. Bucky kept his arm around Tony as the smaller wolf stubbed his roll-up and disposed of it. The beta shot a final glare at the alpha over his shoulder as they walked back inside. His arm remained around the omega until they both reached the table where Bucky went to sit between Sam and Bruce once more and Tony slid in next to Steve.
“You do?” Steve smiled wide, eyes lit up. No doubt if he had his tail it would be wagging like crazy.
It was 6:30 pm and Tony was drunk out of his mind and ended up creating something that wasn’t his latest SHIELD project. It wasn’t a project at all. Tony got a little bit creative when drunk, and possibly a little mad.
“Thanks, Steve.” Tony gave a smile, taking the cone from the alpha, biting on his lip as he stared at the bright blue ice cream before taking a lick. “I think my tongue is going to be blue.”
“If you want to you can, but if you’d rather sleep that’s okay.” Tony folded up the shirt before putting it in the draw.
The pair went down to the labs and got set up, working hard on Bruce’s project, only stopping once to have a late lunch after Agent Coulson had stopped by to remind them and to check their progress. Tony had given that time to give the Agent back his guest card and informed him he’d look over his contracts tonight. The wolves worked late once again, not nearly as late as the night before and managed to finish the project, much to the scientist’s delight. It was another project he didn’t have to worry about and would get The Director off his back.
“Sam, Bucky and Clint are currently on territory checks. Thor, Nat and Loki are looking after Wanda and Pietro, teaching them the ropes and stuff.”
“I’ve never had an experience like that.” Tony rubbed under his eyes before taking a sip of his scotch. “I got in a lot of trouble at MIT. I’m surprised they didn’t kick me out.”
Steve blushed fiercely, trying not to think too much about the omega being a different reason why he was hot and sweaty. There had been a few times where Tony had sent a few suggestive texts and each time he reacted in the same way. Last time it was in front of Bucky, which had the beta laughing so hard he fell off the couch as the alpha tried to hide his embarrassment and semi-hardon.
Tony nodded. “I found out just before I was kidnapped. I was going to tell my mate when I got home but that’s going to have to wait now. He’s going to be going crazy.”
“Everyone, these are my bots. TIA, WIM, DIEGO, BRIE and” Tony gently took hold of Steve Jr, turning to Steve. “Steve Jr.”
“Hey, I’m here now and I’m fine. We’re all fine.” The brunette shuffled closer to the blonde, cuddling into his side. “I’m not really tired, want to watch some TV?”
“Pepper and Rhodey are taking me to this Italian place, Bella Italia.” Tony smiled. “I think they would have killed you if you didn’t let me go.”
“I took a few pictures if you’d like me to print one for you?” Stephen asked, wiping off the gel. “You’ll have to come back and get regular check-ups by a midwife.”
"Pietro only gets halfway and I can only old mine for a few seconds before I shift back." She continued. "Do HYDRA think that having you here will help us?"
“You don’t need to do anything, doll,” Steve replied as he helped Clint put everyone’s food out on plates. Natasha sorted out the side orders and Bruce and Thor went back into the kitchen. Sam passed Tony a tray and Bucky gave him his cutlery and Loki passed him his plate of food.
Bruce was sent out on a mission with the rest of the pack four days ago for a long hall trip. He didn’t know when they would be back and was missing them all, but Steve in particular. Since Tony had a chat with Steve three months back, they had gone on a few small dates whenever they could; the movies; Steve taking out Tony for lunch on his break; walks through the park. Nothing else happened except a few small and sweet kisses, cuddles and hand-holding here and there. Steve had been so accepting of the omega’s terms and was willing to wait that it made Tony’s heart want to burst. Tony only went to the packhouse two other times since dinner, one was for Bucky’s birthday and the other was for another meal, and he knew that the alpha wanted him to go more, but he didn’t push it and didn’t ask Tony to stay either. Their relationship had done a 180, going from very intense to being more subtle and sweet but it was slowly turning back at Tony’s new pace.
Fur colour: Greyish-brown with black along his back and white underbelly originally, greenish tint now
The evening soon came about and the omega had shifted into his wolf form to go for a walk. He wasn’t planning to be out for long. Probably ten or fifteen minutes at most, just for some alone time.
The two began laughing again before deciding that they really should get a move on before they were late. Tony made sure his room was tidy although Agent Coulson assured him that the staff would be cleaning it tomorrow anyway and the room would be his again if he ever needed it. Tony’s stuff was packed into the car in one trip and the two wolves drove to The Avenger’s Packhouse. Bruce led Tony inside, both of them carrying the omega’s things before placing them down at the door.
The alpha searched the house, calling out to see if there were any survivors at all. It wasn’t the first time he had been on a rescue mission, but it didn’t mean it made it any easier. People were still hurt, killed, and there was nothing Steve could do to change that now.
“They offer therapy sessions at SHIELD.” Pepper knew it was a long shot but decided to say it anyway.
Steve had been warning Tony about his pack, especially Clint and Bucky. The amount of teasing he had received had tripled and he didn’t want to scare off the omega.
Tony nodded and did as instructed, biting his lip as Stephen applied the gel. The alpha moved the wand across his stomach, looking around for a sign to confirm he was pregnant. It took a couple of minutes, but it was confirmed. He was pregnant. With twins.
“Too old.” The omega took the knife that Natasha had passed to him so he could cut it. “But that’s very creative.”
“Tony, I know you’re worried. You don’t have to move in if it’s too much for you.” Bruce sighed, looking around the room. Tony had a few boxes packed with his items in, though nothing much.
“It’s okay, Mr Stark.” Tony doesn’t remember apologising but accepted it anyway. “Miss Potts, would you mind taking our guest up to Agent Coulson’s office? It will give you time to catch up.” The human smiled at the pair.
Steve rubbed his head against the omega’s side. “Hungry?” He asked as he pulled away. Tony let out a whine but nodded. He wanted to groom the alpha too and made his point by licking over the golden fur on Steve’s side. “After we’ve eaten.” The alpha stepped back from the omega. “Stay here. I’ll get us something.”
Tony grinned, snuggling back into the armchair as Steve walked over to the other alpha and placed a glass of water in front of him. The alpha didn’t seem so impressed to see Tony sitting there, but if Steve allowed him to stay then he would.
After going through several wrong doors and walking in on one very interesting scene, he had found a bathroom. Once he was finished up, he went back to the kitchen and poured himself a vodka and coke. Well, that’s what Tony had hoped. The back door was now open, and Tony caught a whiff of an omega walking outside.
“Did you know Pepper is allergic to strawberries? I almost gave them to her once because I got mixed up and thought she loved them.” The omega said as he picked up the red fruit.
Also, if anyone wants to ask me anything or just wants a general chit chat my twitter user is @UFookinLousah in case anyone wanted to know.
“Definitely no pressure. It will be fun. They'll probably just embarrass me, but I tend to do that on my own anyway.” Tony laid down beside Steve once more. “I want my best friends to get along with you Steve.”
Tony knew that the two of them will work through it together. Steve would support him, he wasn't going to abandon him like his previous pack. Steve wasn't like them.
“I’m surprised you didn’t figure out sooner, the number of times Rhodey and Pepper have dropped the SI name. But yes, Howard Stark was my dad and alpha, then he died so his second took his place. I’m a Stark and there’s a reason I didn’t tell you. I know that name doesn’t have the best reputation.”
Tony walked by Steve, still in his wolf form, tail flicking as he ignored the alpha. He would talk to Steve in private upstairs. Tony knew the alpha was following him as they went to the top floor and into their bedroom. It was then when Tony shifted back into his human form.
The alpha gave a confused look at the delta and before he could respond, Bruce had made his way upstairs and to his room and began getting things for his shower. The delta grabbed a towel and a change of clothes from his room before making his way over to the bathroom on the floor.
Only himself and his father had access to the omega’s bank and knew the details and JARVIS of course. If Obadiah or any other members of the Stark Pack tried to touch his bank, one, JARVIS would tell him, and two, he’d sue their asses. He knew they wouldn’t though, as Stane loved Howard’s business, Stark Industries, way too much to risk losing it to its rightful inheritor. So, Tony would take as much as he could, it was his business and could prove it in a heartbeat. It would mean Stane and the whole pack of greedy shifters would lose out and would probably go to prison if Tony was feeling vicious enough.
Steve did as he was told, squeezing his palm shut. There was a quiet humming noise as the boxes rustled before the shield came back, the blonde catching it on his arm. The alpha looked at Tony, eyebrows raised.
Steve grinned, watching as Tony lead Peter over to the big table that they sat at when discussing things. Tony asked JARVIS to pull up holograms of the things he had designed. The delta pup was filled with more wonder, watching the holograms.
“I’m so sorry Steve. I wouldn’t have called if it wasn’t an emergency, but I’ve lost them!” Bruce was in a panic. “I got a text from Clint saying ‘we’re going on an adventure’ after watching them go dance in Aurora’s. I tried finding them, but I couldn’t. I called multiple times, but no one picked up. I just got one text from Nat saying, ‘no cheating’. I think they think I’m playing a game.”
Once Tony got put with the two siblings permanently, coming up with the excuse that they needed to be watched over and it can allow more time to help them shift. They had started on a plan to escape during this time and they were ready now. Most of the HYDRA “guards” were shockingly awful at the guarding part. The three of them were able to collect bits of tech, materials and tools, taking them to the tiny part of their room that was just cut off from being watched on camera. Tony was doubting how smart these people were more and more every day. HYDRA had some very good and powerful tech, something the brunette had a field day with.
He heard Nat laugh down the phone, no doubt Clint would be pouting. They couldn’t be far at all. Clint’s scent, the one he decided to focus on, was very strong now. Natasha was still laughing down the line until it cut off. The blonde looked down at his phone, cursing at the fact he’d been hung upon. The archer was on thin ice with the alpha’s patience.
“Sir, I have found reports on SHIELD in the specific area you asked. Would you like me to send them to you?” The mysterious voice said, leaving the delta very confused and the omega with a panicked face.
“Thanks for getting it ready for me.” The delta said, placing the dish on the island table before sitting up on the bar stools.
“It’s alright, Agent Barton, I’ll see to your report later on if you’d like to leave it with Agent Hill.” The human spoke, making both wolves turn to face him instead of staring at one another. The delta gave a firm nod before leaving the room and Agent Coulson focused on the omega in front of him again. “If you are curious about any job vacancies, you are welcome to ask at reception and they will give you a list. For now, you can retreat to your current room or help yourself to food in the cafeteria. I hope to hear back from you in 24 hours. If I don’t, I’ll assume that you have declined our request to stay here and I’ll send some agents to make sure your room is cleared out.” The agent continues as he stands from his desk and walks back over to the door, opening it up.
The brunette froze. He was sure he heard something. His ears twitched, adjusting in position to try to pick up on the noise. Nose sniffing to try and catch a scent. He was being watched. Tony slowly turned, eyes scanning the trees for a sign of something or someone watching him. He took a step forward, hesitantly, sniffing the air. That’s when he caught the smell.
Tony almost faltered, almost cracked under the words spoken to him. He had promised himself never again. Never again would he allow himself to be talked down to. He had Steve and the rest of the pack, who all loved him and cared for him; showed him what a proper pack could be like. This was just some dickhead, stuck in his ways, trying to assert any type of power over a lower-ranking shifter. Tony hated to think about how Rumlow’s pack must be treated.
In most cases, shifters only got wounds from human weapons. It would depend on the case and the health of the shifter. But weapons powerful enough to inflict harm and kill shifters were dangerous in the wrong hands, even though his father was doing it for the good guys, Tony had a suspicion that someone in his pack was double-dealing to get more money.
Okay, so you wanted to see what I thought of the pack (and a few others) in their shifted forms. This is just what I could find to be the closest I picture them being.
Okay, so shorter chapter this time but it's lighthearted, especially after that deleted Endgame footage came out today. Man my heart. I didn't think I could cry at anything else to do with that movie.
Tony let out a soft sigh. “She passed away when I was two. I have some very fuzzy memories, snippets, mainly her at a piano, but nothing strong. There were a few pictures of her around the house and my father wouldn’t speak about her, I guess it was hard for him. He never moved on, just continued to run the business and pack. I picked up occasional things from others, but not a lot. Sometimes I wish I could just talk to her, see her for just a few minutes even. Just so I can have a stronger memory of her. Do you get what I mean?”
“And I said no.” Tony looked over at Steve for a second, the alpha seemed to be having a battle with himself. But Tony knew, that Steve knew, that he could handle his own battles.
“Just get the basics, replace whatever Clint took so Natasha doesn’t come for his head later.” Bruce grinned.
“You’ll see.” The omega bit his lip and finished loading the dishwasher before starting the cycle. “I’ll meet you outside in five?”
“Gross.” Steve gave Bucky a look. “Kidding! Awww my Stevie-kins has finally settled down!” Bucky’s metal arm wrapped around the older man’s shoulders, shaking him gently. “I never thought I’d see the day, not after before. I’m so happy for you Steve. I mean it.”
Tony sniffed around, trying to catch any sort of scent, an unknown alpha and beta had been here around 28 hours ago, but nothing more recently. Which most likely meant that this wasn’t a pack’s territory, so the omega had one less thing to worry about. But there would still be a possibility of wanders. The wolf wasn’t worried about finding the pack that had left him behind. In a way he was grateful to get away from it, for years he had tried to plan his escape, but he never knew how or had the guts to do it. He didn’t have anyone else. His childhood friend, Rhodey, was in another pack that was constantly on the move, protecting shifters that had made homes in towns and cities and going across to other lands to keep the peace between the different shifter types and humans. Pepper, an omega like him, was in his pack in the past and they were best friends; inseparable. She was the only one who wouldn’t take Tony’s shit. As soon as Howard died, she left. Stane had always said he hadn’t done anything to her, but he never believed him. Pepper would never have left him behind without warning. He knew that just like him, she hated the pack and was only kept around as Howard’s assistant once she reached maturity instead of being left like most omegas, but the two of them always stuck together.
“I have no clue, Pepper. I’ll probably just word vomit and make it up as I go along.” Pepper gave Tony a look. “I have a rough idea, okay? It’s a bit last minute if I’m honest.”
I've pretty much planned out the whole book now and written most chapters. I've already been planning for a second book in the series.
Tony smiled, taking another drag as he looked around at the others that were also outside. He noticed an alpha watching him, making him uncomfortable. The omega stepped closer to Bucky, smiling nervously at the beta.
As promised, a HYDRA henchman came to collect Tony, giving Fire her meal of what Tony could only describe as pure slush. The omega had no idea why he was going to this meal or who he was going to meet.
“You know I’ve been working on some stuff for everyone in my workshop. Some house stuff, some more personal stuff.” Unsurprisingly, Tony couldn’t keep his mouth shut for long. “Still working out the kinks for some of them but I’m getting there. I think you’ll like them.”
search for Tony. He had reached out to the other SHIELD bases across the country, but until he heard back, he couldn’t afford to do anything else without a lead.
“Thank you.” Bruce smiled before hanging up, dropping his phone beside him, thankful that Tony was still asleep.
Tony nodded as he picked up his coffee and finished it off. Natasha had gone back to reading and the omega really wanted to check on Steve. Tony left the living room to wash up his mug in the kitchen, leaving it on the drainer to dry before going up to the top floor. He stood outside his and Steve’s bedroom door for a moment, unsure how to handle the situation. It was a possibility that Steve didn’t want to be comforted or talk. Tony knocked on the door before poking his head in.
Tony had messed around with creating AI bots before, most ended up only being designs or half-finished projects. One of the bots flew around to Tony’s face, the omega smiling and holding out his hands so the bot could rest on his hands.
Tony placed his menu down on the table, grinning over at his best friends who didn’t look amused at all and a waitress standing with her notepad ready to order. Steve slowly lowered his menu, cheeks slightly red as he looked down at the table.
Tony went over to his couch and grabbed his laptop, deciding to watch a few episodes of Star Trek while he drank his coffee. It was still way too early for him to go to sleep, most of the time it would be anywhere between 3-6am. After watching three episodes Tony glanced at the clock, groaning at the fact it wasn’t even 1 am yet. The omega shut his laptop before grabbing his key card and folder and left the room. He took the elevator down to the first floor and walked out of the door, having to use his card for both. Between 11 pm and 6 am the building was in lockdown, although there were security and a few workers around, it was still a safety protocol.
Steve grumbled, hearing his drunk deltas voice on the other end of the phone call. He had been sleeping until the call woke him up.
“Just when I miss-behaved, didn’t follow the rules or do what an omega was supposed to. They would say it was putting me in my place, as an omega, I am to submit and listen to them.” Tony swallowed, eyes watering, “they made me do things I didn’t want to, touch me when I didn’t want them too and when I tried to refuse, tried to get away, they would attack me. They were sneaky about it when my father was alive, as he was too busy working to notice, but once he was gone no one cared, I was just a disobedient omega that wouldn’t follow orders. They would use me until they were satisfied and then leave me to pick up the pieces on my own.” Tony didn't want to go into his past too much, but he felt strong enough to tell the alpha in little detail what had happened to him.
Clint let out a groan of annoyance, his head falling back onto Natasha’s knees. It wasn’t the first time that they had been called on an emergency mission during movie night, but it still irritated him each time. Bucky turned off the TV whilst the other left, deciding to leave the snacks out. Hopefully, they would return home by tomorrow and sort it out then.
“See! From an actual alpha. He let Tony stay at his too last night and cuddled him because this alpha is clearly attracted in him too. They cuddled.”
“Hey!” The omega growled, moving away from the grip, turning around to face whoever thought they could touch him.
Everyone was so happy and excited for Bucky; the beta had his leg back in his wolf form. This meant he could hunt again, but more efficient with the pack. Tony would have to keep it maintained and upgraded, but for the first official arm, it had done well. Giving back Bucky his little bit of freedom had been worth every piece of stress Tony had ever had on that project and would continue to be worth it just too see everyone so happy for the beta.
The cake was delicious, and Tony regretted not giving himself a bigger slice. He found out that it was Sam’s recipe and he had not so subtly hinted that the delta should make the cake every day, Clint, Bucky and Thor agreeing with him.
“I’m not going to banish you from seeing me Tony. I like you way too much to do that. I rushed over here to see you because I missed you so much.” Steve gave a small smile.
Climbing out of the bed before going over to Natasha who had his clothes, the two shared a look, trying not to laugh at the archer’s expression. Bruce made his way into the bathroom, locking the door behind him to start his shower.
“Thor made lasagne today? I’m surprised Clint didn’t finish it off.” Bruce joked, looking down at the homemade Italian dish before looking at Steve once again.
Once again that night, Steve’s cheeks reddened, resisting to run a hand through the omega’s locks. “You’re welcome, Tony.”
“I am unable to track his whereabouts. His last known location was in SHIELD Medical. He had arranged an Uber to pick him up and bring him home.”
He had dealt with his packmates being drunk before but there was at least Steve and Loki who would be sober too. He knew how to handle his drunk packmates. Thor was loud, loud and loud. Clint was just a thousand times worse with mischievous ideas but way too drunk to pull them off. Natasha would just laugh at everything and team up with Clint and whoever else to make the lives ones who were sober hell. Sam would be singing until the cows came home and Bucky was incredibly chatty. He had only ever seen Steve very drunk once and the alpha was very emotional, he ended up getting Bucky to comfort him as it was something to do with their past. He had never seen Loki drunk before but knew he would have the occasional drink. Tony seemed to be a mixture of all his packmate’s drunken states rolled into one big mess.
“And that you’d get away with it,” Bucky added, trying his best to keep Clint and Thor away from the cake.
The doctor only rolled his eyes in response, handing over an envelope with the ultrasound scan inside. Tony took it with a small smile before heading to the door.
Dr Strange let out a sigh, giving in. “We didn’t have any appointments free today, but he seemed desperate. I managed to fit him in before I had my first patient, but it didn’t go on record.” He paused. “Tony is pregnant. And while he-”
Tony began to tidy up, the best he could anyway, the bots helping by picking up tools and putting them away. The omega turned when there was a knock at the door, going over to it and opening it to Rhodey.
“Rhodey!” Tony grinned, hugging the alpha before turning to Pepper, hugging her too. “Pepper. You guys remember Steve, right?”
Tony shoved his hands in his pockets as he walked down the street that was lit up with street lights. The omega continued to walk, just glad he could do anything rather than sit in his room, bored and alone. He began to hum to himself, kicking a stone as a car drove past. He had no idea where he was going and prayed that he wouldn’t get lost as he didn’t bring his phone or JARVIS with him. The brunette walked for around for half an hour, coming to the edge of the city where a large forest stood. It was almost like it was calling him. The omega looked both ways before crossing the street once seeing it was clear. He bit his lip, walking into the woods just enough so he would be out of sight from anyone in the city. The omega stripped down and hid his clothes under some branches, shivering at the cold air whipping around him before shifting into his wolf form, thankful for his fur. It was predominately brown like his human hair but had bits of black tips across his back and his underbelly and muzzle were white.
Even though Tony was terrified of moving in, and the pack’s opinion of him, he was glad it was happening. The two of them were becoming close and he had begun to care so deeply for the alpha. The slower steps they were taking had helped and made him more comfortable around Steve and he didn’t panic so much. Worries were always around but he would find someone to talk to them about, mainly his therapist or Pepper. If it concerned Steve the alpha had a right to know so Tony would tell him. The omega would also seek comfort in Bruce, Tammi, Natasha and even Clint. He had grown close to them all and it wouldn’t surprise him if he got close to the rest of the pack too, if all things went well. Omegas naturally had a charm about them which made it easy for them to get along with others and could diffuse conflicts easily, that being when they didn’t want to fight themselves.
“Bucky, can I speak to you outside when I’m finished here?” Tony asked, the beta as he loaded the dishwasher with another plate.
“Sorry. Just wondering why everyone is here… in my workshop? Can’t a guy work in peace?” The omega joked, climbing down from the stool. Coffee was the first thing on his mind right now and if he was going to finish these projects, he needed loads of it.
“Come on. I promise to be on my best behaviour. I just want to have a look at what you have here. Just to see if it’s any good.” The omega had a grin on his face.
“Are you going to let that thing of yours talk to me like that?” Brock turned to Steve, pointing over to Tony.
“He’s a friend. Don’t worry.” He looked over at Tyler apologetically. “Overprotective brother here you see. And the one that constantly reminds me of what a disaster I am... Tyler, this is Rhodey. Rhodey, Tyler. Not a threat.”
“Oh, so we’re shifting,” Tony stated as Steve was pawing at his leg. “Alright, alright. Turn around then. No looking.”
Tony hadn’t been running off to SHIELD as much as of late, but he had been getting up at all sorts of hours and not going bed until late as he was working on projects. Steve was less worried about Tony when he was at home, but he was still concerned with how little the brunette slept, ate and even went outside. If it wasn’t for the pack, Tony would only be running on coffee and energy drinks. Everyone would try to convince him to go to bed, sometimes he would go more willingly than others. Other times Thor or Steve would have to carry him up and into bed, where he would fall asleep almost straight away once his head hit the pillows. Loki also played his part occasionally, putting Tony into a sleep state, as much as the alpha hated it.
“It’s going to be weird just talking to you through my watch or glasses, J,” Tony spoke as he slid his watch off his wrist, placing it down by his coffee. Tony had made sure that JARVIS couldn’t be activated by his old pack by disconnecting him in his old room and workshop, the only places he was before. The wolf originally planned to have him all over the packhouse and even in his dad’s building to help with anything they needed. But his A.I. had been refused by his father because there could be “holes in his development” and a load of other bullshit that Tony had rolled his eyes at.
Tony laughed and paid for his and Pepper’s meal before giving a hug to both females. Brooke was surprised at first but happily hugged the brunette back before joining her mate at the table once more as the male omega left the happy couple.
The delta cheered as the two of them left the motel. There was a petrol station next to the motel which sold all sorts of food. The two shifters walked inside and started grabbing snacks to keep the eight of them going. They wouldn’t be staying here for much longer and they could ger some proper food to re-stock the Quinjet once they took down the HYDRA base.
“I hate you the least.” The alpha shrugged before placing his hands on the omega’s waist, pulling him closer.
Also, his heat was due soon and Steve should be back in time, but they were pushing it, as heats can always come early. They were also risking it as Steve had come off his suppressants, so his rut should co-inside with Tony’s, but it could also be early and end up affecting the mission. All of the pack, except refrom Tony were on suppressants to stop their mating cycle. Most shifters have one to three a year, some having up to six. The cycles can vary in length, from a couple of days to a week. The pack come off their suppressants once a year, so they can still have a cycle to keep healthy, as it is recommended, and take turns so they’re not all sex-crazed messes all at once. After Tony first matured, his cycles were short but often, having one every two months, that lasted two to three days. It was a nightmare not having a mate, but a dick was a dick to Tony in that frame of mind. He was thankful he didn’t end up with an STI or pregnant, although there was a scare one time. Eventually, his heats started to become fewer but lasted longer. Currently, he has two or three a year, and they last around four or five days. His first one should have been back in March, but it didn’t happen, Tony suspects it’s because of being abandoned from his old pack. Steve had told the omega that he hadn’t gone into rut for a year and a half after he lost his first pack and it was common for shifters to miss a cycle if they had gone through something.
The male nodded a little, looking up at Pepper before taking a deep but shaky breath in, holding it for a few seconds before letting it back out again.
They were currently staying in a motel in Minnesota. A HYDRA base was close by and the pack was currently taking turns to survey it before moving in. Thor and Sam had done the latest shift, Natasha and Loki taking over from them. The Quinjet was hidden in a forest nearby, disguised by the stealth mode Tony had installed.
“This is great news! We need to get him to come over, meet the pack. Maybe for dinner?” The archer was grinning, getting excited. Bruce had to remind him to keep it down.
“This is an emergency Pepper!” Tony whined, phone against his ear as he stomped his foot like a child.
“Omegas that have alpha-like tendencies. They saw that in me. They must have seen that in you.” The redhead said carefully. “Our DNA will be put into two humans, so they will lead the pack. Even though they will be omegas, they have enough alpha within them to lead. But not enough to try and take over the alphas of their pack. So then HYDRA can take over the world.”
“Okay, here we go. So, we’ve been courting for some time, right. Like, what, three weeks now? I guess we never really put a date on it, it just happened.” Tony started, thinking about how he could continue this. Steve nodded, pausing from his ice cream to look at Tony. “I just want you to know that I care about you, Steve. So much. I am not ending what’s between us, I don’t want that to happen at all. But if you want to, after this conversation, then I will respect your wishes.” Steve gave a confused look, but the omega continued with a shaky breath before the alpha could say anything. “I had a panic attack this morning in the workshop. I had locked the doors so no one could get in. Bruce had called Pepper and she managed to get me to open the door so she could help me through it. I used to have them a lot growing up and she would always help me.”
When they were pups, and Pepper was big enough, her and Tony were rarely seen apart. The two were best of friends and did almost everything together. It was even worse when Rhodey got thrown into the mix, as he was older and did “cooler older wolf things” with the two of them. Tony was always more of the child between them, despite being three years older, and got them into a lot of trouble growing up. Most omegas would get left behind once they matured if they weren’t the alpha’s child or mate, but Howard kept Pepper around as an assistant. She was much smarter than her job, and should have been doing more in Howard’s business, but was unable to move up because of her omega status. But he was still thankful she was around until Stane came along that is.
Tony looked up, Steve was in an alpha stance, tail up as he stood up high over the two lower-ranking wolves who were lying on the ground, ears flat and tail between their legs. The golden wolf let out another growl, the deltas rolling onto their backs, showing submission to their alpha. Steve accepted it before turning to face Tony.
“Promise.” Steve gently squeezed Tony’s waist as he looked over at his pack. All were watching them, and some were standing with smirks.  He wasn’t going to hear the last of this one on the ride to their mission.
The three of them laughed as they played once more, this time Sam and Tony chasing Clint. Hulk and Thor ended up coming down to play too while Steve, Loki and Natasha went off to hunt for some food and Bucky watched them from the side-lines. The five of them were soaked by the time Steve and the others returned from their hunt. Sam and Clint shared a look before running off to Bucky, shaking off their wet fur over the beta who didn’t quite escape in time.
“Tony?” The omega froze at the voice, he couldn’t believe he was hearing it again, before turning around.
“Bruce?” Bucky called, stepping into the room. The living space was empty, so the beta headed towards the bedroom as Clint went to the kitchen. “Bruce?”
“How does he sleep through so much but he’s never in any danger?” Bucky shook his head. “I’ll get out of your hair.”
Tony groaned as he patted his pockets, realising he didn’t bring any cigarettes with him, again. He had forgotten yesterday too and was determined to get one this time.
“Shh!” Bruce raised a finger to his lips, just as Clint was about to open his mouth, the other hand reaching out in front of him to give a stop sign. “He wanted to cuddle, and I couldn’t say no.” Bruce shrugged, looking at Tony before looking at his packmates, noticing Natasha taking a picture.
“Tell him I’m on my way,” Steve replied, taking one last look at Tony crouching besides Peter, intensely listening to the young delta talk about the stuff he had tried to make before and all the stuff he wanted to make now.
“You’re an omega. Submitting to any alpha and doing as they command is what you should do. What a good omega should do. So, run along back into the kitchen where you belong, before I make you.”
“I gotta go.” The alpha stumbled over his words, holding his phone close to his chest as he left the room, the three packmates laughing.
“I’m sorry!” Clint ran out of the kitchen, causing Bucky to look up and over at the delta who was carrying a plate with a sandwich on. Sam lifted his head from Bucky’s lap, also looking over at the archer.
“Fuck.” The omega muttered, his head throbbing and glanced down at Steve who was still asleep, trying to recall what happened last night.
“I’m not a good omega. I’m never going to be a good enough for any alpha. I’m not like the others. I just-” The omega was bawling as he cuddled into Bruce, holding the delta close.
“Want to take the long way back home?” Steve asked and Tony nodded in response, taking off his glasses and securing them in his pocket. He continued to look at Steve, the alpha pausing as he lifted Tony’s helmet.
“I owe you it.” Tony smiled softly before kissing the delta’s cheek. Everyone watched them both in confusion and shock, excluding Natasha as she seemingly knew what the exchange was about.
The two wolves continued their way to the ground floor and into the living room, TV on playing an episode of Rick and Morty. Sam, Bucky and Natasha were on one sofa, Sam’s head resting on the male beta’s shoulder as Bucky’s metal arm was draped over the delta’s side. The coffee table had been pushed aside to make room for Thor and Clint who were lying on their stomachs on the floor, watching the TV show. Loki was in the armchair, as always, and Bruce was alone on the other sofa. Steve lead Tony over to the sofa on which Bruce sat, sitting down and gently pulling the omega to sit beside him. Tony smiled as Steve’s arm wrapped around him and he happily cuddled into the alpha’s side.
“You wouldn’t dare.” Tony let out another growl, fist banging on the glass. They would have found the envelope with the ultrasound in when they changed his clothes.
“You enjoyed making it Loki. Don’t lie.” Clint smirked over at the snow leopard, who only rolled his eyes in response but had the faintest of smiles you would only notice if you were looking for it.
Steve looked like he was having a debate with himself. “Okay. Just be careful. Don’t leave the territory or-”
“I wouldn’t touch them.” The wolf said, picking up a gun before looking at Pietro. “You meet your sister and start phase two, yeah?” Tony pointed to the gun the teen had picked up. “You’ll be okay using that?”
“But the human-shifter omega needed an alpha so they could shift and follow orders. At first, they were responding to the alphas here. Now they’re not and the scientists didn’t know why. Until now.”
“I’m serious. And no fighting at the table either.” He looked between the three before looking down at the text on his screen, just as another text came through.
“Chilling about in the sun. Clint getting his ass kicked. Winners all around.” Sam grinned, causing the alpha to laugh.
Tony followed the male, who went and sat down with a group of others, who were also all omegas too. Tony grinned and sat down too. The only other shifters he had smelt at this party so far had been mainly deltas, betas and alphas with some humans in the mix too.
Reasoning: She just had to be an alpha, no other ways about it. At first, she wasn’t going to be a wolf. I debated for so long on what else she could be. I thought about different big cats and those in the Canidae family but didn’t settle on any others, so she ended up being a wolf too. I knew I wanted her to have somewhat brownish fur, and I liked this picture of a wolf.
“I noticed the scent of an omega, but Steve hasn’t acted this way before. Plus, wouldn’t Thor be acting strangely?” Bucky asked, Sam, nodding along with him.
“We need to get out of this place. I can’t stay here.” Tony shook his head, coming to a stop. “God I’m gonna be sick.”
“I am a lion shifter; the omega is a wolf. That is why our friend is acting the way he is. His behaviour could mean that he is attracted to this omega.” Thor replied.
“Around four months now.” She shrugged, biting her lip. “They’ve just been running tests on me. They were waiting for another shifter like me.”
“Shit!” Turning around to face the slightly amused blonde he had left stranded in the hallway. “Oops. I got a bit distracted.”
“Well, you might want a bedroom,” Clint smirked, shifting his eyes over to Steve for a second before looking at Tony again. “Steve’s that is.” Steve blushed deeply, he had been caught watching by Clint and was going to wind the alpha up.
“Oops. My foot slipped.” Clint smirked, using the scientist’s words from earlier. “It’s not nice, is it? Plus, I have to stick up for my boy here. He’s the nicest one out of you all.” The archer gestured to Tony and looked around at everyone.
Steve turned around to face Tony, tail wagging as the omega walked over to him. Tony wagged his tail as Steve licked his head and the rest of the pack gathered around him, sniffing him. The brunette kept to Steve’s side, even after everyone eventually retreated from greeting him.
The pack was suited up for their mission within the time Steve had asked. Natasha noticed that Tony’s lab coat was no longer hanging on the coat hook and nudged Clint to let him know too. The pair gave a knowing look to one another whilst Steve wasn’t paying attention, hiding their smirks. Bruce had also noticed as they were leaving the house and the trio made a quiet discussion about what they were going to do next.
“I just like being close to you. I like having you around just so I know you’re okay. That you’re safe and I can protect you.” The blonde pulled Tony closer to his chest, holding him there. “I was scared when I couldn’t find you.”
“And what exactly would you be negotiating?” Tony ignored the beverage and walked over to the table.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea… plus I have to get home to my pack.” The scientist sighed, taking off his safety goggles.
The blonde took another look at Tony as he stopped at a red light, the omega’s big brown eyes staring into the alpha’s own. His jumper was far too big on the omega, giving him sweater paws that made him so adorable it should be illegal.
Tony stumbled through the crowd, pushing his way through to the toilets. He was getting tired of the people now. After relieving himself at the urinal and washing his hands, he left the toilets before going outside to the smoking area.
“His brother is called Thor too.” This caused Fire to laugh, even more, Tony laughing along with her. He was glad he met Fire. She could make him laugh and eased the tension of being in a really bad situation.
The three of them headed towards the door, but before Tony could set outside, Tyler had held him back, letting Bucky go out without them.
The mechanic managed to wiggle away from the blonde and out of the bed. He spotted his clothes and shoes and grabbed them, slipping on his jeans and shoes before looking down at the jumper he was wearing. The scent of the alpha was so strong on it and he just couldn’t take it off, instead, he bunched up his shirt and walked to the door, poking his head out the door and sniffing.
“How are you feeling?” The blonde asked, picking up Tony’s mug of coffee and placing it on the bedside table so it wouldn’t get knocked over being on the bed. “You slept most of the day, I thought I’d bring you some snacks before dinner. We’re going to get Chinese.”
The omega kept one arm around Tyler as he drank more of the rum, the bottle half empty now. It wouldn’t be long until the bottle was empty, and the omega would be shit-faced and wanting more. The song Tony had requested started to play, the omega cheering loudly before dancing. Tyler let out a laugh and danced along with him. The continued to dance through a range of songs, Rhodey soon joining them again. Tony’s bottle soon emptied, causing the omega to break away from Tyler.
Huffing whilst sitting up and sending a glare over at the door where the knocking had subsided, he called back, voice scratchy from sleep.
Steve opened the basket, taking out a few Tupperware containers of food, laying them out in front of the brunette. Tony took out the bottle of champagne, grinning up at Steve before taking out two flute glasses that had been wrapped in napkins to keep them safe.
Bruce spent time playing games on his phone while he waited for Clint to arrive. Tony was still fast asleep, head on the delta’s chest, his arm around his waist and a leg tangled between the other wolf’s. Hearing the door open, Bruce put down his phone to look over as Clint walked into the room and was partly-surprised to see Natasha walk in behind him. They did do almost everything together, so it shouldn’t have surprised him that much that the redhead would come along too. Both assassins looked from Bruce to the sleeping omega and then back to Bruce, completely in sync.
“What are you doing here?” The smaller wolf was close to tears once again, but for a different reason.
“But nothing, Tony. Even if you did sleep with him you can. It doesn’t make you a whore. Kissing him doesn’t make you a whore. Nothing like that makes you a whore.”
Steve recently discovered that Tony would sleep talk if he was working on something big, most likely to do with stress. Steve frowned, as far as he was aware Tony had given in his latest project to Peggy a few days ago, and The Director had been pleased with it. The omega would only have been working on projects for the pack, which wasn’t anything to stress about. Steve kissed Tony’s forehead, smiling down at the omega as he slept, sitting with him for another hour before going for his morning run just before Tony would usually wake up and breakfast started.
“We should get downstairs,” Steve whispered after pulling back only inches from Tony’s lips. “Sam’s making a fry-up for breakfast. I’ll be good.”
Realisation suddenly hit Bruce to why Steve was being so strange. He had been around an omega wolf all day, he must have Tony’s scent all over him, and Steve was just reacting in the way any other unmated alpha would.
Bruce slowly opened his eyes, squinting at the harsh light of the room. He had fallen asleep at Tony’s place. He knew he shouldn’t have but the delta felt guilty to wake up the sleeping wolf, and in all honesty, he was just too comfortable to move. Looking down at the dark brown mop of hair on his chest, the beta let out a huff as he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. It was most likely what had woken him up in the first place. Careful not to wake up Tony, Bruce took out his phone to see Clint’s caller ID on the screen and answered it.
“I get that a lot, it’s unbelievable.” Tony shook his head, picking up some noodles on a fork. “There’s a doctor in SHIELD Medical that looks like the actor who plays him in the modern-day show too.”
“Wow, you really love that shield, don’t you?” Tony laughed. Steve looked over in confusion before walking over to Tony. The omega opened a drawer and taking out a glove that he ‘borrowed’ from Steve earlier in the week. Tony handed the glove over to the blonde, Steve staring at it in confusion.
Steve laughed at that, also taking a strawberry as he shook his head no. Steve grabbed another tub, containing mini sandwiches and opened it up, taking one of the peanut butter ones. Tony tried to keep the glasses for the champagne up, but they kept toppling over. The omega stuck out his tongue a little, concentrating on trying to balance them on the blanket, only for them to topple over once more.
“I just, my previous pack, their business wasn’t seen as ethical to all. At first, I didn’t take notice or care, I had a job to do so I did it. But then I realised what was going on and refused to go along with it anymore, I was lucky I wasn’t kicked out and the alpha at the time respected my wishes. He let me do other projects. Once he died the alpha who replaced him didn’t like it so much.” Tony shrugged, looking away from Steve. “They needed my ideas, my skills to get things done at the rate they used to. I could make things ten times better in half the time compared to ten of them put together.”
Tony opened his eyes again, blinking as they focused on the bed that was above him. The packhouse didn’t have bunk beds. Tony sat up slowly, his back aching from the bed that was hard as bricks.
The guards nodded, the three of them leaving the hallway. No doubt he would be knocked out with a tranquillizer again and taken away. That was always fun.
Tony looked between the pair, slightly scared and confused. They were not helping the dull ache in his head.
“You heard my mate. Get out of our house.” Steve stood up from his spot, going around to Tony’s side.
“Yeah, to help look after us all.” Tony grinned. “J, make sure the bots don’t get into trouble please.” The omega watched as they flew off upstairs.
Tony walked through the dark forest, frightened and alone. He had recently been abandoned from his pack. After his father died a little over two years ago, the rest of the pack had pushed him to the side unless they needed him for their “activities”. He shuddered at the memory, ears nearly flat on his head and tail between his legs. It had been some time since he had been in his wolf form. His pack lived in the city across the country and would mainly use cars to travel around on business. A lot of the time Tony wouldn’t be allowed to accompany them, as he was an omega, a disappointment for the Stark Pack.
“No, you’re not.” Steve gently wiped the blood off from the omega’s cheek. “I need to make sure you’re patched up and that all of you are okay.”
The alpha tilted his head slightly before bending down a little and hooking his hands underneath Tony’s thighs so he could lift him onto the table. Tony’s legs opened as if it was second nature allowing Steve to slot between them to re-join their lips in a heated open-mouthed kiss.
Steve shifted into his wolf form after stripping down and putting his clothes into the chest. The alpha rubbed against Tony’s legs before going over to the others. Whist everyone was distracted, Tony stripped down and put his clothes in the chest and shifted.
“Come on, little omega. Don’t reject it. Come back with me.” He was blonde and had blue eyes, like Steve but he wasn’t anything like him. His scent wasn’t bad, but it wasn’t as welcoming and amazing as Steve’s. This alpha wasn’t as attractive and would be okay for a one-night stand, but the omega wasn’t interested.
It really wasn’t, both of them knew that. It was Obadiah Stane written all over. He manipulated Tony right from the beginning, making the omega think he was weak and undeserving of his father’s attention. That his omega status brought shame to Howard Stark and the Stark pack.
The hours soon passed by after having more drinks, and to Clint’s delight, dessert too. The four split the bill and decided to go straight into the club area which had opened around thirty minutes prior. The doors were guarded now and watched over by staff to stop people too young from going in until the restaurant closed in an hour. Clint and Tony headed straight to the bar while the other two went to find a place to seat. Clint ordered the first round of drinks and Tony helped the delta carry them back to Bruce and Natasha, who had found a table just off from the dance floor.
“I’ll be ready in five minutes and we’ll have to go.” Steve sighed against the omega’s neck. “I wish this night could have lasted longer though.”
Thank you to everyone reading this book, I love seeing the hits, bookmarks, kudos and comments increase each day. I love the comments I receive too. Thank you, everyone.
“I’ll have the spaghetti bolognese and a water please.” The blonde smiled up at her. She nodded as she wrote it down.
The two chatted as if no time had passed between them, and it was nice for Tony. He was getting some normality back. It didn’t take long for them to reach the house again. Steve was at the door waiting. The alpha’s face dropped upon seeing the two wolves together. Tony spotted Bucky lying on the grass beside Sam, smirking at the alpha.
Being around Tony had made the delta a lot smoother and sassier. At least he didn’t direct it at Steve that much, instead of using it to stick up for the alpha against the three amigos; Bucky, Sam and Clint.
“I’m sorry about before, again. And earlier too actually. I didn’t know you were courting or else I wouldn’t have asked you out.” Tyler gave a nervous smile.
"Neither of you can shift properly?" Tony's eyebrows furrowed. "But every other time the humans were always able to shift without a problem. Well, at least straight away. Is it just because of the pain or you just can't seem to hold it?"
Tony laughed at that, watching as Natasha and Bruce went to help Clint with their takeaway order. The three of them brought in the food, the smell filling the room making Tony’s stomach growl. The omega sat up, shuffling away from the alpha so he could get his food.
The group had finally found the restaurant that Clint was on about after getting lost and wandering around the city for forty-five minutes. The delta couldn’t remember the name but thought he could remember what street it was on. He was so wrong. But they had eventually found it on the outskirts of the city just before the forest.
I'm so sorry for being super lazy and not updating, but I'm back. Not long until the end of this book now. Any ideas for what I have installed?
The pack were all set up and all in the car, well minivan, ready to leave for SHIELD by the time Steve was ready. Bruce had shown the omega to his seat so he could ride back with them. Steve would normally drive but Clint decided to do it so Steve and Tony could be together with Natasha and Thor in the front with him. Bruce took the window seat in the middle row, Tony sitting beside him with the seat next to him left free for Steve. Loki, Sam and Bucky took the back seats.
Bruce arrived back at the packhouse a lot later than planned. Time passed by so quickly with Tony around. After lunch, the pair had made their way up to Agent Coulson’s office to confirm the omega’s stay, on which he asked to work closely with Bruce, which shocked the delta. For years, ever since his accident Bruce had shifters of all types avoiding him as much as possible. They could sense there was something different, something wrong and unnatural with him. It was a shock when he was asked to form the Avengers pack. But Steve had insisted he joined the pack after working with him. Agent Coulson had told the alpha about the scientist, yet he didn’t treat him any differently and took him in as a delta in his pack.
Tony was muttering something about curses from the elevator to his room. Luckily, Agent Coulson had updated the delta’s card, so it had access to Tony’s room in case of emergencies. And this was one of them. Keeping an arm around the omega so he didn’t wander off to disturb the other residents, he scanned his card on the door handle, pushing Tony carefully into the room when it unlocked.
Reasoning: Loki had to be a beta, I wanted him to have a higher ranking than the others, and be Thor’s “second”, even though Thor isn’t the alpha leader of the pack. I chose a snow leopard for Loki because I wanted a feline, along with Thor so they could be similar, but he could have the snow/ice reference to the frost giants. His birth family were snow leopard shifters, just like him. I also wanted his fur to be much darker than a normal snow leopard, and I was thankful I managed to find one close to what I was going for. Originally, I thought about having a black snow leopard, but I went off it in the end, especially once I couldn’t find a picture to go with it and thought it would be too much like a black panther.
It took everything in the blonde to not crash the car as he launched himself at his two packmates who were making his life hell right now.
“Perfectly fine,” Tony replied, snapping out of his trance, the blue eyes leaving his mind again as he walked over to the bench.
Tony and Pepper went for lunch at a nearby sushi bar. Pepper had overhead a few agents talking about the place and had suggested it to her fellow omega. Although Tony’s favourite wasn’t fish, he didn’t mind it and thought it would be nice to try it with his friend.
“I’ve been tempted to try bubble-gum for ages… Let’s go for it.” Tony gave a small smile as Steve nodded in response.
“Things are a bit on edge. I think Clint’s got some cabin fever, he’s becoming more irritating. He’s also raiding whatever food you guys have left right now. Clint’s behaviour isn’t helping the Steve situation, he’s getting moodier by the second. Also, Sam wants to get some sleep after being out last night. I’m going to go to the shop, get some more food. Do you want anything?”
“Alright, Tony, just calm down.” Sam stepped forward, a hand on the omega’s shoulder. “We’ll make sure they’re safe.” Tony nodded, turning away from the deltas and walking down the hallway again. Sam turned to Clint and shrugged. “Maybe pregnancy has made him cranky.”
“I’ll get you your own helmet,” Steve spoke after they had parked up, the alpha helping Tony out of his. “Instead of using the spare. It would be one that fits and suits you too.”
“Well, I’ve been working on this for a while and I don’t want you to be offended by it, because I don’t mean it in a bad way.” Tony cursed at himself, knowing he was going to ramble. “I just really wanted to help, and I’ve been upgrading everyone else’s equipment and outfits, some of which are more personal than just general weapons. I wanted to do something for you, as soon as I saw it, I just had to, I guess it’s just the engineer in me. I was ju-” Tony stopped upon seeing Bucky’s look, eyebrows raised. “Here.” The omega opened the bag, taking out the arm.
“You’ve noticed Steve being all weird too, right?” The redhead asked, sitting beside her best friend on the bed.
“Hey, Tones, listen to me. I know I’m a doctor, but I’m not that kind of doctor.” Bruce joked lightly, running a hand through the older male’s hair.
“Thank fuck. I hate the snow.” Bucky muttered. “Don’t even say anything, kitty.” He glared over at the smirking Loki. Loki, being a snow leopard, was at home here in the snowy peaks. Bucky had never liked the snow, even growing up. Steve would have to drag him out on snow days so they could play in the snow, which always resulted in the alpha getting sick, but it was worth it.
Steve sighed, leaving the building, looking at his other teammates. Sam, Wanda, Loki and Thor were putting out fires. Natasha and Bruce, bless their souls, were checking every person on the ground and covering them up in preparation for SHIELD to get here. Bucky, Clint and Pietro were searching for people.
“It’s what people call me.” Fire grinned. “I hate my name and I’ve been called Fire since I was a toddler. Stubborn, destructive and I have red hair.” She grinned.
“Are you okay, Tony?” Bruce sighed, taking off his goggles and looking over at the mechanic who was had stopped in the middle of the room, wench in his hand.
Steve smiled gratefully at Natasha. She could be just as much as a teasing pain as his three packmates in the hall, but she knew when to give it a rest.
“I’ll get it for you.” Steve smiled as he got up from the bed to get the omega’s band shirt that was carelessly thrown on the sofa.
Tony nodded, flicking the ends of the cigarette before taking a final drag. “Sometimes people make me nervous. Guess it’s an omega thing.” The omega put out the cigarette before putting it into the bins designed for them. “Let’s dance again, yeah?”
"I want to make sure all of us are looked after. I'm pregnant, I can't keep sleeping on these shitty beds. Wanda and Piero are going to be getting used to being a completely new species. None of us needs any more stress." Tony paused. "And get rid of Obadiah Stane. He'll only double-cross you."
The omega went straight for the bed, collapsing immediately on it on his front, lying face in the duvet for a moment before rolling onto his back, head leaning up to look at the scientist before bursting out laughing again. He was trying to kick off his shoes, grumbling about how they were being the bane of his life. He gave up, taking off his glasses, throwing them carelessly onto the bed and slipping off his watch.
He didn’t want to hunt the rabbit either, he wasn’t hungry, but a chase to get his blood pumping would be nice. The wolf winced as he stepped on a twig, hearing it snap underneath him which caused the rabbit to look up, directly over to the source of the noise before bolting. Tony chased after it, just for the fun, keeping it in his sight as it zipped through the trees, trying to lose the wolf that was chasing it. It was all going well until the rabbit made a very sharp left turn, confusing the omega before he could see what he was running into. He jumped too late, his hind legs catching on a log, causing him to lose balance and tumble down a steep hill that followed directly behind it before stopping by crashing into something.
Tony winced, hand coming to rub at the back of his neck, the pain as if he had just been stung. His hand touched something fluffy, much bigger than a bee or wasp. Tony furrowed his eyebrows as he tried to grab it, but it seemed like he couldn’t. The omega became lightheaded, swaying a little in his seat. He was unable to stand, body beginning to fall on its side as his vision started to deteriorate until everything went to black.
Tony tilted his head up, his hands going on either side of the blonde’s face before pulling the alpha down into a kiss. Steve’s hands made their way to Tony’s ass, squeezing it as he pushed the omega backwards until he was against the island table.
Of course, that didn’t stop the alpha from telling the story of how Tony got into a stranger’s car and frightened the hell out of them. The car had been exactly the same as Rhodey’s, the only difference was the driver who as a middle-aged white woman who screamed when Tony had gotten into her car saying, ‘I’m about to kill someone’. Yeah, he was lucky she didn’t call the cops. The stories continued as they ate, from the time a bench took out his front teeth when he was five to getting stuck in a child-swing in his mid-twenties and the fire brigade had to reuse him, along with a variety of drunken moments from when he was in MIT, so the omega just went along with it because there was no way he was getting out of it
Tony opened his eyes, scanning around the darkroom. His wolf eyesight made it easier to pick things out as he sat up. The omega felt the bed shift, making him turn to look at Steve as he rolled onto his back. Tony grabbed his phone which had been placed on the nightstand, checking the time which read 3:18 am. Tony stretched his arms above his head before looking over at his boxes and bag that had been placed over by a chest of draws.
“You’re twenty minutes out from the edge of the city, Sir. It’s a thirty-minute drive back to SHIELD HQ.” The AI responded.
“Okay, I brought his lab coat home. He’s been wearing it all day. This better not backfire.” Bruce said, nervously looking at the white piece of clothing.
The two wolves left the lab and made their way down to the ground floor using the stairs as Tony claimed the lifts were taking too long and he needed coffee now. The two made their way into the 24-hour cafeteria that Bruce was in not too long ago and beelined to the small queue that had to begin to form. After getting some food and a coffee each, Bruce paying as Tony forgot about his wallet in his room and the omega insisted on paying Bruce back as soon as possible.
