But Steve was already halfway across the building.
“Oh, Sweetums, Cherry Pie, I knew you loved me the most, I’m gonna swoon and rest my head on your big beefy chest, I just know it,” cries Tony in a sarcastic nasal falsetto before the light is even gone.
“I thought
“Relentlessly,” says FRIDAY drolly. “You have my deepest sympathies.”
“Is your documentary even going anywhere? Any story worth its salt has something plotty and life-changing happening by now,” Hawkeye says, definitely not breaking any sort of numbered wall. “We’re not that boring.”
“Thanks for the lend,” called Bucky, already walking off with Sam.
,” says Thor, sheepish. “That is when I knew. Usually that is a precursor to complete disaster. This was mere petty revenge against Stark for the events of four of your Midgard years ago, I daresay. Mother and Father are of the opinion that Loki was,” Thor clears his throat, “talking complete shite, and that the universe bears no grudges against anyone.”
Steve looks at Crow-ny.
“Uh, whoops, whaddaya know, guess I’m wrong,” Lang says immediately to Tony, who narrows his eyes at him. “I wasn’t even in New York back then. Which — everyone makes mistakes. But no, if we’re gonna believe what that guy’s telling us, that means we’re an Offshoot Timeline. Which sucks because we only exist because someone from the Prime Timeline fucked up.”
“You’re one to talk, Mr Stark.”
“Which one?” asked Vision.
deserve to get turned into a crow? Trusting a trickster god who once tried to murder him and, oh,
“It’s only my first time, Hawkeye,” you say. “Be gentle and help me ease into it; I mean my storytelling, of course.”
“Just a little late; Loki vanished before War Machine could come into missile shooting range.”
“Odin praise your naïve optimism!” Thor beamed, setting down a plate of the biggest pizza Steve had ever seen in front of him. “Would you like me to bid Loki turn him into a crow again?”
“Look, I know you’ll tell him anyway because this doc is for him,” Barnes says in the quietest voice after a minute of contemplation. “So you just gotta make sure I’m not around when he sees this. Tony, he… we’ve got a complicated history.” He takes a deep breath. “I — I did bad things to him when I was the Winter Soldier, and I’m the reason he ain’t got parents. Which, you know, he knows. So he didn’t have to save my life, but he did, after that whole Project Insight thing last year. He found me and helped me shake off the conditioning and now he’s given me a home, and a family that’s more than just Stevie… and I owe him one. I owe him many. But you’d
“— I won’t —”
“I’m not talking to you,” says Tony instantly, turning away from you the minute he spots DUM-E peeking around the corner. “Go away. You made me watch Mada-fucking-gascar Two, and I’m not talking to you. You’re grounded, bastard child. Go to your room and think about what you’ve done. DUM-E, you’re good, you can stay, I know he bullies you when I’m not looking.”
“Fine,” Tony snaps after a while. “Fine. Do your worst.”
“What makes you say that?”
Strange inhales once. Twice. “The fact that Loki returned to Earth in 2016 instead of earlier or later means that the result of the butterfly flap, the
“We know, the failed tyrant over there knows, the world knows —” Bucky snarks, and is met with a singular middle finger.
The Captain seems lost for words, shy, until his phone rings. The ringtone is unbearably loud. It’s a call from Tony. The song blares across the hall:
“Thor Kong?”
“Excuse me?”
, if you will —”
run out of ice jokes.” Tony folds his arms indignantly, pressing the phone to his ear with his shoulder. “Anyway, get here quick if you can, I’m being tortured by Dumbledore and I don’t think I’ll make it past midnight.” He hangs up.
“My brother said
Steve pretended to think about it. Sam turned an incredulous gaze on him. “You’re not actually —”
Recording. Everything is black.
“All right, Viz, don’t have much time, but shoot.”
“Yeah, but Steve’ll get home and turn those wide guilt-tripping eyes on him if he doesn’t step in. Bucky’s not like you, me, and Tony, he can’t withstand Steve’s moral rectitude. I give him five minutes.”
“— how does your pointy hat even fit on that gigantic hot-air balloon you call a head —”
“Point Break and Blizz are mortal enemies,” Tony comments, texting someone on a phone he pulled out of thin air (a fanny pack hanging off You. You, the robot, not you.). “Not that PB would ever cop to it, godly ego and all. Everyone thinks I lit the fuse for that particular explosion, which, fuck ’em and their mom, I don’t cause
“The tinier amongst you lot.”
Loki pretended to look right through Bruce, who was suddenly very focused on not burning his next batch, and Vision, who had just as suddenly turned translucent (except for the hand holding the camera). “Well?” he said after some time passed. “What is it that I was brought here for? Bear in mind before you utter a single word that Mother has forbade me to touch even a hair on the head of that tiresome, vexatious arsehole.”
see some rainfall, and I was the only person in New York who missed it. Thanks for pointing it out, you’re my best friend forever. However, as all New Yorkers and even the entire world may be aware, it wasn’t due to any natural phenomenon — so it’s still bound to be a perfectly fine day for us mortals, unless Scandinavia’s answer to He-Man wants to confute my meteorologist credentials again, in which case: you’re not the god of
“Hey, Viz. How is your documentary going?”
But then he joins in and smugly wins five matches in a row with Tony catcalling him as background music.
“He doesn’t mean you, DUM-E,” you reassure your friend. DUM-E beeps plaintively, lowering the camera. “No, he didn’t mean Butterfingers or U either. Not
“Have you wanted him to?” you ask, hoping to get a question about Tony’s not-so-latent squishy feelings for the Captain (and vice-versa, apparently) in edgeways whilst Tony’s too distracted to lie.
“Tell her yourself,” Steve said, and affected a British accent. “‘If he can save the world five times before breakfast in that aluminium can of his, he can take a trip to London to visit his ailing aunt, the naughty boy.’”
“I knew I liked him!” Ms Potts beams. “Have you spoken to Rhodey yet? He says he reached the facility right when it happened.”
“Come here, you,” says Steve fondly, all insecurity forgotten, and kisses Tony’s beak.
“Well, Tony’s not going to like hearing
Steve came home past midnight to find Tony waiting up for him. FRIDAY must have alerted him; he’d been extremely careful to land the quinjet noiselessly outside in the Nick Fury Memorial Gardens (named by Take a Wild Guess after a man who was neither dead nor appreciative of the commemoration).
“— only my Filofax —”
“Your Civil War,” sneers Loki, “happened today in the Prime Timeline. Obviously, Captain, as you have chosen forthrightness this time around, you have saved your friends from abject misery: both the Winter Soldier and the Man of Iron.”
strike Avengers Tower just now and we
“Was I interrupting anything?”
“You ain’t a very good fortune teller, Strange,” says Bucky Barnes, coming to stand next to you. “Don’t go quittin’ your day job just yet — oh, wait. Goddamn, this
Stephen Strange indicates the camera. “Indulging in this when catastrophe is imminent upon us.”
“My deepest condolences, Steven. He does not deserve a man such as yourself if he forsook you so.”
conflict in the Northern Hemisphere. Just the really notorious ones. It’s not always about me, you know. Well, maybe it’s always about me. Ninety-nine point nine-nine percent of the time it’s about me —”
A workshop appears, full of what looks like ultramodern detritus and the latest in Stark Industries technology. “You
you lie with to beget
“He took the Mark Fifty to see Director Carter,” FRIDAY told him when even the workshop turned out to be empty. “On a literal guilt trip.”
it, stupidly in love as he was. Tony Stark was dashing and silly and wonderful, and he did things like rushing off to meet Steve’s ex the minute she mentioned wanting to see him, funding the entirety of the Avengers Initiative (Steve wouldn’t forget the term
“Using your genius for pure good,” you remark.
Tony walks over to Captain Rogers, takes his hand by the wrist, and sets the reactor down on his palm. Captain Rogers inhales sharply. The allegory is perhaps too obvious to be missed by all.
,” Tony says, right beside you, smirking.
“Perfectly well, Wanda, thank you for asking.”
“You kind of
“The blooming relationship of Anthony Stark and Steven Rogers.”
“My mother,” Loki spits, the words spilling from him so unenthusiastically that external magic must be in play here. “
“The blooming relationship of Anthony Stark and Steven Rogers.”
Natasha throws a crumpled-up Post-It at Tony. “You take that back right now, I’m always right.”
one,” Vision told Bruce, who snorted. “FRIDAY, you’d better not let him delete this from the records.”
Blizzard grins from his inset on the screen next to the anchor. “Thanks, Charlie. I’m at the top of the Empire State Building, as you can see, up here with my cameraman, Rich, to show you the gorgeous skies we have in store for the day — all sun and no clouds; clear blue all around, with temperatures rising to the mid-nineties around two this afternoon. Tourists may enjoy a picnic at Central, but a gander at the former home base for New York’s own superhero league, Avengers Tower, is also on the menu thanks to the perfect weather.”
“Oh, good,” said Steve, settling himself at the table next to Sam, who scrolled down a page in his holographic newspaper. Iron Man had been spotted in London (cracking a joke with the media about not getting any tea and sympathy). Bruce flipped a pancake on the stove; Vision had a handheld videocamera trained on the process. Steve went on: “Tony jilted me and I’m heartbroken as all hell. Save me some of the pie.”
It’s good wine (Tony drilled the knowledge into you so he himself could ignore it). Ms Potts has given DUM-E a tiny (empty) paper cup to hold so he can toast along with you, and as he rotates his claw with gusto, you are reminded of Captain Rogers and his gentle treatment of Tony’s children.
“One would disagree that there is a dearth of information about them both available to the citizenry.”
build a nest for everyone —” Pepper looks like she’s about to cry. “That stupid man!”
“Iron Man,” Lang mutters, but his heart isn’t in it.
“You called, dear brother?” asked Loki, materialising out of thin air, dressed in all black like one of the ‘goths’ Tony loved to relentlessly mock. “It is not as though I could defy your summons, of course; I do live to entertain you and obey your every whim, be it to bottle fame, brew glory, or even put a stopper in death…”
“It’s a very good choice when you’re around.”
“Fuck off,” Tony mutters very, very quietly, but Strange hears it anyway, and drops him and his chair through a portal.
“And now, for the weather, we turn to Dewey Blizzard. Good morning, Dewey. Anything to look forward to?”
“I’ll be honest,” Tony says once he’s warmed up to you again (three handmade apology cards, delivered by Steve, did the trick). “I did not enjoy my time as a crow. Rhodey made me watch a terrible movie and Pepper didn’t even come visit.”
“But…” says Sam.
“You got it, Tony,” comes a female voice from hidden speakers.
“This better work, Rock of Ages,” Tony yells over all the noise.
“I believe we shall be able to face what happens to us with courage and confidence, as we are united and loyal and nothing thus far has been able to break us.”
Steve Rogers is leaning against the jamb of the entrance door, watching.
“Cunt Barton,” she says, expressionless. “You always had hideous handwriting.”
, Thor, he only went off without kissing me goodbye, ’s all. He’s gonna come back.”
Recording. Still black.
“Verily.” Thor focuses on the rotating rolls. “Incidentally, what are you and Stark’s helper doing?”
“We know you mean Steve.” Wanda beams at him innocently. Tony rolls his eyes.
want to do this?”
“Yes, we’re in love. She plans to ask Father for my hand in marriage.”
“Crow.”
, because you have always wanted to watch it with a group of friends and Tony can’t tell FRIDAY to turn it off anymore, despite the very angry flapping in front of your face.
“Hello, Mum.”
his pop,” Bucky says, making the universal hand gesture for
Thor gets Loki to simmer down and allow himself to be muzzled by the Stark-patented Celestial-Teletubby Shutter-Upper™, threatening him with the Hulk Timeout Corner two floors away. They might have decamped to a conference room, but the set-up resembles a classroom with Loki at the head of the table and the Avengers all in front of him, assembled as a group.
“He said you’re what gave Stark the heart attack that let him escape back in 2012.”
“The blooming relationship of Anthony Stark and Steven Rogers.”
The crow nips the Colonel’s ear in response. The Colonel feeds him a sunflower seed from his pocket.
“Pain in the ass,” says Barnes automatically.
, croons Britney. Captain Rogers taps at the green button. “One day, Tony, one day you’re gonna run out of ice jokes and then where’ll you be?”
“A mad Titan invades Earth and turns half the universe to dust. Bruce Banner, at great cost to his health and safety, brings it back.”
“Hey, Tony and the rest are playing Super-Ultimate in the NF gardens, you wanna watch?” Steve pops into your pre-editing room, where you, Natasha, and DUM-E are arguing over the sequence of the shots.
“Would you like to distract yourself by participating in my documentary?”
mother, dear brother, you utter twit. She has deigned to oust me from our ancestral home and — and make me
Loki is at the head of the conference room table once more, unbound, free to speak.
“You kicked Mr Barnes into the NF garden fountain the other day for stealing your pancakes.”
, have I let you out of timeout yet?”
Loki sneers again at you. “Fellow adoptee?”
Loki shifts to Tony. “Ah. What
Steve is all smiles. You choose not to tell him that that particular theme-train went off the tracks long ago.
“A while now,” Sam answers, brave and honest. No wonder Steve Rogers admires him so much. “It’s all right. It’ll happen when it happens.”
“I wasn’t
The crow caws at you. Colonel Rhodes pushes him off his shoulder in relief, and he takes flight indignantly to come to rest on your head.
“The results were skewed by dint of my being a deathbed nihilist at the time, no matter how accurate your reads are,” says Tony, as if he’s had to repeat it a million times before. Then he looks down at the Post-It. “Oh, wow, Barton, so sorry I’ve been calling you
“— just kidding, darling, but in case something happens tell Rhodey I’m mad he couldn’t get here in time from his super-secret military Antarctic mission, and Pepper that she can have the Guernica I stole from her house when I was drunk that one time.”
the Prime Timeline.”
“He rather looks to be enjoying it, actually.” Barnes is indeed tossing Clint more arrows to poke Tony with.
There’s quiet movement in the background. You wait.
“Favourite child.”
“Is that the Empire Pizza B—”
Tony’s face falls. “Still don’t wanna tell me, huh.”
“Not that I’m not enjoying the show,” came a voice about three hours into the kiss, “but I need refuge from Bruce and Loki’s expanding pizza-box Lego. I think I’m in hell. Please stop making out for one goddamn second.”
It hurts not to speak (how very human of you) but you wait, eyes fixed on Strange and Strange alone.
“I’m waiting for the day you quit that schtick,” Tony says to you, but with fond eyes trained on DUM-E, whose own lens is right above the one you’re using for the documentary. This is one of the things Tony Stark hides from the public: aside from his mother and his butler and the Avengers, some of the truest objects of his love were wrought into existence, brought and dragged to life, by him. Perhaps the Avengers, too. Perhaps Steven Grant Rogers most of all.
“Fine, I’ll go first,” Clint says after Natasha casually crushes his foot. “Who thinks he’s fucking with us?”
Sam shudders. “Please don’t make me think about them.”
Steve peers at you and then sighs. “The last time I was envious, it was the forties and Peggy was shooting at me. I gotta say I didn’t miss the feeling.”
“Considering my humble venture concerns him, Hawkeye…”
— a great big explosion of light envelops Tony, and when the white spots fade from everyone’s eyes the tank top and shorts lie in a heap on the ground.
“Never really seen it happen,” he confesses.
Crow-ny stares back. Very, very carefully, Crow-ny deposits his treasure in Steve’s lap. Steve beams.
fault you Midgardians are all insipid bastardisers — ah, but I digress! The day being what it is, I am, as they say:
“Nah, I’ve just got an Ultimate Frisbee session with Wilson, Lang, and Romanoff in about twenty minutes in the NF gardens. Feel free to join.”
“Perhaps the loss would have been easier to bear if I didn’t,” you remark.
,” Tony cries.
Tony knocks Loki’s unwieldy gold helmet off, leaving him spluttering.
. Captain Rogers is visibly fighting down the urge to run to Tony.
“— to remain avian for a while. Will I expect you on facility grounds sometime soon to visit?”
“You’re less annoying as a person, and I never thought I’d say that,” says the Colonel to the crow, which squawks back at him, no doubt saying something witty and derisive and hopelessly adoring in Crowspeak. From Rhodes’s grin, he knows it too. “Now shoo. I’ll be a minute, Viz, thanks.”
coming, you think.
“He didn’t mean the words separately,” Tony says to James ‘Bucky’ Barnes. He gives you a glare, and then settles amongst the piles of rubbish and/or StarkTech. DUM-E droops a little at the disapproval (Bucky blurs out of focus).
“Thank you, Cap—Steve. Apologies.”
“I know it’s grunt work, Tony, I know,” you and DUM-E hear him say to the crow as you approach. “But I left the mission halfway for you and we aren’t all billionaires with Pepper Pottses to do all the hard stuff for us. Or crows with nothing to do except bite people.”
Frozen (ahem), he gazes in horror at his handheld. “I can only be glad Peggy didn’t hear a word of this,” he sighs.
“Verily, verily I say unto thee,” Thor starts, acting confused, before he sneaks a look at everyone behind him and realises very transparently that none of them is Dewey Blizzard; ergo, he won’t get away with his ‘Shakespeare BS’ (Tony Stark, 2012) this time. “Honestly, brother, what on earth possessed you to come find my revenge-seeking shieldmates of your own volition?”
“You’re recycling what he already told us. Why are you here again? We were handling it just fine.”
“Have you ever played Super-Ultimate?” asks Natasha shrewdly. Steve shakes his head.
CLINT BARTON.
takes the place of honour right over his crotch. “In memory of Jimothy Rhodey-arty who abandoned me this month to go fighting villains in Antarctica. Uh, I’m not supposed to know that last bit. Let’s just cut that out in post.”
The Avengers kitchen is extremely well-stocked, as is evident from a slow camera sweep, full of both exotic and local produce and just about anything one could hope to procure food-wise in New York City. The item in the oven seems to be about fifty Totino’s Pizza Rolls.
Preternatural lightning strikes the tower that very instant. You and everyone, of course, are upstate in the new facility, so you don’t feel a thing. But the ensuing clap of thunder is unmissable both on TV and in real time (the latter a faint rumble not unlike what arises from James Barnes’s stomach in the mornings) and, as a much louder echo, on the TV. Dewey Blizzard turns around to look, just as an anomalous spell of rain catches him.
“Don’t tempt me,” Loki drawls, smirking.
boutta swallow a repulsor blast to the face.”
“To say nothing of the megalomaniac robot,” mutters Tony, dialling your mother Bruce Banner and leaving foulmouthed insults on his voicemail — for of course, the culprit behind the meme was he.
“Which one?”
“We try not to make a point of it,” says Sam, but his eyes are trained on Tony, who still won’t meet anyone’s gaze.
Steve resisted the urge to roll his eyes at Tony — and then relented, because he knew Tony would laugh at his newfangled modern reactions. And laugh Tony did, letting himself be caught in Steve’s arms and kissed on the tip of his nose. “It wasn’t a booty call, and you know it,” Steve said, cherishing the way Tony yawned into his neck. “It was fine. She was perfectly lucid. Beat me at chess three times outta five.”
“As much as I love how you’re leaning into the whole shtick, we’re mocking Bruce right now, not me, so shut it.”
“Gratitude,” Thor said without batting an eyelid. “I accept your oath of thraldom with pleasure.”
,” Stephen Strange says irritably through the swirling orange-rimmed portal. “Loki was both the butterfly and the hurricane.”
Tony gags in the background but plays straight man without further complaint. “I’m not your father,” he says, pointing a screwdriver at you. “I’m not,” he repeats to the camera.
“I was
Barnes whips out his phone and snaps a picture as fast as the late, great Pietro Maximoff, wiping the smile off Tony’s face.
“So,” Bruce tells you, ignoring them both. “What did I miss?”
Tony looks like he wishes he had an ear trumpet aimed at Natasha right about now. “So where the heck are they, anyway?”
“Very well, Steven, I see your need. LOKI!” Thor roared, and slammed a fist on the counter. Everyone jumped. Bruce’s spatula clattered to the floor.
Steve coughed (it was Bruce but he’d promised not to tell). Tony pecked him and settled in.
“Hush your mouth,” Tony muttered. FRIDAY tsk-tsk-ed and went quiet. Steve hid a grin in Tony’s hair.
— who was also gone.
considered a genius on Midgard, Stark? I suppose even a dim bulb must shine bright in intellectual darkness.”
“Indeed. Tony — ah, Crow-ny — tries to cheer him up but there’s only so much Colonel Rhodes can do with bits of wire from Tony’s spare workshop projects.”
You float over to the television room with DUM-E and Crow-ny in tow. Wanda has already set up the film. Colonel Rhodes joins you soon as promised, and together you all sit and watch
“I didn’t realise at first how much you’d sound like him. Both of them. The Jarvises.”
“Yeah.”
“How’s Steve holding up?” she asks, as if she read your mind the way Wanda can sometimes.
“Hello,” you say to them. “I was wondering if I could perchance have you and Crow-ny come to the television room.”
“I am attempting to understand their romantic relationship.”
“Mother,” Loki forces out, bound and immobile in the kitchen surrounded by every Avenger on hand. “What is this device the nose-breaking creature has trained on me? Does it pretend to be a god-killer, vermin?” He sneers at you, obviously not your friend.
“It’s called Truth or Dare.”
“As if you don’t bleed feels for Steve, Dad, c’mon, he’s only been gone two days and
“But Fate shall not be thwarted,” Loki whispers, in his element now, eyes gleaming with glee. “The universe will always carve its pound of flesh from Anthony Edward Stark.”
“— just like him! Put a sock in it for a second, Gandalf, I was talking,” snaps Tony. Strange shoots him an unimpressed glare and doesn’t.
Mötley Crüe reluctantly starts up mid-chorus in the workshop and Tony makes a production of turning away with insolence.
“I swear you have the weirdest obsessions, Vision.”
“You’re spending too much time around Stark if you’re sayin’ shit like that.”
“You see right through me.”
“Just like you’re
“Lies and slander,” says Tony promptly. “Spill all them beans, buddy, we know you love me.” He elongates the word
“I’m officially her biggest fan,” Natasha murmurs. She is sitting as far away as possible from Loki, next to Barnes, Wanda, and Sam Wilson, who only know him by reputation. “Shame Bruce isn’t here to see this. Or Steve,” she adds in an aside to them, who nod.
“Pig out on the ’za with me, brother,” said Thor, and slid a constipated-looking Loki a slice. Gingerly, Loki bit into it, stared at by four people who wanted to punch him and one who already had.
“Aw, you’re his favourite,” says Natasha, sidling up to you all and stroking Crow-ny’s head with a finger. “Was it worth losing your dignity in front of Loki, Crow-ny?” She whips her hand away before Tony can take a chunk out of it.
“In order to subvert Death once more, Stark must suffer as his alternate self has,” Loki continues, talking over him. “His anguish must be pulled forth to satisfy his destiny.”
“So’s he,” snaps Tony. “And I’m not jealous. I don’t get jealous over him. Not that I pine for him when he’s not here. And I only wanted Bruce’s plans, I want payback for that meme. Steve? I don’t care about Steve. Steve can go —”
what makes him stop and focus on you (DUM-E helpfully tilts the camera up, right into his blushing face). “Thanks, buddy,” he says, fixing you with a smile. “Transparent, aren’t I?”
There is a bang like a bomb going off, and the same white light from before fills your sight.
, but I surmise you have no interest in my pursuits whatsoever. Mr Stark, however, is in a meeting with Dr Stephen Strange concerning Loki’s fantastical claims about time travel. On his request, I have come to meet you at the door, so to speak, and accompany you to your destination.”
, drags it out until it’s its own sentence.
“Sounds swell. What’s it about?”
“After Shakespeare snitched to Mom and Pops!” Tony sighed. “Also someone tweeted a video of him shit-talking me.”
Ms Potts shoots a wry look at you. “Are you saying he
“It’s from my time in the circus,” Clint protests. “Didn’t have time to practise my penmanship and shit, you know? Why don’t you make a movie about
“DUM-E is more than sufficient as my cameraperson at the moment, and FRIDAY provides excellent audio-recording support, so I believe I am all right for now, Ms Romanoff. However, I believe I shall require your skills in the editing stage of the production.”
“My house has been overrun by troublemakers, Viz,
“At least he apologised.”
“Maybe later, if I’m in the mood to work up a sweat. From all the acrobatics.”
Thor was poking at the microwave in the kitchen when Steve went in close to noon (he’d gone to bed again and had his desired lie-in but pined for Tony and resolved not to call him). “Hail, shield-mate,” he proclaimed. “Today is Laugardagr — ‘Saturday’ in your heathen tongue, though of course I should not like you to take any offence, as it is not
DUM-E trills happily, as if to soundly agree.
“That’s Aunt Peg for ya.”
“Give it a rest, Jealous McEnvy, he’s
“I’m forty,” said Tony faintly, mouthing
“I sympathise. Best wishes to you on your fruitless endeavour.” The oven light goes off with another beep, and Thor does a little wiggle of joy. DUM-E, the ‘goodest’ boy (Natasha Romanoff, 2015), gets the whole thing.
“Damn right, boss.”
“Aw, Tony, we intrudin’ on your little tea party with your tech?”
“It’s a camera so we capture all your bad angles.” Tony pulls up a chair in front of Loki and sits on it in the only way he knows how. He rests his gauntleted forearms on the top of the backrest, palms aimed right at Loki. “He’s making a documentary about the Avengers, which makes your arrival very convenient, OG Baddie, so you can talk at length about the many ways we kicked your ass in 2k12.”
“Which one?”
sort of way, and relished the loud snort he got in response — “pretend I did it very effectively.”
.” Ms Potts hesitates, then from one of her desk drawers pulls out a bottle of rosé. “Come on. Let’s drink to Crow-ny’s safe recovery.”
Tony, having already wandered off mentally, begins an attempt to hack into Twitter to root out the identity of the Avenger responsible for the most-retweeted image of the month. “Since before you were a twinkle in my AI’s metaphorical eye, buddy. You get used to it. Like red, white, and blue noise after a while.”
“That was a mistake we made collectively,” you say, looking away shiftily. She snorts. “Regardless, what is done is done; Thor is still in Asgard conferring with his mother, so we can expect Tony —”
“You’re not entirely a moron, are you,” he says to Strange, whose expression changes not a whit. “I suppose I owe you for my freedom.” To the room at large: “I assume you have all dispensed with your customary practice of dashing around like headless chicks by now, and are ready to finally
“How’d the booty call go?”
um — can,” Steve said, rubbing at his eyes. Such was life with his best fella: fooling around like randy teens one moment, loving and bickering almost like old Jim Morita and his wife the next, waking up to find the genius gone without telling you the rest of the time.
Romanoff’s report on me was off by a mile, right? I’m not actually a textbook narcissist.”
“So it’s a big mess?”
“Really. Any of us, all of us could be in mortal danger right now because of the unpredictability and instability of this branch and instead of actually doing something about it you’re electing to be a piece of shit?”
“Docu
“WHAT?” Captain Rogers bellows from behind Strange. It is worth the expression of betrayal you get from the latter.
There is a crow on Colonel Rhodes’s shoulder, elegant feathers gleaming. The Colonel is filling out paperwork.
“Does that make me Vision’s step-dad through Tony?” Steve asks, reading a book on the adjoining sofa.
“But the Titan tries once more to destroy the universe; all of it this time, madder than ever. And fails — because Stark sacrifices himself, dying to stop him permanently.”
“Excuse me, I will
“Keep it up and I might start thinking you don’t actually love all this,” says Tony, indicating himself with a flourish.
“You realise the implication you are making.”
“Mr Barnes hasn’t been able to stop laughing since it happened.”
“Make sure that non-SI piece of junk captures every nuance of my sigh. You’re on my payroll and you couldn’t afford a fucking boom mic? I could’ve made one for you in like thirty minutes. Point is, there was a party, all right? A party at our old stamping ground, and Thorzan got into a game of Truth or Dare with Blizz. Fun times. I have the video of the event but I’m kind of a possessive bitch.
He flops onto the sofa right outside the workshop’s ill-defined boundaries, completely unselfconscious of his semi-nudity and the camera you and DUM-E have got trained on him. “FRIDAY, gimme the news.”
“Tony —” starts Rogers.
. There was more to come but who even cares anymore.” He rips out his earpiece in disgust.
DUM-E zooms in on Tony, who refuses to meet anyone’s eyes. And on Captain Rogers, beside him, nostrils flared and knuckles white on the arms of his chair.
For, of course, you’ve just broken the God of Mischief’s nose with your forehead, and Clint’s already stuck a paralytic-laced arrow or seven in his arm, and Natasha, well, she’s always had Stark-patented Reindeer-Locker Handcuffs™ on her person 24/7 since the fiasco of 2012.
Steve corrected. “We'll
Tony pressed a few buttons and the microwave came alive, heating the plate. A few seconds later, Tony was sitting on the counter beside a glass of water, with the plate in one hand, a fork in the other, and eating as if there were no tomorrow.
“Okay,” Steve shrugged. “Don’t you want to show up? No need.” He put his hands in the front pockets of his pants. “But know that I know you’re out there. And I know you can hear me.”
It could only be a dream, right? An incredibly good dream, but put there by someone bad, who knew how much Tony wanted that happiness, but could
Tony frowned, not understanding why he would be mad at Steve, but nodded. “Okay.”
Tony knew that was the time to leave for good, to leave and not look back. But he knew, Steve knew, and after the Civil War, the world knew:
How did you already know? I just got the call from the Chief," Steve's head was in no shape to put together a coherent timeline at the moment, but that didn't make sense, even in the midst of that chaos.
“It was nothing.”
That made Tony's brain really wake up.
beautiful," Steve said somewhere close to his ear.
“Well, then I ran as far as I could, but there’s a limit. I ran out of resources. He cornered me. I was without armors, with no money available, nothing but my last alternative that didn’t involve killing myself.” A shiver ran through Tony’s spine. “And, look, I’m a futurist. I prepare myself for the most different scenarios. I figured that one day I would need to do something like that, so I kept a backup of my own mind, but for reasons I don’t know, it was only updated to a week before Stamford. But it would have to do.”
Steve looked at Tony, who was now grinning.
"So, here's what we're gonna do," Tony took a pair of sunglasses out of the front pocket of his jacket and put it on his face. Steve couldn't help thinking about how well he looked like that. "We'll get out of the car and as soon as they realize who we are, who
With a few more thrusts, not much after, Steve came all inside Tony, realizing that he had just lived one of his most lustful dreams for real, with the love of his life. And he almost came again. Neither of them said anything for a while. They just stood there, trying to catch their breaths and their energies. After what seemed like eternity, Steve stepped out from inside Tony, who sighed at the change, held Tony by the waist and headed toward the TV room, where he sat on the couches and snuggled Tony to his side, in a hug.
“Widow and Hawkeye have already knocked out the Scientist Supreme.”
“Good,” Steve said.
“Don’t be late.”
He, Natasha Romanoff, the lethal spy known as the Black Widow, Bruce Banner, the alter ego of the monster fed by pure rage Hulk, Sam Wilson, the winged Avenger known as Falcon, Wanda Maximoff, the Scarlet Witch and the android Vision were gathered in the equipment room, preparing for another imminent mission - that they still did not know what it would be.
“Is this a joke?” Clint asked in a bored voice.
"Glad you're on the good side," Steve said with a smile.
"Maybe one day. But it won't be today, because today I have information for you."
"And he still thinks the Hulk jumps are an injustice," Wanda said absently, watching Peter climb.
"Time to wake up, honey," Tony smiled at him. "We're coming down."
“Really?”
“Is the party already over?” Tony asked as Steve walked away smiling.
Because they loved each other. And may the whole world know about it.
"I'm taking you out to dance," Tony said, holding out his hand.
Tony felt the tears return. It had been a long time since he had allowed himself to be so vulnerable in front of someone else (the last time that had happened, as far as he knew, was for Steve’s body). Tony had waited so long for that moment, waited so long for Steve to come back and prove that all the horrible news he had read was a lie. And now, when he received much more than he had asked for, when all of his biggest dreams, even the most secret ones, came true, he knew it was too much. He should already know that good things like that didn’t happen to him.
Steve rolled his eyes. “I don’t want to start fighting.”
Steve straightened his stance, tilted his chin up, and suddenly, he was no longer the artist, but the Captain, and then he followed Tony. And the effect was immediate. As if they were waiting for his internal transformation, the reporters recognized him and came running towards him, cameras on, with blinding reflectors and microphones aimed at him, like weapons. They screamed in a jumble of male and female voices, all trying to get his attention, but Steve focused his attention on Tony's back, who walked steadily ahead of him, and kept walking, pretending that the reporters were just mosquitoes who asked him insistently
“We need to get back there.”
“Immediately.” Five seconds later, the best and most terrifying news. “Captain Rogers is on his way to the lab.”
"Ladies and gentlemen, the mighty Hawkeye," Sam laughed.
"Thanks," Steve said, embarrassed. "Make yourself at home. We don't have fixed hours, so make yourself at home to make your own, walk around the house, whatever you want. There's food in the fridge, the stove and the microwave are yours for whatever you want. In the living room, TV control is also free, as long as you arrive first," Steve smiled. "If you need me, I usually read and draw upstairs, in my room, or in the garden, outside. You can find me in my studio, which is up there, too. Just call me."
Hulk glared at him threateningly over the shoulder and jumped into the elevator shaft without a word. Clint gave a nervous laugh.
"Now, Friday," Tony asked, and immediately Born to Be Yours began to play on the speakers.
Tony breathed in Steve's neck again, intoxicating himself with that scent that was all Steve, and, out of control of his own actions, after all, control had already left Tony a long time ago, he licked the side of Steve's neck. He licked slowly, savoring the heat of Steve’s skin on his tongue.
"It's six in the morning in Dubai, boss. Two in the afternoon in New York.”
Stepping hard, Clint approached the other three Avengers, backed by Sam, and alternated his gaze between Natasha and the girl, as if in a tennis play.
“I...” Tony's heart melted and he came to embrace Steve. “I want to know more about who she is, but I also know that it would be unfair to just show up there. She thinks she's alone, that she'll never see her parents again. Imagine how embarrassing it will be to start accepting this, and suddenly discover that two different versions of them are here, but that they never knew of her existence?”
Steve laughed. “Who would know, right?”
"Hey," Tony said. "Everything's going to be all right. We'll get him out of there. Your son will be coming home. I promise."
But his oath incredibly lasted for a day.
Steve took the two cups, stood up, refilled them with coffee and handed one to Tony, smiling crookedly. “You know I don’t have any alcohol here, Tony.”
"I know." Steve smiled weakly.
Taking advantage of the fact that he was clinging to Steve's shoulders, Tony turned him, guided him to the huge bed behind them, and, still smiling, shoved Steve toward the soft mattress. The soldier laughed and Tony found himself thinking he could hear Steve laughing forever. It was a wonderful sound and Tony barely heard it while they were living their life as Earth protectors.
"Good, because I'm good at many things, but cooking is not one of them," Sam said getting up. "I'm going to take a shower and I'll be back soon.”
was what Tony's brain showed as a neon sign. Why did he stop smiling?
He needed Steve.
He set the tray on the nightstand beside the bed, climbed up onto the mattress, and crawled to one leg on either side of Steve's sleeping body. Tony leaned on his hands and bent down to kiss the base of the soldier's back and didn’t stop with the trail of passionate kisses until he reached his neck when Steve finally moved beneath him and smiled without opening his eyes.
.. / .-.. / ..-
a calm and comforting presence in Tony's chaotic life, a certainty.
the Avengers were sharing. He felt his neck burn.
“Oh.” Tony found himself thinking that Steve looked adorable with that surprised expression on his face, especially when he tried to disguise it.
Steve smiled.
Steve nodded slightly, his expression unreadable. “So, you should also know that, after those
Tony ran a hand through his hair and sighed, defeated.
” Understanding Tony's request, Steve opened his mouth as wide as he could and relaxed, letting Tony fuck him as eagerly as he needed. Perks of lacking a gag reflex. “Aaah, yes, Steve! Suck my cock. Oh, fuck yes.
"All you need to know is that you're going to need light clothes because it's hot there." Tony ducked down so that only Steve could hear. "Although I'm not sure if you'll have time to wear your clothes.”
Tony then stopped very seriously and looked at Steve. “So, are we just going to leave the Civil War behind?”
"No. But I was the one who taught him how to hack systems undetected. Believe him if he says he can do that."
“Just you and me,” Steve agreed and refocused on his task of getting rid of Tony’s pants, unzipping the button and zipper and carefully pulling the pants down. Tony gasped when the jeans hit his cock, already extremely sensitive, almost completely erect. He wanted Steve.
Today was the night off for Clint, Natasha, Thor, Bruce, Steve and Tony.
Tony moved up then down again. Up and down. Up and down. They started out kind of slow, but then Tony picked up the pace. It was like he suddenly remembered why they were there in the first place. There was no delicacy in there. It was pure rough sex. Tony wanted, obviously
Steve felt his neck burn.
"The air tastes like salt, so I assume we're close to the sea," Steve looked at Tony. "Am I right?"
“I wish there was something I could say to you that day,” Steve said, his eyes glued to Tony, holding Tony in place. “I wish I could have said something that would make all that pain you let me see go away. It kills me a little every day, since that meeting, to know how you can feel this way, so worthless, so small, so
"Then go," Tony smiled. "Go there and take care of him. I
"The torture has not yet begun,” without giving Tony time to process what was happening, Steve bent down and involved Tony's cock with his mouth and sucked.
Tony tried. Tony tried hard, in all the ways that he knew made him come. None of them worked. He tried to thrust his hand up and down his length. Nothing. He tried to circle his thumb around his cock’s head as he wrapped and stroked the balls. Nothing, either. He tried to stroke his cock with one hand while shoving his fingers in his ass. One, two, three. Nothing.
“The conclusion we've come to is that we're incredible in every dimension,” Tony said with a chuckle.
"Are they here because of
"Where's Thor?" He looked at Wanda.
"Are you going to tell me now why I'm not on my way to the police station to meet my son?" Steve was more than angry. He was ready to go out and go straight to the police station to talk to that police chief, see Peter and, hopefully, get him out there. But then the lawyer appeared at his door, asked if he could come in, ordered a cup of coffee, and now the two were sitting facing each other, while Peter was waiting for him, certainly thinking the worst things possible. The lawyer -
"Yeah. Sounds great, actually."
Tony touched his cheek softly. It was hard to put the poor thing through so much so soon, but it was for the best. It would make everything easier in the long run. Bruce smiled at him when Tony released the restraints, allowing Steve to be transferred onto a waiting gurney. “It’s going to be alright, Tony. I promise. Would you like to stay during the procedure?”
The doors slid open and Steve stepped out. The layout was similar to the penthouse, but the similarities ended there. Bruce's living room was well lived in, filled with dark colors and heavy fabrics. Items picked up on his travels were displayed on the walls and shelves. Soft footsteps from the hallway drew his attention, and he turned in time to see Loki enter the room. His arms were crossed over his chest defensively, and his eyes were wary.
"And you want more already, don't you, you greedy little boy?"
Another chapter! Poor Steve. He’ll get used to it eventually, right?
"I picked breakfast. And the museum..."
Thank you.
Gentle fingers carded through his hair. “Yeah. All over. You were such a good boy for me, Steve. So brave. I’m proud of you, sweetheart.”
He finally became aware of gentle fingers stroking through his hair, smoothing it back from his forehead, and let out a content sigh.
Steve nodded. “That does sound good… You’re not mad, are you?”
He groaned, burying his teeth in the side of Steve’s neck and biting down hard enough that he tasted a faint trace of blood. Tony made sure to support him, grip staying tight. His omega always got so overwhelmed from being knotted. He could release so many times that he blacked out from it when Steve had a day when he wanted to struggle. But other times Steve just went lax. Soft and sweet as he clung onto Tony.
As soon as he’d finished his last bite, the door behind Steve’s back seemed to disappear. Instead of hitting the ground, it felt as though he continued falling. When he threw his hands out in panic, they encountered soft upholstery. Looking around was even more disorienting, as he was somehow in a comfortable sitting room, with an unfamiliar man staring at him.
"Just Tony now."
Steve opened his mouth, let Tony press his cock inside, thrusting down his throat. Making him gag around the thick length. He could feel Tony’s knuckles bumping his lips as he thrust forward desperately, hand wrapped tight around the base of his cock where the knot would pop when he came. Steve wanted to see it, be the cause of it. To feel so good wrapped around the alpha’s cock that he couldn’t get enough. Give him a reason to choose Steve other than medical necessity.
"Yeah." He buried his face in the side of Tony's neck, willing his breathing to steady. They laid like that until Steve had finally calmed down, stopped trembling.
"Fair enough." He studied Steve's face for a moment. "Did you like the flowers?"
Tony tangled his fingers in Steve’s hair, gently pulling his head back. He kissed him. Softly at first, then more demanding, tongue sweeping into his mouth, claiming the space as his own. Steve clung to him, trembling so hard he could barely stay upright, whimpering into his mouth. He finally pulled back, leaving Steve gasping for breath.
Steve rocked back with a soft sob, trying to grind against the plug, until Tony gripped his hips forcing him to still. “Please! Oh, please!”
Tony led Steve to an open wall with attachment hooks. He fastened them to the restraints on his wrists, arms spread wide, on display. He looked him over approvingly before his eyes began to glow. Steve let out a cry, knees buckling, as the plug and the cage attachment both vibrated to life.
Natasha and Clint were on treadmills in the corner, and Tony was walking towards a sparring mat. “Hey Spangles! Wanna go a few rounds?”
"Yeah, you like that, don't you? You're so easy for me, Steve."
Steve shook his head. “You’re wrong. He… He messed with your head somehow!”
"Punished." Tony sat down on the couch and gestured for Steve to sit down next to him. As soon as he had, Tony began running a hand soothingly over his thigh. "I want to talk to you."
Steve trembled under his touch, feeling that pleasant hazy sensation again. "And... And some people don't like that?"
The bright flush on Steve's cheeks made Tony smile, he brushed his fingertips over his cheekbone then down over his lips. "If that's what we both enjoy, then yeah. But I want to hear it. At least once. Do you like it when I make you wait, Steve?"
He tried to hold back the tears threatening to fall, turning his rage towards the one thing he thought he might have control over. Gripping the end of the plug he tried to pull it free, allowing any traces of the alpha’s come to leak out. Instead of sliding easily, it seemed to expand, lodging itself more firmly inside of him. Anger and grief battled inside of him, the tears finally sliding down his cheeks. He was helpless. Owned. And he hated it. Any chance of living a normal life was gone.
“Please! Please, Tony! Please!”
“Of course. It’s one of my favorites. Steve absolutely hates them. Just so you know. So, for every time you don’t succeed, one of us will work Steve to the very edge of release, and the second he starts to fall over, all stimulation will stop. Might even need a bit of pain somewhere sensitive after a while. His body will still release, won’t be able to help it, but he won’t receive any pleasure from the experience. After a while, it might even start to hurt. But, because he is still experiencing stimulation and release, he’ll also experience oversensitivity after each one. It’s a terrible thing to do to someone. Especially more than once. Understand?”
Another chuckle. "I thought that was supposed to be my line?"
“I’m… I’m really yours?”
Tony is stretched out on the bed next to him, watching him move. Put on a show, an unhelpful voice in his head reminds him. “Please. Please, Tony. Please.”
Every time the plug seemed to get heavier. His muscles tiring, unused to the strain, allowing the metal to slip free faster and faster. Until he was clinging to Tony, sobbing freely, begging for mercy, his entire body in flames.
He screamed, again and again, as soon as his lungs could draw air. The pleasure ripping through him, showing no sign of stopping, as Tony continued working in his ass, the suction relentless on his nipples and cock. He couldn’t think. Couldn’t breathe. He released again, a peak in the unending pleasure, and the world went black.
He wasn't certain how much time had passed before he became aware of Tony talking to him, guiding his mouth away from his lap. Steve made a soft sound of protest, not wanting to move.
"Yes Tony." He blushed. How could they do the things they had, but it still make him blush this damn easily?
"If he was safe, and not causing mischief, I would be very glad to hear of it."
“Alpha! Alpha, please!”
Steve blinked against the tears he felt well up. Had to swallow before he could speak. "I... I want to be yours. I want to stay yours." The last words were a whisper. "I want you to lock it. Please."
Instinct sent him staggering back to the bed, collapsing at Tony’s side. Steve gripped the alpha’s shoulder, shaking him gently to wake him. He wasn’t sure what was going on, why he felt so sick. But Tony had told Steve to come to him whenever he needed him, and after the last few days he desperately wanted to trust the other man. Tony came awake immediately, sitting up and turning towards Steve, concern etched on his face. “Steve? Sweetheart? Is everything alright?”
"There we are. That's my good boy."
“W-what are you doing?”
“Yes, I had a chance to look over your file. You seemed bound and determined to build yourself a following. Overthrow the alpha patriarchy and all that. Do you know why it didn’t work, Steve? Because you’re the only one who feels that way. Probably because you spent so long drugged up and denying your natural instincts. Omegas don’t want to riot in the streets and demand their rights. They want a good alpha to choose them and care for them. You were always going to fail. Do you understand?”
“It’s gonna be okay. I promise.”
Steve arched, head pressing back against Tony’s shoulder as he came, passage clamping down hard around him, triggering his knot. Tony moaned, thrusting hard into Steve’s clenching body, a low groan torn from his throat as his knot was milked by the slick channel. He continued stroking Steve’s cocklet, working a second release from his overstimulated body before he let him rest, enjoying the way he squirmed in his arms. When Tony caught his breath, he replaced his cock with the plug once more, turning Steve to curl him tighter into his arms. His omega was already asleep.
“It’s an aphrodisiac and an inhibiting agent. We need to spend some time working on your slick glands today, which will be easier when you’re aroused. However, since you acted up this morning, your punishment is that you don’t get to come from it. Should be an interesting day.”
"Come on team, back to the tower." Now that the adrenaline of the fight was fading, Steve was exhausted. All he wanted was to go home, scrub himself raw, and curl up in the penthouse with Tony. Feel him warm and alive under his hands.
"Yeah. They just wouldn't leave me alone! Kept asking the same questions over and over like I'd suddenly have all the answers."
Once he’d recovered and tucked himself away again, Tony turned his attention back to James, palming the remote and slowly increasing the vibrations to the highest level. A ragged gasp escaped his throat before James came, convulsing hard enough to tumble to the floor. He continued to shudder and moan as the vibrations didn’t cease, writhing from the oversensitivity before his hips began to grind down against the floor, straining to force the toy deeper. Tony continued to let it pulse against him, until James came a second time, a scream tearing free as he spasmed again and again, before Tony finally turned the toy off. He continued to writhe, the bumps of the toy rubbing over him with the frantic movements, wringing a third orgasm from his overworked body. James finally collapsed against the floor, spent and satisfied, reminding Tony of a jungle cat. He almost expected him to purr. Maybe next time.
In a similar vein, Tony accessed the cell network, placing a call to Banner. Bruce had made breakthroughs in treatments for omega disorders after he had chosen his own mate. He had made astonishing progress in a relatively short amount of time, due to personal motivation. If anyone could help with Steve, it would be him.
"Already running, Sir."
"I'm being good! I swear! Please!"
Steve let out a shaky breath, slowly relaxing into the older man's arms. "Thanks, Tony."
"You know what to say if you need me to stop. Otherwise, I am going to have you. It's been nearly two weeks since I've been inside of you. I fucking need to feel you, Steve."
Steve didn’t get pregnant after his first heat, which was devastating for him. He insisted that Tony get Bruce to check him over afterwards, to make sure that it was possible. Steve was relieved when everything showed up normal on the tests. A part of him had been terrified that his mother’s insistence that he take suppressants had destroyed his chances of having a baby of his own.
When Steve managed to blink open his heavy eyes, he was back in the penthouse bedroom, Tony’s arms wrapped tight around his waist. He tried to press closer to the other man, but his limbs felt like lead. He must have made a soft sound, because his alpha was moving, turning Steve to face him, tucking him into his chest. It made him feel safe. Protected.
Steve was too far gone to respond, shuddering under him as Tony continued to pound into him, chasing his own release. He kept his hand wrapped around Steve, squeezing painfully, rewarded with further cries of pleasure.
Saturday afternoon, Steve started getting ready for the gala. He knew how many reporters were going to be there, and how the media liked to rip Tony apart for any perceived shortcomings, which is why he wanted to look perfect tonight. After consulting with both Pepper and Natasha the day before, he felt fairly well prepared.
Steve had known that the other man had feelings for him, it was obvious in everything he did. But hearing it put into words was different. Made him feel different. He cared for the brunette, of course, but wasn't sure if it was love yet. It could be. Would be given enough time. This wasn't the type of thing Captain America needed to rush into. If he handled the situation wrong, he could hurt Tony. That was the last thing he wanted.
Bucky curled tighter in on himself. “I-I…” He couldn’t get the words out. Didn’t know what to say. How to explain. Tears welled up in his eyes again.
With that taken care of, Tony walked away to gather the supplies he needed from the cabinets on the back wall. Steve continued to scream obscenities and struggle in his restraints. He ignored it, setting down the variety of items on a table behind the angry omega. The first thing he picked up was a ring gag, waiting until Steve opened his mouth to yell before shoving it in place and fastening it behind his head. Garbled words came from around the ring, including insults to Tony’s parentage and how much Steve hated him. Tired of listening to the complaints, Tony picked up a dildo a little smaller than his own cock, sliding it into Steve’s open mouth and fastening it in place within the ring.
“Uh oh. Good conversation or should I start running now?”
Tony nodded, seeming pleased. “And once they’ve claimed them, that’s it? They can’t leave, or pick someone else?”
"Yeah, you like that too, don't you?"
"Wait, what?"
"Yeah. Thank you, Tony."
Steve could feel the pout, even as he tried to fight it. “You know I don’t.”
"I'm glad to see you. And I think you might be glad to see me, too. Have you had dinner?"
"It's okay sweetheart. Do you want to tell me what happened?"
"Y-yes... So good. So sensitive."
That wicked grin returned. "I told you. You're mine. Your pleasure is mine. So, you don't touch yourself until I tell you to. Do you understand?"
“Yeah, so?”
"Do you want that to be our normal play, or only sometimes?"
Bucky sighed, settling deeper into the cushions. “Remember how anxious I used to get? How it felt like the world was spinning so fast I couldn’t draw a breath? You felt it too, right?”
"Yeah, I know what you need. I'll take care of you. Come on."
“No…” Steve blinked up at Tony, overcome by the dominance radiating from him. He’d never met an alpha with that level of power. It made him feel weak and needy. Willing to offer up anything Tony wanted to please him.
“Yes Tony.” Steve turned his face into the side of Tony’s neck again, feeling impossibly fragile. “And you’ll take care of me?”
Okay guys, just a warning. This story has somehow gotten away from me. There’s plot in my porn, damnit! I have no control over what my muses are doing, or where they take me when I write.
A knock at the door interrupted them, an assistant arriving with the lunch order. Tony took the bag, thanked the woman, and locked the door behind her. He moved back to his side of the desk and unpacked a variety of containers. Then he bent down to pull something out from under his desk before sitting down again. "Come here Steve."
“And what are you thinking about that has you so morose?”
He wasn’t allowed even a moment to enjoy it. Another sharp crackle of electricity inside his prostate destroyed his climax yet again, leaving him sobbing and inconsolable in Tony’s arms. He felt Tony thrust a few more times, teasing him with the barest hint of pleasure as he softened inside of him. Steve whined pathetically as Tony drew out of his body, grip still firm on his hips, keeping his ass lifted high in the air.  A few moments later, Steve felt the press of cool metal against his rim as a thick plug was eased inside of him, his passage squeezing uncontrollably around it.
The shackles released with a soft sound, and he collapsed sideways into Tony's arms, let the older man gather him into his lap, kiss his slack lips. He felt like he was floating, the world gauzy and soft around the edges. He could hear Tony's voice murmuring praise and endearments, but the actual words were beyond him.
Laughter, followed by a man’s voice thick with a cajun drawl. “Down Kitty. Good God. Never thought you’d be into that kinda thing.”
“Clothing is a privilege, honey, and you haven’t earned it yet. It’s okay. Nobody’s gonna touch you, and they won’t mind. From what I understand, James was a difficult case himself. He’ll understand what you’re going though.”
When he came back to the penthouse each night, the first thing Tony did was pull Steve into his arms and kiss him senseless. He began to look forward to the intimacy of being so close to another person. Sharing their space and breath.
The brunette blew out a breath before steeling himself to look up and meet Steve’s eyes. Tony cupped his cheek, gently brushing away a tear. When he spoke, his voice was soft, cautious. “While you were gone, on that last mission for SHEILD. The one that kept you away for three months?”
“Most likely. He’s a fighter.”
Tony Stark stood before him, tall and proud. His cool gaze ran over Steve’s body slowly before the force field abruptly released him, sending him to his knees. Callused fingertips rested beneath Steve’s chin, tilting his face up. They were so close that Steve could smell the other man’s cologne, the scent so familiar it brought tears to his eyes.
“It’s okay. I’ll tell you as many times as I need to, Steve. I’m not going anywhere.”
“I want this to be over. To be able to show you how good it can be for us. Can you be a good boy? Take a little bit more for me?”
Tony rolled Steve onto his back, watched as he jerked and spasmed uncontrollably, pleasure sparking through his body at the sensation of being filled the way he needed. “This what you need, baby? To cry on a big old knot?” Steve tried to stutter out a reply, but couldn’t. Instead releasing each time he moved, the plug pressing harder against his swollen passage. His eyes were completely blown, no hint of blue remaining, as he panted and moaned, completely at Tony’s mercy. “Yeah. That’s what you needed. Don’t worry, sweetheart. I will always give you exactly what you need.”
He seemed so happy. So glad to see Steve, that he flushed in embarrassment. He didn’t know how to respond. Drinking his coffee in silence seemed the safest answer.
Steve collapsed into the waiting arms, sobbing into his chest, the fear of nearly losing the other man too overwhelming to bear. Tony stroked over his back, murmuring soothing nonsense into his ear until he was calm. “I’m sorry. You’re the one who went through all of that, not me. I didn’t mean to-“
Steve keened, hips slamming back against Tony's, fucking himself desperately on his cock, squeezing around him, until he finally felt him spill inside him. A relieved whimper slipped from his mouth as he fell over the edge after him, only a few droplets spilling from the tip of his cock, and he collapsed against the bed, completely spent.
"No."
"The day at SHEILD stressed you out a little more than I thought, huh?"
“Sir.”
"Are you okay?" Tony's voice held tenderness and concern. A single word and all of this would stop. He relaxed under the gentle touch.
A gentle hand combed through his hair and he turned into the touch. “I have to leave for a little while. On a business trip. And as much as I love the way we play, I don’t feel comfortable leaving you locked up while I’m out of the country. So I want to take care of you before I leave. Understand?”
"There we are. Lovely. Now, it was thirty, right Steve?"
Steve’s brow furrowed. “I’m gonna believe you, Tony.”
“Yeah? Is that what you like? Somebody being so very mean to you? Give you a reason to be self righteous and indignant?” He paused, studied Steve so intently it felt as though he could see right through him. “No, that’s not quite right. You like to beg and plead. Struggle. Have someone control every single thing about you. Isn’t that right, sweetheart.”
He had forgotten about Tony’s presence, their game, everything except for the maddening itch inside his core. The feeling of metal closing around his wrists drew him back from his frenzy. Heavy shackles were attached from his wrists to the reinforced headboard on the bed. Similar ones were attached to his ankles, shorter chains forcing his thighs to spread wide. His hips were pulled up sharply, a pillow slid underneath him, propping his ass in the air.
“I think that’s enough foreplay, sweetheart. I want to be inside of you. Now.” Slick fingers pressed into his clenching hole roughly, twisting and scissoring to stretch him enough for Tony’s girth. Occasionally rubbing hard against his prostate, making his muscles jump and a soft whine escape his throat.
Steve immediately tried to struggle off the bed, just as Tony had known he would. “You want to put my dick in a cage? I don’t fucking think so!”
Steve took a deep breath, nodding. "Yes, Tony."
Tony gathered him closer, arms wrapped around him securely. Making him feel warm and safe for the first time in his life. Steve drifted into an exhausted sleep, knowing in that moment there was nowhere else he’d rather be.
Due to an overwhelmingly positive response and extreme boredom in quarantine, you get another chapter! Seriously, everyone has been so nice, it's making this story a joy to work on. Comments and constructive criticism is always welcome, and feel free to request anything you would like to see in this story. I won't promise it'll end up in there, but I will consider it, and I love being inspired.
“Fourteen, Boss.”
He felt himself lifted and only clung tighter to his alpha. Tony carried Steve to the couch, sitting down with him in his lap, pulling the thick woolen blanket from the back of the couch and wrapping it around them both like a cocoon. That was even better, blocking out the rest of the world. Nothing felt real except the two of them. “JARVIS? Lights at twenty percent. And clear my schedule for the rest of the day.”
“That’s better.” Tony lifted the paddle, bringing it down on a rounded cheek with a crack. He could see Steve’s ass clench, his passage tightening around the plug, making him wail. Tony began paddling him with abandon, making sure that no matter how much he squirmed each strike landed exactly where he wanted it to. Once he’d settled into a rhythm, Tony was able to truly enjoy himself. The first thing he accessed was the nanobots, sending the command for Steve’s cock to harden, wanting him to struggle against the cage. Next he turned on the implant, sending pulses of vibration through Steve’s prostate. Finally Tony accessed Steve’s Extremis, using the virus to manipulate his hormone levels, sending Steve’s arousal soaring.
Steve looked down, afraid to see the look on Tony’s face. “I’ll be alright. I always am.”
“What’s going on?”
"Yes, Sir..."
Tony turned back to Steve, flashing him an evil smile, watching him wince in response. “You heard the man.” He slowly increased the pressure until Steve’s eyes rolled back, hips rocking back and forth in small movements, no longer trying to free himself from Tony’s grasp, but unable to hold completely still. Tony stopped, finally satisfied, when the trapped cocklet was stretched painfully, filling most of the tube’s length and flushed a deep red color. With a sigh of relief, he finally released his own aching cock from the confines of his jeans, stroking his hand slowly over it as he stepped back, turning enough to watch both men fall apart at the same time.
"Alright sweetheart. Don't say I'm not good to you. I'll give you what you want."
"Thanks Bruce."
Steve’s eyes flew open with a gasp, immediately grinding back against Tony’s hard cock. “Please… Please…” He murmured softly.
Then Tony claimed he didn't want Steve worrying or getting stressed out over the publicity. So he had Happy whisk him off to a spa for the day, where he was rubbed down, massaged, manicured, pedicured, and treated to every luxury that they offered.
“Okay. All done with that. Now. You.” He wiped his hands on a rag and tossed it over a chair. “Strip for me, omega. Now.” There’s was an instant transformation from easygoing to dominant, and Steve responded instinctively. He undressed, folding his clothes neatly and stacking them on a chair, fighting the urge to cover himself.
“No! Alpha, it’s perfect. I love it. Thank you. Thank you! You’re so good to me.”
“Please let me have it. Don’t ruin it. Please…?”
“It’s going to be a lot. Are you sure you can handle it? And you still owe me a spanking.” Even as he said it, Tony was stripping off his shirt, unfastening his pants and kicking them down. He released the leather straps, and Steve cried out as the vibrator slipped out of him, leaving him feeling empty. Just as quickly it was replaced with his alpha’s cock, plunging deep and rubbing over all the newly sensitive places within him.
“I…” Bucky shook his head. He’d only been gone a minute, hadn’t he? Had he lost the much time again?
Steve’s head snapped up, mouth opening to argue. Tony was waiting for it. As soon as Steve opened his mouth, a wide rubber bit was forced between his teeth, gagging him. The strap fastened itself behind Steve’s head at Tony’s direction, and no matter how much Steve shook his head trying to loosen it, the gag stayed firmly in place. He yelled and screamed at Tony, but the words came out muffled, garbled, and completely unintelligible.
"It... It aches. I need you. I need you so bad. God, please..."
Experimentation. Torture. Brainwashing.
Steve groaned, rolling over onto his knees, back stretched long by the grip he still had on the headboard. He couldn’t stop the short stuttering movements of his hips until he felt calloused hands gripping hard to still them. A soft gust of air was his only warning before Tony’s mouth was pressed against his sensitive hole, lips and tongue devouring him, the rasp of his beard against the sensitive skin making him squirm harder. It felt better than he had ever imagined it would, which added to his current predicament.
Tony tried to make his voice sound firm. “No. It’s not. The situation with Sunset was different. You’re mine. I’m never letting you go. Do you understand me?” He pushed a little bit of alpha command into the last few words, forcing a hesitant nod out of Steve. “Good.”
“Did I… Was it okay?”
“How are we looking?”
"Such a good boy for me, Steve. Why don't you finish waking up, take care of anything you need to, and meet me in the bedroom down the hall. Okay?"
They fell back against the bed, Tony’s arms wrapped around Steve, holding him close. Like an anchor keeping him from drifting away. The floaty sensation was back. Omega-space Tony had called it. He murmured his alpha’s name, nuzzling into the curve of his neck. For the first time in his life Steve felt completely safe and loved.
“I know, honey. It’s been a long day. Why don’t we go to bed and get some sleep?”
The elevator doors slid shut, carrying Steve down towards the lobby. Away from the team that didn’t want him. Would never accept him. He ducked his head and hurried out of the building, not wanting to draw any attention to himself. Uncertain what to do now.
Steve groaned, head thudding down against his hand. He was going out to dinner with Tony, wearing a plug and a cage. What could possibly go wrong…
“It won’t hurt you. And it’ll wear off. Eventually.”
Steve waited nervously, listening to the line ring. It was answered a minute later by Dr. Banner. “Hello?”
Steve wanted to scream as Tony got up and walked out of the room. His nipples throbbed constantly under the pressure of the clamps, and he could feel his hole pulsing helplessly, the feeling of emptiness increasing with every second.
"Making yourself all pretty for me. Taking such good care of me. Anything I want, right?"
Steve stumbled after him, uncertain of where they could be going that would require this level of preparation. All thoughts left his head once they settled into the backseat of the car. As soon as they were moving, Tony turned in the seat so he could watch him, a pleased smile on his lips. His eyes glowed blue for a brief moment, the same color as the arc reactor, and the plug buried in Steve's ass buzzed to life, stealing his breath, and leaving him writhing against the smooth leather seat. "How- How did you do that?"
“The rules are simple. If you’re hard, you have my permission to come. For every time you come without my permission, you earn a punishment. Understand?”
“Shoot.”
“And you were hoping for what? That we’d be friends? That I’d help you and your little super secret boy band save the world?”
“Not gonna be that easy, baby. But points for trying. You stay right here. I’ll be back.” With a wink, Tony walked out of the bedroom towards the rest of the apartment. Steve said a fervent prayer that he wasn’t getting what he thought he was. No one was listening. Or maybe they were. Hard to say. Steve squealed and writhed when Tony pressed the ice pack against his skin. Bucked his hips in a futile attempt to knock it away. His cock softened, shrank beneath the cold. Once Tony was satisfied, he set the ice on the nightstand and picked up the cage he had built for him.
"Oh sweetheart." His arms wrapped tightly around Steve, holding him close, feeling the slight tremors that were running through his frame. "I rearranged some things so I could leave early. I missed you."
Steve was opening his mouth to ask more, when he felt Tony's hand wrap tightly around his cock and begin stroking, slow and firm. A moan slipped out instead, his ass clenching around the plug. It was still cool, but there was the start of a tingling sensation. Faint at first, but getting stronger, especially when his walls clenched around it. As the tingling increased, the sensation changed, until it was a terrible burning itch inside of him. He twisted his hips desperately, trying to get some relief. Another firm stroke to his cock made him clench again, and the fire became unbearable. Steve tried to close his thighs, as if that would somehow stop the torturous burning, writhing and struggling in the restraints. "Tony!"
I definitely need to write something soft and smutty for poor Steve after this fic is done. Good thing I already have an idea in the wings.
With a mental farewell to his sanity, Steve leaned back into the couch cushions and unfastened his pants, dragging them and his briefs down to mid-thigh. Closing his eyes, he wrapped his hand around his cock, stroking up and down the length slowly. After all, he was supposed to enjoy it. He took his time, teasing until he was panting, hips thrusting up into his own grip. A cry tore from his lips as he finally exploded, drawing out the pleasure until he was shaking with oversensitivity.
As soon as he was within reach, Tony buried his fingers in Steve’s hair, gripping it tight. “I told you to come to me if you needed something and you listened to me. You’re such a good boy. Such a good omega.”
Steve nodded, eyes dropping to the tile.
“Then the answer is no. Roll over and get that ass up in the air, sweetheart. I’m not done playing with you yet. Maybe if you’re good I’ll let you try to rub one out on the sheets. It won’t work. But I might let you try.”
“You… Want to give me a collar that you made? Not just one that you bought, but made…?”
"Please... Can I... Can I come?"
Steve closed his eyes, a soft whimper escaping at the words. That was exactly what he wanted tonight. "I- I can be good. I can be real good for you."
"Twenty minutes of what?"
"Yes, Tony, God!" He was close, so close to release, even with the cage holding him back. He could feel it creeping up his spine, locking his muscles, his balls getting heavy and tight, the vibrations echoing in every inch of his body. So close...
A corner of Steve’s mouth quirked up into a half hearted smile. “I try.”
Steve tried to relax, rest for a moment, but the vibrations didn’t stop, instead increasing in intensity. His eyes shot up to find Tony, the older man’s eyes dark and hot as he watched him. “Tony…? Tony, please. I need… I need to stop. I can’t…”
“Good. I’m going to release the restraints now, but if you touch that cocklet of yours, there will be consequences. Orgasm is a reward, not a right.” He watched Steve carefully as he allowed the restraints to retract in on themselves, becoming smooth cuffs again. He slowly sat up, rolling his shoulders and stretching his limbs before slowly standing up.
"Wonderful. Go into the bedroom. Bottom drawer of the dresser. I want you to strip down and pick out something in there to wear for me. Come back when you're done."
Tony returned to Steve, gently urging him to his feet. He bent him over, removing the plug, before guiding him across the room. Tony pushed Steve to his knees then pressed him back, impaling him on the thick toy. Steve moaned as the ribbing dragged over his rim, struggling to rise as it kept sinking deeper. Tony allowed him to slide up a few inches as he secured his ankles and calves to the floor.
Steve blinked up at him, panic and horror filling him. Tony had been at work. Meetings and people and important things he needed to get done. And Steve… Steve had thrown a fit like a child and demanded his attention. “I-I’m so sorry… I-”
"Hands behind your back, Steve. You're blocking my view."
"You are. So fucking good. You hold back until I do, and then you can come. If you don't I swear I'll plug you up with the ginger again."
I know I’ve probably said it before, but I’m pretty sure this is gonna be the filthiest thing I’ve ever written. Honestly, even I’m surprised by where this is going. Let’s be surprised together. I am learning more about the dark porny places in my head every day. But for those concerned, most of my stories will have a happy ending, this one included. Now it’s going to be a happy ending within the constraints of the world I’ve created, but happy ending nevertheless. Let me know what you think in the comments. Hopefully I haven’t gone to far. And to all of you die-hards who have commented multiple times: thank you from the bottom of my smutty kinky little heart!
"Not bad. He seems like a good guy. I like him. Asgard sucks though. We might have to do something about that eventually."
Steve lifted his tear streaked face to look up at him. “Promise…?” He asked in a small voice.
“I never said it was.” Wiping his hands on a napkin, Tony rose to his feet. A hand on the board guided it to move in front of him as he brought Steve to the training room he’d prepared the day before. It was the work of seconds to transfer Steve from the board to the frame in the center of the room. Tony tilted it, Steve’s head hanging down lower then his feet, leaving his arms pinned by his sides. Steve’s legs were bent at the knee and spread wide, giving him room to maneuver. He left long enough to retrieve the cream he needed before settling on a comfortable stool between Steve’s thighs.
Steve whined, burrowing deeper into the muscular thigh beneath him. “Is neither an option?”
"Are you alright?"
All joking aside, Tony needed a plan. Sooner or later, Rogers would show up at the tower. Try to take James away from them. Possibly Steve as well, unable to fathom that any version of himself would willingly spend time with Tony Stark. Keeping his voice pitched low to not wake the sleeping men, he spoke cautiously. “FRIDAY? See if you can get a call through to Steven Strange. Leave a message if necessary. I’m not sure how busy the Sorcerer Supreme business is. Explain the situation, and that I’m… Concerned. About what Rogers will do when he comes here.”
Steve nodded, allowed himself to be guided to his feet and led back to the bedroom. He felt wrung out and limp. Out of energy to fight for the day. Tony pressed him back onto the thick mattress, and he stayed there, too exhausted to move as the older man stripped, tossing his clothes onto a chair before climbing into bed next to him. His eyes lit up, glowing the same unnatural blue as before, and Steve felt his wrists pulled together, the cuffs fastening them in place. His ankles followed suit, leaving him bound and helpless.
Unable to stand it any longer, Steve crawled to his knees, reaching behind himself to rub desperately at his entrance. It was the only thing he could still touch in hopes of pushing himself over the edge. The vibrations cut off and he continued rubbing frantically, felt himself begin to tip over the edge. A bolt of electricity seared through his prostate, ruining the orgasm he had finally managed to achieve, leaving him needy and unsatisfied.
When he realized what was happening, a light pink had begun to color his cheeks. With every bite, every gentle brush of Tony’s thumb over his plump lips, the color had darkened. James kept his gaze firmly on the ground, obviously overwhelmed by the situation. But enjoying it. Tony made a mental note to indulge both of his boys more often as they finished the last of their meal before finally breaking the silence. “Would you boys like to play a game?”
"Yes. It's terrible. You're so mean to me." He shuddered, pressing closer.
“Do you know where this package came from?”
Steve relaxed back against the bed as his body spasmed, more come trickling from his cock, and the gland buried inside of him seemed to go numb. Tony turned off the vibrator with the small remote he had kept close to him the entire time. “I think it’s time for a break, sweetheart. I’m going to go grab something and then be right back. Okay?”
Steve cupped his jaw, turned Bucky’s head to face him, then guided their mouths together. Bucky melted at the way their lips slid against each other. So soft, with an undercurrent of longing. He’d never wanted this world’s Steve Rogers like that. But if he’d been more open, like the man currently beneath him, that would have been different. He wondered how long Steve had wanted this. If that version of him had rejected this sweet man, broken his heart. A surge of possessiveness rose in him, locking his arms around Steve’s waist. There was no way Bucky would let him go after having him like this.
A real chapter! Sorry the intro was so short. But we’re going to just jump right in. Hope you enjoy it! Let me know what you think and feel free to leave any kink requests in the comments below!
Tony walked behind him again, Steve could feel the heat of his eyes on his body. Every thrust of his hips made the weights swing, pulling on his sensitive nipples, sharp pain radiating from the tight clamps. The vibrations from the plug kept increasing, working him up higher. His wrists tried to twist in the restraints, he could barely stay on his feet, but the cuffs held him immobile.
Eventually Tony sighed and stood, stretching his back until it popped before turning back to Steve. He was still kneeling on the cushion, gaze attentively following Tony’s movements. He made sure to keep his voice soft, not wanting to startle Steve like he had earlier, and held a hand down to him. “Come on. Let’s get you settled for the night. We could both use some sleep, right?”
Steve moaned into the blankets as the clamps pressed deeper into his flesh, driving him crazy. He couldn’t still the movements of his own body, responding helplessly to the torment. Slick fingers pressed firmly against his hole, rubbing hard circles, and he rocked back against them desperately, needing them inside him. Two fingers breached him in a rough thrust, just enough to burn, and he chased the sensation.
Steve blushed. "Whatever you want, Tony."
Tony watched him, eyes filled with a dark pleasure, noting every tortured breath or muffled whimper. Cataloguing every reaction.
“Sure Tony. No problem.”
When he managed to focus on the alpha, Tony was leaning forward in the chair, remote still in hand, the other stripping over his cock. He let the knot expand until Steve was completely gone. Even the slightest twitch send him careening into another release, body sore and aching, his passage unable to stop milking around the cock buried unbearably deep inside of him. At some point, Tony came, spilling across his fingers and onto the floor. The sight made Steve shudder, pulling at his rim, grinding the knot into his omega gland and pushing him over again. When it did finally stop, the knot retracting, the cock shrinking to it’s former size, Steve was exhausted.
Wrung out and boneless on the living room floor, Steve was beginning to contemplate spending the night exactly where he was and dealing with clothes glued to him from dried come in the morning when his cell phone chimed again. Unable to ignore it, he managed to roll onto his stomach and drag himself over to it.
"Still good?"
“Yeah.” Bruce sat down on a stool and readied his supplies. When Tony removed the large plug, he slid a speculum inside Steve’s entrance, stretching him open and locking it into place. Steve whimpered, pulling at the restraints as Bruce rubbed and prodded the hard nubs of his glands. “Yeah, this is what we normally see as a result of this type of abuse. There should be more elasticity here, to accommodate an alpha’s knot.” Tony leaned over his shoulder for a better view as Bruce pointed to the different areas. “You can see where the slick glands are impacted. It’ll take some work to get them to start producing properly. I’m assuming you had to use lube to mount him?”
Steve leaned down, picking up the plug and holding it out to Tony wordlessly. Even against the palm of his hand it felt heavy. He allowed the other man to bend him over and press the plug inside of him again, vowing to be more careful this time. As soon as it was settled inside of him, he was being slammed against the wall, rough hand stroking over his cock, hard and fast. Ramping him up quickly, pushing him to the edge, before dropping away, leaving him hard and throbbing.
"Good thing you love it." Tony's voice turned dark and Steve shuddered again.
Tony grinned wickedly. “Oh my sweet little masochist. The things I’m going to do to you.” His eyes glowed brilliant blue, taking Steve’s breath away for an entirely different reason. For a moment, nothing happened, then he felt the metal around his cock tighten, fitting around him more securely. A subtle shift between ordinary mode and playtime. Steve gasped, hips thrusting up into empty air.
He nodded. Swallowed. "Sure, Tony. Sounds great."
Steve stretched out next to him, curling into his side and draping an arm over his chest. "Who do you think it was that Bruce called in?"
Steve turned wide, pleading eyes up to Tony. “Alpha, please…?”
“Is that what you need, honey? To try and fight for a little while before your alpha breaks you down? That’s alright. You go ahead and fight. Maybe if you can get free, I’ll breed you again, let you get nice and hard, stroke you off just the way you were hoping I would. Maybe.”
Tony slid an arm around his back, pulled him close and allowed Steve to hide his face against his chest. “I know you still miss him.”
“Yes. Please, Tony. Yes.”
He tilted his head to the side, as though he was considering it. "No. You haven't even been locked up for a day yet, sweetheart. You can't need it that badly so soon. I took care of you so good last night, didn't I?"
Every night he went to bed with Steve wrapped in his arms and quickly feigned sleep as the man beside him tried his best to fuck a hole in the mattress. Apparently Tony wasn’t the only one suffering. Rolling onto his back, he quickly accessed the servers to review the medical scans for the day. Scar tissue was almost completely gone. Toxin buildup was eradicated. Blood flow was at the proper volume, and so were the hormonal secretions. His boy was going to be alright.
“Just tell me what you want, anything you want, and I’ll do it.” Steve gazed up at him, eager to please. To help.
“Please! Please! Oh, please!”
“I can’t imagine what, Sir.”
"Yes Tony." He followed Tony into the elevator, up to the penthouse and into the bedroom.
“Thank you, FRIDAY.” Tony looked down at the two submissives with a devious grin. “James, you have earned four orgasms for yourself. And Steve, assuming my math’s right, you will receive ten ruined orgasms tonight.” Steve covered his face with his hands, prompting a chuckle from Tony. “I’m ready to get started. Up, both of you, into the playroom.”
“I think that’s a good start. You just stay right here while I go check on breakfast.”
"I'd rather be here. With you. Is that alright?"
Steve nodded tiredly, eyes fluttering shut. His entire body ached like he’d run a marathon then gotten into a fist fight. And he still wasn’t done. If he didn’t trust Tony, know what sort of person he was, it would be easy to assume he was needlessly torturing him for his own amusement. The problem was that Steve did know him. And if Tony said that he had to do this, that it was for his own good… Tony might completely ignore his own health and well being, but never anyone else’s. Especially someone he felt responsible for.
Steve watched Tony with trepidation for the next several days, hoping for any hint of what was coming. Each time the genius noticed, he simply flashed a wicked smile and carried on with whatever he had been doing. It was driving Steve crazy. Which was probably the point.
Steve let out a squeak. The slaps were a little harder than usual. Normally the older man worked up to it, knowing he couldn't sustain that level of force for long. Today, he seemed to be having no problems. He writhed on his lap, arching back into the blows, feeling his skin warm. The pain driving his arousal higher, until he was rocking down each time, desperately seeking friction against his cock. "Tony, please? Please?"
“Y-yes alpha…” Steve sniffled, turning his face into the soothing touches.
"Tony!"
The last couple of weeks playing with his anonymous Sir had been fun. Sexy and creative. And he was certain that the mystery man was a terrific person. But he wasn’t Tony. And when it came down to it, that was who he wanted to be with. The way he was frozen in the hallway, unable to leave the other man’s side until he knew he was alright… It wasn’t fair to anyone else.
"Okay. Come on over, sit down. Tell me what's got you all worked up."
Steve nodded frantically, rolling his hips up into Tony’s hand. Tony curled his fingers around him, stroking over the satiny skin, encouraging Steve’s movements. He knew it was more than a little mean to tease him like that, the inhibiting agent would continue working for several more hours. But it was intended to be a punishment. Besides, Steve was gorgeous chasing pleasure with abandon.
"I see." He smirked, a knowing twinkle in his eyes. "You know what changed, don't you baby?"
"I think that would be a good idea. He's afraid. And I can't blame him. If his options on Asgard are worse than on the planet he tried to enslave..."
“A-all over?” Steve couldn’t help the way his voice shook. He couldn’t imagine going through that again.
How are they still not banging yet? This is one of my stories, right? Hopefully soon.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve's eyes widened. "I'm going to make you scream..."
“I liked it.” The words were barely above a whisper.
"Tony!" He scrambled ungracefully over the back of the couch and into the brunette's arms, burying his face into the crook of his shoulder and breathing in his scent. "Jarvis said you weren't due for three more hours."
He let out a slow breath and settled into the sensation of kneeling before the brunette, carefully holding him in his mouth. There was brief movement as Tony pulled out his phone, and then he stilled. Steve closed his eyes, let himself float. He was where Tony had put him, doing as he wanted.
Anger hardened Steve’s features, turning them fierce. “I’m not broken. I don’t need to be fixed.”
The day Tony received a message from Thor announcing his return in a few days, Steve immediately went to find Loki. He didn't see the other man when he reached their floor, which worried him more. He almost always greeted Steve in the living room. A careful search of the floor found Loki tucked into the small space between one of the beds in a spare room and the wall, huddled in on himself in the corner. Steve carefully knelt in front of him, resting a hand on his knee, then flinching. His skin was icy cold. "Jarvis? Get Bruce. Now."
He went back to the penthouse in a daze, tidying up the kitchen and making the bed, without paying attention to what he was doing. He finally settled in to sketch until Tony came home, letting his mind wander and filling the pages with scenes of the two of them together that made him blush and his cock ache once he realized what he was doing.
“No Tony.”
"That's my good boy." The words were followed by a scraping sound, like something heavy being dragged across the floor, but before he could ask, Steve felt a firm pressure against his hole.
The first few days of meetings Steve wandered the city, picking up souvenirs for his friends and marveling at the differences. London was big and loud and so much better after its recovery from the war. He made sure to take a picture with the blue police box outside the Earl's Court tube station, knowing that Tony would enjoy seeing it later.
"He is not going back to Asgard."
"Dinner. Tonight. Seven o'clock. Wear something nice. Maybe that tailored suit, the dark blue one. It should bring out your eyes."
"And those are... Different things?"
Alright. So, my Dom is an evil sadist, so you guys get a new chapter of porn. Amazing how that works. I hope you enjoy!
“We’ve been over this, Rogers. You’re a liability out there. What happens if you go into heat during a fight? Or if an enemy triggers your omega instincts? You’ll be ass up and halfway to happy land, and the rest of us will be screwed. If you hadn’t lied about your gender to SHIELD we wouldn’t be in this mess to begin with.” Iron Man took an intimidating step forward, and Steve could feel himself fall back, give ground. “Go find yourself an alpha who wants you, and stop pretending to be a hero.”
That was a pretty name, Tony thought, it suited her. He remembered the fleur-de-lis and all the meanings attributed to that name and sent his regards to his other dimension's self for choosing such an appropriate name.
love problem taught me is that we shouldn’t wait too long, because we may regret not having tried before. Don’t make the same mistake I did. Go talk to this girl, okay?"
“I'm sorry for being late. I had some problems in the closet.”
"Is there a problem, boss?"
” Steve looked around, as if the lab was a completely new and unknown place. “There's one last smell here, but I can't quite tell for sure what it is.” He looked up at Tony, seeking for confirmation. Tony shrugged and smiled.
“Is that what happened to your Earth?”
"Then if the heat is too much we can go to the beach and enjoy the sea."
