Thinking about it, it wouldn't be a bad move to stay here. The apartment in Queens was a bit of ways from the New York HQ, not that he went there that often, and Mary was still his Handler. Peter would be here, as would Tony, and Bruce. He didn't really have any big attachments to the apartment he was staying out now either. Steve decided that when Tony, or Peter, asked if he would stay here, he would say yes. It was just easier.
"Yes, we're going to Queens," Mary answered first. "It's where I live, and it's where I've set up an apartment for you." She thought about how to answer his first question. "Your choices, are many, but maybe complicated." Even Mary wrinkled her nose at that. "You could always go back into the Army, you could become an Agent with SHIELD, or you could do anything else you wanted. Maybe go to Art school, or volunteer." Steve hummed a little, watching the scenery out the window now.
“Yes and no,” she responded. “Still too early to tell, not enough information. But if Thor’s involved, I’m sure he’ll know how to reverse it.” Steve wasn’t as confident in that statement, but he was confident that he’d find Tony.
“He doesn’t need to be carried,” Tony pointed out. “Also, Wade found him, and now they’re an inseparable force again. We’re all doomed as their force combine.” Tony dropped into an arm chair, then reached out towards Steve, stealing Jamie away from him. She put her head down on his shoulder, yawning lightly. “Speaking of being doomed, where is the Buckster?”
"I do," Steve nodded again. He reached to grab some plastic wrap for the lasagna and cookies. "By choice, before you ask that as well."
Tony let Steve slip his hand into his pocket to pull out the phone. “I don’t know if that last one would work,” Tony muttered a little. “I’d rush out here and you’d be sitting here, not on alert.” Steve hummed, a little smirk on his face. His squeezed Steve’s hand one more time before the door opened. “Thanks for coming with me.”
“You had better think I look good,” Tony reiterated. “Because you are stuck with this.” He motioned his hand up and down his body. Jamie grabbed his hand and set it back down on his leg.
"I would be more than honored to work with Dr Banner," Jarvis spoke up. "I would also inform you that Miss Parker sends word that she will be back after Young Master bedtime, and that he will be watching your presentation tonight." Tony blinked a little. The AI really knew where to strike with using Peter as incentive. "He does love to see you in your element, Sir."
"If you've been working on it for six months and haven't gotten anywhere, what makes you think that I'll be able to figure it out?" Bruce was starting to crumble, Tony could feel it.
The comm unit beeped twice in his ear, the reboot sequence complete. "-to the Tower." He had never been happier to hear Natasha's voice.
"Come on, Captain," she said to him, catching his attention again. "Let's get you to your new apartment, and I'll answer any questions I can. We're gonna take this slow." He nodded and followed her, but knew that he was eyeing every other agents, and probably taking stock of her as well. This was going to be fun.
“Wake up, mini-me, Pops is home.” He smiled when Peter popped up from his position. “Yeah, I thought that would get you.” Tony grunted when Peter crawled over him to get to Steve, groaning when he rolled over onto his stomach. “My aching body.”
"Couldn't be more serious," Tony answered, dropping into the leather chair behind his desk and pulling open some drawers.
“Nah, it’s still cute,” Steve said. “Look at this precious creature, she just wants to be closer to her family.”
The door to Mary’s bedroom was indeed open, and she was sitting up in the bed, awake, and smiling. Jarvis must have told her he was coming, because she looked like she was expecting him. “Steven Rogers, how dare you not be in the city to greet me when I wake up.” Steve smiled at her and took a few big steps to reach her bed, leaning in to hug her.
“Bribes, James, bribes.” She motioned towards the boys that were back to work again. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to work how to dye glass, and entertain the other two babies in this apartment. Sticking you with five kids would probably overload your brain.”
“He came back up from the offices early,” Bucky whispered to Steve, who couldn’t look away from pile of humans on the floor. “Offered to take the kids from us, and you know I jumped at the chance. I came up a few hours later cause I found one of Jamie’s toys and found them like this. I don’t know how Wade can be comfortable like that.”
"Has he mastered rolling over yet? He has genius in his genes, you know." Tony soldered a piece, blew the smoke away and leaned away from his work. "You should look into getting him enrolled in school for next year."
"What's going on Jarvis?" She asked as she started to slip her jacket off. Steve recognized that name as one that Peter often talked about. It was one his Daddy's robots.
Steve watched a blush work up Tony’s neck, coloring his cheeks a little. He pulled Tony down closer to him, planting a soft kiss to his lips. “I’m as sweet on him as the cake we got.” Tony shoved Steve’s shoulder a little, hiding his face in Steve’s neck now. Jamie giggled, patting Tony’s head with her hands, and Steve nuzzled her cheek with his nose.
“So, the suits, they’re a way for you to be prepared for something that might happen?” Danielle asked, not wanting to lose him just yet. She had tried to jump into the Battle early on in their sessions, and had seen Tony experience a panic attack. She was able to pull him out of it, but he wasn’t willing to admit that he needed more help than he thought. You had to move at a certain pace with Tony Stark, a pace that was constantly changing throughout the day.
"I'm hoping just a month," she said. Coulson hummed a little, but nodded. "Could be longer if they're intent on hiding this location."
“It’s not in the books,” Tony answered. He pat the spot on the couch next to him, and Peter seemed to hesitate for a second, before he slid up on the couch next to Tony. “You have a question about Mr Steve?”
“He was gonna get Mom, he even said that he was gonna kill Peter’s Dad. It was stupid, for nothing.” Wade frowned as he thought about it. “He didn’t want Mom to move on, but why should he get any right to us? He hurt us, mentally and physically. He lost any right to us the first time he laid a hand on us.” It almost didn’t seem like Wade was talking to him anymore. “He deserved it, he pretty much demonstrated that down in the basement.” Wade frowned to himself, before seeming to shake it off and looked up at Steve. “It’s not like I wanted to do it. He gave me no choice.”
“This,” Steve said, the smile still in his voice, “is how I know that this is a really good thing that we have. Because a moment like this, I know that this is the real Tony, the one that I’ve heard about from Mary and Peter before I knew that he was Tony Stark or Iron Man. That this person isn’t what the press and general public make him out to be.”
Mary was surprised that Pepper waited until they were in the car to speak to her. "I've met you before," Pepper said as she slid into the backseat of the car, Mary into the passenger seat. Coulson glanced at Mary, but it was a little knowing glance, and that told Mary everything she needed to know.
"Where's Mama?" Peter asked, looking around the room, waving at Coulson who was sitting down. Phil smiled at him, giving a wave back.
“Yeah, well, I’m sure some of the first meetings with Spangles could have gone a bit better,” Tony huffed out. He looked at Mary and saw that her cheeks were turning a bit red. “Don’t tell me that Jarvis showed you the recordings??”
Tony sighed as he flopped on his back on the bed. “Yes, you have to get dressed,” Steve called out from the bathroom. “We’re back in New York, there are people, including our children, around.”
"Sure thing," Tony nodded a little, even if the little boy couldn't see it. "As soon as I get back home, I'll come over. Did your Mom tell you where I was going?"
Tony’s eyes fluttered, and he woke up to a flurried sound of movement, hard thumps, and smacking sounds. He groaned, realizing he was on the ground, and pushed from his lying on his stomach to his side. He saw the kids toys, but didn’t see the babies, and his heart sped up.
Steve’s eyes shot open as his hands gripped the sheets beneath him. He tried to drag in a deep breath, the nightmare still lingering around his mind. His body jerked when fingers dug into his chest. Tony was laying on top of him, his hands on Steve’s chest. “Tony.” He tried to clear his throat when his voice came out weak and raspy, as if he had been screaming. “Tony,” he tried again. When he reached up, his hands touching Tony’s, Tony’s body spasmed then curled up, screaming in pain and he pulled his hands into his own chest.
“Unfortunately, I do. I went through the portal that was created, I saw the army that was there.” Tony took a breath as he tried to push away the thoughts and images that might creep in. “Okay, this sounds crazy to me, but this is the reason that I came here. Also, Steve said that I needed to seek out help….” They both still remember the night that they shared Tony’s nightmare. “I’ve been having nightmares that feel too real. I’m not entirely convinced that they are nightmares, and not visions….”
“And, we’re going to the Star Wars attractions today, and there’s going to be some demonstrations,” Tony continued, hopping a little on his feet with excitement. Steve smiled at him, because this was the big giant nerd that his boyfriend was, coming out right along with his sons’. “And you two will get to learn some cool light saber tricks, and, well, I don’t wanna ruin all of it, but it’s gonna be awesome.” Peter jumped at Tony and he caught him in his arms, picking him up for the biggest of hugs.
Steve had walked into the living room, looking around, then over to the windows where the curtains had been pulled open. He could most of the park, spread for miles, and a smile slowly lifted on his face. Jamie leaned forward to press her hands to the windows as she looked out, too. “It’s really something, ain’t it, baby J?”
Then there was this new threat of Colonel Wilson. Apparently he wasn't all mentally present, and Tony needed to keep Julie and Wade safe. He was sure it was the same thoughts that had spurred Steve into his 'Captain' state. And that wasn't even including the fact that Tony hadn't gotten a decent amount of sleep in the last forty-eight hours at least, and didn't want to stop to think about what he had actually been through while at the Hydra facility. He wasn't ready, not mentally.
“I would question how you came to Svartlheim after I remove the Aether,” Thor told him, and Tony frowned. He opened his mouth to ask what Thor even meant, but found himself gasping again, this time with a shout of pain. The red liquid was being pulled, ripped, from his body, and it wasn’t happy about it. His body jerked forward, then fell to his knees just as suddenly. A large hand landed on his shoulder and he lifted his head up a little to see Thor kneeling in front of him. He had various cuts all over his face, some still sluggishly oozing blood, but he had a faint smile, and there was a red glow coming from the now lidded box. Tony thought Thor was talking, but the words washed over him as he let his head drop against Thor’s arm, closing his eyes and letting himself pass out.
“Stay, baby girl.” He held up the material for the mobi wrap for her to see. “I gotta get your carriage ready.” She clapped her hands together with a smile and kicked her little feet. Tony snorted softly, wrapping the fabric around his chest. “You’re going to be horrible to us in your teenage years aren’t you? That’s the only explanation I can think of for why you’re so well behaved now. Or are the terrible two’s going to be truly terrible?” She babbled softly, as if trying to respond to him, waving an arm when Tony had to adjust one of the straps.
Once the bullets had started flying on one side of the device, the people that were still in their cars had quickly vacated the area. On the other side people were still in their cars, engines idling, and as the barrier grew another foot, Tony caught a strange reading. There a power surge and Tony quickly flew over to where to car was. It was dead, like the others, but what had happened to the disruptors readings when the car entered the field was what had Tony's attention.
Tony slowly pulled one arm away from Steve, rolling gently onto his back. As Tony reached for his phone, still in his pocket, he thought that for once, the blonde wasn't up before the crack of-
Steve walked over and turned Jamie then set her down on her feet in front of Peter, holding onto her hands to keep her up. She tilted her head up to look at Peter and grinned. Jamie tried to pull her hands away from Steve to make grabby hands at Peter. That pulled an
"Did you think you were telling me something new?" Steve asked, still casual in his seat. "I've had some time to really think about this, and I'm positive about this."
"Captain," she said and Tony narrowed his eyes. The man looked at Tony then turned, jogging for the SHIELD jet. "Good job, Stark," Natasha said as the bay doors started to close and the jet lifted up again.
"Why?" Steve felt himself asking, and looking to Bucky, James, now. He felt detached from the moment, like he could wake up at any time, and hopefully find himself back at the Tower, asleep on the couch with Tony and watching Supernatural.
"You planning to step on us?" Fury was talking calmly, like he was just negotiating something, not dealing with another Alien.
"Well, it smells good up here," Steve said as let his fingers trail across Tony's arms as he walked by, headed towards the kitchen, following his nose. Tony smiled and followed him, trying not to be as nervous as he felt.
Light invaded Tony's eyes as the pillow was pulled off his head. He squinted and looked up to see Mary standing above him. Tony pushed himself up to a sitting position on the couch. "Please let this be something small and insignificant," he muttered, moving to pull his tie completely off now. "Five hours of meetings has fried my capacity to deal with anything that isn't either simple, or of an extremely high intellect level."
He heard the dull whoosh seconds before Steve shouted to watch out, and he moving out of the way at the reflection in the glass. Another metal ball, this one as tall as the suit he was in. Tony watched it slam into the building, then start to drop down again. He changed position and flew down next to the ball, watching its descent but stopped short when his HUD flickers and red warnings started to pop up. There was a ripple in air again, and the ball simply vanished. Tony’s eyes widened and he straightened up to rise up in the air.
"It is so refreshing to see that the bad guys are getting a little more smart." Help could come anytime.
He slowly pushed himself up to his knees, sensors on Thor. He seemed to be waiting for him to get up. Tony didn't want to play fair. He turned his hand under him and shot a beam at him, hitting him in the chest and sending Thor back into a tree. Tony was up on his feet now as Thor reached out for his hammer. He started to spin it, raising it up and a very impressive lightning bolt struck. Thor threw it out at Tony, hitting him in the chest, sending him sliding back a couple of feet on the ground, but Tony stayed standing. He had just dealt with someone else who liked to use electricity, this was nothing to him now.
"Tony?" Steve's soft voice pulled his head to the side. He was standing by the crib, Jamie in his arms as she drank from a bottle, Steve helping to keep it up. "You alright, babe?" He walked over, sitting on the edge of the bed.
"Are you pretending to be angry because you don't want to think about what the implications of the presents mean?" Steve asked, and was rewarded with silence. He pulled out a pair of pants, then went to the socks drawer. "Your only family lives hundreds of miles away, and we both know that while they are lovely people, you're not on their list of people to visit for the holidays. It's a half-sibling, and they've got her family, and her husband's family to visit, all in different states."
"He's going to have his own problems to deal with, soon," Tony said, trying to throw the attention off of him. "It's not everyday that the world sees a long lost superhero come back from the dead."
Steve looked down as Vee licked his hand, looking at him with her big brown eyes. His hand turned to scratch under her chin and he let out a soft sigh. “I may have put my foot in my mouth.” He didn’t see it, but he felt the look that Peggy was giving him. “Again.”
"Because it's something that would happen to me," Tony shrugged a little. "Alright, if I can talk to you, which has happened too many time, it's time for you to talk to me." His fingers played with a long lock of hair. "Have you thought about getting a haircut? Peter and I are going to get haircuts sometime soon, you should come with us." Steve gave him a confused smile, like he was unsure how Tony could be serious, then throw in something mundane. Tony found the expression absolutely adorable.
“Sleeping now,” he said. “Wearing off like a bad perfume, and Jarvis has already changed her phone, and phone number, among other things. She should be fine by morning.”
Jarvis lowered the lights a little, and everyone looked over to the lights of the cake now. Jamie gasped softly when she saw her Daddy and Papa, then the candles. Mary got the singing started, and Jamie was clapping when she realized that everyone was singing to her. Bucky held onto her with a smile, lifting her up a little when Steve reached them. He got down to one knee and smiled at her.
"What would the knowledge of his identity changed, Steve?" Mary stared him down. "You wouldn't have told him who you were, and you couldn't talk to him about the only shared subject that you two have. And I'll tell you, even if you had tried to talk to him about Howard, he would have made sure that you never had the opportunity to open your mouth around him again."
“They’re kids, James,” she said, raising an eyebrow at him. “You could always put Jamie with the twins when they wake up.”
“Well, Malibu isn’t actually that much smaller,” Tony told her. “When I had started working on the Iron Man suits, dealing with the unfortunate situation of Vanko, I started making some upgrades and additions to the house, including storage. I made some more plans when we took our family vacation last year as well, knowing I’d need some changes when I went to the house with a Partner and two children.”
"That's a lot of information that I definitely didn't know," Tony commented. Jamie reached out for Steve, distracting him long enough to break the sharp look that he was giving Meg. The little girl seemed to be perceptive of emotions in a room. "Something we should know?"
"Hey, Tony." She raised a hand in greeting. "Orange slice?" As she said it Wade held up a plate that was sitting on the coffee table with various piece of fruit on it. Tony wasn't convinced that he wasn't dreaming at the moment.
Mary nodded solemnly, patting Steve’s shoulder. “You’re a good man to take this on, Steve. I don’t think anyone else would be brace enough.”
"They only thing that he counts as is another name added to the restraining order list," Tony spat. "I did not paint him a pretty picture in that press release."
“I have to take a couple of breaks,” Steve confessed. “Lindsay on Fifty-Two makes some amazing donuts on Wednesdays.”
“Oh Tony,” she murmured and started to rub his shoulders. His body was extremely tense, and he was trying to hide just how much it had affected him. Perhaps it was time that Pepper intervened, at least tried to get Vee visitation rights.
She brought his hand up, holding it with both of hers. "What did you see, Tony?" His eye brows knit together, and he vaguely wondered what she saw in his eyes now. "The Maximoff girl, she got to you." Tony jerked back slightly, enough to tense his body before he could catch him. "I've seen the files, what she's capable of."
"Yeah?" Tony asked, a little more quietly, Steve could hear something in his voice. "It's nice having loved ones so close, isn't it?"
“Hello, Morganite,” the agent greeted immediately, pulling a happy trill from her. “Stark.” When he said his name, Coulson was back to all business. And apparently that business was trying to destroy the world.
Tony fell hard, twisting, with the suitcase, and gasped as his chest, and arc reactor, landed on top of the suitcase. Tony's vision swam a little, but he didn't have time to be reminded that he was a mortal, he needed to get into the suit.
As Steve was stepping back to stand next to Tony, Peter’s hands securely keeping the little girl stable, he was able to catch some of the actress’ words. “Your sister is so cute! She must really look up to you.” Steve had lifted his phone, but was watching Peter closely.
"Daddy makes the best pasta!" Peter exclaimed happily. "He says it's cause his Mama was, um, tally-on."
“’m here,” Tony said quietly to her. He then wiggled his fingers a little and looked up at Steve.  Steve bit his lip a little, and laid down next to him, taking his hand and wrapping an arm around Tony and Jamie. “’m here,” he repeated.
"How long do you think that would take?" Steve asked her calmly. Tony wasn't sure how he could sound so calm.
"Can't break tradition, little man," Tony said softly to him, sitting up with him in his lap. He rubbed his back, and let one hand come up to cup Peter's cheek. He gave Peter a smile, touching their noses together, and he got a shy, sad, little smile in return. "There's my Petey. Go on, get some pancakes. And when you're done, I'll have a surprise for you, okay?" Peter was pretty good about noticing when Tony had a new arc reactor, and he was very interested to see what Peter said this one felt like.
"The board is claiming you have post-traumatic stress," Obie said carefully, and Tony watched him. "They're filing an injunction."
Tony pulled Steve down towards Bruce's lab after breakfast. Steve had been shooting him concerned glances all morning, and he'd known that something had been bothering Tony before he had even come back. He figured he'd better fess up about what he and Bruce had found out. The first part would be easy.
"Sir," Jarvis spoke up and Jamie perked her head a little at the pleasant voice. Steve took advantage to get her to eat a couple more bites of food. "I have news from the hospital. Mrs Fitzgerald has woken up." Tony let out a deep breath of relief, slumping a little in his seat.
"Father?" Steve let out a snort. Tony tensed his body and narrowed his eyes at Steve. "I know guys with none of that worth ten of you."
Tony saw the journal sitting on the counter, and he tried not to tense, but Steve felt it anyway. Their hands tangled together. "I heard that song a couple months ago," Steve started to say, and Tony looked away from the book. "After I was already in DC, after Valentine's Day. Maybe it was because I would have rather have been anyway but in DC at that time, closer to you, but I thought of us with that song." Tony looked up at him. Steve Rogers was incredibly sappy when he wanted to be. "I've been holding onto it for just the right time."
"No, I'm a business man," Tony said with a smile. "I also tried to give you a chance to find out before you and Peter decided to try and make a verbal contract."
Yinsen picked up on this, and the little unsure sound that Tony made, hummed, and nodded once. "So you're a man who has everything," he paused for a second, "and nothing."
"Okay," Peter said a little brightly. He turned his head to look at Tony. "Are you coming Daddy?" Tony's eyes widened marginally before returning to normal and turning his head to look at them.
"You're in cahoots on this, too??" Meg leaned forward, looking at Steve. "You hid that black card that Tony gave you because you don't want to use his money, but now you're actively encouraging him to do something outrageous?"
“What Prince do you think Mr Steve would be?” Peter asked, holding Tony’s hand as they walked past the pools. The light was fading in the sky and the lights inside the pools started to flicker on.
"Stay out here, I know of several people who would rather keep you in one piece, and I want this entrance still guarded, even during an evac," he told her.
"How is he?" She asked immediately. "Jarvis told me what happened, luckily before the reports started coming in."
“Yeah, so don’t make me lose my appetite,” Bucky warned them. “I think Meg tried to do that last night with that show-“
"You have no idea what you're dealing with," Thor countered again. "This is beyond you, metal man. Loki will face Asgardian justice!"
“Among other things. I’d like to get another sample before you leave for California, to compare results. Hopefully we’ll notice the downward shift in growth soon, but I don’t think it’s anything to really worry about. Especially not with you and Steve keeping an active eye on her.”
"Daddy is a weird one," Steve said, looking at Jamie in his arms. "That's why we always ask me before doing what Daddy says." Tony leaned in to Steve, giving him an inquisitive look. "I've decided that you should keep the name Daddy, and I'll take Papa."
This chapter is a lot later than I would have liked, but I ran into some tough family health issues this weekend, and it's still not over. I'm a caretaker for my mother, (much too young, for either of us), and there's a lot of tough decisions up ahead. But, this story, and knowing that so many people love it, is a nice escape for me to get back, too. I'm in love with the characters, I love watching them grow, and helping them grow, because I think that's what's supposed to happen in a long, involved, story such as this one is shaping up to be.
“I for one am glad that she did,” Peggy said strongly. “You have an outstanding child, Howard, and sometimes you can’t see that. Evelyn would not choose to be with anyone that Steve wouldn’t approve of, someone that wasn’t a good person. I think it will be good for him as well. Don’t you dare ruin that, Howard Stark, or so help me-“
“Well, I assuming yes.” Mary caught the wire and quickly started to wrap Meg’s wrists behind her. “I saw a discharged stun gun on the couch, and you on the floor. Looked like it was fired at close range.”
When Natasha told him the assassin had a name, and who he was, Steve felt something heavy in his chest. From everything he heard, there was no way that he or Tony should be alive still. That didn't sit right with him. Then there was their own uncoordinated attack on the highway.
“It would not be in your best interests,” Loki simply said. “I have been here for a while, peaceful existing, breaking my own mental chains.”
"Oh, can we use that one anyway! Everyone needs Justin Timberlake in their life." Mary grinned at Steve's face.
“They did work quickly, didn’t they?” Tony plopped down on the bench, eyes up on the Tower of Terror building. “Be sure to throw in something extra to the ones who worked on them. I think tomorrow is going to be fantastic!”
Then he was reminded why he thought it was time to come. “You’re right, they are the reason that I’m here.”
“What happened?” Steve asked, trying to make sure that Tony was as comfortable as possible. Wanda was gone from the side of the bed.
He slowly, yet still quickly, pushed himself up and away. “Um, well, I’ll just go get changed. Still have plenty of work to do.” He went to walk off, but Arc’s leg stretched out blocking his way. Tony groaned silently. Steve had gotten up from the couch, Vee sitting on the back of the couch, and walked over to Tony, rubbing Arc’s head as well.
Tony ran his hand through Peter's hair. "Remember when Uncle Bruce said he didn't like green that much?" Peter nodded, still looking over Tony's shoulder. Tony stood up carefully, slowly, and turned to face the other two Avengers in the broken room. "That, is the Other Guy that Bruce talks about. But we call him Hulk sometimes.
“Please don’t tell him to stop!” They both blurted at the same time. “This is something that we really wanna do!” Wade continued, big eyes turned to look at Steve. “And I tricked him into it! See, I need to be taught, and I want him to do it. I shouldn’t be able to trick him like that, I’m only ten! I need a mentor!”
"I'm sure Bruce will know exactly what to do," Steve told him, trying to reassure him. "We'll watch her tonight, and Jarvis will be monitoring her, too." Steve ducked his head then. "She, uh, she kind of really looks like me, doesn't she?" He asked with a shy smile, and Tony couldn't help the little laugh that bubbled out of him.
“Look at those,” he motioned to the pictures he had pulled up. He let Steve take the tablet to look at them a little closer.
He was much to close to the street for comfort, but he shot across, gaining enough momentum, and shot back up, letting out a shout of laughter, tinged with relief, and adrenaline. Time to head back home, he thought. The adrenaline would wear off soon, and he wanted to be home before that happened.
"Captain," Natasha said through the com in his ear. "That portal is active, we've got incoming." Steve pressed his lips together, holding Peter more tightly.
“These are the sketches for the sculptures?” Tony hummed and nodded, watching Steve’s face. He liked being able to pick out the differences between Steve’s ‘artist’ persona, and his everyday at home one, and of course the Soldier, Captain America, one. Right now Steve was looking at sketches that Meg had sent over for the commissions that they had talked about several months ago. Tony had nearly forgotten about them to be honest. “These are good. I wonder if she’s made a mock up yet.”
Tony hummed and nodded, closing his eyes again. "Those make me sleepy. I'm okay with this." Steve pushed himself up from the chair and walked over to the bed. He pushed Tony hair gently from his forehead and dropped a soft kiss there. "I'm okay with that, too," he said as he gave Steve a sleepy smile. "I prescribe a kiss every hour, no chance of overdosing." He heard Steve snort softly, then felt his fingers threading through Tony's before nodding off.
Mary and Peter had come over earlier, Peter wanted to make breakfast for Steve, and they spent the morning and some of the afternoon celebrating Steve's birthday. Steve smiled thinking about it; Peter had been so excited, because he got to spend the day with both Steve and his Daddy today. Steve was happy that Tony was finally going to be able to see Peter after a long wait. Maybe now Tony wouldn't be sitting at the playground all the time, and could pick Peter up from school.
Bucky leaned against the door of the car at the school, watching as kids started to trickle out. Parents were closer to the doors, talking to each other, and talking to some of the teachers and staff that came out as well. For some reason though, his eyes were drawn to a woman with braided back blonde hair that was starting to grey. She walked with a slower pace, but with a purpose, waiting for someone. Like half the other adults that were there.
"You and I have two very different definitions of fun, Agent," Tony said. He bit his lip when Coulson reached in for the bullet suddenly. "Can't even count to three?"
"So what happens now?" Meg asked, walking in from the kitchen, handing a bottle to Tony to give to Jamie. "I mean, you have to tell them."
Wade ran over to his Mom when they all got back up to the communal floor. The smell of food was wafting through the air, and the table had been set, complete with pitchers of different drinks. Steve noted that the twins were already seated at the table, he also didn't miss the look that Mary had shot over towards him and Tony. Her and Tony must have silently worked things out, as was something that he noticed they did a lot when it came to things involving Peter, because she was wrapping Peter up in a hug when he ran over.
Tony looked at the guest room, leaning against the door jamb, taking in the current decor and layout. It was right by his room, the Master Bedroom.
“Your heart started to beat faster when you got excited,” Bucky said, voice giving away that he had actually been taking a nap. “You were trying too hard to scare me.”
“You enjoy it!” Tony laughed and elbowed Steve’s arm. “You’ve been back for almost three years, you bum.”
"Hey, no one's listening in on this call," Tony assured him. "I had Jarvis make the call, and I've made some upgrades to my beloved since we've last talked."
"Nah," she shook her head, shrugging a little, taking a couple steps towards the front entrance. "I was just gonna order something to go, honestly."
Careful hands gripped the metal on either side, and slowly started to pull. Steve felt a little resistance, and he tried not to think about what was happening. When Tony was finally free of the odd device, he took a gasping breath. Steve saw the fine pinpricks of blood around his mouth and on his lips, then looked inside the gag and saw the metal burrs.
“That’s it,” Bucky said, watching Rowan crawl to the other side of the little table, trying to help her brother push the blocks around. “I’m going to teach her to say Wade’s name first now,” Bucky said and Tony’s head whipped back around to look at him. “Oh no, you know what, I’ll get her to say Fury’s name first.”
“That hurts, right here,” Tony looked at her, tapping his arc reactor. “Oh look, home sweet home.” Tony reached forward to poke Peter’s shoulder as Steve turned his head to look out the window. His eyes widened a little when saw the gate opening, and the beginning of the mansion showing up down the drive. “Hey kiddo,” Tony said as Peter lifted his head. ”Looky loo.”
Steve’s breath stuttered a little. “I saw one of his nightmares,” Steve said slowly. “They did something to his hands, and it looked like they were traveling, or-“
"Yeah, she's going to need our help," Steve continued the conversation when Tony paused for a bit. "But, that doesn't mean that we don't love you any less. And I bet if you helped, she'd learn faster."
Tony nodded a couple times, then turned to head down the hall, Peter in tow. He opened the door to Mary's room, saw that the bed was still made, a few clothes laying on the chest at the end of the bed, but for the most part it was clean of anything else. The glow from Tony's arc reactor was visible through his shirt in the dark, and he didn't have to turn on the light to see around the room because of the glow.
“I don’t actually have time to give you a lecture that you’ll no doubt ignore.” Jarvis seemed to be operating enough to give Steve a location of the phone that Hilda was using. Then the signal jumped, showing a different location, then again.
“I’m confident,” Bruce interrupted a little loudly, and Tony just grinned, “that her brain is also experiencing a similar accelerated pattern.”
“Oh, it’s totally a thing. Of course,” Tony pulled out and into traffic, “now I feel like I’ve overhyped these plans of mine.”
It wasn't until Mary showed up that Tony knew what he was going to do. She was carrying in a still tired looking Peter, his backpack in her hand, diaper bag over her shoulder. Tony saw the Captain America shield on the back of Peter's jacket and was hit with an epiphany.
"He might do it to other Mama's, though," Peter said. He had clearly thought about this. "Phil will come get me."
“Tony, were you going to tell me that you were in California? Much less at Disneyland?” She asked, sounding unimpressed and tired already.
"I'm sure you didn't want to talk to me about bad family values," Tony told him, moving fully into the hallway now. He told Peter he'd be right back.
"Jarvis has eyes on the hospital for a five miles radius," Steve added in. "He and Peter rode in one of the armored cars as well, one that Jarvis can access remotely."
“Not a thought in the world about doing that,” Steve assured him. “Yeah, I love your Daddy very much. Plan on sticking around him, and you, for a long time.” Peter gave him a shy little smile.
"The bedrooms are down this way," Tony said as he walked down the first hallway to the right. Tony had always liked his bedroom to be at the end of the hallway, far away from anyone else that might have been staying there, but when he moved back there, and Peter had seen the place, he had instantly claimed the first bedroom, and insisted that Tony take the room right next door to him. Peter claimed that if he was closer to his Daddy, and the living room, then the monsters in the night couldn't get him. The hallway was too long to travel, the little boy had insisted, giving monsters too much time to catch him. Tony had been unable to say no.
Tony watched Strucker coming back towards the lab, a woman with dark hair, and a nasty glare in her eyes, walking behind him. He suddenly thought of the 'Human Experimentation' part of Strucker's file. He opened the door and allowed the woman to walk in, then closed it, leaving the two of them alone. She looked young, maybe in her teens, early Twenties.
There were a couple minutes of silence as she looked through the paper, Tony quietly sipping his coffee. Julie looked at him when she was done. "You can do that?"
"There will one day be an epic battle of the sexes," Rachel declared. "And then, you will understand where you went wrong when you are defeated."
“As per usual, you beat all odds, Stark,” Bucky fired back playfully. Tony grinned, almost preening, and Bucky rolled his eyes. “This one, it had to be this one, Stevie?”
Julie was holding onto baby Rowan, while Rachel was cooing over baby Conor in her arms. Mary stood between them, glancing down the road. "You three look like you're about to spring a trap," Tony said as he walked over to them. "Dangerous."
It was soon assumed that the rest of the Avengers would be taking up residence in the Tower as well, and Tony started to greet them as they arrived. Natasha swept onto her floor, pausing to greet the group, and receiving a happy head bump from Jet. Clint had followed soon after, but he wasn’t allowed to meet the crew yet.
"I love promises from Captain America." Steve snorted softly and the call disconnected. He closed his eyes and threw an arm over his face. Steve Rogers was tired.
Bucky was waiting on the roof as the quinjet landed, shoulder leaning against the wall. He ignored the looks he got from Clint and Natasha as they walked past him and into doors that led to one of floors designated for the Avengers, and for Coulson and Mary’s work in rebuilding new SHIELD. Steve stepped off the jet and raised an eyebrow when he saw Bucky, pulling his cowl off and rubbing his hair with his hand, shield on his back.
Steve walked over to Tony eventually, kissing the back of his neck. “I didn’t know you actually played.”
“This is like watching a whole new Rogers,” Sam piped up as he took a drink from his glass. “All manners, and language over here. Where was all that in DC?”
Tony closed his eyes as he flew through the Leviathan, blowing it up from the inside, and he didn't want to think about how much cleaning the suit was going to need. There was a faint blue glow behind his eyes.
Tony turned his head to look at Steve, studying him, before nodding. "Yeah, I have to agree. Good job calling that one, Petey." Peter grinned. "But, if he's New Hope Skywalker, that means he would get a blue lightsaber?"
“I’ll give you a rub down later,” Steve said with a smirk, letting out a small ‘woof’ of air when Tony managed to elbow his stomach.
The Other started to lean in towards Tony, but he was already shoving, pulling himself away from the six-fingered hand that had grabbed him. Tony moved backwards, as quickly as he could, rolling again and getting her feet, pushing himself off as he stumbled a couple of times. He wasn’t going to be caught here again, Steve, Peter, and Jamie were out there, he had heard the shouting. And he sure as hell couldn’t let anything else get to them.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, pulling him into his chest, feeling him press back against Steve. "Then talk to me, Tony," Steve whispered back to him. "Just please, talk to someone, I can't watch you go through this much pain, not when I know what it feels like." Tony gripped Steve's shirt in his hands tightly and he let out a shuttered breath. Steve's hand moved up and down his spine, his arms tucking him into Steve's warm body.
“We absolutely can. Let’s dish about why you’ve been working on so many different suits.” Tony let out a groaned and leaned back, slouching down on the couch. “We both know that you would have fought Steve more on coming here if there wasn’t something happening.”
"Doesn't sound like you'll be doing that when you get home," Yinsen said with a little smirk. Tony nodded. He sure as hell would change that
“Tony?” Steve pressed a finger to the comm in his ear, freezing the image to get a view of the license plate. “Please tell me you have Jarvis up and running? I need to track a license plate.”
"I'm not sure, if you find them let me know. They were kind of expensive." He crossed his ankles. "We're used to deal with a lot. But that's also why you might find yourself babysitting Peter and Jamie, and probably Wade, more often." He held up a finger when she opened her mouth. "You have an extra set of hands to help, so babysitting isn't so hard now."
“Shush, dear, we’re psychoanalyzing you to compare you to a fictional character.” Tony reached over to pat his head, and Steve rolled his eyes. “Are we sticking to classic Disney? Just Princes, or Heroes as well?”
"Do you think that the assassin is working with the scientists?" Tony asked, taking his phone back. "Or is it just another threat on a never-ending list of enemies?"
Wade stared at Steve for a second, slowly raising an eyebrow. “So, if you don’t have to kill the dude, then you won’t? That’s what you were trying to say?” Steve snorted a little and nodded. “What about if someone’s trying to hurt you, for no reason? I mean, like, is there ever a reason that it’s okay to kill someone?”
"You're probably going to be feeling sore for a bit," Bruce told her, eventually having to stop Tony from putting too many pillows behind her. "But, no worries, we have a plan for that."
Wade leaned against Steve’s side, and Julie was back to talking at normal levels, but Steve could hear Todd inside trying to calm her down. Bucky had mentioned that she was upset with the school, and he would leave Tony to deal with that as well. Wade didn’t say anything for a while, just leaning again the Super Soldier. “What’s gonna happen?” Wade nearly whispered, Steve’s enhanced hearing just picking it up.
"Do you wanna keep holding him like that?" Tony had almost forgotten that Steve was there until he spoke. "Peter, I mean. Did you want to put him down in his bed? You're looking kind of tired yourself."
Steve gave him a look that said they would be talking about the implants when they weren’t doing their superhero jobs. “Alright, well, not that Iron Man is suited up-“
“Capt- -stems seem to be- -come back to- -reboot needed. Sir-“ Jarvis was stuttering on the other end, static creeping up. Izzie was saying something else and Bucky looked ready to run into the school.
“No, his Aunt came. I was in the office, getting the fliers from the office when she signed him out.” Steve’s phone started to ring and he grabbed it, not looking away from Izzie.
“That was fast,” Tony muttered as they approached the car. He unlocked it, watching Steve move past the paps to his own door, and they got inside.
“I was promised lunch and cake," Rhodey said, smiling at the promise of food. "Plus, I get to see the squirt again." Peter giggled softly when he knew that Rhodey was talking about him. Tony smiled. He would be happy if he only just got to spend a few hours with Peter, it would make his birthday worth it.
"I've still got some work to take care of, and so does Daddy," Peter nodded a little as he spoke. "Tell you what though, we'll go down there again this year, yeah? Maybe over to Disney Land instead. It'll be the three of us, and maybe we can get Wade's Mom to say yes again."
"Yeah, I'm here," Tony replied quietly. "Um, I was going to say that I've got a jet waiting for you." Steve could hear the exhaustion and sadness in Tony's voice. He was in need of rest as much as Peter had been, maybe more so. Tony had gone straight from the trouble at the Stark Expo to the trouble with Loki, and Bruce had mentioned something about his arc reactor to Peter back at the medical site. "I'll fly you both as close as I can, the air is a no-fly-zone around New York at the moment. There'll be a driver waiting to take you the rest of the way here. I'll have a room set up right next to,..." Tony drifted a little before saying Mary's name. "I'll have everything set up. Peter’s sleeping right now, and he's fine, I made sure of that. I have Jarvis monitoring him, as well-"
"Kay, Mama!" Peter grabbed his bag, still holding onto his sketchbook and was halfway to his room before he doubled back. "Thank you, Grandma and Grandpa." The doting grandparents peppered him with hugs and kisses before Peter ran back for this room.
"I also talked to Bruce." Steve stared at her blankly for a second. "I didn't know that Tony took you to see Howard's office."
“I hope not, but I’m not going to count out anything.” His eyes flickered over towards Meg, then back at the tablet. “I have no reason not to think that Hydra is behind this, and that maybe, Aunt Hilda is a little closer than we would like.”
Tony stopped suddenly when he saw who was coming up the walk-way, from the front gate no less, and who Rachel was moving to intercept. George Hayes. This had the potential to get really bad, really fast. He had to diffuse the situation. Tony looked at Steve, who had almost bumped into him when he had stopped, and pointed at Rachel.
"You know it's the right call," she answered back right away. "We don't need Stark's approval to leave the Tower."
Rhodey watched him for a few moments, watching as Tony threw himself into this, like he did with most projects, but there was something different about him this time. "You know what the weirdest thing is right now?" Tony hummed, but didn't look over at him. "Is watching you actually act like a Dad, with responsibility, and all that. Have you even had a drink, yet?"
The ride itself wasn't too exciting. Tony took his own sedan, finally getting one so he didn't have to keep borrowing the town car form Happy, and took other exit from the underground garage, where they would be seen by practically no one. Wade and Peter were in the back, playing a game together on one of Tony's tablets, and Steve was in the passenger seat. All the bridges were open again for traffic, and heading into the city were a lot of trucks carrying supplies, and volunteers mostly, and it made Steve smile a little to see everyone coming together. He wished that he could do more, to be out there helping everyone, but public opinion was split about the Avengers, about whether they had actually done more damage with their actions, or if they were even safe to have around. He didn't need to be a reason to set back any of the efforts.
"He does a lot of the house work, too. I help him when I can if he's outside." She lowered herself into the chair in the living room, Steve taking a seat on the small couch, pulling Tony down next to him. "He made some meatloaf and mac and cheese to thank Steve and me for shoveling his sidewalk and driveway." Steve raised his eyebrows at her. "I was directing you." Steve snorted.
"Of course, Sir." Blue holographic screens popped up behind the computers and Bruce walked over to study the notes.
"They won't get there in time if it's actually Hydra that followed," Tony told her. He checked the map, Jarvis showing that he was about to cross state lines into Maryland. "I can get there in a matter of minutes. Try and get back in touch with Rogers. He was right, she's a civilian, not equipped to handle what we do every day."
“Means, I have to change all security measures, at the very least.” Tony sounded more than annoyed. “I’m still digging into what kind of information they might have gotten, and who even did-“
“Are you boys coming to eat?” A voice called out down the hall, and Steve lifted his head. “I know I didn’t slave over a hot stove to be ignored!”
Tony's jaw dropped a little, but he quickly recovered. "That was very specific, even down to a specific kind of fabric." Tony narrowed his eyes a little at Steve, watching the man smirk a little. Then it clicked. "You little cheater! Now who has the unfair advantage? You've gotten all your answers from Mary and Peter!" Steve couldn't help it and started laughing, bending over as he laughed harder with each second. Tony bit his lip, but couldn't help it for long and joined in the laughter.
Tony was sitting on the couch now, running his hands through his hair. "But, this man wasn't discharged by Wilson?" Steve asked, pacing behind Tony. He was pacing in front of him, then Tony had growled because he was setting him on edge. Bucky was holding on to Jamie, out in front of him, letting her legs dangle, both of them staring at each other. "Wilson was his CO, though."
There was a grinding noise that had Tony turning around. He saw the assembly unit stalling, a couple sparks. "Apologies sir, but the assembly unit has not taken the calibrations for the new suit." Tony swore under his breath and walked over to the platform.
"It was definitely the spying, and the lying," Tony nodded. The door to Mary's room opened a little bit and Natasha turned, walking into the room to join Barton. Tony let out a huff through his nose and leaned against the wall.
Tony looked at Rhodey, his expression serious, no room for error, no misinterpretations. "You are the only one allowed to use the suit." Rhodey blinked. "I trust you, Rhodes, whole-hearrtedly. And I won't let any other person into this suit." Tony turned back to the Mark II, putting a hand on the chest piece. "This suit, it's a weapon in their eyes, and they'll use it in ways I never want to see it used. I'm trying to destroy the Merchant of Death, but I can't if i think for even a second if I'm going to be manipulated, again." Tony tried not to think of Obidiah.
Tony could hear the excited laughter coming from the room before he even reached the door. Tony knocked twice before opened the door. Peter and Wade were jumping on the bed that was in the room with their pants and shirt on, while Steve was sitting in the corner chair, still in his clothes from when he woke up, looking exhausted.
“I don’t think that’s how it works, Stark,” Bucky said with a raised eyebrow. “We’ve got years of friendship going for us. Unbreakable bonds of friendship!”
Steve just shrugged, picking up his fork again. "I'm Captain America." Tony let out a laugh, that quickly turned into a cough, but Steve was right there helping him.
"We've always had it," Strucker told him. "Read it." He turned and left the room, Wanda trailing after him. Tony glared at them, but looked back down at the journal. He slowly turned the pages, eyes skimming over equations, and inventions, weapons that had eventually been produced by Stark Industries.
“Do you have cameras that get any view of the street?” Steve asked the security guard. “The parking lot, or street parking? Anything that might get a view of cars driving by?” The guard nodded as he leaned over to bring up the footage. Steve was trying not to tap his foot too much, or break something with the mix of anger and anxiety he was feeling.
"Make sure everyone stays on point." She nodded and he headed inside the lab. Mary took a breath and turned around, taking in all the movement around her. Hopefully they would shut this down, get the placed evacuated, and she would be back before morning. It would be Saturday, and that meant pancake day.
“I am unsure, Sir. The hit registered on the shields.” Jarvis’s voice sounded in the room instead of inside of the helmet, now. “I would suggest that perhaps this be explored. It would seem to be a deliberate attempt-“ Jarvis cut off when a small tremor ripple through the floor.
Tony turned to look at Steve, the supersoldier's eyes widened in surprise. "That's not even the best part. I'm sure Jarvis told you about this?" Tony tapped his chest, the arc reactor, and Steve nodded a little.
"Oh, hell yeah," Steve nodded. "Yeah, kind of can't be ignored how deep Hydra really was." He kissed the end of Tony's nose. "But, that's not here or now."
His own chest was bobbing up and down as he tried to get in as much air as possibly through his nose, not daring to think about moving his mouth away from the man under him. The way that Steve's tongue was mapping every inch of Tony's mouth was sending too much information to his brain, too much to feel, to properly sift through.
Tony watched Steve in the art room with all three kids that day, watched as he tried to keep Jamie trapped between his feet while he worked with Peter and Wade on color theory, and colored pencils. Jamie had pieces of paper in front of her and crayons in her hands, mostly content to work on the floor, sometimes growing curious enough to want to see what the boys were working on.
The assassin pulled back at the same time Tony pulled, and the gun was pulled apart. Tony couldn't help but smirk a little and he threw a fist, catching the man in the face with the metal of the gun in his hand. He touched the blood on his cheek briefly before throwing a metal elbow into Tony's face, and he heard the crunch of bone. As he gripped his nose a flesh and bone fist was thrown into his chest and Tony actually felt his feet leave the ground as he went back several feet, landing in the snow. Steve landing a kick to the assassin's chest before Tony hit the ground, driving him backwards
"There's a new uniform in the trunk," Coulson said, somehow knowing exactly what Steve needed. "I think you'll like this one." Steve just raised an eyebrow and nodded, sprinting out the door. With Coulson's car, and breaking several traffic laws, he could get to the Expo in under fifteen minutes.
“Like you had the upper hand in that duel with Stark?” Bucky was smirking at Steve, an open challenge.
He could hear the frown in Bruce's voice. "It's killing you? How is it killing you? What's it running on? Are you getting radiation waves from it?" That would be Bruce's first guess, but Tony couldn't exactly be surprised from the man that had somehow managed to survive being bathed in Gamma Rays.
"Then you showed up on Valentine's Day two years ago, with cupcakes and chimichangas." Tony smiled softly, remembering the disaster those first cupcakes had been. Until Steve came and saved the day. "I couldn't help but think to myself, 'This can't be Tony Stark. Stark would never be caught cooking to help anyone, much less some kid, give back a present.' And the food was pretty decent. The cupcakes were delicious."
"I didn't tell him anything," Tony grumbled, looking back down at his phone. "Like I said, I went on three dates with the guy, and it was a mistake. He wanted the prestige of saying that he slept with Tony Stark, and when I didn't give that to him, he got mad." Tony sighed, swiped the video away. As he did his phone rang, Pepper's picture popping up on screen.
"I don't wanna hear anything!" Sam called out to them as he walked past the kitchen. Tony couldn't control which finger he sent in reply.
"I don't have enough legs to be a spider." Peter giggled a little. Tony wrapped an arm around Peter's waist, tickling his sides as he pulled him down into his lap. Peter giggled, kicking his feet a little as he left the bed. He snuggled into Tony's chest, laying on his side in Tony's lap. Tony's arms wrapped around his son and kissed the top of his head. He wasn't paying attention to how Mary's parents were watching him, or the soft smile on William's face.
"Interesting device you got there," Tony said conversationally. He knew that Clint had probably seen him go in, and he would relay the information. Help would come soon. "What exactly are you looking to power?"
"I can't tell if you actually need to look, if you're just coming up with an excuse to check me out." Steve gave Tony a cheeky smirk and Tony's mouth almost dropped open a little.
"I did," she said, making her way directly over to Peter. Tony was sure that she had seen, and heard, what happened. "We didn't break any glass though."
"And then you declared yourself to be a superhero? Yes, that information made it out of the US." Oh good, Bruce knew the basics.
"Every Stark needs their first "Little Scientists Kit"," Tony urged as Rhodey leaned over to look at what was on the tablet.
They stepped out of the small room, seeing people scramble about, treating as many people as they could, taking overflow from hospitals, who were only taking seriously injured patients at the moment. Tony saw Steve standing as a doctor left his side. He was only in the blue pants and red boots, a white t-shirt on, and the shield by his feet.
He quickly slid out of the humvee, trying to ignore the unsteadiness of his legs, the shake in his hands. He looked around, eyes lighting on one of his guns on the ground and grabbed it. Tony tried to fire it, tried to reload it, but it wouldn't budge. Cursing, he threw the jammed weapon to the ground.
'He will make you suffer. You will know loss, destruction. He will destroy all that is yours, as you have destroyed what was his.'
"To Phil?" Mary nodded to him. "Yay!!" Peter put his arms up in the air, a grin on his face. Tony was still blinking, face carefully blank. He put Peter down and the little boy ran over to hug Mary, then Phil around the waist.
"We'll get that information to SHIELD, maybe they have something in their databases about an enhanced assassin." Steve sighed after a second before practically slumping down in a chair. "Yeah, you're not getting that knife back, by the way," he told the woman next to him.
"If they had been casing the building, they would have seen that Tony was the only one here," Clint added. Steve swore silently, crossing his arms over his chest. "Do you think they were responsible for the incident with the animals? Or just using it to their advantage?"
Tony grinned and sat down on the floor in front of the bag, Mary lounging on the couch, watching them with a smile. It was a tall bag, but not very heavy. Tony pulled out a big presentation notebook and put it in his lap. When he opened it he saw that there were drawings tucked into the clear sleeves. The first one was of, Tony assumed, Peter. They were better than stick figures, something that one would probably expect to see from a 6 year old. Tony could see why Peter liked coloring and drawing so much; he was very good at it.
“Don’t talk about my sweet precious coffee like that,” Tony looked at her, scandalized. “He’s right here,” he stage whispered. Mary just rolled her eyes and started to roll backwards in the wheelchair.
“That’s, something we don’t need,” Steve let out a sigh. “I’d want eyes on Hilda as quickly as possible, we don’t need another Hydra resurgence right after exposing them. And we don’t need her making contact with Hydra over in Europe, or even Strucker.”
Tony raised an eyebrow at him, but didn't stop, another depleted core was calling his name, and a refill on his very unflavorful, life-saving, green liquid. Tony took his time going down the stairs, feeling a bit of the fatigue starting to hit him. He'd need to conserve what he had until the new core kicked in, which would probably be int he middle of dinner.
Steve pouted and Tony smirked, bouncing Jamie around. “Nothing too horrible, which is why he’ll get the chance to make it up to me.”
"Keep going!" Tony pushed. He was so close, he could handle a little ice. Jarvis kept the warnings up, but Tony kept the power going to the boots and gauntlets. "Higher!" Maybe he should have paid a little more attention to just how much ice was building up. He thought this briefly when the power shorted out on the HUD, and suddenly power sputtered from the boots, and then the gauntlets. He fluttered in the air, swinging his limbs around before he started to fall.
"Heavy lifting?" Bruce raised his eyebrows. "Aren't you supposed to be doing the unveiling of the Stark Tower concept in, like an hour?"
"Do we go to the safe room?" Peter asked quietly, and Tony nodded. He took Tony's hand, holding onto his tightly as they stood up.
Tony focused, focused on the thought of Peter and pulled himself across the floor of the workshop. The floor was filthy, he really should clean up. Focus, Tony, arc reactor! He was almost there, it was there, on top of the counter top, all he had to do was grip it, with, his, fingers-
"Yeah!" Peter grinned and slid off the stool, running over to the fridge to pull out a bag of shredded cheese.
Steve pulled Tony close, as close as he could, not moving their hands. He leaned his head against the top of Tony's, pressing his lips to Tony's forehead. Tony let out a choked sob, no longer able to keep it in. "I saw you dead. It was my fault. I killed everyone, and you were there, I watched the life leave your eyes." He felt Steve's hand tighten around his. "I didn't do enough, I let everyone down. You were dead."
"Well, he'll share a room with me," Tony told him, and he ignored the way Wade's nose wrinkled. "You still got your room, that won't change. It's just that Mr Steve will be up there now, too, when he isn't working. And that doesn't mean that we still can't have our father son time, like we do down in the workshop-"
"Keep me updated-" Tony was cut off, frowning when he heard a subdued 'boom' from outside. "I'm not see anything in the reports about this, but did you guys hear something about the experiments being able to explode?" Tony was already on the move back up to the penthouse.
Tony knocked on the apartment door once, before pushing the door open, setting a big basket down by the door before shutting it. He grinned when there was an excited squeal. "Hey, Petey! Aw man, did Mom put that party hat on you?" He walked over to where Peter was on the floor, surrounded by his new presents from his earlier party. Mary was in the kitchen, cleaning up paper plates and wrapping paper.
“Are we talking about Peter and Wade’s inevitable future together?” She asked as she walked over to them, the boys behind her still talking, sharing everything they both did while apart.
"Where do you want it held?" They could hear Pepper typing, and papers shuffling. Tony glanced up at Steve and Rachel for a second, taking a second to think.
"I'm sorry to interrupt, Sir, but Mrs Fitzpatrick is calling." Jarvis had entered the interruption game.
Tony felt like he had been punched in the arc reactor. It was crushing his chest, breaking his ribs, destroying his lungs, the shrapnel having a clear path towards his heart. "Does it burn? Every time you go to help out, that my son would still prefer me? Does it remind you of everything that you'll never have?"
"An absolute menace." Tony swiveled his head around to look around the house again. "You can keep her around."
Peter tossed and turned in his bed, clutching to his stuffed animal. He let out a little whimper before he opened his eyes, a few tears falling to his pillow. Peter sat up, stuffed cat to his chest. "Daddy," he murmured quietly.
Thank you to everyone! Here's a longer chapter, with cuteness galore. Since it's Valentine's Day, I've stuck Tony and Steve together, with Peter, with Peter being adorable. Also, in the next starts, I start messing with the canon (even more) of the Marvel Movies, specifically Iron Man 2 and Avengers. It's gonna get fun.
"I was hoping, Stark," Fury said as he walked into the room, "that you might join Dr Banner in searching for the cube."
"Yeah, that's just previews." Tony's hands were moving again, smacking against each other, his mouth moving a mile a second. "This is opening night. And Loki, he's a full-tilt diva, right? He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered-" Tony's stopped, his eyes widening. Steve raised an eyebrow.
"Har har, but you're not wrong." Tony opened a drawer and took out the small bottle of pain-killers he had gotten from the hospital. "But, neither is he. They'd be closer, and she wouldn't have to worry about getting Wade over here when she goes to the hospital. It would probably be a little easier on them financially, as well. Single mother and all that."
Tony ran his hand through Peter’s hair and nodded. “Yeah, he does. He was driving the limo that we were in.” Peter smiled and leaning his head against Tony’s shoulder. “What are you all doing here anyway?” Tony asked the others. “Not that I’m not very happy about this, but-”
Steve bit his lip and sat down in one of the chairs next to her bed. "My Mom used to tell me that you should talk to people in a coma," Steve said quietly. "She believed that they could hear those that talked to them, swore up and down that it could help them wake up. I know your body still has to heal, but thought it might be nice to hear a familiar voice." Steve just felt that talking to her was the right thing to do. "A lot of stuff happened that you missed. Peter's alright, and so is Tony. At least, I think he is. You know him better than me, and he didn't look the least bit happy when he found out who I actually was. There's a strain there, obviously, and we both said some stuff. I'm not proud of what I said, and I wish I could use the excuse that an evil scepter made us say it. I'm still not sure, yet. This was something that not even you could have trained me for."
"You're the best, J," Tony said from his spot. "I think I'm gonna stay in my bed for a bit. Just as soon as I get up."
"I do not believe for a second that you've learned all your lessons, and you're suddenly a good little boy," Tony said with a glare directed at the dark haired man. "And what exactly is an Arbiter?"
"I'm so sorry, buddy, I'm sorry." Tony rubbed his back, running his other hand through the little boys hair. "I tried to get back to you sooner."
"But with this new element, I can implement it in the Tower's Arc Reactor, too!" Tony exclaimed. He was antsy, he had something to create! "I can make that one year estimate tenfold, at least!"
"Like you don't have one in your car, already," Tony said, eyebrow raised. "Also, I'm giving you the most important task, right next to saving my handsome ass from a desert, of taking me to pick up Peter." Rhodey raised both eyebrow, a little surprised. "I can't take any of my cars, and I can't ask Happy. If the press sees my car, even the town car leave, they'll follow and they'll see Peter."
"Don't bring yourself down," Steve said cutting him off. "It hasn't been that bad, not since things have calmed down."
"She, ah, just got her last night." Steve smiled at Jamie, watching her work out the basics of crawling, moving her arms to prop herself up. "Her name's Jamie."
Steve laughed and reached over to pull it back off of her face. “Your Daddy is insistent that you not remind him that he’s getting old.” He heard Tony’s mock gasp behind him. “He’s Thiry-Five now!” He stage whispered, and laughed when Tony pushed his back.
"You're not the only one feeling like this, Tony. I wish I could have stopped what happened, could have stopped them from taking you, but I got you back." Steve took the last step forward, hands gently taking Tony's wrists, and he felt the man tense a little, wanting to run away. He let out a little breath when Tony instead reached up to let his hands slide against Steve's cheeks. "We can help each other, that's how this works, it's why we're moving in together."
“Now, that, I know you don’t believe in.” Strange led him through a room that held dozens of artifacts on stands and inside glass cases.
“Then roll on your back and pick up the baby,” Tony said with a soft chuckle. “We don’t have to physically get up, someone just needs to wake her, and preferably the boys, up from a nap. Go on, Papa, do your parental duty.” Steve grinned against Tony’s skin when he said Papa, something warming in his chest when Tony reminded him that he actually was a parent now, and a parent with Tony no less.
"You do," William nodded and Tony's expression deadpanned. "But I bet you looked worse yesterday. Peter needs you." Tony's resolve hardened at that statement, and he nodded. Peter needed him, and he'd be damned if he let that boy down.
"I'm thinking you didn't read the information all the way through," Meg panted out as she tried to block and avoid Natasha's hits.
Tony gasped and shot up, the illusion disappearing and reality snapping back into focus. His chest was heaving, body searching for breath, and sweat was dripping down his face and down the back of his neck. He spotted the woman and started to lunge towards her, but the cuffs let out another shock and he tumbled to the ground.
"We need to warm you up," Tony said softly. He moved Steve back onto the bed, directing him to lay on his side instead of his back. Steve tracked him as he walked to the closet, pulling out some extra blankets that were in the back. He wanted to help Tony, knew it would only be right to help him, but his body didn't want to move. Tony pulled the blankets on the bed over Steve, then shook out another blanket, draping it on top, and then one more time.
"You said that you wanted something more casual, and small," Tony said. "I've got little suit jackets on the boys, and we all compromised by wearing Chucks." Tony rocked on his feet, and when Mary looked down she saw that both Tony and Steve were also wearing Converse sneakers. Tony grinned back at her, hands in his pockets.
Fluff, so much fluff. Your teeth will rot. You have been warned. Little bits of Angst, determined Tony, Sassy Steve, adorable Peter, cute Wade, and fluff.
Tony ran his hand through Peter's hair as he slept. Although he would never admit it, Tony thought that the Tower felt a little empty now that half of the house guests were gone. He had kind of gotten used to regular meal times, with the dining room full of people, running into people randomly throughout the day, talking with Steve.
Tony saw the emotions flitting through Steve's eyes when he looked at him, and Tony felt vaguely uncomfortable. There was sympathy, pity, and understanding? Tony took a couple breaths. Had he really showed Howard's office to Steve, he had talked about his life with him. What was he thinking? He had let Steve practically hand him something. Mary couldn't even hand him stuff. He needed to get out of here. Tony turned, shutting the door, hiding the alcohol once again, the temptation gone, and he headed for the door.
“Do Hydras count as dragons?” Tony actually giggled when Steve lightly punched his arm, the doors opening to their floor.
"No one said that it was going to stop, but it can get easier to deal with," Steve continued. He stepped in front of Tony to block his path to the elevator. "Coping mechanisms, and talking-"
Mary wished she would have moved a little faster, or maybe that Fury had been able to stall them a little longer. She thought that hopefully Phil and Steve would help Tony with pancake day, she might have a couple of broken bones after this one. She of course thought of Peter as the cement around the car crackled and fell, blocking the tunnel, instantly stopping the car and slamming her into the airbag with too much force, her vision going black.
“I’m not surprised that a traitor like you would be standing up for that scum.” Clint spit in front of him, keeping eyesight with Bucky. That had both Super Soldiers tensing in anger.
"If it's collecting energy while powering itself, then I wouldn't want us touching it either," Tony said as he pushed back a third car. His sensors alerted him to the barrier growing another foot. "We'll have another power sustaining device on our hands, and I could think of several horrible ways to use it all. Specially if the energy can be converted."
“I have too many ideas,” Steve corrected. “All those visits to museums and libraries with the boys gives me time to see all the opportunities for date ideas.” Tony’s hands were rubbing gently against his arms, as if trying to warm him up. Steve didn’t stop him, afraid that it might make him think about how cold he had been in the nightmare. “I have to make it special though, so I have to parse the ideas down.”
"Kind of, but not really. A-I-M kept being repeated in some of the information they found, but we can't pin down what it stands for. Turns out, there are a lot of companies that either use the acronym, or have Aim their names." Tony let out a puff of breath. He hated not being able to find out information when he already had half of the equation. "They did a raid on another building, but it was already mostly emptied out. Seems they know that we're on to them, so they keep moving around now."
“Shit, are you trying to say my name?” Jamie just smiled at him and put her hand on his nose. “Bucky, is that what you’re trying to say?”
"Be careful the locked doors, and listen to Jarvis." Both boys nodded before Peter grabbed Wade's hand and they were running down the hallway. "We can put Wade's stuff in Peter's room," Tony said, catching Steve's attention. "I'm sure they'll be staying the same room, because those two are attached at the hip, and the elbows, and the shoulders. Sometimes I think they might be the same person sometimes."
"Bet you're not prepared for tonight," Tony accused as they pulled into traffic. "Family dinner with Peter, Julie and Wade, Mary and Agent with the twins Rowen and Conor, Bruce, Sam and Rachel and William. And us, with the newest addition. Fresh from a trip to Disney World, and not telling Peter or Wade about my kidnapping."
The screen stuttered a little as Tony typed in more commands. “Run calculations,” he murmured out as he looked at a second screen, with yet another third screen running through numbers and letters, spitting out results faster than most people could track. “Stop.”
"I have the best lawyers in the world," Tony told her. "OJ Simpson wishes he had my people, his trial would have ended after three days. Revoking parental rights in this case would be the easiest thing they've done for me all year." Julie looked back down at the papers. "We both know the prognosis," he said quietly. "We both hope that it's wrong, so wrong that the word wrong becomes useless. But, I'm willing to bet that you don't want to be caught unprepared, just in case."
"Captain, Stark," Fury said as they approached the small group. "I see you're ready to take a couple things off our hands?"
"I'm transferring the feed to the suit, now, Sir." Tony nodded and saw that Jarvis had already gotten the Mark XL ready for him. He stepped inside, the suit feeling like it was taking forever to properly assemble, but only taking a few seconds. "Dr Banner has been able to reach Mrs Parker, and she is coming back to the Tower."
“You have your mission. We’ll help Tony, and keep things quiet around Peter, and afterwards we’re gonna kick some Asgardian ass.” Steve smirked a little and nodded. “I’ll go tell Phil, and tell the kids they get to spend the night with us. Keep an eye on Tony.”
Steve looked back at all the cases, the lights reflecting off the glass. "I would appreciate it if you could keep this all safe for me, Tony." Steve looked back at the genius with a smile. "You and Peter seem to know exactly what to do with it. I think I'll hold onto this, though." He gripped Bucky's tags.
“That’s different,” Tony said with a wave of his hand. “Peter would never let me forget it anyway. Neither would Mary. Do you know what I was doing a year ago?” He poked Steve’s chest a little.
“You probably still will!” Tony called as Steve went into the bathroom to get changed, causing Tony to pout. “These clothes were made here, official Disney sewing team, the same clothes that are worn.”
“Tony will get in touch with you, probably tomorrow or the next day, and you can discuss it from there.” Steve leaned on one side of the bed, putting Wade down towards the middle, Julie slipping onto the bed from the other side, bringing her son into her arms. He instantly turned, tucking himself neatly against her, eyes still closed. “I know you two will do what’s best for the boys.”
"Very vintage looking." Tony had though that Steve had discovered the Tiffany's glass store, or something.
"Probably," Mary admitted, looking over at Peter's drawing. "He's head of several projects, so I'm sure that they've talked business before. He doesn't really talk about that much with us. Are you going to show that to Daddy?"
Steve decided to walk to the park that was down the street from Peter's school, passing by the school on the way, but stopped when he saw a familiar hat sitting on a bench at the corner. The man wore dark sunglasses, and a well worn blue Captain America hat. "Tony?"
"Mr Loki is still located downstairs, and has not moved from his cage," Jarvis responded immediately and Tony frowned. "Shall I wake Mr Odinson to go and check on his brother?"
"I love it when you take charge," Tony said with an exaggerated growl. Steve rolled his eyes with a little smile. Tony made a clawing motion with one hand, and this time Steve reached out to push Tony's forehead.
"Yeah, I bet." Steve could picture the red head nodding her head. "That's going to be harder to do, soon. I'm trying my best though."
"They still ask me those questions," Mary deadpanned. "My mother doesn't particularly like Tony, mostly because he got me pregnant after my husband died." Steve raised his eyebrows a little. "Long story short, I was grieving and wanted to get drunk, Tony just liked getting drunk, and one unfortunately alcohol addled night later, we never saw each other again until I went to tell him about Peter."
"And anyway, I have plans now for Valentine's Day. Are those test results done yet, Jarvis?" Tony wanted to change the subject now. "My stomach is protesting again."
"Were you expecting someone else? Should I be jealous?" Tony put on a pout, even though the man couldn't see him.
"Is stronger than anything you've ever encountered," Tony threw at him. He could feel Peter's hand gripping the back of Tony's shirt.
"How do you know so much about this?" Tony asked softly as he sat on the other side of the boys, so he and Steve were on either side of them.
"You don't have to, Tony, for pity's sake. You talked to Rhodey about Afghanistan, and I was okay with that. I'm not okay with not knowing all the details, but it helped you get some sleep, and get back to some kind of normalcy, so I kept my mouth shut."
"Sir, Director Fury is stalling." Oh no, not Clint. That's why Barton hadn't been moving, and Mary's hands tightened around her pistol as she heard his voice. She needed to start moving now, make sure no one was in the way if Fury couldn't stop them. "This place is about to blow. Drop a hundred feet of rock on us, he means to bury us." Mary turned on her heel and headed back out of the lab. She drew in a sharp breath when she heard the single gunshot, but didn't stop moving.
The Quinjet landed, and Steve walked over as the bay doors opened. Banner was a smaller man than he would have thought, especially considering the size of the Hulk. The man looked tired, a little rumpled, and was holding onto a few notebooks and a tablet. He pushed his glasses up on his nose, then caught sight of Steve, blinking. Steve had learned that Dr Bruce Banner had tried to re-create the serum that was used on himself, but it had resulted in something, less than expected. So to see the product of what his research had been about must have been a little surprising.
Mary gave him the stern mothering look, and Tony almost wilted under it, until she had given in. "He's upstairs, being entertained by Jarvis right now."
Unbeta'd, don't own Marvel stuff, and don't the song that belongs to Kelly Clarkson. (link to song at the end)
Mary tilted her head a little, looking at him. "Anthony Stark, mighten you be actually ready to look for something that might turn into a serious relationship?"
“There’s no way to make everyone happy,” Danielle said with a nod. “Alright, so tell me what happened after this call-out. Was it a while ago?”
"I haven't seen this model yet," she said. "I didn't think that Stark had released a new one yet. Oh! I love this song!" Steve smiled, this young woman reminding him of Mary.
As Tony walked through the doors to his workshop, he raised an eyebrow at the three crates that were sitting on the floor. He walked over to the his desk, grabbing a new core first, never taking his eyes off the gray crates. They looked old, a bit dusty, probably hadn't been opened in about a decade. Tony grabbed the glass of chlorophyll from the desk, taking a long drink, as he walked over to inspect them. He swallowed, then almost coughed the liquid back up when he saw what was printed on the crates.
Tony groaned and dropped his head on the back of the couch. “How long are you recommending that I stay away from my life’s work?”
Steve Rogers' eyes studied the ID, flicking back and forth between Mary and the badge in his hand, before eventually handing it back to her. She suddenly saw a sadness in his eyes, along with confusion. "I'm sorry about that room back there, but they thought it might be easier to ease you into what happened.."
The doors opened and Steve headed down the hallway, knocking on the workshop door. He could hear the deep bass, and guitar, of music coming from inside before the volume turned down and the door unlocked. Steve pushed the door open and stepped inside.
Tony’s hand shot out to grab at Steve’s arm, Steve’s eyes widening. “Did she-“ Steve whispered and Tony nodded. “She stood up.”
Tony frowned, trying to think about what he was doing, what had made him start looking. "Sleeping, I think I was sleeping." He closed his eyes, trying to remember, and then the nightmares came rushing back to him, what woke him up. He gasped and stumbled backwards, back hitting the same dresser and knocking over a couple picture frames, and a small box that held different cuff links.
Tony smirked at him a little, nodding. “It’s amusing to me to see that you’ve so thoroughly set this up. You really the ‘man with the plan’, aren’t you?”
“Good.” Tony blinked, then glanced up. Meg was barely a foot away from her, eyes looking disturbingly blank, very much like the Winter Soldier. Tony was barely able to curse when the points of a tazer slammed into his stomach.
"Well, about half of it," Tony told him. "I don't have the biggest collection, not by far, but I have the most authentic and original one, thanks to Howard." tony put a hand on Peter's head, the little boy leaning against his leg. "The stuff in the middle cases are yours, you can do with them what you want."
Steve shook his head. "It was a rough situation. Actually the reason I got no sleep before Mary and Phil's wedding," he confessed and Tony nodded a little. He'd be asking for details later.
"Of course I'm not!" And he wasn't, Tony would never give up on Peter. As he headed for the suit assembly, Tony vowed he would get Peter back, he'd find Banner, and he would make Loki pay for even looking at, much less touching, Peter. Thor's brother or not, no one touched his son without his permission.
"What the hell is up with the cherries?" Tony asked immediately. The last time he had seen a mood change that fast was when Peter found out that Wade actually could go to summer camp with him two years ago. Or himself in front of a paparazzi camera.
"Apparently, after snack time, it was throw away our clothes time," Steve said with a deadpan look that had Bruce smirking slightly. "Then she must have discovered her toes, and now she's putting together than everyone has them." He wiggled his toes again when Jamie put both hands on his foot, and it sent her into another giggle fit. Jamie then shifted to face his other foot, and he moved it a little closer to her, the little girl working on getting the other sock off. "What can I do for you, Bruce? Got some news about Jamie?"
Tony crossed his arms over his chest, not caring if he looked like Peter who just wanted to stay up for ten more minutes. "Yeah, the left arm. You got something?"
Tony put a hand on his stomach, still feeling a few twinges in his muscles. “Yeah, point blank.” He frowned and looked down at the no longer struggling woman. “What the hell happened?”
“Well, didn’t do any good,” the boy muttered. “She never got out of the car, but when it stopped, there were a bunch of men with guns, and Dad was with them.” Julie’s arms tightened ever so slightly around him. “Told me that he had people watching you, and that he was going to take you next.” He sniffed a little, arm reaching up to wipe away the tears there. “They took me into a house, then down into a basement, and locked me in a room. I was alone for a while, but I could hear a lot of talking and moving upstairs. Couldn’t understand any of it though. Then he came back down,” Wade trailed off, hand probably subconsciously rubbing at the cut above his eyebrow. Julie’s head leaned in, kissing the top of his hand.
What Tony really lamented was that he hadn't been able to leave his house, or the company, without the paparazzi hounding him at the gates. They were getting pictures of every vehicle that got close to his street. He had been forced to stay with video chats with Peter, and Mary, since the press conference.
." Tony turned, twisting his body underneath Steve. "Tell her." He used his knee to nudge Steve off of him. "But, I'm gonna stay here cause I still wanna know, so you kind of are telling me in a way."
“Excuse you, she learned all about toes today thanks to me,” Steve exclaimed as he started to clean up the counter. “You will be losing your socks today, and if you find a small white sock out in the living room, let me know.”
"Can't say I'm not glad to see them go," Hill murmured, handing Thor a bottle of water. IN her other hand she held a silver briefcase, one that no doubt held the tesseract. Thor nodded to them, and opened the door behind him, Tony closely following behind him. He could stand to be in a room with Loki again over Fury, and wasn't that just peachy.
"I wouldn't ask you to come without Peter," Coulson said, knowing that he would obviously be thinking about Peter. Coulson was getting closer with the little boy as well, so he obviously cared. "He's going to need you, and I can be there when you need to be in the lab."
"Doesn't have to be a label, not really. But, I think we should talk about what comes with the kissing."
"Can't," Tony said simply. "Call Reed, or Xavier's crew." Was Fury crazy? He was alone with his son, there was no way that Tony could go out there. "Where's Rogers? Or your spy twins?"
“He thinks he’s pulling a fast one,” Tony whispered back, both men not looking away from the kids. “She used him to pull herself up, and he thinks if he teaches her to walk, then she won’t need that much attention.”
Tony let out a breath, nodding a little. Steve put a hand on his arm and he found Steve's blue eyes. He was smiling at him a little and Tony returned it. "So, I'm not sure if this is the right thing to do, but I'm thinking of not telling Peter until tomorrow," Tony said, a little wince on his face. "And only because, I want him to see Agent when he's awake. Don't wanna traumatize the kid with another sleeping person, and have him think that he might not wake up, too."
Tony couldn't help but stop at what looked like a single father, sitting on a cot, with two little girls, asleep on his lap. The oldest couldn't be older than eight, and the youngest was a touch younger than his Peter. He crouched down a little in front of the little family. "Shoulda figured that all the cameras would be here for you," the man said quietly, but entirely unkindly.
Pepper's heels clicked across the floor and she looked at him, raising an eyebrow. Her eyes raked across the surface of the table, then the floor, then back at him. "Did you forget what day it is?"
"And he comes towards you... the moves of a jungle cat." Mary was trying very hard to not laugh, grinning at him. "And although you, quite correctly, sense that he is..." Steve paused, looking side to side with his eyes, then back at Mary, "bi, like most devastating handsome single men of his age are, you think," Steve closed his phone, then took her phone, setting them down on the closest table, the table that just happened to be the one that Tony was sitting at, "what the hell, life goes on. Maybe there won't be marriage, no you've already done that," Steve smiled, taking one of her hands, "maybe there won't be sex," he made a shocked face and Mary could keep her laugh in that time. "But, by God, there'll be dancing." Steve spun her out, keeping a hold of her hand.
Also, I present unto thee, fun extras. I've got a playlist for the last three chapters up, and here's a link to the Spotify playlist -
"He was at home," Phil said, a little bit of a smile tugging at his lips. "He recently adopted a dog, so he's been taking care of that."
"Look at me, Tony," the man said again, keeping his eyes on Tony's. "I need you match your breathing to mine." One of his hands was pressed to William's chest, feeling the man's chest rise and fall with each breath he took. "Concentrate, Tony."
Tony hissed a little when the SHIELD doctor started to wrap his wrist up. Peter was sitting on the bed beside him, only because the doctor wouldn't let him sit in Tony's lap. They had cleaned Tony up, set bandages and liquid stitches on Tony's cuts, and were now tending to his nearly broken wrist. He could practically feel Steve feeling guilty from the other room.
"There's someone at school that I wanna give a valitine to," Peter said eventually, kind of quiet. Tony raised an eyebrow slightly. "Cause I got one, and it was really cool, and handmade. And I asked Mama, but she said that I should ask you for help."
"It is to me, and I've got no work crews," Tony kept going. "I've sent them all off to help rebuild around the city, still on the clock. And I've spoken with Pepper, and we've already rerouted a lot of funds to go towards rebuilding and volunteer efforts. The Expo Venues have been refitted to house those who lost their homes, or who can't get to their homes right now. We've got soup kitchens and food pantries coming as well to make sure that they get food. With the exception of the Expo, it's all done anonymously. The donations will show up in the expense reports at the end of the quarter, for those that like to try and check the spending of big businesses, but I don't care about the publicity. It's all about getting the city back on its feet again."
Tony had been right, Peter hadn't slept at all. He stayed attached to Tony's side, keeping his Daddy in sight at all time. Tony didn't mind so much, they both needed the comfort. Peter had eventually stopped crying, but Tony had assured him that he still felt he needed too, that it would be alright. He had been fighting off the pure fear that he didn't know how to be the primary parent by reading all the files that Coulson had given him. He knew that Peter was reading everything that on the screen, but the boy didn't react too much, so he didn't see the harm in letting him watch him. Tony didn't want to hide anything if he didn't have to from Peter. And if Peter understood any of Selvig's notes, then Tony would have to reconsider having Peter skip some grades. Several of them.
"Got no one else here at the Tower, Fury, I can't do it," Tony tried to re-iterate. He saw Peter about to speak up, and Tony pointed at him as he said his next sentence. "And Peter is not old enough to stay him by himself, even with Jarvis." Peter's face fell a little as he let out a huff of breath. "Send me the info that you have, and I'll talk your people through disabling whatever it is. That's the best I can do."
"Monster pets, that they cloned," Clint said, leaning back in his chair. "They considered that a success, so they think it's okay to move onto humans??"
Steve turned to look at Tony, sharing the share look of confusion and dread. "How do you know it was him?"
"Color on the paper, baby." There was the rustling of papers, and the movement of some crayons and markers. "Come say Hi to Da-"
“If my math is right, which sometimes it isn’t,” Danielle said with a smirk, having heard him use the phrase before, “you’ve already been working on, physically, another thirty-two suits. How do you have room at the smaller Malibu location for all of them?”
"Like you controlled the cube?" Steve shot at the director. The Red Skull thought he could control the cube as well. Steve was the now living proof that that man had failed.
One of the chitauri hit his helmet as he tried to get up, slamming his head into the ground, but it was enough to jostle the voices whispering again, enough to focus on what was happening. "How long?"
“You’re cruel to me, you know that?” Steve pushed their shoulders together as Tony finished at the piano.
"Yeah!" Peter breathed out, studying more details. "I can see the design on my shirt. I like that shirt!" Peter smiled, suddenly acting shy and putting his face in Tony's neck, loudly whispering like kids do. "You put it on your wall."
"Taller than you, maybe," Tony said, tickling Peter's sides, making him squeal with laughter and wiggle in his arm. "Alright, Petey," he stopped and set Peter on his feet, "Tell Grandma and Grandpa bye." Peter nodded and ran over to his grandparents and Tony glanced back at Rhodey. "This is why I'm not married," Tony whispered to Rhodey, and the military man had to put a hand over his mouth to keep from laughing.
"It is Quarter to Eleven, Sir." Tony blinked a little. He'd been working a lot longer than he had thought. Hopping in the elevator, Tony let Jarvis take him to the right floor, stuffing the rag in his back pocket. The hallway to Mary's room was lit with a dim light, but he could see light spilling out from Mary's room itself. Gently pushing the door open, he peeked in to see that Mary was still awake, still sitting up in the bed, and there was a sleeping Peter against her chest. She waved him in.
Peter wrapped his arms around Tony's head, trying to stop him, and kissed his face. Tony smiled at Peter, rubbing his scalp with his fingers. Peter tapped the arc reactor again lightly. "This is different." Tony let him pulled down the collar of his shirt, looking for the black lines again. "This one makes you better?"
"That's right, Petey," Tony smiled a little. "Ask your Mom to show you where I'm going, later, okay?" Jarvis pulled up a little screen, showing Pepper Potts on the phone, walking through the mansion, heading downstairs. "Listen up, buddy, don't draw on Mama's wall until I get back, yeah?"
"You do spoil Peter a bit," Mary held up a finger when Tony went to protest, "but, I expected that from you, honestly. I'm just glad that you don't let it get out of hand."
"No! No way, Tony!" Steve tried to stop laughing and put his hands on Tony's shoulder. "Not my babies!"
Meg was right, her location was basically unknown at the time. Last that she had been tracked was by passport entering France. And that was almost eight months ago. She had indeed left only two weeks after Meg’s boyfriend had died, and barely kept up any correspondence with her beloved niece. After a little more digging, Tony had been able to decrypt a file stating that Emil Dittmar, former Handler of one Winter Soldier, had in fact been killed by said assassin in Italy. Hilda had left to go look for the Winter Soldier, unaware that he had already made his way back to the United States.
Tony felt a pull in his chest, but this wasn't from a lack of air. The burning was behind his eyes now. Tony turned his face into Steve's chest as warm tears slid down his cheeks. He wasn't supposed to still be haunted by this, wasn't supposed to be this weak, this broken. A hand fisted in the towel around Steve, and small sob ripped through his sore throat. Tony's mask was starting to shatter, and he didn't like it.
"He gets very busy sometimes, but he always tries to make time for Peter," Mary said as she put one of the plates in a rectangular box. She pressed a couple of buttons, and it started to hum, and turn the plate in a slow circle. "He's very high up in his company. After Peter was born, it took some juggling, but we managed to work out some sort of schedule." Steve couldn't help but wrinkle his nose a little. Mary pulled out a bowl, and went over to her own icebox, that he found out was just called a freezer, or a refrigerator now, and pulled out a carton of ice cream.
"He was actually pretty okay with sending the Cube back, and we were all okay with sending the other prick back as well." Tony stopped himself from huffing through his nose. "There was an alien invasion, and we stopped that, saved the world, so yay. Oh, and Fury made us think that Agent was dead, but then we found out that he wasn't, and we brought him back, and now he's doing paperwork in one of my office suites of the Tower. Oh yeah! We're all in the Tower now, and it's July."
"Probably two more days at least," Tony said, taking the warm plate from Steve and handing off the next, setting the plate down on the dining table. "We can't keep him forever." He turned and tickled Peter's sides, making the little boy giggle and wiggle.
Mary had brought a cake for everyone, knowing that Tony had liked the one that she had baked for Peter's birthdays, and that had caused an inquisitive look from Pepper. He knew that he was going to have to have a long talk with Pepper later. Now though, everyone had left, except for Mary and Peter, and Peter was bringing over Tony's present. Tony was sitting on the edge of the couch, waiting for him to come over.
"Daddy!" Peter laughed, twisting and turning in Tony's arms, until he wrapped his arms around Tony's neck. "Bunny's can't hug like I do!"
"They treating you alright while they set up something for you?" Tony was sending donations this way, and he wanted to make sure that his money was being put to its fullest extent to help. "Food, clothing, blankets?"
They still had Rachel in ICU, now just for monitoring before moving her to a regular floor, so Tony had to meet the others in the waiting room. Or the meeting room that was across the hallway, to give more privacy. William and Coulson were in there waiting for him.
Peter's eyes got big and he turned to look at Tony. "Really?" He whispered. "He knew the real Captain America?"
"Don't strain yourself, Tony," Steve said gently. "I'm not going anywhere anytime soon, we can talk at length when you're able to string together a paragraph."
“We’re doomed.” Tony grabbed one of his t-shirts and slipped it on. “You could have told me that earlier, I wouldn’t have slept in so much.” Steve raised an eyebrow at him, slipping a button down on over his white tee. “What? She’ll start to get used to him, and then she’ll think he’s the fun Uncle!”
"Sir, I have tracked down a secure contact," Jarvis said to Tony as the man worked on the new Mark VII armor. He wanted another suit where he wouldn't have to have a robotic station put the armor on, it would take too long in the heat of battle. The repairs to the Mark V suitcase armor had taken longer than he thought, but the Mark IV armor was completely out of date for his own comfort. The Mark VI armor was still operational, Tony liked having more than one backup.
"Yes it is?" Her last word going up to make a question in confusion. "The drawers hold my tools, and the containers have my supplies.
"Isn't it going to be hard to transport him from the room to the hangar?" Steve asked them. Tony looked up at the question.
"I’m going to get my shield, and I’m going to find Wade,” Steve said matter-of-factly. “I’d feel better if you and Bucky stayed with Julie, to keep her calm, and to keep an eye on her.”
Tony's suit was dried, done for, it was barely getting him to New York. But Loki was giving him just one more reason to beat his ass. First he hurt Mary, then he killed Coulson, and kidnapped his son, but this? This was just a slap in the face, using his Tower like this.
"Strucker," Tony said flatly. "I was right, the name sounded douchey, and it seems to fit you." He looked over the man as stealthily as possible, but froze when he saw the Hydra symbol on the shoulder of his jacket. Fuck.
What? Tony felt himself frowning, then slowly started to open his eyes. He recognized the person in front of him, white hair, the same soft eyes that Mary had. William.
“All yours then, Prince Charming.” Steve couldn’t help but roll his eyes a little when Tony winked at him.
Tony loved his son, that would never be in question, but there were only so many hours in the day that he would be able to be dressed up in the boots that came with the Flynn Rider costume. Steve looked like he was getting close to a version of super soldiered heat stroke from his own outfit, so they headed back to the hotel to change, and shower, before they went to get some dinner, and finish the last movie of the Star Wars marathon for Steve. He let Steve take a shower first, so he could give Jamie a quick bath as well.
“Let me make us some breakfast, yeah?” He offered, and Tony could only nod. “Also, not the first time someone has fallen asleep on him.” Steve smiled and Tony took a controlled breath as he felt a flutter in his stomach.
“Okay!” Tony burst out, rubbing his eyes from the laughter tears. “I’m gonna get people started tomorrow. Oh, oh my stomach hurts. This is too good.”
“A little context would be helpful,” Strange piped up. Tony turned his glare towards the doctor now. He had been harboring the Asgardian, and hadn’t said a word. “This is taking a physical toll on him.”
Tony sat on the floor on the side of Mary's bed, tablet balanced against his knees. He let Mary's parents have the two chairs in the room, and Peter had insisted on getting in the bed next to Mary. Tony had helped him find the best spot so that they didn't really jostle Mary's injuries. He reached up, rubbing Peter's leg absently as the boy talked to his Mama. Peter had been really quiet when they first walked in, waiting until he was able to get settled on the bed, then started talking, little tears at first.
“Steve?” He spoke to himself, pushing himself to his feet. It was cold, the ground was rocky and uneven.
Steve gasped and his eyes shot open. “Steve,” Tony’s broken voice called out, brown eyes locking with blue. He was being pulled away, body lax and sliding across the floor. An arm was wrapped around Tony’s front, and soon lifted him up. Hilda smirked at Steve as she held onto Tony, his head flopped back in a boneless motion.
"I'll consider it," she told them. "It'll just depend on how things go tomorrow." She nodded to the men, and went back to find her colleagues.
Steve lifted the shield up half a second before he was hit with the blast. He peered over the shield and once again saw Tony's blue eyes, looking at him, not brown. Tony lifted the scepter again and Steve lifted the shield again, making a face, knowing he had to try and stop Tony. Hopefully Romanoff's technique on Barton would work.
Tony let Peter sprawl over his chest, palm firmly over the arc reactor and his fingers curling a little. He was half asleep, but his eyes weren't closed all the way, and Tony let his hand rub gentle circles on his back. "I'm going to redo the penthouse," he said quietly, and Peter shuffled his head a little to look at Tony. They were back down in the workshop, on the couch, where they had been napping earlier in the day. "There's going to be a lot more room."
“Tony,” he rumbled out, one arm holding his up, the other up by his neck and shoulders, taking comfort that he was there in his arms.
"There's already an extra crib at the Tower," Steve said. "Two of them, but we only has to use one at the moment." Tony's brow furrowed in confusion. Steve looked up at him when he didn't say anything. "For Conor and Rowan."
Tony felt a hand grip his arm suddenly. It was big, strong, cold, and there were too many fingers. He shouted and tried to pull back, away from the hand, then shoved himself forward. Another hand grabbed his other arm and tried to restrain him. Tony kicked out his feet and he heard a grunt, but the hands didn't let go.
He cursed mentally when he realized what was happening. Tony was stuck in a flashback. No wonder he wasn't fighting the water, to swim back up to the surface, he didn't know where he was. Steve swam with a heightened determination, reaching an arm out towards Tony, just as his body seemed to flop onto the bottom of the pool. His arm slid underneath Tony's arms, around his chest, and he turned, kicking off from the floor of the pool and towards the surface.
"Hey, uh, thanks for that, back there," Tony said, motioning back down the hall. "In-laws, that aren't technically in-laws, but they kind of are, you know." He nodded down towards Steve's hand that was still holding his phone. "Is Fury trying to court-martial me, yet?"
“I’m home for a while, yeah,” Steve said with a smile. “Got some art and self-defenses lessons to catch up, now don’t we?”
Steve straightened up and straddled his bike, slipping the phone back in his pocket. He needed to find a hotel to stay in for the night. He had spent most of the day in this town, and in the morning he would continue on until he felt like turning south. Even though he had only been gone four days, Steve couldn't get New York out of his mind, and a lot of the people there.
Steve stepped onto the main floor, and saw Julie on the floor with the twins. Jamie made a little cooing noise of curiosity that melted Steve's heart every time, when she saw the two other babies. "There's another one!" Julie said when she looked up. "She's so adorable." Steve smiled and headed over towards them, settling himself down on the ground next to Wade's mother. "It's a pleasure to see you again Captain Rogers."
Tony blinked, not sure how exactly to respond. It was an innocent enough question, but Pepper knew for a fact that Tony didn't have a peanut allergy. He opened his mouth to give some bullshit excuse, but frowned when he heard a couple more sets of footsteps. Craning his head a little he saw Rhodey, and his faithful driver and bodyguard, Happy Hogan coming in the room. Then his heart absolutely melted, and froze at the same time, at the next voice that he heard.
"Fuck," Steve breathed out, falling back a little to lean against the front of the desk. He glanced at the map on the desk, and saw that it spanned hundreds of miles. "He became obsessed," he said quietly, putting the rest of the pieces together. "He had worked closely with Erskine, so of course he couldn't just let everything, disappear."
"And then... suddenly, the crowds part." Steve smiled as Coulson moved to show Steve to Mary. She smiled at him, shaking her head a little. "And there he is, sleek, stylish, radiant," Steve was damn proud he could roll that R, "with charisma. Bizarrely, he's on the telephone. But then, so are you." He even did the point in the air.
"Then a quickie breakfast before you go off to your mystery meeting?" Steve asked, getting up so Tony could slide out of the bed.
"Stark, how much do these kids know about Star Wars??" Sam couldn't help it, he had to know about the geek fest going on.
Tony had taken his sweet time getting everything right with the suit, the Mark II. And then because there were so many pieces he had to design a custom machine to assemble it. Much like what they had put together in that cave in Afghanistan, this one would work with his robots, work with something that he knew, and could calculate.
Tony's feet propelled him forward in a lunge, his arm winding back as his hand closed into a fist, but was suddenly stopped, a strong arm wrapping around Tony's waist. "Don't do it," Steve said quietly in his ear. "There are better ways to take care of this."
“The Tony Stark name is already starting to corrupt yours.” Tony patted Steve’s arm. “First thing they’ll focus on, after finding out what you look like finally, is that Tony Stark is corrupting an American symbol of wholesomeness. Captain America, no matter who is, shouldn’t be gay, that’s blasphemous. And he shouldn’t be dating the infamous playboy Tony Stark.” Steve pursed his lips a little. “This is of course coming right along the heels of who would possibly find it okay to let someone else take the sacred mantle of Captain America, and then they’ll find out that you’re still the original, and we’re right back to defacing the perfect Christian ideal of America.”
"Daddy said he had to go talk to some old men, who didn't know what they were talking about." Peter said, going back to his drawing. "Even Mr Steve turned the channel."
"Give Peter our love," her dad said as he hugged her. "Have a good day, Mr Stark." Tony smiled at her parents, giving them a nod as they left, Mary closing the door, letting out a little sigh.
“Can you stop acting like a domestic family?” Bucky spoke up, leaning back against the couch, still sitting on the ground. Conor and Rowan were using his legs to push themselves up, wanting to climb their Uncle Bucky. “My stomach can’t handle it.” They could see that he was trying not to smirk at them.
"Because I was simply waiting for the correct person to speak with," Loki said drolly, rolling his eyes. The two man turned to stare at him. "I am no fool, I know that we would return to Asgard soon, and things will not work out favorably for me." Tony snorted, crossing his arms over his chest. "I have decided to take this time to work on my defense."
“So morbid,” Steve muttered before reaching in to pick up the finely designed ice cream cake on the counter. Tony picked up the several ice cream containers, and they looked at each other. “None of the kids are going to sleep tonight.”
They were interrupted by a knock on the door, and Mary wandered over, opening the door. Her parents stood there, Peter in front of them. he grinned at his mom and ran inside, then stopped when he saw Tony. "Daddy!" Tony couldn't help the big grin that appeared every time he heard Peter call him that. He crouched down as Peter ran over to give him a hug, the little boy wrapping his arms around his neck. Tony knew there would come a day when Peter would think he's too old to call him Daddy anymore.
"Do you often talk this fast?" Steve couldn't help the question that blurted out when Tony actually took a breath after talking. He swore he saw a little glare, but a little bit of a smirk on his face. "I'm sorry, but I just felt out of breath as you were talking." They both looked over as Peter made a little noise while talking to Mary, then went back to looking at each other. "I don't work with Mary at the office, no," Steve told him, watching Tony's eyebrow raise just a tiny bit, "but I do know her from SHIELD, yes." Tony hummed a little, nodding.
"Lord knows that Tony had them make too much!" Tony started to push Mary's back towards the front door. Todd offered a salute and Tony got Mary walking again.
“Holy shit, Stevie,” Bucky mumbled in his breath. “You’re like a gossipy old rag.” Steve coughed out a laugh and elbowed Bucky’s stomach. “Well you are! You could probably tell me everything about all the parents here.”
“Thanks, Jarvis.” Steve lifted the phone to get a picture of the plate, then was up and moving. He knew the car had started heading west, so he could at least start that way, and Jarvis would tell him where to go after that.
Steve was jumping out of the quinjet, landing on the balcony of Stark Tower, but there was no sign of Tony. "Daddy!!" Steve was running when he heard Peter's voice, almost breaking the glass door as he ran into the penthouse. Tony was on the ground, Peter laying himself over Tony's chest, and Loki standing above them. Without thought, Steve threw the shield, the edge catching Loki's wrist, forcing him to drop the scepter, and Steve was running to pick it up, and slam into Loki's back.
“Do you still watch it with Steve every week?” The brunette asked. She hadn’t been taking any notes, but was using the recording device that Tony had given her. It backed up all of their files to a secure server that Jarvis had access too, and everything stayed between Tony and his therapist.
"I feel like I'm in some melodramatic Romantic Comedy," Tony said as he frowned a little. "Only my boyfriend isn't here to save the day."
"That would be a positive. I can still use samples from the bodies." Tony couldn't see Captain America killing a dog or cat though.
Steve blinked a little as he followed Peter to the kitchen. His thoughts about Tony possibly being gay were put aside when he saw the state of the kitchen. It was obvious that Tony didn't do a lot of cooking, with too many dishes out, burned cupcakes on the stove, and different frosting tubes out. Steve was pretty sure he could salvage this. Even when he was small and sickly, he could still cook while his Mother worked.
“Uhhhhhhh,” Peter let his mouth hang open for a few seconds. “Looks! Mostly. Both. Both is good,” he nodded.
"Peter!" Someone shot through the door, tackling Peter in a hug. Steve smiled as he saw Wade and Peter rolling around on the ground, laughing and hugging. Glancing up he saw Tony talking with Wade's mom, a backpack in her hands and a smile on her face. Steve headed over towards them to catch part of their conversation.
Steve hummed and nodded, watching Mary leave his apartment, closing the door quietly behind her. He still thought that Anthony Stark was selfish, but now he had to reconcile the thoughts he had about Stark and Tony into one person. The tough part was going to be not getting angry with him without clearing up Tony's actions with the man himself first.
"Her and Legolas stuck at SHIELD still?" Steve nodded to Tony. "Well, might as well invite them over. It's not that I want all these people in my house, but it would be better for them to just be here instead of trying to sneak inside when Fury gets too far up their asses. I've got more bedrooms upstairs anyway. I'm not sure what to do about Thor's brother, though."
"Well, that makes taking an area in the chest even more worth it," Rachel commented. Tony raised an eyebrow. "Gotta protect the Sisterhood." Tony's expression deadpanned. "Not that it wasn't a worthy cause if it saved your life."
"I always thought he was like a little spider," Natasha said, making both men jump as she walked behind them and over to Clint and Peter. Wade ran in after her taking his seat next to Peter. The table was already set with food, Bruce at his seat, next to Thor. Peter was sitting next to Wade and they were both sitting across from Coulson, who had been cleared for light walking, and the trip from his bed to the dining room was perfect. Clint and Natasha walked over to sit on either side of Coulson, and Steve and Tony went over to their seats; Tony next to Peter and Steve next to Wade. William came out with one last dish of food, and Rachel right behind him with a fresh apple cake that had Tony staring at it.
