what he’s capable of. I just don’t care.”
“If we’re gonna make
“Silence. Nobody move.” Mycroft forced himself to remain calm as he slowly reached into his pocket, drawing out another ruby. Whatever this creature was, he’d try to send it back to Hell.
in that! Caught in your
about that last bit? Dear God, you
“What about the
“Cool. Look, Lucy, if you’re friends with these guys, you might wanna give them a hand with her before she gets them in real trouble.”
“But you know what happened the last time…”
“In the space of two days, I’ve gone from accepting the fact that ghosts can exist to… waking up in the middle of the night to find Sherlock chatting up the King of Hell while my wife’s out getting work assignments from the actual personification of Death. And here I sit, trying to hire a nanny.” His mobile beeped from where he’d left it in the kitchen. It beeped again as he reached for it.
“Why? Bringing out desire is one of his powers.”
“It will be.” Thomas grasped his wrist and pulled it to his mouth. Teeth lengthening in anticipation, he sunk his canines into the vein, moaning softly as the heat of Liam’s blood spread through his body.
“It can be both.” He already craved another cigarette, an urge he ruthlessly quashed. One was excusable but two were self-indulgent.
“I’m very grateful that you’re so understanding on that point. I suspect most people wouldn’t be.”
as a pupil. Teaching her brother is like pulling dragon teeth.”
“What? I didn’t… I didn’t quite catch that.” Blushing furiously, he leaned into the furthest reaches of his chair and set his drink aside. “A bit too much, maybe.”
“Ice magic. Examine it for yourself.”
“Oh. Yes, I got distracted. Who wouldn’t?” He couldn’t stop staring. “Sherlock, Look, I… I can’t have a serious discussion with you when I know you’ve got a tiny blue man tucked behind your ear. Can we go talk in the bedroom?”
“I think we all figured you would. You’ve never just dropped by to chat before, so what’s up, John?”
“I’m bi. I’m surprised you didn’t know. Half the department knew. I’ve never kept it a secret.”
died. I was there.” He sat, shifting nervously in the chair. “I saw what happened. I saw what you did, and I didn’t try stop to stop you. I’m sorry.”
…” He gasped as the tip of Greg’s tongue probed his hole. “…
“Okay. I do think… I mean, yeah. I’d like to try again. You may be right about the biting me thing. It really is potent. I really do like Molly, a lot, and I… I could have killed her, if this happened with her. I’ve got to get control, or be alone, like you said. I don’t want that, but I won’t take a chance on hurting her, or someone else.”
“Remnants”, he muttered back through clenched teeth. “Got it.”
“Jim, kill him.” Eurus glared at him in warning. “He’s not in the pattern.”
“How big an area are we talkin’ about here?” Greg tried to contain his frustration. Even if they could catch the thing as Sherlock had said, finding it was going to be a nightmare. There were none of the usual clues to follow; no description or prints, no physical sign that anyone had been there except the victim.
“Sherlock”, John laughed. “Slow down.” They’d barely made it through the door and Sherlock was already pulling John’s clothes off along with his own. His response was to practically rip John’s jumper off, tossing it aside. John pushed him against the wall, kissing him passionately as Sherlock’s long fingers made quick work of undoing his trousers and yanking them down, along with his pants.
“Probably not, but he trusts
“Tell him thanks.” She looked around, taking in all the exquisitely chosen and perfectly placed traditional furniture and appointments. “Bit too posh for my taste, but it’s exactly what I expected from Mycroft.”
“I’m sure that can be arranged. Room to run might provide a bit of difficulty for a wolf of your size, however.”
: (24 April, mid AM)
, Mary?”
“He really did save us.” Kat shivered, obviously fighting back tears. “Malcom threatened to hurt Abby if I didn’t come with him.” She sobbed softly, rubbing at her eyes. “He didn’t even know which one she was.”
: (22 April, mid-morning)
“But think of how it’d feel, having your prostate massaged
of her… I don’t know what the fuck it was; skulls and rocks and statues and shit, and
“Mycroft…” She quietly concluded that he’d finally gone mad, and she chose her words carefully. “You’ve been working very hard.”
…” Greg started to tremble from the pressure on his prostate as Fenris fucked in-and-out of his body. His hand clenched Mycroft’s shoulder, bracing himself against Fenris’s thrusts as his cock leaked onto his lover’s belly. The pain and pleasure became just one glorious sensation as waves of orgasms went through him.
“What was, what is, what must happen. That is a dangerous thing to do, though. I don’t think it’s good to look at what must happen.”
like that.” Sherlock shrugged and strolled over, hopping up on the bonnet. He scrunched up his face, looking at Greg curiously. “Do people really
“But it can’t be real…”, Peter said, trying to deny what he was seeing.
“Yes. Thank you, Loki. John, if you’ll excuse us now?”
“It’s no joke, Anderson. We’re in love, and we’re gettin’ married in about three months.” He glanced over at Phillip, who was staring at him uncomprehendingly. “You got a problem with that?”
“You have three days to decide.”
“And you haven’t?” He raised one eyebrow at his brother.
“Tim, I know he’s your dad and I probably shouldn’t say this, but he’s a fuckin’ bastard.”
“I’m not sure how
“Into your territory… A ghost has killed someone?”
were dying…”
“TLC…?”
“You need to
have just told his driver to swing by and pick them up, but Greg had said something about wanting to have a chat. Mycroft hung up his mobile with the sudden realization that he’d
“I love you too…” John looked at the boxes, wincing. The shoes were
Sherlock sprang up, grabbing his coat and scarf. He felt a sudden need for a very long walk.
He settled himself on the stool beside Greg, putting his martini aside to glance over the sticky notes posted on the various files: Possible Werewolf, Garden faeries, Psychics, Mediums, Ghost sightings, Assorted Other, Demons and Angels, Witches, voodoo and magicians, and Undead. A second note, attached to the latter file, read Confirmed Vampire. The last two files, both far too large for paper, glowed from the computer screen: Confirmed fakes and Probable fakes.
“I am. Greg, there’s something I want to want to tell you about.” Mycroft’s expression was neutral, but Greg could see the sparkle of excitement in his blue-grey eyes. “I’m a sorcerer.”
“But?”
. Look, I’m not here for all this. Is the mortal a medium, at least?”
: (23 April, morning)
“John, stop. We both know better than that. You love him and he loves you. If dying taught me anything it’s how important and how precious real love is.”
“Then someone was doing something unauthorized.”
“Yeah. I mean, I can’t complain… we
are, living our lives and denying our
: (19 April, early evening)
There was a ritual for after as well. They changed the sheets together, then headed to the washroom. Greg cleaned Mycroft up along with himself, tenderly but firmly taking control and murmuring words of reassurance. Mycroft obviously felt vulnerable here under the bright lights and mirrors, and Greg gently led him through his insecurities about his body. He’d silently vowed that eventually, he’d teach Mycroft to see himself through his eyes, and then he’d know he was beautiful too.
, at some point, I agreed to…” His eyes were slightly panicked and there was a tone of quiet desperation in his voice. “… to attend a
“I’m sure you’re aware of our situation with our sister. It’s put me in a very difficult position. Before Loki gave her that potion, she had been a violent psychopath since early childhood. She’s passed the fairy test, for what that’s worth, but even if she is mentally and emotionally stable we have no idea of the extent of her powers or how to train her to use them responsibly. I intend to raise her here if I can do so safely, but she’s going to need a tutor of some sort. I know you have obligations elsewhere, but I was hoping you could recommend a course of action. Is Loki a possible choice for such an endeavor?”
“Alright.” John laughed. “One rule, then. But to be fair, you should have to follow it too.”
“And we crossed a stream, into a sunlit meadow…” Mycroft sat up and looked around the room. There was no sign of Fenris, and the track suit he’d left in the chair for him was gone.
he like?”
“What extra inches?” Greg reached around him, stroking his cock as he nibbled on his shoulder. “You mean
“A bit, yeah.” He smiled slyly at John.
“Yeah, they’re engaged.”
I get them into trouble.” He grinned slyly. “I suppose I’ll have to do things the other way round this time… Who are you?”
“Hm. What about my grandson? Do you think this is a good influence on him, being around the two of you and all this… magic stuff?”
interest, but Lestrade… He’s informed me that he’s very attracted to
“Christ, doesn’t that… hurt?” John winced at the idea, glad that Sherlock’s wasn’t as thick.
“Let’s just say you’ll know it when you see it, little brother. It’s
“You really
…” His protest died in his throat as Greg unbuttoned his trousers and slid his hand inside, caressing his cock through his pants.
. That cuteness you find so appalling will come in very handy when magic is finally public knowledge. I tend to think the general public will be a lot more accepting of the idea of cute little garden fairies than ghosts and werewolves.”
“Are the two of you… official?”
“Such as?”
“That’s hard to do for me; just put your interests aside like that.”
“Timothy, it’s time to come in for breakfast.”
“If he invokes the oath, he can make you fall in love with someone else. It’s a
came looking for
“I’m the first
“G-Greg… How?”
“No, Sir. My job’s to drive, insure your safety and keep my mouth shut.”
“What is that thing? How did you know it was there?” John reached out, putting his hand on Sherlock’s arm. He could feel his lover trembling, although he was outwardly calm.
“And you
“I don’t know yet, but I do have some theories.” Mycroft frowned unhappily. “On February first, an explosion occurred at a top-secret lab…” He shot a significant look at Sherlock.
“Oh God, Greg!” Mycroft drove himself in a deep as he could, cumming as his lover writhed in ecstasy beneath him. He finally collapsed on the bed beside Greg, panting for breath. His lover rolled over, leaning in to kiss him. Mycroft looked over at Greg’s still hard cock and smiled.
Fenris stuck his head in the door, tail wagging hopefully.
problem. It’s even been affecting your sleep.” He flashed a quick grin and sighed. “Deductions. It
“Why vampirism, Mr. Challenger?”
Genuinely puzzled, Fenris shifted to human form and sat beside him.
“Mrs. Hudson! You’re safe now. Kat, do see if you can calm her down.” Sherlock knelt beside the unconscious body of a muscular, heavily tattooed young man, checking his pulse while a very furious fairy flitted around him. “Your ex, I presume?”
look, yet when he looked at her, there she was, seemingly hovering over the surface of the chair. “Look, one of these days,
“Yeah, we’re a couple. Why?”
“I’m the God of canines, among other things. You asked for a supreme hunting dog so that’s what you got… The Top Dog.”
“I had hoped that thousands of years of human research into the art of communicating with the dead might have yielded some useful insight.” Sherlock tossed aside the tome he’d been holding and sighed disdainfully. “Apparently not.”
“No.” Lian chuckled ruefully, feeling a bit queasy from the ride. “I think Fenris enjoyed it a lot more than I did. It’s the first air travel I’ve ever done. I think I prefer to travel on the ground.”
nonsense, maybe you’ll get curious; maybe you won’t. As long as you’re makin’ sure he’s satisfied too, there’s no right or wrong here.”
“Yeah, let’s.” Greg grinned.
“Without hesitation, Sir.”
to, and we both know he has a way of getting what he wants. And part of me thinks I’m not being fair to him. Sometimes I worry that I’m taking advantage; that he’s missing out on something because I won’t do…
“I hope I’m not imposing on your day off.”
“Yeah, I agree with you on that.”
“And what if I cum first?” Greg slipped a second finger in, twining then together as he slowly slipped them in-and-out. “What do you want me to do with your cock?”
“You said you saw the trauma that Mycroft went through and that’s why you… why you deliberately chose to train yourself to never feel desire; why you hurt yourself the way you did. Is that the whole truth?”
They were playfully drying each other off when John suddenly froze, hearing a raised voice in the lounge; Bill, angrily telling someone to sod off. He growled a bit, thinking that if Bill was talking to Mrs. Hudson, he’d kick him right down the stairs. He strained, trying to hear another voice.
, Greg.” He smiled at him, his blue-grey eyes filled with adoration.
“Yes. God, yes. A million times, yes.” John leaned over, trying to kiss the worry from his lover’s eyes. “Don’t ever think you’re not. I just… I wanted to know if you wanted… more from me, sexually.”
“Yes, very much so. It feels… It’s a bit hard to describe. The orgasm’s different than with my cock, and I can describe how it feels physically, but there’s far more to it than just the physical for me. There
“You’re not a burden, Tim. You’re family, and I’m gonna make sure you’re taken care of, which means gettin’ you back to school. Do you know what you wanna be yet?”
.” Her eyes were wide with surprise. “You
“It’s a bit hard to see. He just seems so concerned with personal pleasure and self-indulgence. Besides, you do know you’re much more beautiful than he is, don’t you?” John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s dark curls. “No one, angel or devil or god, could ever match the beauty of your eyes.”
Eurus roared with rage and the air around them burst into flame. The heat was so intense the rooftop below Loki began to melt.
“Cum in me, John”, he panted. “I want to… feel the heat… of your cum… erupting inside me.” Sherlock’s internal clock had calculated it had been around twenty minutes. He’d read online that twenty to thirty minutes was about the limit for safety with cock rings.
“Haven’t you noticed? I think Loki finds you… appealing. I noticed him staring at you more than once.”
my real father. My mother said some things, before she died…” The frown lines deepened between his brows. His childhood hadn’t been a happy one, in large part due to his father’s drinking and foul temper. “He’s not a very nice man, and I’m better off without him in my life. Why didn’t you mention that your parents were coming into town?”
have dire personal consequences, I’d like to know that my only brother will be supportive if I need... support.”
“Yes, it does. And he is quite useful to have around. One does pity the intruder that gets past my security team with him about the place.”
taking care of you.” Greg grinned, unable to resist running his hand through the shock of white now running through his lover’s hair.
“No. I think I’m beyond all that. Maybe if it was someone
“Sir! Mycroft, wake up!” Anthea shook him hard, then slapped him, deciding that if this didn’t wake him, she’d empty the bucket of dirty mop-water on him. Mycroft lashed out and she jumped back, barely avoiding a blow to the throat that would have killed her.
without even looking at the price?”
friend. We just happen to be attracted to each other; which, I admit, complicates things, but if you’re up for givin’ it a go, I most
needs, and I’m sorry for that. You deserve better than that from me, and I’m going to try to be the man you need me to be. What you said earlier; that I could do better than you…. No one could
“What I mean is you can’t think straight, and I can barely think at all. What I mean is that you’re drinking more and I’m smoking more, because
“Well, I’d rather not see it make the blog…”, he said dryly. “…but no. Why should it? I’m not ashamed of what we did. Does it bother you, others knowing?”
“Yeah, you
Sherlock strode into the circle, stopping in front of Morpheus. The Lord of Dreams reached out, touching his forehead.
Anderson, if you got a problem with us, or with Mycroft, I can turn this car around and take you right back home”, he growled, trying to keep the anger out of his voice.
he had, and… Sherlock! Pay attention! This is
“Yes. I feel that Mr. Challenger is going to be a great help to us, as might
“I’m afraid so. He seems nice, though, and he has been really helpful. I think I’m still getting used to him.”
change your mind.” Greg grabbed his hand, pulling him closer and wrapping his arms around him. “If you
attracted to him.”
changed, hasn’t it?” He grinned, almost maniacally, then suddenly just deflated. He slunk back and flung himself into his chair. “I knew the victim had a secret lover because her
: (21 April, near dawn)
“That might work,” Mycroft admitted reluctantly. “I have a speed spell I can put on you. Once you start running, so does the clock on the spell. It will only last about a quarter of an hour, but it might buy us some time. Just remember that once the time is up, you’ll be exhausted, so use it wisely, brother dear.”
: (22 April, early evening)
“She’s the one that
“Dilated”, John whispered.
“God, no! No, it was a case last week… It’s something I
“God, Mary, I hope we like her. I’d feel bad, turning down Mrs. Hudson’s niece.”  A knock at the door interrupted Mary’s reply. John crossed to the door, pulled his shirt straight, took a deep breath and opened it.
are you not gone? And I’m
“Why would it matter if he did? The Fae take a very different view of sexuality. To them, it’s a way to express joy and reinforce bonds within their hive. I imagine if he did, he found it comforting to see his hive-mates are happy with each other.” Sherlock chuckled. “I imagine he was curious. He doesn’t really understand human concepts of gender. They’re entirely gender fluid. I had a bit of trouble explaining that neither of us was the Queen. Most hives have a Queen and a King, not two Kings, but I think perhaps he’s decided Mary’s our Queen.”
“I have recently acquired some ability as a sorcerer. I have a spell that should return it to Hell, and another one that will contain it temporarily should that fail. The rest of you will be armed with swords and weapons loaded with explosive rounds, as we’ll need to decapitate it should my spells fail. Are you experienced with guns?”
“Because it terrifies me, John. I don’t want anyone other than you to ever… move me in that manner.”
John drifted off to sleep, happy to at least having gotten the last word in for a change.
Greg took another long drag off his cigarette. He knew that as a medium, there should be some way to set her to rest, but he didn’t know how. He’d never felt so helpless in his life.
“The best way is to use a magic spell. We have someone that’s going to teach you how to do them. That way, you won’t do any magic accidently. Bad things could happen if you use magic by accident. You could hurt yourself or someone else without meaning to, so you have to be very careful about wishing for things.”
…”, Mycroft moaned. The sensation of Greg’s cock sliding against his inside the tight heat of Fenris’s body was even more exquisite than he’d imagined. He could feel Fenris’s cock, leaking onto his belly, and he reached down, stroking it in rhythm with Greg’s movements.
said spoke
“I think you’re a sorcerer.”
John had grumbled the whole way to the airport, dreading the long flight and all the little nuisances and indignities that went with air travel. Sherlock had spent most of his time texting on his mobile, grinning while John complained, right until they pulled into Farnborough Airport.
“It never
“She’s sensitive, John. Like Sherlock. Oh, this
“What?”
“As soon as I can, sweetheart.” He gave her a hug and rose wearily, heading back into the crime scene. He hoped Sherlock could prove the woman’s guilt. This was one suspect he was going to make sure was punished, even if he had to break the law to do it.
“You’ve not picked one yet? I thought Sherlock made you a list.”
what? You here to play the over-protective brother? What next? Ask me what my intentions are? Tell me that you’ll kill me if I break his heart?”
“Married? You?” She stared at her son in shock, then looked suspiciously at Greg. “Why would
“Enlighten me.”
“One is inspired to conduct a small experiment, if the two of you don’t mind. Have you ever come into physical contact with a ghost, Thomas?”
making fucking vampires?”
can do that.”
“Yes, as am I.” Mycroft glanced apologetically in Mary’s direction, frowning slightly at not being able to see her. “I’m sure we’ll come upon some solution, once we have the equipment in place to analyze your condition more accurately.”
Writhing beneath him, Mycroft watched Greg’s face transform as he came, and beauty became more than a construct in his mind. His lover was beautiful to him in ways that far surpassed any definable description. He made his heart leap.
“Enough is a relative term, John. There might be times when I’ve had enough for the moment, but I’m going to want more later…”
“Good mornin’, lover.” Greg smiled as his eyes opened and he leaned close, capturing Mycroft’s lips for a kiss. His deep brown eyes sparkled with joy as he remembered their engagement. “Still wanna make an honest man outta me?”
“John tells me that I’ve been here all along; that he first saw me at my funeral, and that we’ve been having conversations ever since. But my first clear memory after my death is only a little over two months ago.”
“So, he
“I don’t do crazy, creepy, evil psychos. People like you make way too much work for me. You’ve sent enough clients my way.”
“So, in the short time I was chatting with Molly, you and Sherlock, you two negotiated all that; the promotion, the salaries,
equally appalling. “What are
“Kicked you out? Why?” Greg kept his expression calm, but inside he was furious. His brother Tony had done a lot of things to anger him over the years, but this was by far the worst.
fixed up. You’ve been in a relationship with him for years.”
“Fenris, can you hear our thoughts?” Mycroft frowned, more than a little concerned about the idea.
“You did look a bit terrified there for a moment, but desire
“Thank you. Is dragon’s fire considered magic?”
“I accept on the condition that no magic be involved in any way, other than your ability to illuminate what already exists within me. I’d also like to ask you a few questions as well.”
is becoming…
“Sherlock, I… I’m afraid.”
“Yeah, I guess I’m the wild one, then”, he chuckled.
“I’d certainly consider her. When’s she coming?”
, John…” His voice was like music to John, low and sensual, filled with longing. “I need to feel your cock, moving deep inside me.”
. We have, perhaps, a few
understand. He says it’s just
Too irritated to trust his ability to keep his voice down, he settled for glaring loudly.
“Nah. You killed a fucking dragon, Lover. Trust me; it’s damned sexy.” He kissed him again, then gently nipped at the shivery spot on his lover’s neck. “You make me so hard.” Greg pressed his cock against Mycroft’s, slowing grinding, to emphasize his point.
“I will, Alicia. Thank you.” Mycroft frowned at his mobile, and started calling his other contacts. He didn’t know how much good it would do, but he was determined to do his utmost to minimize the loss of life.
in my Mind Palace.”
“She says thanks, and that your house is too posh, which suits you perfectly.” John smiled a bit too politely and sauntered out, Mary trailing along behind him.
with Greg.”
“Yeah.” Greg grinned at her. “Intimidating, ain’t it?”
“Inspector Lestrade! Come in. What brings you by?”
: (26 April, early evening)
“You really are getting very sentimental, brother dear. Sometimes I worry for you.” He said it flippantly, but there was a very real concern behind his words. “All those unruly little emotions…”
“I don’t know for sure but I think it’s because you have a strong mind. You may be able to harness that strength to become a better Seer, but not all Seers have strong minds and not everyone with a strong mind is a Seer.”
want this to be?”
“I don’t
been you.”
“That makes a lot of sense, you know. About Mycroft and the armor… I guess that’s why he collects it.”
“You want my cock, lover?” Greg slipped a warm, slick finger into him. His lover gasped as he found his prostate, pressing against it in slow, wonderfully maddening spirals until Mycroft started begging again. He nipped lightly at his cheeks as he slid a second finger in. “God, you have the sexiest arse I’ve ever seen.”
. John, if you’re not going to help, straighten up things a bit before our guest arrives. I have some research to do.” Sherlock picked up the laptop and the stack of files, heading to his room. “And do put the carpet back. The less he knows about what we’re up to, the better.
“I’d think that goes without saying.”
“Sir, I think there’s something you need to see.” Anthea stuck her head in the door to his office, trying not to smirk.
“He bought it for her as a gift, and then discovered she was using it as a rendezvous with her new lover. It was an act of rage, yes, but if he’d meant her harm, she would undoubtedly be dead. He’s not some kill-crazed beast, roaming the city by the full moon. I’ve seen him transform, and he’s very much in control of his faculties.” He reached into his pocket, pulling out a flash drive and handing it to Sherlock. “I assumed you’d be interested in my encounters, so I’ve detailed them here for you. I would ask that should you decide to speak with him, you allow me to serve as your liaison. He doesn’t have the protection that my wealth and position afford me, and he’s very much afraid of being killed or experimented on.”
“Myrtle Jenson, widow, age 78. Died sometime last week of a stroke. Body wasn’t found until a couple of days later when a neighbor noticed she hadn’t been gettin’ her mail. There’s three others on th’ list, so why
the press, knows that. That’s your opinion, and wrong as it is, you’re entitled to it but what you’re
.” Thomas looked at Fenris curiously. “Didn’t that fill you up?”
: (15 April, evening)
thing either.”
a bit…
“I don’t regret anything we did with him, if that’s what you mean. I suppose you’re right; the fact that he’s not human seems to make a difference, though I’m not sure why it should. To be honest, I rather enjoyed it. He’s a bit fascinating. Did you notice that his pleasure is entirely dependent on his partner’s?”
“Yes, for your sake, to set your mind at ease about this Hell business. And for mine, but not in the way you might think. I don’t want to be afraid anymore.”
“Thank you for meeting with us, Mr. Morningstar.” Sherlock took a seat at the bar and John sank down on the black leather, high-backed barstool beside him, utterly incapable of not staring at Lucifer. Sherlock glared over at John, his eyes narrowing in warning. “This is my boyfriend, Dr. John Watson.”
“Really? That’s very… flattering.” He felt himself blushing. “It’s quite erotic, imagining you thinking of me and… touching yourself in that way. Has the reality lived up to your fantasies?”
“Oddly, very
“And I love you. Now let’s do this thing. I’ll take off for the next bit of cover and try to draw its attention. When it turns to look at me, ice the bastard.”
“Dad’s kicked me out.”  He dropped his things beside the chair and sat down, looking miserable. “I didn’t know where else to go.”
“For what I did to you; the whole me being dead thing. I didn’t understand, John; what it felt like to hurt so much, to feel so much. I do now, and I’m sorry that I hurt you. Also, you could do better than me; you know you could.”
Are you
“I’ve thought about it a lot, and I get wanting
“What’s he mean, dinner plans?” John looked at the two of them in curiosity.
believe in Mary.
“Sherlock, can you really save the tree?”
“Never been one for the women, huh? What is it about my son that made you decide to be with him? I imagine a rich fellow like you could get himself one of those young ones.”
… Oh, God, John…
“Oh God, Sherlock…”, he panted. “I’m so close…” His movements grew faster and he pounded deep into him, filling his lover with the heat of his cum. Sherlock followed moments later, cumming in John’s hand. John held him there, kissing the ivory skin of his neck and murmuring endearments.
shirt made up.” Sherlock murmured.
“Thanks for the save, but you gotta get me back up there! If Mycroft thinks I’m dead, there’s no telling what he’ll do. You got anything to fight a dragon with?”
“Yeah. I’m sorry. Oh, I saved that bear for you. Should I send it too?”
Mary, are
, and that… I don’t think he could handle that.”
to think?”
. I’m not giving any guarantees on that.”
“You chartered a private jet?” John stared at the gleaming, 30-meter-long plane in astonishment.
, as he so charmingly phrased it, and it seems that
“Sherlock…” John rolled over on his side. In the light of Sherlock’s courage, his previous uneasiness about him being on top now seemed silly. If he was going to be with Sherlock, he’d have to buck up and come to terms with a few things. One of those, things he decided, was Sherlock’s cock. He’d had no compunction about touching it in the heat of the moment, but he’d always avoided really
feel that way about anyone else. I hope you know that.”
“And it’s just her and her daughter?”
“And what does that mean?”, Loki growled. Although it was a fight he was sure he’d lose, he was frustrated and bored with the situation he’d found himself in and punching Lucifer right on that smug nose of his was beginning to look like an option.
“Obviously. The lower two floors were disused and the security at the project site was sadly lacking. The most likely explanation was that someone was researching some undisclosed private project. I’ve narrowed the potential suspects down to three scientists, all killed in the initial incident. I’ll send their files over.”
. What sort of things?”
“There’s only fairies, so it should be fine, then. I also have a household staff. You need to know that most of them don’t yet know about magic. I’m currently in the process of deciding which of them can be trusted with that knowledge and which of them I need to find other employment for. Until I tell you otherwise, it’s best if you don’t do anything… magical around them.”
“I…” John set his tray aside and pulled him into his arms. “I can’t imagine what this must be like for you. If you really feel like this is something you have to do, I’ll stand by your decision, but I want you to think about it first. Don’t compare your situation or your courage to your brother’s.”
“And John? Are you sending him off too?” Greg knew the answer even as he asked the question. John wouldn’t abandon Sherlock any more than he would abandon Mycroft.
“I don’t have a problem with
“I thought I’d lost you.” Mycroft wrapped his arms around him, sobbing with relief. Greg was battered, bruised and his silver hair was stained with blood, but he’d never seen anything more beautiful in his life. “You’re hurt.”
that you do.” Greg looked very pleased with himself. “You showed me your bedroom.”
“Why would I regret it? Mycroft… I
“I… It’s a bit intriguing in some ways, but I also worry; not just about you, but about how I’d react.”
“You look… exhausted.”
“Yes, but not with a
not good. Do you even listen to yourself? Sometimes you really do sound like a heartless, self-absorbed bastard. Are you really more concerned about having dinner with you parents than the fact that innocent children can end up in Hell?”
with Mary?”
“What sort of treatment do you recommend, Doctor?” An injection, perhaps?” Sherlock’s tone was entirely serious, but humor showed in the crinkling of his eyes.
a boyfriend. Romantic love is a construct, a chemical reaction in the brain to hormonal stimuli. I don’t do… love.” Sherlock spoke with his usual air of contempt, but he realized he was, in fact, lying. He did love John, a great deal more than he thought was sensible.
Mycroft led the group through the facility, detailing the plans to them, then led them back to the top level. Sherlock had only showed interest in the labs, and John grinned the entire time, feeling a bit like James Bond.
“Dear lord, I didn’t think we’d ever get them all settled down.” Mycroft sank into his large leather armchair with a sigh of relief. He never imagined he’d have so many houseguests he’d actually run out of bedrooms to put them in. “It’s a good thing Thomas took Liam to his flat. I genuinely don’t know where we’d have put them. That was more exhausting than dinner with my parents.”
Author's note: I hope you enjoyed it. The adventures will continue!
: (24 April, early evening)
“I’m sure you will.” Having run out of things to say, the two sat in uncomfortable silence, watching Greg bustle around the kitchen.
.” Fenris had shifted to wolf form.
The two watched as Bran transformed Mary into a bright, glowing orb. Snatching her safely in his beak, he clutched the sword in his talons and took off into the sky.
“Stop that thought right there! There’s
“Sure. I might not answer, but I won’t get mad if you ask.”
“That doesn’t sound very appealing. Are you being punished?”
He finally had to admit to himself it was true. John forced his unruly imagination to quiet, grappling about for a suitable euphemism for how he felt. When he thought about having sex with
like a result, but it’s temporary, and very psychologically damaging. They can’t really rewire someone’s instincts. In a way, it’s the same thing I did. I walled off any desires I may have felt for men, but they were still there whether I acknowledged them or not.”
“Okay.” She grinned up at him. “I’ll try not to wish it was cereal.”
“I’ll be there, for you. It only seems right, as Greg’s going to be there as well. Do you think they’ll be terribly upset?”
“He’s on our side. Have no fear. You’re safe now.”
“Your wrist is broken.”
size. “Dear God, please tell me you
because she’s apparently trying to
“I’m sorry. I wish there was another way.” Despite all she’d done, John knew her death would hurt Sherlock, but they both knew she had to be stopped.
“No. Let John take charge of that. Mycroft, take the concealment spell off me. If I can draw her attention, it might prevent her from summoning anything else.”
“I don’t know, Sherlock.” He put his hand atop Sherlock’s, squeezing gently. “I want to be, for your sake, but I… This is all very confusing, and I’m going to have problems handling it. I don’t understand any of this. I don’t even understand myself anymore. I know I keep saying this, but I’m not gay, and having everyone think I am… Well, awkward is a vast understatement. And our friends! There’s going to be gloating, and smugness, and I don’t think I’m ready for that.”
. I tried touching him, but it wasn’t enough. I think he was high on something.” Mary glared furiously at the man who’d threatened her child. “I swear, if it wouldn’t cause trouble getting rid of the body, I’d drain him right to death.”
“What kind of proof?” His brow furrowed as he stared at Lestrade. It sounded preposterous, but the inspector looked entirely serious. “Show me, then, if you’ve got proof.”
“No. There isn’t.” Mycroft sighed, then a small, satisfied smile tugged at the corner of his lips. “He’s moving in with me.”
“Yes, his elder brother. Did you accept the position?”
“I think I love you too. Do you love Greg? Alice says you’re going to marry him.”
“Because you’re naked, John.” His fingers didn’t pause on the keyboard while he typed. “I like having you beside me. Naked.”
“I’m afraid I do.” She sighed unhappily. “Even with my support, getting the council to back such an autonomous agency is going to be a very uphill battle. You’ll need more votes than mine.”
“Yes, please.” Sherlock had evidently dragged his chair back into place, and John took his accustomed seat as he handed him a steaming mug. “Thank you. Why didn’t you wake me?”
“And Mary… is she a hallucination or is she real? I’m assuming that’s the wiretaps you meant.”
Silently fuming, he glared at Sherlock’s back. Even though he knew they knew they were right, and as exciting as he found the idea of being reactivated, he was still angry. They’d all just decided it
“I’m going to kill you.” Sherlock’s voice was deadly calm and matter-of-fact. The doors of his mind palace had slammed shut, cutting off all emotions except one: the cold, implacable need to see John’s killer destroyed. Nothing else mattered in that moment.
“It’s a normal human response.”
“Well, none, really, but what other choice do you have? Let me go out into the world, alone and unsupervised… I think that’d be very irresponsible of you, don’t you?”
After a little casual chat with the office gossips, Sally had charmed the file clerk into giving her copies of the strange case files her boss had requested while she’d been gone. She’d been told he’d said that they were research for some higher learning classes in psychology, but she didn’t believe that for a minute. She’d also asked Wilson to lunch, where he’d been all too willing to regale her with tales of Greg’s odd behavior in the morgue last week.
“Now that you’ve see the fairies, are you going to save the tree?” She peered up at him hopefully.
“He rarely has a larger agenda than causing trouble and having fun. He’s easily bored, so he seldom has any type of long-term plans, though he capable of patience if it suits him. He likes power, but not for its own sake; more as a way of insuring his own safety and amusement. Unlike me, he’s perfectly capable of lying if it suits his purpose. He’s vain, proud, and tends to hold grudges. He also likes to… acquire things he thinks he may find useful in the future, so I’d keep that book of yours close, if I were you. He’s attracted to buxom blondes and older men, but he’s not particularly picky if those aren’t available. He enjoys puzzles and challenges, but is a very poor loser. He has no particular loyalties, except to himself. He likes praise, but if he discovers it’s not genuine, he can be viciously creative in exacting his revenge.”
I know Mycroft’s like you about relationships; worse really, because you at least have friends, and I just wonder… Why did he change his mind? Why would
Mycroft frowned, resisting the game. It was at this point in the conversation that he would generally deflect Sherlock’s uncomfortable deductions with a few uncomfortable deductions of his own. He had plenty. Sherlock didn’t seem to have noticed the pattern yet, but he was also distressed, probably over certain things involving John Watson, as was perfectly evident by… His train of thought came to an abrupt, intentional stop. He wasn’t here to play the game.
me. Fuck me
her picture. Her hair hadn’t been bright
money. Why are you not naked yet? You don’t really need to try any of it on. It’s all going to fit. Just lie with me, John. I need you naked, next to me.”
“Yes. When I walked in on her that time with the book, she vanished, and the book hit the floor. I’ve seen her move other objects as well, while not being directly visible, even to me. I’ve been bringing her toys and books, and they’re often rearranged when I come back, but she either can’t or won’t interact with me.”
“My turn, now?”, he gasped, handing Greg the bottle of oil.
. And if I wasn’t still pissed off with you, I’d tell you that you look damn sexy in it too.” He leaned over, softening his words with a kiss.
“I’m not attracted to Lestrade, so… no.” He grinned. The conversation didn’t feel quite real to Sherlock, a fact he was aware of. Apparently, he and Mycroft both had secret crushes. Suppressing an urge to giggle, he wondered vaguely if he could be in shock. “We’re dangerously close to turning into a pair of teen-age girls, brother mine.”
John shuddered in horror. He’d know that voice anywhere. It was James Moriarty. John struggled to free himself, but the man was inhumanly strong.
“Perhaps, if you have the gift. It seems that not everyone can wield magic. Tim, you do understand that you can’t tell anyone about any of this, no matter how tempted you may be to do so. I can’t stress enough how very important it is that you don’t say a word to anyone, no matter what.”
“And the original crisis?”
“Patience, my love”, Sherlock murmured. He coated his fingers with lube from the bottle he’d concealed, fondling John’s balls as he teased his cock with his breath, almost, but not quite touching it. John raised his hips as Sherlock’s long slick fingers pressed firmly but gently against his perineum, then slid further back, between his cheeks. John moaned with need as he teased the sensitive nerves around his opening.
“You said you can do magic, and about the fairies and Alice and Fenris, and that there were a lot of magic people and things in the world, like them and Loki and Lucifer.”
“Convenience?” Mary asked.
… Not as nice as yours.”
“So, if I’ve got things right, you’re
“It’s okay.” Emily called softly into the hollow. “This is my new friend Sherlock. He wants to meet you, so he can save the tree. And he brought biscuits for you.”
.” John wasn’t there either, but Sherlock pictured him sitting there, just so, in his favorite chair. It was a mental technique he’d perfected over the years.
“Bit posh for you, isn’t it?”
“Learning to control this power is going to be difficult. It’s a bit like what I had to do with Lucifer. Not the sexy bit”, he hastily added. “Letting down my walls, I mean. Most of what he’s trying to teach takes place in my mind. It was much simpler with Lucifer. I may not entirely trust him, but he was, at least, gentle and patient. Loki is neither. I spent half my time trying to let him in and half of it trying to keep him out.”
“So was I. I’m not sure why I did, really. He’s just… easy to talk to, I guess.”
“I like seeing the guilty punished. Call it a hobby.”
“I guess so.” She shrugged, moving the tiny sofa in her dollhouse. “That’s better. Lucifer’s a funny name. A lot of people have funny names here.” She looked over at him curiously. “That’s the Devil’s name. Are you the Devil?”
“Why? Why
“Yeah, that’s occurred to me too. Oh, I saw your announcement on the blog. Good job, that.”
“Sherlock, are you sure this is absolutely necessary?”
happening.” John shuddered, picturing them in matching suits.
Greg enjoyed the subtle, sensual battle that kissing Fenris presented. It was a playful contest for dominance, and he felt the tip of Fenris’s canine prick his lip, drawing a single drop of blood before the wolf God submitted, letting Greg control the kiss as he sucked the blood away.
“Well, he’s no fun, then.” Sherlock glanced mischievously at Mary.
” Fenris turned down a side street, pawing at the boarded-up window of an abandoned building. Greg recognized it as a known hide-out for junkies and homeless people.
“God, John, you’re beautiful like that.”
“I don’t want to be indelicate, but how far…
“Hello, Mr. Holmes. Thank you for having me here.” Tim jumped off the stool and shook the man’s extended hand, trying not to stare or fidget. He was impeccably dressed but despite his smile there was something very intimidating about him. He didn’t look like the kind of man that would want a teen-ager around.
the bloody thing, I rebuilt it
“Yes, but he knows they’re not real. He can tell I’m
you if you let him try toppin’ you. Worst case scenario, it hurts for a few minutes and you know you don’t like it. Best case, it’s pretty damn good.”
“And Tom… thanks. It means a lot, having you for a friend.”
“I don’t think I had much choice.” He shrugged. “Not that I can afford to turn that kind of money down anyway. Besides, I get the impression that I’d practically be a traitor if I
seems to have a bit of a thing for me.”
“Okay. Can I have cereal for dinner? I really like cereal.”
Author’s notes: Succubi is the pleural form of succubus, a female sex demon known in legend to appear to men and have sex with them in their sleep, draining their vitality in the process.
“I hardly think he’s going transform into a wolf and eat me in the middle of a pub in broad daylight, John.” Sherlock sighed. “Besides, Mycroft sent over some silver bullets this morning. There’s an extra set for you there in the drawer. The wooden ones should arrive this afternoon.” He swept out the door, bounding eagerly down the stairs.
“Let’s.” Thomas stripped off his clothing, watching Liam undress but careful to avoid eye contact or showing his fangs. On a subconscious level, Liam’s instincts had become more wolf than man, and he didn’t want to do anything to challenge him. As fascinating as the idea of sex with a fully transformed werewolf was, he was hoping his friend could manage it without changing, for Liam’s sake. He laid on the bed, rolling over on his belly and carefully placing the towel underneath him.
“I don’t know. That’s my whole problem with this Seer business. Loki’s agreed to teach me how to use it, but until then, all I have are vague impressions. How can I possibly sort out what is true from what I wish to be true?” Sherlock sighed and flung himself into the chair, staring up at the ceiling. “It’s all too emotionally based for me to make any useful conclusion.”
“Deny it, then make some excuse to avoid it.” He collapsed into his chair, sprawling elegantly as he studied the ceiling. “Exactly the response I expect. And it’s an entirely different thing than what I do. You’re just a mental projection intended to utilize different elements of my own memory; just a part of my Mind Palace. This thing with Mary won’t
“Yes. I was very angry.”
“Fuck me,
“What have you done? Do you own him a favor now?”
“It’s entirely blank to me”, he admitted reluctantly. “You’re obviously the sorcerer in the family.”
: (17 April, late evening)
challenging the Devil. On
“One thing… that potential crisis that had you so in need of comfort from Lestrade; what was it? An occasional breakdown under your desk, crying into your donuts, is
John struggled awake, fighting off some figure from a quickly fading nightmare. A loud thump by the side of the bed startled him to full alertness, and he looked over, eyes wide and heart pumping with adrenaline. Sherlock was sprawled naked on the floor and rubbing his cheek.
“Me, a romantic? What ever makes you say that?” He smiled slightly. He’d been accused of a lot of things during his life, but being a romantic wasn’t one of them.
“That’s real considerate of you, lover.”
“Probably.” John sighed patiently, wondering if Mary had already discussed moving in with Sherlock. At least she’d asked this time.
“I have some cases I could run by him. Some of them… I dunno what to think.”
Fenris gave the two an amused, wolfish grin.
“What?” Sherlock turned to look at her.
“Why? Are you scared he’s gonna want to top you?”
“If you’d like.” John smiled back, almost shyly and squeezed his hand a little tighter.
“Greg, before you go, there’s something I should tell you. It’s about my talk with Tim this morning.”
“You’re tired.” Greg hung up the waistcoat in its proper place, making sure to space the hanger evenly between its neighbors. Most people might have been annoyed by his fastidiousness, but Greg took each little ritual as a challenge. Mycroft’s clothing was his armor and stripping it from him was part of getting past the walls his lover put up against the world.
“Things have changed for you too. You’ve
“I had the same dream. It felt so real… We were running through a forest, just for the fun of it, and it was just you and me, but I could hear the rest of the pack was near, runnin’ with us…”
, Mary. I promise. What didn’t you tell me?”
, if you would.”
, and
. We both know how she is about you. The further from her you are, the better.” He looked sternly at his younger brother. “If something happens to me, you’re our last line of defense against her.”
“Such as how about showing me around the place? I’d particularly like to see your bedroom.”
“Death spoke as if death itself was her
“You had a conversation with Sherlock? That’s new, you chatting with someone other than me. How’d
like the practicality of it. We’re heading into a time in which I think practicality will be a
“I appreciate that, Mycroft, though the cat’s out of the bag, as far as most of my family and friends go.” John frowned unhappily. “It’s certainly not how I’d planned to come out.”
: (20 April, late afternoon)
“I don’t see any wings.”
“Yeah? That’s kinda like praise, comin’ from him.” He smiled happily, giving Mycroft another kiss on the cheek. “You’re what’s best for me, lover.”
pretty.” She leaned against the doorframe, with her arms crossed in front of her and peered at John disapprovingly.
“Clearly. This is going to be quite useful. You’ve done
“Where’s John, by the way? I’m surprised he’s not with you.”
so. I
“You’re not wrong”, he admitted somewhat reluctantly.
“I presume when you left Hell, you could have chosen some other realm to dwell in. Why Earth?”
“Where’s Mary? She didn’t come back with you?”
“I know. It’s just me being an idiot and worrying too much about the wrong thing.” As he zipped the bag shut, he noticed the iron ring on his right hand had turned bright with rust. “I’ve got bigger things to worry about.”
“She rebuilt me. She has the magic. She made me better than I was. Better, stronger, faster...” He looked at Sherlock and sighed. “Pop culture references really are lost on you, aren’t they?”
“Dead easy, innit? Just set the taser up so the feedback that comes back down the wires goes into the lightbulb in the jar. If it breaks, you know you’ve got yur ghost.”
bein’ comfortable with it.” Greg was a bit surprised that Mycroft hadn’t completely rejected the idea instantly.
The two of them sat quietly, each thinking with dread of the impending disaster that was a visit from their parents.
“I don’t know if I should be more appalled by the fact that you’re still here or the suggestion that I have a… squishy side. The implication of either one being true is dreadful.”
“No. I don’t even know if he wants a big deal or just something quiet. I’m expecting he’ll want something quiet, but I’m gonna leave that to him. You guys decided on the name thing yet?”
“Good for you. How was it? He’s quite good, isn’t he?”
he was... Stirred seemed the least disturbing adjective. He stared angrily at his lap, thinking that
, and
gonna do it again. Just, you know, if the whim strikes me.”
. Oh, he’s put on a few pounds, I think.”
to approve of the location. If he agrees, will you?”
…” John felt his body begin to tingle as Sherlock’s finger caressed inside him. It wasn’t long before his limbs began to tremble as wave after wave of pleasure washed over him. It seemed to last forever; one orgasm after another, until he thought he might pass out from sheer ecstasy. Gasping for breath, he could finally take no more, and had to beg Sherlock to stop.
“Yes, well, I just don’t know about… Gah! Oh my God, that tickles!” John laughed and jerked back as Sherlock ran the tip of the massager across his balls.
“Is Greg as pleased as you are?”
display some indications of physical attraction regarding
“Would you mind if I just announced our engagement? It might be best, just to put an end to whatever rumors and speculation are out there.”
: (24 April, mid-morning)
the rubbers unless you’d rather…” John was staring at him, mouth hanging slack and eyes wide. “John?”
“Apparently, we both are.” Mycroft could feel Greg’s cock, pressing against his arse through the thin fabric of his pants. “I very much want to feel you inside me.”
“Oh…kay.” Sex toys had always seemed a bit silly to John, but for some reason he found the idea of Sherlock out shopping for them strangely arousing. “We’ll try it, but you’ll have to promise me you’ll stop the instant I say.”
you two are shagging.”
. “I’ll ask. Steven, will he be mad when he wakes?”
people, my clever mortal. My children are innocent in this. If they be peaceful, you must swear to defend them. I don’t ask you to betray your own realm. I ask you to swear an oath on your heart to stand a shield between the
“But you do find him a
“No, but he’s aware of your problem and has graciously given me permission to give you aid. Three things will I give you.” The old woman reached up, pulling a rope which hung above her head, just barely within her reach. The tower bell tolled once.
that.
“I can’t say it. I
You are by
have taken your own advice.
“Not really. I’ve got
“But you’re not gay! You were married. To a woman.”
“Yes,
they would all be. He shuddered, picturing lurid tabloid headlines and snarky comments on his blog. At
an instant, mind you, I wondered what it might feel like to be in between the two of you. But just because I fantasized about it for an instant doesn’t mean I really
“What? You and John?” She looked at him in confusion. “But you… you aren’t… John’s not…”
“Absolutely. This whole conversation could be a hallucination reinforcing my psychosis.”
Tongue still wrapped around Mycroft’s cock, he looked up eagerly at him.
It had a nice sound to it,
“What level of power does he wield?”
I mean, it’s just so… confusing, with you and Sherlock
be able to deal with. One of the mediums seems legit. She picked up that I was testing her right off, and she was real cooperative. She’s up front about her abilities not working every time and volunteered the fact that it recently had become a lot more real for her.”
must be
“I’m not your only admirer. I do believe I’ve noticed some competition.”
“Fairies? Yes, I suppose it would.”
that he’d literally stop my heart, but Steven says my interpretation’s a bit off.”
“There’s also Craig Owens. He’s a gifted hacker, and he’s proven very helpful to me in the past.”
“Is you being
“Yes. I’ve never loved anyone before.”
: (24 April, early-afternoon)
“Then take Sherlock.”
“Because I can smell it.” He looked at Sherlock, wondering if the human might be a bit slow-witted. “Don’t you know when something you smell with your nose is real? There’s no difference. Even when it’s with my nose, my mind is how I know what it is.”
“Is there a God?”
They collapsed together, panting and staring into each other’s eyes. It was some time before either of them could think clearly enough to speak coherent words.
“So I noticed. Was his
: (16 April, mid-morning)
“I…” He turned his head, reluctantly looking at his reflection. “It has freckles”, he said disparagingly.
level of faith in
“Enough to wonder just how responsible you really were. You seemed… not yourself. Had you been drinking?”
“Yeah? What makes you think
“And then we curled up together in the sun and fell asleep. Perhaps that’s why we feel so rested.” Mycroft smiled. “A gift from our new friend, I’d imagine.”
“No, he’s been great. He even offered to protect me, if it ever came down to it. I guess at first he did, a bit… He kinda made my hair stand on end, but then he turned into a wolf and we started playing… I’m not gay or anything, it’s a… a wolf thing. We kinda… bonded. Does he scare you?”
“If you want to… get off, you’re going to… have to. I… can’t even feel… my legs.”
“The point is that I…
“The two of
“Quite.”
“Why should I? What’s in it for me?”
family.”
“I don’t know what to think, because I don’t really understand how it’s all connected. I don’t understand how having sex with the Devil can save your soul or why something that
“You are over-sexed.” John laughed as he pulled his jumper off. “Not that I’m complaining, mind you.”
“I don’t see how talking about it’s going to change anything. What’s done is done. It is what it is.”
“I’m sure they will. You’re a good-lookin’ kid with a lotta good qualities.”
It’s been a long day and I’m not in the mood for games.” Sherlock fished the bug out of his tea and downed it in a single gulp. He slumped back in his chair and stared at the ceiling.
“John…” Greg’s voice was frighteningly calm, but his eyes narrowed with anger. “I
“That’s not something I’m generally accused of.” Sherlock’s lips twitched in amusement.
“I’m not killing a toad.” She sat on the arm of John’s chair, looking up defiantly at Sherlock.
“Get dressed John. We’ve got things to do.” Sherlock tossed him the dressing gown, grinning as he walked naked to the room.’
. And Rosie. I’m doing this for
“Yes, as long as I have time to transform to mist before the wooden flooring comes down on us.”
to realize it.” He smiled, shaking his head. “She says she’s beyond all that now, and just wants me to be happy. She’s not beyond meddling in it though, and I’m grateful to her for it.”
“See that the guard is doubled, and have her heavily sedated. Use the gas. I don’t want any personnel anywhere near her. I’ll be there as soon as possible.”
he’s been with.”
gone round to see him, and I still have concerns.”
heart.” Sherlock wrapped his arms around him, holding him tight, and thinking about what his deal with Oberon really meant.
“Oh. Dear God in Heaven, I never thought of that.” Sherlock had deliberately read his pulse earlier. Sherlock
idea, and anyway… I don’t mind. There was way too much to do for one person.”
“It’s okay.” Greg turned his head, obviously speaking to the wasp. Anderson shuddered with horror as Greg held his other hand up so she could crawl onto his finger. “I got this.” He glanced over at Anderson. “You’re makin’ them nervous.”
: (18 April, afternoon)
“That’s not what I’m suggesting.” Sherlock’s face was grim. “There’s only one way to stop her, John. I’ll get her attention and you do what you must.”
“Since Greg is still hard, I’m going to lick you now Mycroft. I want to make your hard again. I have an idea for a fun thing we can try. I think you both will like it…”
“And he can’t be banished to some other realm?”
“Then tell me everything you
“…” Speechless, Mycroft ate another biscuit without really noticing until he finally tried to speak. He stuttered, took a sip of tea, and started again. “I have never in my life
“You’re lying.” John knew he looked smug and didn’t care. “It’s not that
“What do you want, Fenris?” Mycroft turned towards him, trying to take his attention away from Greg.
guys was, like, an almost unanimous decision.”
kinda thing might be a phase, but not
“A replica, I’m afraid. Most of the original was destroyed during the war. I did have the original skull, but as it’s a unique species, I donated it to the British Museum.” He gestured to a pair of comfortable-looking leather chairs. “Do have a seat. May I offer you a drink? Wine, perhaps, or I have what I remember to have been a very fine scotch, back when I drank such things…”
“John, it’s
Mycroft and Greg were finally free to settle into their life together without houseguests. While he was no longer an active member of the council, being the head of England’s Agency of Magical Affairs left many of his privileges intact and kept him busy, proceeding over the hiring of a new staff and the massive number of reports they received on suspected mystical activities. One of the most difficult transitions for him was his new fame as England’s premiere sorcerer. He’d spent a lifetime working from the shadows, and still felt more comfortable going in disguise whenever he appeared in public.
“I just cleaned it.” Mycroft shivered again, remembering the delicious sensation when Greg had slipped a warm, soapy, flannel-clad finger into him.
“Yes, well…” Mycroft blushed, grinning slyly at Greg. “I’m told I have a magnificent arse.”
“Sherlock, I want you to know I’m happy for you and John. He’s a good man, and you seem… really happy.”
: (20 April, late-morning)
: (27 April, late evening)
be sensible, John. It’s for the good of the nation. Oh, Mycroft’s having your military rank reactivated. It may come in handy.”
“You’re not gay, John. Even if you’re faithful to Sherlock the rest of your life, you’re still attracted to women. Is anything you do in bed with him gonna change that? Would lettin’ him top you change it?”
“True, to an extent. I can recognize the aesthetic value of some people, but the element of physical attraction isn’t there. I suppose that’s one reason I found it so unsettling that Lucifer was able to evoke a physical response from me.”
“I’ve already set the paperwork in motion. By tomorrow, Alice will have a new birth certificate and will legally be your daughter.” Mycroft smiled at the look in Greg’s eyes, proud that he could bring him so much happiness. “Congratulations, my love. You’re going to be a father.”
“If he does become out of control, is there any way to stop him?”
“If Tom agrees, yeah.” He shrugged in unhappy resignation, looking at the man sitting across from him. Tom had made it clear that if Sherlock Holmes was involved, cooperation was his safest choice.
“And you ate it.”
“Has it been that obvious for that long? Why? What do I do that makes it so… obvious to everyone but me?”
“I have a lover,” he murmured. Greg stirred, half awakened. He snuggled closer and tightened his grip.
.” Mycroft’s smile was distinctly predatory. As soon as he found out how to eradicate them, he was planning a miniature genocidal war in his back garden.
“You are…
“What was it? What did you see.”
“If I wanted to be insulted, I’d still be on the phone with Mycroft.” Grumbling indigently, he pulled another smoke out, stared at it indecisively and finally put it back in the pack.
“For the better? Do you really think so?”
moments. If John caught me at one of those moments, even I can’t predict how I’d react with
“Huh. I own Molly a tenner, then.” He grinned at John. “I thought for sure, him and Janine…”
“Like this.” He stood up, walking over to Sherlock and dragging him to his feet. John pulled his head down for a deep, lingering kiss. His hand slid down, caressing the front of his lover’s trousers. He grinned and reached around him, squeezing his arse as he pressed his body against Sherlock’s. “You made me get off for forty-three minutes. I wonder how long
“What gave it away?”, Lucifer chuckled.
wife that
limits.”
“How do you fight someone like me?”
“No.” His fingers drummed restlessly on bed where he sat beside John. “Yes. Maybe. I don’t know.”
happens, we must be prepared enough to at least
“I’d like you to explain his healing abilities first. I’m quite sure
“Surprisingly more so than I should be. I suppose I’m a bit…
“God, I want you so much.” Greg looked deep into his lover’s shining blue-grey eyes as Mycroft’s hands reached up, pulling his head down for a kiss.
“What’s all this for then?” He stared down at the list. Other than some stereotypically arcanely-titled books, there was a long list of bizarre items. “Powdered
“There’s no need to get touchy, Doctor. Don’t take it so personally. Nearly everyone wants me.” He grinned at Sherlock. “But not you? Mortals are so very interesting.”
…”, Sherlock gasped. “Cum with me!” He came, splattering across John’s chest and belly. John drove himself deep inside him, climaxing with him. Sherlock stayed in place until John’s now soft cock slipped out of him. He laid beside him, clinging to him and pressing against his skin. He nuzzled into his neck, breathing in his scent. His parents were coming, and he’d needed a fix to calm himself.
“You’re gay?” John blurted it out and then blushed faintly. “I’m sorry. You don’t have to answer that.”
“Well, entertaining as all this is, John and I should get our daughter home. Mycroft, is your car available?” Sherlock resisted the temptation to tease his brother, though he couldn’t help staring a bit. Mycroft with a child in his arms was an uncharacteristic sight, and somehow more than a bit unsettling.
“I’m going with you to Sherrinford.” Sherlock’s fingers drummed restlessly on the seat.
Greg grabbed a pillow, shoving it under the small of his lover’s back as Mycroft wrapped his trembling legs around his waist. He lined up his cock, slowly pressing it through the tight ring of muscle until it was fully sheathed inside his lover’s body.
had almost made the whole uncomfortable conversation worth it.
the moment, observing it, and I’m never
“Was it hard for you, with Grandpa?”
. People die, and it
“Because I truly thought that outside of you, I had eliminated any desires of a physical nature.”
“Maybe. Maybe not. He’s not like most other Gods. It is a hard thing to explain to a human.” He sighed, trying to find the right words to explain. The humans here seemed to lack the most basic knowledge of how existence worked. “Everything is a part of what is woven, even the Nornir.”
John woke to the sight of Sherlock, arse in the air, rummaging around under the chair. He went from drowsy to wide awake instantly and sat bolt upright, heart hammering in his chest.
“God, Lover, I want your cock inside me so much”, Greg growled softly as he felt it throbbing in his grasp. He reached over, grabbing the lube from the bedside table and warming it in his hand before spreading it on his lover’s hard, hot flesh. Mycroft moaned softly, thrusting into his touch. Rolling over to take the bottle from him, he coated his fingers and worked them into Greg’s body as Fenris slid down and spread Mycroft’s cheeks.
going to need you to hit me. Just a little bit.”
“Well, he is practically related to you.”
The great beast roared with anger, perplexed that its target remained in the sky. It opened it jaws wide, preparing to breathe again. As it did, Lucifer reluctantly dove straight down its maw. He’d have to destroy it from the inside and it was doubtful he’d be able to get out the same way he went in.
“Are you quite sure you can handle both of us at once?” Mycroft tried not to look too hopeful, though the idea Fenris had proposed was very intriguing. It sounded delightfully decadent.
Now he’d finally cracked, and she wondered what to do. She knew she should report him, but she didn’t want to see his career end like that. Sally didn’t know who to turn to. She knew he wasn’t close to his family, and she didn’t know any of his friends, unless she counted Sherlock. Despite all the help he’d given them and his vindication in the Moriarty case, she still didn’t trust him, and she trusted his brother even less. She sighed softly and went back to the crime scene.
to show me I wasn’t alone, I was
“I’m familiar with the problem.” He shrugged. “Perhaps you
“Then we’ve agreed to be exclusive. I think, also, that I should say that if I’m ever unavailable or too tired, I don’t have any objections to the two of you having sex without me.” The idea of Greg having sex with any other person would have driven him into a fit of despair and rage, but he found the idea of his beloved having Fenris to turn to in those situations was strangely comforting.
“Do you now?” Lucifer let his dressing gown slip to the floor as his wings appeared, and sat on the bed near John. “They’re delightfully sensitive here. Touch them if you’d like.” He indicated the soft, downy feathers on the underside of his wings. John reached out, tentatively stroking them. Lucifer shivered under his touch, making a soft, almost-cooing moan.
, Greg. And God help me, I still don’t understand
” He circled over the battlefield, looking down with his sharp black eyes. “
“Is Violet really going to be okay?” Alice sat her bear back in its place on the shelf, looking worriedly at Greg. Despite his reassurances, she was still used to being blamed for everything and she couldn’t help feeling that she’d somehow hurt Violet.
, John. If she’s going to grow up in a world with vampires and magic and… murderous garden fairies, I’m going to do everything I can to help keep her safe.”
“Sherlock?” Still naming off fairies, Emily had pulled out the small notebook she used to help her remember all their names.  “Hey, where’d your crown go?”
Over 2,000 people had died in the attack, a number that obviously would have been substantially higher without the team. There had been a great deal of property damage; Westminster bridge would need extensive rebuilding, Whitehall and Buckingham Palace had been heavily damaged, and a number of buildings, both public and private had suffered greatly from the fires. While there had been some rioting and panic, for the most part, the people of London had come together in the aftermath of the tragedy; cleaning up debris, mourning the dead, dealing with the new reality of magic, and celebrating their newest heroes.
“Soon. Violet… remember when I told you about magic?” Deeply moved, Mycroft felt his voice catching in his throat. She had felt sadness and empathy. She truly had changed, and if he’d been alone, he might have wept from sheer happiness.
“What you can tell me about Mr. Morningstar? What did he require in exchange for his favor?”
“It’s an herb, and yes. We’re going to perform a series of experiments designed to provide empirical data. Even magic
fact with the fact his lover was a
“I wasn’t too rough then, that bit in the end?”
help with… this?”
“To form an agency capable of handling the situation. As I said, I intend to continue with my plan regardless of governmental support, but obviously, it would make things much easier for all involved if I have it.”
ghost you can see, it may be better if you help Molly in the lab.”
Bisexual, I mean. Do you even
so.” He didn’t look up, but a quick smile flashed across his lips.
“Wilson, keep it simple for now.”
He came to the unfortunate conclusion that there was only one person with both the intelligence and experience to understand the magnitude of his problem. His younger brother Sherlock would see how awful it truly was. He’d have to drop by Baker Street a bit sooner than he’d planned.
“Some small part of you is tempted, though, isn’t it?”
“They… they’re gay too? I saw the Twitter post, but I was sure it was for a case… How long have they been a… a couple?”
