A part of his brain couldn't help but protest heavily against this. He still felt small and vulnerable under the Captain's gaze, but he also found an overwhelming sense of comfort and safety around him. It baffled him. One minute he's the Captain America he could never amount to, and
Dum-E whirred and beeped.
“Don’t get used to it, Tony. I’ll still kick your ass during sparing sessions,” Natasha smiled mischievously as she sipped on her smoothie.
“We wanna plant these trees,” Natasha says and points to the tall trees put in large glass containers behind her. “You don’t have to do this alone.”
“OOOOOOO!”
Steve kept staring up at Tony who awkwardly shifted on his feet. “I’ll leave you two catch up. I’ll, uh, be here soon again,” Tony said as he started to walk out.
“Fuck you. You don’t fucking care. You’re just doing this to rid yourself of guilt and to make yourself feel better. So fuck you.” He can’t stop. He knows he’ll regret this, but he can’t bring himself to care. “Fuck you for being his friend. Fuck you for being so perfect and noble and righteous. Fuck you for being everything I couldn’t be. Fuck you for knowing everything I never wanted you to know. Fuck you for not being found—”
“Is everyone, I don’t know, al-fucking-right?”
“Leave,” he whispered the command.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh, did I talk or... um... say anything?” Tony asked nervously.
“Why did you watch them?”
One minute he was watching a documentary on the extinction of animal species, the next he was watching a salamander crawl its way not on the grand screen, but on the walls of the cave.
"My friend, they know you for putting a stop to the Chitauries. The army has been terrorizing tribes of different realms for centuries, and the people of Alfheim fell victims to them, but no more! All thanks to your act of bravery, which they now tell stories of!"
“Can’t. Working,” Tony said as he put his face shield up to glance at the pair of spies. “Are you wearing my hoodie?”
“This is about them knowing, isn’t it?” Rhodey whispers.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony said as he moved a piece of his. “Add a total chess loser to your resume because you just lost in two moves. Checkmate.”
“No,” Tony whispered.
“You swore you wouldn’t do drugs or drink alcohol ever again.”
“Excellent observation, Agent. Now kindly show yourselves back to your floors. I will happily assist you with whatever you may need then.”
And then there was Steve; he stood in the middle of the living room. His eyes shifting from the door Tony would enter from any minute now to his teammates. His blue eyes were dark, his skin itched with anticipation to hold the genius, and his body was trying not to cave in on itself in pain.
Rhodey kept eying his friend and saw right through him. “You need to fix your arc reactor.”
“Yes. I’m sure. I want this.”
He wonders if he’ll ever find someone who becomes his source of never-ending strength, and decides that A) he doesn’t deserve to have that, and B) even if he did somehow have that someone, it wouldn’t be fair on them. He has caused Jarvis and Peggy much stress, and he does so now to Rhodey and Pepper. Which is why he often locks himself away in his lab; he just doesn’t wanna be a burden. Not to mention the mental breakdowns he would spiral into that no one but the Avengers have been witnesses of so far. It makes him wince to recall just how vulnerable and out of control he was, but the vultures of his mind like feeding on pain and self-destruction.
“It’s only the first session, so not much was accomplished, but he was pretty responsive. I deem that a win,” the British woman said. She tucked a loose hair strand behind her ear and Steve would’ve face palmed right then and there if it weren’t for her presence.
“Why?” And here it was. The
WE THINK THE PLACE IS BUGGED. WE NEED TO MOVE TO A SAFER PLACE. I KNOW WHERE. THERE’S A CAR OUTSIDE WAITING FOR US. FOLLOW ME OUT AND ACT NORMAL.
“You’re just what? You’ve been sitting here watching me and don’t think I don’t know what’s going through your head! You think I'm some weak creature who won’t be able to face battles alone—”
Clint cleared his seat to make space for the Captain and sat on the other side to watch intently and narrate the chess battle.
“He’s suspicious, too. He thinks we’re acting weird.”
"What? Who?" Tony asked with furrowed brows.
“Tony, you’re scaring me!” Steve blurts out, albeit frantically.
A few hours passed by with Tony breaking things, putting them back together, lifting off heavy tech, and JARVIS supplying data with whatever is asked of him.
, Tony’s lips
Steve’s heart felt a pang of pain for Peggy, and warm love for Tony. Clearly, this is a man who had frequently visited the old woman and has been incredibly patient with her. To hear him talk of her with so much love and care had made him want to hold Tony’s hand and apologize a hundred times for ever thinking that man was selfish.
Bruce thought with a frown) and said, “Anything for my favorite Doct—woah.”
Steve smiled warmly and read the excerpt from the page he was on out loud for Tony to fall asleep to.
Tony was woken out of a nightmare when Bruce barged into his room and shook him out of his forlorn sleep. His voice was laced with that of the Hulk’s, and Tony mentally facepalmed himself for not pointing it out to Fury that as much as they were living with Bruce Banner, they were also living with a green rage monster who has no room of contamination in this mansion.
“Whatever it takes. I'm with you,” Steve whispered.
“That’s... that’s a brilliant joke, not gonna lie, but of course I wouldn’t have left off without securing everything. I left Rhodey too many suits with much better upgrades and everything that even Iron Man lacked.”
Clint and Thor were in the library room searching for a photo of the young version of the genius but failed. “We should break into his room already,” Clint moaned in defeat as he made his way to the living room.
They were holding their breaths as they stood still in the hallways, just in case. They could hear the audio, but not any other sound. Natasha peeked her head and saw the back of Tony’s head as still as ever, and she wondered if the man was still breathing. He was watching the tape of his fourteen-year-old self get beat to a literal pulp. They could hear the painful audio.
He really needed space, but he also didn’t want to be alone, which ended up with him grunting in annoyance at the littlest of things as he sipped on bitter coffee in the kitchen and glaring at his mug as if it offended him. When Steve had walked up to him all smiles and sunshine, he felt a bit at ease, but his frown and glare didn’t falter.
“Watch him get kicked out of the competition in a few minutes because he’s such a fucking idiot!” Clint yelled shortly after.
Thor then went on to talk about space and all the knowledge he has retained from his many adventures around different realms. Natasha found the topic interesting enough to be taking notes on, and Steve, Bruce, and Clint asked many question. Tony was just trying not to have yet another panic attack. He came out of his trance when Thor mentioned him.
“That’s awesome.” Tony was still smiling, he didn’t know why. He did
“You can kiss me whenever you want, Captain.”
So yes, it was enough for Tony to deal with Steve’s rejection in silence, a persona from who he wanted so bad to impress. He didn’t have to deal with the rejection of somebody like Stephan. Tony was really too old to deal with fake profiles and those little crushes.
“Tony…”
Steve was always awake. Tony got that he didn’t have to sleep as much as any normal human being, probably something related to the super soldier serum. But he found at least funny the way that, whenever Tony walked around the Tower, he would find Steve.
“He didn’t tell me anything, Stark.” Clint seemed to have recovered from the surprise, a wicked smile on his face, shrugging and dismissing the matter. “He told Nat. And I found out.”
, only to use a soft word.
‘Eddie, are you alright?’ everyday he sent that question, waiting that Eddie answered as cheered as he did before.
When Steve nullified the distance between their mouths, Tony became sure that he was melting. He could barely feel his legs, and he had the feeling that, if Steve wasn’t with his arms around Tony, keeping him firmly pressed against his body, Tony would’ve collapsed. Because that was the kiss Tony had dreamed for so long. And the best part was that it was real. Steve was really there, kissing him, letting him taste his lips. A really few number of things could improve that moment.
Tony didn’t look at him. Of course Steve would notice the change in his attitude. But what could he do? Stay by Steve’s side, watching him act like a teenager in love while Tony was right there, envying whoever it was? No, Tony still had a little of self-respect, thank you very much.
“No, nothing.” Tony looked at the robots pieces on the floor, next to his foot. He would have to ask JARVIS to remind him to redesign all training levels. “I just heard you here and come to see if everything was alright.”
‘If you want that to happen, you just need to fall in love with me.’
This moment was practically routine. Every week Tony got carried away by his projects, locking himself for hours and neglecting his basic needs. In those days Steve always brought him dinner, which he carefully prepared in the canister. Then, while Tony ate, Steve sat by his side and asked about Tony’s day. Tony knew he talked too much and used a lot of technical terms that Steve would not understand but Steve stayed by Tony’s side anyway, waiting until he was finished eating, pretending to be completely interested by the topic, whichever it was. Then, looking all innocence, Steve convinced Tony it was a great time to go to sleep.
“Sure. You’re a really busy person.” Steve smile before went back to his sandwich and give it another big bite.
Hawkeye turned his head in Tony's direction. The television was tied in a bridal reality show that Tony did not recognize – they all looked the same to him.
Stark?” Steve laughed when Tony made an annoyed noise, not enjoying being so easily discovered. “I don’t know how we didn’t find out before.”
. I can practically hear you thinking.”
Even though Tony had not moved a single inch, Steve had simply stopped. His blue eyes had closed, as if he was debating something internally. And then Steve simply let go of Tony's hand and pulled back, leaning back against the uncomfortable chair. All Tony could do was face the man in front of him, waiting for any reaction.
“Tony! How did you get into my room?” Steve finally managed to speak after several minutes, finally entering his own room and closing the door behind him.
“Thank you, but I quite like this one. And it’s in perfect shape now, thanks to you. I don’t have to spend money.”
‘Eddie? You still there?’
And there was Steve’s second concern. Tony, unlike Eddie, seemed to be too happy the past days. Smiling all the time, making jokes, even doing small talk with Steve – which was really rare for them both. And if it was just it, that would be fine, but Steve had the feeling that there was more than the man was showing.
“I’m not up to anything, Tony.” Steve observed Tony slide in the sofa and sit next to him, his eyes on the cellphone screen, where a lot of numbers and equations was being shown, which Steve knew nothing about.
“Nothing. He just... Stand still. Watching me.”
He also liked the “billionaire” part of his qualities, this one for the obvious reasons. Tony had really expensive taste since he was a kid, and money had never ever been a problem in his life. It was the lux he allowed himself to have and, honestly, he really deserved. And all this money was exactly what allowed him to live his playboy life, full of  glimpses and so socially
“Go.”
“I’m not finished.” Steve cut him, which caused Tony’s eyebrows to arch. He was pretty sure that Steve considered interrupting people in such a rude way a complete lack of education, and he really didn’t remember seeing Steve being rude. “What I mean, Tony, is that I really understand that you could have problems with… Homosexuality. I’m not gonna ask you to love this part of me, but I really believe that–”
?!” the new information was surprising enough to disturb Steve. His reflexes slowed, giving him no time to dodge the sharp punch Natasha threw in his direction and, of course, hit his nose.
Tony, however, had never given any sign of feeling for Steve anything but friendship. Honestly, Steve was okay with it. He liked to have the man around, even if it was only as a friend.
, and that’s how he met Eddie.
“What is it, Stark?” Clint took another bite of his lunch, chewing in a way that was the completely opposite to ‘elegant’.
“I know that you love me.” Even as Tony's voice was harsh and sleepy, Steve could still hear a note of affection. “I love you too and
Steve was afraid that Natasha would say he was being stupid.
“There’s not a single universe I’d say no, Steve.” In a quick gesture, Tony lunged forward, practically climbing onto Steve’s lap. “I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Yes, Steve Rogers. I want to marry you.”
Two weeks without being able to look at the man he considered his best friend. And for who he had been in love for so many months that he had honestly lost count.
It was what Steve wanted to ask, but a voice inside his head said it was best to be cordial. He looked at Tony, who was sitting on his bed, a serious expression turned toward him.
“It was nothing.” Tony shrugged. It was true, he had absolutely no work. “I can give you a new one. Honestly.”
“Dinner? How long have I been here?” Tony wasted no time, opening his canister and grabbing a huge portion, finally noticing how hungry he was. Like any normal human being, he was used to forget about eating, of course. Totally normal.
He gestured for Steve to sit in that chair – which he still had to get out of there – and took the damn screwdriver from the floor. In a few seconds the drawing tablet was open at his desk. Identifying what was causing a defect had been easier than removing a few screws: a small fuse was burnt, one of the simplest, of which Tony owned thousands. A scramble here and there and he'd fixed Steve's drawing table.
“Really?” Steve’s smile faded. Tony wanted to scream. Anyone who took off that smile from Captain America’s face was surely a horrible person.
And since then they were together, dating. Tony made Steve’s every day something special. He felt a bit of an idiot for letting himself fall so deeply in love, losing all his defenses. But how could he be blamed if, by having Tony by his side, he discovered the true meaning of happiness? All he wanted was to be with Tony forever, and then a bit more.
Steve's left hand closed around Tony's wrist, but he did not try to push the engineer's hand away. Brown and blue eyes were facing each other. Steve should have pushed Tony away. Why hadn’t he pushed Tony away? Steve’s hand still held Tony’s fist, keeping the warm touch. It seemed like Steve didn’t want Tony to depart.
Tony hated when Stephan did that kind of thing. He really hated when his messages had any kind of flirt. Because Tony, being Tony, knew how to recognize a flirt like nobody. And, from time to time, Stephan flirted. Normally Tony had the feeling that he did that unconsciously. And even when he knew that it was not Stephan’s fault, he got a bit angry.
‘Even in this we combine’ he took a little to type. He was slower than Tony, Clint, Natasha e all the others Avengers – except maybe from Thor, he seemed to have bigger problems with tech than Steve.
And when Steve was so close that Tony could smell his toothpaste and see some small, almost imperceptible spots on his face, when Tony was so sure that Steve was going to kiss him, the Captain stopped.
“Are you hooking up? With each other, I mean.”
As he entered the coffee, his heart beating fast and his hands colder than usual, Tony started searching for the blue flowers. And he found it. And, sitting by the table, was Steve Rogers. Stephan. And he smiled at Tony. Everything Tony managed to think was “nope”. Because Stephan was Steve, and he wasn’t ready to handle it.
“Anything else?” Tony really didn’t want to sound rude, but he did.
The worst part was that it was somehow affecting Steve. Like it or not Eddie was how he escaped that heroes, villains and world domination reality he lived in – villains still thought that world domination was possible. But with Eddie acting like that was getting really hard to use his escape valve.
“I got distracted during training with Natasha. But it’s alright. It is not crooked.”
“Is there something going on between you and Steve?”
Steve took a deep breath, watching as Tony came into the coffee and moved his head, searching for something. For someone. Steve thought about duck, hide, just go away and pretend that any of that was happening. Because Eddie was Tony. During all this time he was in love with Tony.
Natasha's voice sounded completely normal, even though she and Steve had been in the training room for over an hour, fighting each other, reviewing movements and flaws in their styles. Her red hair was fastened on a high ponytail which despite having a few strands out of place, remained firmly on the woman's head. Steve blond and sweaty strings were already attached to his forehead and neck, which reminded him that it was time for a haircut.
“That we should get married.” Steve also sat down, talking quietly. “With each other, I mean.”
“Tony, I think we should get off the sidewalk.” This time Steve was the one breaking the kiss. “Maybe we should go home…”
“It's one way of seeing things.” His voice was no more than a whisper, his lips barely moving.
Steve shook his head, denying it. That was completely out of question. He was not going to talk to Tony about how pathetic he was by thinking it might be a good idea to ‘follow the mood’ and kiss his best friend. Steve was smarter than that, he knew Tony would never feel the same about him. Steve had already made the mood uncomfortable enough, he did not have to make things worse by confessing his feelings.
Five minutes in complete silence was enough for Tony's breathing to enter a calm, silent rhythm, sleep taking him quickly. Still with the man in his arms, Steve straightened up, listening to him mutter in his sleep, but soon accepting the new position. The blonde couldn’t help but laugh, noticing that even in his sleep Tony could be grumpy and also affectionate, plunging into Steve’s embrace.
“Fuck,” Tony says, softly but with feeling. He swirls his fingers through the air in a vague gesture.
thank you to
They lay there afterwards, and Tony shucks the rest of his clothes while Steve uses a few tissues to sort of clean up, and tosses them onto the floor even though the garbage can is right there under the desk—it’s delightful how messy Steve can be when he finally lets go.
He starts putting together Bucky's arm that night. Some time during the evening he’d gotten a reply from T’Challa that contained scans of Barnes’s torso, the mess of biological tissue and mechanical parts and wiring at Bucky’s shoulder, and attached had also been an edited version of the designs he’d sent, notated by someone named Shuri. And it’s fantastic, incredible, makes his eyes go wide and steals his breath it’s so good. He doesn’t have any idea who Shuri is but his new life goal is to meet them and possibly worship the ground they walk on.
“Steve’s a worrier,” Tony says around a mouth of pepperoni. Really though, he’s surprised by the distinct lack of disbelief that sentence brings up. Of course, that voice in the back of his head still whispers, still sneers, asks why in God’s name Steve would be worried about him, asks where that worry was in Siberia—but that’s not right, and this isn’t Siberia. That sentence edits his imagined memories of Steve outside the door, does a lot of work toward solidifying the image of Steve sad and worried instead of exasperated and outraged.
Two weeks later, Natasha convinces him to start woking on the pardons for the rogue Avengers. Tony screams, and a few tears might even spill down his face, and Natasha just stands there and takes it. That part's pretty terrible.
“FRIDAY said you were gone but she didn’t say you weren’t coming back—”
It’s a dishonest peace, Tony realizes. He scrunches his eyes shut.
lab for you if I have anything to say about it.”
“Oh, yeah,” Tony says easily. “Sure.”
“What?” Steve says, still looking like he wants to cry a little bit.
Too bad Tony knows better. God, he wishes Steve would ask questions, would admit he doesn’t understand something, because Tony’s imagination is running wild with all the interpretations Steve could be coming up with, all the assumptions Steve could be making. Each and every one of these scenarios in Tony’s head end in hellfire.
“Tony,” she says softly, and she looks hesitant now, in the way her chin ducks, confused in the pinch between her eyebrows. “You look good.”
“Alright,” Vision says, motioning Clint forward. “Age before beauty.”
But Steve’s still here, sleeping in a hospital bed, and it easily could’ve been worse. It conjures images of Rhodey, breathing deep and looking at the ceiling as he tries not to panic, and of Happy, his face slack but swollen and purple—and the guilt flares to life. But that’s not quite right.
“I’d be worried if you didn’t.”
“And yet,” Bruce says.
“Tough luck.”
“Last breakfast,” Tony scoffs, hiding his own smile into his mug. “Gimme a break.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, “thanks.”
So they talk. Really and truly for maybe the second or third instance in all the time they’ve known each other. This is the thing they’re always trying to reach, this closeness, this meshing—like they were made to work together. It’s natural as breathing. Tony almost wants to kick himself for not taking Steve up on this offer sooner, back when he’d followed Tony out to Malibu like the reckless, impulsive little shit he truly is.
“First time for everything,” Pepper says, voice distant and cool from her spot against the wall.
When Tony turns back to Clint, both his eyebrows are raised and his smile has melted into something a little more genuine.
“You’re okay,” he says. “They’re going to take some scans. All you have to do is stay still until they’re done.”
“Yes, okay, I was a teenager, what do you expect from me? No,” Tony says immediately. “Don’t answer that. Just come look at your new arm.”
Tony laughs, and cuts off with a gasp when the air’s knocked out of him from behind.
“Right,” he says instead. “We’ll need to—do a sweep of the area. Collect the debris.”
Two thoughts rise up simultaneously and crash into one another.
Tony Stark cannot sleep. He can’t. It’s becoming concerning, just a little.
He lets the tech speak long enough to explain the test and give instructions before gesturing toward the intercom button himself. The tech shrugs, so Tony leans forward and starts.
“Tell ya what,” Bucky says, looking back to Steve, “you let ’em get an X-ray and I’ll personally help you fight your way into Tony’s room.”
“Debatable.” Tony stood, stretched. He felt more like himself than he had all night. “Technically it’s Sensory Processing Disorder, and it’s often a symptom of something else. In casual conversation you can just call it being overwhelmed or sensory overload.”
Steve nods, looking distracted and dazed and—hot damn, Tony’s still
“Nah,” Tony says. I’m pretty sure it’s just a mental break this time, he doesn’t say.
“Aw,” Tony says, “thanks, honeybear. That’s the sweetest thing you’ve ever said to me.”
An uncertain futurist. His father’s son, standing on the edge of a cliff, asking these people, “Will you catch me if I jump?”
When it looks like he’s about to get roped in to dishwashing duty (which consists of collecting, rinsing, and then loading the dishes into the machine, but still), he cites a conference call for SI and makes a hasty retreat.
“C’mon, blackmail material is valuable.”
well and truly good, but it doesn’t exactly take all of his concentration. His attention wanders off and, with it, his emotions. On the one hand, he knows he’s been doing everything in his power to keep the team together and legit and keep them from being tyrants, and he thinks—hopes, desperately—that the rest of the team understands that now. On the other hand, Tony should’ve done more, should’ve been better, but he doesn’t know how. Everyone shoots blame at him, but nobody can seem to tell him what he should’ve done differently. He’s a convenient scapegoat, he knows: when things go right it’s just his duty to give back to the people he profited off of for so long, when things go wrong it’s because he wasn’t paying attention, didn’t try hard enough, was sleeping on the job—
“Steve,” Tony says and, because he looks a little panicked, “you hit your head.”
The conversation flows easily, and Tony eats slowly, in the pauses between conversations. If it’s early in New York, it’s practically the middle of the night on the West Coast. Tony asks about it when Cassie hangs up, and Scott shrugs and says something about nightmares. Scott downs two more cups of coffee in rapid succession and declares he’s going back to bed.
they do X, Y and Z, they should be allowed to engage the threat mindfully, following protocol, and still let the UN or appropriate authorities know. Basically, Tony sends back his general agreement and crosses his fingers.)
“That’s BS and you know it,” Sam says, but his tone is much kinder than Bruce’s. “Not every job that involves regular near-death has mental safety nets in place, but they all should and a lot of them do.”
“She may have said something about stabbing him with a heel when she came to visit after Siberia,” Tony says.
“Alright,” Steve says, softly but with conviction. “Okay, Tony. I can do that.”
“Oh, Fri,” Tony says easily enough, even if his voice sounds worse than before, “I
“FRIDAY, reroute power to reactor.” He stops, listens for the whine of it powering up. Then he fires when the thing’s face is aligned.
Contrary to popular belief, though, he can recognize when it’s not about him (sometimes). He sits quietly and doesn’t throw a tantrum and watches Steve even though he thinks seeing Steve here, like this, might break his heart a little more with every passing second.
he thinks desperately.
Press duty will no longer be handled by any one person; ideally they can work out a rotation, but the main issue is that they’ll be on teams or in pairs.
“Honestly?” Tony says, and he sounds amused. Steve’s eyes start welling up at the same moment Sam comes to stand in his doorway, arms crossed and eyebrows up. “Nothing. I’m sitting at home and have the holiday off for some reason, it’s probably a fluke with the calendar and I’ll get hell for it tomorrow, but Pep’s gotta actually talk to me to yell at me so I figure it won’t be too bad, either way.”
He’s looking at his reflection in the mirror, shirtless still, only a towel around his hips because he’s still not cold, eyes locked on his own face and avoiding his torso, and he’s twirling the scissors idly. Even without looking for his missing scars, there’s plenty odd about the picture. His gray hair is gone, the near permanent bruises underneath his eyes have vanished too. It’ll take some getting used to, that’s for sure. And his wrinkles, his face looks downright alien with his skin smoothed out like that. He rotates his left wrist, which has been aching almost constantly since the Accords, and it doesn’t hurt, so at least Extremis was good for something.
There’s a long pause where Tony rests his face against Vision’s shoulder and pretends it’s as soft as a human’s. He doesn’t know if he should be reassuring Wanda or not. For one thing, that’s not something they do. For another, he has no idea if it actually was her fault, consciously or unconsciously.
“Are you,” Steve says, pauses. “Talking about my eye color?”
Steve stares at him for another minute, and then scoffs, turns back to the road, and starts up the ridiculously long driveway to the compound.
Wanda looks from the alien to Tony and then back, arms held up to keep the thing in place. Tony can tell, they’re both going to be having nightmares about this for a while. Yay for trauma bonding.
“Good morning,” Steve says.
“Huh,” Tony says.
“I can’t do this,” Steve admits. He drops his hand, but doesn’t move away, and Tony misses it terribly, but stays still. “Obviously,” he huffs on a silent laugh, and Tony’s heart pounds in his chest. “You protect us, endlessly. From the people we’re trying to help, from needing to find other places to live, from Ross, from things like
“Mr. Stark?” she asks, oddly hesitant. Tony can’t remember her sounding hesitant before, not even in the thick of the Ultron debacle. He clears his throat and winces.
“How much did he pay you to say that?” he asks.
It was a hand on his shoulder that broke Tony free from the feedback loop in his head. He fell away from the sensation and smacked the back of his neck on what must’ve been Vision’s rock hard shoulder.
“Anyways,” Steve says. “This eagle was Zeus’s—minion, I guess.” He lowers his arm back to the ground, and his knuckles rest against Tony’s thigh. Carefully,
Three hours later he and Sam are watching French TV, but it’s muted and they’re filling in the dialogue with their own ridiculous version. It’s something Bucky used to do while waiting for a shot when he was too far away to hear, and the memory makes something twist in Steve’s gut. He squashes it, reminds himself that Bucky’s safe with T’Challa, frozen and probably waiting for Steve and Tony to get their shit together or for the world to start ending again.
“And why are you suddenly so ready to jump on board with helping him?”
Rhodey wobbles where he’s crouching and Tony snaps out a hand to steady him.
Tony sniffs, exuding a careful air of clinical indifference as he talks science laying in Steve’s bed, fingers still curled around his wrist. Steve himself smiles like he’s trying to keep it small.
“Hawkeye,” Clint mumbles where he’s already stumbling along at Steve’s side. “Med-assist required.”
“Long time, no see,” a reporter will say. “How much longer you think you’ll keep the superhero thing going? What’s next?”
“Thank you, T’Challa,” Steve says, and they’re wheeling Tony down the alley now, so Steve starts making his way toward the building they landed on. “Avengers, list off.”
A doctor came in and poked around, but he mostly just asked questions instead of answering them. Which makes sense; Bruce had been in the room first and had at least sounded like he was gearing up to say something before storming off. But—for Extremis to have gone its full course, he had to be out for about 48 hours. He’s not entire sure how long it’s been since Chicago at this point. He’ll ask FRIDAY, but not in front of Sam.
It’s Sam, and the knot in Tony’s gut that’s always expecting a fight loosens.
“I—know,” Tony says, and for the first time, his breath catches on the lie. Because the whole point is that he doesn’t know, that his doubts run rampant until they tear him to pieces and rearrange him into some cornered animal.
“I know,” Bruce says, but he
“Give me a sign,” Tony says, pleads, hands out to look nonthreatening. “Just gimme a reason not to kill you, that’s all I need.”
And so Steve had promised to respect his space, and Tony had sworn on Maria’s grave to honestly try to be where he said he would be when he said he would be there. And it’s been going pretty well considering it’s him and Tony, but SI’s in the middle of a crisis—which is fine, Tony told him he’d be pretty busy until the metaphoric fire was extinguished, but there was clear communication and everything. The crisis has been going on for two weeks, though, and four days ago Tony blacked out the lab and stopped letting people in.
It’s out of his control, and he’s uncertain of the outcome.
“Nope,” Bruce says.
“Quiche," Tony says, pointing at him with the hand not holding his mug. “Can you make quiche? Do we have stuff here for quiche? I can make french toast.”
“Oh no, no, no,” Tony cuts in. Steve tries to talk again and Tony raises his voice just enough to talk over him. “You don’t need to apologize for not coming to see me. You just, you realize I’m there for a reason, right? That shit’s like a different language and I’ve gone over every point at least a dozen times with an entire team of lawyers. Legalese doesn’t always mean what the individual words translate to, and some of that developed when you were taking your ice nap.”
“Mother
“Results of experiments are only given any sort of scientific validity after repeated trials,” he says instead. “Under varying conditions, of course, to make sure the results aren’t stemming from an altogether unrelated variable.”
“I really do gotta head out,” he says.
“Why should we?” And that’s Wanda, sitting at the kitchen island. Tony moves his gaze to her but keeps his body squared towards Steve. “If they’re just going to let us come back and help when there’s real trouble, why should we stay? Why do we need to deal with the Accords at all?”
It takes Steve about ten more minutes to wake, even with the added weight of Tony’s eyes on him. Once he gets going, he wakes up rather quickly, though Tony suspects this is Steve’s version of slow and relaxed, eyes blinking open soon after his breathing loses the unhurried rhythm of sleep. His smile is wide, closed-lipped and goofy when his eyes focus, though Tony thinks that’s maybe the most ridiculous response to waking up to a grown man staring at you intently. Tony smiles back anyway, smaller and more awake but just as fond, because it is rather flattering.
“She was also the first one to come back,” Tony admits, and honestly, he’s never going to figure out the Black Widow. He thinks he finally gets how she operates, the conflicting modes of decision making she goes through, even though he can hardly predict what she’ll settle on in any given moment. The thing is: even if she’s just as likely to poison him as help him to his feet, he knows she cares, and that it hurts her to choose against him, against any of them. “She snuck back into the compound before anything was settled, before there was any emergency or threat.”
“Mornin’,” Bucky says.
“I don’t care that you used Extremis, because it kept you alive, and that’s good enough for me. The rest of it…” He shrugs. “I’d still like to go out for coffee, if that’s alright with you.”
He could do it, so, so easily.
“Everyone’s staying here tonight,” he grinds out. “Except T’Challa. You’re free to go whenever you wish, Your Highness,” he adds to the man beyond Steve’s shoulder where he’s sitting on a plush chair.
“You really did not sleep a wink, did you?” Tony observes, remembering this look from the early days of Avengers Tower, right after New York, when Bruce came back with him for want of anything more pressing to attend to.
“Listen, man, Captain America is a lotta things, but stupid isn’t one of them.” Tony opens his mouth, but Rhodey continues before he can say a word, “And neither is cruel, Tones. He’s not gonna repeat history if he can help it.”
“Like hell you’re not,” Tony says. “Kicking Wanda off? Making grandiose promises of anything, whatever I need?” He throws his hands into the air and walks in a circle.
“Leave,” Tony says, pointing down the hall. “Go, really, I mean it. That was terrible, Rhodes, deplorable.”
“No immediately obvious fractures of the spinal cord or neck,” FRIDAY says after a moment. “I wouldn’t recommend moving him until paramedics arrive.”
Uncertainty is complicated. In mechanical, practical problems, he can poke and prod at them, adjust them until it’s all worked out. (At least most of the time. Again: Ultron.) People, however, experience poking and prodding, and don’t reset with every new attempt. These people-populated scenarios are far more fraught. He hates having to face this kind of unpredictability he hates, the kind he doesn’t want to face at all.
“Uh…I don’t. What’re—she’s nine.” Scott laughs.
Instead, he implements those new parameters and takes his suit down to the gym to teach FRIDAY more of his fighting style. She’s seen videos before and studied the way he moves from afar, but he’s never had her record the movements while he’s in the armor. Maybe in the next couple weeks he’ll go out and fight some minor crime, just so she gets a better feel for it. Or just the next time he’s called out, there’s no rush really.
“All that shit you’ve been doing for the team since it started—all that extra weight I thought was your burden to bear,” Steve says. “We need a system that doesn’t break your back by design.”
“Bruce had a, uh, good point before though,” Scott says after another moment. “Therapy’s kinda personal, isn’t it? What gives you the right to tell us we need it?”
“Given our track record?” he says. He gets out of the passenger seat and raises his arms over his head to stretch his back. It’s more out of habit now than any actual need to work the kinks out, but it feels good nonetheless, like the slow, careful breaths he takes now, pulling air into his lungs and all the way to the bottom. He closes his eyes and sinks into it before releasing with a sigh. “I think hell might be freezing over.”
He couldn’t believe. The odds were so, so low that he was pretty sure that was all a nightmare, and soon he would wake up with his face on the keyboard of one of his workshop’s computers, what happened frequently. Stephan couldn’t be Steve, not after everything Tony had lived because of him. It was unacceptable that he complained about Steve for Steve. That he suffered so much for so long because Steve wasn’t in love with him but was in love with… Him.
“No.”
“Yes, Mr. Barton?”
“Are you going to tell me what happened?” She sat next to him.
“Ahn…” Steve also looked surprised. He let go off the sandwich, swallowing fast the amount that he had just bit and cleaning the corner of his mouth with his thumb, a gesture that made Tony automatically look away. He wasn’t forcing himself to deal with that. “I’m going to… Run, in a while. And then I’m going to SHIELD HQ.  Fury asked... Ahn... That’s basically it. Ahn... And you?”
Steve’s eyes were locked on Tony’s screen, watching as the equations disappeared, so the question caught him off guard. He gave Tony a jumpy look, not really understanding what those words should mean. Girlfriend? Introducing? What? That conversation wasn’t making any sense.
“By the way, I know you said it was not my business, but you know I’m curious. Did you tell him?”
“Hold me.” Tony whined, which made Steve giggle.
“Why did you ask about Steve and me?” Tony sat on the couch’s arm, staring at Clint with a serious expression.
He could start a fight, an argument, anything like that. Actually he felt an urgency to answer in the most sarcastic and less polite way that he could think about, but he was just not in the mood. It was really early, he hadn’t had his coffee and Steve looked really interested on his sandwich. So he could be with the damn thing.
“Sure.” Tony smiled sarcastically. “Is Fury asking too much of you? Because it’s just like him, you know, do this kind of stuff. He thinks that we are all super spy robots and just because SHIELD still has some control over the Avengers he can give us those absurd commands and abuse our goodwill, especially you, ‘cause you’re always ready to serve. Like we’re all a bunch of-”
Steve suspected that Eddie was really sad about something. He did want to know what that was about, but at the same time he didn’t want to seem invasive. It wasn’t just curiosity, he was genuinely concerned. Steve had already accepted that, probably, he was in love with Eddie, so just the thought of the man being so sad made him a lot uncomfortable.
“No, seriously. I have so many plans for the two of us, Steve. Taking you home is just the beginning.”
“I was really stressed out.”
“Wait a second!” Tony suddenly pulled away, scaring Steve. “Wait, why Stephan?”
Steve’s blue eyes got huge, his face, neck, ears, everything that the Captain America’s uniform didn’t cover seemed to become pink. And Tony was so, so chocked and offended that he didn’t even think that was cute. Tony was really mad with that insinuation.
Tony wants to call back, to say
a pain in the ass. Just wait.”
“Stark,” Steve barks, and he sounds pissed and a half. “What part of
—and downs half of his coffee in one go.
“Of course, Captain,” FRIDAY says.
He thinks of Pepper when they were together, and her hand on his shoulder as they lay side-by-side was enough on the better days to signal to his brain that he was safe-home-happy. He thinks of JARVIS obliging Tony after Afghanistan, how he would start dictating old theoretical work at him, always with a twist—
It’s only after he says this, of course, that his eye catches on the disaster close to the back corner of the ’shop, like someone toppled something explosive and then covered the mess in a blanket. He reaches for a stern, disappointed voice, because that’s the only way the bots ever learn, but what comes out is laughter, bubbling and floating out of him, until he’s leaning on U for support and Dum-E comes back to poke at him like he’s looking for the reset button.
“I’ll be making amends till the day I die. Actually, if everything works out, I’ll be actively making amends for about twenty years after that too. But I don’t have the time to be kissing ass for the decisions I stand behind.”
“Hey, Fri,” he says, because she’s his baby, she needs
He starts to cut apart another piece of tortellini, slitting it length-wise and separating the cheese inside. It takes only a couple of minutes of staring at it from the corner of his eye and shifting it around before he scoops it all onto his fork and puts the bite into his mouth. It’s cold by then, but still tasty.
The elevator doors chime open and Tony steps out.
and FINALLY, we have peter! my child, your child, tony's child. i know y'all have been waiting for this for a while. me too, man. me too
So the familiarity and relative simplicity is
“We were, actually,” Natasha says. “SHIELD screened candidates for the original team.”
Tony sends back the YouTube link to
Natasha nods slowly. Tony can only see it out of the corner of his eye; they’re both still sitting against the side of the tub, facing the door.
“A smoothie in the lab,” Clint says, and now he’s grumbling in Tony’s direction.
“Yeah,” he says, sounding breathless.
“Heading up to the farm for a day trip,” he says, looking down at his own feet for a second. When he looks back up, his smile is bittersweet. “Laura’s not ready to take me back, but she’s ready to let me see my kids again.”
“Tony?”
“This,” Steve says, and he walks toward Tony. They’d both gravitated to opposite sides of the row they’d been walking down; it had seemed safer, more practical, overall easier to say what they needed to say. “The Avengers, the rest of it.”
Tony swallows and grits his teeth. Wanda’s not a kid, but she’s young. Tony thinks he knows how this has to play out, whether there’s someone still in there or not.
Okay, he tells himself. Another compromise: he’ll get caffeine and a quick update from whoever else is there. Just a quick pass through the kitchen for some coffee, and then down to the lab. It’s still before dawn, so he takes the time to shower and dress in shop clothes, jeans and a couple of t-shirts.
was going along with it, and you know enough by now to know that was basically a miracle.”
“Fixed his spleen with the portable Cradle,” she says to Steve, voice hushed but not secretive. Wanda’s asleep now, but Vision and Sam are listening attentively, the others all quiet and in varying degrees of pretending to give them privacy. “The rest of the internal damage was fixed the old fashioned way. No collapsed lungs, which is a miracle considering the mess of his ribs. Too early to tell how long he’ll be out of commission.”
“I don’t care if he thinks it looks clunky and ‘retro.’ That helmet is going to be thicker or—there is no ‘or.’ I’m the only one making uniforms these days. You’re all gonna be so safe you’ll have to actively try to get hurt—do
“Mm?” Steve squints at him.
There’s a whole entire world that needs to be explored or at the very least seen, but Tony’s always been good at fixation. He narrows his world down to this one room, to Steve at his back, and zooms in on the mini reality of them, Steve-and-Tony. It feels safe here, and natural to contemplate. During the day he might distract himself or become convinced it’s all doomed, but right here and now there’s no room for confusion. Time’s frozen with them on the same page and Tony will gladly lie awake all night, Steve’s hand in his, if only time will stay frozen and them okay.
So, Tony knows what he needs to do and he knows why he has to do it. He figures that now is as good a time as any to do it, while he has this strange privacy. Because he may not be a stranger to his own mortality, but it has a tendency to weird other people out when he confronts it like this. Acknowledging the fact that you’ll die one day is fine if you do it quietly in the back of your mind and if you don’t bring it to anyone else’s attention. Planning for it is another matter entirely. Pepper cried when she figured out how often he updates his will.
But this is—contentment. He doesn’t think you’re supposed to chase contentment. Isn’t it a bit antithetical? He’s warm, and Steve might as well be transparent for all the truth Tony can read on his face now. Steve’s smile is gentling again, and the silence is stretching. It’s so good, he doesn’t know what to do with it.
“Yeah, Midtown,” he confirms. “Don’t see anything strange though. What’m I looking for?”
And she hugs him. A
“Morning,” he says.
No, Tony really does know Steve’s human. Changeable, fallible. A tactile creature instead of an untouchable deity. With all of that fluid humanity, it makes him more dangerous than any machine. More dangerous than Ultron, certainly. Even when the AI turned out to be insane, his logic was constant, followed through to its reasonable (or relatively reasonable) ends. And while Captain America may be fueled by justice and righteous anger, Steve Rogers is a man prone to following his heart with everything he’s got.
“Seems a little double-standard-y,” Scott says. He doesn’t look peeved, really, just curious in the tilt of his head. “I mean—none of you were held to some list of criteria to see if you made the cut.”
“Bastard.”
Tony’s still purposefully not looking at Steve but there’s a distinct pause before he replies, and Tony knows he’s reigning in his automatic response.
“I texted her last night,” Natasha says. “Just to let her know we all have our heads. Let’s just say the two of you have a much better chance than she and Steve do. I think she wants to kill him.”
He keeps typing right after sending the first message.
Then again, the only reason he’s here running into Bucky, alone, on the common floor in the middle of the night, is because Tony spent hours locked in his shop being consumed by terror over the belief that none of his colleagues actually like him, Jesus.
Tony nods. He knows it’s not that simple, that it’s borderline dangerous to listen to Steve’s oversimplified version of things, but fuck it all to hell, he wants the comfort. He wants to soak it up and believe it like everyone else. Just for a day, an hour. He’s tired.
“Yeah,” he finally gets out, reaching up to scratch his neck.
“Anthony’s here,” Thor says, face angled down but eyes still up. He lifts an eyebrow then, and Tony takes it as his cue.
“That’s gonna get real old, real fast,” Tony says, and zips off, tagging the bots as he goes. Each one he hits zeroes in on him as the desired target and follows, miraculously. They don’t seem overly smart, all signs pointing to limited AI instead of remote piloting. Great.
“’Kay.”
Steve doesn’t laugh at him, exactly, though he does continue on with his days unhampered by any kind of anxiety, rolling along with the same confident optimism that’s at times felt suspiciously like not being taken seriously.
to attend—in person or through videoconference—the weekly meetings.”
Tony scrunches his nose successfully and thinks, wrong direction. Pulling his muscles the other way, he cracks his eyes open. Rhodey’s there, wearing something close to the expression he had when they reunited in the desert: stressed, relieved, and dizzy with all of it.
Nobody so much as breathed on their way out, but Tony could feel the movement all around, hear the fabric against the furniture, the creaking of joints, the whir of Bucky’s arm as he levered himself up. He waited a little desperately for it to end, glad for Steve. Then there was cloth, soft cloth, being settled around him, over him.
“My two favorite things,” Tony jokes.
“Right.” And yeah, now that Tony looks, he can see the thing’s muscles bunching and rippling as it tries to buck its way out of Wanda’s hold.
“I don’t know if I speak for everyone, but I know you’re not talking me out of this easily.” He looks to the side, giving a half shrug. “Just ask Pep.”
“The Avengers started as a group of people who came together, individually, to help,” Tony says, for lack of anything more enlightening.
“Yes, sir, Dr. Banner, sir,” Tony says, sliding off his stool.
“Whoops,” Tony says, reaching up and hovering a hand in Steve’s hair, not enough to put pressure on his scalp but hopefully get the idea across. “Nope, don’t move. You hit your head, ’kay?”
Bruce is staring down at his tablet, clicking away, and Tony will take it for the time being.
The vagueness of
If Rhodey’s standing before them, ready to admit he helped fuck everything up, hardly anyone else has room to cry innocence.
It really doesn’t take long for them to get to the hospital, but Steve gets more and more uncomfortable and nauseous the entire way there. Despite the monster of a breakfast they both ate, Steve ends up dry-heaving twice after that first bout, because apparently his metabolism really is just that much of a nightmare.
“I know,” he says, because he does. There’s only one place he’s ever seen her in need and left her, and it’s late enough now that she could’ve been to bed already and been woken by the violence in her own mind. He knows, logically, that he’d been on the clock back there, but he truly wishes he could’ve damned the consequences and blown the RAFT to smithereens. He knows why he couldn’t do that, but reasons aren’t useful to Wanda right now. “I’m sorry that happened to you.”
“I’m glad you’re okay,” Steve says, and he says it slowly, deliberately.
“Steve’s fine,” Rhodey says. Pepper’s mouth is pinched into a very straight line. “Worried about you, but fine. He was a little torn up, but he’s up and about now.”
“I think we can chalk that one up to scientific curiosity,” Tony says, “but thanks.”
“Nah,” he says. “It’s just nice to see everyone getting along. Couldn’t help it.”
Steve wants to stand, offer his chair to Rhodey, but he doesn’t think Rhodey and Pepper want to be far from one another right now. That, and Steve’s not entirely sure he can get up at the moment; he’s been sitting so long his muscles have stiffened up. He feels leaden. So Steve stays where he is, and Rhodey’s braces clank against the metal arm of Pepper’s chair as he leans his thighs against it.
“Will,” Peter says, and then stops to clear his throat. “I just. Will—uh, will Thor be there?”
and a dam about to burst. Apologies are dangerous, always have been, because—Christ, he has so much to apologize for. If he starts, it’s hard to know when to stop. There’s no way to apologize adequately within the bounds of words. Normally, he navigates this by only apologizing for very specific things, when he can pick out one wrong thing he’s done, one singularity that deserves the words.
and I can’t believe the Avengers have actually been afloat for so long without any kinda framework whatsoever.
“Sounds about right,” Bucky said, breaking his pout to smirk sympathetically at Tony.
“Where to?” Tony sniffs. Rhodey dips his head to the side like he’s trying to pour water out of his ear.
“Guess I should turn in for the night then,” he says. “What’re you up to?”
“What?” Tony asks.
“Jerk is such a mild word,” Bucky says, mock musing tone.
“You never just lay in bed for a while for the hell of it, do you?” Steve says. “Would it actually kill you?”
“—you know we’re not really their parents—”
There goes an entire pillar of his personality, he supposes. He takes a moment, just a brief one, to be exceptionally annoyed with himself, and then proceeds with his day.
“He—” Tony says into the receiver.
“Tony,” Steve says, blinking, “hi. What’s up?”
“I—no! No, I’m okay. Really, Mr. Stark, but—uh, are you?”
plays in the background. He doesn’t even realize he’s stayed up all night (again) until the sky starts to lighten. He blinks at the picture window and glances over at Bucky, who’s completely conked out with his head tipped back at an awkward angle against the couch arm, one foot planted on the couch, one dangling over the side, and who may or may not be drooling.
“So,” Steve says, “where exactly are we going?”
“The food,” he said in response. Steve pressed his hand more firmly into Tony’s spine.
The air isn’t cold, but it is on the cooler side, which he finds strange. He would have thought Steve would keep his room warm; the man really does hate being cold, this is something Tony knows to be true, has seen in action. He is a living furnace, though. It must make it hard to sleep in a warm environment. Plus, the cool air makes it easier to be pressed together like this.
He’s supposed to have a healing factor now. That’s the main reason Extremis was even part of the AVALON contingency. And he must have one, considering the fact that he’s still alive, and that all of his scars are gone. He’s sure, too, that he’ll find out soon enough. But…
“Yes,
“…Malibu?” Tony erupts into laugher on the other side of the connection, and Steve grimaces. “I don’t know! I never really thought about it.”
“Night,” Tony says, already distracted.
“So what room’s mine?” Rhodey asks.
“Hey, not to—uh, whatever, but can you. Not walk behind me like that?”
“You’re telling me,” Steve says. He looks back towards the door for a split second, but Sam’s at least pretended to have gone back to the living room. “How’s Rhodes?”
it’ll only sting more later, this is what he really hates.
“Well, when you put it like that.” He beacons Steve with a nod of his head toward the elevator. “Your pick this time, old man.”
“Okay?” Tony says.
Except they hadn’t quite grasped what “emergency” meant, though. Steve kept breaking in, sometimes to drag Tony upstairs for bonding time, sometimes to make sure he was taking care of himself, sometimes just to sit quietly while Tony worked. Tony had stopped being so suspicious of it (especially since all the dragging Steve had been doing was more metaphorical than physical) and had mostly accepted it as guilt-driven care on Steve’s part, but that didn’t mean he liked it.
“Can we please have a conversation about this?”
FRIDAY doesn’t even grace that with a response. Tony doesn’t blame her, but he does roll his eyes at himself since that’s one thing she can’t do.
“We shouldn’t have to rely on missions popping up to get used to working together again,” Steve says, barreling on like it’s a speech he’s rehearsed. “We should know beforehand what’s—”
“Of course,” he says, right away, and lowers himself slowly into the chair.
(who i'm pretty sure is an actual angel) for betaing!
Tony squints at the ceiling, glances at Steve for the barest moment before shrugging back at Clint. They’d talked about it only fleetingly, but he buys himself some time to figure out how to paraphrase
“Clint said you were out here,” Steve says.
“Scan him,” he demands.
Steve kills the engine and the silence rings, broken by some bird Tony hears a lot out here, but he doesn’t have a clue what it is.
“Sometimes," he says quietly, “I feel like the butt of the biggest joke in the world. I’m just—” his lips quirk and it feels cruel and honest and unfair to put this burden on Steve but fair he should have to know if this is how Tony feels anyway, “—so convenient to have around. Any World War II master strategist worth his salt would know when to put me in my place, when to beat the shit out of me in a Siberian bunker, when to disappear for months and months while I dealt with the angry bureaucrats and the 12-hour hearings and the public scorn, and when to play nice and bat their eyelashes and get me to build their buddy a new arm.
“I’m sorry,” Bruce says, and he looks a little out of it, the way he always does after shrinking down. Part of Steve wants to ask about that comment, but most of him doesn't want to touch it with a ten foot pole.
He puts his phone down, under his thigh on the couch, and returns to his tablet to work on a new design for Clint’s arrows. It’s been too long since he’s had an upgrade, and with some of the tech he implemented into Spider-Man’s uniform he thinks he can make them smaller while still packing the same punch. Hawkeye’s great to have in the field, but Tony’s also secretly glad for the never-ending dilemma of the-archer-always-runs-out-of-arrows. If it comes down to it, and it always does, Tony’s got something to work on.
“No—he’s,” Steve says.
And there’s a woman sitting by the window with a spot of blood on the thigh of her jeans and a leather jacket (real leather, Tony can smell it from here, how creepy is that?) that’s cracked and fissured with age. A man in his early twenties sits in the middle of the room, criss-cross on a wooden dining chair, staring at a laptop, absently petting the ivy growing from a pot beside his table. His socks are made of real wool and he has mismatching tan lines all over the place. His breath whistles a little when he breathes in deeply, a sound that reminds Tony of having the arc and cold at the same time, painful background noise.
They eat what Rhodey calls “actual breakfast,” meaning Tony makes coffee and Rhodey fries up eggs and bacon. Rhodey eats his with tabasco and Tony with just salt and pepper. It’s more delicious than it has any right to be. Rhodey laughs at him when he goes for seconds.
All in all, he looks sufficiently busy when the door slides open to allow Bucky entrance.
“This is a new lab, Tony,” he says. “I haven’t Hulked out in here once yet, or spilled spaghetti on an experiment. I really shouldn’t get in the habit of bringing coffee in here,” he says, dragging the mug closer anyway.
“This?" Tony asks, feeling bold and small and hopeful.
He wants to be petulant about this, because she’s the one who wanted space after the breakup. He was just acquiescing—which, okay, may have been the case at the beginning, but at some point it definitely turned into isolation on his part. Right before the Accords, maybe, when he knew it was all going to go to hell, despite his hope to the contrary. Definitely after Siberia, when it felt like him against the world, when he didn't want to face Pepper or her smug face or her I-told-you-so eyes, because she’d known the Avengers hadn’t given a shit about him, she’d tried to warn him. The only person he could really stand in those days was Rhodey, and he’d been back and forth between doctors and the compound and his parents’ place. Tony’d stayed away from Pepper much longer than he ever meant to, wallowing in his own misery and martyrdom, figuring out how to do a whole team’s worth of work all on his own.
Eventually, the steady updates from Natasha stop. She informs them that the portal has been found, and they’re about to go through and then—nothing. The signal must not be able to travel like that. It doesn’t necessarily mean anything, but it’s not ideal for either group.
“Can I come in?” Steve asks.
“Indeed,” she says, eyes flickering to Steve’s face and settling back on Tony. Her smile is big, almost shit-eating. “Good morning.”
The silence stretches with Pepper slowly eating her soup and obviously staring at Tony, a thoughtful look on her face. Tony feels unaccountably dejected, and drags an apple slice out of his sandwich with his teeth even though he’s pretty sure he’s never going to be hungry again.
“At the Malibu house,” he amends before Steve can get sarcastic again. His speech is halting, even to his own ears, and he pauses to click his teeth together and swallow. “Even to FRIDAY, for almost a month? I didn’t talk until yesterday.”
Steve throws his head back against the pillow and covers his face with his hands.
“Of course,” Steve says. “Anything.”
Breathe, he orders himself, and does. Eyes closed, he does. He can hear Wanda strumming a guitar down the hall—the new one, the electric, and it’s unplugged, just the quiet twang of unamplified steel, but she’s getting good. Someone’s snoring farther up the hall; it’s Scott, Tony realizes, which makes sense. His sleeping schedule’s gotten all sorts of screwy lately, something about his daughter’s nightmares and late-night FaceTime sessions. Tony should really invite the kid and her mom out for a weekend sometime soon.
he definitely doesn’t say.
Bruce looks even more tired than he did the last time he passed by, and Steve would offer him a chair, but Scott came back with an entire cart of coffee and took the last one.
“He’s capable of hurting me,” Tony says finally. He feels—a lot. Terror, excitement. He doesn’t give people the power to do that very much anymore. Half of him trusts Steve, half of him wants to flee, back to Malibu, beyond.
of his gauntlet meeting his helmet. Steve’s calf looks a little worse for wear, but he’s standing on it resolutely, taking deep, slow breaths, like he’s daring someone to challenge him on it.
“It’s not like we made Sam or Scott jump through hoops to be part of the team.”
“Cool, cool, yeah,” he says, falling flat of the nonchalance he was aiming for.
“That’s not gonna fix anything either,” Steve says, but he looks better already.
This is better.
“Look,” Rhodey says when he’s done with the braces. Steve glances up to see Rhodey staring at him. “The medical team wouldn’t have been able to help him after the venom was introduced. They’re not really helping now except to monitor. The only thing that would’ve happened in Chicago is that you all would have been distracted.”
“Why not?” Steve asks. The more he thinks about it, the more it seems like a purely self-destructive move.
There, in the middle of what used to be a Chicago street, is Thor and the Hulk. Thor’s in a defensive stance, legs spread wide, center of gravity low, Mjölnir in hand, and the Hulk’s breathing heavily, hands curled into fists as his head swivels around to take in the situation.
“Mm,” Steve says disagreeably—hell, it’s almost petulant, but he’s asleep again on the next breath, and Tony doesn’t know how really awake he was at all.
“It doesn’t—” Steve starts to say.
It’s only a few seconds later when sleep really leaves him that his skin starts buzzing and goosebumps start spreading. It’s going to be a long day. The knowledge settles somewhere deep within his bones, and normally (pre-Extremis) would be accompanied by a physical ache. All there is now is anxiety zipping through his marrow like electricity, and a desire to bury his head in the sheets so he doesn’t have to deal with it.
Sam makes a considering sound, nose wrinkling for just a second.
Tony expends so much mental energy biting back the automatic reply of
He’s never been a super big fan of hospitals, but this is really pushing it.
His skin tingles, when he gets close enough to feel it. It’s…abnormal, possibly even concerning, and he lets himself be swept out with the current as soon as he can, just to escape it.
“The way I see it,” he says, forcing his tone to lighten, “we’ve officially fought on the same side now more than we’ve fought each other, and I—trust you in the field. I also want to make sure everyone in this room feels safe with each other, in this compound, and on this team. And I think this is at least part of how we do that.”
Vision arrived at some point—again, not from the direction of the elevators, suggesting he’s ignoring doors and walls and floors alike, again. He’s at the table with Scott and Wanda, chatting with the both of them, but he pauses to catch Tony’s eye at that, face soft and open and full of emotion so pure Tony’s taken aback. At some point, Vision became capable of feeling, apparently; there’s no faking this, not so well. Silently, he smiles back and tucks away that information to examine later.
“What?” Tony says, and it comes out like a demand. Steve’s eyebrow ticks up, and Tony’s first impression is that it’s mocking.
“This it?” Sam asks after just a couple minutes. He’s got an eyebrow raised, and he looks more awake and steadier than he did upon arrival. It takes Tony a few seconds to find words, so he shrugs as his mouth starts and aborts a few half-thoughts.
“What do you want?” she demands, wild-eyed and the air around her is more obviously snapping with energy now.
“Right.” Rhodey laughs at him openly now. “Not if you’re into the Asshole Extraordinaire.”
“Oh, my God,” Tony groans, and his stomach really almost grumbles at the very thought. “That’s more like it, that’s very convincing.”
And Rhodey’s grinning now, his eyebrows climbing even higher, and Tony thinks, fuck, wait.
“Can I move you?”
And, okay, maybe Steve’s just that fucking incredible, but maybe Tony regrew most of his body and these cells have never been turned on before (sue him, he’s been a little busy). He feels every square inch of his body light up, spark, focal points on anything touching Steve, but aware of the rest ,too.
Eventually, the building stops falling. Steve’s breaths are still too harsh, and he looks terrified to move. Tony would be too, scared of shifting a rock on top of them and setting off an avalanche, but the suit doesn’t let him.
“Right,” Tony says, “I.”
“I’m sure you’re just tired,” Steve reassured him. “JARVIS will let you back in after you’ve eaten and slept a little. Right, JARVIS?”
“That should do it,” Tony says, and he steps closer to help Bucky out of the arm. “Give me—a couple days? Then we can do a more thorough check of fine motor skills and proprioception when the thing actually fits.”
then turns the complete opposite direction and walks the perimeter of the room a couple dozen yards until he finds an exit.
“First things first: this meeting isn’t a one-off to recalibrate and continue letting ourselves fly blind. We’re hoping to instate weekly meetings—forums—to keep each other updated on any issues or missions. For now, the chairperson for these forums will rotate weekly, and for now the only people on that rotation are original Avengers: myself, Steve, Clint, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor. Just until we get a sense of it.”
“Well, we’ve got his attention now, so he’s either gonna help or make the entire exercise impossible, so he might as well be useful.”
warning for gore in this chapter. if you would like to skip it, you can stop at "It's bad." and pick up again at "Deep breath, he tells himself, and assesses." There's a description in the end note for this scene if you would prefer to read that and skip it in the story.
They’ve all paired off, more or less. Steve’s with Wanda, chatting with whoever comes up to them and glowering at anyone who makes a less-than-kind remark; Natasha’s with Scott, and the both of them seem to be mingling fluidly through the crowd, and Tony assumes Natasha’s steering the conversation and letting Scott charm the masses; Clint, strangely enough, is in the corner with Vision, and the both of them seem to be outside the circle of the party, watching and occasionally talking to each other; and Tony’s floating through the room, being passed around and, somehow, Sam’s managed to keep up with him. He’s a calming presence in the familiar dance of schmoozing and laughing. Not only does Sam keep up, but he inserts himself into conversations in ways that sound natural, and not totally like he’s on Tony-babysitting duty.
Steve’s turned and thrown his shield before Tony’s completely done talking. The alien staggers back, but isn’t down for the count. Tough little fuckers.
Tony says, watching Steve watch the trees. “Theoretically. But no, I’ve never been out here before. Not on the ground, anyway.”
Bruce stumbles in next and is sliding onto a barstool before he seems to register the spread expanding out around him. He sigh-huffs and rises again, snagging a plate and putting it upside down over the top of the toaster, pulling the lever down (because this is a thing Bruce does habitually so that his food stays warmer longer). He doesn’t say a word—too early for Bruce to be speaking, another habit of his and, God, how Tony’s missed him—but he does rest a hand squarely on top of Tony’s head for a moment, like some weird prolonged pat.
when Steve claps a hand on his shoulder.
Stop putting him on a pedestal, he tells himself. He’s a man, he’s a human being.
Everything feels surreal, a little far away. He doesn’t know if it’s due to the anticlimactic ending to the fight, the pain pushing out a wave of endorphins, the exhaustion soaking in the last of his adrenaline, or all of the above. He’s guessing all of the above. Overall, Thor’s group looks stressed and exhausted, but no worse than when they went underground.
So he snaps his fingers and makes a super swaggy exit from the bedroom to go find himself some dinner while pointedly not making it weird.
Everyone files out in groups of two or three, some more reluctantly than others, but they’re all heading in the right direction. Tony watches them go until only he and Steve remain.
4. The last thing he wants is an emergency clause to satisfy his sense of duty. If they see street-level crime or a situation where there’s no time to alert the committee and wait for a decision, they should be able to step in and do their jobs. (Tony doesn’t know how to make this one work, but he sends back something that sounds like a broadly worded self-defense statute—
By the time Bucky’s gone, the air in the workshop is humming around Tony. There’s an itch under his skin that means he’s going to either rip his way out of it or find someone else to do it for him. He wants a fight, pure and simple, clean and destructive, in a way he hasn’t in months—since before the Accords, since maybe before Ultron. Sure, Siberia happened, but that had been a unique incident, more about destroying something (someone) else. This? Good, old fashioned self destruction.
Steve sniggers because he’s unhelpful and an asshole and Tony tries to recall if they’ve ever had the “humans age like
They’re walking very slowly, and Steve’s obviously lost in thought. Tony looks over to find Steve’s eyes on him again. Tony looks away, at a tree on their other side, and drags his fingertips along the rough, calloused bark.
too, in case we haven't followed each other yet
It’s probably rude to let Steve clean up his mess, but Tony doesn’t protest, just turns and walks away, his face burning from some kind of emotion he certainly doesn’t want to be feeling.
“FRIDAY,” Tony said as the elevator door slid closed, “start up the fab-u again?”
“I’m sure it’s a foreign concept to you,” Steve says lightly. He moves their still-joined hands then, down below his chin to where they don’t muffle his words. His voice loses the playfulness when he continues, “It’ll take time, Tony.”
Because I won’t ever forget it.”
“A therapist,” Bruce begins, slipping his glasses off and pinching at the corners of his eyes, “is a professional you hire to listen to you talk about your life.”
They slate the team meeting for that weekend because Tony thinks it’s important for Spider-Man to be there, too, even if he’s not an official Avenger (yet). Happy's set to pick the kid up Friday after school, and the meeting they’re planning is casual, a round table discussion literally around their dinner table, and Tony hopes that having Steve already on his side will be enough to sway the worst of the defensiveness he anticipates from some of them.
“Hello?” Steve’s voice calls, but Tony can hear someone moving toward the door already, so he doesn’t bother trying to think of a reply. He only has to wait a handful of seconds before Steve opens the door. He looks politely confused, head cocked to the side like a damn golden retriever, but at least he doesn’t look like he was just asleep.
“Jesus Christ,” Bruce says. His coffee mug has been firmly set aside, and he lowers his face into his hands briefly.
“I’ll just…” Tony says, throws a thumb over his shoulder and already stepping away.
“Have they made any headway on evacuations?” Sam asks.
“I’m not opposed,” Thor says. “I’ve often wished for such a thing while preparing to become a ruler.”
“Nope,” he says. “We talk about things, though. Problem solve. And—some of the feelings, anyway. I don’t know if we talk about all of them, or just around some of them.”
Tony looks over at Scott, surprised he doesn’t already know. They’re on a team together; Tony should know this. To be fair, Scott’s one of the only ones who doesn’t rely on Tony for his gear, and Tony suspects Pym would set the world on fire if Scott showed him the suit technology, but the point still stands. Teamship and camaraderie and all that jazz. Tony knows he’s been up his own ass a bit since Siberia and even more so since the team came back, but this just highlights why he needs to work harder at getting over it. He can’t afford to not know this stuff.
“Crap,” he says, and decides the answer must be ‘no.’
“I need to get back,” she says apologetically.
There’s Bucky, standing hesitantly in the entrance to the kitchen, one-armed, next to Sam.
That day after he first wakes up, he’s left to his own devices under the order to rest, which. Yeah, right. He’s just gotten the twenty-first century version of a super soldier serum. He doesn’t exactly need a nap, not after the two-day incubation period. So he works on a couple rudimentary contingencies and gets FRIDAY to do a writeup for the UN rep that’ll keep them satisfied for a little while, at the very least. Rhodey communicates via FRIDAY to make sure he’s still alive, but gives him his space, too, because he truly is Tony’s oldest friend, and Pepper stops by his room with some of Clint’s get-well-soon soup (the recipe comes from the brother he never talks about, but he makes it whenever one of his kids gets a cold or one of his teammates has a near death experience close enough to death), a reminder to take it easy, and a fierce hug goodbye. She doesn’t mention the way she breezed out of medical before, and he doesn’t want to sour another moment between them, so he keeps his mouth shut too, focuses on the sharp knob of her shoulder and the seven shades of gold in her hair.
“Extremis isn’t supposed to be working this way,” Rhodey says. “Not that this version has been tested before, but. They don’t know which is winning.”
The suit opens then, and she catches him before he can smack his face on the ground, though he’s not even opposed to it at this point. He writhes where she sets him, propped up against the back wall of a building. Suddenly free, his body doesn’t know what to do, but it’s desperately searching for a position that’s more comfortable. His hands press into his closed eyes, one of his legs kicks out, he twists.
“We still got a few seasons to watch of Hell’s Kitchen,” Clint tells him upon taking a seat on the kitchen table.
) and he was already dreading calling Fury back after he has left him thirty missed calls. To be lectured and questioned by a group of concerned superheroes? He’s not a fan.
It haunted him and tugged at the strings of his brain. He knew that suicidal ideations don't quite die when the body is saved—that they'll continue to nibble on his mind and wear him down until the ideations turn into actions, the attempt into commit.
“There’s a grand present for each one of you awaiting you in designated floors in the tower,” JARVIS explained delightfully. “Kindly take the elevator so I can show you. Also, Sir wishes you a merry Christmas.”
“Why, yes,” Steve beamed triumphantly.
His blurry vision could make out Tony’s body moving to lay by his side; his wet cheeks could feel warm hands cup them and wipe the wetness away; his ears could hear Tony’s soft voice speak words of comfort; his heart could beat a little steadier through the panic upon the sight of the glowing blue.
“I’m here, okay? Not going anywhere, I promise. Not as long as I got you,” Tony said, a soft smile decorating his lips. He stroked his thumb over a lone tear rolling off Steve’s baby blue eyes. Steve nuzzled his head against the man’s chest and breathed in his scent, a comfortable mixture of a detergent, a faint cologne, motor oil, and coffee. He has never breathed easier.
Tony was having a full-on panic attack now, and Clint would’ve called someone like Steve or Rhodey to do something if it weren’t for the fact that everyone was out of the tower on solo missions for a day, leaving him and Tony alone to binge watch shitty romcoms and chick flick movies and accidentally set food on fire.
“Shh,” Tony cooed. “Everything’s okay. You’re okay. Can I hold you? Please let me hold you.”
“You’re not my therapist, Captain.”
Tony’s eyes widened slightly. He couldn’t quite process that he’s not thought of as anything but what his mind has convinced him he is. But that’s the thing: no one told him such things. Sure, Natasha’s words didn’t magically heal him, but they did make him feel better. He doesn’t necessarily know it or is half convinced of it, but to hear it be told that he is thought of as someone more than his traumatizing experiences was relieving.
After half an hour of just trying to get a grip, he decided to walk into the communal kitchen for a cup of coffee. It was three AM, and he didn’t expect anyone to be awake, but when JARVIS alerted him that Bruce was there, he instantly felt better. He won’t be alone.
“Please?”
“Nope.”
“They know. About Howard,” Tony whispered against the colonel’s shoulder.
As the days passed by, he knew better than to lament over such thing. After all, he had people around him now. He doesn’t think these people realize just how crazy he would’ve gone if he had remained isolated and locked away in his lab, but he’s grateful it’s not like that anymore. He was left alone only when he absolutely needed to be, which was rarely ever. He didn’t have to be alone. It took him a while to learn how to reach out to people, because his therapist has raised quite an important thing to take note of: people can’t just read his mind. It was hard to grasp such idea, but as he stayed up through a work binge once upon a night, intrusive thoughts started feeding on his brain. It was right then and there that he had somehow understood what she had meant by practicing the art of reaching out, and so, he had inquired of Steve’s whereabouts. He walked into the dimly lit art studio where the artistic blonde sketched away.
A few days pass by. They don’t see the genius around, not even in the communal kitchen brewing gallons of coffee. Fury sets up meetings and draws great emphasis on Stark’s presence, but they all fall on deaf ears. They go to his lab. The glass doors are an opaque black, the override codes don’t work, and the vents to the lab are impossible to penetrate. Mjolnir and Hulk’s rage were not enough to even dent the doors, and they wondered if Tony was even in there.
“Sir, Agent Fury is demanding your presence in the upcoming meeting. He says it’s urgent and that there will be consequences if you fail to show up,” JARVIS eloquent voice says. “I would also like to remind you of your meeting in the afternoon with the British AI Empire.”
Thor’s hands went to wipe at his tears, and Tony placed his hands over them. “Let them fall. It’s okay, I promise. I can go if you want to have the moment to yourself.”
But now he sees just how scared the people of the town are. They don’t trust him, and he doesn’t blame them. They looked at the dead terrorists by his feet and cowered away. He figures that nothing he says will prove to them just how sorry he is for all it is they’ve gone through, so he acts out his apologies.
Tony’s hand held onto the rim of the arc reactor as he clicked on its mechanics with his fingernails to detach it. His mind was flooded with panic and dread, but peace was blooming amidst it all.
“Am I on speaker?!”
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."
Perhaps he’s not supposed to meet people in heaven if he’s bound to end up in hell. He’s trying not to let the thought bother him too much, but it does hurt his heart. He just wished he could’ve seen them, at the very least. He was too naïve and too much of a selfish idiot to think that he would be worthy of just the mere sight of them. But if he doesn’t meet Jarvis or Yinsen, does he meet Howard? He doesn’t think he would be able to take it if he sees Howard again or if Howard speaks to him again or if Howard hits him again or if Howard burns him again or if Howard pushes him to his knees under him again or if Howard pushes him into the mattress again like how those men in Afghanistan did and
He wails with wild abandon. He wants to see Tony again. He wants to get out of this place. To hell with safety. He has never felt as safe as when he’s around the genius. He wants to tell him this. He wants to tell him so many things. He wants to tell him that he—
“It’s okay. This is still progress. Your anger is understood and valid,” his doctor would say.
“G-Good morning, Cap. Sorry about that,” Tony muttered as he started rubbing the sleep away from his eyes. Steve’s breath hitched in his throat at the sight before him. His hair is ruffled. His eyes look better rested and it serves his entire face greatly as it brings out the clearness of his skin. His lips are pouted and pink and Steve resists the urge to just as much as trace his fingers over them. His goatee could use a trim, but it compliments his face so well. And when he blinks and turns his head towards a ray of sunshine that has creeped its way in, his left eye falls under it and becomes a beautiful shade of hazel.
“Fine. Whatever. But just to let you know, I’ve got a lot on my fucking plate right now. I’m dealing with too much of your shit. I may be CEO, but you own this damn company. So act like it. Not only that, but SHEILD has not been off my back for months now and I can no longer put them on hold. Whatever happened with you and Agent Fury today has been adding to my—”
With just a few hours left for his plan to take flight, he was hoping he can leave off on a good note with these people. So he sat down with a red head assassin and a god on either side of him, and joked around with them until they roared with laughter. “I hadn’t known you were a hilarious man, Tony! I haven’t laughed this much in years!” Thor had said.
“Yeah, yeah. Maybe next year,” Tony returned the smile and walked out.
He tried. He could’ve sworn he tried to push every single muscle into reaching out for the glass of clean, cold water, but his system hung. It’s like his body refused to believe he was safe, forever distrusting his senses. It’s one thing to question your mind, but to question his eyes and ears was when he knew he was not as stable as he thought he was.
“I slipped? I don’t even remember leaving my bed,” Tony asked with furrowed brows. “And why are you all awake? Is everything okay?”
They followed him around to check their rooms, all of which looked the same. He showed them the way to various other rooms, and pointed to where Howard’s study room is
Tony blinked owlishly at her for a few seconds. “Thank you,” he whispered. He was relieved to know that there was someone—no,
“I tell you what,” his therapist said upon raising the topic. “Why don’t you allow yourself a day to act as childish and as spontaneous as you want?”
It was luxurious and immaculate, yet Steve grew to hate every inch and every corner of this place. He wanted to burn it down, and he wanted to ask Tony why he didn’t tell them. Why hadn’t he told Steve that Howard was not the man he thought he was? Why had he not spared the both of them the awkward conversations about the man? It’s not like—
“Welcome, Virtual Basketball Lord,” JARVIS said and went on to explain what was there to the place. Natasha smiled with glee as she walked around to see all the games and designs of the place. She chuckled upon seeing a hyper-realistic hologram of a card tower. There were even digitalized versions of Russian games she had once joked about to the team, and a surge of warmth and endearment rose to her chest to know that Tony was listening. “This is... oh my god, this is the best thing ever!” Natasha said as she touched the hologram of the card tower and watched it topple over. “Guys! Do you see this?! This is the best Christmas gift ever! Thank you, Tony!” She shouted to the ceiling, to which JARVIS chimed back “Sir says you are most welcome.”
Steve ran to an empty bathroom. He locked himself in an empty stall and fell to his knees as he sobbed. He tried to hold his shuddering frame, but all he could feel was the ghost of Tony’s sleeping body. Alive. Glowing blue. Stirring to chase after comfort. Nuzzling his head into the Captain’s chest. Feeling his heartbeat against him. Beating. Alive. Smiling. Because he always fucking smiled. He was all laughs and giggles just a few hours before he tried to kill himself. He was smiling. He was laughing. He looked okay. He was hurting. He was in pain. He tried to kill himself.
Tony lowered his head slowly so the tears don't give him away, and he sniffled ever so slightly. He nodded solely to make out his vulnerable state to be due to the cold, biting weather. Steve scooted closer to him and wrapped the blanket around the both of them. He smiled fondly at the brunet who grabbed at the blanket and threw a smile the Captain's way.
“Don’t. Don’t talk to me like that. I’m your family, and you are mine. I’m not gonna fucking watch my family die. If not for you, then don’t do this to me. Don’t take my family away from me. You have no right.”
Steve read the room, and he attempted to make himself appear smaller by hunching his shoulders and sitting on the floor across the genius, who instantly felt much better when his neck didn’t have to crane to look at the Captain.
“You’re looking at me like I'm fucking crazy. Is it that? You think I’m losing my mind?” Tony’s voice is escalating in volume, and it catches Steve off guard.
“Should I call someone else? Please let me call someone else. Please.”
“Nope. Nah-uh. Absolutely not. We do have to do this,” Clint said. “You deserve to hear a proper apology. We never really gave you one. We just kicked the ice cubes under the fridge. But we’re gonna do better. Because we have become part of a system that is comfortable with zero accountability. We’re shutting that down.”
Steve continued his ensuing routine of hanging around the genius in his lab. Often, Bruce would join in and they would talk about what the soldier calls science-stuff. On days where he would engage in failed therapy sessions, he would be much louder and much more talkative about matters that force a laugh out of the super soldier, and Steve would play along but always leave the note of “I’m here for whenever you wanna talk about it.”
Steve's hands reached to cup Tony's face, lifting his head off the tube. Tony leaned into the touch and nuzzled his head against the Captain's large palm, a ghost of a smile on his lips as he sighed in content. Steve didn't dare move his hand away and adjusted his seat so that it would be close enough to the bed without his arm awkwardly left hanging, his other arm folded over the bed for Steve to rest his head against.
“Damn right! You can see he added too much butter. My man Joe’s going home for sure,” Tony said as he shook his head at the contestant’s futile efforts.
“I didn’t—”
—wait. Yinsen didn’t say that they could speak Italian.
He was invited for dinner with the Avenger bunch, and by invited, he means that he has been dragged along with the Captain out of the gym by Rhodey who had practically carried a giggling Tony on his back. Steve watched on with a smile as his ears bloomed with the sound of the genius’ giggles, and Rhodey smirked at the Captain’s infatuation.
Looking over the sleeping man in his arms and tuning into the music and yells echoing around, he comes to believe that this is luxury.
Tony, who was still wearing last night’s clothes and sat up against the bed of one of the guest rooms he decided to reside in during his time in the mansion, was not feeling up for this. He woke up just five minutes ago after twelve hours of sleep with a terrible headache and a sore chest (
Steve excused himself to the bathroom, and practically ran out of the entire gym area and to the bathroom on his floor. He had never felt as ashamed as when he shoved his hands down his pants, his mind flooded with nothing but images of Tony’s body, Tony’s hair, Tony’s voice, Tony’s smile, Tony’s laugh, Tony’s lips
“It’s not a good sign when even the damn AI is mad,” Clint says.
“You do realize we’ve read your file, right? We know that this thing is what’s keeping you alive. So of course we’re concerned when it’s troubling you,” Bruce answered.
Steve smiled to himself.
“Welcome home, Sir. You were greatly missed,” JARVIS’ voice chimed in. His tone was as fond as ever, and the team had to remind themselves that the man from the tapes won’t walk in on them any minute now.
—he has even once yelled at Tony that he could never amount to be half as great as his deceased father.
Tony giggled. "Yeah, yeah. I missed you too, Jay."
“Tony hurt! Hulk sad!”
Clint looked through the various playlists of movies they set up on screen in search for Tony’s favorite while everyone tossed around pillows and blankets to set up the room.
“You deemed him a good man. What is this then?” Thor asked a silent Steve.
It took a few more minutes, but Tony’s body was moving again. He still refused to speak and attempted to get up on his wobbly knees to make a run for his lab. When he stumbled on his own feet, Rhodey immediately held him up, and helped him walk his way to the elevator.
“Calm down, friend,” Thor whispered as he knelt on the floor to sit by the raging scientist. “At least we know that man failed in his doings. Tony is safe now.”
He wiped profusely at his eyes with the hems of his shirt when Steve entered. He seemed to be carrying a book. "Weren't you sleepy?"
“I wanna know what’s in them. I wanna know how much you know.”
"Sei al sicuro. Sei lontano da quel posto. Sei qui, in America. Nella torre. Stai bene." = You're safe. You are far from that place. You are here, in America. In the tower. You're okay.
“Tell me you’re proud of me.” Tony’s hands rested steadily on Steve’s thighs, his big brown eyes holding a strange sense of fondness and determination, and his breaths composed as calculatedly calm as ever. Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t scared and anticipating a break of his trust and bones, but it was dire that he does this, at least in his mind it was. “Tell me, Steve Rogers. Tell me you’re proud of me.”
Steve should have known better, but he didn’t. A few hours of uncomfortableness would never compare to what Tony went through and continues to go through. So he sat there in front of the TV as his fingers toyed with the tape in his hand, until he finally found it in him to play the rectangle box.
However, Tony made one hell of an unexpected move.
Steve rested his wrists over the man’s chest as he fiddled with the tie and successfully untied it. He didn’t think Tony would want him to go any further, so he stopped at that, but Tony had taken the soldier’s big hand to sit atop the glowing blue, and whispered a determined “Unbutton my shirt. Take it off.”
Fury sighed heavily. “Tony, we need you.”
Tony stirred again and rested his head against a tube that was wired to the monitors from one end and the arc reactor from the other. "That's not good. Try to get the tube away from his head," Bruce instructed.
“Yeah, yeah. No need to thank me,” the genius said as he narrowed his eyes at the god. “Something’s up with you. What’s the matter? Something happened on Asgard?”
“What —oh,” Tony faltered as he looked into Steve’s baby blue eyes. He wore those puppy eyes again and Tony was refusing to admit that he fell weak to those. Something about them was soft and human—nothing like the poster that was hung above his bed. “Nope. Nah-uh. No. Not falling for that. Not—oh my fucking god.”
“Yeah, he was my friend. A really good friend. He was such a good man and he was one of the funniest people I have ever come across,” Steve said, his voice clad in reminiscence. Tony suppressed a wince yet again.
Steve did as he was told, trailing his hands over Tony’s shoulders as he went along. Tony’s muscles didn’t tense, and Steve took that as a good sign.
“Tony! Don’t you dare die on me, Tony! Don’t you fucking dare!” Steve cried as he frantically tried to get a hold of the arc reactor with his shaking hands. The light was faint and dull, and he desperately put it back into the man’s chest where it belonged, where it would glow in that beautiful shade of blue; the shade of blue that became Steve’s favorite.
The nurses exited out of the room after they had sedated him and warned the bunch that they were not going to be allowed entry if they put the sick brunet under any more stress. They nodded and waited outside of his room until the nurses would grant them the permission of spending the night in his room.
“I-I’m s-sorry,” he whispers. “I'm s-sorry.”
"Huh," he whispered to himself as he took one book after the other out of the shelf and realized that a box was hidden in there. He took it out, placed it on the floor, opened it, and was met with a bunch of tapes stacked perfectly inside. He was about to close the box and put it right where he found it. It was probably recordings of his father conducting experiments he could care less about. But a particular tape called out to him.
A few minutes later, Fury calls to confirm JARVIS’ words. “We found him, but he refuses to speak,” he tells Tony through the phone. “Says he’ll only answer to you.”
The Avengers couldn’t believe their eyes either, especially Steve. Tony looked immaculate. He almost wanted to touch the brunet just to make sure he’s real. He looked expensive, luxurious, and like he would be dripping gold.
“I got work to do.”
He made it to his lab and tinkered about. He was weary and sleepy despite the drill in his head that kept him up and drenched in anxiety. He appreciated that the team didn't pressure him into hanging around with them, but now his loneliness was lurking in the shadows behind his eyelids.
And when Steve walks into the lab, Tony lifts his eyes off whatever he’s working on to look into the soldier’s baby blue eyes and throws a smile that Steve has come to learn is only reserved to him.
and Steve frowned a bit upon the realization.
“M’sorry, Captain,” Tony slurred.
“Auntie, how do yo—”
“I don’t care about the liberal agenda anymore, Pepper! It’s boring, boring, and I'm not gonna—OO! Hey there, big guy. God, do I love that hoodie on you,” Tony beamed at Steve before he addressed Pepper again. “I need about fifteen million dollars donated to the students of MIT. That’s final.”
“Don’t,” Tony breathed out. He tried to make it sound harsh, but it came out pleading and desperate. “Don’t say it. I-I can’t take.”
It wasn’t a question. Tony knew Steve. In fact, Tony knew everyone. He took the time to study their files and took even more time to study them in person. He paid attention to them, but they never did the same to him. And it seems as though the rest of the team is reading Steve’s mind, because they all share a look of guilt that Tony was too invested in munching on a bowl of cereal and occasionally typing things on his tablet to notice.
And that’s how he ended up in his lab alone holding onto Dum-E's arm as he cried and cried. What seemed to bother him more than anything was how under constant display he was. He hated the vulnerable state the Avengers seemed to always find him in, because there’s so much more to him than his mental turmoil. He just wanted to be normal or at least free of mental breakdowns for a solid week. Was that truly too much to ask for?
When they all gathered around on the table, Tony was resisting the urge to cry at how much the food tasted like Jarvis had made it. He was quiet as he chewed. Slowly, carefully, as if anything quicker than that pace would be offensive. The team were too busy bickering and chatting, and he took the time to mentally cry out to the British man of how much he missed him.
He turned around and saw the superheroes hold various looks on their faces, but the look of pity was still there. He avoided looking at them as he flipped the coffee table. Somehow, the rubies looked much prettier shattered and scattered around the table rather than sticking to it. He wondered if he would look just as pretty with blood scattered around him in the same fashion.
Later into the night, they talked and rambled on whatever came to their minds. Tony loved lazy nights like those. Steve looked so young and happy as he spoke and cuddled him, and Tony was pretty sure hearts could be seen in his eyes.
“Yes, you’re right,” Thor tried to smile. “Everything’s alright.”
“Gosh, Tony. Help me here,” a voice that grew in volume with every step it took towards the door said. Steve concluded that it must be Happy: Tony’s driver. Steve went to open the door, and found a drunk Tony leaning heavily on Happy. “Oh god,” Steve muttered as he reached to hold onto Tony. “Thank you, Happy. I’ll take care of him from here.”
“My precious boy. Something’s wearing you down. What is it?”
“I’ve missed you so much, my pal.”
“It is a cold night out here,” Steve let out a shaky sigh. “Not as cold as it used to be back then. I mean, it’s October. Back then, October used to be freezing cold.”
Tony couldn’t hear her as he was approached by a nurse who let him know that visiting hours have started and that he may enter the room now.
Truth be told, he didn’t see progress. All he saw were his slip ups and bad days. His therapist always reminded him that progress is not linear; there will be inflection points along the way. Tony Stark is a man of logic and science, and he understood things most human beings wouldn’t, but this was simply too hard to grasp the concept of. He was not going to give up on therapy, however. Not now, anyway. He needed to give himself more time. He understood that aspect of it solely because he has tied it to science and his ways of collecting data. Collecting data takes time to understand and improve. Surely this is the case with him.
"—they even know of the Man of Iron, and they refer to him as Earth's Defender."
“Don’t think I forgot,” Natasha nudges his shoulder from her seat as she glares at him. “I still demand to be called the Virtual Basketball Lord.”
“He looked so young. Judging by the date on the tape he’s... four!” Bruce said.
He wondered.
He should feel something, but he had nothing to lose. It was a peaceful revelation that put his soul at ease. He wanted to take that sense of peace with him to where he wanted to go, and that’s why he exposed everything his mind had put chains and locks over.
“What about Tony Stark? Is Tony Stark anyone’s property?” Laughter erupted from the crowd hiding behind cameras, and Tony joined in. “Nope. Too busy these days. Playboy’s put on pause.”
"You really don't gotta babysit me, Cap. I'm not gonna shoot myself in the head if that's what you're here for," Tony muttered. His back was facing the Captain's as he worked.
The Avengers couldn’t help but chuckle to themselves.
“How do you know about that?”
“I know you would,” he whispered. “Which is why I didn’t call or text. I didn’t want anything to change my mind. I just... wanted to leave.”
“Ask me about what?” Tony said as he walked in to start the coffee machine.
“Hey,” Tony smiled, but then realized his voice is cracking and his head is throbbing. He reached his hand behind him, and felt the warm blood around his healed, bruised skull. “What happened?”
“Try to drink all of this before working, okay?” Steve came up with a bottle full of green juice and left it off on the floor next to the working man.
“You don’t gotta babysit me,” he spat.
his therapist has once said.
He feels
Fury nodded. “We’ll work with whatever we have. These guys are just as sneaky as HYDRA. We’ll see what we get to by the next meeting.”
“Sleep. Alright?”
“You really are not gonna let that go, huh?” he muttered as he rubbed at his eyes. “Tomorrow. I’m too tired today. But holy shit you’re good at it.”
was supposed to be, which he understands must have referred to the stacks upon stacks of money he owns, felt like nothing all along; his life had felt like swimming in a pool of nothingness.
But then again, I can’t lie to myself. I know me. I know I would’ve never talked about shit. I know I would’ve continued isolating myself in my lab and thinking I’m better off on my own. I know I would’ve never explained shit. And none of you would know why I act the way I do. And it wouldn’t be fair because you don’t owe me a nice treatment if I just come off as an asshole. But then again being an asshole means I don’t have to be this weak and vulnerable, mentally fucked human being that I am.”
“Uh... s’just...”
Tony.
“Nothing I can’t fix if I can just get to my lab,” he said as he rested his forehead against the table.
as he bows his head and wait for the next line of command, but the rebellion of a broken teenager and the anger coursing through his veins mix comfortably, and he whispers a venomous “Fuck you” to Captain America.
“Resentful, then?”
Steve added begrudgingly).
—to live for.
“The Man of Iron was what you Midgardians call ‘cute’,” Thor cooed as he smiled fondly at a photo of Tony smiling wide at the camera while holding a circuit board.
“I watch the news, darling. Don’t be silly. I haven’t lost it all yet,” she smiled and playfully punched his shoulder, and he lets out a breathless laugh. “You don’t owe us anything for loving you and you never will. But my darling, I just ask this of you. Don’t let anyone, not even yourself, take away what we have given you. Live on. Carry the weight of your past not as a burden, but as a legacy.” She holds on as tightly as she can to Tony’s hand, and a gasp escapes his lips upon the strength her hands exert. “Don’t waste your life.”
Natasha smirked and wiggled her brows at Steve as if to say,
“Tell me you’re proud of me,” Tony whispered.
“Sir,” JARVIS’ voice came up. “I must tell yo—”
The last time he had been drunk was when he had to reside in the mansion. It seems so far behind him now, and he smiles widely and celebrates along with her.
“You know, my mom used to have this garden. She used to plant herbs and flowers. Her favorite flowers to plant were tulips,” Steve said as he picked on a daisy by his side, his eyes glazed with reminiscence over the past.
He was screaming the words out, and they tore right through Steve’s heart. The man who gave them all a home was struggling to find one. He has designed each one of their floors to cater to their needs and wants, to be a haven they can all heal and grow and bond in. He stayed hidden floors upon floors under them in a lab. They never truly bothered to reach out to him. They always thought he was too much of a selfish snob who wouldn’t want to waste his precious time with them.
"We wanna make this right. We wanna be given a chance to take care of you and be there for you. We don't want you just accept whatever you think you deserve," Steve said as soon as they took a seat around Tony’s bed. They had come back from a mission, but before they had walked in, they agreed on doing this.
By the time Clint finished the song, Tony’s chest was rising steadily and the shake his hands wore dissipated. His glassy eyes were pools of honey as the light directly hit his face from his position on the floor, and Clint had wanted to hold him and wipe the tears away.
although i don't receive that many comments, i can't express just how happy i was to read that you guys think this is well written :') thank you and i hope i don't disappoint you.
“You always get me worried. I never understand you or the reasons behind your actions. And not gonna lie, you are one reckless bastard. But we do need you, Tony.”
, and watch the soldier blush profusely as Natasha smirked. Other exercises, however, didn’t always end with a cute, blushing soldier in his kitchen. Exercises such as recalling his childhood memories, pretending he’s talking to his father or to Obadiah, or associating colors, textures, and weathers to how he felt in Afghanistan always sent him into a spiral of panic and anger at himself.
“This is amazing. This... god, he’s got the Other Guy all excited in my head now,” Bruce chuckled as he went to hold the various shiny tools. The Hulk’s voice laced with his as he excitedly walked from one corner of the room to the other to see all the big tools designated for him. “Thank you, Tin Man! Hulk love you!”
He watched Steve fall asleep in his arms. A sigh of content escaped his lips as he ran his fingers through the blonde hair. He could hear Natasha and Clint blast metal music from a few floors away, could hear Rhodey and Bruce yell at Thor from the rooftops as the god summoned bolts of thunder and lightning, and could hear Steve occasionally mumble “I love you, Tony” in his sleep.
“Dude! What if you go missing? What if you get kidnapped? Someone should know where you guys are at, y’know? And the weaponry? Same reasons, but also what if they are left behind or lost during a mission? JARVIS would detect that and basically make them explode so they don’t end up in the wrong hands.”
"Shut up. Please, Captain. Just shut up. You're what? Sorry? So am I. Because I'm not enough. Never have, never will be. I'm a murderer. 'Merchant of Death', remember? And you're all so good and too pure and I'm tainted. Blood on my hands, blood on my face, blood on my body. I'm too dirty. Fucking filthy. Simple men, simple fucking men, and I couldn't stand up to them. My father, the men of Afghanistan, Obadiah, the countless men and women I was too drunk to push off me. I'm no hero. I'm no 'Defender of the Earth' or whatever it is those people from that other realm call me. I'm weak. And tired. And filthy. And I will forever be those things. I don't want you to fucking look at me like I'm a tragedy. Or treat me like I'm made of glass. I want things to go back to normal. I want to be locked away in my lab and not come out unless the world's falling apart. Or unless you guys need someone to release all your stress on, so you call me up for a debriefing and rain all your insults and all the pent-up anger on me. Things were better that way."
Tony looks inside the box again and notices more fingerprints leaving a clean mark against the dusty rectangular compact boxes. For a solid minute, his body breaks in cold sweat. He reaches for his Stark Smart Phone, and scans over the fingerprints.
Tony looked around the beautiful mess that is his lab. “I’m gonna miss you,” he whispered as his hand traced around the diameter of the arc reactor.
“What’s this bot doing here?” Thor asked.
“Who the fuck do I look like?”
Something in the back of his mind shifted to the forefront, and its voice increased in volume. He chased after it, and found strength in wearing its collar as he obeyed the command it gave, but not before hearing screams and shouts for his name as he cut through his palms and watched the blood pour over the expensive, soft fabric. The white wool looked much prettier as it absorbed his shade of crimson red, and the gold frame of the seat sure did look elegant, but with droplets of blood cascading down its curves, it looked extravagant.
His itching hands burnt with the desire to touch Steve’s hair, touch Steve’s skin, touch
Dum-E walked to the Captain with a cup of coffee, and Steve thanked the bot.
Hours of work pass by before he is approached by the young girl of matted hair holding a bowl of food. He doesn’t need to ask JARVIS for the translation of the words that would showcase his gratitude, for he had asked Yinsen of how to say it to him for every night that he has helped keep him alive. He takes the bowl from her and puts his face plate up to smile at her. “Shok-reya,” he tells her.
“Rhodey and I used to pull pranks all the time on people we didn’t like,” he said with a fond smile, and his doctor couldn’t help but mirror that smile as he spoke of their miraculous pranks. He spoke with a glee his therapist has not seen on him before, but it died down quickly. “It was always worth it. Seeing Rhodey laugh and smile because we got a bastard good. But I was heavily monitored by the administration there because of my father’s orders. So I always got in a lot of trouble whenever I returned back to the mansion for the holidays.”
“He w-was d-dead. He—” Bruce sobbed again as he fell into a sobbing Rhodey’s arms. “I-I’ll n-never get th-that out of m-my head. He was... He w-was announced d-dead.”
The light got blindingly bright before it dimmed down quickly, but a small triangle kept its bright glow. Tony threw his glasses aside as he approached the glowing object, the four people in the room following him closely by to sneak a curious look.
The doctor nodded as she clicked her pen to write something down. “Do you not see a middle ground? Is the Captain either totally bad or totally good in your eyes?”
Steve tuned the team out as they talked and discussed their strategy on how they’re gonna approach the genius. He felt heartbroken, distraught, and guilty. It felt as though he could’ve stopped the abuse Tony went through. It felt as though he could’ve done something.
He bit at the sweet spot again and heard the sweet sound again.
“Of course, I’m here,” Steve’s hand covered the hand on his cheek, and he resisted the urge to cry right there and then.
All Tony could hear was static. All he could smell was expensive liquor. All he could feel were veiny hands and tugs on his hair. All he could taste is—
“Don’t bullshit me,” Tony said with a roll to his eyes. “Are you alright? Like really, really alright?” Bruce didn’t reply. “Come on, man,” Tony whispered. “Talk to me.”
he thinks to himself.
“What are you looking at?” Tony growled upon eye contact.
“Woah there, big guy! Calm down, honey. Everything’s okay. Everybody’s okay,” Tony whispered calmly as he stroked at Bruce’s arm that was littered in patches of green. The rest of the Avengers came after Bruce and urged him to get out of the room, but Tony held onto the Doctor. “It’s okay, guys. Just... I’ll try to calm him down.”
Tony’s smirk was still plastered on his face, but Steve saw the hint of sadness that his eyes wore upon the question.
“I think,” Rhodey says, pauses. The amusement leaves his tone and he sounds serious and soft when he starts up again. “Steve’s learned his lesson. I think he knows what it’s like to hurt you, to have you look at him like someone who’s out to hurt you.”
“And I’d reckon some of the Avengers agreed with her at the time.”
“Mr. Stark?”
Tony does, the hand already on Steve going around his waist to lay flat against his shoulder blade, his forehead curling down to Steve’s chest. Steve’s hand slips up to Tony’s bicep, thumb brushing back and forth soothingly. Steve’s breaths don’t move him, but they do press them together more firmly. Outwardly, Tony knows he’s coming across as less feral than in Steve’s office, and he wills himself to settle. Deliberately, he matches their breathing, following Steve’s example, and waits as patiently as he can for his heart to fall for the trick, relaxing and slowing.
He groaned in response, fully aware that he sounded like a wounded animal, and he kind of hated himself for it.
“Okay, point,” he concedes. When he turns around, Steve’s still facing him, his back to his gathered ingredients. “And if you’re afraid we’ll fight, you can always email me your questions.”
“Glad to hear you’re using your newly enhanced senses for good.”
“Do not strain yourself,” Vision says, more amused than anything. “I’ll take care of it.”
Civilians first—he has some semblance of duty, still. He may not dream of Yinsen much these days, but his voice echoes whenever Tony’s making these kinds of decisions. Children first-first if there’s a choice, and then anyone else unlucky enough to be in the wrong place at the wrong time or stupid enough to be filming on their phones.
He grabs his glass off the island and comes around to get a seat at the table. Tony’s head is still angled down toward his tablet, but he’s been watching Barnes’s every move since he came all the way into the room. When Bucky goes behind Tony, disappears from sight fully, it’s supposedly just to get to the chair at the head of the table, the one between Clint and Tony. Too bad that logical reason doesn’t stop Tony from feeling like his entire spine’s just been electrified. He jolts in his chair and Clint’s being subtle about watching him, at least, but he can feel Thor’s eyes on him, and he’s suddenly boxed in, stuck, and he can hear them all breathing individually. He blinks hard and pushes his chair out a few inches with a terrible grinding sound. One of his elbows plants on the table, and he balances his head on his hand, fingers along his eyebrow. He clears his throat, tells himself, breathe. Bucky’s frozen, half-sitting, half-standing over the chair at the head of the table.
