“Tony, you’re... just in time. We were going through each other’s battle strategies,” Steve sighed. Tony knew Steve was trying so hard not to explode right there and then.
He grabbed his bolster and pulled the blanket to cover him. He could literally smell Steve on the bed. And he sighed in content and smiled slightly while falling asleep.
“So that happened,” Natasha said while taking another piece of strawberry from the box. “He walked in before you accessed the files….”
She turned to look at Steve, in disbelief. “We actually did it.” She whispered this. Linda didn’t realize that her eyes were welling up. Steve smiled softly at her. He pulled her for a tight hug.
Pepper laughed, letting Tony into the office. She closed the doors. “I’m not gonna demote him, honestly, his team did such a great job with the evacuation.”
“You know,” Tony turned back to face Steve, who was pushing the wheelchair out. “I really want to know what Parker has for me. He’s this brilliant kid!”
And thank you so much for your support for this story and series. It means so much to me, and I'm very grateful for you all!
On a cool and sunny Monday morning, Clint and Natasha inadvertently ended up in the kitchen together as they both had morning classes. Tony had woken up to get a cup of coffee but when he saw the two of them standing together, he scurried right back to his room. He wanted the couple to talk it out with one another.
Tony took off, running and merging himself with the school population. That’s when Jan saw something that horrified her.
So, Thor and Tony decided to start with the warm up again. Steve was just sitting there looking rigid, and was holding back his laughter. Clint was also doing the same because of how constipated Steve’s face looked.
“We will,” Natasha smiled. Bruce had already patched Tony up, using the first-aid kit S.H.I.E.L.D had provided them with.
It took all of Tony’s willpower to not let the tears reach the surface of his eye. He nodded his head and gave Jarvis a weak smile.
He heard a shuffle behind him and turned. It was Kayla. Even in the darkness, he felt her stare; it was gentle. They were looking at each other for a long time. Just silence and acknowledging each other’s presence.
In front of Steve, there were two children running past him with balloons on their hands. A pregnant woman was on the phone, laughing. Two men walked past Steve and Wanda, holding hands. A few school students were brisk-walking to the nearest bus stop. Everything seemed so normal; almost peaceful actually.
“Thor needs to start to coach you,” Jane let out a chuckle. “No, in all seriousness, I’m a medical student and I know exactly what to do.”
“Mrs. Stark,” Natasha stretched out her hand. “I’ve heard a lot about the Maria Stark Foundation. I’m impressed.”
“You know, dad always said if you saw me you will be as disappointed as he is.” Tears gathered in the little boy’s chocolate brown eyes. His lips wobbled, and he looked at his palms. “Maybe that’s true because dad never loved me. So will you, Cap…”
Thor stood under the tall trees for a while. As a leaf dropped on him, the Puddle revealed itself. He collected the liquid and stored it in a little glass bottle, which was made in Asgard.
Bucky decided to walk with Jan, who was limping. Tony jogged out of campus, ignoring some laughter he got his way for looking like a big mess. He made it back to his apartment in one piece, trying his best to swallow the feeling of dread he had because of Clint’s behavior and Natasha losing it.
Linda decided to settle the toys while Kayla decided to settle the necessary items. Both of them split up. Tony had gone down a few shops to look for some good baby books and clothes.
“No sowwy,” Bucky stuck his tongue out. Tony looked up Steve. His big brown eyes made Steve go all mushy inside.
“It’s Clint.” Tony was trying his best to push the jeans button into the hole. But it wasn’t cooperating with him.
“But it wasn’t easy,” Linda added. “A mother was willing to buy it at a lower price. Even lower than what they sold at the supermarket!”
“I wish you hadn’t asked that, Clint. I just located Nightshade,” Sam spoke up. “She’s at the roof of the apartment you’re passing by. Her cybernauts are all headed towards the bank. They’re all dressed up like humans, they look like normal civilians.”
“My mother’s life?” Tony raised his voice. There was a heavy gust of wind blowing now. “My mother is dead!” Tony bellowed the last part. That bellow was accompanied by a ground shaking thunder roar.
Thor returned that early morning. With the help of Heimdall, he got to know his friends’ location. He was also aware of their situation. He made a stopover in Iceland, at the Puddle of Truth in a forest. That Puddle was only available to those who truly needed it when they were in that forest. Hence, it was difficult to make it appear.
“Yes please,” Steve said, in an almost begging tone. “I don’t want us to get a speeding ticket or worse, into an accident because you want to race with the stranger beside you.”
“Boys, it’s too early for a damn brawl!” Natasha shouted. She went back to the room to put away the pocket knife.
Once Steve left the communal level, Natasha took her phone from her jeans pocket as it buzzed. She read the message, which had come from Phil Coulson.
Tony relished in the warmth provided by Steve’s body. He placed his head on Steve’s chest, and looked up. Some AIM scientists were slowly getting up, after gaining back their energy and strength.
Howard raised his hand and gave one tight slap. When he realized who he had slapped, he was quite surprised.
“I am fine big guy. The others are upstairs. Still asleep I guess.” Sam walked to the kitchen to make himself coffee. “Hey Kayla, get Steve please.”
He put on his seatbelt and leaned back. Tony sighed contentedly. He turned to look at Steve, who was sleeping beside him. The sunlight was dancing gracefully on Steve’s face. Tony took some time to admire Steve’s blonde eyelashes, glowing under the light. His messy blonde hair did all sorts of funny things in the pit of Tony’s stomach. He also saw the little drool on the corner on Steve’s lips, which made Tony smile.
Tony immediately knew who she was talking about. “Oh please. I don’t want my mood to be ruined. He knows I am here with my friends.”
The Avengers helped with the cleanup in Brooklyn Bridge Park, with Tony helping the half destroyed eatery get back to business.
“Tony, you’re not leaving me. It’s just your adult-self coming back,” Steve tried to assure him. “Don’t be down, young man. You’re not going anywhere and neither am I.”
Tony tossed his phone onto his table. He gave his forehead a massage. What was Strucker planning to do? Why couldn’t super-villains just shut up and sit down once they’re apprehended?
“So, my dad did find you,” Tony cocked his head to the side. “How did you survive the icy cold waters?”
Tony tilted his head to the side, and let out a chuckle. “Aye aye Captain! But first, I need clothes.”
“That’s right!” Sam winked at her. They exchanged handshakes. “Steve, where are the others? And wow, look at these babies!” Sam walked to where the babies were playing. Baby Clint willingly toddled into Sam’s open arms.
Tony back to him. The Hulk had also gotten up after falling down. He realized Tony had flown out of the window and wanted to catch him. The Hulk really loved Tony. And he was protective of the kid version. Hence, he couldn’t just stand there and let his friend fall. He attempted to run across the room and jump out to rescue his friend.
“I’ll tell Kayla and Linda.” Tony was walking down along with the rest of the team. Bruce sighed and joined them.
Steve really liked the basement. His face lit up when he saw all the fitness equipment available. He could come here whenever he felt stressed. But he also took into consideration that the lab was right opposite the mini gym.
“Hey Tony,” Jane said, her voice sounding coarse. She forced out a smile while wiping her tears away. “What brings you here?”
Steve and Tony stepped in and kept a safe distance between one another. On the left side of the machine, Steve was looking at the controls and buttons, all sort of alien language for him. On the right side, Tony was also looking at the controls and buttons and could understand what each button would do if activated.
Chapter 5 will drop by tomorrow. The rest of them will be a weekly basis (unless I get really busy)!!
Before anyone objected, Tony gave them a light-hearted glare and motioned for them to go. The five of them walked to the counter. After a few minutes of waiting, they were getting ready for the ride. Tony was just standing, and was watching them sitting down nervously.
He tried grabbing the crepe away from her. Bruce moved away; he didn’t want to argue with them anymore. Thor joined Clint. He tried to pry the crepe away from Natasha’s hand. Clint managed to pin down her hands and Thor was tearing the crepe away from her. They were laughing loudly, completely forgetting they were in another person’s house.
Wanda had caught him and was holding him up with all her might. Spiderman had also caught him. The others were looking at Tony, who was staring right back at them. She carefully placed him down. Once the redness vanished, Wanda started to pant.
Clint flips (or more of like attempts to) flip an omelette. Tony gets a bad news, which causes him to talk it out with Happy and Pepper.
“No,” Doctor Strange shook his head. “I’ve been investigating it. If it was in another dimension, the leader could easily take it by creating a portal.”
Alright, this is the last chapter for this story. I just want to say thank you so much to everyone for reading this, for leaving their feedback or kudos or even for bookmarking this. It really means so much to me, because I was so scared to upload this at first. But I had constant encouragement from my best friend Ash and I saw that you guys were interested to read too. So I kept going.
“Let go,” Natasha gritted her teeth while trying to pry Steve away from Tony’s dad. “Now we know who is responsible, at least we can try to find him. He’s still at Santa Monica Pier.”
Tony used the light from his gauntlet to navigate his path. He tripped on something, but continued walking. He then stopped in front of a stair like area. He shone the light on it and was beyond aghast to find Steve’s lifeless body. He couldn’t breathe properly when he saw Steve and his broken shield. He reluctantly moved the light upwards and saw the rest of his teammates, dead.
He snatched the bouquet from Luke. “I get it, we’ll place it here.” When Luke threw him an incredulous look, he said, “What?! I just did what I felt right.”
“Stebeee.” Tony’s little voice by his ear was enough for him. Steve quietly hugged back, tears forming in his eyes again.
“You’re sort of ruining my presentation here,” Tony sounded casual on the outside. But on the inside, a million things were running. He had dissed Whitney, his ex who gave him nightmares! He had just done that and he couldn’t be more proud of himself! He couldn’t wait to tell this to so many people.
The six of them then ate the strawberries in silence. They were looking at the splendid view of the sea and were enjoying the breeze. Even though the silence was comfortable, Clint didn’t want it to last.
Clint stood up and picked up his bag. He abandoned his coffee and dashed out of the apartment, leaving Tony to stare at the half-open door. It took Tony two seconds to snap back to reality.
Tony ran out of the room, leaving Steve to stand there, dazed. Steve realized he was going to have a boner no matter what. He walked quickly to the little dressing table they had, and adjusted himself.
He turned to Natasha with a soft smile. Out of everyone at the Tower, Steve found a close confidante in Natasha. She had seen him through some tough times, especially when he needed to adjust to living in the 21st Century. Tony was there too, but he was more to the tech aspect and suggesting what Steve could check out. They made a list together, some of which he and Natasha did together, as Tony always found a reason to lock himself in the lab throwing himself into project after project. Oh Tony…
They exchanged greetings, smiling. Jarvis insisted that they should leave now. He helped them load all their bags into the 7-seater car he drove. After everything was settled, they were on their way to Malibu.
The Avengers finally wrapped up. They were ready to go back to the Tower, to have lunch, watch Friends or to do anything better than fighting AIM.
“They will go wherever the stone is. I am only buying you time.” The Doctor now stood up. “Show me.”
Everyone turned to look at little Tony, who cleverly turned away to avoid their eye contacts. He didn’t really want to look at them. He knew they wanted his adult self-back, but, he felt a pang of sadness that he wasn’t wanted here. Tony crossed his arms and kept looking at the Hydrogen Peroxide solution that was at the end of the table.
leader. They should be together.” Iron Man flew past Steve and the team. He gave them a thumbs up before flying higher. Thor joined his side after a few seconds.
But being his partner, Natasha knew best. “I know that face, Clint.” She gave him a very subtle glare. “You want to touch the stone.”
“It’s your birthday, young man!” He said with a voice filled with excitement. Tony looked up briefly, gave both of them a little giggle and went back to playing with his hands.
Steve finally adjusted the knot on his tie, and turned to look at his boyfriend. And Steve nearly convulsed.
With that, she stormed out of the classroom. Professor Williams was giving his forehead a massage, sighing a deep sigh.
“You were adamant about keeping those two, Tony,” Steve chuckled when he saw Tony examining the two plushies.
“Yeah. And actually, I have something to tell the both of you,” Steve announced. “I don’t know how to put this. But both of you are actually in the future.”
“Thank you. I know it was awkward and difficult for you two to suddenly have me and the others to come over. But you two were great help and I hope we will meet again. Do come to New York,” Bruce smiled.
“We heard some shouting. We thought of coming up but didn’t want to invade your privacy,” Natasha said. She sounded very concerned.
If you've got feedback you can leave them at the comments below! I'd be more than happy to read and reply. :)
The windows were just big, long glass panels, which gave a generous view of the blue sea. Clint already loved the view.
After a little water break, Thor asked Tony to present something for the little audience gathered in front of him. A small presentation on anything that interested Tony a lot.
“Tony! I’m here with the flamethrowers… Shit!” Sam’s voice came through. Steve saw a wave of purple hitting him.
Steve pushed Howard down before storming out of the office. The rest of them followed out, starting to feel the panic rise.
“Yeah, to try the cure out on him,” Clint stepped in. He winked at Bobbi and earned an eye roll from her.
“And science is winning,” Carol quipped as she placed her bag on the dining table. Jan huffed at that and went to the kitchen to get a drink.
It was 11pm. The kids were fast asleep. Sam had taken the master bedroom while Linda slept with the kids. Kayla and Steve were seated on the couch below. Both were drinking hot chocolate under the dimmed hall lights.
“What do you mean escaped?!” Fury suddenly raised his voice, causing the Avengers to snap their attention back to the present situation. He had been talking to an agent using his walkie talkie.
Steve brought Bucky to the chair near the cake. Tony was on it too. He gave baby Bucky a small piece of cake. Bucky brought it close to Tony. He slowly fed him. Tony had a small piece too. He too fed Bucky. Bucky reached out across the table for more cake. But he could only use his right hand and that hand was busy going for the cake. So, Bucky lost his balance. Baby Tony saw this. He immediately grabbed Bucky, which caused him to lose balance too. He nearly fell backwards from the chair. But Steve was there, like a guardian angel; he was holding both of them, protecting them. Tony was hugging Bucky, and Steve was hugging both of them. His eyes were glossy. And so was Kayla’s.
Tony was really mesmerized by what Thor was saying. He pushed himself down the couch, and went to touch the handle. To carry it.
“Well, then I just shouldn’t lie and I’ll be fine,” Tony said. He swung himself out of his bed, stretching.
Two levels above the communal level, Thor was soundly asleep. Mjolnir was on the small coffee table in his room. It was vibrating, ready to take flight. The vibration became wilder, and the sound of uru hitting wood instantly woke Thor up. He rubbed his eyes, turning to look at Mjolnir.
All eyes turned towards him. “They have tried to take over the world by opening the Casket of Ancient Winters. But that did not go well. They tried to steal the Casket, many many years later, during my coronation ceremony. But that failed too. Now, they came to Asgard to steal the special stones that can make the wielder powerful. They were half successful. Now, their new leader waged a war against us. He will not be afraid to attack your world to get the other half of the stone back. They are ruthless.”
Tony now had a wide grin on his face. He forgot Clint was checking on his injuries and ran to Captain America, with his arms wide. Steve got the cue. He lifted Tony up, with a chuckle.
I'm so sorry for posting this so late. I've been so busy with my final year project in school. So here's a little warning for chapter 3, it could take a while. But I'll definitely post it!
Clint gulped, hoping nothing would happen to Tony. Natasha was carefully watching what was unfolding in front of them, while holding the leader so that he wouldn’t escape.
Tony turned behind just in time to look at the leader of the Frost Giants and his assistant holding an unconscious Thor hostage. There was still a very tiny piece of that stone he had. He was using that to create a small purple force field around him, his assistant and Thor. But the force field was weak because of the size of the stone.
“Put. Them. Down.” Steve said with gritted teeth. His muscles were tense. Bucky winced as Steve’s grip on his hand tightened.
It was evening and the adults were trying their best to feed the kids dinner. It was mashed potatoes with some steamed vegetables. Linda was trying to feed Clint, who kept running around the house, giggling. She was chasing him. She also had to feed Natasha, who was seated on the couch waiting for her turn to eat. Kayla was feeding both Wanda and Bruce simultaneously. They were more well-behaved. Steve was feeding Bucky and Tony. Both were cooperating with Steve because he promised to bring them on a night walk around the estate.
Without giving themselves a break, the Avengers ran to look at what had happened to their teammate and friend. Clint reached there first, and the look on his face said it all.
Today, Tony was driving all of them to the theme park. They simply had to squeeze at the back, which they were all fine with.
“You sent some onto my hand,” Clint huffed. He wiped the moisture away and gave Steve a light-hearted glare.
Tony raised both his eyebrows. He turned back to look at the photos; especially at the one with Tony and Steve. He then climbed up onto the bed, forgetting about the game he was playing with Thor, and Steve joined him.
“I’m afraid, I did. I used my capabilities, which are my strengths and also at times weaknesses, to win the race between us,” Vision explained, causing Wanda to raise an eyebrow at him.
Every single Avenger dashed out of their rooms with their weapons. All of them took the stairs, running to the communal level.
Jane handed the soggy papers over. “If you can pull this off… I… I’ll not know what to say or how to thank you.”
“Where is Master Stark?” Jarvis asked. He was arranging the magazines that were on the coffee table.
The others gathered below looked up. Tony and Scott were looking down at how Thor was wrestling the Frost Giant. Bucky began to shoot but it had little effect.
“I feel conflicted. After all the decisions I made, I just don’t know if I can pick up that shield again.”
At this point, Tony was wondering if his armor could take the pressure or not. He sighed, because he did the math and he already knew the answer.
After at least 3 arguments, everyone had decided to watch Forrest Gump. They had also decided to eat dinner first and then watch the film together. Tony brought them to their entertainment lounge. It was in a soundproof room and had a big screen. There were a couple of couches around. It looked like a mini theatre.
“And sometimes you have really foul moods,” his girl Friday added on. “There’s even a box at your lab that says,
“Attack it at its waist area!” Steve said and examined the street. People were still running in utter panic, some crashing onto one another. Steve decided to help them up before dashing down the street to the bank.
“I had good reasons to do that,” Rhodey smiled. “We just didn’t want to talk to irritating idiots.” He made eye contact with Natasha, nodding his head. She immediately knew what the matter was.
“You’re kidding!” Danny huffed. He gave another Frost Giant a hard blow. “We’ve been here for over five hours!”
The rest of them looked at each other, noting that Loki was not a topic to be raised in front of Thor, considering how sour their relationship sounds just from Thor talking about it.
Tony woke up when he heard Steve’s voice. He had never heard it this tight and furious before. He slowly got up. Even in his disoriented state, he saw the rage flashing on Steve’s face. And little Tony was scared. He gulped when he looked into Steve's blue eyes, now sparkling in anger.
“I think we should,” Tony nodded his head. He took a quick sip from his milkshake and started to speak again. “Learn how to live flexibly, Steve!”
“Bruce, you are such a loving soul. I hope you will be happy with Natasha. And always remember to smile, always.”
“They uh, Linda has nicknames. Actually Bruce encouraged us to call him that.” Kayla offered Bucky his drink while answering.
Steve’s stomach chose this moment to growl. Tony snorted and wiped away the tears that fell out of his eyes. He turned to face Steve.
Tony chuckled and waved at Nat when she drove right beside him. Her hair was flying wildly and she waved back. She then overtook Tony’s car.
“Guys,” Natasha frowned. “It’s weird. But Tony’s GPS says he’s actually here. But… it doesn’t specifically pinpoint where.”
He stood up, distracting himself from the idea of talking to Steve, who now knew about Tony’s feelings for him. It was embarrassing, honestly, to have a crush on your teammate and he found out. It was like… the worst nightmare scenario in countless number of teen angst novels.
“Friend Tony, that was good!” Thor grinned. “I can see that you're nervous but… don't be! The world is your stage, and you are a confident performer. Believe in yourself and you're already halfway there.”
Steve was checking on Natasha. He was rubbing Natasha’s forehead while kneeling in front of her. She had hit the table very lightly when the Frost Giant pushed her down.
“Can’t wait to see where we’re gonna sleep, actually,” Steve smiled. He picked up another strawberry crepe and sat closer to Tony.
His genius mind connected all the dots. So, he was in a relationship… with Captain America! He let out a loud gasp.
When Tony heard that in his voicemail, he simply chuckled. He was walking out of Professor Yinsen’s tutorial class, which happened to be the last class of the day Tony had.
He took the elevator outside his lab and went up several levels. Once he got out at level 78, he walked past the Wall of Fame, again. The main doors opened with a swish sound after a few seconds. Every single person sitting inside turned to look at him. Wanda and Sam were looking at him, with a hint of a look of pity. Tony could only wonder why but he already came to a conclusion.
Within fifteen minutes, Tony had gathered at their penthouse with the team. All of them were sitting down on the couch, facing one another.
“When I was under S.H.I.E.L.D, I always got training, especially on hand-to-hand combat. After joining the Avengers, I jog a lot. I used the gym in the Tower a lot. Yeah I did.” Natasha was looking at the punching bag, a small smile appeared on her face. “Do you? Bucky?”
Bucky tried to raise his arm and wave. He did. He wiggled his fingers and even swung his arm around. He was laughing at the movements. Steve was chuckling at the child-like excitement Bucky was displaying.
He stopped once he saw the tears in Kayla’s eyes. He placed his mug on the coffee table and came to sit beside her.
Tony and Steve were already more than halfway into their journey. Tony couldn’t help but wonder what the heck caused Steve to feel this much of cold despite it being summer. Steve didn’t look happy in the water and when he was pushing Clint and Thor into the sea, it didn’t look like he was getting a playful revenge, but more of trying to get himself away from them and the ocean itself.
“Steve,” Natasha pursed her lips. “I will do the report. Clint will get his injuries checked out and will rest. Thor will do what you say. But you, you are in-charge of Tony.”
“So, I was scared. I did all the research I could, prepared myself as best as I could and here I am, experiencing the real thing,” he continued. “I gotta thank Professor Williams for many engaging lessons and for all of you for being such amazing peers, honestly, maybe this was a good choice after all!”
“I knew a battle was going on. Steve and I could hear it!” Tony grinned. He and his boyfriend strolled in casually.
“I loved it too,” Steve agreed. “It was something different to hear Thor scream like a girl. It was a change.”
“Clint!” Linda practically screamed when the baby boy tripped and fell on the entire collection of Bruce’s animal toys. His giggling stopped.
“I think I lost my patience,” Clint gritted his teeth. He was just about to leave the kitchen when Tony grabbed his arm.
He saw a few seagulls flying past him, and a little boy dropping his cotton candy on the boardwalk floor. The boy started to cry while his dad picked him up, saying it was alright and that they’ll get him a new cotton candy.
Both of them turned right and started to walk to the Humanities school, while sharing about how their day had gone.
“Thank you, Bucky,” Thor smiled from below. He then proceeded to swing his hammer to fly around with Tony.
Tony exited the elevator, already mentally preparing himself to do some engineering math when he heard a sob come from the open area. Jane Foster was sitting there, alone, with a scraped knee and a couple of torn pieces of paper. Tony wasn’t close to Jane and didn’t know her well. But he wasn’t heartless to leave her crying alone. Plus, he felt this sense of protectiveness for anyone from level 6.
Steve was looking away too, at the yacht that was just stupidly bobbing about. It seemed that Captain America himself was tongue-tied.
“That’ll do.” Clint jumped up. He followed both the girls into the kitchen. Tony was shaking his head.
It only took a few more seconds. The portal closed fully with a violent huff of wind. Thor flew backwards but managed to stabilize himself. Tony was caught off guard. He did a few somersaults in the air.
“Cover Steve! He’s all alone,” he informed his teammates, who were more than unhappy with what was going on here. “Clint, get the civilians out first before finding a high vantage point.”
“Alright, jeez little one, give me a second.” Tony forgot about Clint being his teammate, gave him a kiss on his cheek. Clint gave out a giggle, which sounded like a scream. “Alright here we go!”
Tony and Steve go for a little date, and Tony decides to help a friend out. Plus, Tony starts his first acting lesson with Thor!!
Thor was standing up. When the flight attendant asked him to sit, he pouted at her. He sat back down, with Clint patting his back and whispering reassurances.
Apparently 4-year-old Tony Stark was kidnapped and everyone in the house were worried. He tried to tell them that he was actually there, but realized they couldn’t see him. Only he could see them. So he wandered around his house, walking behind Jarvis who was crying. Ana did her best to console him but it wasn’t working.
Tony saw the night sky quickly moving further away from him. The cool New York air was literally hitting his face. He thought that this was it. He was going to die and would not live to be his adult self. He thought of closing his eyes and accepting his fate. That was when he saw Mjolnir charging towards him, leaving a smoky blue trail in its path.
“I dealt with it like an idiot,” Steve slammed the plate of PB&J on the coffee table. “I just want to make things right but he ran away, literally.”
Doctor Strange sighed. He rolled his eyes. “The stone was here. It was transported elsewhere. And I know it. Now follow me out. I will bring you to it.” He said patiently.
“Friday come on!” Tony shouted as he felt himself being tossed around the wreckage. The orange glow around him became black all of a sudden, and he had zero visibility.
Below, a subtle blue glow formed around Tony’s body. His eyes were once again turning light blue, and he managed to keep himself awake. He then allowed the hammer to guide him, and they both dived down toward the ground.
Thor immediately left after sprinkling the liquid. Peter returned back to his normal age. Before he looked around, he quickly slipped his mask back on.
Rhodey turned to look at the Captain. He was breathing heavily and he looked angry. He was looking at the blank screen with a steely gaze. Rhodey raised his eyebrows.
Tony didn’t say anything. He wanted Steve to go on. So, he kept his eyes on the road, but his ears were so ready to listen to his boyfriend.
He was already standing up. She was clawing up his chest, adjusting herself on Tony’s strong arms. She let out a small whine, before kicking Tony, again, on the hip. Tony sighed. He tried adjusting her in various positions, but she seemed uncomfortable. So he tried to put her down, but she screamed and nearly burst out crying, much to the chagrin of Tony. But he didn’t show it. He smiled before hoisting her up again.
“Watch it!” she snapped. But she cheered up once she realized it was Tony. “Oh hey Tony. Are you late?”
He walked to the bench and sat beside her, almost silent but with a bit of noise to show he was there.
“I’ll show you acting,” Tony said firmly after swallowing. Steve raised his eyebrows, and then nodded his head with a smirk.
“Captain, please violence is not going to be the best answer,” Doctor Strange said. Steve withdrew. His hands were shaking as he tried to control his movements. He then let go.
Tony smiled. “Good to see you too, Spidey. Care to fill me in?” He was already adjusting the comms to match the frequency of that of the Defenders.
“Good to know, just give Tony and I a minute, please? Thank you,” she smiled at him. Steve scurried out of the room. “So, how are you today?”
"So that would explain why kid Tony felt the feeling of an arc reactor on his chest earlier..." Steve thought to himself.
. He let me help them with F.R.I.D.A.Y and with this tablet. I would be more than willing to go out and help them, though.” He placed an arm on Steve’s shoulder. “I know you’re having your inner arguments. But your team, New York, world, people, everyone needs you. It’s not about the government and accords right now. It’s about the people and your friends. They need their capable leader, Steve. Push in your inner arguments and go. Do you want to look at what is happening there? I’ll show you the videos from security cameras available there.”
“I’m sorry I could not come earlier. I was helping with the cleaning of Asgard after a ruthless battle with the Frost Giants. They will be coming to earth, I can sense it,” Thor growled. “Oh the stone, where is it?”
Iron Man was flying in with Bucky. He dropped Bucky on one of the buildings’ roofs and flew down to where Natasha was standing.
And Tony couldn’t help it but smile at that. The man must have seen Tony’s face, looking really worried when he was still in the car.
Hey everyone! Thank you so much for your support for this story! Sorry it took me this long to post this. I hope you enjoy this next chapter!!
“Okay, I’m not leaving you here alone with that,” Tony pointed at the soldiers now lined up. “Their guns look like they’re holding liquid, not lead.”
All the noise stopped. Not even the sound of cutlery clanging onto the plates was heard. The pleasant atmosphere simply died.
Tony flinched at how raw that statement was. “Okay, how about we don’t talk about your father’s death until the end for a surprise twist effect?”
Tony entered his company with a flood of his employees, all wearing monochrome colored work attire. He shook his head in disapproval. Perhaps he should prepare a proposal for Stark HR about work attire, to let office workers wear whatever they want to. Of course, nothing revealing. Work appropriate but with more colors! Stark Industries should not be just another corporate entity where his employees came to work like a robot. It had to be filled with life and smiles.
“They got along didn’t they?” Natasha wondered. She was so worried that they might not get along. But now, things looked slightly different.
Doctor Strange narrowed his eyes but had a little smile on his face. At the same time, his cloak rose up to where Tony was seated. He took it and gave it a few pats. The cloak gently caressed Tony's cheek, where the Frost Giant had slapped when he was de-aged. That was the final straw for Tony. His eyes watered, and he hugged the cloak, forgetting it was still connected to someone.
“I am the God of Thunder and Lightning. With this hammer of mine, I can command them,” Thor said. “I might not be able to read minds, Tony.”
After a few seconds of silence, Tony slammed his foot on the break hard and stopped at the edge of the cliff, near the strawberry seller.
“What was I looking at?” Natasha thought aloud. “They have weapons, two portals opened near buildings. It’s like they want a war with us.”
Sam walked to where Tony was seated. He looked out the window. “The skies are clear.” Sam bent down more to take a better look.
They still had the elevator ride to endure. Tony stood behind Steve as his bedroom was a few levels higher than Steve’s. He managed to see Steve’s hunched shoulders and how sad he looked. Loneliness radiated from this man, and suddenly, Tony felt bad arguing with him so much.
Later at night, Tony decided to go to the gym to check on how his new punching bags were doing. They were just shipped in from his Stark Industries lab and Friday had informed him of it.
“It was anything but that,” Tony pointed out. He slowly got down, wrapping the sheets around him. He walked towards the elevator.
Steve smiled a little. But his heart sank after hearing little Tony’s words. “I will miss you too, Tony.”
“I mean, I have an idea to make a circuit board, hoping it can impress him. It’s so difficult to impress my dad,” little Tony sighed shakily. Tears fell out of his eyes.
“I don’t know about fun, really. It melts the stress away. It’s like you are punching your problems away.” Natasha made some hand maneuvers, which kind of impressed Bucky.
Natasha got up from the couch. She picked up the last piece of crepe and started to eat it, halting the little argument the three guys were having.
Tony walked past the photos and pressed for the elevator and waited for it, still processing what had happened in the de-brief room. Why did he always ended up hurting Steve when he actually kinda liked that man?
Steve was lying down on the floor with baby Bucky perched up near his abdomen. Bucky was holding onto a small elephant doll, which he was using to whack Steve’s chest. Steve could only smile at that. Bruce was hiding a baby bear doll behind him. He instructed baby Natasha to find for it, which she attempted. Once she found the doll, she started to giggle. This warmed Bruce’s heart. Kayla and Clint were playing with paint. They sat further away from the others so that the paint won’t splash on them. Clint seemed very focused while pressing his paint filled palm onto a paper, which made Kayla smile.
Tony, Steve and Bucky were seated at the marble table, adjacent to the swing. They were just introduced to a dog, Chippy, a medium sized mix-breed. He goes around the neighborhood. Tonight, the girls found him on their backyard. Chippy immediately became Bucky’s favorite. They were playing together, Bucky tickling his belly and Chippy yelping in joy.
Tony was grinning, looking at the reporters who were trying to get his photos taken. He was also grinning because Captain America had just lied. And that was a myth broken for him. His dad always spoke about how Captain America was the king of righteousness and never lies and was the true definition of courage and freedom.
“Okay move him to the kitchen first,” Bruce said. “Jarvis, you gotta help with stopping the bleeding.”
“Well shit,” Ben’s eyes widened. “We transported two key members of the Avengers to another universe and we can’t bring them back because our machine broke down...?”
(For those of you who read my university series and is wondering where is the next update for part 3, it's coming soon! :) )
Tony felt his heart crush at what he was hearing. He moved closer to Steve, to give him comfort but also gave him a bit of space to recover.
“Hey Tony,” Bruce smiles. “Yes. I already came up with the cure. There’s anti-emetic elements in it to stop the vomiting and a few other components I added to completely remove Strucker’s liquid.”
“He apparently had sprained both his ankles,” Clint grimaced. “I wonder how he landed after destroying the stone.”
“There is no more time. You need to go, Banner. Come I will bring you to Heimdall!” Thor exclaimed as another ground shaking explosion was heard.
He came out, and shut the door. He pushed his friends down the steakhouse’s red carpet, as they were standing there not knowing what to do. He gave his best fake smile to the cameras and walked in. There were many of them shouting Tony’s name, asking him if he was in a relationship, about his dad’s company about him nearly crashing his car at a convenience store a while back. Tony sighed internally and walked down the red carpet with his friends.
Jarvis decreased the shades in Tony’s room, letting the morning sunlight cascade on the floor. The light slapped Tony in his face, as if he needed more pain in his life. He jerked awake, wondering how he got to his room when the last thing he remembered was crying in his lab.
“I don’t know if I continue to want to get hurt,” Steve sat down on the bench and tied his shoelaces. “Whatever I say, Stark has a counter and it hurts… I don’t know if I want to try anymore, guys.”
The two girls smiled and said, “you’re welcome,” in unison. Clint thanked them for their help. He pulled them both for a tight hug. “I will make sure you guys get a full tour of Avengers Tower.” Kayla chuckled at that.
“What do you mean unidentified? I live here, Vision. Open up!” Tony raised his voice. “I swear to God, Vision, I’m gonna use Clint’s explosive arrow on his face if you don’t open up.”
Steve sighed. He knew Tony wasn’t going to like what he was going to say next. “Tony, I um, keep the shield. I’m probably mission control on this one.”
That was when it had hit Steve, that Tony had heard the apology he had given to him when he was de-aged. “You actually can recall that? You were a baby!”
Both of them took out their pants to free their manhood. Tony sighed once he took off his pants. His eyes widened when he saw Steve’s. “Damn, you’re big.”
Thor tossed the soft remnants onto the portal and called down lightning. Vision fired his energy beam into the portal, with Johnny shooting fire straight in. Tony fired up his unibeam.
Steve watched his boyfriend having an orgasm, and felt his own manhood twitch. He loved Tony’s orgasm face and wanted to see that one more time.
“Well, good. Hash it out, oh Captain my Captain,” Tony smiled. He turned to Natasha, who shook her head at him.
“There will be a group project,” Professor Simon Williams started to explain to Tony’s theater class. “Groups of four. You will get a chance to perform it in the University’s Black Box. A skit that needs to last for fifteen minutes.”
They decided to lie down for a while, taking in the feeling and the bliss. After a few minutes, they both stripped completely and cuddled with each other and knocked out.
“Well you…” Clint breathed in and out. He looked into Tony’s blue eyes and felt goosebumps form on his skin. “Are worthy…”
“It’s the one with 3 floors, the third being an attic,” Tony answered. The lot of them started to walk while dragging their luggage, Tony taking the lead. “Plus they all don’t look the same. They all have structural differences. Like the house we’re going to has a semi-circle window for the attic. The house right beside it has a square shaped window.” Tony pointed out. Steve had a very small smile on his face. This was the typical Tony.
“Everyone,” he started. “Thank you for coming down to help us. I know most of you had something else to do and fighting for an entire night, it’s not an easy feat. So really, thank you. I wish you all speedy recovery from your injuries.”
When Tony woke up, the sun was still shining brightly. He felt really disoriented, and rubbed his eyes. He sat at the edge of the bed, alone. He tried to think back, wondering why he was sleeping and where the heck Steve was.
“No,” Tony said. He was looking at the leaves instead of Scott. “Dad always said I’m good for nothing. So I can’t be worthy. But you can try.” He smiled at Scott.
I hope you guys are enjoying the story. Leave a comment on how it is so far! I welcome feedback (or constructive criticism) so leave a comment, hehe!
And sadly, this is ending pretty soon. Thank you for all your support, guys! I appreciate that a lot!
“I’ll uh… work on this,” Bruce nodded his head. He then turned to Tony and whispered, “Thank you so much Tony.”
Tony didn’t need to be told twice. He ran up and reached Steve, who was shivering despite the hot sun hanging above him.
Tony gave Clint’s shoulder a squeeze, before both of them entered the kitchen, which was suddenly filled with noise.
“Right.” Tony scooped Clint up using one hand. He giggled while being lifted up quickly from the ground.
Bucky was jumping up and down. Linda was carrying Natasha while Kayla was carrying Bruce, who were clapping enthusiastically. The rest of them were standing on the chairs, under the supervision of the girls. Tony was giggling away. While singing, Steve wanted to know, suddenly, how the adult Tony would have reacted to this. He just really wanted his teammates back. He wanted all of them to be happy in the house. He yearned for a better reunion.
As expected, no one volunteered. Tony rolled his eyes and was about to raise his hands when Whitney’s arm shot up.
It was a 50 minute journey from LAX. Clint took this opportunity to catch a quick nap. He rested his head Natasha’s shoulder. Bruce and Thor were now looking out of the window, at the things happening around the highway. Tony and Jarvis were speaking while Steve was listening to it.
“Maybe uh…” Clint started. “Maybe the rest of us could go to another table and leave these two here…?”
Tony was brisk-walking beside Janet, panting loudly . “No, I’m going after Clint because he’s pissed. And I don’t want him to do anything stupid.”
Tony and company had reached the burger place in record time. The other three joined them 5 minutes later.
Before he could do anything, a wave of purple hit him. A very young boy, about 4 years old, was screaming now. He didn’t know how to control his flight, thus he ended up diving straight to the ground.
watching the five-seater ride slowly rising up. After a few seconds, it dipped down. The people sitting on it screamed.
“And… the AIM guys had the cure, so that’s why they wanted to kidnap Tony Stark?” Bobbi asked for confirmation.
He asked the AI to wake them up in an hour. Both of them fell asleep within seconds, with Steve curling an arm around Tony’s hips.
“No I’m not,” Bruce grumbled while getting a towel from the rack. He strolled back to the edge of the pool and sat beside Steve.
Steve dropped the shovel and ran past Linda. He knew who it was. And he was more than glad that he could make it to Boston on such short notice.
“Heavy-hitters to the bank,” Steve said before getting back up. He took his shield out. “Alright, what’s your deal?”
“That will be my Cloak of Levitation,” the Doctor answered. He was smiling at Clint. “Alright now, I have a job to do. Please let go of the two boys as they are fine.”
When they turned to enter the house, Steve realized that the front door was open. It was very odd because the girls would never leave their front door wide open even during the day. He started to brisk walk, dragging Bucky slightly. Once he heard the babies crying, he ran up the porch step. Bucky tripped on the stair, but Steve carried Bucky with one hand. Once inside the house, Steve’s eyes widened at what was happening.
At the communal level, Clint was sitting down with a bowl of Bruce’s special baked rice. He was eating while watching another round of Parks and Recs.
Tony placed one foot down and added some weight. The pain shot up from his ankle and he quickly withdrew. “Yikes! It’s so bad. And I didn’t even know I had sprained both of them!”
Natasha on the other hand, fired her widow bites at any scientist who dared to go near Tony. Clint shot an explosive arrow at the ceiling above him. It ticked off, and the ceiling blasted off, making a few AIM scientists hiding in there fall down. There were three of them, and all groaned in pain.
Thor immediately figured out something was wrong. He rummaged through his study table and found his Avengers ID card. He activated the Assemble button, and that was how every single Avenger, except Tony, found themselves communicating from their rooms to Thor, using their cards.
“Here are the car keys,” Jarvis said. “Drive safely, kids.” He then went back to the kitchen to help his wife Ana with the cleaning up.
“I really like the attire color idea,” one of the directors said. He was all smiles, wearing rectangle framed glasses spotting a few grey hairs. “We’ll let HR know and they’ll come up with a plan.”
“I remember Thor saying something about burying it early in the morning will reduce the chances of them finding it. They buried it early morning in Asgard, and the Frost Giants couldn’t find the stone. It’s safer I guess.”
“Yes,” Tony rolled his eyes. “Even though it’s cringe worthy. But… I don’t remember having a teddy bear… or maybe I did. Yeah yeah, I had a weird teddy bear when I was young. Jarvis didn’t know where it had come from, you know. He was freaking out!!”
Wesley was glaring at Clint. But Fisk pulled him away; both of them walked to their lecture theater.
Hi guys! I hope you all are doing alright. Here's the next chapter for one of the most exciting stories I've ever written.
Linda was settling the baby food items on the kitchen counter. She also placed the bottles and formula milk tins there. Bruce seemed very stressed out. Tony sensed this. So he placed his hand on his shoulder and gave it a light squeeze.
Steve was determined to bury the stone. It had caused enough trouble. At first, he didn’t know how to get it to the backyard. But Kayla gave an amazing idea. Since the stone only affects living things, she suggested to use a non-living object to transport the stone to the hole dug.
“Nice to meet you,” Steve gave his back a pat. “Will you be okay, to walk past the others and to the elevator?”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “You didn’t desert me when I had my nightmares. Nor did you push Bruce away when he wasn’t talking to us. You have my word, we won’t push you away.”
Tony wiped his tears and walked back to the amusement park. But he wasn’t headed back for his friends. He was headed somewhere else.
“Steve,” Natasha placed her hand on his shoulder in a reassuring manner. “Don’t keep beating yourself up over it.”
“Sam,” Steve started. His eyes were slightly red from controlling his tears. “Once Thor comes, the kids will return to their normal age.”
At the very last minute, Thor managed to grab Tony’s leg. His head hit the road slightly, scaring some of the drivers and passengers who were having a normal day.
Tony shrugged. He slowly pulled himself to bed anyways. Steve joined him on the other side. He asked F.R.I.D.A.Y to reduce the light entering the room.
At that exact moment, Tony fell backwards from his chair. The girls had burst into hysterics while Steve was coughing. It seemed that Steve had choked on the juice while Tony made a ruckus of himself.
His statement earned him laughter from his audience. Whitney was watching him with a rigid facial expression, bordering on anger.
“Mjolnir smashed my door and took flight!” Thor exclaimed. “I have an eerie feeling. I am not so sure where Mjolnir landed.”
Sam then brought the bird down and made swooping movements. So it looked like the giant bird wanted to attack the giraffe and the deer.
They immediately sprang into action, setting up the system. After that, they both bowled side by side. Clint managed to get three strikes in a row while Thor struggled to keep up his streak. The others were just watching the two enthusiastic figures from the back.
“Hey big guy, the sun’s getting real low,” Natasha smiled. The Hulk turned to look at her, his stare softening.
He was so loud the buzz of the people chatting around the penthouse died down quickly. They all turned to look at Rhodey. He reluctantly looked up and tried to smile. But it came out as a grimace instead. He slowly started to stand up.
With that, Natasha walked away, with Jessica following her. Clint sighed and adjusted himself. He looked at his watch, eyes widening a little.
“We’re gonna move you to the wheelchair,” Steve said. He began helping Tony up to his feet. But when Tony cried in pain, he helped him sit back down on the bed again. “You know what, I’m gonna do what I’m good at.”
“Alright guys,” Tony directed this at the others. “I have had our comms tweaked a little so we can now speak to the Defenders and vice versa. Cap’s ETA is in about 3-4 minutes. I am already looking for the stones. The rest of us, we do our best to push back the armies. Go on!”
Reed brought the three of them back and threw them into the portal. “Gosh their frostbite is bad!” he grimaced.
The plane continued to make its final descent. Within ten minutes, they were having a smooth touchdown in LAX.
“It’s a she. Nightshade is responsible for this,” Coulson pointed out. “She created a bunch of cybernauts, which are essentially humanoids, and they are helping her out with the robbery.”
“I handled it like an idiot,” he said, feeling his voice fade away. He cleared his throat. “I should have asked him professionally. Instead I jumped in and chased him away.”
“Where am I?” a girl’s voice was heard in through the earpiece. “My parents and brother… There was an accident….”
Tony’s eyes welled up as he thought about it. “Do you remember, mom? Once you and me cooked dad breakfast and he tossed the plate away and made us throw away everything we did?”
“The movements are based on how you want it to move. Like programmed by your mind. You can try it,” Tony smiled. He moved back to look at the work he created.
The Frost Giant contemplated for a moment. He turned to look at the babies and realized that he might as well follow this strange man’s instructions as he seemed to know what he was saying.
“You both are looking at the controls of the machine. At Steve’s side, the numbers allocated for the alternate universe can be selected. There are four alternate universes identified. At Tony’s side, the speed of transporting the person can be set to maximum speed. You can press around, nothing will happen because the launch controls are outside. And there is a remote control there, able to let us locate you and beam you back, or you can send us your location. The signal can be read. It’s not working now as I’ve not completed some wiring inside.” Reed was explaining. Tony took the remote control with him and tried to look inside to see how the wiring was done.
Natasha didn’t need further details. “Clint, when the first thud was heard, why do you think I walked into the closet and stayed here?”
Bruce and Thor agreed with him. The five of them were standing there in a single file, glowering at Howard; all those glowers should have set Howard’s office on fire.
Steve kneeled down beside him. He slowly lifted Tony’s head and placed him on his lap. The rest of them stood around him.
“Look at how far you’ve fallen, Anthony,” Howard shook his head. “Is your life so bad that you have to start dating someone of the same gender?”
Sam was still going backwards. He didn’t know there was a toy behind him. He stepped on a little train and yelped. His hands swung ferociously as he tried to find balance. His hand was dangerously close to Tony and Clint. But instead of hitting either one of them, he hit the puzzle Tony was proudly handing Steve. The board flew and landed on the couch while the image of Mickey Mouse and Friends broke apart. The 36 pieces landed separately. Sam finally lost his battle with physics and came crashing down, hard. He landed on a box full of dolls and toys. The plastic box shattered under his weight and toys exploded everywhere.
Their appetizers arrived first, and it excited Clint and Thor the most. Once they thanked the waiters, they began digging into their meals. Clint was happily eating his crab cakes when he accidentally flicked some sauce onto his shirt. A waiter who was walking pass him gave him a side-eye glance.
“Natasha,” Steve started while continuously rubbing her forehead. “If you’re ever in pain, don’t be afraid to say it to someone.”
“Oh yeah? I could give two shits about you presenting here,” Whitney stood up. “I’m gonna ruin you, Tony. I’m gonna take you down and you’ll regret putting this module as a choice. You make a shit actor and I will make sure you fail!”
“So, we still go back to hiding?” Bucky asked. He was standing with Wanda and Vision near the couch.
Tony found Clint firing at a Hydra soldier, perched on top of the restaurant Tony was hiding in with the little girl. He swooped in and grabbed him.
“It’s alright,” Tony replied. There was a very light smile on his face. Sam couldn’t help but smile at that. He walked back to where the rest of them were seated.
“The rest of us, behind Wanda, Sue and Doctor Strange now!” Steve ordered. “Natasha, a lullaby, please.”
“It’s working!” Doctor Strange shouted. He created a strong shield around the rest of the heroes, who were behind him.
“Please be safe,” Jarvis warned them. “Take care of your valuables, have lunch at appropriate times and drink lots of water.”
Sam smiled at that. They have been walking regularly, with the support of the leg equipment for Rhodey. The exoskeleton Tony provided Rhodey was helping him so much. He had crutches now.
Within the next five minutes, the Limo pulled up outside the steakhouse. There were couples walking in, looking as good as the six of them did. Thor was the first one to open the door. He held it for the others to get out. What they didn’t expect was paparazzi to gather around them immediately. Natasha got out next, with Thor helping her out, and she didn’t appreciate the flashes being pushed right into her face. The guys slowly poured out next, and didn’t know whether to smile for the cameras or walk away. The last one was Tony, who had an experience with the paparazzi.
Laid out on the table were chicken carbonara, a big bowl of mushroom soup and part of the cappuccino coffee cake. Jarvis and Ana were helping the kids out; Thor and Steve looked very excited to try out the dishes. It was just written all over their faces, which made Tony smile to himself.
“And then my ma died. And I was all alone, Tony,” Steve continued. “But Bucky was there and bless his soul, he made sure I wasn’t bullied again. By high school I had buffed up slightly. But… but… some wounds just can’t heal.”
Bucky gasped. He immediately turned to Tony. He brought the little boy’s cheek closer to him and kissed him. Steve raised his eyebrows, but was laughing.
Tony’s eyes were red. He nodded his head. He knew that if he were to say even one word, his voice would break and waterworks would emerge. “Tony, the people coming are your friends. Friends fight. But they also know how to get back together. Take your time. But don’t neglect them for too long. Alright?” Natasha patted his cheeks and got up.
“There is a lab there?” Tony asked. The prospect of a lab made Tony excited. Bruce turned back at the question.
Tony was talking about driving to this place where they sold fresh strawberries when they were having breakfast. He said his family had a couple of cars and they could take two for their rides. He also said he knew this extremely affordable yet delicious burger place that was near the beach. That was where they were going to have lunch later.
happening inside Stark. But oh well… he could have some help searching for evidence. After that, they would not get involved in any shit related to SI.
The only difference was that this little boy was now wielding Thor’s mighty hammer and none of them actually have the chance to escape that.
Tony looked at the little boy. He ruffled the boy’s hair and tried to ignore the ache that was growing in his chest area. He then moved his hands, so that his big and warm palms were holding Peter’s little ones. He gave the boy a smile. “I’ll try.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y light it up,” Tony said. He walked in while the lights flickered on. Steve and Bucky were looking up, at the ceiling. “Where did I place Project 310?”
Clint let out a cry and buried his face into Natasha’s lap, who then proceeded to laugh and brush back Clint’s hair.
“That’s not even half. More of like, one-quarter,” Steve pursed his lips and turned to glare fondly at Tony.
Hi guys! I want to thank each and every of you for reading this story and for coming all the way to part 2's end. Your support means the world to me!
“Everyone,” Bruce announced. “I will be in my lab, trying to get a cure. I’ll also examine this weapon AIM had. Anything, just buzz my intercom. Also, tell me if Tony needs his bandages changed or anything.”
Before he could talk to either of them, his phone vibrated on his pocket. He pulled it out and rolled his eyes at the name of the person calling him.
But Tony gave up the attempt. He let go of the handle and went back to sit on the rock. The blue in his irises vanished.
They had fun together. But Steve always had to pull Bucky towards him. Just one second of looking away or not holding his hand could end up in Steve chasing baby Bucky down the street.
“Jarvis, there you are!” Tony sighed. He entered the kitchen and saw the wall clock. The time read 11.03am. Tony was asleep for only over three hours. “Where did the others go?”
“Welcome back, boss,” F.R.I.D.A.Y started off, her tone sounded happy. “Project 310 is on the desk table to your left.” After a pause, “Boss, Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes are here.”
“Please do make yourselves at home!” Jarvis smiled. He was looking at the kids from level 2. “Please do sit down and I’ll get something for you all to eat and drink!”
Tony couldn’t help but smile. After so long did he see his other teammates gathered together and looking peaceful. He thought of sleeping back again, to wake up after everyone did. So he relaxed, taking in the absolute silence settling in the room, occasionally disrupted by Thor’s soft snores.
After a sigh, Bruce said, “so that Thor can save Asgard from those beasts. I wanted to help him. And I didn’t want the enemy to be powerful.”
“You think he got kidnapped?” Natasha asked. “I mean, he’s a pretty public figure by now. That’s one possible explanation.”
He appreciated the sudden burst of attention, even though he was drained. In fact, while waiting for his food, he had taken a few photos with some employees. He even signed an autograph on a napkin. Tony loved his staff, the very people who had helped his company stand where it was. He made sure they were well taken care of. And if they wanted to take photos with him or get autographs, he was more than willing to comply.
There was a round coffee table and a long couch around it. There was a television mounted on the wall opposite the long couch and below it was a fireplace. Beside it, there was a big space dedicated to being a bar.
“Are you with the Howling Commandos?! Is Aunt Peggy here too?! Is your best friend Bucky-“ Tony clamped his mouth shut. “Sorry Cap, sorry sorry I forgot he died. Don’t get mad at me. Dad always got mad at me because I always say the wrong thing. Please. Don’t tell dad or else he’ll slap me. And his slaps hurt all the time.” Tony’s eyes began to well up again. He was practically begging Steve, who was patting the little boy’s back. He was whispering calm reassurances to a shaking Tony. Deep inside, he simply felt like socking Howard in the jaw.
He turned to look at baby Bruce, who was on the couch. Bruce was staring at him, eyes wide. He looked like he was about to kick Clint very hard. But his gaze softened slightly when he saw Clint’s eyes filled with tears.
“I still have this,” the leader sneered. He slowly got up and revealed the last, small piece of stone he still had.
“You know,” Bruce began. “I should have listened to you and should have turned the jet around. I went to a mystical land, came back and put all of us in danger, because of taking something that isn’t even mine, worst, it doesn’t even belong on earth.”
“Drink some water, Steve,” Ana offered. Steve took a small sip, still shaky from the tight slap he had just received.
“Oh my God so Cap got his best friend back! Dad must be happy too!” Tony squealed again. Natasha let out a small laugh at the excitement Tony showed.
“Don’t say a word,” Steve looked at Tony with a 'don't you dare laugh' warning look when he brought his order to the table.
“You can’t give up now,” Sam raised both his eyebrows. Everyone knew how Captain America was supposed to be, but this was definitely not how he was supposed to be; resigned and sad.
“Are you serious?!” Tony bounced on the bed. He was staring at Steve in wonder. “I managed to make an arc reactor…. To fit my chest area! Oh… so that’s what that weird feeling is.” Tony ran a hand across his chest.
“But we need to be united,” Thor spoke up. “We need each other to face bigger threats that may come our way.”
“Yeah I know,” Tony said, smirking because his tactics were obviously working. “But this rainbow cake is good. I bet your pie and the other stuff here are excellent. Plus, the price is so reasonable!”
Tony winked at the receptionist as he walked out of the building. He sat in his convertible and drove back home, taking occasional sips from his milkshake.
Hi everyone! I hope you guys are having a good day. Thank you for the support so far! You guys are awesome! For now, happy reading!:)
Tony let out soft grunts each time he hit a scientist. He turned behind, just in time to catch the heroes running in.
“He was uh one of the recipients of the September Foundation Grant,” Tony said loudly. “A special recipient.”
Steve did the math in his head. Three and a half months ago, there was a fight between his and Tony’s team in Leipzig Airport. He realized who this
Heimdall activated the Bifrost and Bruce was transported to this suburb within seconds. He was still holding on to the stone when he landed.
“I didn’t mean to touch them…” he said. He placed the frames back, and looked at Steve. His lips wobbled, and tears gathered in his bright looking chocolate brown eyes. “I’m sorry… please don’t scold me… I… I never meant to be a disappointment.”
He ended up sleeping instead. When he woke up, the time was well past 8pm. He took his phone to look for messages, or even a call from his friends or Tony. Only messages from his friends were there.
Howard didn’t bother to tone down his insults despite seeing the tears in Tony’s eyes. He gave his son one last glare before walking away.
“I can’t… can’t…” Tony tried to catch his breath. “I can’t believe both of you tried to swear my AI into silence.”
Tony's speech took me quite a while to write, because I had to create something 'presentable'. I even spoke it out and timed it and hit 3 minutes on the dot, which is such a fun fact!
The jet made a good landing. Tony quickly shut off all the controls and left the back door open. The three men exited the jet. They walked straight in.
Tony was throwing the car keys up and down, waiting for Thor to be done. Natasha and Bruce were already walking down the stairs, while Clint and Steve were with Tony. All of them were checking for their valuables; Clint came up with an idea to store all their hand phones and wallets inside one bag so that they could use one locker. So everything was in one bag, including two water bottles, a sunscreen, a few packets of snacks and their wristbands, compliments of Tony who had bought that for his friends and himself online; just two days prior to their trip to Malibu.
“Well,” Steve hesitated. “You were de-aged, and a few AIM scientists wanted to kidnap you. But you used Mjolnir to beat the crap out of them and half destroyed the Tower.”
Within an hour, breakfast was prepared. All of them sat down on the huge dining table in the kitchen itself, near the balcony doors. It was a huge spread, and Ana was so proud of the kids as they had managed to cook for over ten people.
Steve slowly shifted Tony to the couch. He then sat beside him. The lights dimmed and the movie started playing.
The rest of them agreed. They all were determined to find their friend, whatever it was going to take. They got their bag and quickly went to their car.
Tony exited the elevator, feeling more relaxed now. He went to his room and grabbed his phone that was on the nightstand.
Tony nodded his head. He started the engines. After a slow rumble, the engines came to life. The jet slowly lifted off. Within a few seconds, they were on their way to the States.
“I don’t think so…” Steve sighed. “Anyway, I just got a text from Thor saying he’s not in any of the toilets. I wonder if he left…”
Steve sat up. He wiped his mouth and stretched well. “Did you sleep, Tony? Or did you finish up the entire crossword puzzle book?”
“I know, my kick was pretty light-hearted too,” Natasha smirked and helped Clint up, whose face was red like the strawberry he was eating.
“Watch thy language, Clint!” Tony snorted. Thor was grinning at this. “But your arm, we’re gonna get it checked thoroughly, okay?”
“Boss, you have to look into Widow’s Bites as she bites, Hawkass’ arrows and a Bible project with Reed Richards,” Friday said, sounding amused at how 3am, caffeine driven Tony had named his projects.
After the show ended, both of them spoke about ice-cream, flying cars and the Avengers. Somehow, their conversation topic changed to Steve.
While Spidey began telling Steve about his plan, Rhodey had received a video call from the one person he didn’t really feel like speaking to. He opened up the tablet and decided to make it quick. The person’s face was displayed in the screen.
“Welcome to the new Stark mansion,” Jarvis winked at all of them. “A few boys and I will have your luggage moved to your rooms, which is at level 3. Oh and the plan is for two of you to share each room.”
How do you think the rest of them will react to Natasha leaving? Please leave a comment, I'd love to hear your thoughts so far!
“The pillows and flowers are for you,” Reed smiled. “I know they aren’t as fancy as math equations but hey, we hope you like them.”
Mistakes were made. Decisions were taken based on what Steve felt was best given the circumstances. He couldn’t go back in time of course. But he could look forward to the future. He could sense trouble coming. A possible war with creatures from another realm. But he knew that he was ready. Deep inside his heart, he was ready to face them. He had to keep going. Tomorrow the Avengers will be back. And when they unite, they would take down the foes no single heroes could.
The jet flew over one of the portals. There was a slight turbulence. Clint and Wanda held onto the sides of the jet as they lost their balance. Natasha and Bruce held onto Thor, who was holding Mjolnir very tightly. Steve held onto the pilot seat’s headrest. Tony gritted his teeth while maneuvering the bird and Bucky was focused on the battle ensuing outside.
“Let-tim go!” a little voice shouted at the Frost Giant. It was baby Clint. He was scowling at the big figure, strangling the super soldier. He gave the Frost Giant’s right shin a kick. “You don hurr our Steeb!”
Tony was so confused and surprised to see Steve Rogers staring back at him like a deer caught in headlights. He was torn between asking Reed, “why didn’t you tell me Steve was invited?” and “Steve himself is here?”
The channel had stopped that live broadcast and had switched back to the studios, where a perplexed looking man was seated. He let out a nervous laugh before moving on to talk about what social media was saying about the whole ordeal.
“Guys, we need a strategy,” Natasha said. She was using her stingers on some Frost Giants. It only did really minimal amount of damage to them. “Iron Man, where is Cap?”
Tony took in a deep breath. His good friends were just a level down and he was really looking forward to spending a good time with them. He didn’t want his father or his words to ruin his mood. “Okay, fine. I get it. But don’t you dare tell me you wanted to protect me. I can’t bear to hear that anymore. You just want yourself to shine and bask in all the spotlight. You are just like any other businessman, selfish and cruel. I get it. I fucking get-”
Wanda was ready to carry the stone using her powers. She told herself that she could do this, that she will be successful. Steve had encouraged her a lot. He gave her a pat on the back before she went to the basement.
Tony raised an eyebrow at him. “What you want to pass the mantle to someone? You can do that another day. And just… Forget the decisions you made then. The world, possibly, may need you and you’re backing out now?”
“Oh Tony,” Howard shook his head. “I thought your love life was over after what happened with Whitney.”
Tony was hoping Bruce would calm down as the sounds around them were triggering; Hydra soldiers fighting, Widow Bites, Thor’s hammer hitting the men and Steve’s shield slamming onto a soldier who let out a scream.
“Now here are the two people I thought we’d never see again,” Bruce smiled. He gave them both a hug.
“I love you too, Cap,” little Tony said softly. Steve’s enhanced hearing had picked that up, fortunately.
Bruce knelt down and let out a groan, slowly opening his eyes. He looked at his teammates staring at him in awe. He was even more surprised to find himself holding onto little Tony.
There's so much more coming in this story and in the following parts, all of which I hope to update at a fast pace.
Bruce had just walked over to Nick Fury. This mission didn’t need the Hulk; Bruce was required to examine the device and write a full analysis report on his findings. Hence jolly green didn’t come out for battle today.
Tony got his answer before he could ask what it was. Steve hoisted him up, bridal style, and placed him on the wheelchair.
“Go!” one of the men shouted. All the AIM scientists lined up in front of him started to charge at him. They seemed to forget that they were going after a little boy.
Steve obviously didn’t catch the meaning behind her question but Peter sure did. His eyes widened in alarm and he immediately turned to look at them. “No… no no,” Peter said. “That’s another Steve from Brooklyn who caused the injuries! This is… this is
Pepper was surprised by his actions, Tony could tell. He couldn’t recall a day he came into the office willingly to help Pepper out. Maybe he should do this often, to help her out. It was his company at the end of the day.
There were a couple of wind chimes, made of metal, hanging near the place where Steve and Tony were standing. The warm Malibu wind made them rustle, and that sound was the only sound that was heard for a solid few seconds.
Just then, both of them heard the distinct roar of the Hulk. Clint jumped away, and ran towards Tony just in time, and the Hulk crashed onto the communal level, from one level down. The flooring gave way even further, creating a huge mess.
Both Steve’s and Tony’s eyes snapped open. They quickly moved away from each other, wondering why they hadn’t heard the door open, when they realized Vision had actually walked through the wall.
Steve sighed a long sigh that made even Tony felt bad for him. “It’s okay. This is something that always happens and you’ve apologized multiple times so it’s fine.”
Howard stopped dead on his tracks. He immediately turned back and walked towards Tony, making him regret his words.
Bruce stood up. “That’s true. But the Frost Giants couldn’t find the stone when it was buried in Asgard. So chances are, if we bury it here and they come, they won’t be able to find it. Plus, if Thor comes, it’ll be easier to retrieve it.”
Tony also saw another photo frame. This one had only his older version and Steve. And in this photo, Tony was kissing Steve, and Steve was smiling.
She froze. She was just looking at Tony, as if he said something crazier than what he usually says. “What?” she managed to ask.
The team was watching in shock, at the people running around in a frenzy. Police vehicles were stopping by in a disorganized manner. The officers obviously didn’t know what to do. They were looking around; some escorting people while others looking at the portals in awe. Bruce was trying not to Hulk out in the house.
“Are you out of your mind!” Steve yelled at him. “What do you think you’re doing?” He slowly got up.
“Master Stark,” a voice called out. Natasha turned to look at a middle-aged man smiling at Tony. “There you are.”
Tony raised an eyebrow. This was potentially a disciplinary issue work, that was if he chose to do it the other way. “Uh… I’ll see what I can do. Why don’t you ask your professors to redo this for you? I mean, it seems a valid reason.”
“Boss, the time now is 12pm, and the skies are looking relatively clear. It’s a great weather for a walk at Central Park,” Friday spoke up in her calm tone once she sensed Tony waking up.
“Okay, then in that case, I don’t think Obi is doing anything illegal,” Tony said firmly. “And my dad might just be paranoid.”
“Yes, solar panels but it’s my idea to modify the solar cells, so that their efficiency is increased, to minimize heat wastage,” Tony briefly explained while pulling out his blueprint.
“We did it!” Linda squealed. In her excitement, she gave Steve a hug, more of a squeeze. Steve didn’t mind. He chuckled and hugged back, the tip of his ears turned red. “Oh my God!” Linda suddenly said.
Memories of the ice and cold came rushing back to Steve. He managed to suppress a shudder. “I don’t know, Tony. But all I know is that I’m here now, and you’re here too.”
“I’m gonna watch some stuff on the TV,” Clint was telling Natasha while entering the mansion. After Tony was done paying the driver, all of them jogged up the stairs. They entered their rooms, ready to get out of their professional clothes.
“Don’t believe everything you hear, sweetheart,” Natasha carded his hair and walked past him. The rest of them were snickering, much to the displeasure of Clint.
The four of them sitting on the bench looked up. The sky was a mixture of cobalt blue and midnight blue, and the millions of stars scattered across it looked like fairy dust. The orange glow from the sun set was slowly fading away. And a white streak of light was flying past them and was headed into the horizon.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y, where is the stone?” Tony asked. He was still circling around, with Ant Man seated on his armor.
“Hop on, Clint,” Reed said. He stretched out his arm all the way up 6 floors, to where Clint was perched on. Clint settled down on the palm.
Steve was beyond horrified to fine the army now shooting tiny ice at the team; like bullets from a machine gun. Iron Man was standing in front of Natasha, firing repulsor blasts at the ice. “
“Dad,” Tony said, sounding irritated. “Is everything always about rivalry and competition for you? Anyway, I know Obi. He’s a good guy and he won’t betray Stark Industries. I mean, this is the job that pulled him out of the mud!”
Steve had his shield perched on his back, hidden by his cardigan, while Hawkeye’s quiver was with Sam. Clint had his arm swung around Natasha’s shoulder, walking as if they were a couple. Steve however, was only walking close to Wanda and wasn’t holding her hand. He was thinking about the mission more than acting casually. In fact, acting casually was the least of his concerns.
Jarvis or Vision, did not have a comeback for that and didn’t open the entrance; which was kinda unusual.
“It shall be you and I, friend Bruce!” Thor grinned enthusiastically. They both exchanged a fist bump.
Then, he brought Wanda’s and Natasha’s little girl dolls and named them both Claire and Carol respectively. They were the owners of the two animals. They tried to shoo the big bird away, but it wouldn’t leave.
Tony turned. His eyes were red. He sniffled and took a step towards Steve. Steve forgot his question when he saw his teammate in this state.
It was very difficult to get hold of T’Challa. After many negotiations within 2 days, did he let Tony know where the secret Avengers were hidden. Tony had to beg for him to allow them to come back. He told them how out of all the people, Bruce Banner had asked for the team to assemble. He also assured T’Challa that there was a safe place for them to hide once they left Wakanda.
Steve was adjusting his tie in his room while looking at the orange tinted sky, with streaks of pink extending to the horizon. He had opened the window and a cool breeze was brushing past his face.
One of the AIM scientists moved to get Tony. Steve threw his shield at him and knocked him out. Tony let out another shudder and hid behind Steve’s leg.
Steve, who was sitting at the edge of the bed, let out a snort. Tony danced his way to where Steve was, and wiggled his butt in front of his face, and then made a 180-degree jump, and shimmied.
“If it was a mistake, don’t bother making it again!” Tony raised his voice, making a few of the people walking turn to look at him.
The seller stood up, happy to have made another sale. He gave Tony the best box of strawberries he had. After buying it, Tony started to walk back to his car.
“Get ready, Avengers,” Steve firmly said. Tony managed to look at Steve. He let out a shudder when he saw the look of determination with a mixture of anger written across his face. He pressed his face into Steve’s chest, and felt Steve’s arm curling around him in a protective manner.
Steve let out a laugh. He didn’t even know his eyes were tearing. Tony slowly raised his left hand and touched Steve’s cheek. Steve leaned into the touch. He tilted his head and rested it on Tony’s palm. There were tears spilling from his eyes. Tony slowly wiped them, using what was left of his strength.
Steve increased his speed, on both stroking and hitting his sweet spot with precision. Under his administrations, Tony lost it. He came real hard, hips bucking up and eyes rolling. Come sprayed out of his cock onto Steve’s arm. He moaned out Steve’s name and let his orgasm wash over him.
Steve started to look at the control systems. All the buttons and switches looked very intricate. He touched one of the buttons. “It looks very complex.” Steve said softly. He actually said it to himself but it was loud enough for Tony to hear.
Tony thought, this was it. He was not going to make it out alive in this battle. He closed his eyes and just let his body fall. He was enjoying the wind beating past him. He managed to block out all the other noises coming from his earpiece; they were all his teammates calling out his name in panic. He accepted his fate; there was nothing much he could do anyways.
The team wants a bit of a relaxed night before they go back to New York but looks like the Frost Giants are going to ruin it.
He ran down the stairs and entered the basement. The lights near the lab was switched on but there was no sign of Tony. Steve sighed. He wanted to wake Bruce up. So, he turned to go back up. But his eyes caught a very subtle movement behind the lab table.
Bruce was looking at her. He didn’t expect her to turn abruptly. In fact, he was admiring her side profile, when he noticed a small smile appearing. He was enjoying that moment, just watching her smile.
Tony sighed in disappointment. He could never get Steve to laugh at anything with him. Tony did want to go closer to Steve, he wanted to talk to him and be there for him. But that asshole is a tough nut to crack. Also, his father had valued Steve more than Tony himself. Of course, the resentment was still there.
Clint’s eyelids slowly fluttered open. He sat up further in the car. He turned around to find all the others except Tony asleep. He rubbed his eyes and was looking out of the window. That was when he saw the view. He couldn’t help but gape at what he was looking at.
“Me too,” Wanda turned to Tony. “I owe you an apology. I’ll be glad to work together with all of us, again.”
“What are you doing here??” Tony asked her, taken aback by her presence. He caught another familiar figure standing behind Jan. “What the hell are
Tony felt adrenaline pumping around his body, because of the speed at which he was traveling at. He let out a shout and looked down. There was a car parked below and it was beginning to look like a toy car.
Steve didn’t say anything. He just kept looking at Tony, the glare changing into a look of concern. “I’m not gonna allow him to touch you, Tony.”
“I’ll hide this in another dimension. Not at the one the Frost Giant is trapped in,” he assured Steve. “I will see you and your team.” After giving a reassuring smile, Doctor Strange walked into the portal. It closed after some time, leaving Steve alone in the backyard.
The team then took the stairs up to level 3. It was just a door to the attic. There were boxes, taped up and neatly arranged. The attic window was covered with a small white curtain. It looked very plain.
The jet made a perfect landing at the Tower. Both Scott and Sam were standing by the back door, which opened up slowly. The interior of the Tower came into view. Both of them took some time to get adjusted to the light.
On the last room, both Thor and Bruce were already unpacking. Thor nearly let out a scream when he saw the size of the room. He ran around for a while and only stopped once he stubbed his pinky toe on the side of the bed. Bruce was shifting their clothes to the walk-in closet. He was still quite stupefied by his surroundings, as he has never had a walk-in closet, let alone a big grand mansion.
Tony breathed in and out deeply, trying to contain the anger that was bubbling up. He knew Clint had meant and was his good friend but talking to Steve was not something he wanted to do. In fact, he actively avoided it.
Both the spies started to laugh, with Clint wiping away more tears. Thor joined them after a few seconds, and he placed Mjolnir on the coffee table.
Once Tony was outside, he got up from the chair. “Jarvis, tell Bruce that he can find his chair outside the lab.”
Clint and Natasha exhaled loudly upon hearing Tony’s words. There was an extra loud roar from the Hulk and a little gasp from Wanda.
The armor closed and lighted up. After a second of loading, the powerful unibeam was blasted at the Giant. It went straight through him, creating a big hole on his chest. The Giant fell down.
Tony thanked Jarvis and raced up to the last level. Up there, he found Steve examining the rooftop gym. Tony could only wondered how long Steve was up here, killing time.
Tony has an interview with the campus' best journalist student aka Christine Everhart. Natasha and Jessica think the pairing results might have been manipulated. And Clint is still angry with Natasha...
“Okay, let’s get to today’s activity. Share with me a story about yourself. Get the feelings out, people, today we’re all gonna board the feels train!” Professor Williams clapped his hands together in excitement.
“You will be a fine man in the future, Tony,” Thor smiled. “I wish you all the best. The God of Thunder will always be there for you.” Thor hugged Tony tightly. Tony touched Mjolnir one last time. He felt the same energy coursing through him.
Tony looked very different whenever he was thinking. The pen held between his index and middle finger, with the clicker placed exactly on the middle of his lower lip, Steve never failed to notice how unique this was. This reminded him of the nights the team spent in the Tower together. Tony was always in his lab, while the rest of the team argued about whether to have a movie night or not. Steve was the one who often went down to check on Tony. He always seemed to be trying to improve his suits. Whenever he was considering a design, the pen would be held in this unique way. Steve always smiled at that.
“You know,” Kayla stopped him. “You don’t have to be tough. If you have feelings, it’s better for you to show them. Never suppress them.” She held his elbow.
“Mum, these are my friends,” Tony enthusiastically said. “Meet Steve, Natasha, Clint, Thor and Bruce. Guys, meet my mum.”
“We love you too you know,” she said softly. “Not just because of the numerous tech upgrades you give us. We love you for who you are, for giving us a home, for giving us a family. Most of us never really had one of those. Tony, thank you for all those.”
The journey back to New York via the quinjet would only take less than 5 minutes as Tony was flying it in high speed. Steve was trying to come up with a battle plan. He knew they needed to split the team into two so that they could fight at either ends of the street. It was such a weird looking portal, opened on the ground and the Frost Giants entering from the side.
“So the stone can send me to the age where I was a pain in my dad’s ass?” Clint hollered. Wanda was more amused by his laughter than the point made.
Bucky shifted himself closer to Steve. He then went on to place his head on Steve’s right shoulder. He closed his eyes and let out a soft sigh. Steve patted his best friend’s hand. After so long did Steve see a more peaceful looking Bucky. He couldn’t help but stare at him as he drifted off into a peaceful slumber.
Thank you for all your support! I'll be updating this regularly because my term break is here. Comments are welcomed here, so feel free to drop one! Happy reading!
That night, Steve insisted he should sleep in the room with the babies. Sam and Kayla slept downstairs while Linda took the master bedroom.
Steve gave Tony’s cheek a kiss, a very firm kiss. Tony smiled at that. His little hands wiped Steve’s tears away. “You shouldn cry, Cap.” He smiled.
“We can talk.” Doctor Strange now said firmly, directed at the Frost Giant. “I know where the stone is, and I can lead you there.”
“When you put it that way…” Reed sighed. “I’ll contact the Avengers and tell them about their team members, and leader.”
Steve placed the medication away and sat closer to Tony. He brushed back Tony’s hair, barely stopping the tears from forming in his own eyes. “Howard is wrong. He’s been wrong about you, Tony. And I’m not disappointed with you, I never was. If anything, I really love you. You gave me a home, a family. You gave me a reason to keep living in a world that moved on without me. Tony, I really do love you.” Tears fell out of his eyes. He quickly wiped them away.
Tony nodded his head, impressed. Bruce felt a stare. He turned towards the swing set. Natasha was seated on it and Clint was pushing it. She was staring at Bruce, but once she got his eye contact, she looked away.
And that was just another battle for Tony. Soon, he had to speak to the owner of the food place and settle everything, monetary wise, here. It was just another day. But what a day it was. He almost kissed Steve, who liked him back! He had a heart-to-heart with that one person he never thought he’d make an emotional connection with.
Both of them quickly breezed by the penthouse and made their way to the elevator. Not many of them gathered there saw this. But only Natasha did and it took her less than ten seconds to figure out who the boy was and what he and Steve were up to.
Tony took in a deep breath. “I think… I think we should start again. Because the last time we spoke, about to kiss… Strucker and the Helicarrier happened.”
At the Tower, a screen suddenly popped up near Steve and Rhodey. Tony’s face appeared. He had a fresh cut on his sweat coated forehead and he looked
At this point, another one of the scientists who managed to get up despite being beaten up, tried to fire at Thor.
“I feel like pushing you down might be the right thing to do. May I do that, Mr. Rand?” Luke retorted. Danny tried not to roll his eyes and gave Luke’s shoulder a pat.
Rhodey considered this. “Then you should get going. I have Vision. I can practice walking with him.”
“I am always ready, Nat.” Tony smirked. She was slightly glad that Tony was back to his normal self.
“Yeah,” Clint scowled. “He’s one of us. We’re not gonna let you off so easily if you lay even a finger on him.”
Inside the bank, Wanda was using her powers to disable the cybernauts, that were very close to exiting with the cash. Natasha was using hand-to-hand combat on the cybernauts while Clint was firing electro arrows at its waist area.
“Pay attention to your classmates, respect the person who is speaking in front of you,” he said. “Okay, who wants to be the first person?”
After lunch, little Tony got bored of playing board and card games. Thor decided to play hide-and-seek with him.
Tony turned to look at Rhodey. They had a solid eye contact for two whole seconds before Tony snorted. He leaned back onto the couch and started to laugh again. He made no noise and was just clapping his hands.
The good Captain was standing in the penthouse, looking out of the windows. He was staring at the other buildings, thinking. He was feeling conflicted. Should he not go there? But if he doesn’t, it’s like he was selfish. He dropped the shield for a reason and it didn’t feel right to pick it up again. Yes, there were many heroes assembled there, fighting the battle. But they needed a leader and he was a natural at it. They need him and he simply deserted all of them.
“It’s a damn door, Obi, why don’t you open it with some noise?” Tony pretended to look slightly amused and annoyed. He took a kleenex from the box beside him and wiped the area.  “Anyway, I’m dropping an idea, Obi.” Tony managed it smoothly.
“Yes, just wait for me to stop them,” Tony said and flew straight into the jet, which was quite near the Brooklyn Bridge. Tony made sure all external audio was switched off because that explosion was deafening. He was engulfed in an orange glow as he tried to find a way out of this mess he had gotten himself into. Tony groaned in pain, and realized Friday had gone offline.
That was when Tony felt his stomach churn. Damn that Hydra serum, it was about to ruin his life. Wait who was he kidding? It already ruined his life.
“That stone needs to be buried soon,” Bruce said, calloused. The team was at the living room. “And tomorrow, successfully.”
“Team 1, at the first portal behind me; Bucky try to take them out using your capabilities. Hulk, keep smashing them into the portal. Wanda, use your powers to push them back or rip them apart. If you see any of us in danger, create shields. Iron Fist, join us here. Clint, you join the others there. Spidey, wrap the Giants together and swing them back. Nat, you stay with me. We take down any Frost Giant who crosses that Spanish café,” Captain America just fired orders. There were movements among the two teams.
“Tasha!” baby Tony exclaimed. Steve pulled him towards him. He settled Tony on one thigh while Bucky attempted to climb on the other.
With that, the others walked out of Bruce’s lab, knowing he preferred to work in private. Tony looked at his Captain one last time, and once he disappeared inside the elevator, Tony sighed. He was really going to miss his adult self's friends and Steve.
“Oh Tony,” Steve laughed. He made a mental note to ask adult Tony about Peggy. He then ruffled Tony’s hair.
They all entered the kitchen, looking slightly tanned and sweaty. They brought the smell of the sea back home, along with grains of sand wedged inside their shoes as souvenirs.
“Tony, you’re a little baby now. I should have told you this a long time ago. But I put it on a letter. I feel like, I should tell you this.” He began. He was speaking very softly. There were tears in his eyes. “I’m really sorry for whatever that happened before this. I needed to tell you my apologies to you face-to-face. This is the closest. I really care for you and the team. I’m sorry for hurting you and leaving you alone that day. I’m sorry for not telling you about your parents. I know I made you angry and hurt you, and I deeply regret that. I’m glad, just glad the team is slowly coming back together.
Natasha smiled at him. She knew that this Bruce was vulnerable and prone to blaming himself for every bad thing happening around the globe. She squeezed his arm. “You didn’t want it to land on the wrong hands. Maybe it was meant for you to bring it here.”
He then hacked into the mainframe and waited for a few minutes as it finally gave him authorized access.
“Steve,” Tony breathed out. “Don’t… make prom… promises you can’t keep.” He motioned for Thor, who kneeled down immediately by his side. “Here is the hammer. It was… nice to hold her. She saved… my life. She’s the reason why… I didn’t de-age or disappear off the face of earth.”
The others who were there, ran to the opposite side of the street. Luke, Jessica and Doctor Strange sent the last of the Frost Giants into the portal before leaving the area.
“Yeah, that jerk is so into science, it’s almost as if he’s cheating on me with science!” Jan declared, much to the amusement of Tony.
“Cap,” Tony drawled. He looked up at Steve shyly. “You need the two healthy, good looking adults back right?”
Steve was standing on the empty hallway. He closed his eyes for a second. He knew it was stupid of him to back their play by just speaking over the earpiece. But he felt like he wasn’t worthy enough for the Captain America mantle anymore. He was thinking about this when he was in Wakanda. He didn’t really speak to anyone about it; it was usually internal arguments. Steve knew people wouldn’t react well if he told them about this. Tony’s reaction was the evidence. Plus, now, Tony wasn’t happy with Steve.
Bruce laughed a hearty laugh, that even showed the crinkles by his eyes. He then carried little Tony to the machine. The machine looked like a giant capsule with doors. Bruce placed Tony inside. He gave him a reassuring smile, a wave, and then closed the doors.
Once Tony was inside, he sighed in relief. Bruce’s cure was already working well. He felt fresher and a little more energetic.
Just then, Tony came out of his room. He was shaking his head in disappointment as he had heard parts of their conversation, especially when they spoke with their voices raised.
A rift enabled Tony and Steve to slide down and land right in front of Avengers Tower. Steve landed back-first, with a thud. Tony landed chest-first on Steve.
“We’ve been friends ever since, and best friends after Clint didn’t care about what others said, but hung out with me. I was thinking if we should just be good friends. But then prom came, and he asked me to dance with him. And I realized I had fallen for him; and so did he.” Natasha wiped away her tears and let out a chuckle. “That’s how we met, Bruce.”
Bruce went closer to Natasha. He was sitting beside her. They both got hold of each other’s hands. Bruce had a very tight grip. Natasha could take it though. They sat like that for a long time, in silence, that was more than comfortable for the both of them. They enjoyed being in each other’s presence. She was happy knowing that Bruce was always here, no matter what. He was happy knowing that Natasha had forgiven him and was with him at the present moment. Natasha then hugged Bruce. It had been a difficult time in both of their lives. The hug between them symbolized that no matter what happened, they would always be there for one another. Natasha squeezed him while Bruce was trying to blink back his tears.
Steve sighed. He looked very unhinged. “Bruce,” he began. “This is Tony. I found him in the lab just a few moments ago.”
“Let me just stop you here,” Tony said, interrupting his dad. “You came all the way here to ruin my fun and talk to me about
Tony sighed too, feeling relieved. He turned to his left and saw another figure standing close by. “Ah, Mr. Magic.” He smiled.
Suddenly, the Hulk let out a grunt. He fell to his knees, still holding onto Tony. Thor attempted to grab Tony away, in case something was to happen to him. But he stopped because the Hulk was changing into Bruce and he was still cradling Tony.
Within minutes, they were halfway into their dinner. Clint couldn’t help but take more of the carbonara, much to the glee of Ana. They were all chatting about school and about what had happened in the last semester. Of course, they didn’t go into details about Bruce being bullied by Ross, the six of them chasing his dad, senior lecturer Pierce, out of the school and all the other nonsense that happened because Ana and Jarvis would flip out. They were telling them about how tough their exams were and about their first Uno game together.
Doctor Strange rolled his eyes. “I couldn’t visit you in the medical unit because of the cleaning up at my place. Hence, I showed up here. I’m sure you’ll be fine. There’s flowers at the side for you.”
“Bruce.” Natasha touched his arm. “You did what you thought was right. That’s all any of us can do at a given situation.”
Bucky pulled Tony for a hug. He hugged him tightly, assuring him that he was forgiven and that he was fine. Tony returned the hug. He buried his face into Bucky’s shoulders. Bucky was patting Tony’s back slowly. After a while, they let go. Both men were wiping their tears.
Tony didn’t understand what Bruce had meant. Until the elevator doors opened to Steve’s level. When he saw the debris, he nearly screamed. He walked out, looking up at the ceiling, which had a massive hole. A few Damage Control employees were still lingering around. When they saw Tony, they smiled at him.
Thor was laughing while shaking his head. Chippy was fast asleep beside him. The noise didn’t bother him.
“No…” Natasha replied, again. But a cheeky smile formed on her face this time. “I did see a picture of you, your younger self holding your first circuit board…”
“We’re gonna go racing,” Tony tossed both the car keys up and caught it. “I’m driving the black beauty. Who wants the gorgeous silver?”
Thor managed to hit the shuttlecock back to Clint at ease. They were running around, hitting it back to each other. The game was going smoothly, until Thor decided that it was enough. He used the forehand smash technique, hard, taking Clint completely by surprise.
“One portal closed, guys,” Steve said. He felt slightly relieved. “The rest of us, pour it on! Push them back! Team 3 keep looking for the second stone.”
Everyone else agreed with this gladly. They couldn’t wait to explore the park. Moreover, they couldn’t wait to search for evidence at the Stark mansion.
“I have brought the cure, Captain,” Thor announced. He pointed at a glass bottle settled carefully on one of the pouches in his armor. “After they are fully awake, all we have to do is sprinkle this on them. Make sure the water lands on their hair and skin. Give them a minute to recover and the Avengers would have assembled.”
“Cap?” Tony started, eyes welling up. “Is this how it feels like to grow up? Everyone you love going away?”
Excitement was like a bright light that was lit on all of their faces. Some ran into the house to get their clothes, while Natasha and Clint stayed behind to wipe themselves first.
There was a roar from the Hulk. He charged towards one of the row. Danny was standing in front of the other row. He was concentrating on summoning his Chi and on channeling it down his arm and into his hand. He did that until his hand became like a thing of iron.
“Is… Steve being here a problem? I thought he’s your team leader and needed to know about this machine…” Reed was scratching his head.
“I have an idea,” Thor said. “I can bring the stones to the Puddle of Truth at Iceland and soak them. The All-father has told me about this. It will soften the stones, thus weakening them. I can use Mjolnir to annihilate it entirely.”
Natasha smiled. “Oh Bruce, it goes a long time back.” She reminisced. “My parents died in Russia due to a fire. But I was safe. I was able to get to my mother’s friend’s house in Idaho. I saw her as my aunt, and called her that. So, I was five and went to the States and it was only a couple of years since the Cold War had ended. I had other kids bullying me because of my accent and because I was from Russia. My aunt’s son, even he called me all sorts of names and wanted me out of the house.”
Steve only hoped they were at the attic. He was more than willing to run around the neighborhood, looking for them.
“I saved Brooklyn, Cap. And I don’t give a rat’s ass about my safety when millions of others are considered. Oh, and thank you for this fucking de-brief by the way, so useful. Appreciate it,” Tony snapped and walked out of the room.
“Thanks, my girl,” Tony smiled. And then he realized what Friday had said. “Wait, did you say tantrums? How the… fuck it you’re right. I get angry like a hormonal teenager.”
Tony ran out of the apartment, leaving a confused yet concerned Steve to pick up the tank top Tony had tossed onto his study table.
“Sayonara to your knee-caps, ugly yellow man!” Tony shouted. He gave the man’s knee a nice kick, dislocating it. The man shouted in pain and collapsed onto the floor. Tony stomped on his other knee, and ran away before he could catch him.
With that, Tony dashed towards the stairs, as the elevator was taking too long. He was desperately trying to button his jeans up, which made him almost fall thrice as he was running down the stairs at the same time. Once he reached level 1, he burst out of the door, almost crashing into a group of students chatting.
“Oh no, that’s okay. I’ve got this,” Tony assured Professor Williams before turning to Whitney. “I’m not sucking up. Also, you do that way better than me.”
Tony opened his face plate up and both Steve and Tony threw their team members, who were laughing, a light-hearted glare.
was the only thing Steve could think of. But what Steve didn’t know was that Tony was right behind him.
“Wow. Pleased to meet you,” she stretched out her hand. Peter took this opportunity to press the elevator’s button. He was squeezing his Spiderman suit into his bag, to make sure it doesn't just pop out suddenly. “So, you’re from?”
He walked to Tony’s cot. Tony’s back was facing up. Steve couldn’t help but smile at that. There were the Iron Man and Captain America plushies, which Bruce ordered online, tucked under his arm. Initially the Captain America plush was bought for Bucky. But Tony was so adamant that he wanted both of them. So he got both. Bucky got a baby bear doll instead, which he fell in love with, first sight. Wanda was sleeping beside him. She was drooling onto her pillow. Steve gently wiped the drool. Once he lifted his hand off, she turned. Bruce was at the end. He was hugging his bolster. He let out a soft whimper, which Steve heard. He patted Bruce on the head until he was sure that he was alright.
Tony stepped out of their walk-in closet and started to dance like an enthusiastic drunk in the club. He clapped his hands and wiggled his butt.
General Ross let out a cold laugh. “You’re lucky Tony is all banged up and isn’t here. I would have liked to have had several words with him and they all aren’t pleasant!”
“Did you two manage to sell all the items?” Tony asked. There was another call coming from General Ross, but Tony cancelled it. He decided to take all the heat later on.
“Look at you, all blushing,” Natasha laughed. And that got Tony’s attention. He saw Steve outright blushing and chuckled to himself.
Natasha swatted him in the head before walking towards the back door. She was laughing and a blush travelled up her cheeks.
The slap landed on Tony’s right cheek very hard. The sound echoed in the now seemingly silent house. Baby Tony fell down, and he was struggling to open his eyes. The pain was so immense, that he couldn’t even cry out loud, but tears were flowing out of his eyes. Clint crawled towards Tony. Doctor Strange was staring at Tony, in shock.
“For just, leaving you. Without saying anything. Just abruptly, flying off to some other dimension,” Bruce said. He stuttered slightly but managed to say it.
After about half-an-hour, they reached Santa Monica Pier. Tony parked the car and all of them poured out of it. He activated the retractable hard top, and it covered the car within seconds.
“Tonee, Steeb.” Bucky was attempting to climb onto the table. At this point, Tony had already cut the cake.
The others knew about the situation. They kept very quiet. Clint, who was seated beside Tony, couldn't help but squeeze Tony's right hand. They were in opposite teams, yes, but they were still friends at the end of the day.
That was enough for Rhodey. He slowly stood up, took the tablet and hurled it toward the wall on the left, where nobody was standing. Sam ducked his head in panic and the others stopped talking altogether. They all saw the tablet fly across the room. It shattered upon impact, cutting Ross’ incoming call entirely. Bucky and Wanda flinched at the sound, while the pieces landed on the floor. For a moment, the penthouse became too quiet.
be more cracks, and there were. He had been checking for them every day ever since he arrived in Boston.
“Well Tony and I have been saying one thing to you ever since we started this talk about what we’re gonna do in this situation, and we’re sticking with what we said. They’re here to help us. And they can stay as long as they want in the Tower and the Accords are open to them,” Rhodey stated as a matter-of-factly. “It’s their decision. You actually don’t have any reason to start bashing anyone up
The song ended. Steve assisted Tony on blowing the candle. Steve blew it away, but he acted like Tony blew it and was grinning at him. “You’re so strong, young man,” Steve complimented the little boy he was carrying. Tony smiled while looking at the cake and then at Steve.
“Let Thor go and we’ll talk this out,” Tony went straight to the point. His eyes were turning red in anger and he was glaring at both the Frost Giants.
So, when Tony said cars, the others expected a normal, minimalistic kind of family car. When they came face-to-face with two Audi A5 convertibles, they lost their shit.
He opened the door and was relieved to find no one in there. It was a weekend and Obadiah and Howard had no business in here.
Steve walked to the window and looked out at the lights spread out in front of him. Tony had asked for him right after waking up.
They went for a few other rides, laughing and giggling together. They got themselves corn dogs from a stand, and sat at an empty bench (miraculously they found one) at the boardwalk and ate together. Clint got himself cotton candy and devoured it fully. Bruce had gotten some large cheese fries, and shared it with the others.
Tony grinned. Just this morning, Tony was behind the wheel. He sped down Malibu, racing with a stranger who didn’t even know he was being challenged.
When everyone was laughing after picturing Steve breaking the coffee table in their apartment, Howard Stark walked into the kitchen.
“See you guys soon,” she smiled at the 7 of them standing in the elevator together. Ben had taken the stairs down, with Johnny accompanying him. The doors shut, leaving Bruce and Natasha standing there.
The Hulk gave him a grin before returning back the fist bump. The force used by him, sent Ben flying towards the trash cans at the side.
Kayla turned towards him, her laughter dying. Natasha stopped coloring and turned to look at Steve. His tone changed the atmosphere in the house.
After getting seats for six, all of them studied the menu for over five minutes before ordering. Food quickly filled the space on their joined tables, and the six of them who were so famished, began devouring the burgers.
“We’ll be back by 9. And try not to burn the house down.” Steve smirked. Kayla was laughing while Linda gave a light-hearted scowl.
“No… no I… I need you too, Barney.” Tony slapped his forehead with his palm. This was not going smoothly.
Tony was watching that. But he closed his eyes and tilted his head to the side because he felt this sudden energy coursing through him. He suddenly felt more powerful, more alive, and importantly, more angry. He gritted his teeth and snapped his eyes open. His irises were completely blue.
“Stop feeling guilty man!” Rhodey said sounding exasperated. “If Steve himself needs you in Boston, then you need to go.”
Not pity. Just a soft look which was what Tony appreciated about her. She didn’t feel sorry for Tony, which was the last thing he wanted anyone to feel. And it wasn’t his pride talking. He felt sorry for himself so why should someone else add to that feeling too?
Tony quickly slipped his shirt on. He took out his shorts and threw it onto the study tables at the open area.
She pushed Steve's, Bucky's and Tony's thoughts out of her mind. She could only wonder how the three of them would come together. They seem willing to but not ready to.
There were some flashes of images Tony was looking at. The first was the explosion in the wormhole, during the Battle of New York, which was coming towards him. The second was of him firing repulsor blasts at the Chitauri army which was coming out of the portal. The third was more of a voice warning him about his armor integrity. It was his girl F.R.I.D.A.Y. She was calling out his name, sounding very frightened.
“Tony! Listen to us!” Steve tried. When it didn’t work, he raised his voice. “That’s an order, Avenger!!!”
“Next time, look out for your daughter,” Tony said in a fierce voice. He turned to Aurora with a softer tone. “And you, continue to shine bright, little one.”
“Yeah… yeah sir everything is fine,” Steve managed, and proceeded to take a sip of red wine. The maître d nodded his head while smiling, and walked away.
Bruce joined them after a while. “I figured out what the formula is. That pink liquid isn’t a drink. It’s to be placed in some sort of a machine and it’ll then turn to gas. After that, little Tony will be transported back to his time period and we’ll get our Tony back.”
He flew to where Bucky was standing and landed. Scott was about to jump down to the pipe. But Tony stretched out his palm. Scott walked and sat down on the gauntlet.
Tony tilted his head to the side, thinking. “Tell you what, I’ll join you today. Let’s get the meetings done, work done.”
“I don’t know what to say, Strucker,” Tony stared at the man, who now seemed tired. Even Tony almost felt sorry for him but he had to remind himself that he was a super-villain hellbent on destroying New York using his invention. “Us humans are imperfect and we are going to lie at certain times in our lives.”
“It’s okay, Tony, I got you,” Thor said as he hurled Iron Man towards him. He held him by the waist and both of them flew off to the Tower, with the rest of the Avengers watching them fly by.
After going down the street and turning right, they entered the big supermarket. Tony instructed both the girls to get trolleys. He told them to grab all the useful items, without caring much about the cost. The girls were surprised, but it didn’t take them long to remember that they were speaking to the billionaire, Tony Stark.
“Mr. Stark!” Peter said. He ran to where Tony was and stopped abruptly in front of the wheelchair. “How uh… how are you?”
“Mom,” Tony looked at her with a pleading look. “You know how he gets when he looks at my face! Why would I do that to myself?”
“He went back to sleep,” Clint yawned. “He was awake for two full minutes before knocking back out. He asked for you, Steve.”
I hope you guys are pumped to see what will happen in part 3 to Tony and to all the characters. All I can say is, part 3 is gonna be epic!!
“Whatever you are going through, boy,” the seller called out after him. “It will be okay. Don’t overthink it. Just smile!”
“Damn,” Tony said. “You can get really horny. You’re possessive too, right? I should have slept with that girl; would have ticked you off.”
“Nah, the tides have turned,” Tony smiled, his eyes full of admiration for Steve. He was now pushing both Clint and Thor into the sea, and was walking back to the shore, fully soaked.
Tony scratched his head and looked slightly uncomfortable. “Uh, no Thor. I’m more of the shallow water type of guy.”
“And soon, you’ll get here,” Steve said. He leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss on Tony’s forehead.
“I already secured my flight deck,” Fury said. “SHIELD is almost done apprehending the rest of the soldiers here. We can’t find Strucker.”
Of course Natasha didn’t have a definite answer for that. No one could have one. Tony was a small ball of enigma no one could have a good read on. That was the truth. At times, Steve thought he understood Tony, but an argument or something he said will prove otherwise. This was one of the situations too. How did it all turn so… awkward?
Steve felt his knees go weak. Thor held him, stopping him from crashing onto the ground. Natasha tried to locate Tony’s GPS. She let out a sigh and waited. Bruce and Clint were just standing there. They already knew the fun was over even though it was just 4pm. Bruce looked at the polaroid photo he was holding. The six of them had taken it just now, right after lunch. They all were making crazy faces in it. It was taken in a booth, one of the stalls,  and all of them have one copy to keep as a memory.
“No,” Tony practically whined. Tears formed in his eyes. It was easy for him to say something snarky, being the King of Timing. But apologies were never his strong suit. “Please give me a few minutes, Steve. I want to make an apology.” Steve nodded.
Steve sensed this. He broke the kiss, and both of them started to pant. That was when Tony saw the tears in Steve’s eyes. Without another word, Steve lifted Tony up, so that he was carrying him in a bridal style. He tilted his head forward and kissed Tony again.
Kayla and Linda took Wanda and Natasha respectively. They all went up. Sam and Steve were with the rest of the babies.
Upon entering the kitchen, they saw Steve and Tony hugging and Ana and Jarvis working side by side at the dining table. They could also feel the atmosphere in the kitchen, and knew something was wrong.
“Right, I’ll be in the walk-in,” Tony said. He pulled shut the glass doors and began rummaging around the drawers for something.
Tony kept moving back, feeling scared. The ugly yellow suit man said he wanted Tony. At one point, he simply wanted to give himself up to the AIM people. But he knew Cap would never allow that. He was hoping no one would get badly injured or even die today.
“We fought,” Clint cleared his throat. He was so bad at this. “And it's been a week plus since we spoke.”
Before Jarvis could say something, Steve stepped in. “It’s not your fault.” He brushed back Tony’s hair, and pulled him closer to him.
“His GPS says highway, edge of the cliff,” Steve spoke. He calmed down slightly, after feeling the Malibu winds on his skin. “But the others can’t really find him there.”
Indeed, the leader and his right-hand Frost Giant were standing in the alley, planning to de-age or even wipe some of the heroes out of existence. What they didn’t know was that Ant Man had managed to get on the leader, and was halfway cutting the chain loose.
Clint realized he couldn’t lie to Tony anymore. He dropped the fake smile and sighed. “Tony, I have a fucking sucky habit. Okay, don’t judge. I can’t just see a game as a game. I take things a little seriously and like to win. It’s me and I can’t do shit about it.”
Steve smiled an innocent smile and Tony hugged him. Steve rested his head on his boyfriend’s shoulder and sighed contentedly. Tony gave Steve’s forehead a kiss and helped him up. After settling down, they drove back to the mansion in peace.
Steve, who was leaning against Thor, had a sudden realization. “Guys, while going on the roller coaster just now I think I saw a few men dressed up in suits. I even think I saw Tony’s dad among them. Do you think…?”
“You’ve been through worse, Tony,” he told himself. “Trust me when I say that getting rejected by Steve isn’t gonna be the most painful thing ever.”
Steve placed the bowl down and took a sip. His face scrunched up. “Boy that’s horrible.” He placed the coffee pot down and went to rinse his tongue. “Thor, what did you add in this buddy?” He asked once Thor entered the kitchen.
“I did!” Sam laughed. He was hovering and firing his taser at some Frost Giants in the air along with Johnny Storm, who was shooting flames into the portal.
The new armor which was fully assembled, landed in front of Tony. The little girl gasped when she saw the suit open up.
“Yeah. Thanks Tony.” Sam was about to walk back. But he stopped and bent down slightly. “I’m sorry about what happened.”
But then, Tony felt like he was suspended. Plus it was taking too long, he should have fallen down by now. Moreover, he felt something sticky on both his arms. So he opened his eyes. All around him, it was red. He looked up; even the sky was red. He was suspended in a red bubble.
“You’re bleeding,” Peter said quietly. He stretched out his little hand. “You don’t mind me touching you?”
Everyone were impressed with what they saw. The Doctor was looking down at the fallen Giant, feeling pleased.
Tony raised up the hammer and lightning was called. The communal level’s long paneled glass windows shattered as lightning came charging through. Tony slammed the hammer onto the ground with all his might. A solid crack ran across the floor, and the place felt like an earthquake had hit it. The scientists running lost their balance and fell down. The floor below them, near the elevator at the left end of the hallway, gave way. Some of the scientists fell through that hole to the level below.
And that was how Tony found himself walking at the level below the communal level. He saw a few room doors left ajar, and decided to hide inside one of them. The room he entered was looking quite neat. Pretty grand too. It looked like a hotel suite, with the television mounted on the wall opposite the bed and an attached bathroom to the room. There was a couch and a small round coffee table at the side, right beside the entrance. At the opposite end, right in front of the window, there was a study table. There were several books stacked neatly on it, with pens and pencils scattered around. There was also an easel with an empty canvas, standing right beside the table.
Steve felt himself relax, and sighed a huge sigh of relief. That doubt has been creeping up ever since he saw Tony naked in his room, in the apartment. But he never really asked because firstly, he didn’t want to bring up the memory of Sunset and secondly, he was scared. Okay to be fair, a little scared.
“To be holding grudges for so long! When it wasn’t even my fault!” Natasha shouted at him, throwing the butter knife across him into the sink.
At the seaside, Clint couldn’t understand why Steve and Tony were already going home. He and Thor really wanted to enjoy themselves under the sun, but they couldn’t. They decided to come back another day. And Bruce chose this opportunity to give Clint a lecture about personal space.
Thor had swung an arm around Tony’s shoulders, while Tony was supporting Thor by placing an arm around his hip. He was still holding onto Mjolnir.
“And I have some words to exchange,” Steve said, firmly. He was about to go up the stairs when Tony grabbed his arm.
“You’re worried.” Tony pointed at Bruce. He walked away from the lab table. “Is it the tiny cracks?”
Tony quickly wore his blazer and moved on to his pants. He managed to wiggle into them. He hopped into the elevator and was trying to button up his pants. As he was rushing, Tony couldn’t button up properly. He decided to pull his stomach in and breathed in deeply. The button managed to go through the hole and Tony groaned as he adjusted the zip.
“Boss, the army is gaining the upper hand in Bleecker Street,” F.R.I.D.A.Y suddenly said. The men broke the hug.
His mother smiled at him, all the worry melting away from her facial features. She walked away to the kitchen while Tony reluctantly took the stairs up to his dad’s office.
Tony used the fingertip of the gauntlet to break open the pendant. The repulsor ray’s heat helped crack the strong glass. Thor then took the stone. They waited for three minutes for the puddle to show itself.
Tony sighed dramatically and plopped down onto the couch, in between Steve and Thor. They switched on the television, and The Price is Right was on air.
Howard raised an eyebrow at Steve. But he was impressed by his courage and with how Steve was able to converse with him confidently.
“Avengers, I found a point of weakness in the cybernaut,” Steve was saying and launched himself onto it. Both of them flew onto the main road, landing on a car that was driving past. The driver slammed onto the breaks, sending Steve and the cybernaut flying across the road.
“Someone bumped into you?” Tony asked, frowning. He went back to her and sat back. He threw an arm around her shoulder to calm her down.  She rested her head on his shoulder, letting her tears rise back up to the surface again.
Tony sighed and sat back. He knew it was going to be a wild ride with his housemates at his place. Only the higher power knew what was installed for them.
After about half an hour, they were paying for the things they bought using Tony’s credit card. They borrowed the trolleys to push their items back home. Tony promised to return back after they were done.
Bruce looked at Tony. He was very stressed. At this moment, he wanted nothing more than to bury the stone badly.
Bruce immediately took the first syringe and drew the first shot of the cure. He injected Tony with it as fast as he could. Once done, he pulled the needle out.
When adult Tony woke up, he was more than surprised to find himself sprawled across Bruce’s lab. On a freaking gurney!!
The ride came to an end soon. The six of them got down and walked to get their shoes. Thor’s legs were shaking, and he held onto Bruce for support.
“Yeah, where is he?” Aunt May asked and the elevator doors shut, cutting out the rest of the conversation.
Thank you so much to all of you who have been reading the stories in this AU and part 3! It's gonna be worth it!
Clint could not chew his food anymore. He was torn between feeling glad for Tony and feeling sad because of how much Tony was neglected. Natasha and Thor were just staring at Tony while Bruce let out a sigh. Steve gave Tony’s back a pat before picking up his cutlery. The others followed suit and soon, they completed their meals.
The Frost Giant was gasping for air now. Tony sighed, before throwing him two full meters away from where he was standing. He turned back and helped Thor up. And Thor couldn’t stop looking at Tony’s blue irises. He got reminded of the younger version of Tony attempting to lift the hammer.
“It was bad. What happened at the airport and at Siberia.” Tony’s eyes were filled with tears. They were threatening to fall if he made any swift eye movement. “Rhodey is paralyzed. And you lost your arm because of me. He left his shield. I was all alone, in the cold shelter, with just thoughts of realizing my parents’ died because someone killed them and I destroyed the relationship I treasured the most…”
Johnny stepped aside to let Reed start the machine by turning a knob to the right. He then pushed the controls forward. Inside the machine, Tony felt excited as heard the machine whir to life. Various buttons and panels were lighting up. Steve went closer to Tony as he took in the stuff that was happening.
“Look Steve, I know I’m imperfect and deeply flawed and I’m trying each day to be a better person. You don’t have to point it out for me,” Tony simply snapped.
Clint, who heard his name suddenly being said, quickly turned his attention to them. He was examining his injury. “But black coffee wakes you the fuck up!” Clint argued back, with a soft voice.
Tony’s eyes widened when he suddenly felt Steve stroke his manhood. He let out a moan when Steve did it harder. Both his hands flew to Steve’s shoulders, and he squeezed them. Tony’s thighs were quivering, and he felt like screaming, losing patience at Steve’s speed. He bucked his hips, wanting more. Steve had noticed this.
Ben groaned before getting back up. “Why not?” he rolled his eyes before jogging to where the rest of them there were running to; to where Doctor Strange was preparing to conjure his shield.
“Why not somewhere far away?” Tony looked around the area. “If those buffoons come, they won’t attack here.”
Wanda looked pale. She was slowly regaining her composure. “They are fine. But… but they’re all babies.”
Pepper was more than happy when she saw Tony in the office again with Steve. She would be spending the rest of time teasing them about how hers and Natasha’s plan worked like a charm. Tony would let her have that satisfaction anyway.
As much as Tony was intrigued, he knew he had work to do. He walked towards the lab. The stone, which Bruce lamented about over the phone, was on a metal dish. It was oval and grey.
He bent down to give Tony a hug. He wrapped his arms around a surprised Tony, squeezing him slightly. “Mr. Stark, thank you so much, for everything you’ve said and done for me.” Peter whispered. Tony was reluctant at first, but hugged him. He gave Peter’s back a couple of pats.
They all walked into the kitchen, where Ana and a few helpers were setting up the table for lunch, and Jarvis was helping Tony stop his nosebleed.
Linda was filming this whole thing silently. Soon, she was filming Tony walking around the house like a big boss, his milk bottle on his left hand and cake on the other, which he fed to the other baby Avengers. Kayla had to wipe off cream from every baby's face. When Tony fed Steve, he tripped on a toy and nearly fell down. Steve was quick to hold him. But there was cream from his mouth to all the way down his shirt, near his abdomen. He chuckled at that. Tony looked slightly frightened.
Steve turned to look at his boyfriend with a soft smile. He was eating a corndog. And he didn’t know what to tell Tony, who was looking at the open ocean with a peaceful look on his face. Steve didn’t want to disturb Tony’s moment of peace with himself, which was a rare occurrence. So he decided not to say anything.
Bruce didn’t say anything for a few seconds. He was just staring at the baby’s back, and then back at Steve. He didn’t know what to feel; scared, angry, surprised or aghast. “That’s him?” He managed to ask after a while. His mouth was so dry that uttering those words felt very uncomfortable.
“No way!” Tony panted. His face was red from all the coughing. “We’re going with that Ass Kick movie they picked!” Steve snorted at that.
They had already cleared the customs. It was a bit of a challenge when they were picking up their luggage. Clint spotted his on the conveyor belt. He tried to pull it but because he was so tired, it didn’t budge. Thor ran around the conveyor belt, and managed to pull the luggage down. Tony and Natasha were laughing at the scene of a big blonde running around the belt. The other passengers were chuckling. But Thor didn’t seem to notice that. He was glad he managed to get the luggage, meaning, he emerged victorious in the battle of the luggage and himself.
“Yeah Sam. I haven’t told you. But one of them came looking for the stone. All of them were hostages. Doctor Strange came and locked him in another dimension and took the stone with him. And then thank God, you came. He also said Thor was coming in 2 days, which is tomorrow. I just feel, odd.” Steve confessed. He was giving his forehead a massage.
“Eye contact is a must,” Professor Williams smiled as he surveyed around the classroom at the students discussing in pairs. “You need to be relaxed, pause at appropriate times and don’t let your arms flail. Instead, make sure they move with purpose.”
“It is in here,” Doctor Strange said. He moved his hand in a circular motion. There were sparks and then a portal opened.
“Now where is he…” Tony muttered. “I can’t see you. You gotta show yourself up!” Tony spoke in the phone.
“Fuck me,” Tony growled while Jarvis slowly led him to the kitchen. The others didn’t know what to do. They didn’t know if they should enter the kitchen and check on Tony or go to level two to back Steve.
Thor then decided to break the awkward silence by climbing out of the pool and jumping back in. He stretched himself, muscles revealing, and took in a breath. “Watch me friends!” he shouted before jumping back into the water.
The lot of them then ate lunch. They ordered a Chinese takeout, and enjoyed the meal. Tony really loved the food. He wished his time had this kind of variety; there was but it’s not like Howard allowed it.
“Look,” Tony said. “I’m really sorry for the damage. I’ll pay for the costs, which is gonna be so much. I feel it. And then, we need to renovate the communal level and-”
Tony immediately grabbed Peter and rolled out of the Giant’s way. The punch was missed. Tony took a basket full of keychains and hurled it at the Giant, to distract him. One of them sliced right through the Frost Giant’s neck.
He got out of his armor. “Pleased to meet you.” Tony stretched out his hand and smiled. Peter reluctantly shook it. “My name is Tony.”
Hi guys! Here's the next chapter in this story. It's all gonna get real exciting in the next few chapters coming, with the dance competition and Tony and Whitney Frost arc!
“I heard you phoned Obi the other day and asked him some questions,” Howard walked towards him. “You shouted and created a scene over the phone.”
“That was his stupid plan?!” Clint asked, staring at the explosion from the bank, looking horrified.
“I always thought it was hanging over!” Thor looked surprised. “Back at home, I have been telling my brother Loki just that… No wonder he laughs…”
“Sir, excuse me,” one of the female flight attendants said to Thor. She nodded at his stretched out leg.
Except there was. He could use his jet boots to stall his fall. When he realized that, he attempted to do it.
Kayla didn’t have the heart to wake Steve up. So she just stood in front of him for a while, and snapped some photos using her phone. Sam and Thor quietly joined her as she was taking too long to get Steve. They too couldn’t help but admire the babies sleeping around Steve. From this, it was evident on how much he loved his teammates. Sam took some pictures too while Thor sat down. He smiled a sad smile. He was very glad when Heimdall told him the team had united. They were all able to put aside their differences, apologize and come together. Thor always had faith in his fellow comrades.
Thor placed his hammer on the floor. He was fully focused on talking to Wanda and listeing to her reply, that he did not notice baby Bruce standing next to his hammer. He touched the handle. The little sparkly feeling which he felt while touching the handle, made him giggle. Sam sat down on the other couch and was watching Bruce intently.
“Tony,” Thor called him, using a gentle voice. He lifted his head up, and was surprised to see his irises completely turned to blue. The color however, dissolved, and Thor found himself staring into Tony’s chocolate brown eyes once again. “I… I uh… I don’t know your father. But I do know you. And your father was absolutely wrong about you. Don’t worry, Tony. Your future is really bright, and you will make a fine friend and brother.”
He leaned back against the door and started to gasp for air. He grimaced at the pain emerging on his face. His left hand covering his nose was covered in blood. He could hear someone calling his name. It was Steve. Oh no, his friends were just below. He didn’t want them to know about this.
