When they broke apart, Sherlock murmured, "I was trying to impress you. The day we met."
have those flaws, I'm only using those as examples. You are free to give him whatever flaws you want as long as you make them believable."
"Irene has friends in high places. Very high places, and I wouldn't put it past her to try this again," Sherlock explained.
Greg was starting to panic now. He needed to find Mycroft and get him out of here before trouble
It was decision time.
"It was fun. My sister-in-law is American and her father firmly believed in honoring different cultures. Mexican food on Cinco de Mayo, a full-on Jewish seder, and Chinese-American food on the Chinese New Year. And this is what he would make. Though sometimes the main dish would vary depending if it was the year of the chicken, or the boar, or the cow."
"If you only said had something before," Mike said, swinging his shovel around. "I have a satellite phone back at the lodge that you could have used. In fact, once we get you unburied, I'll let you use it before you go, so you can let her know you're on your way."
John put the book down and threw his arms around Sherlock's neck. "Of course I do. How could I not?"
John knew then, that Mike had been right, Sherlock Holmes required grand gestures. He really needed to thank his friend.
John smiled up at Sherlock. "That sounds like a good idea. I'll be back soon."
Bertie unlocked his car and she slid in, without so much as a backward glance at Sherlock. As they drove, Sally asked, "How did you get the car fixed so fast?"
"Oh god," John huffed, his breath coming in short pants. He lifted his arms and allowed Sherlock to remove his jumper. His hands dropped to Sherlock's shoulders, and he pushed the robe off those slender shoulders to puddle at his waist. Sherlock slipped his arms out of the robe and then began to attack the buttons on John's shirt.
He stuck out his hand, "I'm Gwyn by the way, pleasure to meet you."
Greg nodded. "Yeah, you see I had all this extra money from being paid to take out this gorgeous bloke. But I made a mistake."
John looked at the postcards with a sense of amusement. He had been wandering the town trying to find the last gifts he needed to get. Out of sheer desperation he had wandered into one of those tourist trap shops with tacky souvenirs, when he noticed the rack of postcards and saw the idyllic scenes the postcards represented.
"That's a bit far back, isn't it?" John asked.
A man who was currently chasing him. As much as Sherlock wanted to break into a run, he knew that it would only prolong the fight. He slowed to a stop and turned to glare at the cameraman.
"I don't know how else to explain it," John admitted wearily.
Also I couldn't resist name dropping a couple more Sherlock-ites. Stella, the drunk girl, is DI Stella Hopkins from this most recent season of Sherlock, Miss Wenceslas, she is the museum lady that hired Moriarty for the fake Master way back in season one, and Culverton Smith, also from season four as one of the villians. At this point it will be more of a case of who isn't in this story rather than who is.
he told the host it was because he thought the furor around the book was because it was from–and I quote "a nobody". And that having the Holmes name behind it would cause people to swing back around to make it a hit.
"Why don't you ask Greg?" she asked.
This was a problem, Cathy fumed. How the hell was she supposed to seduce John with Mr Posh and his simpering mother there? At first it wasn't a big deal; Cathy thought she could get rid of them by being overly sexual to John. But no...instead, John would smile at her and then look back over to this posh arsehole. Cathy was going to start screaming.
He looked around, happy that Sherlock had found a place so close to the Royal Opera House. During the two weeks Sherlock had been looking, John was on edge. Worried that Sherlock wouldn't be able to find something he liked that John could be close by for. But at this new place, the stadium was nearby and John could crash here after long practices.
"Printing Club?" John asked. "That doesn't sound very professional."
"Of course there will be a next time, there will be dozens, hundreds, thousands of next times, I promise," he muttered into Sherlock's skin.
John had reached the end of his tether and snapped, "You're a real dick, you know that?"
Molly looked up into his face and knew it was time to come clean."There weren't any ghosts for me to speak to, were there?"
John laughed. "I feel good," he agreed.
"Yeah, I see your problem," John agreed. "With authors that write for several genres and age groups, it's hard to determine where a new book falls." He looked around, "Come on, I'll show you how to look up books in the system. Oftentimes publishers will put the genre of book in the listing."
"You got other friends, right? Like the boys at the Met and your fellow doctors and nurses, you see them outside work, yeah?"
On the way back to the school to pick up Greg's motorcycle, Mycroft said, "Tell me something true."
"They'll probably give you Sally's old job, by the way," Mike said with a wink.
"It certainly sounds tempting..." he agreed and she smiled triumphantly. "If I were a simpleton. Which I'm not."
"Listen up, Sherlock Holmes," John said taking Sherlock's chin in hand, "I think you are by far the most brilliant, clever, gorgeous creature I have ever laid eyes on and I want to treat you the way you deserve."
She was introduced to the owner, Mike, and a feeling of unease settled over her like an ill-fitting garment.
Sherlock and Sally froze as they watched in horror Mummy standing up and walking toward them.
"He mostly kept himself so when he died, most people weren't aware he had done so. Then when I started saying that Mike was my assistant, they assumed that's where he'd gone. Those that did know he'd passed, thought it was another Mike Stamford."
John pressed in and bit off a curse. Sherlock was so tight he nearly came, and even then all it took was a few well timed thrusts and John was coming inside of his lover. They collapsed on the sofa, twisting to twine around each other on the narrow surface.
John reached out his hand and Sherlock shook it, sealing their agreement.
Sherlock's eyes snapped from the scene in front of him to Victor's face.
John breathed out a sigh of distress. It had been a long day at the surgery and all he wanted to do was put up his feet with a nice cup of tea. But alas, it was not meant to be. For that idiot of a flatmate of his had decided to up and faint at a crime scene.
John enjoyed the trip, making sure to eat more than he drank. The last thing he needed was to show up drunk and completely blow this chance at becoming a published author.
"Tomorrow," he admitted. "But I wanted..." Sherlock didn't know how to finish that sentence, to convey his desire to spend time with John. "I was wondering if you, perhaps..." again he trailed off, unsure.
The PA sighed. "Oh, I'm going to hell anyway." He handed over the file. "This one is a little unusual for us. He's a former captain of Her Majesty's army, surgeon, and combat medic."
"So...that cliffhanger was a doozie all right. When can I get the next one? -JHW"
Sherlock dug out his wallet and removed a business card. He handed it to her. "Give him a call if you don't already have his number. He'll help you with anything you might need."
"Is it him?" John asked after several tense moments.
"You're the first," Sherlock glowered.
"What is with this bloke? Does he have a beer-flavored cock or something?" Greg asked.
A man in a dark overcoat stepped out of the shadows, "I did try to warn you, Vicky love. But you wouldn't listen."
John blinked. Okay, that actually made more sense than it should have.
"By kidnapping John, dragging him to an abandoned building, offering him money to never see me again, and then leaving me to wonder where it all went wrong?"
"You'll find someone, and if you don't, maybe learn to be a little happier in your own skin, eh?"
"Nah, I'll give him a thrill," John said, waving away his concern. "What did he used to say before they made him use that stupid catch phrase, 'Suspect everything'?"
Mycroft's smirk could be felt over the line. "No, thank you."
Jim and Bertie shared an amused glance. Bertie tilted his head up, "What kind of information would you have that I would be remotely interested in?"
"That's the spirit!" Greg teased.
We are just chugging along. And it's nice not to stress about leaving you guys hanging for months on end because my depression won't let me function for such long stretches. That's not to say that I'm not or haven't been depressed, I just have a better way to manage my time writing that has really helped me keep going. I have even beat my previous streak of 74 days straight. So yeah. This feels good.
Greg looked down at Sherlock’s phone and then back up to Sherlock’s face. “John Watson? John Watson is your beau?”
"Yes, but did you
Sherlock twisted his fingers together to prevent himself from biting them. "Things are going great!" he replied around gnawing his lip.
Just then the polo ball came whizzing past Greg's head. Greg looked up and Mycroft sneered, saluted with his mallet, and rode off.
"And the second one is 'no dating until you graduate'! This is not up for negotiation. When you graduate, you may date, but not before." Mummy draped her hand over her eyes dramatically. "I spend all my days dealing with troubled teens, and I won't have my boys become one of them."
"Did they know the truth?" he asked with a frown.
"I'm sorry, John. At least he'll be able to make to the wedding," Sherlock said, trying to console him.
Hey oh! Another chapter for lovely people! John's back and we've got a little bit of surprise for him.
John sighed.
Mummy sighed. "I know what goes on at these parties, dears. Drugs and alcohol. Unprotected sex. Orgies are next, I have no doubt."
"No dating until we graduate?" Sherlock questioned.
"She's a fan, honestly. She seems to think I was stagnating in London," John said and kissed the top of Sherlock's head.
"John, it's not that and you know it. It's more that they are brilliant. Think about it, Mycroft must have invested the money for Sherlock and got it to that level. And if that's what happened, I bet it was a shock to Sherlock, too."
"We need to find Bertie," Mike explained.
"She said that we could do it for a lot of our clients because print houses were going away and we could rake it in."
"Wow," John said. "I guess writers come in all sorts, don't they?"
Sherlock followed him out to the pavement. "How much longer are you going languish over Mary?" he snarled.
Greg smiled in satisfaction watching Sarah run around trying to prevent damage to the house. She grabbed a crystal vase that someone had been using as a spittoon and tried to break up a fight.
"You seeing anyone?" she asked. David kicked her ankle. She turned to him, incredulous. "What? I'm just asking."
"You make me sound like I'm in some Jane Austen novel," John groused.
"It's wonderful."
Greg hit his head on the steering wheel. He got out of the car, making sure it was locked up tight, and got on his bike. He pulled on his helmet, still cussing himself out. He should have at least explained that he didn't want to take advantage of Mycroft in his precarious state with the alcohol and the concussion.
"Ooh! Ooh! Me!" Victor said, hopping up and down, his hand raised high in the air. Everyone turned to Victor, looking at him as if he was this strange creature.
"Yeah."
John lifted his head and their noses brushed. Their breath mingled together and all it would take was to move just a hair's breadth and they would be kissing.
John turned and walked away, feeling like a weight had been lifted from his shoulders.
The ring was currently in Mike's possession. He didn't want Mary to accidentally stumble on it. And since the cabin belonged to Mike's parents, it was perfect. Mike would bring the ring with him and then slip it to John when the time was right. Of course, having the ring out of sight did nothing for his nerves. The last few hours before they had to leave for the cabin, John texted Mike incessantly.
Sherlock nodded, leaping up to pour himself another drink. "He originally wanted Mylock Publishing but it was pointed out that it sounded too much like the ape-like creatures from 'The Time Machine'."
"What the hell?" John exclaimed.
"Can we hurry this along?" Sally snapped from behind Greg. "Some of us actually have plans for tonight and would like to still make them."
"Stop twitching, Sherlock," she admonished.
"Of course not," Sherlock agreed. "And let me guess, you've already found a way to subvert these little surprises?"
"May I sit?" Sherlock asked, indicating the other half of the bench.
She really wished she had thought to bring a handkerchief or some– she stopped her train of thought. She was about to say something again. She was nervous. She was going to meet the one and only Sherlock Holmes. She had seen pictures of him and watched him on the telly all the time, but she was actually going to meet him. She had been offered the chance to drive up with Sherlock, but Molly couldn't do that. She probably would have thrown up on his shoes.
John heaved a sigh. "Sherlock had a fan break into his home and shoot the place up."
"You do realize it's going to be Scotland, Wales, Ireland, and if things go well, Europe, too?"
"Excuse me?" Irene asked, scandalized. "What on earth do you mean?"
"You know, parents don't like it when they have to admit that they need to let their children make their own decisions. Sherlock at least lets me play a couple of rounds, but you've had me on the bench for years."
Bertie's disdain wasn't completely masked at the statement, he turned to Sally, "How about you?"
"Bollocks," Sherlock deadpanned, drawing his knees up to his chest.
"Brilliant!"
John frowned. "But why would he kill himself?"
"I'm sorry," John commiserated. And he was, if only for the fact that the experiment was supposed to last Sherlock a week. He began to put the food away.
John laughed again. "Fair enough. And for the record, I'd cut rugby if I had to. I need to pass this class."
He had used up nearly the whole roll when he heard a light laugh behind him. Sarah, his boss was nearly doubled over with mirth.
He turned to the door that would lead them into the inn and walked to open it. "The owner is a friend of mine," Sherlock said over his shoulder. "Well, when I say friend..."
"Well, I was never going to hide that from you, so I didn't try." He handed the beautifully wrapped present to Sherlock. Sherlock opened it to find an anatomically-correct heart paperweight.
John was running late to his first chemistry tutoring. He was covered in sweat and grass, still in his rugby uniform because those two arseholes Moran and Small had pissed off their coach so badly that he made the whole team stay late. All John had time for afterwards was to grab his bag and dash all the way from the rugby pitch to the chemistry lab.
There's a thumping ache beginning behind his right eye.
“I see. Well. Are we impressing you yet?”
John presses his hips against Sherlock's thigh. "I think we gave - " John licks Sherlock's Adam's apple, stubble rough against his tongue, soft wool scarf against his lip. "The cashier at Boots - " He unbuttons the top button of the Belstaff, nuzzles against Sherlock's collarbone inside his shirt. "Quite the afternoon. Two middle aged men pawing at each other while buying a huge box of condoms and a bottle of lube."
Sherlock doesn’t believe in god. He’s a scientist. Even now, still the scientist. He’s never prayed, he doesn’t see magic when he looks up at the sky, just burning gases and infinite emptiness. But as John Watson falls asleep on his shoulder, humming little noises that have no right to be as welcome familiar comforting beautiful as they are, he looks up at the stark white ceiling and whispers
One sore eyelid at a time, John pries his eyes open, and immediately squints against the glare. It’s much brighter than it should be. Their bedroom is always a lovely cosy yellow, the curtains drawn, Sherlock’s bedside lamp tumbling warm homey light through the small space.
Sherlock moaned quietly, curled his shoulders up into the rough sweep of John's beard against his skin. It was both arousing and soothing, his body divided on how to react. Something so deeply comforting and steadying about that beard, about the man sporting it, something that said
“Yeah, we were.”
Sherlock swallowed the hundred vitriolic comments that were rising in his throat. “It’s John, Mycroft. Please. I wouldn’t ask for anyone else.”
“But John, I’m right there. I know it. It’s just --”  Sherlock tugs at his hair. He knows he’s feeling frantic, but it’s right. there. If only he could see it.
“Oh, right. Yeah, so, anyway, I dunno. I sort of miss rugby, and a few of the lads at the surgery are really after me about it. Practice starts next weekend.”
Mycroft looks pained. "I
Sherlock lifted his head, his own eyes red rimmed and achingly sad. John choked out another sob, his mouth trembling so hard he didn’t think he could even speak. He was looking at Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes, his ridiculous cheekbones, his caterpillarish eyebrows. He was thinner, his skin was rougher; he looked like he’d been outside a lot, and his laugh lines were deepened, the furrow in his brow more pronounced.
“Hello, lovely. How do you feel?” John smiles, his heart filled to bursting with affection.
He lights another and another, smoking and staring blankly into Baker Street until the sky is turning purple with the first hints of sunrise and he can smell the day's first pots of coffee brewing at Speedy's. He washes the reek of tobacco smoke off his hands and face, and stares at his own grey reflection in the mirror before he slips back into bed with John. It’s nearly five, Sherlock registers foggily as John rolls over with a throaty hum and instinctively opens his arms, pulling Sherlock snug against his chest.
Somehow they stumble to the bedroom, kicking off their trousers in the doorway and collapsing on the bed with shirts half unbuttoned and their hands already in each other’s hair, kissing before they remember that they weren’t for a moment. John already can’t remember what came before this. Was there life before Sherlock was in his arms, breathless and half hard, thrashing and sighing and wrapping his bare legs around John’s back?
John grins, hoping it’s an approximation of a real smile instead of the grimace it feels like. “We’ll have to show this DI Montague how it’s done. Think you can actually remember her first name?”
"It's - fine." John pants, heaving a trunk packed with books into the van and flopping down next to it. "Movers are expensive. We don't have Mycroft to foot the bills anymore."
, for hours. He loved hearing those pet names falling from John's lips so easily, tangible evidence of his love. He never had a use for them with John, though. John's name was enough. It said everything he needed to say.
“Yes, alright. Just let me get dressed.” Sherlock throws the curtains back, squinting at the sudden influx of sunlight, and grabs his jeans and jumper from the day before, which he’d hastily flung over his trunk. He dresses quickly, tossing his cloak around his shoulders as they set off, and tucks the parchment in his pocket. Won’t do to leave it lying around for someone to find.
, but that his favourite author was actually Tolkien. He knew the exact shade of blue John's eyes turned when he was about to cry, and that it was four shades darker than when he was laughing. He knew that John had a journal pressed between the mattress and the box spring that Sherlock wasn't supposed to know was there. He knew the taste of John's mouth after his first cup of coffee, and of the back of his neck after a shower. He knew that John loved him in measures and depths that neither of them could begin to understand, and Sherlock saw it every time their eyes met.
, please.”
“Yes, thank you. Mind if I sit in the back?”
“Yes, pick up the package. That will be your...assignment once my…this issue in Bemidji is resolved.” John could almost hear the guy wringing his hands.
Mycroft still says nothing.
Sherlock wakes while John's toweling his hair dry, and lays on his belly across the bed, eyes following John as he gets dressed, as if it is the most entrancing thing he's ever seen.
,” he’s totally unprepared for the thick bitterness spreading fast across his palate. He chokes a little and pulls off as the second pulse sprays over his lips, and he remembers immediately the wicked satisfaction of having someone’s come smeared across his mouth. That it’s Sherlock,
The first brush is soft, lips tentative, shy. John curls his knuckles along Sherlock's jaw, his head already light. He's kissing Sherlock.
Nothing is as darkly, dangerously beautiful as Hogwarts and the grounds at night, thinks Sherlock as he heaves his bag over his shoulder and begins trudging up the steep slope to the entrance hall. Rose comes up beside him and threads her arm through his.
Everything’s so slow, Sherlock’s brain is slow. Can’t think. Doesn’t want to
They kiss languidly for a few minutes, and then Sherlock rolls to his side and collapses with a grunt. They don’t bother to clean up. Don’t bother to take off their ruined shirts. John feels like he could pass out - not fall asleep, but actually just lose consciousness. He seems to be dissolving, melting into the mattress, seeping into the cracks in the floorboards. His bones have turned into jelly.
He picks up a pen from the side table, and begins to write.
amazing.” His face breaks into a wide grin as the spotlights above the dance floor start flashing white and purple, falling across his glimmering body in ribbons of colour and reflecting brightly in his luminous eyes. He shakes his head and trills a laugh, catching his bottom lip in his teeth again.
John’s shoulders shook with laughter, “I am not taking this to a dry cleaner. Jesus fucking Christ. I would be mortified. It’s absolutely covered in come and lube.”
John gropes for the lube, buried in tangled sheets, fills his palm with it and first slicks himself,  then closes his hand around Sherlock's terribly neglected cock. Sherlock arcs shakily up off the bed, thighs rigid, shouting hoarsely and clutching at John's hips. John pumps him firmly, pulling his foreskin over the head and back, thumbing through the copious precome slick at the head. Sherlock fucks up hard into John's fist, writhing and groaning as he gets close to orgasm after just a few strokes.
"Good boy." John shifts in his chair, takes a casual sip of his coffee as Sherlock drifts across the room and stands in front of him. Sherlock looks at him, and waits for John's next direction, eagerly pliant. "On your knees."
When Sherlock was alive, it was most often with lust, his hot breath coming in short gasps over his own chest as he ground his hips into the bed and tried not to call out Sherlock’s name. The shame would creep over him as he tiptoed down the steps to clean up, far too aware of Sherlock’s presence in the sitting room. He would see Sherlock’s silhouette against the dim lamplight as he left the loo, all pouted lips and aquiline nose, and fall asleep thinking of that beautiful face nuzzling between his shoulder blades.
"Yeah, really. Anyone else there?"
John furrowed his brow, looking flummoxed. "What?"
"Yes." Sherlock looks apprehensive.
He swiped the phone open, touched the speaker button. “Yeah?”
He nods.
“Morning,” he mutters thickly, ducking back into his bed with the parchment clutched in his hand, and pulling the curtains shut tight with a snap. He grabs his wand from under his pillow and murmurs
“I - I - “ Sherlock bites into his lip and shifts his gaze away.
“Alright.”
“I’ve never seen you do this before.” John’s always pulling out something new, showing Sherlock a new side of him, something Sherlock never expects. Last week, during a particularly frustrating chase, it was karate. Suddenly John was posing and kicking in a way that was nearly comical if it hadn’t been so puzzling, and then so effective, as John cut down the person they’d been chasing with one swift kick, whipped his arms behind his back, and pinned him to the pavement until Greg arrived with handcuffs.
“I’m going to have to go in. I can’t withdraw all this from the machine.” John looks Sherlock up and down. “Maybe you should…”
"Nope. Not without you."
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but John didn’t miss the smile that lit up his face as he walked into the loo and shut the door.
“Save it altogether, love, if you’d be so kind.” John stands up from where he’s been sitting on the closed toilet lid and lets his towel drop to the floor. “Alright then, into the bath with you.”
“Ah. I knew we were close.” John stopped so abruptly that Sherlock walked right into him.
“Ah, I’m shit, but thanks. The Keeper before me was bloody brilliant. She was Oliver Wood’s daughter, and she was probably better than her dad ever was, which is saying a lot.”
She winked. “Be right back with that, sugar.”
“I trust you.”
"Spine straight. Put your knees together. Good boy." John sits back and crosses his legs, left ankle over right knee. "Safeword?"
Sherlock nods at the table and John understands, sets the paper cup down and settles in his own chair. "So, tell me about the case."
“I’m not leaving. I can barely
“I should hope not.” There’s a finality in Sherlock’s tone that says this conversation is over.
“Ah, no, we’re way past that part.” John’s stance relaxed, his shoulders loosening, the tension in his neck easing. “We’re already to the ignore-each-other-and-watch-telly-all-night part.”
The door to the flat is already open. Mrs Hudson leads them into a cosy sitting room with a fireplace and the two enormous windows he saw from the street, through which grey autumn light is falling over the worn carpet. None of the wall colours match, every floorboard groans as they walk, and the curtains at the windows are stained with soot. It's sparse, not much furniture aside from a sofa and a desk, two worn armchairs facing each other by the fireplace. Everything is shabby. Sherlock is completely in love with it.
John slaps a smile on his face, lips tight, and lifts his eyebrows. "Hey. Here's your coffee."
He wants to, god how he
Sherlock tilts his head in acknowledgment, and smirks, reminding John of a nobleman who just took advantage of the milkmaid in the barn. Proud and lascivious. “I’m fantastic.”
"Um. Alright. My cigarettes are in my coat, I'll just..." Sherlock shrinks around the kitchen doorway and returns with his coat on and his cigarettes in his hand.
"Oh, shut up." He murmured fondly, rubbing his palms over the armrests.
Sherlock looks at him with wide eyes, purplish bags underneath, blinks and wordlessly downs the entire glass of water in one go. God, he’s a mess. John should never have allowed him to be pushed this hard, to push himself this hard, to get so frustrated and stuck. He should have put his foot down two days before.
John helps him roll it and put it into a pan to rise, and they sit in the kitchen over cups of tea while the first loaf bakes and fills the flat with mouth watering aromas. John picks up Sherlock’s hand in both of his, and studies it, running his fingertips over the knuckles and kissing the calloused pads with a soft mouth. Finally, he threads his own fingers through Sherlock’s and rests their entwined hands on the table.
John laughs, still looking absurdly happy, happier than Sherlock’s ever seen him. It’s a good look on him. Sherlock wants to see him this way much more often.
“Yes,
“I wanted you yesterday, the minute I saw you, I wanted...oh god, Sherlock...Sherlock…” He’s gasping, pulling at Sherlock’s hair so hard it hurts, his voice gone rough.
John strokes up and down his sides, lost in this new dimension of
John sits up and tilts his head back obediently, his eyes watching the lazy movement of a single cobweb in the corner of the shower stall. Sherlock begins pouring water over his hair.
“Well. Fancy a smoke and a cup of coffee while we wait?”
John laughs loud and long, and Sherlock joins in after a moment, and it feels so good to laugh together that soon tears are rolling down John's cheeks and Sherlock can't catch his breath. John wipes his eyes, still sputtering a little bit, and asks, "Did I deduce you correctly?"
not to John. Yet it slipped out easily, to this stranger, this indiscriminate nurse. It felt calming to say, cutting through all of the complications and getting to say the only thing that really mattered. He was overwhelmed with the need to say it again. “I love him very much.”
"I love you so much. I never loved anyone like this."
, John," he gasps, hands already working at the cold zipper of John's jacket.
Sherlock looks up from his phone, squinting in the midday glare. John wants to consume him.
Worshipful fingers danced over every bump of rib, every knot of scar tissue on John’s torso. He brushed his fingertips over John’s nipples, eliciting from John a deep shuddering inhalation. He pinched and rolled the hardening flesh between his fingers, and John shifted his hips in response, covered Sherlock’s hand with his own. They caressed John’s chest together, fingers entwined. Sherlock pressed his lips to the gunshot scar, brushed them across John’s back to the freckle in the center of his spine. John arched and sighed, his back muscles rippling and tensing under Sherlock’s mouth.
"I mean it. We will find her." John presses a hard kiss to Sherlock's mouth and smooths his fringe from his forehead. "You love her, and I love you, and so it's important to me."
, this is so hard. I love you so goddamned much, Sherlock.” He says fiercely, and folds Sherlock in his arms, pressing their bodies flush from shoulders to ankles. The words he’s been wanting to say to Sherlock for five years are an avalanche rumbling through him, deafening and unstoppable. Another hard kiss ends in a mumbled chorus of, “I love you, I love you, I love you.”
There's a number at the bottom, an office line. With no small amount of trepidation, he dials it. His normal bravado is worn thin. He feels like exactly what he is; a skinny kid who has no fucking clue what he's doing. There's no backing out now. Jim will never leave them alone, and he'll go after John before he goes after Sherlock, because that's his way. To hit people in their most vulnerable place, to watch them squirm and cry and beg. Added to his penchant for tormenting anyone, for any reason, is their shared past. Jim would like nothing more than to destroy any chance Sherlock has at happiness with someone else.
Sherlock looks uncomfortable. He pauses, gnawing his lip nearly raw.
"Oh God, John, please," Sherlock breathes humid into John's ear, his lips catching on the lobe.
"Sex later, John. Hives now." Sherlock kisses the end of John's nose and whirls away. "Toolbox."
“Well, give us a kiss, sweetheart.”
"Yet I had you pinned against a wall with my hand over your mouth. Why weren't you afraid?"
, John thinks, his hands wandering down to caress Sherlock's bent knees, which are leaning against John's hips. He licks his dry lips, transfixed by the slide of Sherlock's fingers in and out of his body.
His train of thought is cut short by John’s slicked fingers pressing between his arse cheeks.
Sherlock rounds on John, and the moment their eyes meet, they dissolve into raucous guffaws. John still looks pale and has dark circles around his eyes, but his laugh sets his face alight with that captivating golden glow. Like a sunrise sparkling across the surface of running water. Sherlock has to touch him, has to have their bodies connected at as many points as possible. It's been far too long. He sinks to the floor and folds himself between John's legs, still laughing.
“We worked pretty goddamned hard for this, didn’t we?”
John’s hand pressed against Sherlock’s spine. He could feel each fingertip, the heel of his palm settled in his lumbar curve like it was made to fit there. “I want to believe you.”
John shakes his head briskly, swallows down the lump in his throat. “Yeah, I’m fine,” He sets the spoon down on the counter and his glasses on top of his head, hands Sherlock his cup. “Sorry.”
"I can't say I'm entirely confident in your honesty, given that the first time we met, you lied through your teeth about almost everything. But." Lestrade pauses and chews on the end of his pen. "I've found that 2:30am phone calls tend to be pretty truthful. People are too tired and hopeless to bother lying."
"You have a place to sleep tonight, John?" It’s out of his mouth before he even realises what he’s saying, before he can think himself out of it.
He swallowed. "That was the most...you've been thinking about that
John pauses, shuts his eyes.
John shook his head, and Sherlock could see the ripple of tension travel up the back of his neck. He was always on alert, always ready to be offended on their behalf. He loathed the assumptions people made, and he’d gotten into more than one verbal altercation with complete strangers.
"It's a different colour."
When John returns, his face has been scrubbed clean, no eye make up, no glitter. He’s wearing worn light blue jeans, a striped blue and grey jumper, and chocolate brown oxfords. He’s got an army green backpack slung over his shoulder, and he looks like a fresh faced uni student. His eyelashes are no longer thick and black, but honey coloured and softly swooping up to touch his eyelids. He's still wearing a little bit of lip gloss, which shimmers in the dimly lit club. He gives Sherlock a crooked grin that makes his stomach flip over.
things like that to people.”
Sherlock's smile is wistful, sad even. "I'm always lost without you, John, as you well know. Can't even get into the flat without you, apparently."
John laughed into his neck, his breath catching moist and hot in the collar of Sherlock's shirt, then sat up and ran a hand from Sherlock's shoulder to his arse, and gave him an affectionate swat there. "Cocktease."
Sherlock couldn’t give up the work. It would kill him.
But Sherlock's knees are giving out, and every other muscle is too. Warmth rushes through his body like a tide and he's falling, falling through air through time out of himself and into John.
A hard thrill tiptoes down his spine one vertabrae at a time.
“Mmmmmm.” Sherlock hums, rubbing his face into the sheets and rolling to flop on his stomach.
"Well, how should I know, Sherlock?" Mrs Hudson set it down in John's chair and turned to Sherlock with her arms crossed over her chest. "It's for John. Postmark from Dumbarton. Who does John know in Scotland?"
There was nothing to do but follow.
you whispered, and all I could do in response was breathe in and out. I almost shut my eyes when I felt you leaning in, but I made myself keep them open. Your thumb on my mouth.
, but it doesn’t make me think less of you. We’re going to help each other. It won’t be like this forever. I know it.”
“You don’t remember?” Sherlock’s beautiful face crumples as he sits gingerly on the edge of the bed and takes John’s hand between both of his. His skin is clammy and cold, evidence of little sleep, no shower, bad hospital canteen food.
"You have no problem ordering me about. You have no problem having me do all the chores. You have no hesitation about laying claim to me, possessing me. I wear your dog tags all day, we have scars on our bodies from cutting into each other. You have no reservations about telling me to hurry up and clean the sitting room before you get home or else I'll be in for it. You've spanked me and corrected me dozens of times. Because we both want those things. Because we've talked about it and agreed upon it. How is this any different?"
"I'm fine." He sits back in his chair, away from the intensity of Sherlock's gaze. Sips his coffee to occupy his hands and face. "I thought we had a case to discuss, yeah? I'm fine, Sherlock. Leave it."
Now John is still here, laying heavy across his arm, his perfect pink mouth slightly open and his blonde lashes fluttering as he dreams. Sherlock could watch him for hours. For the first time in years, Sherlock has absolutely no urge to get out of bed. No urge to check his email, or his texts. He should really call Lestrade. He should really go into Scotland Yard. He should. He's hopelessly distracted. He doesn't care. John shifts, yawning, and rolls onto his back. Sherlock eels up against him, twists a leg over John’s thigh, lays his head on his chest, and drifts back to sleep with John’s fingers in his hair.
Sherlock hasn't done this voluntarily in over a year. It's been all blocking it out, trying not to remember, feeling guilty and disgusting if he was turned on by it, as if his body was betraying him. The last time was three nights ago, and now he thinks maybe that really was the very last time. That the only person who'll ever have him this way again is laying underneath him right now. That he'll get clean, go home, have a life. All because of John. John's given him so much, without asking a thing in return.
“I know who you are.” Sherlock’s voice was reverential, hushed. “You’re Captain John Hamish Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. You’re the most talented doctor I’ve ever had the privilege to watch at work. You’re the person who saved me from myself, and other things, so many times, in so many ways. You’re the best and wisest man I’ve ever known. You’re my best friend...and...so much more than that.”
John laughs bitterly. “He’s a bit late for that.”
Sherlock shakes his head, grateful and gobsmacked. She lets go of his hand and the three of them finish eating in companionable silence, broken only by the occasional slurping of broth or clink of a teacup into a saucer. By the time they're done, the sky has broken open and a cold drizzle is pattering against the window panes. Mrs Hudson gets up to gather the dishes, John flicks on a table lamp, casting a warm glow over a third of the sitting room. The whole scene is surreal to Sherlock. It says
"What's the rush?"
John silences him with a kiss, feels the slow smile spread across Sherlock’s mouth. John flicks his tongue along the silky inside of Sherlock’s bottom lip and pulls the sweet plumpness of it between his teeth. He nips it, Sherlock's sighs ghosting humid into his mouth and over his tongue.
case.” Sherlock spits at him, grinding his teeth, as coffee runs in dark rivulets down the wallpaper.
“Yes, safe. You’re strong, and brave, and you take care of me when I need taking care of. I know you’ll never leave. I know the fierceness with which you love me. You protect me, and you never mean to hurt me. Unless I want you to, of course. You - you - you surround me with your presence. Even when you’re not here, you’re here. You love me, and I
John shut his eyes and breathed deep, and Sherlock could feel it. He could feel everything - John's shivering skin, his heart thumping wildly, the low guttural groan that rumbled through him as his pace picked up, thighs sliding damp against the sides of Sherlock's stomach. Sherlock's hand on his prick stuttered and slowed, lost for the moment in the pleasure of John surrounding him, the beautiful friction as the head of his cock rubbed against the  nub of John's prostate.
“Show me.” Sherlock’s never been taken by him before, but it happens. Have to make sure.
. His face when he laughs. It’s a light in dark places inside Sherlock, it’s a warm mug in cold hands on a snowy day, it’s the sunrise over the river when the city is still and silent and perfect; it’s
Sherlock laughs ruefully. “Me too.”
Another life. Another person.
Every time I see a bee I think of you, the stack of beekeeping magazines under our bed, the abandon with which you slather a piece of toast with creamed honey so sweet I can’t even stand a teaspoon of the stuff, but you eat a half a pint and don’t even flinch.
The hot water burns his hand as he steps under, and he flexes his fingers, watching as water cascades over scraped knuckles and torn fingernails. If someone had told him even a month ago that he'd have injuries from Sherlock pushing him against a brick wall and fucking him like an animal in heat, he would have laughed in their face before he punched them in the mouth for talking about his husband that way. It definitely happened, though, and his aching body is evidence. He groans loudly, rolling his shoulders under the hot water and trying to relax. He's going to need ibuprofen. Forty something year old men should not engage in half the things John does on a regular basis, and occasionally his body lodges a stringent objection.
fine."
Sherlock pulls John toward the steps to his room, shaking his head. “God, yes, John, I am so sure. I think about you
"No." Sherlock realises John isn't making fun of him. Sherlock's lack of any working knowledge of popular culture has become a running joke between them, with John on a fairly lighthearted mission to educate him, and Sherlock just as lightheartedly resisting him at every turn.
Sherlock can’t deny that he does. It feels - possessive - and more than that, it feels familiar. John always teases him, has the ability to make him blush and stutter, in a way no one else has in his entire life. It’s just their way, and here, now, even though Sherlock’s half sure he’s gone completely mad, John’s just the same as always. Except, of course...
“About seven hours, I think.” Sherlock trails one fingertip over the muscular thigh pressed against him, and nuzzles against John’s sleep-sweaty temple.
"Let's go to bed." John says, low and dark, mouthing wet kisses over Sherlock's jaw. "I want you right now."
John holds the oil lamp up to his face. Sherlock can see now that it has a curved mirror at the back, presumably to enhance the weak light of the wick. He also sees his own wavering reflection in the spotted glass. His hair is slicked back from his face and straightened, not in his usual loose curls, and he is wearing a high white collar buttoned tightly at his throat. He runs his hands over his own chest, thick tweed and braided leather buttons under his palms. He doesn’t even
Shit. Think, Sherlock. "I'm re reading it."
“I am. Amenable.” Sherlock pulls a little on John’s hair.
“Right...
“Yes, goddammit, it’s okay, it’s more than okay. I just
“I do come up with a good one now and then.” John’s spread eagle on the top bunk. “I just knew a hostel would have showers and beds and free food in the morning. We can eat as much as we want. We can sit there until 10:30 and drink coffee and stuff ourselves full of rashers and tomatoes and beans on toast...god I’m fucking drooling just thinking about it.”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
to do, I haven't." He looks bashful, those thick blonde lashes half covering his irises, colour on his cheeks, holding his lip in his teeth. "Is that okay?"
Sherlock thrusts his pelvis up, fingers clawing at John's shoulders and waist, and John grinds down to meet him, sucks at his throat and his collarbone, licks over his Adam's apple. Sherlock is half hard against John's stomach, biting at his lip and sighing, writhing and wriggling, a deep red blush from his neck down. "You're beautiful, you're beautiful," John tips his face against Sherlock's chest and looks down their bodies, at Sherlock's twitching cock, the sticky wetness on their bellies, John's own driving hips and tremulous thighs.
They tramp up the creaking steps to the second flat, Mrs Hudson in the lead and Sherlock behind John in case he stumbles. He resists the instinct to actually put his hands on John's back and support him up the steps, but only because he knows John would hate it.
"All mine." Sherlock breathed, closing his eyes against John's bare shoulder.
“Is this something that’s in doubt? That I love you?” Sherlock sounds beyond aggrieved. He sounds on the verge of tears.
John pulls a pliant Sherlock up the steps to 221B, and they fall against each other in the hallway, hands tugging at shirt hems, fumbling at reluctant shirt buttons, the desperation between them sublimely beautiful. John’s body is amorphous, melding into Sherlock’s, sinking into his skin, filling the spaces between his bones. He can’t tell whose fingers are undoing his belt, shimmying his jeans over his hips. He can feel Sherlock’s heart beating in his own chest.
He can't formulate a response.
.” Sherlock sounds thoroughly put out. “I
“God, I did, baby, I
trying to get Sherlock to understand. It’s his turn to do a bit of the heavy lifting in this relationship. He runs his thumb along the edge of John’s bottom lip.
“You don’t have to eat politely just for me. I don’t give a shit.”
“Honestly. It’s my treat.”
ness. It’s visceral, in their blood their neurons their epidermis. Their souls, if Sherlock believed in that sort of thing. Joined. Sherlock knew it the moment he looked up at the back of that sweaty red tee shirt, and he realises John has probably knew in the alley. When their fingertips touched over that limp dick pickle. That quickly, they both felt it. John's fighting with himself now, arms crossed over his chest, fingers digging into his elbows. He looks across the river, that square jawline working, chewing at the inside of his cheeks.
"How?" Lestrade looks at him disbelievingly, but leans forward, interested.
John sucks in a breath and exhales through his nostrils, eyes squeezed tightly shut, his fists clenching and unclenching at his sides. He’s so possessive, so protective, it makes Sherlock ache inside. He doesn’t
Then John’s slicked fingers were sliding up the insides of my thighs, and I gasped, trying desperately not to take hold of myself to ease the steadily building pressure. We had time, we had privacy, and we rarely had either. I wanted to draw this out, worship each other. I dug my nails into the buttery soft leather and forced myself not to rut against the chair.
please,” Sherlock begs, mouthing blindly at John’s forearm, resting on the rumpled sheets alongside Sherlock’s head. He succeeds only in licking the crease of John’s elbow, which is strangely erotic.
I thought you - you did - you shaved that ages ago.”
incredible."
“Wherever we believed they were necessary.”
He was caressing him at this point. Wonder at his mere presence was giving way to a bone deep ache to touch him, an ache that had been building since the moment their eyes met in that lab so many years ago, and repressed for so long. This Sherlock, though, he was different. This wasn't the same man who stood on that roof, or the same man who told John he was married to his work. This Sherlock had softer edges, gentler eyes, he'd been worn and changed by whatever had happened to him in the time they were apart. This Sherlock was nudging his cheek into John’s hand and sighing.
“What is this?” John squints and sniffs the cup.
John drags him down another corridor, this one stacked with boxes of liquor and crisps, piles of burnt out spotlights and several rolling wardrobes hung with drooping feather boas and spangly dresses. There’s a tiny loo at the end, a hideous shade of green, the paint chipping,  and barely big enough for both of them to fit at the same time. They squeeze inside and John locks the door with a rusty slide bolt, turns to Sherlock and kisses him, pushing his sweat and come stiffened hair back from his forehead.
"Yes, alright, I get it. I'm sorry. I'll wake you next time."
That wink. That wicked little grin. Who wouldn't have been absolutely besotted, honestly?
So that’s what I think about in the middle of the night. You. Us. Making sure we’re okay.
John with the beard became almost a different person in Sherlock's mind than John without the beard. It seemed to Sherlock that he was more clever, funnier,
“I missed yours.” John drops relieved kisses into Sherlock’s hair, over and over, his arms reflexively tightening around Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlock’s fingers dance over the hem of John’s shirt, slipping dextrously under the worn cotton and brushing rhythmically against John’s belly. “Mmm. That feels good.”
Unable to process these hopelessly sentimental thoughts, he closes his eyes against the curve of John’s neck and twists his fingers inside him. John moans wantonly, every muscle of his back flexing against Sherlock’s stomach. Sherlock brushes his fingers against John’s prostate, and John bucks up, slamming his palms flat against the counter. Sherlock stays with him, stroking him slow and deliberate, sucking lightly at the tendons in his neck as he writhes and whimpers.
Lestrade’s eyes flick up from his phone, wide and thoughtful. Worried. He squints at John and then focuses on Sherlock. “It’s risky. If he’s as unpredictable as you say he is, Sherlock...we could be putting you in an incredible amount of danger very quickly. And you won’t have much backup. I need to think about this.”
"There's come all over the sofa." John giggles. Sherlock has never in his life heard any sound as maddeningly intoxicating as John giggling.
“John.”
Sherlock’s face floods hot. So they do - in whatever place and time this is - they do most
"Well, I'm going to leave you boys to it. I'll be downstairs if you need anything. There's a bit of food in the kitchen, I popped down to the shop when I knew you'd be coming. Nothing fancy, but enough for breakfast tomorrow. There's a telly in the bedroom closet, but I'm afraid I don't know if it works anymore. Sheets and towels in the loo." She picks up the tray and Sherlock holds the door open for her. Just as he begins to close the door, she turns with a barely concealed smile and a twinkle in her eye, "My sitting room is right under your bedroom. Just so you know."
“You’re wearing my dressing gown.” Sherlock smiles, beaming affection and warmth, and draws his thumb over John’s bottom lip. “You
“So, my place or yours?” Sherlock nuzzles his nose against John’s temple, feeling uncharacteristically affectionate. He’s never been like this with anyone.
a dream.”
The rose bushes gave way to snow white rhododendrons as they closed in on the house itself, not nearly as imposing up close as it had seemed at a distance. Quite the opposite, actually. It seemed on a smaller scale, weathered stones and worn paint, red velvet curtains at the windows - it felt like a home.
John bit his lower lip and shook his head. “Flirt.”
“You didn’t sleep at all last night, did you?”
“And what can I get you both?” He turned a curious smile on John. A smile he recognised. It was Greg’s when he was interrogating someone. This guy was a cop, or had been. Tread carefully, John.
I shook off these recollections of times past and grabbed the petroleum. John was waiting. When I returned to the sitting room, John had stoked the fire up so it was blazing, the space in front of the hearth now at least ten degrees hotter than the rest of the chilled room. He had also liberated himself of his nightshirt and gown, which were now thrown carelessly over the end of the settee, and was sitting completely nude in the green chair, his cock stiff and proud against his belly.
“Safe travels, little brother.”
.” He mutters, sullenly picking at his fingernails and uncharacteristically sounding very much like the eighteen year old he is.
have been so stupid.
home together, not my home in which he resided. I could not then, nor can I now, adequately describe the deep emotions that stirred within me; the knowledge that Watson had chosen to make manifest our oneness. We were no longer even two separate people, but existed as one.
The sight of that beautiful face lost in pleasure pushes John past his breaking point, and his orgasm spirals suddenly down his spine, bright and intense. He shakes silently as he spills hot all over their hastily pulled down trousers, their mingled semen sliding in viscous rivulets down their pressed together thighs. Sherlock slows his hand, uncoils his fingers and grips John’s hipbone instead. Coming doesn't abate any of their frantic need. Barely a second passes before John's biting anew at Sherlock's neck, and Sherlock's gasping, pawing at John's back and writhing, pulling John’s face against his in a vicious kiss.
John leaned down, curled the fingers of his other hand around Sherlock’s jaw, skin still chilly from being outside, and tilted his head to the side. Putting his lips to Sherlock’s ear, he whispered, “That’s my boy, that’s lovely. No, darling, not too late. Everything’s ready for us.
Sherlock's eyes lock into John's as he slides his fingers around the frayed cotton and drags it up and over John's head. He immediately goes to take his hands away, and John grabs his wrists. Gives him what he knows is a seductive smile. "Hmm-mm. Where you going?"
beside him as he backs into something solid. Sherlock turns, everything happening in slow motion, his ability to process this not quite having caught up with the visual. There's two thick arms wrapped around John's chest. He's dropped his torch on the floor.
"I don't know. I just. When I saw you, I just..." John’s too close. John’s breath is on his face, tobacco-y and sour from sleep. Sherlock can see every spot on his face, every hair. He’s got stubble, silvery blonde in the grey light. “I don’t know. You looked so alone. I just didn’t want you to be alone.”
"Eight. At Diogenes." Sherlock's hand falls to John's knee. He leans against him. "I'll be there with you."
He pulled the door shut and made sure it was locked. Lit a cigarette, shielding it from the wind with a curved hand, and took a deep drag. Okay. Play time was over.
broke.”
The cabbie twisted and looked over the seat, frowning. “As long as he doesn’t puke all over my cab.”
“We must arise, my dear. Mrs Hudson will be back from church soon.” John makes no move to get up, however, instead yawning and scratching at his tangled hair.
“I’m not.” Sherlock climbs over John and moulds up behind him, cupping John’s small body entirely within the lines and angles of his own gangly one.
"Oh, by all means, then. Continue."
Sherlock’s never had anyone go with him when he scores. Not even Molly. It’s inexplicably embarrassing as they trudge side by side up the filthy concrete steps, down the fenced in exterior hallway of the third floor where Sherlock’s dealer lives. He raps gently on the door, nervous, as always, and more so because he can feel John’s billowing breaths at his neck as he stands behind Sherlock, feet tapping nervously, understands John is tolerating this, but disapproving. Why he should give one fuck about John’s approval is beyond him, but he does. God, he does so much he has a knot in his stomach. And not just from withdrawl.
“I love you too, John.”
“Nor I.” Sherlock flips back around and snatches his phone up. “Alright, they got on. I’ll let Mycroft -”
Sherlock leans back into the curve of John's arm, rests his head against his shoulder. "In all seriousness, John, that was exactly what I was trying to say. Yes. I need the boundaries, I need the break from my own mind. It used to be...well. You know what it used to be. You're a much more effective and pleasant distraction than drugs. And you must know I would never permit anyone else this kind of control over me. It is entirely unique to you. Just you."
John doesn’t appear to notice anything strange, as he quakes and moans, cock twitching wet and hot into the meat of Sherlock’s thigh, and whispers, “God, Sherlock,
"I am not." He kissed at the gentle curve of John's bicep, threaded their fingers together. "Perhaps a bit tipsy, but not drunk."
John throws his head back and guffaws, amused as he always is by Sherlock’s unabashed rudeness. “Yeah, yeah, you do. I love you, you awful, rude, obnoxious berk.”
“Thank - thank you.” Sherlock doesn’t know what to do with his hands, arms dangling useless at his sides. He looks up at the ceiling.
"Piss off!"
"I'll see you at half seven," John said with a wink.
He struck out into the hall and was immediately greeted by this stocky kid with wire-rim glasses and a friendly smile.
Sherlock nearly sagged in relief having an excuse to decline the invitation. "I really want to," he lied. "But Mummy said I had to be home by midnight."
Sherlock straightened up and immediately swung his feet out of bed. John moved to the side and watched as Sherlock stood, wobbled, and promptly sat back down.
"Mycroft!" a familiar voice cracked from the entranceway. John whipped his head around to see that Sherlock was standing there, his fists clenched at his sides.
Sherlock thought about it for a moment before he said, "How young I was when I wrote it."
"Strange, you'd be the first," Mycroft muttered and pushed his way past Greg to go in search of more booze.
John nodded and spotted the older boy playing pool, drinking and smoking. When Greg noticed them, he moved over to a table and ordered them some fish and chips and a pint if they wanted.
Sherlock lifted his chin but said nothing.
"I just hate to put him out of a job. He's been so loyal to me, even when no one else was," Sherlock murmured.
"I know, John," she simpered. "But I just got distracted." Mary looked him up and down appreciatively.
Greg caught them deftly and slid into the driver's seat. "Where to?"
"Why?"
"I'm sorry, Lockie," Mycroft murmured.
"I'm a half hour late to a meeting," Sherlock informed him.
"Why would anyone want to go to that pitiful display of base human behavior?" he asked, tearing the poster off the wall and stuffing it into a nearby rubbish bin.
John leaned in close and whispered, "I'm trained to be a medical doctor, I know what to look for."
"Yes, you do," John growled. "You were there when the police were telling us about her psychopathology. How they described her descent from being a fan to a stalker and if circumstances had been different, his murderer. As long he continued to not recognize her as his true love and just as the president of his fan club, the further she would descend. This is no one's fault but hers."
Sally and Sherlock blushed.
A few minutes passed before the phone erupted in his hand. He looked at the phone, his brother was actually calling him.
John blushed. "Like I could leave him after he cured my limp."
In this chapter I plug a plot hole in the movie, Anthea gets time to shine, and we learn about Mycroft! Yay!
Mycroft opened his mouth to say something but nothing came out.
"You have two dates tonight?" Sherlock asked with a wink.
"John," Sherlock repeated, enjoying the way the rugby player's name felt on his tongue. It was warm and made him want to say it over and over again.
Greg nodded and smiled, "True, but since then your opinion of him changed, and I'd say you
And suddenly everyone was laughing and making apologies to John.
"Will," she replied. Mycroft just blinked at her. "Will Shakespeare?"
"We could always head to my room instead to study," Sherlock smirked over his shoulder.
Oh god.
John nodded and went to go find Sherlock.
"Come on," Greg said, pulling Mycroft to his feet, "Let's get you home."
But John leaned into his space again and soon they were pushing and roughhousing with each other right there on the pavement.
"Your fever seems to have broken," Sherlock murmured.
John blinked. "You talked to him?"
Sherlock barely managed to stay standing as the bouquet went flying in a hail of petals. He put his arms around John and breathed a sigh of relief.
"I'll miss you," Sherlock muttered and John mouthed, "Me too."
John wasn't sure what was worse, that she wasn't with David or how quickly the guy had been had been replaced. So he was currently hiding behind Mike, hoping that she wouldn't look his way.
"Thanks for that," John murmured into Sherlock's neck.
The two of them started laughing and laughing.
John snorted and then started to laugh. "Point to ballet!" he crowed.
After watching Sherlock wander through the library without choosing a single novel to read, John came to a sad conclusion.
John let out a long sigh. "I haven't met any other spook like her. She is absolutely terrifying. All she does is stare at me. It's making it really hard to shower."
Years pass and they see the birth of William Hamish and Lily Marie Lestrade. Will was born in the middle of a triple murder. John thinks it was a new record for the detective on how quickly the case was solved. Lily was born a couple years after that.
He paused at the door. "God no. Wild horses couldn't drag me to the event."
"Did you see the difference?" Bertie asked. Before Sherlock could even open his mouth to lie, Bertie said, "Here let me show you again."
argument with Sally. And he had managed to dodge Anderson for most of the final shooting.
"What stunt?" John asked. "And why would Mycroft being out of town make a difference?"
She turned around to see him looking ashamed. She sighed. "I know. I'm just shit at timing, aren't I?"
Mycroft pointed to the radio, "I want to do that."
Sherlock laughed. "I'm glad you liked it. I don't think I've met anyone in a long time who actually enjoyed my book for what it was meant to be. -SH"
"Well, when John Watson, the star of the London rugby team, comes in with his super model girlfriend, of course he's going to get priority over some nobody and his mummy." She made the last word sound like an insult.
John sent out a hasty, panicked text to Mike and hoped it was enough to get the point across that this was bad. This was worse than bad, this was a full-on crisis.
"Fuck," John bit out, "you are far too talented with that thing, you keep that up and this will be over very fast."
Mike looked up mournfully, "You'll go easy on him? I'd hate to see him being humiliated."
"No."
Toby: They all sound pretty plausible to me. It could be any combination of that or all of them.
File that under one more thing that John has said that he didn't mean the way Sherlock would have preferred.
To my husband, sidheman, who must have gotten tired of my constant pestering on how to spell a word, or when to stop a chapter, or how to get around a plot wall that I had accidentally wrote myself into. He is a gem.
"And you haven't managed to frighten him off with your charming attitude, your penchant for vocalizing your deductions, or that horrid taste in clothing you call style?" Mycroft sneered.
"Escaped. The word you're looking for," Mike replied, "is 'escaped'."
Marrow turned up the drip on John's morphine and soon John could remember no more.
John opened his eyes and muttered, "Oh god, what, Sherlock?"
"Also, pay attention, because if you need to have it shown to you again, I'll have James or Mrs Hudson show you, because I won't," he told her sternly.
"Hurry up, Sherlock," John yelled through the door, "otherwise people will talk."
Greg's half smile turned into a full grin, "Because then I'd have start taking out blokes that actually like me."
?" he asked.
"That's all from 'Unmasking the Supernatural: The Science of Demystifying the Ethereal.' I'm your host, Sherlock Holmes. Next week for BBC's Halloween Spooktacular, we'll be debunking mediums, or those that claim they can speak to the dead. Until then, suspect everything!"
Just then John’s phone went off and he made a mad dash for it, completely starkers. But when he flipped the phone over to see who it was, he set it down and let it ring out. He wandered back into the showers.
Mike shook his head. "Not at all, Miss Hooper." He pulled out a chair and Molly sank into it heavily. She clutched her cup of water and braced her elbows on her knees.
"All the good love songs are about Romeo and Juliet even though they were a tragedy, I couldn't find any about the happy ones," Mike complained.
"Where did you get this?" he demanded hotly.
address me in public."
John nodded, feeling a little sad. He then on impulse grabbed Sherlock and pulled him in for a hug. "I think you're brilliant," he whispered into Sherlock's ear.
"Trouble at work?" John asked.
"Sally!" Bertie said, looking up at her as if he finally found
He nodded, and she stripped off her gloves and hugged him. He awkwardly patted her back.
"Money buys all sorts of liberties that wouldn't be afforded to those without it," John said, shaking his head.
Enjoy!
"I'm sorry he left, Mummy! But him being being gay didn't turn his sons gay, too!"
The publicist answered it. He listened to the other person on the phone and nodded and hummed in response.
Sherlock pulled out his phone and after hitting a few buttons, he turned the phone toward her, Greg's number all ready to be dialed. "I dare you."
Mycroft held up the car keys, "And I have your only way home." He jingled the keys with a teasing grin.
Greg smiled. "Only so we can have these moments together. You want me to hit the lights?"
Amy helped Sherlock into the chair while John signed him out. Then the three of them made their way to a waiting taxi, Amy helping John get Sherlock into the vehicle.
"Don't care. I'm soaked, I'm tired." John's nostrils flared.
Sherlock blinked at him, unfazed. He looked over at Sebastian. "Is this how M&M Prints conducts business? With threats of harassment and then violence when told to stop?"
Sally cut him off again, "Maybe without using that word."
As if he would stoop to speak to me. No, he was blasting me on some podcast and let it slip it was him. My brother dug a little deeper to see if he was making it up or not.
Sherlock looked up, stunned. "You still like it even with the ending?"
Mycroft took a deep breath and opened the notebook to the right page. Greg watched, face pinched in distress.
Greg huffed out a sigh, "Just my luck that your vocabulary wouldn't suffer when you're pissed."
"Oh God!" James replied. "I will never be able to unsee that."
He excused himself to go to the bathroom.
"I was merely showing my concern," Mycroft protested.
Mary waved him off. "Your parents are Scottish, you don't count," she teased.
John took her hand, careful of the long red nails. "John Watson."
"What is he going to be wearing?" Anthea asked.
John nodded and Sherlock turned around. Bertie turned back for a brief second to give John a thumbs up. Like everything was okay. Like everything was going to plan. Only
John couldn't see Sherlock's expression, but he could feel the tension coming off the man in waves.
Molly twisted her fingers anxiously behind her back. She only half listened as the owner droned on about the history of the building, the town, the military base, the famous people who stayed at the inn.
"I don't want to," he murmured.
Greg sat down heavily in the chair in front of Sherlock's desk and drew his hands down his face. "He told you to rewrite 'Griffin's Steps', didn't he?"
"John, what are we doing in Sussex Downs?" he said, turning in his seat to look at his lover.
They were silent for a few moments before Mycroft spoke up, "When we get home, I'll have Mummy lift the ban on dating."
Mycroft smiled.
Mycroft laughed and was still laughing when he rang off.
Sherlock came with a loud shout of pleasure and flopped on the bed, completely sated.
"My replacement?" John asked, confused.
Mycroft raised his hand.
Sherlock lifted his head and John's fingers coiled in his locks. Sherlock gave his friend a questioning glance.
"Absolutely," his mouth was saying. His brain was positively shrieking to stop, but his mouth had other ideas. "Prove it, Watson."
"He's on some forum trading insults with some twat," she explained.
John looked up into his eyes. "Yeah?"
There was some grumbling. "So what did you all think of 'The Sun Also Rises'?"
Sherlock smile was all the confirmation John needed to know that he'd said the right thing.
"In David's car," everyone said at once, and for the first time since this whole thing started, Mary well and truly blushed.
She added to her paragraph, then looked up at Mycroft. "Terrorizing Mr Lyons's class again, are we?"
Sherlock opened his mouth and then closed it with a snap. "I think I'll go find something to read." He got up, and wrapping the duvet around his head, strolled along the shelves.
Sherlock felt a warmth spread out from his chest that left him feeling more than a little happy.
"Handsome, hmmm?" John teased. "Well that is a step up. Before you left for Ireland, I was only good-looking, now I'm handsome."
It took John a minute to realize that the man was talking about himself.
Mike waved him off, "We shoulda done that to begin with so we didn't worry your dad."
"Then who the hell gives a damn if he says the whole thing?" Greg growled.
He had been so sure that Mary was the one. So certain that the wedding he would attend was his own. Maybe Mike's, but not Greg's. He had become friends with the Detective Inspector. In fact, he had several police friends. He had a new life now. He was still friends with Mike and Divya. Molly, too. But he had new friends, people that he never thought that he would be friends with. Like the one that had gone from flatmate to friend, and finally lover. A mad man called Sherlock Holmes.
"I love my job, well jobs, really," Sherlock sighed. "But this wasn't where I saw myself...at any time in my life, honestly. As a child, as a youth, as an adult. I stumbled on both because I'm a bastard. But this isn't what I really want to do."
Mycroft barked out a jaded laugh. "Be serious. You can ask me anything."
"So go," she said with shrug. "What harm is it going to do?"
Sherlock took the contract and began to read through it.
"Pardon me for saying so, but have
Greg put up his hands in surrender. "I say you do what you want to do."
John shook his head. "You could have taken that case, you know. Greg's right. I would have been fine for a couple of hours."
Sherlock shook his head, but didn't have time to think about it, as that was his cue. He walked to the middle of the stage, got into position, and took a deep breath. He let the music from the orchestra wash away his fears. This is who he was. This is what he loved. People come and go, but he always had the music.
"I'll take the credit and the reward, but John's the one that got the coffee going for me," Mike said, blushing.
"Do you like Chinese?" John asked.
"Did you know he had two brothers?" Sherlock asked, gazing up at his lover.
"I know," John said, taking Sherlock's hand. "But just because you're leaving 'Unmasking the Supernatural: The Science of Demystifying the Ethereal' as host doesn't mean it's the end. You'll find other things to do, maybe here, maybe not. But this place would be lost without you."
"Me, too," John admitted. "Her attention makes me uncomfortable and I don't like seeing her be rude to James or to customers."
Greg smiled and then pointed up at the speakers, "Do you mind? I'm trying to listen to the band." He got up, "I mean they aren't Vauxhall Cross, but they're not bad." He moved to closer the dance floor and Mycroft was hot on his heels, grabbing the bottles with a mumble of thanks to the bartender.
They were sitting on the sofa with the bottle of Scotch that had been John's contribution to the night, snuggling in front of the fire, when they heard a loud commotion at the front step. They jumped up and John went for the poker, while Sherlock dove for his phone.
Thanks to my wonderful beta Old Ping Hai for the way she helps get these chapters into shape.
"And what is everyone's preoccupation with prom, anyway? I don't want to go, why is that so hard for people to understand?"
"God help us all, but yes."
"Oi!" John huffed, kicking Sherlock's shin under the table. "Shut it!" And just in time, as the chef had returned with their drinks.
Greg pulled on the saddle strap to make sure it was snug and shrugged, "Why was it so hard to believe?" He stood up and dusted off his hands on his jeans.
Sherlock shook his head. "It took Mycroft two days to figure it out. Though, he may have been prolonging his time with Greg."
"Thank you for bringing him, Victor, it was such a pleasant surprise."
"Ouch."
"Consider me freaked out. Christ! But then when you're a Holmes, this must seem so small."
"She seems to think it is funny. Just a little schoolgirl crush that Mary'll get over," John ground out.
"Right," Mike agreed. "Thanks."
"You sound tired, are you all right?" Sherlock asked.
"Greg Lestrade," Mike replied.
Greg decided to end her misery and pointed up at the stage where the band was playing a popular song about Romeo and Juliet. Standing next to the lead singer was Mike, holding the white rose Anthea was looking for.
"When me and my brother Rupert were kids."
John cupped his cheek and then reached around to grab the back of Sherlock's neck. Sherlock gasped and clutched John's jacket in his fists. John pulled Sherlock down to his level, panting close to the detective's mouth. Sherlock's heart rate skyrocketed as a swooping feeling entered his stomach. Then their lips were touching and suddenly Sherlock was flying.
John winced, "Yeah, I've heard." He scratched his eyebrow for a minute. "What if I found someone who would date Mycroft?"
John came dashing up to Mike. "I can't find him. How am I supposed to find him in this crowd?"
the sequels..."
It was a comfort to start the year in a new place with new company. He had even turned down Mike's invitation to his New Year's party. Instead, he and Sherlock shared a bottle champagne with their landlady, Mrs Hudson.
"See, John," Sherlock said with a smile, "Even Greg thinks we were smart enough to figure it out."
He was tall, his long legs clad in the tightest leather trousers John had ever seen. The trousers laced up the side with red silk ribbon, leaving a stripe of exposed flesh. He was wearing high-heeled, suede, knee-high boots. John's eyes trailed up this creature's body, noting the sheer, mesh, black shirt and the pierced nipples. He continued his gaze up the long column of his neck to the Cupid bow lips, the bottom one sporting two ring piecings on both sides. His eyes were impossible to describe as he couldn't decide if they were grey, green, blue or a combination thereof. He had a bar piercing on his left eyebrow, and on the left side of his head, his dark curls were completely shaved. Etched into the hair was the molecular structure of honey.
John chuckled into Sherlock's chest, then he raised his head. "Of course I do."
His mother had spent the whole ride back to her hotel praising John to the sky. It also didn’t hurt that she also criticized John’s girlfriend. Sherlock couldn’t figure out what John saw in her. He figured it must be a superficial attraction to her looks or...Sherlock made a face, other
In which we find out how their night ended and stir the pot a bit.
"Hey," Sally said.
He had come from an adjacent alley and Sherlock had headed him off by leaping through the air, apparently.
She browsed the rows and rows of dresses, pausing briefly to look a couple that caught her eye. She was looking at a beautiful wine-colored dress when a thought came to her.
No. God, no. I may have stumbled on a few secrets I guessed when I first met him and
The day had finally come and the whole shop was in a twitter. The release party was to be held at 221Books with everyone heading to Mycroft's penthouse flat for the after party.
They sat on John's sofa, and John handed Sherlock his glass.
"I'm glad you got clean, though."
Mummy stared at the door in shock.
"More like stealing from my plate or falling asleep on my lap," John groused. It was a pale argument, more like a token protest.
"Because I know something you don't," Mike replied with a shrug.
Ajay went to the ice box and pulled them out for him. As he was handing over the bottles, Greg asked, "A bit thirsty, are you?"
"We try to do this with as much dignity as possible, but here is always a chance that this could go badly for you. Are you all right with that?"
"Evermore."
John reached up with the hand he wasn't using to stir to scratch Sherlock's head. "I can't imagine that he laid off the hard questions."
Mike agreed. "Let's find Greg, yeah?"
Sherlock looked up at John, hopeful. "I think I'm in love with you," he admitted softly.
"Hey, gorgeous," Bertie replied. "Did you hear about Sarah's party this Saturday?"
The detective chuckled as John pushed him back down on the sofa and straddled him.
John and Sherlock arrived at the group at the same time. They spotted each other and smiles lit up their faces.
Mrs Hudson glared at him.
"Absolutely, in case the sexy beast doesn't show and I get this ethereal being instead," John said and then kissed Sherlock gently.
Sherlock just glared at him, and crossed his arms.
Sherlock hadn't been lying about the taste of books that Mycroft had, they were all old literature or golden age sci-fi. But he was bound and determined to find something from the last twenty years.
Sherlock spread his napkin over his knees. "And what was that?"
"I'm spending Christmas alone this year," Sherlock said. "This year has been insane."
"Completely destroyed," Sherlock explained. "Sometimes a book's cover will be ripped off and it would be counted as a loss to the publisher. Then they don't receive any money from it. Pulping is out and out reducing the book to pulp to be made into other books. Pulping is rare."
Hey guys, miss me?
"That's wonderful," John breathed. "To be back home, wearing my own clothes, using my own toothbrush, and sleeping in my own bed..."
It was exhausting being with her. She was always rude to people that she didn’t think were on her “level”. It was like that old adage, “If you want to see a person for how they really are, watch how they treat others less than themselves.” And boy, was she awful.
"Shit, Doc," a voice hissed above him.
Mycroft scowled. He wanted to argue, but he had just proven otherwise with his little stunt. "I'll make you a deal. We'll go out today, but we do things my way."
"He was rich, handsome, polished in ways I'm not," John muttered into Sherlock's chest. "I couldn't help but compare myself to him and I came up short."
"What," Sherlock asked with a smirk, "no dessert?"
Hello, hello! June and July are really busy months for me, and in the middle of all this I had to get a new laptop because it took 5 tries to get it to come on one night and went oh hell no! So I have a shiny new laptop and I like it. Even though the Best Buy guy kept trying to up sell me to a gaming laptop when all I do it on it social media and write. Idiot.
Much apologies, with work being busy and my beta have a couple of hectic weeks, it took a bit to get this typed up and ready for viewing.
"Ah ha!" Sherlock called out, holding up a pair of pants. "Someone is thinking about sex."
Anthea smiled and pulled the coupon out of her pocket, "I have a coupon for a free dress."
“I want you on top of me.” Sherlock whispered roughly, not even knowing where the desire for that came from, but suddenly needing John’s weight and warmth heavy on him. He wanted to look into those stormy blue eyes as he thrust up into the tightness of John’s body, wanted to be surrounded by him, wanted John’s hands pressing into his chest. Wanted to be lost in him.
“Because…” John was starting to shake, his voice trembling terribly. “Because they...I found ones that looked like you.”
“S’alright.”
Oh, that was definitely an added bonus to keeping bees - a constant supply of honey for --  "Well, yes, I do rather enjoy that."
John makes a high needy sound that spirals spectacularly though Sherlock’s body, makes his cock jerk in his pants. It's never been like this, this kind of urgency. He wants everything at once. He braces himself with one hand next to John’s head. John’s face is blushed deep pink, his blue eyes bright and glazed, hair sweaty from dancing and running. Sherlock can
lips? You could make your fortune sucking off half of London if it didn’t all go in your arm. Alright. Come in. Who the fuck is this?” The door swings open all the way, and with a sweep of his arm, he ushers them in.
"I read the journal. It was honest. More honest than I expected, truthfully. And I." Sherlock pauses, takes another drink of his wine and sets the glass on the coffee table. "I think it was true."
John had split open one of the wounds from the night before. Blood was seeping into the sleeve of his jumper. “You got any gauze?”
The corridor of the train is swarming with people. It’s claustrophobic. Sherlock breathes deep, feels Alchemy rubbing a cool wet nose up into his hairline. Rose leads the way to a compartment halfway down the car. Inside are Rose’s brother Hugo, their cousins Albus and Lily Potter, and John Watson, a sixth year Gryffindor who Sherlock’s never had any reason to be in close proximity to before now. All four Gryffindor faces turn to look at them.
“Good. That’s enough of that for now. You’re weak, and that was...a long, hard conversation. It’s late, and you haven’t had anything to eat. Hungry?”
"Well, what's the problem, then?"
John laughs, throwing his head back and looking inexplicably delighted that Sherlock is so clueless. He throws Sherlock a sideways glance and shakes his head. “I’ve never met anyone here who
Sherlock moves forward, wraps his hands around the blonde wood bunk frame and steps into the bottom bunk so they're at eye level. He takes John's chin between his thumb and forefinger and forces him to look up. "You are. That no one's ever told you that is inconsequential. It doesn't change the observable and immutable fact that you
"I wanted more than a ring for this. More than a piece of jewelry, I wanted something more meaningful." He handed Sherlock the envelope and said, "Sherlock Holmes, will you do me the honor growing old with me? To spend the rest of our days together, either here or at Baker Street. Say you'll bind yourself to me in the most significant way possible. William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you marry me?"
"I'm just sorry you have to go at all," John murmured into his plate.
John beamed up at him and began soothing away Sherlock's fears by running his fingers through his dark, curled locks.
Mummy stared at the door in shock as Sherlock flippantly flicked his hand toward the door as if to say, "See?"
He tapped his phone against his lips and put the other hand on his hip. He honestly didn't know what he wanted to do with this information. He could bring up to Sherlock, let him know that he since he was in Afghanistan at the time this whole shit storm went down, he would be the last person in the world to care.
John rose to his feet, clenching and unclenching his left hand. "Is he okay?" he asked before either man had time to say a word.
"It's fun watching you defend the guy," John said with a half-shrug.
"What's going on?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock waved him off in his head. His libido was for jumping John now. But that part of him that was still a romantic told his libido to shut up, too.
"You leave him out of this!" Mummy shrieked.
Mr Lyons grabbed his arm just before he turned back around to his desk. "I don't know what's going on between you, but that was the most beautiful thing I have ever heard in all my years of teaching. Make it up to him. But maybe not as dramatic as last time, yeah?"
want to give it back," John said. "Not with that ending."
Mycroft put a hand to his head. "I need to sit down."
Once they tied up their horses they went in to sign up for a session. When they got handed a bag of paintballs, Greg and Mycroft shared a confused glance.
It wasn't a question.
Anthea turned back to her locker and Mike peered around the door and looked into her locker. It was covered with Shakespeare quotes and even a picture of the Bard himself.
Sherlock pulled a fistful of vinyl records off the shelf and thrust them at John, "These are the bands he listens to most often."
Sherlock blushed and Mary scowled. John gave her a wink, sat down next to Sherlock and immediately started asking questions about his cases, and Sherlock regaled them with tales that seemed straight out of fiction.
Mary turned around and John was gone.
Sherlock shook his head. "That would require having 'mates' to begin with."
John pulled out his phone and called Sherlock.
Sherlock ducked his head, but he couldn't hide the pleased smile that spread across his face. "We should be getting cards for both of us in the mail in the next couple of days," he concluded.
"I was in the army," John reminded him.
Mr Lyons blinked, but motioned for him to come up. As he moved out of the way to let Mycroft take center stage, he muttered to himself, "God help us all."
"I'm too old for this type of shit, John," Greg wailed.
"Oh, I do," Sherlock practically purred. John shivered, he loved that tone of voice in his husband. It meant an idiot was about to be laid low.
"Mycroft..." Sherlock warned, his voice low and deadly.
Sherlock hadn't intended to let John know that his birthday was on the 6th of January but John had come home early from his shift at the surgery to hear Sherlock hissing into phone at Mycroft, "I am telling you in no uncertain terms that there is no way that am I spending time with our parents on
Mycroft didn't even bother forming an argument and just walked out, wincing as Sherlock slammed the door behind him.
"If you want to go now," Louisa said, "I could take you home, I'm getting tired of this place."
Another note, I warred with myself a long time whether or not to include this bit. I felt that just mentioning the event didn't have the same emotional impact, but still I argued with myself. It's not like the rest of the story. So I asked someone smarter than me. I asked my beta, Old Ping Hai. After reading the scene she agreed with me that it was too good to leave out.
"Mickey," John corrected.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and then winced when it hurt, "Like you could find one."
"Which book?" Sherlock asked.
"And the way you read my mind
"Oh," Sherlock murmured.
After presents Molly and Divya decided to give John and Mike a break from fixing their meal and went to make scones.
"You're welcome to come over anytime," she told John. "Think of this house as a sanctuary, and I can deny having seen you if you need me to."
"You won't fall asleep. If nothing else, Sherlock in tights will keep you awake," Mike said with a chuckle.
"Aww..." Greg teased.
it's a crime scene."
They munched on goodies and leftovers from the lunch, but mostly stayed in their separate corners for the rest of the evening.
He turned to Mike and his mother, "This true?"
"A bit much, don't you think?" Sherlock murmured as they started to sway to the music.
"Then what do you suggest?" the other man asked.
Mycroft looked him square in the eye, "It's happened before."
They weren't sure who leaned forward first, but soon they were kissing, everything else forgotten.
"Well, if she had been paying attention instead of constantly looking at the back of the store for something," the customer glared at Mary, "or someone, she would have seen she was hitting the wrong key."
"Of course it did, like there was any doubt," Sherlock said, as he waved down a taxi.
"Don't ever stop," Sherlock pleaded.
"I forgot my scarf!"
"You boys go to bed," Mrs Stamford said. "I'll make sure to wake you up in time for John to get home by ten."
we started ordering drinks," Greg groused. "Who knew that the local had stopped taking cards."
John laughed rocking back on his heels. "He's hardly a child; he's thirty. But yes, him." He was suddenly buzzing with joy and excitement.
"The pleasure is all ours, I assure you," Mrs Holmes said, with a tender smile.
When she got back she handed it to Bertie, who immediately put it on his crotch.
"I'll suspect you'll want a shower," Sherlock said, side-stepping the question. "Go, I'll grab you some clothes to change into."
Sherlock smiled. "All dogs need to be spoiled."
"Of course, darling," Mrs Hudson cooed.
Sherlock raised his head slowly. "Hey, Greg."
Sally covered her mouth but not before a giggle escaped.
"You could let her live here and she could pay rent to you," John reasoned.
When Mycroft walked into Mr Lyons's English class on Monday, he felt less like death but his head still throbbed. As he found his seat, Mr Lyons called the students to order.
Last Christmas, John had given Mary his heart. This year he cast it in glass and asked Sherlock not to break it, physically or metaphorically. And as he watched the colors from the glass light Sherlock's face, John knew that it was in safe hands.
Also I totally cribbed from Vincent Starrett. I'm still not sure I like it. But I'm just going to have to live with it.
"That's...that's perfect."
Mycroft's courage almost failed him again. "I just wanted to talk."
John kissed him over and over, then swung Sherlock around in his arms, the dancer laughing out loud.
of your business. I don't have
"Julie, is it true that you gave away his table to someone else?" the other woman asked.
"I'll call him, now," John breathed. "Hurry home. I want to thank you by shagging you into the sofa."
"I understand," Sherlock agreed. "I only checked into two. Your soldier ghost and the girl in your old flat."
John managed to get a kick in at the tire of cab before it outstripped him.
"Can't we get at least some intelligent authors?" Mycroft complained. "Hell, at this point I'd take Jane Austen over Ernest Hemmingway."
Enjoy! Until next week!
like that and get away with it? And I was trying to get him to trip up so I could catch in the lie, but he kept dodging me." John rubbed his face with one hand.
Sherlock just chuckled and began nuzzling John's neck. "I watched you two for awhile, you were magnificent. You were never cowed by him."
Everyone round them laughed at his gaffe. Even Mycroft let out a small giggle.
Anthea smiled. "Well that's good enough for me." She felt much more at ease about this mystery bloke now who she'd spoken to people who knew him.
"What took you so long?" Sherlock whined from under his covers.
Mummy was up out of her chair in a flash. "Sherlock!" she called out, "Darling, where do you think you are going dressed like that?"
"You're impossible," she said, throwing her hand hands in the air.
"But your name has been on the books at Cambridge since you were born. At Oxford, they won't care that you're a Holmes," Mummy pleaded.
Mr Watson looked back to his table and then around Sherlock to look at the maitre d'. He frowned.
Sherlock excused himself from John when they got to prom because he really needed to use the loo. On his way out he ran into Sally coming out of the girls' bathroom.
"Nonsense. If I can get the biggest second chance in the world, who's to say that it can't happen to you, too."
John continued not to say anything when the flirting intensified. Well, not to Mary anyway. He begged, he pleaded and he threatened Mrs Hudson to tell Sherlock she didn't like strawberry scones. To no avail.
At first they thought it was just the wind, but then there came three distinct thumps, hard against the wood. John and Mike jumped up and ran for the door. Divya and Mary covered Molly, Divya holding the fireplace shovel as a shield. John had picked up the poker as he followed Mike to the back door.
"Oh yes, they were both in on it," Sherlock replied, moving the white pawn forward. "So Mrs Hudson tried to go to the police, a solicitor, anyone at the company who would believe her, but they cleverly blocked her at every turn."
And now for the part I've been promising for two chapters Greg serenading Mycroft!! Yay!!! (Insert Kermit the Frog arm flail here)
Sherlock let the phone drop on his desk with a thud and buried his head in his hands. He ran his fingers over his face and let out a deep sigh. But before he could wallow in his misery, a shrill chirp sounded from his phone.
She looked up to see Sherlock standing there with the smuggest expression on his face.
"Hmm, wouldn't want that," John agreed, laving the other nipple.
John kissed Sherlock on the lips. "You did good."
"Oi!" Mike called out. "Watch the glasses!"
Toby: And to have to face all that at such a young age. You were only seventeen.
John was panting for breath when he burst through door and nearly yelled, "Sorry I'm late!" He skidded to a stop. Whatever breath he had left deserted him. Leaning against the professor's desk was this ethereal creature.
Not even when Sherlock was in the hospital had Mycroft looked this disheveled. His hair was in disarray as though he had run his fingers through it constantly. His jacket was nowhere to be seen, the waistcoat was unbuttoned and hanging off rounded shoulders. The tie was loosened and the top button undone. The shirt was rumpled, with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows.
Sherlock scoffed. "And yet you can do it with books."
Sherlock looked over at the glass case containing the thumb drive that held his stories. "The drive might not even work," he reasoned.
“Oh. I thought you were upset about the mobile phone being out when I should have been warming up,” he admitted.
"Look," Mike growled, "it's just one night."
"He does?" John felt a warmth spread through his chest. Sherlock and he had been trading text messages and calling each other for the last week. And while John would've said they were almost friends, he didn't know Sherlock had told anyone about him.
Anderson stepped forward. "Actually he can, the spirit in the study."
"John, it's not like that!" Mary protested rushing to his side.
Greg opened his mouth to explain, when Mycroft came up to the bar and asked for two bottled waters.
Anthea burst through the cheering crowd and turned to Mike, "What happened? I just saw Bertie limp off."
But if it does get to that point I have other "one-shots" I can type up while I'm writing "Curses" but with any luck we won't have to worry about that.
Warm tea was pressed into frozen fingers and cold toes were placed in water to thaw, hot water slowly added to warm up the extremities.
"Yeah. So you'll do it?" Mike asked, hopeful.
"Yes," Mycroft said over their mother's shoulder, quite proudly. "Looks like you'll have to take the Tube to school for a while." He grabbed his keys, wallet, and jacket and made for the stairs.
John shrugged. "My mum bought me a tux last year and she said that having one will be the most used thing I have in my closet."
Anderson sneered. "You're not going lose me this time, Holmes. I assure you that."
"Shit!" John swore. He then looked around, the flat was relatively clean for them, he could smell food cooking in the kitchen, and Sherlock's chemistry set had been cleared away.
"Um, miss?" John asked. She continued her blank stare. He looked behind himself just to be certain she wasn't looking at someone else, but he was the only one there. He stepped around her into the bathroom and her eyes followed him.
They finished their meal shortly after that. They were all standing around under the valet awning waiting for the valets to return with their cars.
John took the neatly wrapped gift, complete with matching bow, from the publicist. And immediately he could tell it was a book.
"I thought getting back into writing was a good idea, but if it involves speaking in front of you lot, I take it back," Sherlock began.
"Do you want me to stop?" John asked, staring up at his lover.
"That thing that you did with me earlier, where you were completely blank? I've never seen anyone do that before."
"Too right. Now, it seems to me that you are wearing yourself out when you don't have to be."
He searched the house high and low, but could not find them. He finally decided he should check the bedroom for them. But when he opened the door, what he saw made him sink against the doorframe and sob.
John laughed. "Harry is short for Harriet," he replied with a smirk.
Sherlock just grinned.
John's head snapped up and then he blushed. "Oh shit! Sorry, Mike. Nerves, I guess."
"All drinks are on the house," Angelo said proudly. "And I will personally oversee your meal tonight."
The ride over to the restaurant started tense for Sherlock, but soon the knowledge that Victor had his back regardless of what happened tonight with John had him almost fully relaxed by the time they got there. John, of course, helped Sherlock feel at ease, too. He kept the conversation light and since Sherlock was driving, never took his eyes off the dancer.
The blond-haired man got Sherlock settled before walking to the other side of the bed and sliding in next to him.
"Some of us are actually here to watch the game, not ogle buff men in tight uniforms," Greg grumbled.
“So that’s it? Two hours with you, your mum, this bloke, and his girlfriend, and you’re over the moon?” Greg questioned.
Mike and John knew they were going to have to take matters into their own hands if Greg continued to fail at wooing Mycroft, so they hatched a plan. After the incident at the music shop, Greg had completely stalled out.
John shook his head and then abruptly stopped when it made his head spin.
"Why don't I see any of your ballet friends helping out? Why is it only us?" Bill groused.
It had been a grueling pace on the road, and in the end they were slaughtered by the German team. John was exhausted. Physically and mentally. All he wanted to do was shower and then crash in their bed. A bed that would be absent of one Sherlock Holmes, who was on the last leg of his summer tour in America.
He moved to turn back around but suddenly John was in his space.
John looked up at him and then over at the display. The books were ordered from oldest to newest, left to right. "What's wrong with it?"
Mike came out and said, "All right, let's get you lot on your way."
to get this dickhead to admit that he has never read the book," John growled.
Bertie slugged him. "Knock it off. Like I'd stick my dick anywhere close to your skeevy arse."
"Be that as that may, Mr Fancy Pants, your own bank account is nothing to sneeze at. Christ, Sherlock, you could buy Mrs Hudson out and own this place outright."
Just then there was a knock on the door. Before anyone could react, Mycroft breezed past them, in blue jeans, a light blue button up and black waistcoat. He threw on his coat and opened the door to reveal Greg who was similarly dressed.
James doubled over in laughter. "I've never thought of it like that, but yes. Yes, he does. He looks like a Disney character."
"The last two I spoke to called me a sociopath with serial killer tendencies," Sherlock said in all seriousness.
Anthea cocked her head to the side. "Right, new plan." She put her hands on her hips. "Bertie Gruner is not going to ruin this night for all of us. John will take Greg home or wherever he wants to go and come back here to finish prom with Sherlock. Mike and I will go see what Mycroft wants to do, take him home if that's what he wants and then come back and enjoy the rest of the night."
"I'll be fine!" Mycroft replied, giving Greg the finger.
"Impostor syndrome is a hell of a thing, and let me tell you that
"Against medical recommendation?" Sherlock asked with a questioning raise of his eyebrow.
"Then how will I get home?" Mary protested.
I already have the next story written, it just needs to be typed up. I don't know how long it is, so it might be in chapters, it might not. I like to write at work but due to some absolutely silly rules, I can't have paper at my desk. Which means that stories that require a shit ton of notes (fusions like this story in particular) can't be worked at anywhere but home. Which has its own distractions, like the sweetest little boy who just turned 6. So I write up headcannons for other shows like "Lucifer" and "Good Omens". Or story ideas that I would love to write. Or in this case a whole story which got completely out of hand and I finished it.
Greg looked around at the other stalls and shrugged, "I know my way around horses."
"I figure we would take a light lunch out on the veranda and then retire to my study to go over your manuscript," Mycroft said, leading John into the house, the PA following close behind.
"I didn't want to do this, but with your clear lack of respect for the rules, I'm going to have to fire you. Grab your things and go. You can pick up your last check on Friday," Barbara said, with a sigh.
Sherlock practically ripped the folder from Mike's hand and began devouring the details.
John rushed over. "Hey! What happened,
"It's fine," John said.
"Oh?" Divya asked with a smile. "I would have thought that you would have wanted them to stay considering the googly-eyes that you've been making at that dishy detective."
John choked on the swallow of beer that he had been drinking, his eyes wide.
"Do not forget me, Do not forget me, think of me still..." she sang, swaying back and forth.
"You'll lose," Sherlock said with a grin.
Mrs Hudson came in and twittered at John. "I knew it would happen eventually."
"What if it was my fault?" he asked quietly. There was a huge uproar from the other men.
Sherlock shook his head, "The windows are well insulated and the rest of room is sound absorbent. My grandfather wanted the library to be a place of quiet contemplation and study. During rainstorms as a child, I'd hide out in here until they blew over."
"Oi!" Anderson bellowed. "What the hell do you think you were doing out there today? How the hell do you expect me to do my job, with you running about like a fucking gazelle? Huh? It's my job to make sure that we catch your little deduction bullshitting, or whatever the hell it is you do."
He went to get the kilt first, folded carefully at the top of John's bag. He'd packed it himself, sure that John would try to leave at at home. He draped it over his arm, the softness of the wool again a surprise. He couldn't stop expecting it to be scratchy and rough, but it was butter soft and rustled as softly as butterfly wings. In the kitchen, he poured John another half glass of Glenlivet, tossed in some ice, and returned to the sitting room.
He hurt, from his skin to his bones, he ached with the pain of just being alive. He had no time to be polite.
The National: https://play.spotify.com/album/2JhR4tjuc3MIKa8v2JaKze/6gf7WF9nXNON9HdNtrdEDq
, Watson often admonished me when I was in a mood such as this one, the insult usually followed by a bruisingly hard kiss meant to redirect my energies into more enjoyable pastimes.
“Get me another beer, love?”
"But you found me distracting." John smoothes the curl, then tucks it behind Sherlock's ear, which is something he's been wanting to do for five years.
“Shove off, you great lump. You weigh about a million pounds.” His voice is muffled and thick, but Sherlock can hear the smile in it.
Hours later, John cards his fingers through Sherlock’s hair as Sherlock snuffles softly against his thighs. He’s not in the least tired, though it’s past midnight. The curtains are parted, a sliver of black sky visible above the rooftops across the street. The orb of a streetlamp glows hummingly in the lower corner of the window. John feels attuned to all of it; the London night, the smell of Sherlock’s shampooed hair, that one damned spring in the sofa that always pokes him in the arse. The world feels different again, just as it did that first night. He feels reborn, forty years younger, ready for anything, as long as Sherlock's by his side.
Fair enough.
Lily’s just begun telling the story of her father’s latest successful capture of wizard wanted for experimentation on Muggles, when the train lurches suddenly into motion.
John pushes Sherlock’s head up, nibbles down his jaw. “Tell me what, baby?”
Sherlock smiled around John's thumb, feeling him shiver, his breath quicken. He sucked a little, swirled his tongue around his first knuckle and licked broadly at the second, hollowing his cheeks. John's mouth was suddenly against his throat, sucking and biting, licking up to his jaw and dragging down to his mouth, dislodging his thumb and replacing it with his tongue. Sherlock's arms instinctively circled round John's neck as he reciprocated, tracing the inside of John's mouth with the tip of his tongue. John groaned and turned without breaking the kiss, lowering himself over Sherlock's outstretched legs.
do not want to hurt you or take advantage or do something that makes you uncomfortable that I can’t take back. And, uh, I don’t think we’ve really even, um, scratched the surface of the whole - I never really explained to you about the prost -- well, you know.”
“Yes?”
Sherlock passes over the towel, looking dejected and miserable. He looks up at John with wide eyes, his lower lip caught in his teeth. “Are you very disappointed in me? I know you would be so bored without the work. I mean, we don’t have to stop entirely, just maybe take fewer -”
“Alright. I’ll be right back with that, boys.” He gave them a tight smile and limped away. Injured. Ex-cop, then. Had the option for a desk job and couldn’t stand it.
"I didn't mean to exclude you, John. I simply thought I would take care of some of the initial..."
“Three,” he chokes out, his open mouth rubbing all over John’s lips, John’s cheeks, John’s jaw, as he jerks John off in the scant space between their bodies, his forearm cramping over top of John’s forearm between his legs. They’re all tangled up, just how they’re meant to be.
"Mmmm." Sherlock stops licking at John's fingers long enough to say, "Yes, of course."
been exhausted.
“Yes.” It had rolled off his tongue before he even knew he’d decided anything.
what Sherlock wants and what he likes, because he can’t remember anyone else he’s slept with ever having done that.
Molly shakes her head and sticks out her tongue, long amber coloured braids bouncing against her shoulders, “Well. You enjoy that. I’m going to go ahead to the platform, see if I can find Mike or anyone. See you on the train, Sherlock!”
He’s working for an organised crime syndicate out of Fargo, ND. I don’t know what his role is. M
My manner changed abruptly, slipping from the quiet seductor back into my normal self, and flashed him a victorious grin. I wiggled my eyebrows at him, then ducked quickly into the kitchen. His amused laughter followed me down the short hallway to our bedroom, where it took me only a few seconds to locate the tin of petroleum jelly that we kept well hidden in the wardrobe. We had to be quite careful buying it, so as not to raise suspicions about our private activities. While purchasing petroleum jelly was not in and of itself suspicious, we were fairly well known as two bachelors who had lived together for over a decade, and we could not risk the gossip.
. I want you to come for me." John fucks him harder, breathless and nearly overcome with his own pleasure, "I know you want to, you've been begging for it. Give it to me."
John looks vaguely affronted, though mostly amused. “Oh
After. After Jim, he won't. Ever again.
"Sherlock...oh god." John's hands on his hips, fingers digging into bone, and it's still not hard enough. Sherlock needs him at a molecular level. He wants them fused, one person.
“Keep still,” John whispers, and licks at the slit, letting Sherlock see his tongue - flat and pink and
Sherlock pulls his pants off and straightens up. He’s still soft. John notices, looks down at his cock and then up to his face. There’s nothing forgiving in those stormy eyes.
reassuring." Sherlock gets up, floorboards creaking as he walks toward the kitchen and back to his chair. "Can you at least look at me, John?"
“I can’t help it.” Sherlock mumbles through a mouth full of biscuit.
“If you want. We don’t
He was absolutely beautiful, and my heart ached at the sight of him. I wanted nothing more than to fall to my knees and lay my head against his stomach, to feel the rise and fall of his breath against my cheek. I lowered myself gently to the carpet.
“He just leaves that there?”
John knows why. Same reason it's always been.
"Yes, god, go get the bags. You need a hand?" John's voice was rough as he turned away.
a shit thing to say, but I don't know why I got so - I totally overreacted. Ignore me. I just need more beer, and I'll be fine. Just some more beer."
“I do. I’ve always known them. Even before - everything. Now it's elevated, it's enhanced by this, what we do. You tell me I've got you, and I believe it. I don't have to do anything. I can just be, and I know you I know you've got me, always." Sherlock breathes out in a rush.
The only reason Sherlock hadn't openly contacted him is because he was still outside the distinctly long arm of Mycroft's influence, and both he and John would be almost immediately targeted if they had traceable contact.
Sherlock sniffs, smirking. “What, are we friends now?”
Sherlock is waiting for it. His eyes watchful and eager, Adam's apple moving as he swallows hard in anticipation.
“Where did you get this? I found it in your things from the hospital.” John crosses the room and sinks down next to Sherlock on the sofa, placing what he’s been holding in Sherlock’s blanket covered lap.
"I missed you terribly, too."
, until he has to blink back hot tears. John’s touching him everywhere, running his hands over his thighs and his chest, pressing thumbs into the hollows of his hips.
Instead, he was thousands of miles from home, half starved all the time and under constant threat of death from everyone left alive in Moriarty’s network. Alone. Incessantly alone. He thought he'd liked being alone, always considered himself a solitary person. People were tedious, annoying, stupid.
“Good.” John mouths at Sherlock’s neck, drags his lips over his collarbone. “Little bruise here. I’m sorry if I hurt you.”
“Sorry I’m late. I know you’ve been waiting forever.” He pulls his hat off and ruffles his fingers through his hair. He grins and pauses, catching his bottom lip in his teeth, cocking an eyebrow at John. “Worth the wait?”
The collar of his tee shirt was stretched, loose, showing the lovely hollow at where his collarbone met his neck. John’s neck was so thick and strong, just this side of incongruous with his small body, his thin hips and slender legs, his perfectly small hands. One of those hands was resting atop the blankets, fingers curled into his palm. Sherlock loved those hands, loved how steady and sure they were holding a gun, or examining a body, loved how gentle they were against his face or twirling a lock of his hair, loved the reverence with which they moved over his body, and their urgency when they were inside him. He loved to watch the precision with which John held a coffee mug, or turned a key in a door. They were the hands of a doctor and a soldier, simultaneously strong and delicate.
“Goddammit, John.”
“It’s coming the fuck
Then, with a flurry of movement so quick that Sherlock's eyes can't find something to focus on, Jim's leaping off the sofa, clearing the coffee table and pinning Sherlock against the wall by his throat.
The tight coil of tension in Sherlock’s stomach starts to unwind slowly. He realises he’s been clenching his teeth - they ache. He smiles back. “Yes. Is that okay?”
John kissed the soft flesh of Sherlock's flank, and abruptly stood up. "Sorry, sweetheart. Forgot something rather important. Don't move. I'll be back in a tick."
him like this. Such a simple thing, but Sherlock wants to
He double checks that he still has Lestrade's card in his pocket, the edges of it worn oily smooth by his constant rubbing of it. He checks his money, enough to buy a burner phone in an all night Sainsbury's, and flips through the steps of his plan in his mind like going through an old fashioned Roladex. So many variables he can't account for, so many ways this could go so badly.
John drapes his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and leans back, arches a disbelieving eyebrow at him. “Sherlock. You told my neurologist that your brother could have his family deported.”
John’s breath catches in his throat at the callback to their first night together, which even at the time felt life changing. It was one of those rare moments John could point to in his life where he
, down to his bones. He can’t
John huffed a laugh. He kissed my chest and stepped back. “Shall I get it, then?”
Sherlock is looking at him like he’s in pain, and John kisses his mouth, which is wobbling, and his eyes, which are tearing up, and his blushing cheeks, and finally Sherlock wraps his hands around the back of John’s neck and murmurs, “You love me.”
He hurried to catch up, falling in step beside John and threading their fingers together as they crossed the dew-slippery grass. John’s palm was warm and smooth against his own icy one. Sherlock tightened his grip, just a quick squeeze of flesh and bone, their knuckles bumping. John’s eyes flicked up to meet Sherlock’s and he smiled knowingly.
His mouth ticked to the side, a nervous thinking habit that Sherlock had always commented on.
There's a beat of silence. Then Sherlock sighs resignedly. "I cannot force you, of course. Though I confess I'm not entirely sure what
"I'll go get us some takeaway coffees, and we can discuss the case at home. Alright?"
“John. What are you doing? Is everything alright?”
“You didn’t have to do that.” John murmurs, pleased and surprised, and crouches down immediately to unzip the bag. He pulls out a thick oatmeal coloured cable knit jumper and grimaces. “I hate this jumper.”
I opened my eyes, watching John as he watched me, his eyes dark, heavy with desire, the tip of his tongue caught between the ridges of his teeth. He reminded me of a predatory animal, quiet and coiled, ready to spring. I leaned forward, the whole of my body drawn into his sphere as the moon is to the earth, and braced myself against his sturdy chest with bent arms. My hands naturally came to rest against the sides of his face, and I stroked the roughness of his early evening stubble. He tipped his chin up invitingly and I lowered my face to his, not quite kissing him, but just rubbing our open mouths together. He huffed a harsh breath and licked soft and slow at the inside of my upper lip.
“I know. I know, Sherlock. It’s okay. Just relax. It’s just me.”  John hooks two fingers around him and moves just enough to make Sherlock’s breath catch. “Just me and you. Who knows you better than I do?”
“Alright?” John scraped his teeth along the swell of my arse, flicking his tongue against my overheated skin. His finger within me stilled.
“Right.” John glugged his coffee down. “Are we done, then?”
Molly Hooper is standing next to him, her eyes merry, her brown hair done up in a messy bun on top of her head. Rose, and Sherlock’s dorm mate Mike Stamford, are hovering by the barrel that serves as the door to the Hufflepuff dormitory. Mike’s chubby and always smiling, excellent at Herbology and rubbish at nearly everything else, but Sherlock’s always liked him. They get on easily, and Mike never seems bothered by Sherlock’s moodiness.
"I told you. I'm home, for real. I'm all in, Sherlock.
“Ha, minion. No. Just...uh...I don’t know what to call me really. I just know him, and we uh...got into some trouble, together, well, he got me into trouble and then got me out of some trouble...but now it’s...I better tell you when you get here.” John could almost hear the guy squirming.
John’s hands are on his wrists now, pushing his arms above his head and holding them there. He instinctively pushes back, and John’s fingers tighten momentarily and then relax.
His eyes flitted open at my words, and he blinked several times before he was able to focus on my face. When he did, his pleasure at my return was evident as he reached immediately down to cradle my jaw in his sleep-warm hand. His smile grew ever larger, his eyes twinkling.
"Yeah?"
.” Sherlock husks out with his teeth at John’s neck, and he stiffens, nails digging sharply into John’s skin. John feels the wet heat rushing into him and then out, trickling down the insides of his thighs as Sherlock pulls out and leans his weight against John’s back, gasping.
He didn’t have the guts to do it himself. He’d proved that. So many nights, perched on the edge of Sherlock’s bed, surrounded by his things, his smell, the memory of him pervading every crack in the floor and fiber in the bedsheets. The gun laying heavy in his hands, tears dripping off his chin and splashing against the metal.
him. He doesn’t even care anymore if this is only a hallucination, he wants this. He wants this every night,
Sherlock stumbles them over to the bed, John clinging to his shoulders, and they fall in a tangle onto the bottom bunk, crisp white sheets still made up army tight under them. Sherlock’s pulling at the buttons on John’s shirt, John whinging, sweat beading in his upper lip even in the cool room, trying to tug Sherlock’s tee shirt over his head, kissing sloppily on the sides of their mouths, the heat between them rising until Sherlock can’t breathe, he can't
“Oh, god, Sherlock,” John husked out, his body in the state of constant motion that always signaled he was close - his hands scrabbling at the bedsheets, the headboard, running over his own torso and face, his toes curling and uncurling into the turned back blankets, hips trying to arch and buck even as Sherlock did his best to hold him still.
Sherlock held the cab door open, and John slid in, his jeans catching briefly on ripped vinyl upholstry. They assumed their customary positions, both of them looking out their respective windows. It was such a simple moment, it shouldn't have meant anything really. Somehow it meant
“Well. Fancy another coffee? I know a great Italian place in Piccadilly. Bit more...um...”
By the time they reach Hogwarts, the sky has gone inky black, the stars scattered pinpricks of white. The soaring steeples and arches of the castle shimmer in the distance, surrounded by the ring of towering trees that form the border of the Forbidden Forest.
Sherlock laves at his throat, dragging his tongue roughly over his Adam’s apple, pressing into the hollow of his jaw, sucking warm raspberry flavoured skin between his teeth. The vague grit of glitter spreads across his palate as he trails his tongue down to circle around one pink nipple. John shivers against him, and twists his fingers in his hair.
“Sir? Sir, where are you going? You can’t just roam the unit. Are you looking for someone?” One of the bored nurses steps from behind the counter, approaches him.
“Alright?”
There’s a sudden fluttering of eyelashes against John’s, and he opens his eyes as Sherlock’s head shifts to the side. The only things he can see are the soft wave of Sherlock’s curls against his temple, and the out of focus edge of his nose as Sherlock -
.” Heat suffuses through him, his eyes rolling back, belly tightening with desire. His hips push up instinctively, rutting clumsily into John’s hand. “
best mate, crossing the crowded street and heading straight towards him. He immediately averts his eyes when he notices Sherlock and changes course, swerving to the left and looking down at the pavement as he passes him.
"Mmm," Sherlock hums, licking at his own lips and clumsily at John's face, and scratches his fingernails up over John's rib cage.
"Three, yeah." John nodded, and downed half the pint in one long draught. Fuck it, why not. Sherlock would be busy all night, Molly was assisting him. Why shouldn't he have fun with his teammates? He pulled out his wallet and tried to convince himself he was having fun. "I'll buy the next round."
It’s like nothing -
"Oh god you're hopeless." John laughs and sits up again. He can't seem to stay still, excess energy making him tap his fingers all over the mattress and wriggle his hips, which are now settling on the backs of Sherlock's thighs, "You don't even know what band this is, do you?"
Little consolation knowing these things when Jim is out there, when no place feels safe. Little consolation in a life so full of exhausting and frightening moments; in a neverending search for clean needles and safe places to sleep, knives slashing in the dark, digging through bins for half drunk Costa's cups and half smoked cigarettes, blood and vomit and terror and always being on the edge of something dangerously dark and bigger than himself.
“Boyfriend.” John said it so quickly that he talked over the end of the doctor’s sentence. He caught Sherlock’s eye, his own changeable ones indigo and flashing.
He knew they
John doesn't know what to say. He's lost. Lost for words, lost for Sherlock, lost in himself. The most natural thing seems to just say, "I'm so sorry. I'm not ashamed. I'm not."
"Yes, a very long time. I think it's the most effective solution. For us. Because of how we are. Men who need externally imposed limits, because we don’t give ourselves any."
“I'm home." Sherlock brushed his fingers along John’s hairline. “Go to sleep.”
I have never seen anything in my life as mesmerising as John Watson when he is aroused; his normally indigo eyes deepened to the darkest shade of blue, the colour of the most unknown oceanic depths, changeable and unpredictable; the veins on his arms ropey and protruding; his torso flushed to the navel, the golden hairs that dust his muscular body shimmering with perspiration. He is a specimen of manliness. Yet somehow, he is also gentled; the soft upward curve of his mouth, the sweet intonation of his voice as he speaks to me, the tender care with with he caresses my body. He is both commanding and pliant, both rough and kind. He is a compassionate lover, taking as much care with, and joy in, my pleasure as he does his own.
“Definitely. I’d end up back in hospital. We wouldn’t want those poor doctors to have to endure another round of righteous anger from Sherlock Holmes. I think you nearly broke them last time.” John closes his mouth around Sherlock’s earlobe and tugs, flicks at it with the tip of his tongue.
“That goes for you as well, John. Part of what I like, what makes me submissive to you, is that you come first. What you need. What you want. So if what you want is to not be dominant, if what you want is for me to take control and let you rest for a bit, I want to give that to you. Even if it's difficult for me sometimes.” Sherlock kissed him, just a sweet sleepy press of lips.
“I’d noticed.”
“Bit late for that, isn’t it, love?” John sounds drunk, his words slurred, his throat dry.
“We are idiots. Full stop.” John shakes his head and wipes at Sherlock’s tear stained cheeks with his fingertips.
tell me to calm down.” Sherlock points a long shaking finger at him. “I have failed to solve a case for the first time, and it’s because you made me leave. This is
a difference, but. I both love you and am horrifically, helplessly, and some other word I can’t think of right now, in love with you. I’m so in love with you I can’t stand it sometimes.” John isn’t good at this kind of thing, and words begin to fail him, so he just pulls Sherlock’s huge knobbly knuckled hands up to his mouth and kisses them. “Okay?”
John listened to the steady thump of Sherlock's heart next to his ear, the coursing of all that blood. "Sherlock?"
“Hey, Rose.” Sherlock finds himself naturally falling into step behind her, following her up to the entrance of the nearest car.
“We will.” He almost believes it. He presses tiny apologies to John’s bare skin with his mouth, and John’s arms go so tight around his neck that he lifts himself up off the floor until he's on his tiptoes.
They’d been let loose, obviously, and they were tearing John apart.
Sherlock is curled in his chair when John comes into the flat, scrubbing one large hand across the back of his head. He always looks impossibly tiny when he's in his thinking position. Delicate. Fragile. John knows he is fragile in so many ways. John's always been worried about breaking him, of asking too much. Asking him to open himself too much.
“Same, thank you.” His eyes never left John.
John purses his mouth, eyebrows raised, his eyes dancing with amusement. “I guess I’ll have to work a little harder, then. Tough crowd.”
He did not rush me, but allowed me to slowly drag my lips over his quivering thighs, to linger in all my favourite places and kiss him here the way I would kiss his mouth - lingering and worshipful and wet. I felt like a supplicant at prayer, looking for salvation between his legs. My knees were wedged in the scant space between the chair and the bare wooden floorboards, sweat pouring between my shoulder blades as the fire roared behind me.
“It’s got your initials on it. Look. There.” John turns the pipe over, points to the bottom.
They didn’t answer. John lit a cigarette, his hands shaking so badly he almost dropped it into the snow. It could not be. You don’t even like crisps.
As soon as Sherlock curls up and then thumps back hard onto the bed, crying out with a throaty moan and spurting creamy white translucent between John’s fingers, John gives in to his need for as many points of their bodies as possible to be touching. He presses down so they're chest to chest, slips his legs on either side of Sherlock's trembling ones, nuzzling animalistically at Sherlock’s neck and rutting against his hip. Sherlock turns his head, mouths wet across John’s forehead and clamps a possessive hand hard on John’s right arse cheek.
"Not even a chance. I'm sorry for Mike though. There." John's second boot fell to the floor with a thump, and Sherlock absently rubbed the arch of John's socked foot with his thumb.
Molly isn’t stupid. A flicker of suspicion lights her eyes, but then she smiles and nods, lifting the chessboard off the floor and putting it on the little chest beside the hearth. “Alright. After breakfast. Night, Sherlock.”
Sherlock shivers, murmurs, "Good."
, and it's going to be alright." John strokes him harder, inches forward so they're pressed together from shoulder to hip, and buries his face in Sherlock's neck. He opens his mouth and licks, pulls skin between his teeth and sucks. "
“Go ahead. I want to feel you come while I’m inside you.” Just the thought of it nearly pushes him over the edge, a delicious tingle crawling up his belly and down his thighs.
“Brilliant. Still need your contact information.” Ginger’s radio crackled to life, the voice indecipherable to Sherlock. He held up one finger to them as he listened.
“We know.” Even John slipped a little there, half a laugh escaping into his voice before he could stop it.
“It’s alright, John, you don’t have to.” Sherlock interjects, hating the pain in John’s voice.
The bedside clock blinks blue. Time to go.
“Can I have one?” Sherlock firmly closed the hallway door, and sank into the chair beside the bed.
Winter sunlight drifts down through the part in the curtains, wavering and cool, caressing the back of John's golden hair with silver. The radiator under the window has been broken for a week now, never shuts off, making the bedroom July hot. The windows are cracked just enough to let a thin stream of cool air in, but the panes are steamy, the heat of the room a strange juxtaposition with the wintry light and white sky outside.
John’s fingers contracted against his back. “I know you do. I love you, too.”
Often, it just had to be himself. He lost count of how many nights he’d disappeared into the alley behind Baker Street and just punched the brick wall until he knew he had hairline fractures in his knuckles, until there was blood splattered all over his clothes. Until he was crying with relief, the pain cracking him open enough that he could feel alive for a few moments.
There's a rumble in his stomach, a sharp contraction, and his shoulders heave. He can't stop it. Leans forward and throws up all over the floor, all over his shoes, the cuffs of his jeans. Vomit dripping out of his nose, hunched over with his hands braced on his knees.
"Yes, I'm coming." John opens the door. Sherlock's standing there, his eyes dark in the dim hallway light, his hair haloed around his head the way it gets when he's had his fingers in it too much, a slight stain of red wine on his lips. He looks beautiful. The words are out of John's mouth before he can stop them. "You look lovely. Oh. I'm sorry. I probably shouldn't have. Not yet."
“You weren’t
"I think I would too. Tramp around in the heather with you. My rugged Scotsman." Sherlock squeezed John's shoulder, trying to be comforting.
John mouthed wet kisses over Sherlock’s neck, his stubble beautifully rough under Sherlock’s jaw as the kilt brushed devastatingly lightly against the soft hairs on his thighs. John laid his cheek against Sherlock’s chest as he opened the bottle of lube and tipped it out onto his fingers. Anticipation knotted low in Sherlock’s belly, his entire body quivering as John stroked the insides of his thighs and trailed his slick fingers along the crease of Sherlock’s arse. Sherlock let his legs fall open so the outsides of his thighs lay flush against the floor.
John gets the hint, scrambles back to kneel between Sherlock's legs and tear the box of condoms open. His need is urgent and close now, John's blood coursing through him lava hot, the most primal part of his brain and body taking over.
. John, oh my god. I love you.” Sherlock grinds his head back into the pillow, his fingers in a vice grip on John's shoulder.
They move in perfect sync, a shiver of breath over goosebumped flesh giving way to the gentle roll of hips, the rustle of flannel hitting the bare floor, the whisper of skin against skin. John turns them on their sides, Sherlock’s warm naked body cradled in his arms. He peppers Sherlock’s neck and shoulders with kisses as Sherlock undulates and whimpers, digs his fingers into the soft skin above John's hip and rocks gently against him. Sherlock smells like bourbon and peppermints, wool and cold air and vaguely of that diesel smell that lingers in tube stations.
John’s sleepy smile deepened at the corners, his rarely seen dimples making a brief appearance as Sherlock reached over him to turn out the bedside light.
. Where the fuck was he when Moriarty was destroying our lives the first time? Where was he when I was falling apart?” John grinds his teeth and takes a heavy draught of his beer, self aware enough to understand that all this anger isn’t entirely for Mycroft. He’s angry with himself, too. Furious, actually. For allowing all this, for bringing himself to the brink of destruction and dragging Sherlock down into it.
Sherlock bucks up as John’s fingers close around his erection through his trousers. The bruise on his neck is blossoming purple and red, blood spreading hot under his skin.
Both Sherlock and Pearl Nygaard had ended up with bashed in skulls, bleeding out onto concrete, brain matter spattered around them. Both at the hands of the men who loved them, had sworn to keep them safe. John was no less at fault than Lester.
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open and then settled into an stupefied grin. He ran his hands flat against John’s thighs and knelt up so their faces were inches apart. His breath smelled of coffee and cinnamon. “John Watson, you
John tilted his head to the side, eyes skyward. His mouth ticked to the side in a half smile as he listened. “Jesus Christ. Even when we’re on bloody holiday.”
It had to.
John moans into his mouth and shivers, pops both buttons on Sherlock’s pants. “Get these
John shook his head when Sherlock slipped the red notebook quietly out of his pocket to record that last bout of laughter, and slid his chair back. “I’m just going to pop to the loo while you’re paying the check, and then we can head home.” He bent over the back of Sherlock’s chair as he rounded the table, the beard prickly on Sherlock’s ear, “My rugby socks from uni are in the bedroom closet. Just...you know...if you were interested sometime.”
“So you think these people are all dead?”
"I, ah, also had some rearranging done. I asked Mrs Hudson if she could -- Just a little. Just your clothes, really. Oh, and I think she had the neighbours move your side table down from your old room."
Sherlock tries to shake his head, and John isn't sure whether it's apology or not, but he doesn't allow Sherlock's mouth to move away from his long enough to find out. Sherlock makes a noise that's somewhere between a sob and a laugh, and it reverberates through John's lips and tongue and down his throat, and he can almost
. We're barely even hidden." Sherlock hums against John's ear.
John arcs an eyebrow, grins, takes a sip of his coffee. He's the only person sitting at the small scrubby tables outside Speedy's. It's cold, no one wants to take their coffee outside. Sherlock still hasn't seen him.
