not just a crush.  I would like to note though, I would very much like to have sex with him too.” The words come out almost too fast, but judging by the way Rhodey starts coughing he definitely heard what Tony said. It takes him a moment to recover, but when he does he fixes Tony with a look that's so knowing it's almost painful.
“Tony! Tony don't, c'mon snap outta it.” Steve's blue, blue eyes swim into focus, and the water draws back far enough that he can breathe again.
Tony smiled over at him while they buckled into their seats before lift-off.  He very apologetically spent the majority of the flight alternating between his laptop and calls for work.  Steve used the time to sketch, he drew Tony, a phone against his ear, leaning against one of the plane’s circular windows.  The flight was short, and Steve marveled at how quiet the cabin was.  Even the most luxurious planes back in the forties would have seemed like buckets of bolts compared to Tony’s sleek, efficient jet.
“Good morning, sleep well?” Steve murmurs, kissing the top of his head a few times until Tony shifts around to stare down at him with one open eye.
“Do you know why he would be targeting you now?” Natasha asks carefully, as though she's afraid Tony will spook, maybe go running off before telling them something important, but Tony just squares his shoulders, meeting her eyes dead on.
Oh.  Oh wow.  Steve had seen something like that before, long ago in an eight-pager.  Bonding was a sacred thing, the deepest connection lovers could have with each other.  So of course, as with anything sacred, there had been a whole lot of obscene art dedicated to it.  He’d seen pin-ups too, art of flirty omegas and sometimes betas hiking up their skirts or in tiny briefs with sparkling gems high up on their thighs and precious metal around their waists.  He had never seen this particular piece of jewelry in person though, metal was scarce during parts of the war, and even before then, such fine things were far too expensive for Steve to ever had laid eyes on them.  Steve imagined Tony  like that, wearing such a thing for him, and had to force himself to swallow.  It was terribly presumptuous of course, that even if someway, somehow Steve got to courting Tony, that even then he would wear a gift like that.  Especially if he was an alpha, as Steve thought he might be, but-Steve reached out and touched over the shining metal.  It was beautiful, really, he wondered if maybe he himself could pull it off, or if maybe that would be too strange.
The tracks wind through the beautiful scenery of the Great Smoky Mountains. Steve would be more inclined to appreciate a hike, but that's neither here nor there. People have been losing things along this path for weeks-watches, laptops, packs of batteries. It all seemed rather benign-Thor suggested fae folk, Steve smiles at the memory-but just recently an entire train full of people went missing. They appeared back in town days later, speaking of a strange creature
“Jan said I'd get kisses from my fella if I stopped. That true mister Stark?” Steve asks, peeling one hand from the wall to grab Tony's chin and tip his head back with that same careful strength he always uses when touching him. Tony nods emphatically, throwing his arms around Steve's neck and going up on his toes; an action soon rendered obsolete when Steve reaches down and picks him up by the thighs to hold him up against the wall. If he was half hard before, it's nothing compared to what he feels when that effortless strength is so clearly on display. Forget not being offended by Steve manhandling him-he's so far past not offended it's not even in the same stratosphere.
“Not really. Just kind of pressure, and an awareness that it's there.” It's a monumental understatement. Some nights he can't get comfortable. Some nights his chest burns with phantom pain so intense every breath rattles in his chest as if it could be his last. Some nights he can still feel Yinsen's hand in his chest, on worse nights it's Obie-Stane's. Steve doesn't need that knowledge though. Tony thinks Steve might know he's being bullshitted, but he doesn't call him on the lie; just kissing over his knuckles again, blue eyes boring into his brown across the table.
“JARVIS belay that, no pictures of me naked.” Steve laughs, shooting Tony an indulgent grin as he finishes tucking corners in and making the bed up to his liking.
“You can still say no, say the word, I will have the doors opened, and you may go.”  He said it with such finality, such conviction that Steve felt that sort of recklessness and certainty he always did when standing up for something that might get him a fractured rib or two.
The next night Iron man comes down to spar with him. It's exhilarating to be able to toss someone around and not really worry about hurting them. Within an hour they've attracted other Avengers who each take turns tumbling around the room with him. It's hours before they all leave, but Steve finally sleeps. JARVIS'
Steve snorts, stepping closer, hands still behind his back. The broad line of his shoulders hides the bouquet, but Steve knows it's there just ready to either make things very good or exceedingly awkward depending on how this goes.
“It's James, James Buchanan Barnes.”  His shoulders are rounded down in contrition, but his voice is steady, with a snap of fierceness behind it that Steve admires already.
The walk to his room is lonely, but he feels Tony's gaze follow him down the hall. He doesn't turn to look, that way lies madness. Madness and possibly picking Tony up and having him against the wall. Steve flushes probably down to his toes at the thought. He doesn't know if Tony would even
“Come in, door’s unlocked.” He called, looking up when the door swung open to reveal Tony in one of his swanky suits, looking over caffeinated and bright eyed.
Steve whimpers when Tony slides down his body to swallow his cock down effortlessly, and pushes clever fingers inside him. It's all gasping pleasure and the hot thrill of sensation as Tony takes him apart again; the glitter of his eyes is full of pride, but later he snuggles close and presses their lips together in tender kisses that make Steve flush down to his toes to taste himself on Tony's mouth.
for someone to sit with him in this huge empty room. There's ice behind his eyes when he squeezes them shut, burying his face in the cool cotton of his pillow.
Steve eats two funnel cakes while they walk around the carnival searching for something apparently worthy of Tony. Steve is clearly on a self assigned mission of some sort. Tony has no idea what they're searching for, but he still follows along, curious as to what Steve will end up settling on, and more than a little charmed by the idea that even right after a battle Steve's first thoughts were of him. There's powdered sugar on his bottom lip, and Tony's mouth is cold from drinking his milkshake. He thinks the two flavors would go together well, but he doubts Steve would appreciate having the helmet mashed against his face-not to mention the whole secret identity thing. Getting punched in the face by a pissed off Captain America even while in full armor is definitely not on Tony's bucket list.
“Give up yet?” He asks, after the fourth time Tony hits the mats. Fierce brown eyes stare up at him, and Tony shakes his head.
He blazes bright in the darkness always, but there is something in his eyes today, something raw and hopeless, and terrible. Steve watches his soulmate sink down into that swirling frigid water. He wants to drag him out, to hold him and plead with him, but he can only call to him, desperation clogging up his throat and making his voice hoarse.
Tony nods, swaying close when Steve cups his elbows to draw him in.  “Goodnight Cap, no more punching bags tonight.”
“Nay!”  Thor bellowed, throwing his hammer at the same time Steve threw his shield.  “I bear no love for Enchantress and her evil ways!”
“You're one of the most trustworthy people I know. I put my life in your hands when we fight, when I let you carry me around with your fancy rockets. Why wouldn't I trust you for this?” Steve tries to put every ounce of his sincerity into the statement. He needs Iron Man to know that this is okay, that there's no one else he would have more faith in to make things right.  “Something tells me you know more about doing this sort of thing than I really want to think about.” He adds, when the hand on his shoulder stills, Iron Man going quiet over the comms. Steve has a feeling there's a lot of swearing going on behind the faceplate.
“Shit,” Moving just seems to be self punishment at this point. Tony wraps his arm around his chest, hunching over his knees and trying to breathe. Turns out getting your chest stomped on when your lung function is already compromised makes for some very un-fun times. Tony is uncomfortably familiar with the sensation, but that doesn't make it any easier to deal with.
“Verily Thor, it is. Now how about we start baking?” Tony answers with a wide smile.  Clint looks absolutely joyous at the prospect of homemade holiday cookies. His enthusiasm is infectious, as are the carols JARVIS helpfully streams through his many speakers. By the end the kitchen is an absolute wreck, but it's worth it for the giant plates of cookies lining almost every surface of the breakfast room. To the surprise of no one, Sam is great at cookie decoration, Hulk being fantastic at it however-that does come as a shock. He lovingly recreates Santa's reindeer, sleigh, and the jolly man himself in gingerbread.
In the morning he wakes on his back with Tony sprawled across his chest. Somewhere in the jet he hear Natasha and Clint bickering. He's never slept through the team moving around, always up and alert the moment one of them wakes-but not this morning. Steve is often cold, even if he knows it's probably all in his head, but he's warm this morning with Tony laying atop him radiating heat.
They stay like that, wrapped together on the gently swaying floor of the limo until Happy pulls into the mansion's garage. Only then does Tony disentangle himself, giving a brief thought to the drink he spilled all over the place, but there's not much to be done for it now. Happy always sends cars off to be detailed after
“So much suspense Steven, now you've made me curious.” This doesn't seem like a precursor to an 'it's not you, it's me' speech, so Tony keeps his cool, curiosity winning over panic for the time being. Steve ducks his head, turning so they're half facing each-other. Their knees touch, Steve leaning in to press a fleeting kiss against Tony's lips. A soft sigh escapes him when Steve pulls back.
At first there is nothing but darkness, but, Steve does not die; trapped in the ice, he dreams. He dreams of a world passing him by, he dreams of his mother teaching him to dance in the low flickering oily lighting of their lower east side apartment. He remembers their half torn lace curtains fluttering in the evening breeze even now. The tinny strains of music floating around the room as she tried to teach him how to spin his dance partner. Those are good dreams, but most often he dreams of snow, and frost, of seeing his breath leave ice crystals suspended in the air. He dreams of harsh winters, curled in his bed shaking, he dreams of starting a fire for his half-frozen men far behind enemy lines. The cold has always been a cruel thing, fingers like knives beneath a threadbare shirt. Here, floating in the dark it only seems crueler, when his awareness surfaces enough for him to feel it.
“Uh.” So intent, Steve is looking at him so intently. Tony licks his lips, brain working both at the speed of light, and with the slowness of molasses.  “I uh...I need back support?” Tony's fucking tired language centers are fired. Or maybe not. Steve smiles like Tony's given him a puppy or something equally amazing, then pulls him close, effectively seating Tony on his lap. He wraps Tony up in his ridiculous arms and tucks Tony's head under his chin. His brain computes something that's probably just a series of exclamation points. Wow. Steve's lap is-really solid.
Zemo had goons all over the island, but they were clearly not expecting company. He found the first group of them playing cards around a fire. Even in the semi darkness of early dawn, rut and the serum made them all but glow to his eyes. On another day, another time, with different villains he might have made his presence known, made it a fair fight, but this was different. He didn’t owe any respect to the kind of people who would ally themselves with someone like Zemo. Still, he didn’t kill them, standing over their unconscious forms, he was certain the concussions would be deterrent enough. Besides, given the opportunity to raise the alarm, he was certain Zemo might turn tail. For all his bluster and talk of his superiority, the man was a coward at heart.
The lab is just as he left it, and suddenly Tony wants to be anything but alone. The armor sheds off of him in a wave, disappearing back beneath the floor. Tony takes a moment to brush his hair into a semblance of order, and to make the attempt at smoothing his rumpled clothing. The tag is warm against his chest, and Tony reaches up to clutch at it beneath his shirt.
“I'm alright, need to find my shield.” Steve reminds him, without it he's starting to feel a little exposed.  Iron Man nods, climbing to his feet and helping Steve up. Steve appreciates the gesture despite being capable of getting to his feet on his own. Iron Man is obviously worrying up a storm inside the armor.
“By the way,” she said, her head just poking in the doorway, her smile left Steve feeling a little exposed, “if you need new sheets, the main linen closet is right across the entrance to this room.”
“I didn't know if you'd like them, but I figured it's a nice gift to give someone when stating your intentions.”
. How does someone like him deserve all of that? Genius apparently means nothing when faced with that sort of rhetorical question. That doesn't change the fact that until Steve wise's up, Tony is going to cling to the love thrown his way like the affection starved creature he is. He stows those thoughts however, pushes them aside upon noticing Happy watching him with something that looks like concern.
It's still and quiet between them, both of them trying to get their breathing under control. Tony breaks the silence first, tilting his head back to brush their lips together, and quietly asking to have his hands released. Steve lets his wrists go immediately, sighing when Tony scratches over his scalp and kisses him slowly.
A million billion thank yous to Blossomsinthemist for her help with info about American Football, and just generally being amazing, ily.
“Skittish. Like a stray cat that's not used to being pet” Bucky sounds almost sheepish about what he's said, but not enough not to say it apparently. Tony scowls over at his companions. Beside him, Rhodey seems to be trying not to laugh.
“Bullshit.” Steve says with feeling.  “You're my friend, and you've been at this Avengers game longer than I've been awake from nap-time, so I'm telling
“No, I’m not going to the VA, or anywhere else.” Steve felt bad for how that made Tony’s face twist with worry, but he carried on. “Look, Tony, it’s hard enough out there for vets trying to get an appointment at the VA,” He had been reading about it in fact, vets waiting for months for appointments, overloaded hospital systems unable to handle the sheer number of patients they needed to see, the backlogs stretching into the thousands.
“Green, s-sweetheart, so green,” He hears himself almost as if from far away, the words are low, raspy, as if pulled from him. Tony kisses his cheek, then lays down half atop him, slipping a leg between Steve's thighs and kissing his neck, his lips, anywhere within reach. It feels so good, having Tony so close, the feeling of his warm skin, the weight of him there pressing him into the bed.
“Dirty, Captain, who knew.” The little hitch of Steve's hips against his does not go without notice. Tony hums low in his throat, undulating against Steve in a way that's gotten him soundly fucked many a time, but Steve just lets a little huff of breath out against the place he's been determinedly sucking a hickey, leaning back to fix him with a searching stare. His lips are kiss reddened and shiny. The kick of arousal in Tony's gut hits him so strong and powerful it takes all of his mental faculties not to whimper.
“It is good to see the two of you have finally-oh, what is that quaint American saying? Gotten your heads' out of your asses it was.” Doom snipes, but he sounds almost sincere. Steve just sighs as if the weight of the world rests on his shoulders. Doom ignores him, carrying on as if Steve isn't looking increasingly agitated with each word.
“Oh my god. I'm divorcing you Rhodey, and leaving you for pancakes and Captain America.” Tony says with an obscene and probably overdramatic moan around a bite of fluffy golden pancake. There's syrup just on the corner of his mouth. Steve wants to lick it.  Rhodes just rolls his eyes, inured to the whole production.
“So.” Rhodes says after the room has cleared. “Want to tell me what the deal is, Captain Rogers?” Rhodes is a difficult guy to read, but the protective vibes are loud and clear.  Steve sighs, scrubbing a hand over his face and straightening up. His ma' always said slumping around when you were trying to make a good impression was bad form.
“Hi there, having trouble sleeping?”  He said, coming to a stop a few feet from Steve.  He was in the remnants of a slim cut suit with fine silver pinstriping, hands in his pockets, his expensive looking oxford shirt unbuttoned to the hollow of his throat.  Steve gulped on a swallow.
“Oh,”  Steve got out tremulously, “Tony,”  his name came out choked.  He stumbled, and Tony caught him.  He was so warm.  So warm, Tony was warm, and touching his face, his palms against his cheeks, helping him take the cowl off.  “Holy Hannah,”  He said, as the drop drained out of him like poison sucked from a wound.  He felt like he’d been hit in the face by the world’s best cocktail of pain medication and endorphins.  He knew he’d been in pain before, but he couldn’t remember it, everything went warm and hazy, and a little sideways.
He has no idea how long they spend wrapped up in each other in an abandoned SHIELD room, but Tony thinks he may have left his sanity somewhere in the perfect curl of Steve's tongue against his. Actually, that's a lie, not the part about the sanity, but the part about not knowing how much time has passed. Barring kidnapping and caves, Tony has a really unfortunate grasp on the passage of time, an unpleasant consequence of having a mind that just never stops. Still, while kissing other people he's designed entire aircraft carriers, with Steve it's all he can do to keep a handle on what time it is. Tony had thought Steve might be experienced before, but he takes that supposition and tosses that out the window.  Steve is a super learner after all, and it seems he's taken that ability and applied it to making this possibly the best kiss Tony's ever had.  The man is
It's not until the scent of aromatic spices and vegetables grows impossible to ignore, and Tony’s little robot vacuum cleaner reaches the peas near their feet, that they finally separate. Tony pulls away regretfully, sprinting over to the pan to remove it from the heat. The stew is perfectly salvageable, and so are Steve's potatoes, so all is well.  Together they finish the mash, Tony stirring in his mixture of cream and spices after Steve has thoroughly mashed them apart. It smells so incredible by the time they put it in a large baking dish and put it in the oven that Steve ends up pilfering a yogurt from the icebox before he gives up and eats all their salad in one go. Tony stands near the oven, staring into it intently as if he’s watching the breadcrumbs get crispy.  Steve wants him closer already.
“Steve I don't know what you think, but being with you, loving you” He chokes on the tail end of the sentence. “that's the easiest thing I've ever done.”
“Steve!” Tony grabs his shoulders, fingers digging into the sleek fabric. “Steve, breathe, breathe, I'm right here, I'm here with you. I'm oh god, I'm sorry, I didn't know you felt that way, Jesus, fuck.”
“Steve.”  He said, sinking down into the seat, feeling far too gangly and uncoordinated for a place that must have been top secret.
now?” Steve notices the nervous looks around him, and he realizes his error.  “People had to hide it before. Everyone knew it happened, but no one just talked about it like that.” Steve takes a deep breath. It's allowed now, it's okay. He can't bring himself to look out at the city below them. It's too different, too alien. Old landmarks are still there, but it's almost unrecognizable to the New York City he left behind.
He pushes that aside though, buries it deep, that horrible ache washed away by the look on Steve's face. His mouth has dropped open slightly, eyes bright with something Tony can't put a name to.
And it was a perfectly adequate explanation until a few months later when Steve got into a fight with Andy Williams on the sidewalk after school because he’d been bullying the babies in first grade, and he was suddenly gripped by an anger so intense it made him falter for a moment.  Andy had gotten a solid punch in, but Steve hadn’t felt a thing, and continued not to feel a thing, sitting silent and fuming out by the principal's office.  He was covered in bruises, his lip was split, and his knuckles looked pretty nasty, but it didn’t hurt.  Not the way it had the last time he and Andy had gotten into a scrap.
“You said.” Steve forces out. “You said you had them too.” He says, feeling terrible and ashamed of his own reactions to something as innocuous as cold mountain air.  Iron Man stills, dropping down into a crouch next to Steve with a mechanical whirring of servos.
“Where you're going, no one's going to know or care which particular species you're going for. So you may as well save that egg-stravagent complaining for later.” Jan says with the air of someone making a royal proclamation. Iron man makes a sort of mechanical groaning sound, head snapping to where Wasp is fluttering around and looking all too gleeful for having made such a horrible pun.
“Shellhead, Shellhead talk to me!” The Doombot rears up, stomping on Iron Man's chest. Friction and pressure conspire to throw molten sparks all over the pavement. The armor holds, but it dents inward. Even through the voice modulation, Steve hears the sound of a wheeze.
Tony feels sick. He remembers the texture of the cue cards in his hands. Thick card-stock warping between his shaking fingers while he stood at the podium to speak of his love for a man who had tried to take everything-who had succeeded on taking everything from people much more innocent than one Anthony Edward Stark. It had been all he could do to not toss the cards down and tell all those gathered the truth, but he had a role to play, and if dear old dad had taught him anything, it was how to pretend to care about someone for the public.
“God, Steve you don't even know how much. But I...” Tony looks so miserable that Steve wants to go down to the gym and break a punching bag or three. “I don't know if I can. Have this that is.”
is going on?” There's an edge of hysteria creeping into his voice so he dials it back, slumping on the couch like a puppet with the strings cut.
“We're...not going to talk about what I just said. Ignore it, morning Tony is bad Tony, listen to nothing he says.” Tony mutters, resolutely refusing to meet Steve's eyes.
“That's his name on the sign Shellhead, don't be rude. I'm going to win him for Tony, what do you think?” Steve is already paying for a few game tokens though. The girl manning the booth watches him apprehensively, handing him a baseball to throw at a row of tin cans with rubber ducks stacked atop them.
“It's wow. It's really keen, never thought I'd see anything like it.” Beside him Iron Man sputters a little bit, but Steve ignores him, turning his head this way and that, trying to get a look at everything as they pass it.
-Tony has some very unkind thoughts about his own mental health, so as always look out for that if self blame and self hate are triggers for you.
It continued to elude him as the war dragged on, but he only fought harder, be they Hydra, or plain old Nazi scum, Steve introduced them to his shield and bitter defeat.  There was little time for warm companionship behind enemy lines, or hunkered down in London while air raid sirens sounded.  So he contented himself with making sure those under his command were safe.  He salved injuries, offered encouragement, and made speeches when it was needed.  The latter was his least favorite, but everyone said he was a dab hand at it, that he was a natural speech maker, a natural leader, Steve wasn’t so sure about all of that.  He never let on though, through battle after battle, even when the crash after a rush left him shaking, and his warm water bottles did nothing-and had done nothing since rebirth-he fulfilled his purpose, he was happy to.
“Um. Yes? Was that even a question?” Tony pauses. It's not warm outside anymore. “Need to get a jacket though if I'm going to be hanging off of you like I intend to.”
“We still need a plan to catch that Stone asshole.” Steve grumbles, pulling Tony more tightly against his chest. Tony lets out a strangled laugh, burying his fingers in the short blond hair at the nape of his neck.
“I don’t know, I’ve missed out on a lot, I might ask you for history lessons.”  He tried for levity, he really did, but it still came out more than a little shaky.  Iron Man just squeezed his shoulder again.
“Please don't do this.” Steve whispers wretchedly. He knows it's unfair, he knows that reigning Tony in-Iron Man in-is like catching a wave on the sand, but he's desperate. Panic twists his insides into knots, his breath heaves in his chest. He knows he's being unreasonable.  He knows he's asking too much, but he can't stop, not while his mind spins around all the ways Tony's plan could end in his death.  Only Tony's soft comforting words in his ear, and the constant touch of his hands are able to finally bring him around from that all consuming terror.
“Stuff it, keep talking about that and we'll end up fighting a giant gingerbread man or something because someone has watched too much Shrek and decided I need to die for eating their brethren.” Steve would laugh at the idea, but they really
“Come on old man, let's go get your early bird special.” Tony can't resist prodding him just a little bit, but Steve just drags him closer, slowing their walk to throw an arm over Tony's shoulder, looking critically over all of the gleaming vehicles when they finally make it into the garage. As it turns out, stopping every few feet to kiss makes it awfully difficult to get anywhere fast. Not that Tony is complaining.
In the back pocket of his pants, the loud chirp of his Avengers communicator sends echoing ricochets of sound through the room.
“Mister Stark does not react well to certain stimuli-and today has been trying for his peace of mind.” JARVIS says evenly.  Steve thinks back on Iron Man's injuries. Stark must be worried about his bodyguard. Surely the pair of them are friends?  So many questions he wants to ask but know he has no right to.  The Avengers Charter is clear on trying to browbeat other members, or Mister Stark about secret identities.  It doesn't stop him from wondering fruitlessly though.
Hammer has been moved from his high security cell to one with physical bars in place of the electrical stasis field. In here it's quiet, the SHIELD agent stepping into the background to allow Tony to walk right up to the bars.
“Captain America, or do you prefer Captain Rogers? I'm Tony Stark, it's an honor to meet you.” Stark speaks, oblivious to Steve's mounting inner turmoil. Steve starts upon having realized he's staring-probably rudely-and offers his hand.
Tony looks back at him and wishes he had even half that bravery. Maybe then he wouldn't be so afraid to tell Steve how much he wants this to be more than an agreement over helping each other in the event of an emergency. Tony has slept with a lot of people in his pre-avengers, pre-arc in the chest days. He's suddenly aware of the fact that given Steve's past it's vanishingly unlikely that Captain America had a lot of time to explore his sexuality in the forties, especially given how high profile he was while doing those ridiculous bond sales. After that he was fighting, and then there was the whole, encased in ice for decades thing. Tony steels himself for the question simmering in his mind.
“No.” Tony pauses, hovering above Steve. A fresh swarm of Doom bugs breaks off to make a beeline towards them both.
” Tony whispers, blinking when he realizes he said that out loud. Steve pauses in shaking Hammer with more force than the heavy duty cycle of a washing machine, looking over at Tony with an intensity that suggests he should take his pants off. Tony licks his suddenly dry lips.  And really, Tony should feel bad about this, shouldn't he?  He's sent countless villains to rehabilitation programs, funded education and assistance.  Hammer is different though.  He didn't become a villain out of trauma or necessity.  He's just a scheming asshole-always has been, probably always will be.
By morning he memorized the entire booklet, and felt confident enough to scroll through his contact list.  All of the Avengers were listed within it, their names and their call signs in one.  Steve paced around the room with the phone, and snapped a picture of the strange little box set into the wall, it was covered in glowing lights, and had a drop down panel on it.  Steve was afraid to touch the contraption for fear of breaking it.  The picture was a little fuzzy, but it was in color.  Steve eyed it for a few moments before sending it off to tony with a short text of
“Is that a verb, a noun, or an adjective, old man?” Tony asks, turning in his seat and throwing his legs over Steve's knees.
“A long time ago I had a friend. He loved men and he always had to hide it. I wish he'd lived to see this.” He's not ready yet to tell them about himself, but just revealing that feels momentous. Jan's hand on his is solid and warm, she smiles at him and it's full of understanding.
“Oh shit, Steve, we were going to tell you about that, but then there was the alert,”  He trailed off, then stepped closer opening his arms, “hey, let me fly you back to the mansion, we’ll talk there.”
“He is fine, merely in need of your intervention.” JARVIS sounds amused. That more than anything assuages any worry.
By the time they all start shuffling off to sleep Steve has calmed somewhat. Or at least enough to walk around without hunching over. He takes the rainflap off the top of the tent, rolling it up and securing it with the thin Velcro straps along the side of the tent.
Tony's room is both what he expected and not. Technology is everywhere. Much like the ever present humming coming from Tony's chest, the whole room is filled with interesting things that Steve can't even begin to figure out the use of. The furniture does not seem like something tony would pick out however. The headboard is a huge carved panel of wood. Two nightstands sit off to the sides. Steve expected more minimalist furnishings, but he supposes Tony could not have designed all the spaces in the house.
“Oh yeah, you gonna woo me?” Tony asks, batting his lashes at Steve in a way he hopes is coy, but probably comes off kind of more as
.” Gone is the usual teasing tone of voice. For the barest moment Steve hears harsh panicked breathing over the comms, and then it goes quiet-the line silenced.
Steve has his moments of old fashioned romantic ideas, it had taken some convincing to get Tony on board, but for a week, the two of them only see each other to fight battles. It makes their wedding day all the better. Tony wears a red suit that still somehow manages to be elegant and understated. If Steve gets a small jolt of satisfaction when he sees the cufflinks are in the shape of his shield that's just between he and Tony.
Tony shudders, turning over to bury his face in his favorite pillow. The room goes blessedly dark after that. His last thoughts before dropping off to sleep are of the way Steve kissed him.
“Oh sure.” Tony said, his lips twisted downwards again. He looked even more displeased than before if that was possible. “So much so I didn’t even realize you’ve been apparently on edge since the forties.”
The rest of the night passes companionably, even if Tony is well aware of the holes in their conversations. Topics carefully skirted around like negative space on a black and white painting. He pretends not to hear the conversation between Steve, Bucky, and Rhodey when he goes off to slip beneath the covers of the bed in the room he's chosen. The loss of so many memories should make him a mass of anxiety and insomnia, but there will be time enough for that. For now he sleeps, comforted by the warm purring ball of fluff by his feet, and the cool flower scented air wafting in through the screens of his windows.
“You're right,” he murmurs, leaning down slowly, watching Tony's eyes grow wider the closer he gets, “wouldn't want my fella feeling neglected.” With that he drops a gentle lingering kiss on Tony's cheek.  “Have a good day sweetheart, don't work too hard.” It feels like the rest of the room has faded out when he draws back. Tony's eyes are closed, body swaying forward into Steve's space as if in anticipation of another kiss. Steve reaches out, interlacing their fingers and tugging Tony close to rest their foreheads together. Only to jerk apart when reality reasserts itself harshly via the loud blaring of rock music Steve knows to belongs to Tony's phone.
“Steve, the press-” Never let it be said that Captain America shaking his head in such a resolute manner didn't have the power to shut even him up mid sentence.
“You do, really?”  He can't imagine why, no one he's ever been with has ever been all that keen on his technique so to speak.  Compared to Tony, he can't imagine that he could make Tony feel as good as Tony always makes him feel.
“You're still here.” Tony whispers, standing in their doorway three days later. The light of the reactor casts long shadows around the room, they shorten when Tony steps inside, letting the door snick shut behind him.
“You don't have to fight this all on your own Steve. Baby. Look at me.” Steve looks up, lets Tony kiss him and press soft touches all over his face, lets that perfect affection loosen his grip around Tony's waist. “Anitha Acharya is a fantastic therapist, her specialty is loss, let her help you.”
“We are under an attack most foul!”  Thor cried, spinning what looked like a massive hammer in his hand and charging from the room.  The others followed him, except for Iron Man, who approached holding the shield.
“What are we watching anyway?”  Steve asked, sighing as one of Tony’s gloved hands slid into his hair.  He didn’t leave it there long, but wow, that felt nice.
Steve is struck with the desire to tell Tony he loves him again, but the words catch in his throat, lost to a moan when Tony puts his mouth on him again. Tony doesn't take him in deep at first, just kissing around the head, slipping his tongue around his foreskin in teasing licks. He doesn't know how Tony can suck him off as well as he does, it has to make his jaw hurt, but he always looks like he's enjoying it so much.
“Well, don’t you present a lovely picture.”  Tony says, drawing his gaze over to the staircase that leads up to the loft.  A black velvet robe is wrapped around his body, the belt just barely tied. The same burgundy slippers cover his feet, but his dress slacks have been switched out for a pair of velvet pajama pants.  Steve desperately wants to touch him.
“I'd like to put my hands all over you, but that's not something fit for present company.” Maybe it's bold and over the top, but some sad part of him just knows Tony won't believe his complete sincerity on the matter. As if reading the direction of his thoughts, Tony laughs, slipping his hands away from Steve's to swoon across his lap in a pantomime of a faint.
The helmet Steve passes him is sleek, offering little bulk when Tony nestles up against Steve's back on the backseat of the motorcycle. Steve's stomach jumps when he tucks his hands beneath his shirt to press against warm skin.
“I'd be honored to do that. To have you trust me enough for that, but I only wanna do things you love, I want to make you feel so good Tony, because you are good, God, you're so perfect.” Steve's words twist down Tony's spine in a rush of sensation; as if he reached out and physically caressed him.
The door swung open, and a rather austere looking gentleman walked in.  He had steel grey hair, and a gentle face.  A small rolling tray accompanied him, topped with a steaming teapot, a milk jug, sugar, and some very fine looking cups.  Jarvis, it had to be.  Steve had never had a butler around, but this had to be the fella.
“Oh.” Tony says, crouching down by the white painted steps that lead up to the front door. An equally white long haired fluff ball of a cat with big orange eyes blinks up at him. The silence lasts a good five seconds before she's making a racket, meowing and standing up to rub herself all over Tony.
“Uh, copacetic over here, Tony, how are you doing?” Steve was more than a little relieved not to hear anger in Tony’s tone.
“JARVIS. Do you think he really knows what he's getting into? You know, the whole-” Tony flaps his hand. “dating Tony Stark thing?”
Warnings for:  Steve's continuing battle with depression, canonical character death (but no one we like), awkwardness and some fantasizing about a certain Tony Stark.
“Do not turn this around on me, I turned it around on you first. That's rude, and has to be against the Geneva convention or something, sneaky.” Tony babbles, reaching out to rub his hands over the soft blue shirt all but vacuum packed to Steve’s chest.
“Natasha, Jan, and Clint helped me pick it, what’s the big idea? You trying to make me feel self conscious, Stark?” He said, smiling wide.
“You can't really be doing this. You don't want...” He trails off, and Steve just smiles, squeezing Tony's hand and letting it drop gently.
“Is it important?” He asks.  JARVIS seems to pause, clearing his throat delicately before continuing on.  “I believe so sir.” Well alright then.
Steve tried not to choke on his nachos while Tony sat back in his chair and stuffed caramel popcorn into his mouth.  He looked almost gleeful, and Roy, well, he kind of looked like someone had spit in his milk.
“Wear the Tom Ford suit, the black one you had on that day with the breakfast and you panicking. Rogers will swallow his tongue, that's all I'm saying, no. We are not talking about this anymore, just do it and thank me later.” There's silence in the workshop for a good while after that. In the distance Dummy drops something, but Tony for once does not react.
“But I thought the two of you weren't...” Steve trails off into awkward silence, fidgeting on the couch until Tony scratches at his scalp again and he settles with a sigh.
Tony dreams of the ocean first.  Not a white sand beach or the clear blue waters of the Mediterranean his mother loves so much, but a dark and choking thing.  Swirling dark, an impenetrable wall of water so cold it burns.  Tony dreams of drowning first.  Tony dreams of regret, and fear, and a resolve so strong he still wakes shaking with that certainty.
“Steve, put him down, you're going to kill him, and then you'll end up getting arrested.” Jan says, hands up in a placating gesture.
Tony was staring at him, he very carefully set the plasma torch down, stripped off his welding gear, and walked over to the ultra modern seating area on the side of the lab with no projects strewn about. “Come sit with me,” he said, “and you can tell me why you thought that.”
At least he didn’t have much to pack up, he mused, slinging the standard issue duffel with his life in it over his shoulder while climbing the ramp up to the plane set to bring him towards his destiny.  The plane ride was somber, Steve caught Dr. Erskine’s gaze multiple times when he looked up from sketching.  Steve added a little doodle of the scientist while he was at it, and Dr. Erskine laughed when he caught sight of it in the sketchpad.
“Avengers meeting, tomorrow, Nine o'clock sharp Shellhead, don't be late.” Steve says without missing a beat.
Tony adds a few emojis to the end of the message just for effect. Steve loves emojis, even if he tells Clint he doesn't know how to text.  Technically he has both coffee and food down in the lab, but maybe he really just wants to see Steve-if he's being honest with himself.
“It's pretty big, a lot bigger than I thought it was.” Steve continues, refusing to be side-tracked.  The faceplate tips down, eyeslits staring at him so intensely that Steve almost apologizes, before the bay is opening and Clint is yelling up the ramp.
“Sir, there is something for you, outside of the lab.” JARVIS breaks in through his thoughts.  Tony blinks, raking a hand through is hair and over his face.
Back at the mansion, he was just sitting on his bed untying his shoelaces when a knock sounded at his door.
“No sir, they appear to have merely dropped off an envelope, nothing was taken, but there was nothing gleaned from biometric scans.” There are precious few people who know how to get around Tony's biometric readers. One was upstairs eating Thor's meatballs the last time he saw her, the other he used to call a friend.
“Nope, I'm all marshmallowed out, this one's for you.” Steve glances up briefly, catching Natasha pantomiming feeding and eating motions, she gives him a thumbs up when he brings the sweet right up to Tony's lips. Brown eyes flick up to his, but Tony accepts the marshmallow, letting Steve feed it to him slowly, licking the sticky sweet from Steve's fingers and his own lips when he's done. It takes everything in Steve's power not to groan with the feeling of that warm, wet mouth on his skin. The term 'hard enough to pound nails' comes to mind. Steve hopes Tony can't feel it, seated atop him as he is.
There were no omegas in the camps, the Nazis had no use for their compassion, for their empathy.  However, they were too valuable to kill, but too dangerous to the party’s demonic rhetoric to allow free movement.  There were pamphlets, posters of Nazi propaganda that spoke of omegas in glowing tones, how they had been sequestered away for their own safety, how they supported the AXIS powers, Steve knew it was all a lie.  All known omegas had been shipped to Nuremberg before the war began, so Steve fought for them too, with Bucky furious and just as determined at his side.  It was his purpose, his goal above all other goals.  It made his rushes stronger, his drive to stamp out everything the Nazis stood for burned within him even while he clutched his ineffectual hot water bottle behind enemy lines.  He couldn’t rest, not while those camps existed, not while such flagrant atrocities were being committed.
“You get a lot done today?” He asks quietly once the lights have drawn down and the movie has begun. Tony hums in reply, sighing when Steve slips his fingers into soft dark hair, petting Tony slowly while the screen erupts into an action sequence that has Thor cheering and Jan joining in excitedly.
Steve sighed, sitting back in his chair and ripping open a bag of rice cakes as he watched the satellite feeds scroll past. His body was still thrumming as his alpha cycle kicked into full gear, but the search for Zemo gave him a purpose at least, something to turn that energy towards. Zemo would attack his team, and so he had to be stopped at all costs. A man like the Baron would always be dangerous, even behind bars. Steve sat forward in his chair as one of the satellites paused on Alcatraz. Steve paused the feed, zooming in on the island. It was defensible, structurally sound, and would make a great base for any would-be villain. Perhaps not Alcatraz itself, as it had too many visitors and eyes on it, but there were other island prisons around the world, places steeped in horrible histories. The kind of histories that might call to a vile man the likes of Zemo.
“Going to be okay Shellhead, you're alright, just a fancy pacemaker, you're okay, stay with me.” Tall blond and handsome says, stepping back but not away to allow the medical personnel to wheel him into the private room and start shining lights into his eyes and poking at his veins. Tony ignores that in favor of staring at his companions. All three of them look more than a little agitated, Tony feels the inexplicable urge to comfort them.
why don't you show me.” Which one of them moved first, he couldn't say if you asked him.  They meet in the middle, mouths pressing together with such hunger that Steve feels the elevator drop of arousal like a crack of lightening. He grabs at Tony, one hand going to his hip and the other cradling the back of his head, leaning him back so that all of his weight rests in Steve's arms. Tony's arms are around his neck, letting Steve take all his weight as if it's nothing. It's like the kiss in the museum, but without the threat of discovery it's as if a dam has been broken.
“Might be cheesy but it's true, don't keep me waiting too long now, you've been driving me crazy forever.”  Steve says, settling back with an almost full bottle of something in a sleek black bottle proclaiming itself to be water based.  Steve doesn't recognize the brand, but he figures if it's in Tony's stash it must be good.  Tony gapes at him, at a loss for words as he slicks up his palm and gives his cock one long pull.
"You like that?"  He says against Tony's lips, shivering when Tony bucks up against him in a motion that seems almost entirely involuntary.
“Just doing my job.”  It felt good to say that, to have a purpose, even in this strange new century.
'. Tony knows Tiberius Stone alright. They haven't spoken in years, not after Ty revealed his frankly disturbing goals at the same time as his crush and Tony ran for the hills. There was an attempted kidnapping, and while he could never pin it on Stone, he knows it was his doing. Childhood friends don't typically try to do that sort of thing one another, nor do they stalk each other with a focus bordering on the obsessive-but that's Tiberius Stone for you.
With a great amount of effort Steve finally cracks his eyes open. The sight that greets him makes about as much sense as it had with his eyes closed. There's a robot standing directly across from him. Red and gold metal plates shift and whir seamlessly as it takes a short step towards him. A bright blue light gleams in its chest and eye sockets. Behind the robot a tiny woman with fluttering wings is smiling at him brightly. At her side a blond woman all in blue and red watches him closely; her heart as steady as her gaze. The light in the room reflects strangely across the gold star on her chest. She holds her arm out, stopping the steps of a man in black and purple. Excitable; he thinks, listening to the man's heartbeat rabbit around with his obvious energy.
“Um. Wow.” Tony chokes out, brown eyes wide and shocked when they finally open again. “Good morning to you too-I've got to go...debrief. Need to. Rhodey's calling.” Tony stutters out, staggering off towards the Avenjet almost at a run. Steve watches him go with a deep frown.
The heavy bag was comforting under his hands, familiar.  It was easy to lose himself in the repetitive motion of it, to not think of anything else but the positioning of his body, the angle of his strikes.  He worked on it until he was breathing hard, until a tangle of tension released from between his shoulder blades.
Some dialogue in parts is taken from the original 64' Avengers run, starting when Steve is found in Avengers Issue 4
to give him what he's after.” Tony is right, and a trap is a sound solution, except for the fact that it's the absolute last plan Steve wants to see put into action.
Iron Man walked over, peering into the tablet with his inscrutable glowing gaze.  “I think we can manage a shorter sentence, don’t you?”  In response the chief sighed again, but it wasn’t long before Pete provided deliverance from their sticky situation.  Pun very much intended.  Between Iron Man and Thor flying around to spread the solvent across the entirety of the affected parts of the bridge, the street was soon cleared, to the cheers of the gathered crowds and the waiting news crews.
is self deprecating to himself.  “Nevermind. Just so you know though, I am not going to go play courtesans and kings with ol' Doomey Woomey. I only have eyes for you.” The words are teasing, but Tony's gaze is soft when he comes to stand beside Steve, giving his left arm an affectionate squeeze.
one of those singing fish?” Steve asks, laughing and gathering Tony close, squishing the banana plush between them. Tony grumbles under his breath while Steve rubs his cheek against the top of Tony's head and coos to him in French.
art... right?” For a man as brilliant and multi-talented as he is, Tony's terrible at accepting a genuine compliment.
“Steve.” He whispers, glance darting around to the other Avengers spread out all around them as the jet hovers up from the helipad smoothly. None of them seem to be paying them any mind, except Clint. Natasha turns in her chair, clearing her throat, and he hastily makes a show of looking out the window, whistling as if nothing out of the ordinary is going on.
Tony closes his eyes again, scrubbing a hand over his face, lifting his head to stare at Steve.  “The last,” He starts-the words punching out of him like shards of glass. “The last time someone tried to do this they wanted something from me. They all want something.”
“Yeah, here, I made you a plate. You had breakfast yet?” He asks, snagging the plate off the counter warmer and passing it over to Tony.
“Wow.”  Iron man said, looking at his arm, where Steve’s fingers had rested over gleaming metal.  “I’m sorry.”  Was the next thing he said.
“That version was always meant for me.” Tony says quietly. “For the possibility of something going horribly wrong. I'm not arrogant enough to think the world needs Tony Stark, but it might just need Iron Man.”
“What do you mean we’re neutral?”  Steve asked in horror, picking up the paper and setting it on the desk.  “Have you seen what they’re doing over there, those Nazi bastards, what’s America even about if we’re not joining up to fight them tooth and nail?”  He could tell he was speaking too loudly, that his hands were shaking, but he didn’t care.  How could anyone, even some slimeball politician, see what was happening over in Europe and not want to stop it?
” Tony indicates Steve's whole Steve-ness with a helpless hand flapping motion, and Steve gets that bashful pleased look he gets on his face when Tony gets speechless around him.
“You take care of all of us, now, we take care of you. It's simple equation balancing, in other words, deal with it Stark.” Bruce's tone brooks no argument. He nods in satisfaction when Steve presses the pac to Tony's forehead and helps him take the aspirin. “Good, don't let him do anything strenuous.”
“God, Steve, yeah. Yeah I um. I guess we can try.” Tony blinks at the smile breaking across Steve's face. “I can't believe you brought me flowers. Me. Captain America brought me
“So-continue, I'm curious now.” He says, taking a sip of his own drink, reaching over to scrape his nails over Steve's scalp. Steve's eyes droop like a contented cat's, and Tony feels a little sliver of satisfaction settle warmly somewhere tucked away and secret.
Even missing almost his entire life, he builds things while he lays in bed; designs engines and schematics that glow with blue light while pacing around his room. The people who come in to see him seem to sense his boredom, so it's obvious that this all consuming restlessness is nothing new. They're apologetic, but they tell him it's for the best if he stays inside until more is known about his condition. Tony trusts them, he tells them so when they filter in one or two at a time. The admission seems to shock all of them-save for Pepper. Tall and red haired, she and the big tall blond named Steve are in the room with him most often. JARVIS the AI is with him constantly though, but even the AI he
“How are you real? Oh my God, do not say that to Stark, he'll probably combust. Unreal.” Iron man sounds so incredulous that Steve feels his face contorting into what Bucky had once referred to as his 'Stubborn as an Ass' face.
“You might sing a different tune if you’da seen me before the serum.”  Steve shrugged.  He was sure he wouldn’t have rated a second glance from a fella like Tony Stark before the serum gave him this body.  Steve looked up at Tony, who had an expression on his face like he’d sucked on a lemon, and then the lemon insulted him.
“That is for you, Steve, if you are in fact who I have been looking for.”  Dr. Erskine watched his face as if expecting some kind of eruption.  When Steve just nodded in question, he continued.  “You will train with others who have shown promise, you will be sent to Camp Lehigh to improve your understanding of combat and teamwork.”
“She gave me a pseudonym, and I'm not one to take credit where it's not due. She'll be credited first, it's her work that secured this breakthrough. She has all my contact information, and an open invitation to S.I. and all my labs. Although there won't be any profit for this. Any and all people benefiting from this research will receive it free of charge.” Tony says, sitting down on one of his chairs and setting about clearing off his work station.  You rolls over, resting his claw on the table and beeping away. "Yes hello kiddo, I missed you too, where's your brother?"  Tony pats You as he flings plans around, directing him to find Dummy and help with the cleanup. Steve watches the two robots bobbing and picking up cups, and remembers the water treatment plants, the mobility aids Tony was working on not so long ago.
“Oh my god Steve.” Tony breathes out, his whole body feels like a livewire, his cock is leaking into his boxers. Fuck.
“Don't objectify me Tony.” Steve says, patting the seat behind him. Tony laughs, hopping onto the motorcycle and immediately pressing close, arms wrapping around Steve's waist. The press of his body is warm, as is the cheek he leans against Steve's shoulder.
It's late when Steve makes his way down to the training room. He tapes his hands by rote, but his mind is full of too much. From the sad cast of Tony's face to the startling realization that his two best friends' in this new world may be the same person. He wants to know so badly if he is right, but he knows if the question were to be posed to Tony, he might lose even the slim glimpses of the man behind the masks he has been allowed to see. The thought of Tony cutting him off makes something nervous and cold lance through his body and he pushes the possibility away. Whatever Tony chooses to give him is enough. Has to be enough.  Besides, it's in the Avengers charter, and he'll respect Iron Man's identity, and Tony's secret until either of them confirms his suspicions. It's already more than he could have dreamed of-to be welcomed into Tony's lab, the new gear, Tony looking at him with hope, wonder, and something devastatingly unsure in the bright lights of his workshop.
“How polite, you must teach Master Tony some manners, although it is probably far too late for that.”  Jarvis smiled slightly, Steve got the idea he was joking in a very subtle, understated sort of way.  “Yes, Jarvis is correct.  Would you like me to stay with you, or would you prefer to be alone?”  Jarvis was looking at him utterly without judgement, as if he was used to seeing people sweaty with their teeth chattering every day.  Steve almost told him he wanted company, but he was sure Mister Jarvis had better things to do than tending to an old soldier while they fell apart.
“We could.   Here, now. We could pretend that we're a normal couple.”  Tony is standing by one of the huge windows framing the kitchen, his shoulder leaning against it.  Bright lights splash colors across his face and chest, the neon of the city making his outline against the sleet speckled glass seem to glow.  “Spend the whole weekend with me. We'll make breakfast, lunch, and dinner, watch terrible daytime television and stay in bed until the afternoon.  I’ll call you darling and-” Tony’s eyes raise to his, dark and unreadable and yearning all at once. “-beloved, and you’ll call me sweetheart while we dance in the living room.”  He finishes with a smile that quivers at the corners.
“He deserves someone better than me okay, is that what you wanted to hear?” He intends for the words to be sharp, but instead they just sound as hollowed out as Tony feels by the admission.  His eyes prickle hotly, but he's not going to cry, that would just be the icing on the cake of his own pathos.  “He deserves someone who won't make people contemplate his sanity when he steps out with them. And then there's the whole lite brite in the chest slash secret identity thing.” Tony curls in further on himself, unable to look up to see what kind of face Rhodey is making in response to him spilling his feelings like a kid at a slumber party.
“Cap. I can't. I can't even imagine what this is like for you, I just-” Iron Man sucks in a tinny hissing breath, slumping slightly in his armor.  “I'm probably really not the best person for this, I can get someone else, someone better?'
After their coffees and sweets have come, Steve reaches across the table to take Tony's hand in his. Tony just smiles warmly, passing over his phone to show Steve a few new revisions on his tactical suit. Steve brushes his thumb over Tony's knuckles and soaks it all in. Even if they're not together, quiet moments like these remind Steve of why this century isn't so bad after all.
“Get up, get up, you’ll drown.” He cries, helpless to watch as his soulmate's friend drags him from the water and pounds on his back. He has seen this friend before, bright at his soulmate's side, thrumming with a love that is different but no less strong than his own.
When they make it back to New York there's a pitiful crew of villains assembled to meet them. Steve picks up his shield and jumps into the fray as if he never left. The Avenger's work well together, but it's obvious there are still some wrinkles that need some ironing out.
“Bitter, so bitter.” Widow's voice is amused, Steve has no idea where she is, but that's not entirely out of the ordinary. Then Thor seemingly materializes from inside a shop, interrupting them all.
They're laying wrapped up in each other when Steve lets it slip. Tony is warm, sprawled across his chest and working on something scrolling across the thin glass of his phone. His lips are still reddened from the kisses they shared before, his hair mussed from Steve pulling it while he took Steve to the edge and back over and over again. Steve stares at him, and just can't help the words that come tumbling out of his mouth.
“You can't play carnival games Bird Boy, that's cheating.”  He says, leaning back to point at their resident purple clad archer.
He stood, dusting his gloves off, and turning to go back to where the quinjet waited for him. “You can rest easier now Bucky, wherever you may be.” Zemo had been wrong about a lot of things, none the least of which were Steve’s full motivations for hunting him down. He was right about wanting to protect his new team, but Steve had once been an army man, and Zemo had caused the death of his brother in arms. Steve was not above vengeance for Bucky, or vengeance for the countless lives Zemo had taken, or the helpless people he once tortured with all the glee of a man pulling the wings off a fly.
Tony tastes of the buttermint candy he's been eating all night, and the sweet chocolaty after dinner drink Jan had called a peppermint twist. His lips are soft, but the contact is electric, buzzing through his veins like a crack of lightning heat. The others are cheering, but they seem far away. Tony gasps; mouth opening slightly beneath his, and Steve takes that invitation for all it's worth, licking into Tony's mouth, kissing him and kissing him and kissing him until he feels Tony's back hit a wall. The headband slips down, hitting the floor with a soft thump. Tony breaks away to lay his head on Steve's shoulder, breath coming in panting gasps, fingers clutching at Steve's sweater tightly enough to bunch the fabric.
“No-but I might just be tempted to spank you.  But that’s hardly a new temptation, truth be told.”  Tony answers, raising one eyebrow in challenge, head tipped to the side consideringly.  Steve goes hot all down his chest, unsure if he wants to say ‘yes please’ or hide under the table.  He settles on stubbornness instead.
Steve watches him for a little while, stroking over soft hair and smooth cheekbones. “What am I doing wrong?” He whispers. Tony doesn't answer, but he does mumble in his sleep, turning into the contact of Steve's palm.
“So,”  Natasha said, breaking him out of the mental fog he had been quickly descending to, “I’ll just...leave you to your breakfast.”  She stood up, grabbed another muffin, and then went sauntering out of the room.
“Honey, beloved, what do you want?”  Tony's voice sounds rough, hot with arousal when he pulls back from the kiss, but he's also clearly exhausted.  “Tell me and you can have it, what is it, big guy, what can I give you, hmm?” Tony follows each word with a kiss, and clever touches, hands stroking over the planes of Steve's chest, lips chasing the pulse in his throat in a ring of gently biting nips.
Awareness slips away from him after that.  He knows he's kissing Tony, that his eyes are a little damp, that Tony is untying his wrist and bringing his arms down, rubbing at them with sure movements.  He feels so good, and he loves Tony so much. He feels safe and cared for, and overfull with pleasure and warmth, that feeling growing bigger and more when Tony takes Steve's arms and encourages him to wrap them around him.  He's broken things apart, done countless things with his strength, but here holding Tony close so carefully; it feels like the most important thing he's ever done.
“Mmf..rocket...rocket skates..” Tony mutters from atop him, yawning and rubbing at his eyes, and Steve suddenly realizes the reason his hands are so warm is because they're cradling Tony's round behind. Steve very slowly slides them upwards to rest on Tony's back-but even just woken Tony is still Tony.
She still smiled though, in the short times her eyes opened.  Steve brought home books from the library, and taught himself to paint, in the long hours holding vigil next to his mother.  He read about gifts too, about courting, and the particular way gloves could be used to indicate someone was sweet on another person.  There were a whole gaggle of glove wearing dames and fellas at school now.  There was no way all of them were omegas, but it sure did look nice on them, a fashion accessory everyone but an alpha might find appealing to wear.  Steve personally thought Russell wore them best.  He’d grown into his omegahood over the years, tall and handsome, with flame red hair and flashing eyes.  Steve knew he didn’t have a chance, but well, some part of him still wanted to try.
“Can I help you?”  A saleswoman asked from behind a glassed in counter.  Steve flushed a little, he’d probably looked like a complete bozo, wandering around the store in a daze.  “Are you looking for a courting gift, maybe something nice for your bonded?”  She asked brightly.  Her smile looked welcoming, like maybe she might not laugh at him.  She was probably used to dealing with alphas and betas coming in with looks of stunned fear on their faces.
“Iron Man will be there, you'll all be there if he bites. I can't put other people in danger by sending them to him when he will definitely be expecting it. That's just not acceptable to me. It's me he wants, and I don't think he really wants to hurt me, he needs me.”
In this chapter the rating is thoroughly earned.  This is very soft and fluffy, but there is d/s, some light bondage, and a whole lot of other things, so if those are not your cup of tea please do not read on.  That said!  I do hope you enjoy it, comments and kudos much appreciated.  Again happy birth to you Cere!
I love your ability to multitask-” Tony sounds punch drunk, completely gone on it, his eyes roll back when Steve adjusts the angle, and he all but screams when Steve grinds against his prostate. “Harder, harder Steve, please, darling, I love you, I love you so much!” He begs, and Steve can't deny him, not now. Not when his own body is burning up, when he feels like the pleasure is turning him inside out. So he pushes Tony down on the table, bunching the back of Tony's shirt in his hand, holding him against the desk as he fucks into him with hard eager thrusts-and Tony takes it beautifully, rubbing his cheek against the desk, practically crawling up onto it when Steve pulls his hips up to change the angle and nails his prostate again dead on.
Thor is taller than Steve, larger than life, with a jovial booming voice and eyes too wise for the youth of his face. He claps Steve on the back, praises his survival as if making a proclamation, and then offers to say a prayer for Steve's fallen. It is as jarring as it is kind.
“My god, okay, wow I think I drooled into my beard. I'll just get myself cleaned up, and then you can go sleep.” Tony says, shifting his hips atop Steve's legs restlessly.  Steve blinks, pulling out of Tony gingerly, trying and failing not to turn red with the knowledge of just how much of a mess he's made of both of them.
“Tony-” She sing songs. “Tony come sleep, plus I think Cap wants to discuss some uh...some training stuff! Yeah, some training stuff, he's got lots to talk about.” Steve blinks over at her grinning face.
“Of all the rotten times for you to act up.”  He muttered to his own lungs as he trudged down the street towards the subway station.  He was still close to the recruitment office, his steps intentionally slow, when a ruckus just a little ways ahead made his head snap up.
“Captain, your chariot awaits.”  The one he’d heard them all refer to as Black Widow said.  She was compact, petite, with a gymnasts build, and a gaze that made him feel a little like a stumbling boy just out of grade school again.
“I am afraid, Captain, that this is not your decision to make-and correct me if I am wrong, but I believe you would do the same for me.” There's really nothing Steve can say to that while still remaining truthful. Iron man nods once, taking that for the admission of truth it is. A heavy gauntleted hand reaches out and squeezes his shoulder comfortingly.
“High praise, but that's just it, you...you change me by your proximity. I'm not half as good at well-at anything as I am when I'm doing it next to you” He thinks of everything he's achieved in the past and present. He can measure success by which of his projects he feels Steve would be proud of. There's not a whole lot in his past as a defense contractor that fits that bill, but he's trying, and maybe it will never be enough, but then he thinks of the expression on Steve's face when he showed him the water treatment facilities going up all over the world, and he feels like he could make a home in this
That thought set him in motion. He took a shower, realizing half way through shampooing his hair that he was absolutely ravenous. He ignored that though, making a beeline for Tony’s lab. If he was in the mansion, it was always a good first place to look.
After the mission is done and they are safe again, It flashes there, between his clavicles later when he shaves and neatens his hair. In the mirror his eyes seem dull, determined, he is marching towards something; what, he does not know. His evening is interrupted by one of the invaders popping his head in. There is a young boy behind him, looking contrite and resigned all at once.
That Tony has agreed to let Steve court him-that he seeks Steve's company and makes time for him makes something warm and hopeful batter about in his heart. He really hopes he's not reading too much into all of this. Hopes that Tony won't find him too old fashioned, or become bored with a man out of time. Tony doesn't do boredom well, and Steve is only too aware of how he pales next to one of the brightest minds in the last few centuries. Still, Tony
“Hey fella, it's just me, just getting you to your room, it's okay. You're safe.” Steve hopes he's doing alright at being non threatening, the last thing he wants to do is upset him.  Tony stares at him searchingly for a moment; coppery eyes glassy and wild. Steve recognizes that look and wishes he didn't. Whatever Tony sees in his face seems to calm him however. He slumps in Steve's hold, leaning his head on a broad shoulder and allowing his eyes to slide shut again.
“Honey, you're so perfect,” Tony gasps, the long column of his throat flexing as he tips his head back. Steve can only whimper, hand clenching and unclenching where it's tied as Tony's body slowly, so, so, achingly slowly, opens up and lets him in. It's indescribable. Tony is so hot inside, slick and tight- almost too tight, the lube-wet squeeze of his body making Steve feel as if he's being turned inside out.
Tony however, wasn’t gone for long.  He reemerged a few minutes later looking utterly hangdog and miserable.  He sat back down on the couch, his lips twisted downwards in a frown.
“That is for use beneath clothing, a chain around the waist, the cuffs go around the legs, very decorative, but probably not something to give as a first time courting gift.  If you bond with an omega you might gift it before a heat.”  She said gently, but with no small hint of amusement.
Steve thinks unsteadily. The waistcoat is snug against the small of Tony's back, emphasizing the curve of a backside Steve may or may not have had a few furtive sweaty fantasies about biting.
Bucky is in this because why not.  He was found earlier than in MCU canon, and got to work through his conditioning and such in a proper way-obviously he's still recovering, but there will be no crash course de-winter soldiering here.  In this sort of AU he's an Avenger as well.  Anyway, happy reading, I live for comments as always, and hope you enjoy!
Tony has nightmares too, but he's secretive about it. At first Steve thinks it's because of how private the man can be, but then he realizes it's something deeper, something darker. Tony apologizes the first time Steve wakes him from one-body thrashing as if he has a live wire beneath his skin while he clutches at his chest, at the arc reactor. He's paper white, drenched in sweat, eyes wide and staring, and when Steve touches him he flinches away, curls around himself protectively. It takes almost ten minutes to bring him around.
He wonders if his soulmate will be proud, if they will love him.  Tony wants so desperately to be loved. He knows, it doesn’t matter what his soulmate looks like, he’ll cherish them.  Hold them close.  Careful like his mothers’ pearls when he buckles the tiny filigree gold clasp around her wrist. His mother who is not Howard’s soulmate.  His mother who teaches him to play the piano and cries tears clearer than the ocean in his dreams when she thinks no one is looking.
“Mmm, long enough.” Tony moans when Steve presses the heel of his palm against the plug, rocks it inside him. “Steve, quit
“What-” Steve croaks, finally finding his voice. Widow glances at him sharply, and spits something at Barton in Russian.  “It's...that's
“Yeah,” Steve groans, clutching at the covers and trying to stay still while Tony jerks his cock slowly, expertly to full hardness; not that he needs any help getting hard with Tony around, in the same room even. “f-for you, getting hard for you.”
“No place I'd rather be.” And it's true. Some people say getting what you want the most is an empty thing, but Steve has never felt happier. He's also rarely ever been this tired. Sleep creeps up on him as well, the steady sound of Tony's breathing and his warmth serving as an excellent lullaby. His last thoughts before he drops off are full of the way Tony looks curled against him. Somehow he knows without a doubt that Tony will still be right there in the morning, so Steve smiles, and lets sleep drag him under.
“Uh. This is going to come as a shock to you but you've been...asleep for a long time Captain Rogers. We kept an eye on you while you took your little nap here. It's safe, we're on our way back to New York.” The robot's voice is much more human sounding than Steve expected, despite how metallic they sound.  Steve sets his cup down. If a robot can sound hesitant then this one does. Except. Steve tilts his head, listening hard, eyes widening when he realizes they're not a robot at all.
All too soon Tony turns away, arm sliding back under his sweatshirt anew. His hand makes an indistinct lump below the fabric, pressing tightly to his chest. He curls inwards, sweatshirt riding up to expose the edge of his hip, the beginning of his ribs. Steve tries not to look, but his eyes snap to the skin upon seeing something odd.
a leanbh-From Old Irish lenab ("infant, babe, child; young man, youth, boy"). (a term of endearment)
Worse is the thought of Tony having died alone. Steve remembers Tony admitting that he loathed loneliness, how much he missed friendly touch in the long months he spent in Afghanistan. His voice had sounded so small, as if the admission was one he hadn't wanted to make. Worse still is the way he sounded while missing Steve's touch while in the pocket dimension. Steve can't dwell on that thought long, it's too painful, too raw.
“Couldn't sleep, JARVIS said you were up so I came looking.” Steve whispers, afraid somehow that if he speaks loudly it will startle Tony away.
Steve thinks as Tony starts listing off the astounding properties of his new gear.  “And it's completely bulletproof, because I cannot BELIEVE that you were running around in tights.” Tony throws his hands up, giving a horrified little shriek “Tights!  You can't fight monsters and magic,"  Tony shudders, "in tights, Steve, it is a travesty, a disaster, but now you have.” Tony gets up, walking over to unzip the suit from inside its protective covering. “Stark Tech!” The robot makes a little buzzing 'ta da' sound, and Steve has to fight down the irrational urge to pet it.
“Gorgeous, you're so gorgeous, so beautiful, so good.” Steve feels like he might be rambling, but it's all true. Tony is all of those things and more whether he's flushed with pleasure beneath Steve, or wandering around his lab idly spinning ideas that will change the face of modern technology.
Still, when he looked back at Tony waving at him through the glass as he left the lab in search of more food from the kitchen, he couldn’t help but think about how amazing his touch felt.
In the morning though, he stood in front of the spotted mirror in his bathroom, and made sure his hair looked as perfect as it possibly could.  His shoes shined, his Sunday best on.  Steve turned from left to right, checking for holes or loose threads and finding none.  He remembered buying this suit, with his own money, he remembered how proud his ma’ had been, how she’d hugged him and told him how much he had grown.
It seems only logical to kiss him then. Tony sighs against his lips, welcoming him as if he's been waiting. He traces his tongue over the seam of Tony's mouth, shivering when it opens easily for him. Tony presses closer, bunching his hands in the fabric of Steve's shirt, then slipping them around his waist to spread his palms over the dip in his spine. It's a sweet kiss, but still lights a fire in Steve's blood. Something slow and simmering like embers twists through him when he gently tugs Tony's bottom lip between his teeth, and dark eyes slit open halfway to fix him with a hot expectant stare.
“Whatever you want to give me, whatever you feel comfortable with, if we never reach that point, I still want to try. Do
He perks up like a dog hearing a squeaky toy, pushing off from his makeshift crutch and smoothing the wrinkles of his suit-the jacket's long gone, but the rest has survived the day. It's still perfectly pressed of course, save for the slight creasing at the waistcoat where it's obvious he's been hunched over.
“Well, uh, I'm glad you approve, and it shouldn't be too terrible for you if we ever get whammied.” Tony tries to sound as reassuring as possible, he even pats Steve's hand. There, no harm done, hopefully Steve won't be too upset by their mutual inconvenient arousal. Even if Tony's is completely inappropriate. He had just wanted a kiss and then Tony had to go and make it
“Some, mo lus na gréine, some, my darling, they see things that have not come to pass yet. It only means you will travel far. To see these things, it means your soulmate loves you very much, and you will find each other one day.” His mother says, taking her usual spot on his bed. She looks both happy and sad. “Here, take this, it will keep you safe when I can't travel with you.” She reaches then to undo the gold clasp about her neck drawing out her saint Christopher's medal and passing it into his trembling hands. He hasn't been able to draw for weeks, too exhausted, too frail to even lift a pencil. He wonders how he will even live to see the wonders in his dreams, if it's all just fevered imaginings, wishful thinking. He tries to give it back, but she won't hear of it, pressing it back into his hand with a stubbornness that mirrors his own.
“Shove it Iron Panties, he's not one of my people.” Hawkeye grouches, turning his nose up. “We had better costumes.”
And that's just. Steve feels like his body is full of light. He feels like laughing, he feels like crying. Most of all he really wants to kiss Tony. He doesn't think anyone has ever felt that way about him, he's never felt
is lost on Hammer though, and he plows on, oblivious to the super soldier staring him down through the bars.
There is something odd though. This close most people's heartbeats are audible to him, but Mister Stark's seems to be missing. He sounds staticky almost, like the buzz of power-lines, or the faint fuzz of electrical activity he can feel emanating off the tiny sleek phone the man presses into his hand upon leading him to what is to become his new room.
He still felt all keyed up though, his body running hot.  The sun was too bright, and the city far louder than it usually seemed.  The bruises didn’t even hurt, though he knew they were there, and would probably hurt come the next day.  If his lungs hadn’t been making their best effort to do the impression of a faulty bellows, Steve would have chased those two goons down the street, but he had what he came for, and the elderly beta woman was in need of her pills more than Steve was in need of punching one of those fatheads again.
Steve feels himself go hot all over. “Something old, something new, something borrowed-” Steve says against Tony's ear.
“I'll bring it to his lab then. If he lets me in. If not I'll just leave it outside the doors for him.  He can take it or leave it, but I'd like to try, just the same.” Steve makes it sound like Tony letting him into the lab so he can feed him is a personal favor to
“Oh yeah? You know any fancy skating tricks?” Steve asks, throwing an arm over Tony's shoulder to steer him towards the building entrance.
He shrugs, crawling out from beneath his hiding spot, only to come face to face with Steve. “Oh shhh-sneaky! You're way too big to move that quietly.” He exclaims, but Steve just smiles, reaching out to pick a feather out of his hair.
“You're a very cute caterpillar.” Steve says, announcing his presence as he pushes off the wall to come striding towards Tony.
Afterwards they returned to their suite, and Tony apologetically unpacked a laptop and a tablet, and sat down to work.  He was only partially still in his suit.  The waistcoat, tie, and jacket were hanging up somewhere in the bedroom.  The little glowing lights were back in his ears.  Steve now knew that was a phone headset.  He was speaking rapidly in a language Steve didn’t understand.  He sounded vaguely annoyed, crossing one leg over the other and picking his tablet off the coffee table.  His shoes were off, and he was down to his dress socks.  A thin gold anklet was visible now, he wondered who’d gifted that, anklets were a pretty personal gift.  Not as much as a necklace or a choker, but still familiar.  He imagined giving one to Tony himself, kneeling at Tony’s feet and doing up the little clasp.  He swallowed.
Steve POV for this chapter!  Warnings for water-related things, talk of drowning, references to suicidal ideation, and religious imagery.
“I might have a hard time saying it later outside of here, but I love you too, so much, Steve.” It's easy to hold him close after that, their conversation becomes quieter and quieter, until both of them are struggling to stay awake.
“You think I'm sweet?” He manages to choke out, gripping more tightly at the bedhead and staring up at Tony through blurry eyes, almost unaware of what he's saying.
“My friend!” Thor calls, setting down what looks to be an entire turkey. “Soon you will be a beautiful butterfly!” Thor grabs Tony from Steve's arms, swinging him around in a circle.
How Rhodey manages to sound smug via text is an ongoing mystery, but he's sure JARVIS had something to do with it. JARVIS is fired. Rhodey is fired. Are the two of them talking about him?
“Tense.” Steve observes, digging his thumbs in and nearly twitching when Tony lets out a long drawn out groan, slumping back in his chair bonelessly.
“Scans detect an amount likely to be Captain Roger's shield is one mile due east.” JARVIS says after a few moments of silence.  Iron Man nods, getting an arm around Steve's waist and encouraging him to step up on the jet boots as they've done many times before. The take off into the sky is as gentle as it's ever been, as if Iron Man is trying to be extra careful about his injury. Steve smiles, if Tony wouldn't think he was making moves on Iron Man he'd give the cheek of the faceplate a kiss right about now.
His wondering was interrupted by Iron Man’s return.  He was holding a large navy blue blanket bundled in his arms.  “Here we go, special delivery.”  Iron Man stepped up close, unfolding the blanket and beginning to tuck it around Steve’s seated form.  It was warm, really warm, and smelled of something metallic, and woodsy and spiced.  Oh.  He wondered if it belonged to Iron Man himself, to Tony Stark.  Steve covertly tucked the blanket a little closer as it heated further.  Tony Stark was probably an alpha then, if his blankets smelled like that.  Steve felt his ears go a little red.  He’d cuddled plenty of other alphas after a rush, bedded a few too.  He wondered if Iron Man was coming down from a rush at the moment just as he was.
obscene. He just doesn't understand what everyone in this century seems to have against men's thighs.
“Mm, you do like the thought of that, I see that look on your face,” The toy is moving inside him as he speaks, and Steve can only moan and nod, feeling his face and chest heat, because it's true, and Tony knows him so well. “Next time, I'll wear a Kiton, the one with the blue you say makes my eyes look pretty, and you can go to town, darling. Mess me up just the way you like. Do you want that?” Tony's eyes are so blue, so full of affection, as if getting all dressed up and having Steve come on him is some kind of prize. Well, he supposed that's mutual, letting Tony debauch him while he's still fully in his tactical gear is a sort of habit for them now, and Steve does look forward to it enough to cut debriefs short if Tony looks at him a certain way.
“Good to meet you, Widow."  He says, testing out the name he heard Hawkeye call out earlier.  The quirk of her lips tells him he got it right "Is there anything I should know about Mister Stark-since I'm gonna be staying in his house and all.” He ventures hesitantly.
“Mmm, that’s absolutely lovely darling, perfect and precise, just like my man.”  The smile is evident in his voice, and Steve can’t help but redden a little bit to hear the praise Tony always lavishes him with.  When they first got together he used to think the praise, the pet names, were all a put on; but Tony really means it all, the sweet names and the glowing regard.  No one has ever treated him this way. Like he’s something good, like he’s something
“Thank you Chirpy Number One, it's nice to know my assets are appreciated for the work of art they are.” Tony demurs, resolutely not meeting Steve's eyes. Clint shoots him a thumbs up and then resumes flailing in Carol's iron grip.
The next morning he called on the De Rossi’s, telling them he was shipping out soon, and not to worry when his visits and gym training sessions stopped.  They held him together, prayed for his safety, and had made him a breakfast feast fit for a king.  It was bittersweet, they were both proud of him, that much was obvious, but they were afraid too.  He thought of their pictures of Eleonora, the empty seat at the dining room table, and he hoped he wouldn’t become an empty seat too.
He went to the kitchen to eat and grab snacks first, and then trekked down to set up in the satellite feed room. At first he wasn’t sure what to look for, scrolling aimlessly through coordinates while he tried to come up with a plan.
“Got sick just after you left, one of the board members infected us all. They've all recovered but I'm still..I'm still. Tony hates revealing any kind of weakness, even if it's something far beyond his control. That he trusts Steve enough to even tell him this is monumental, even if they have been together now for months. Tony Stark is the kind of person that complains about the weather while he's dying. “Yeah, my chest hurts.” Tony finally says, body going lax when Steve slips a hand away from Tony's back, and between them. His fingers crawl up under Tony's shirt, leaving gentle touches, soothing over Tony's clavicles, pressing his thumb against taut pectoral muscles.
Tony smiles, leaning up to kiss Steve's forehead. “Don't be embarrassed. I'm glad you asked, because I'd want you to be the one too, or maybe Thor.” Tony says with a thoughtful pause that Steve shares. What can he say, big and blond is his type when it comes to men.
being praised.” Steve says, catching on immediately, one hand going up to stroke through the dark tousle of his hair.
It was short lived, but it had been a one time sort of thing anyway.  It didn’t break Steve’s heart, but later, back at his hotel where he was staking out another Goddamned spy, he missed the calming presence of another person beside him.
“Yes.” Natasha says. Something in her expression tells him he's not going to like the next thing out of her mouth.  “Does the name Tiberius Stone mean anything to you?”
sized, it's not my fault that you and Thor are giving the Jolly Green Giant a run for his money. I'm not even that much shorter than you, this is discrimination against those of us with non godly physiques, I'm going to lodge a complaint...with...someone.” Tony says, trying to maintain his dour demeanor in the face of Steve picking him up and spinning them around in a dancing sort of twirl. It's not working out very well for him.  He should take Steve dancing one of these days.  "You'll be hearing from my lawyer."  He adds for good measure.  He can feel the corners of his lips twitching though, so it can't be too convincing.
“Oh don’t worry about me dear, but my bag, there’s pictures of my grandbabies in there, and my prescriptions for my heart.”  A frail hand clung to Steve’s arm, and Steve patted it, before helping the elderly woman to her feet.
Stark is curled in on himself, head tucked against his knees hiding his face from view. His right arm curves under a thick sweatshirt, pressing somewhere along his chest. Steve can just make out a large M and a T. He remembers Jan saying in passing that Mister Stark had gone to college MIT and wonders if this is an old souvenir of the place. It looks much more comfortable than the snappy suits Steve has caught himself staring at a little too closely. He steps closer, careful to avoid the expensive technology on the floor.
“No, ordering out would mess up my whole Tony Stark is in Fiji rumor. Besides, I like cooking.” Well, that's something Steve didn't know. The other times they have spent together Tony has ordered food for them, or already had entire four course meals in his refrigerator.
His mouth worked, no sound came out for a moment, and then he cleared his throat and spoke. “Steve honey, say something? I’m sorry, I should have asked first, I get carried away, too much, I always do too much. I should have run it by you first, God that’s so insensitive, I’m, I-I made Captain America cry, sick and wrong and-”
He's around Steve's age, wearing a perfectly pressed charcoal gray suit. The jacket is tossed across one of the couches haphazardly. His hair is dark and styled immaculately. Dark lashes frame honey colored eyes, he's shorter than Steve, smaller framed but not thin, with a fastidiously trimmed van dyke.
Two months after their return from being scattered, Steve declares Tony legally dead. It's the worst day of his life, and Steve has had enough bad days to fill a book.
“Sure I-okay, yeah It's going to be amazing I'm sure. God I've seen you eat ice cream, their profits are going to increase at least ten percent today.” In the rear-view mirror Happy's eyes catch his when Steve kisses his cheek fondly. Fuck. He's so fucked. Everyone knows he is, he may as well just give in completely. What did Rhodey say again?
“Look, I learned how to play from a card shark of a Sicilian grandmother, I know a card cheat when I see one.”  He said with a seriousness he didn’t feel.  Tony started shuffling the cards again.  Steve raised an eyebrow in challenge.
Steve was nine the first time he understood he might be alone for the rest of his life.  It was early, the few minutes before Mrs. Carmichael would unfailingly put down the newest Sears and Roebuck catalog and begin taking roll.  He remembered his ma’ looking at some curtains in that very same catalog just one evening before, before she had sighed, dog-eared the page, and put it away.  The way she always had when the winter chill started to make itself known, and Steve’s breathing rattled in his chest.  The way she had since his father had passed away, and their blankets had become thinner and thinner every year, and his socks gathered holes no matter how dutifully they were darned.
“Sit down then Captain Handsome, I'll teach you some. You have an eidetic memory right? Should make this a piece of cake.” Tony wants to teach him to play. Tony wants to take time out of his night to teach him something. Tony is staring up at him as if Steve could possibly ever say no to him. Steve feels a rush of butterflies in his stomach so intensely that he nearly kisses Tony right then.
“Yeah!”  Steve said, nearly jolting the compress from his face in his enthusiasm.  “How, how do you know that?”
“I’ll besmirch all I like, you’re the one that climbed into my bed, Hayward.”  He griped, not without fondness.  Hayward just rolled her eyes, snuggling a little closer.  She was quiet for a few minutes, long enough for Steve to think she had fallen asleep, but she finally spoke, quieter than he’d really ever heard her.
“I always find soup wholly unsatisfying unless I have at least a few crackers with it.  Jarvis always makes faces, but he likes marmite, so he can’t be trusted.”  He sat back, swung his legs, saying nothing while watching Steve making his way through the delicious broth with all the determination of a soldier on a mission.
“Ask and ye shall receive, gorgeous.”   Tony said, and then whipped him up into the sky.  There were times in this new century where he felt less alive than dead, as if he was merely sleepwalking.  But this, he was meant to do this.  To stand back to back with his team, with Iron Man.  He belonged here.
“Someone broke them out, and they’re spreading some kind of adhesive substance all over, the brooklyn bridge is at a standstill.”  Giant Man was reading a file, he could see all sorts of chemical diagrams in it he couldn’t make heads or tails of.  However, the mention of adhesive, that was interesting, and not in a good way.
“Captain, Man of Iron, we have found Asgardian summon runes on the tracks, I would advise caution, there is something of great power here.” Thor's voice is loud over the comms, echoing around the clearing hollowly. He sees Iron Man reach for the shield out of the corner of his eye as something moves in the cave at the same time.
“Let's take care of this and I'll take you to that place you like with the espresso and the spumoni, what do you think?” The clang of his shield slamming through another wave of bugs rings through his ears, but he ignores it in favor of looking up at Tony-catching his shield without looking when it spins back on the rebound
“Okay, lay it on me then, I'm all ears, sweetheart.”  Maybe if he says it enough, maybe he'll be brave enough to tell Tony how he really feels.  Either way, the endearment earns him a long kiss that leaves him half hard and leaking. He hopes Tony won't be the one washing these pants.
Steve, that’s not,” Tony slid closer, his hands fluttered around, and finally rested on Steve’s shoulders, warm through his shirt. “Steve, you’re supposed to be brought down, supposed to have reprieve. No one is meant to stay in a rush, drop cycle indefinitely. Even alphas who aren’t supersoldiers, and I can only imagine what the serum is doing to you, oh my God, Steve.” He looked horrified, his eyes so wide and blue.
“Come down here, watch the snow with me, you're the only one not out there, wouldn't want you to miss it.”
“Go get your boyfriend, he's been in there all alone for I don't know how long decorating that giant thing.” Natasha says as she passes him with a mug of steaming hot chocolate.
“Fine doesn’t give a supersoldier dark undereye circles, babe.  I’m a pro at not sleeping, I know what it looks like.”  Tony wasn’t looking away, this close Steve could see the flecks of darker blue in his eyes.  He smelled like metal, and the spicy, woodsy scent Steve had come to associate with him.
“I love you too you know, since, god-forever.” Steve has a moment to panic over the shine of emotion in Tony's eyes, and then he's being hugged fiercely, Tony kissing him as if he could never get enough. He answers those kisses eagerly, clasping Tony tightly against his body, and murmuring affirmations against Tony's lips as he breaks the kiss to take deep shuddering breaths.
-Sexual content----that's right, the fic finally starts to earn its rating.  Discussions of a bondage nature as well although there isn't any in this chapter, but it is discussed.
“Stoppit, I got you, I got you, you don’t have to worry.”  Steve said, aware his voice was shaking, that his eyes were wild and dilated with the rush.  Strange, even with the way his body was singing, he should still have felt an impact, the pressure from being shot, but he felt nothing.  Slowly he raised his head, looking around to see the other cadets had scattered out wide.  General Phillips was standing beside the private with the live rounds, but he was staring at Steve.  Beneath him Waters swore again, raked a hand over his face, and pushed Steve off of himself with trembling hands.  Steve checked him over, patting every part of Waters to make sure he wasn’t bleeding somewhere.
“She does, when I let her. I don't know if you know this but I can be a little-” Tony laughs. “guarded, it takes me a while to trust.”
“Come anytime, let me taste you, look how pretty you are, you look so beautiful like this,” Tony says, low and full of praise. His mouth is on Steve's cock again just a moment later, or it could have been a long time later. Steve doesn't know, time doesn't seem important, only Tony seems important. Tony wants to see him come, likes it when he does. The pleasure is so bright, so good, his toes are curling, he's dimly aware of the noises he's making but they seem so far away, unimportant next to the wet heat of Tony's mouth, the way he looks there between Steve's legs. He feels like he belongs here in Tony's bed-and God that's good, he loves it so much, loves Tony so much, wants to stay here always, wants to be with Tony always.
After replacing his sheets, he finally dared to pick up the tablet again. It was still on Tony’s picture, and he hastily scrolled down into the accompanying article. Maybe he shouldn’t have read it, this was something from Tony’s past, but Tony himself had spoken about it, so he obviously wasn’t trying to hide it.
As if summoned by his train of thought they turn a corner and a man is waiting for them in the entryway to a smaller more comfortable looking sitting room than some of the others they have already passed.
Back in the war he remembered seeing eight pagers with omegas posed a little like that in them, only a hell of a lot more naked, wet between the legs, wearing wedded gloves, like they were waiting just for whoever was looking at them. Steve dropped the tablet on the bed and groaned. He shouldn’t have looked, he shouldn’t have. All of his fantasies were predicated on the knowledge that Tony was an alpha, but Tony wasn’t an alpha, he was an omega. Steve’s whole body felt hot, too hot, he’d spent so long feeling cold and shaky that it felt almost foreign.
“Yeah.” Steve breathes out, laying a hand over the arc reactor to feel it pulsing away steadily. “Yeah it was.”
I see you about to open your mouth to talk, zip it.” He says, miming a zipping motion.  Tony snaps his mouth shut with a click.  “They're
“Is it that so?” Tony laughs, the gravity from before melting away as Steve produces his big yellow prize from inside the bag he set down by the door.
“Different parameters, throw out the whole framework.” He mutters to himself. Tony has been with a lot of people, but he's never been with someone who wants something like this. Giving lavish gifts and taking his lovers out to expensive restaurants is expected. That Steve wants to show Tony around and treat him like he's
“Yeah well, I only wanna massage you sweetheart, so my client list would be pretty empty.” Steve says with complete sincerity. Tony can't even think up anything to say to that, so he just sinks into the contact. If this is some kind of last moments wish fulfillment thing and he's off somewhere dying while this all plays out in his head, he hopes no one snaps him out of it.  “Can I get a good morning kiss Mister Stark?” Steve asks after a few minutes in which Tony has been trying and failing to regain his mental faculties.
“I can't believe we have to fight him again!” Hawkeye yells from his perch atop a building. He's firing off electrified arrows left and right with impressive precision.
“So you admit you feel like shit.” Steve observes, laughing when that earns him a poke in the side from one of Tony's blanket covered hands.
“Do you want to build a snowman?” Tony asks, shooting Steve a nasty look over the little girl's shoulder when Steve starts humming the tune to a song.
“I did say that, would you like to?”  Tony’s hand doesn’t still in its petting, but he does sit up further, gaze roving over Steve’s face, expression curious.
He doesn't say that though, he's too warm, too happy to make the mood so heavy, and Tony hasn't said it yet, but actions speak loudest of all, and he doesn't think Tony would act like this if he didn't mean it.  At least he desperately hopes that is the case, even if it does seem unreal that someone like Tony Stark would love him of all people. Steve shakes that off though; Tony is here now isn't he? He said he wanted to be here.
“Tony, now's not the time for jokes, they can't find anything wrong physically but every time we try and debrief you, you pass out. JARVIS had to pry you out of the armor.” Blue eyes says as if that's supposed to mean something to him, but Tony barely registers this completely incomprehensible statement, staring at the man incredulously.
“I've got something for you, speaking of presents.” Steve looks nervous suddenly, the uncharacteristic expression creasing the spot between his eyebrows into a little dent. Tony wants to kiss it. “Here, let's get off the sidewalk.” Steve walks them over to a well kept square, bringing Tony to sit with him on a bench.
Steve thinks. When their gazes meet Tony's smile softens further, and he rubs his thumb over Steve's cheek, tracing the bone, his touch settling against the short hair at his temple. “Hi there, gorgeous, how are you feeling?” Tony asks, settling more heavily atop him. It shouldn't be comfortable, they're both messy and sweaty, but it's perfect. It's difficult to put into words how he feels right now, difficult to explain that he feels gilded, as if he's laying in the warmest ray of sunshine, as if nothing terrible could ever touch him.
Tony's answering smile is blinding. “Good, go take a shower while I get things set up. Your pajamas will be hanging on the door. We'll cook dinner together after you finish up, darling.”
Tony strolls in five days later as if he never left. His hands are full, tech glasses across his nose, a tablet in each hand, and tiny little glowing lights peek out from inside his ears. JARVIS is having a discussion with him that is moving too quickly for Steve to follow, but he catches the words “New material” and “fucking tights” and he just knows Tony is talking smack about his uniform.
“Maybe it would have been better if it was the way Mister Stark thought.” He says with sudden feeling, unable to hide the way his voice cracks with the raw despair of it. Beside him Iron man's hands flutter as if he wants to reach out again.
“Someone else he stepped out with, they're why we're having this little tête-à-tête, aren't they?" The words sound gritted out but Steve can't help it. Just the thought of what Rhodes implied makes something hot and furious settle in his gut.
“I don’t know.” Tony whispers, standing with his feet in the sand. The surf breaks over his ankles, soaks the legs of his trousers. “I think it feels like drowning.”
“Course I do.” Steve murmurs, cupping Tony's cheek with one broad palm. Tony leans into it without a second thought. “My fella made it, didn't he?” He's speaking softly, almost as if he's afraid Tony will spook and go running off, but that's the furthest thing from his thoughts right now. All he wants is to be closer, to be wrapped up in Steve, for Steve to hold him close.
The debacle with Arsenal throws that into sharp relief. Steve wants to understand, but Tony is tight lipped about it, shying away and changing the subject whenever it's brought up. The barely veiled sadness in his eyes is what finally convinces Steve to stop asking.
“Yeah, working on a more streamlined armor, it's a lot of detail work-” Tony yawns, rubbing his face against Steve's leg sleepily. “I'll finish it tomorrow I think, fingers were going numb.” He finishes, sighing when Steve scratches lightly over his scalp.
“Thanks sweetums, you're still the best bird in the flock.” Tony murmurs with a slight smile. Sam crosses his arms over his chest, pointedly clearing his throat. “Oh? Did I start some sort of birdie competition?” The smile is real now, but drops off his face when Natasha nods over at him.
“You’re not alone,” He said, daring to reach out and clasp her shoulder, “we’re Avengers, we’re a team, I got your back, Widow.” He meant it too. Sure, he missed the forties something terrible, but he couldn’t go back, and he was surprised to find he didn’t want to, not anymore. The team needed him here, they cared about each other, about him, they wanted him to find a home among them, and he wanted that too.
Or at least that's what he tells himself when he goes to stare at his infinity pool just to prove he can look at it without running. That's all child's play compared to the truly fucked things his subconscious cooks up once he drags his tired carcass to sleep. It's the face of the closest thing he'd had to a father looming over him and hefting a glowing light in broad familiar hands while Tony screams and chokes on his own blood.
Awareness comes back to him in waves. Sound eddies around him as though he's still underwater. There is a cushion beneath his back, bright lights above him paint the insides of his lids with warm rosy colors. Strange, he doesn't remember descriptions of the afterlife including the smell of disinfectant. His body feels heavy, blood pooling in his limbs as if he's been still for far too long. There should be grittiness to his eyelids, but they feel smooth and clean, as if someone had dabbed at them with a cloth. A steady beeping sound sings along with what he knows to be his own heartbeat somewhere to the left. His fingers tingle, and it hits him with sudden crystal clarity that he is not dead at all. As if to drive that point home the muffled sound of voices trickles into his range of hearing.
“I almost feel bad about eating these.” Tony says, when they're all comfortably sprawled around one of the sitting rooms with giant mugs of hot cocoa and heaping plates of decorated cookies. Steve inclines his head in Hulk's direction.
He gunned it all the way to their destination, with Tony laughing and windblown beside him.  When they arrived and hopped out of the car, Tony’s hair was a riot of disheveled curls, his suit was still perfectly pressed, but Steve thought he looked even better than usual a little messy.
“Okay, sure thing then fella, I won’t press, but, you know, if you ever need an ear, I’ve got your back, Iron Man.”  He said, unwinding his arm from around Tony to take both of his gloved hands.  He rubbed his thumbs over the smooth leather covering Tony’s knuckles, and Tony just stared as if he’d never seen anything like him before.
“I'm sorry, and thank you.” He says, wishing he could really be saying this to Iron Man's face and not the expressionless faceplate.
“What I said in the jet, on the way here.” Tony feels the bottom drop out of his stomach. Steve is going to take it back. After what Hammer said about him he's going to say it was a mistake. Maybe he still wants the physical aspect, but telling Tony he loved him was a mistake. Tony's heard this before, Steve will probably be nice about it, but in the end it always means the same thing.
the thought of a blindfold is so terrifying, but it is, it definitely is. Wood slats at the bottom of a barrel, sloshing water, hands on the back of his neck. He's on his knees in the hallway, eyes clamped shut, drowning on dry land.
“Hey winghead, it's okay, really.” He says gently, reaching out to take Steve's hand where it has balled into a fist at his side.
Hours, and several body scans later, Steve climbed into Tony’s private jet holding something that looked like an artist’s portfolio.  It was lightweight, but padded on the inside, with a set of biolocks on the handle.  There were little compartments all over it, and all sorts of thoughtful additions which would make it suitable for carrying real art supplies, and not just his shield.  It was clearly not something Tony just whipped up, he’d been working on it.
“What,”  Steve started, only to be cut off by Dr. Erskine leading him into a more secluded area, and into a much smaller space, which Steve realized must have been Dr. Erskine’s office.  It was a nicely decorated office.  There were personal touches here and there, a pair of slippers, a modest sized cigar humidor that all spoke of long hours spent without returning home.
“Doesn't matter that he's rich and a genius, that kind of thing can happen to anyone. Lotta terrible stuff happens behind closed doors.” Steve continues undeterred.  Tony swallows. That kind of hits a little too close to home. He wishes suddenly that someone like Steve had been around for him when he was young. He could have used those words when he met-some of the people he met. Tony shakes himself from those dark thoughts however, it's not the time to think about that.
“Okay, well, I’m going to keep working for a little while, I’ll be here if you need me.”  Tony said, and then there was the sound of him shuffling back over to the couch.
“Sure, sure thing fella, I’ll be right back.”  He said, turning to very purposefully leave the kitchen.  As soon as the doors swung shut behind him, he ran to his room, afraid if he was any slower his better sense would kick in and his nerve would fizzle out.
“Ah, I see, well then, you are in the right place, go get changed, and meet me at the punching bags in the back.”  Lorenzo said, his gaze warm and understanding.
“No. I told you, this is my problem.” Besides, what is he going to say, someone broke into my private Seattle labs and left me a note and now I'm panicking? The very idea is ridiculous.
“That's not him, looks like him, but that's not him, that's an AI-no offense JARVIS, but I'd like to see the real deal. Where's Tony.” Tony knows he ought to be a little disturbed by the fact that there's a holographic AI that looks exactly like him wandering around somewhere in the tower, but he just feels relieved. If he's as important as everyone seems to think he is, then all of his memories being gone could present a huge problem.
“Up to you, not susceptible to any of the regular stuff, you know that.”  Steve says warmly, running his hand down Tony's back just to feel the softness of his skin over hard muscle.  Tony seems to think that over, then he's reaching back, covering Steve's cock with that palmful of slick. Steve groans, nearly knocking his head back against the headboard when Tony gives him a few tight strokes, and rubs over the sensitive spot just under the head.
Thank you once again to BLOSSOMSINTHEMIST for being amazing and continuing to read and cheer me on, and for being a font of great ideas.  ILY
The next few days were calm, however, which was a good thing and a bad thing.  Good, in the sense Steve was happy no civilians were being terrorized or property was being damaged.  Good also in that in his spare time he’d found an art supply store and bought up more supplies than he ever would have dreamed of during or before the war.  It was an astronomical sum of money to spend on a hobby, but it was something to do in the long hours of the night when sleep eluded him.  But it was also bad in the sense that Steve couldn’t relax even more than usual.  As he laid there desperately striving for sleep, unable to even concentrate enough to paint, he wished suppressants affected him in some way.  Back in the war, he’d tried them on General Phillips’ behest while they tested where his new biological baselines were.  All different combinations and all different doses.  They all did a whole lot of nothing, his body burned them out faster than he could take them.  Or the doses required made him violently ill for a few hours before blowing away like so much smoke.
“What, Thor? No I think he's happy with the super soldier he's got following him around lately.” Tony snarks, eyeing Thor's path towards another booth that demands feats of strength.  Tony foresees more bills coming his way, Thor and his massive biceps will not be tamed.  Steve laughs, oblivious to Tony's ongoing damage calculations, cuffing Tony on the shoulder companionably-but carefully, it barely registers.
“Probably better than you, Shellhead, did you even sleep, or did you just fly straight back from Los Angeles to go to a meeting?”  Steve fought the urge to wince.  That was not at all how he wanted that to come out.
“You are unreal, do you know that? I'm sure if you asked he'd hand himself over on a silver platter.” Iron Man pauses. “Probably with bells on if you wanted. You know what they say about him.” Iron Man continues, and Steve feels himself go tense, panic disappearing in the face of simmering anger. Not at Tony, but at the people who write the sort of stories Iron Man is referring to. Learning how to use the tablet, Steve has come across a lot of ugly articles about Tony Stark. Tony with a sleek smile on his face, Tony with a drink in his hand and a man or a woman on the other, Tony who looks nothing like that when he's around people he trusts. Steve hates those articles, hates the people that write them, that try so hard to tear down, to dissect, to demonize.  “Lotta trash all of it. Doesn't matter what they say, and it doesn't change anything about how I feel.” Steve grouses, and Iron man shifts an infinitesimal fraction closer. Steve hears him take a long breath, but before he can voice whatever is on his mind the train gives a horrifying shudder.
“That's doctor sugar britches to you. What about my doctorates, emphasis on the 's'? As in I have several, I'm being insulted, betrayed.” Tony says seriously, but the corners of his eyes are crinkling up. Bruce is just shaking his head. Tony still lets Steve hug him close, and later he doesn't protest when Steve holds his hand under the table, so he counts it as a win.
After the authorities arrived and carted off Mole Man and the Moloids, the whole stadium seemed to stream out on the field to clasp their arms and congratulate them.  They signed autographs, and then they posed with the Seahawks for pictures.  They each got signed shirts from the entire team, and cute mini commemorative footballs, along with a standing invitation to the best seats in CenturyLink Field back in Seattle.
Three weeks and just as many missions as a team later it's not the cake walk of their first few battles together. Victor Von Doom is a menace, a menace who insists on being called Doctor Doom. Steve wants to punch him in the face just on principle for coming up with that name. Punching him in the face is rapidly downgraded on the list of acceptable punishments when Doom calls a brass band's worth of giant robots to himself and perches atop one like the world's ugliest Jiminy Cricket.
When he gets to the location Spiderman is already there. He greets them with a little fanboy dance of joy that Tony is both amused by and ignores for the kid's own dignity. Peter is a fully fledged Avenger now, but he still seems to think it's some kind of collective prank they're all playing on him. Tony pats his head carefully with one armored hand, snickering under his breath when he ends up with a spider kid crawling all over the suit cooing about the new upgrades. Anyone who loves his tech this much can definitely stick around-that the kid is smart and super strong doesn't hurt either. Even if the thought of someone so young throwing themselves into danger makes Tony a little queasy. Parker is going to do it anyway, he may as well have the Avengers at his back.
planning something. I thought you knew this.” He squeezes the plush against his chest, looking down at it contemplatively, tracing over the embroidered hearts it sports for eyes.  “Steve, I know you're bent on this courting business, but I want to give you gifts too.” Tony says, and Steve sighs, leaning in to rest their foreheads together. This close the faint flecks of silvery gray are visible in his irises. Tony swallows reflexively at the gentle touch of Steve's fingers rubbing at the nape of his neck.
“What's he avoiding, did he try to weaponize one of my paintbrushes again while I was gone?” That had been an interesting surprise. Steve remembers staring at the charred hole in his canvas for a good five minutes before Tony sheepishly admitted he may have gotten inspired after watching a James Bond movie. Steve pulls his shirt on, glancing around the room for anything out of place.
“How much I want you, how much I want this.” Tony steps close again before he can respond, winding his arms around Steve's neck and pulling him down until their mouths meet again.
relax, chill, you're all acting like this is a matter of national security instead of-well whatever this is.” Silence meets his words.
“Just Steve Rogers is fine, don't wanna be Cap all the time. Sometimes I just want to come home to my sweetheart.” It's ridiculous, Steve talking to him like this as if he's some kind of war bride waiting for a soldier to come back home, but as usual Steve's sincerity means he pulls it off. Judging from the smile on his face he knows he's pulling it off too.
Steve groaned, rolling up into a sitting position.  He needed a shower badly, especially if he was going to take Clint and Natasha up on their training offer. For cripes sake, he couldn’t let his libido get in the way of a more seamless experience on the field.
"Hey, what about me?"  Spidey breaks in, coming to perch on the wheel at a harrowing sideways angle.  Tony will never get used to that.
good, you don't even know.” Tony grinds out, emphasizing the last word by reaching down to get a double handful of Steve's ass and using that as leverage to grind against him. It punches a loud moan from his throat.
“Cap! Haha...oh god what the-” Tony bucks under him, slapping ineffectually at his shoulders as Steve pins him to the floor.  “Stoppit, stop! I'm serious! heee-” Tony's legs rise up, locking around his torso in an attempt to roll them both over, but Steve holds him fast, laughing against his captive as he squirms and twists with impressive strength. Were it not for the serum, Steve knows he would probably be rolling across the floor right this moment. He makes a mental note to compliment Tony on his core strength training later, making a double note when a flailing elbow catches him in the shoulder with enough force to make him grunt.  “Steve! Steven Grant Rogers, you ass!” Tony wails, and Steve finally relents, rising up onto his elbows to lean over Tony; grinning down at him unabashedly. Steve's breathing is a little heavy, but Tony looks wrecked. His hair is mussed, Spots of color riding high on his cheeks, and a dark flush tints his olive skin a lovely rosy hue; the flush all the more striking for the glowing blue at the center of his chest.
Face to face with himself in the mirror he nearly gasps. His hair is an absolute wreck, there's stubble creeping up his neck, and his once pristine suit is completely disheveled. Tony blinks, tugging the unbuttoned collar of his shirt down to reveal the dark bruise right where his shoulder and neck meet. Tony sucks his bottom lip between his teeth, pressing at the mark and shivering with the memory of Steve putting it there.
The article was full of pictures of Tony, a young Tony with a man labeled as his father, being paraded around society events. He didn’t look happy in those photos at all, just small and lonely, and far too young to be holding champagne glasses. There were photos from later, Tony at an inventions expo, Tony giving speeches and showing off incredible technology. Red carpet events and parties filled the pages with Tony in his press smile with a gorgeous date on each arm. There were yet more pictures as well, pictures of him on the arm of a tall muscular blond, with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes, and the same steady gloves and diamond choker he wore in the cover photo around his neck. More pictures followed of the pair at various functions, with Tony looking increasingly drunk and cornered. Sure he was smiling, but Steve had become a connoisseur of sorts of Tony’s smiles. These were anything but happy, regardless of how his partner seemed to be showing him around like a trophy with his own slick white shark’s grin. Steve felt his skin crawl just looking at the guy. What he read about the big palooka didn’t really help matters either:
Tony drawled sleepily, his eyes trying to multi-task by pouring his fist cup of joe and watching the sheathed muscles of Steve Roger's back as he worked the spatula and pancakes. Never mind where his eyes travelled.  The scent realization of food hit Tony's gut like a freight train.
Steve grinned. "I kinda like it. Headquarters of the Avengers. Avengers Tower. Kinda has a nice ring to it, don't you think?"
"Believe what you will Sweetheart. But I think you forget. I'm a soldier. I fight for what I believe in and what I love. I believe in us. I love the idea of us. I already know how you are. And that's okay. I tell you what. You let this soldier cry on your shoulder in occasion and I'll be your shield. It really is that simple Tony, but even now. Even you freaking out like I'm gonna say to hell with it won't stop. I want you to be mine Tony. I want you to wear one of my dog tags like we're in high school and go out and cuddle and make out and get into fights and make up from them. Don't you see that?"
Tony had only come to the kitchen for a fresh pot of coffee. He still had no idea were Steve had gone. Tony stood with his hands in his pockets before heading into the kitchen. His hopeful eyes scanning over the lonely expanse of his grandiose living room.
It was all Steve could do to finally release the kiss. It was a fleeting preview of Tony's taste and soft lips framed by the luxurious and surprisingly soft mustache and goatee. He wanted more.
It was Tony's turn to hope he wasn't turning pink. He put on his best thoughtful face and regarded Steve squarely.
