Attempting to be sexy, Steve contorts his body into some kind of slither as he makes his way to Tony. He wants to get his mouth around Tony’s cock, wants to bite a bruise into Tony’s chest, or something, anything. Tony just grabs his hand though, threads their fingers together, and situates Steve on his lap so that Steve is sitting on his thighs and both of their hard cocks are visible between them. Tony always leaks something fierce, so his length is thick, and wet and Steve wants it inside of him like
. Plus, they get loud during sex. They’re allowed to be loud! Steve can enjoy this, he’s allowed to enjoy sex with Tony and not for Tony’s sake but just for the sake of holy shit that feels amazing please more! It’s wonderful.
“How are you baby? Feelin’ good?” Tony asks sweetly, nodding earnestly.
, sweetheart, put your
“No, thanks,” Steve murmurs, beginning to turn away when Tony catches his hand and spins him back round to face him. His brown eyes are intense, appraising. Steve is blushing already. “Yeah?”  he asks.
“You’re right, you’re right—oh fuck—daddy, I’m sorry. Whatever you want, sorry! I mean—” he yelps when Tony adds another finger, forcing him open and massaging over his slick, quivering insides, “
“Thank you,” he replied with a grin. “I feel pretty great, too.”
“You wish,” Paulette scoffed quietly as she pulled apart a blueberry cake donut and pointed one end at Steve. “She’s gonna skin you first, and then if you’re lucky she’ll kill you.”
Tony’s smile faded and he blinked at him in confusion, and it wasn’t until Steve noticed the clear look of hurt in Tony’s expression that he realized his mistake.
“Hey, Steve,” Tony said with forced cheer, reaching for his hand when Steve sat down across the table. “What’s on your mind, darling?”
“It doesn’t require a lot of thought once you get into it. Writing is what I know, I… when the world becomes too much, I create another one. I got home that night after the questioning, and I couldn’t sleep. I couldn’t—I don’t know how you do it,” he interrupted himself, his expression solemn and unrecognizable from only minutes earlier. “I don’t know how you can have a life outside of what you do, you—lives depend on you, families depend on you. All I had to do was answer a few questions and I couldn’t function. I went through the motions, but nothing felt right. So I stayed up and I wrote. The feedback helps,” he added with a wry, self-deprecating smile. “It helped, I mean. With all this.”
“I have you to thank for that, don’t I? Imperial College London offered me a research fellowship, two year contract. Who are you?”
“To be honest, I was as confused as you by this assignment. I think there’s been a mistake,” Chris replied with a nervous, jittery laugh. “But, I got to watch the movie early! Plus—okay, I've never done this before, I can't give any spoilers, but I just have to tell you, I freaking loved it. That was so f-bomb cool! You guys did amazing work.”
“Carter, what do I pack for a ranch in Bumfuck Nowhere, Oklahoma?”
“You know what, Sparky? I like this. This is how I want to wake up every day. First rule: no clothes. At all, ever. Your blue eyes, these soft lips…” he brushed his lips over Steve’s, as if to highlight whose lips he wanted. “Think you can do that for me?”
“Barton’s waiting,” Natasha reminded him. “We got this, Steve. We’ll start pulling basics on the sugar daddies Tony’s already found, and Tony’s handling the data.”
Steve never heard his phone ring, but the vibrations eventually caught his attention. He shoved his latest pint at Bucky and excused himself to answer it in the relative silence outside.
In their honor, he made a point to underscore the same message in every graduation speech he made: perseverance above all else, despite setbacks and outright failure, was the key to success. Dedication to the process should guide one’s compass, not the results.
“Stebe Wogers?” he said more loudly, making his way towards them in clear shock. “It me.”
Adrenaline was quickly fading from his system, and Tony could feel his head swimming. He must have lost more blood than he thought, because he was clearly hallucinating. Steve was barking orders at MI6 extraction units. Had Steve broken into his flat firing
Steve nodded sagely in agreement.
“You’ll feel better after your workout, I promise. The endorphins help,” Steve continued, reaching to hold Tony’s hands before he caved and indulged. “Napping helps, too. Why don’t you take your breakfast in bed and I’ll finish here?”
“Brock Rumlow, lie down and put your hands behind your back.”
“Dad! What the hell!” Tony was shouting. “Put the goddamn guns away!”
Mornings like this, when Steve wasn’t needed on set and they could both sleep in, Steve woke up early on his own just for the pleasure of waking Tony up with freshly brewed coffee. Watching his peaceful, sleeping face scrunch up irritably at the thought of waking up, then sniff deliberately for the heady, flavorful aroma of fresh, hot coffee was one of Steve’s favorite ways to start the day. Tony would push himself up to sitting long enough to find the coffee, cradle it in his hands, then fall into Steve’s anchoring weight for warmth and comfort. Sometimes they sat together like that for five to ten minutes, Tony sipping his drink while Steve indulged in the drowsy, unguarded affection Tony shared so easily in those cozy, private moments before facing the world.
How Steve had thought he could arrive at Sam and Sharon’s Halloween party dressed as a Highlander - but a sexy one who didn’t have fleas and lived in the time of central heating - and
Steve had been about to bite into his burger when Tony raised a toast, and scrambled to drop the burger and scoop up his glass to raise his glass and second Tony’s words.
When Steve called into work later that day to quit, his boss was, predictably, furious.
Until Tony noticed Steve hadn’t been following and turned to give him a questioning look. “Detective?”
After his presentation, Steve had been introduced to countless people whose faces and political histories he’d only before seen in textbooks. It was overwhelming, but not for the reasons he had anticipated. Language, it turned out, was the least of his worries. Everyone wanted to speak with him, everyone wanted to hear more about Consone’s proposal for affordable sustainable agriculture and advanced irrigation systems, and if one more person requested a face to face, Steve was going to lose his mind.
Tony cleaned himself and his floor up, but even then Steve hadn’t replied to any of his messages. He didn’t have his Read receipts turned on, so Tony couldn’t even see if Steve had seen them in the first place, but it didn’t matter. An hour without checking his phone once?
“Oh no, Laura wants a church wedding,” Clint replied even though he knew Tony was only joking. “I think I want one, too.”
Steve’s words trailed off uncomfortably, and when the dim light in the restaurant caught Steve’s eyes just right, Tony realized they were wet with unshed tears. He couldn’t help but stare.
“This is your first time?” Steve echoed quietly to himself, then he asked, “Do you have a jersey?”
“No, nothing like that, Tony. There’s just something I need to tell you, and I’ve wanted to tell you for months but it’s never seemed like the right time—”
Steve reached for the sheets and grabbed on before he lost his composure. He had spent too long thinking about the power of Tony’s thighs, and the way his round, perky ass filled out his jeans. If this was only the beginning of what Tony had planned for them, Steve wasn’t going to last.
“Okay,” Steve agreed, hugging his clouds of cotton candy. Cotton candy was amazing, but Tony looked happy again and Steve loved him so he had to trust him.
“Okay, so, I know it’s totally ominous and obnoxiously cliche, but: we need to talk,” he said up front. “You should sit down.”
“The King is not subject to his own law!” Steve snapped, venting his crippling fear and hopeless rage on his friend. “I will not sit and wait here for some talking head to tell me whether my husband is dead or alive. With or without your help I will be there,” he finished with a promise. “If it is the last thing I do, I will be there. And I will be there well within the goddamn hour.”
With a frown and a last glance at the security footage, Tony realized he needed a place to hide. Somewhere nobody would think to look for him.
“Oh. I guess you need a key to my place for that, huh?” Steve seemed to realize, as innocent as the day he was born. “Get your butt over here, Tony. I’ve got something that belongs to you.”
“It depends on what stage of evolution you’re talking about,” Tony was saying before Steve could find a way to get Bucky’s attention.
The tree house was unavailable for the whole weekend.
Reminder of warning: Tony is underage (16).
Maya Hansen was a tall, beautiful woman with flawless skin and downcast eyes. On the outside she seemed to have everything going for her: a figure most would kill for and clothes so expensive even Steve, with his years of exposure to the designs of the rich and famous, had to take a second look.
Steve thought he heard Tony murmur something above him, his words as intangible and fleeting as those in a forgotten dream. As he finished kneading Steve’s inner thigh, Tony slipped his warm, oiled fingers over Steve’s balls, cradling and squeezing them ever so gently in his hand. There was no sense of urgency or blazing passion to rouse Steve from his dreamlike state, but an intimate caress, a momentary pleasure that anticipated no other action. It soothed away Steve’s tenuous desire, and when Tony let go and let the warm blanket weigh down on him again, Steve closed his eyes with a deep sigh of content.
“Captain Steven G. Rogers, this morning Brock Rumlow escaped from this Cryo facility,” Tony explained before Fury went off the deep end. “He has completed thirteen murder death kills so far. We are a society of peace and understanding, we are not equipped to handle criminals as cruel and detestable as Brock Rumlow.”
“They really do. Being a dad is important,” Tony promised him, carefully side-stepping the contrasting roles expected of animal dads and human dads. “And if you think they’re trying hard, you wouldn’t believe what insects do. They are the best, they do the craziest stuff,” Tony added with a little grin that turned even Harvey’s skepticism to curiosity.
But instead of straddling Steve’s lap (like Steve had hoped) or kneeling between Steve’s thighs (like Steve had fantasized), Tony sat down a polite distance away on the couch with his own helmet and towel.
“Wah wah, wah wah wah. Wah wah?” Steve replied in the tone of a question, intending to finish his line of thought when Tony pounced. Laughing, Steve collapsed backwards without resistance, making it all too easy for Tony to pin him down in the sand, chest to chest.
“What if I am unable to do it? Or, I eat the wrong things and get us, uh. If we get dirty?”
She introduced him to the legendary pantry that lived up to its reputation, then left him a hand-written 3x5 index card with the recipe for a red velvet cake.
“It was great while it lasted, and… just, being honest about who you are, about how you feel about another person, whether it’s a man or a woman, I can’t,” Tony stopped himself abruptly and heaved a quiet, frustrated sigh. “I really appreciated that about him, you know? Bisexual doesn’t exist in Hollywood—gay barely does, but people like me and him? It’s exhausting being with people who hide or, I don’t know, pretend it’s a phase. Being with him, I didn’t have to explain anything, or hide anything. That… that was nice, you know? Honesty.”
He heard Steve set his plate down, too. Then, the boots came off, followed by the quiet but distinct sound of a shirt, jeans and a belt hitting the floor. Not a moment too soon, he felt the bed dip as Steve kneeled his way to the headboard.
She cries louder.
It was unbearable with the amount of sadness the expression she wore on her face showed. Despite that, she had a small smile, one she definitely got from her father.
"She tells me about Rapunzel and stuff. But I like daddy's one more," she reminisced.
"Nice to see you again, Morgan. I was hoping our second meeting wouldn't be on such a sad occassion. I can't imagine what it it must be like for you," he said, voice full of pity and understanding. He lost his ma before, but he wasn't this young when he did. Christ the girl is only 5, having to lose someone so early takes a toll on kids.
Steve tries to gently move his hand further and out of her grasp, keeping in mind he had super strength and didn't want to hurt her, even if by accident.
"Mr. Rogers?"
"I heard goldielocks and Mr Banner talk about you returning the stones later. You know the rules of the quant-something realm! It only takes 5 seconds, try and live the life you've always wanted and come back after your trip! He wouldn't want you to waste it," she smiles, but Steve's already out the door by the time she finished her last word.
"Aunt Nat?" Morgan gasped, her voice breaking as a tear rolled down her cheek.
Before Pepper could intervene, Steve replied with a weak chuckle, "If you listened closely to your dad's bedtime stories, I told him I stopped dreaming a long time ago, kid." and left the room in a hurry, hoping his answer had satisfied the girl enough.
"That's enough-" Steve failed horribly trying to use his captain america voice. She only grew more insistent.
"Fairytale stories I presume?"
Pepper has her back facing him, but he can tell she's bawling her eyes out while burying her head onto Rhodey's chest. The subtle jerk of her shoulders as she clutches his clothes tightly, trying to control herself from moaning in sadness.
He sat on the edge of the bed and gave a pat on the empty space next to her. He chuckled and sat beside her.
“Perfect,” Tony murmured against the flushed head of Steve’s cock, and he lapped up the gush of precum with a playful enthusiasm before parting his lips and smoothly swallowing him down.
When Steve couldn’t muster more than a slight shrug, Sharon made sure to look away and gather her thoughts. She had never seen her boss insecure before, and it made her uncomfortable to think of him as anything but confident and assertive.
“You know, there’s a good chance I love you, too. Once I find you,” Steve told him as they worked together to free Tony again. Tony’s smile only grew wider, and the moment he could, he reached for Steve by the collar of his t-shirt and pulled him down for a kiss.
“You didn’t have to fly all the way out here.”
It was the work of seconds to confirm that Hansen’s age on her license had been changed to make her one year older.
“Steve, I don’t know how to tell you this,” Tony said with slow, uncomfortable words. He gestured at the stool again, and Steve retook his seat. “Remember the whole shit-show with the Tesseract and Loki’s staff? Future-You is a thief, the Ancient One might have the hots for Hulk dick?”
“Bait!” Tony suggested while the rest of them were still processing the question. “I can set up a profile that resembles the victims’ profiles, and you’ll - we’ll need someone to be sugar baby bait. Someone who can go on first dates and use them as an interrogation. Do you have any young men in the department who could do it?”
Steve’s unexpected cry left Tony spluttering with laughter, and this time, Steve wasn’t far behind. Soon he had Tony wrapped in his arms again, and Tony felt himself lifted closer until Steve could kiss his forehead.
“If that motherfucker can't fold you into his bigger picture, he's got serious creative limitations. I know—hey, listen,” he added gently when Steve only pursed his lips in frustration. “I know this means a lot to you. But it takes two to tango, and comedy is weird. Once you find the right people, Steve, it’ll come so easily you won’t even need a script. Give it time.”
“I am the Governor of New Yorseylvania, I do not answer to any man,” Pierce said in a deep, threatening voice. “And judging from your behavior, I am beginning to wonder if your penchant for violence as a means to solving all your problems makes you suitable to our fine city. After all, perhaps the fracas in the museum was not the result of Rumlow’s presence, but of yours.”
With his food warmed and his book selected, Steve undressed and slid into the tub. The sixth chapter of Treasure Trail was his favorite, the words so familiar he could have recited them in his sleep. There, soaking in the warm bath and losing himself in the beloved pages of his book, Steve began to relax enough to relieve himself of the stress he’d collected all day long.
“Jesus
“Yeah, you hear that, Rhodes? Not my Steve, he’ll have a date in two fucking hours,” Bucky chimed in with a vindictive laugh.
Tony gave Bruce a look, but he said nothing. Once he got his jacket off, Tony walked around his superiors and covered Steve’s body with his jacket to preserve his modesty the best that he could.
Steve got to his feet and promised Taobe he would be right behind him, but before he followed, Steve turned to where Bucky and Rhodey were waiting to see him.
“Is that meant to make me feel better?”
That was when he felt it: the twist of the wrist that dropped the canister into place. Tony sobbed openly in his relief at the familiar blunt pressure of the canister head pressing against his throbbing hole, knowing that as soon as the canister was fully fucked into his body, his starved body would finally be satisfied, the hollow ache deep in his body finally chased away. Just a little longer, all he had to do was hold on a little longer, and he would get his fucking and he would have made his master proud, he’d make Steve so proud of him.
did this happen?” he drunkenly groans. Clint is sitting on the floor in front of him, rubbing happily at Lucky’s belly and drinking Patron from a sippy cup. Steve hasn’t a clue why they own a sippy cup, but it makes quite the image so he hasn’t said anything. He’s looking forward to Sam coming home and seeing this shit only to roll his eyes and run upstairs to his room regretfully. Those kinds of reactions really make Steve’s day and he could use a pick me up.
“I see,” Steve tsks, but tightens his hold on Tony’s cock. “We’ll have to find a way to put you to bed.” The other man bites back a moan, his plush bottom lip caught between his teeth. Steve keeps his eyes on him as he reaches between their bodies to free his own dick from his pants. Tony is twisting and grinding in his lap like this is a performance and Steve cannot fucking take it anymore. The sight of the other man in
Steve hadn’t known it, but apparently Tony could tell after the first time they ever fucked. He could see in Steve the need to please, the need to be of some sort of service, and had known that it would translate perfectly in sexual desires, even when Steve hadn’t had a clue himself. They’d been in the thick of things, Tony’s perfect length spreading Steve open, when Tony whispered in Steve’s ear, “You’re being such a good boy,” and Steve had shuddered and come all over himself nearly instantly. Because, even though similar sentiments had been given in the throes of passion, no one had ever delivered them quite like this. Tony’s voice didn’t waiver, he looked Steve right in the eye, he sounded like he wanted to break Steve in half and give him a kiss after.
, you know—goddamn you know just what to say,” Tony surges forward, capturing Steve’s mouth in a filthy kiss. Steve brings his hands to Tony’s hair, tangles his fingers in the sweat dampened curls and fucks his hips at the same speed as the other man, tightening his loose, soft inside so that he’s jerking Tony’s dick off with his body, just the way he knows Tony likes. “You
“All in due time sweetcheeks. Be patient with me.”
. So good at taking my cock, you just lie there and let me have my way with you huh? Such a sweetheart, so good to me,” Tony babbles. His voice is low and scraping, worn out because they’ve been going at it for so long. Steve can hardly breathe, his chest heaves as he looks down at his own cock, hard and pink and absolutely drooling precome, so much that he’s left a pool in his bellybutton. He isn’t allowed to touch, Tony said he’d come from his cock or not at all, but god does he want to. He’d take the punishment too, gladly, he would take the spanking or kneel in the corner for hours if he could just come.
“How’re you?” he asks, once they’ve settled. It’s difficult to say anything that isn’t dirty dribble, but it’s helping him concentrate on not finishing all over her hand right then.
“That hurts? Hm? I thought it might feel good, judging how your needy prick is leaking.”
Truth be told, Steve doesn’t pay too much attention to the tour of the house that Tony gives. He’s too busy staring at Tony. He’s graying, a little, at the temples, and his shoulders are broad but not obtrusively so. Steve’s always liked men bigger than him (good thing he’s so little) but that’s always attracted the liked of Rumlow; these stocky angry men forcing themselves into hulking spaces. Tony fits into his own world, he’s made his place and he’s made it comfortable. It’s in the slope of his spine, the dip of his ass, the light tap of his feet against the ground. Steve watches him move in pseudo wonder, undeniably entranced by the sight of him. Just standing next to him makes Steve both stupidly happy and turned on at the same time. So by the time they make it to the bedroom, Steve’s on his way to being half hard from staring at the exposed skin of Tony’s forearms in his fancy pressed shirt and the crow’s feet around his eyes when he smiles.
In some versions he manages to splutter “I do” and the look on Steve’s face would make an angel weep. His blue eyes would look like the sky on one of those perfect 73 degree weather days where families flew kites and went speed boating on the local lake. His eyes would pinch and crinkle in that soft, fond way they do whenever he looks at Tony for too long. His hands, big and broad and masculine like the rest of him, would shake in Tony’s grasp. It would be perfect, in these versions, because all of the sweet burning he Tony felt for Steve was reflected in dream Steve’s eyes and suddenly the scariest thing about that day wouldn’t be his inability to say the words but instead the possibility that Sarah would ruin her makeup crying happy tears for her son, or Jarvis would laugh when he and Steve kissed.
“Of course.”
He murmurs, “Hopefully you experience a little death,” and mouths at her neck, placing messy kisses there.
room making fun of me!”
“Ah, I see,” Steve laughs. He’s being quiet, his voice gone so low that Tony feels it more than he hears it. Steve is huge and warm behind him, his arms like a vice wrapped around Tony’s body. He feels like he’s in a love cocoon. He feels like Steve could squeeze him until his eyes popped out of his head and Tony would say thank you. Steve is just…too awesome.
Tony lets out a guttural sounding groan, like it’s being ripped from his chest, “And why didn’t you wanna breathe?”
“I own a house in Malibu, actually. You could wait there.”
Tony slides another finger inside of Steve not too long after and he groans softly, “Your hole is so pretty and pink, stretched around my fingers baby. You look so good like this,” and then he sticks his tongue out and circles the rim of Steve’s sensitive, fluttering hole. He’s very precise, spreading the warm wetness of his spit there and fucking his fingers in and out steadily until Steve is gasping and shaking.
“Be-because! You didn’t say so, you didn’t s-s-say so, only you get to tell me Tony, you!” Steve shouts, his voice gone shrill with need, but he can’t even pretend to be embarrassed. He means everything he says, and he can feel his orgasm building, like a perfect swelling tension that started at the soles of his feet and is now about the burst blissfully in his groin. There’s a shimmering heat devouring him, down here in the place Tony sends him and it’s okay for him to let go, it’s kay for him to need and cry and beg because Tony will make sure he gets exactly what he needs. Tony will wring him out and leave his mind so peacefully blank, Tony will take care of him, Tony is going to make everything okay, he’s going to make Steve come and then he’s going to wipe all of Steve’s tears, he’s going to make it
“Upstairs?” Tony croaks, and Steve nods, tugging him away.
Tony rumbles, “Good boy,” and spits right onto Steve’s hole in a shocking display of dominance, “good fucking boy.” Steve’s eyes roll back in his head.
If he suffocated between Toni’s legs, Steve would die a happy man. There was just something about her, something about the way she moaned and twitched and writhed that satiated a primal, hungry part of Steve that he didn’t want to acknowledge even existed. Plus she tasted so good; oh, and all that sticky wetness would drip down his chin sometimes. That’s how wet Toni gets. And her little bush was so cute. And fuck if he didn’t love the way she reacted when he sucked on her clit; she would jerk and cry out and even
“I do, sweetheart,” Steve whispers, blue eyes gazing down at him softly. “I really, really do.”
From beside him, Steve hears the person let out a heavy sigh. He tamps down on the urge to smile, maintaining a poker face and making sure his eyes never leave the book.
“Oh.”
Steve remains quiet for a few heartbeats as he lies on the bed, eyes gazing at Tony like he is trying to sear the image of Tony’s face into his memory, like he doesn’t already have the rest of their lives to do exactly that. Steve is looking his fill of Tony just because he can, because he wants to. It’s one of his favorite things to do, Steve once told Tony.
Steve shakes his head, closing the book with his eyes still trained on Tony. “No, I was just… waiting for you.”
Steve shuts his eyes with a defeated sigh. “Please just drink your coffee.”
“Where are we going?”
These little idiosyncrasies are details that make up Tony, the little quirks that only Steve knows.
After what seems like forever, the man finally plops his head down miserably on Steve’s lap, mashing his own face into Steve’s thighs with a grunt.
Tony takes a few steps backward, hands raised in surrender.
After a while, when their fingers have become wrinkled prunes, Tony reaches over and shuts the water off. The bathroom is thrown into abrupt silence. It is broken only by the sound of water circling down the drain and the sound of their breathing, which echoes in the enclosed space.
“I met him as Tony Stark, single museum curator with a heart of gold! I want to meet Tony Stark, my son’s steady boyfriend.”
“That’s all?” Steve asked with feigned innocence. “I’ll see what I can do.”
“Girlfriend?” Tony asked when Steve picked up the phone again.
” he cried, then caught himself and immediately turned his eyes back on the road. There’d even been a little crack in his voice, and Tony giggled shamelessly at Steve’s scandalized shock.
“I love Tim Burton’s Batman,” Tony said as they sat down, and he didn’t seem to worry about talking while chewing his popcorn. Steve did his best to maintain eye contact without grimacing. “And Michael Keaton as Bruce is the best, isn’t he?”
Steve didn’t know if he should laugh or cry. “Does that mean we’re not… we’re not—”
“Zara?” Steve echoed, as if waiting for the punchline, but when Sharon only turned to lead the way, he grabbed her by the elbow and turned her in the direction of the bar instead. “Forget it, Carter: I’ll take my chances with what I’ve got.”
Steve inhaled with a gasp and looked up with watery, red eyes.
“What bullsh—what century is he living in!” Steve cried, then slammed his empty glass down in his sudden spike of anger. “He’s—he’s not some fucking
Steve resisted the squeal of discomfort, but he couldn’t stop himself from a full-body shudder.
“Confirm access permission with Chief Director Nicholas Fury and report rehabilitation assignment for Brock Rumlow.”
That night, happy, pleasantly tired, and warm, Tony drifted easily into a comfortable sleep. Steve slept on his back and Tony always tucked in close to the crook of Steve’s arm with his head pillowed on Steve’s bicep, sometimes on his stomach and sometimes on his side. From the first night they had shared a bed, they slept in the same way, Tony shielded by Steve, with Steve’s arm wrapped around his body so that his hand loosely cupped Tony’s hip or his ass. Their habit was born of a jumble of different feelings. Sexual interest, romantic impulse to be close, the darker, possessive desire to hold on even as they slept. For Steve it was reassurance. He had lost enough of his family to unseen danger, and now, his most basic instinct was to keep Tony close and safe.
I’d like to take you to coffee when I’m better
“Why don’t I get a little more
Steve blinked at her, dumbfounded. Apart from Sharon’s mean spirited invitation, this was the first time he’d been invited to join someone in the program. So while he’d recently come home from hours at the library and he was enjoying a productive streak at his own desk, Steve told her he’d only need a minute to be ready.
Bucky shrugged. “77 isn’t unthinkable. There’s always Viagra. Maybe he was researching a book about World War II?”
From a hazy distance, Tony thought he heard someone calling his name. Did he care? He sniffed and turned away from the sound, crowding against the firm warmth pressed against him. The smell was familiar and reassuring, and as a gentle touch eased him back to restful calm, he found himself naturally drifting further and further from consciousness.
Steve had no ulterior motive, no ego to feed. Steve wore his heart on his sleeve, and he was that reliable, self-less source of comfort and guidance Tony was only ever grateful to follow.
But instead of kissing Tony, Steve laved his tongue over his lips. Tony gasped and his eyes opened wide in his surprise, and Steve used the momentary silence to his advantage by ramming Tony against the wall. His hand behind Tony’s head braced the impact, and held him in place so Steve could swallow Tony’s guttural cry of excitement with a deep, hungry kiss.
From wet, borderline slurping sounds in the foreground, Bond’s silence, and Belova’s crooning cries of pleasure, it was easy to guess what act Bond and Belova were enjoying. But Tony’s reaction to it was unlike his experience with 008 and 004. With them, he could focus on surrounding sounds, details that the agent might miss while on the job. For 008, he maneuvered the harem’s security cameras to keep his in-depth interrogation secret from overzealous guards.
“You do,” Steve said eventually, speaking so quietly that Tony almost missed it. He moaned quietly in protest, and he wanted to tell Steve to speak up, but his lips were so heavy, and he was so comfortable. He’d just close his eyes first, only for a minute.
“He said Jane worries about people taking her seriously. She’s young, she’s beautiful, but Thor often noticed people being uncomfortable or dismissive of her intelligence. He agrees with you that she’s fiercely intelligent, and he wouldn’t say that lightly. So,” Tony said after the summary of his and Thor’s conversation.
“Tony? This is us,” Steve said gently, but Tony still jumped at the sound of his voice and spun around in surprise. His eyes were watery and red, but his lips twitched upwards in his anxious grin.
“So, you do? You think I’m an airhead,” Tony repeated in a breathless voice. “I spilled water on you, and so you, what? Your shirt was so expensive you’re taking it out of my body?”
“Almost anything that we do together, you’ll only have my preferences as your reference,” Tony reminded him with a sly smirk that only spelled trouble. “Steve, you’re not a pity project or a lover with training wheels. You’re just learning to change gear from women to men, and where you see inexperience, I see someone whose skills are exclusively tailored to pleasing
A smarter, more clever man might have managed a snappy reply - something sarcastic and witty to continue the flirty banter Steve otherwise never got enough of.
Steve closed his eyes and hung his head. It looked like he was trying not to outright grimace and Tony’s shoulders hunched a little with disappointment. Except, after a long stretch of silence, he realized Steve still wasn’t looking back up at him.
As Tony started washing Steve’s arms and his torso, Steve’s head fell back against the shower wall. His eyelids were too heavy, his thoughts too loud. All Steve wanted to do was close his eyes and drift away, find that bliss that had carried him away from it all on Tony’s dining table only minutes ago.
“So eager, Tony, you’re leaking,” Steve said with a laugh, and easy as breathing, he scooped Tony into his arms to carry to his workstation. “On your knees today, then? Give your legs a break?”
“It’s thin, but worth ruling out. I’ll make the call,” Steve said and reached for his phone, but his phone was already ringing in his hands. Tony was calling.
“Counter offer,” Tony said with a grin, as if he’d expected Steve to try to get out of studying all along. “Since we reviewed the material already, why don’t we have a quiz?” he wondered. “Something… maybe more motivating than your other tests.”
Tony stared upward for a beat, wondering if he’d missed something. “That’s a little hypocritical, don’t you think?” he called back. “You’re Thor, aren’t you? God of Thunder?”
uhhh have you seen steve rogers??? Why would you divorce that man??
“We know,” Bucky told the pilot before Steve had to remind the young man that not too long ago, this craggly region was a bitter battleground where straggling bands of starving soldiers had gathered - making the climb in small, unnoticed groups - until they had the numbers to take the farmlands back from Stane. Steve’s father had always pressed on the importance of food and water: controlling the food supply was the first step in taking their country back.
“Garters don’t come with the underwear, did you know that?” Sharon commented simply from his elbow. “Common misconception.”
“Then I, Chief Director Nicholas Fury, leave the charge of Captain Steven Grant Rogers in your hands for the duration of his parole. With Lieutenant Robert Bruce Banner as my witness, should he meet the criteria of a respectable citizen of New Yorseylvania at that time, I will recommend your ascention to gold class status.”
Tony blubbered through his tears in protest. It was such a fucking lie. “You don’t know that,” he hiccuped into Steve’s shoulder. “New York could be it, we’ll be over—”
They dragged Tony’s fancy new mattress out into the middle of the room, piled on the couch cushions and blankets, and watched Blade on Tony’s 23 inch hand-me-down. To make it even better, Sharon called him ten minutes into the movie to report that 007 had completed his meeting with H. After a seventeen hour shift, Tony was officially off the clock.
“Twelve years sober, I thought we were fine. But I found them in his office, in his car. In his closet. Everywhere he could he hid these small bottles of hard liquor. And then the spontaneous work trips started two months ago, late August. Our children don’t know when they’ll see their dad, and how he’ll react to them when he does come home. Every night he doesn’t come home, the look on their faces… they break my heart. But that’s not as bad as the nights he comes home drunk… No child should fear their own parent. I can’t let him keep doing this to them; they deserve a good father.”
“I think she likes you too much,” Tony snickered, going back to the hole with the post-digger to clean it up for the replacement. “Steve? Don’t think too much about it. It’s not like the movies, unreasonable parents aren’t going to realize what they’re doing wrong and fall in love with you in 60 minutes or less.”
“You can do it on a yoga mat, if that’s what you mean. That’s what I did, but there are other forms of pilates, too.”
“That’s what you want?” Steve mumbled with a loopy, delirious wonder, but he obliged Tony and eased his weight down on top of him and pressed his hips flush against Tony’s ass. “Don’t worry, babe. ‘m not going anywhere.”
“Approach maniac, and in an even firmer tone of voice repeat previous request. Conclude with the words, ‘or else.’”
The familiar words caught Tony off guard. “...what’s that? Gandalf?”
“Wait. It’s been—does that, what’s the expiration date?”
Tony stopped at once. What if a threat
“Give it a minute to breathe, Tony,” Steve said with a big grin. “Maybe wash your hands first?”
So while Tony lived out one of his dreams in the bowels of CERN’s hadron collider, Steve wandered the streets of Geneva, occupying himself easily in art galleries and hikes around city. As averse to the trip as Steve had been initially, he really seemed to know how to fill his time. Even the language didn’t get in his way. Of course Tony knew Steve studied French, but he nearly squirmed out of his seat with excitement on their first dinner out when Steve effortlessly spoke to their waiter in French.
game, but not the usual ‘hard to get’ schtick. If he’s still into you, he probably appreciates that.”
Steve couldn’t take his eyes off of Tony if he tried. Mesmerized, Steve watched Tony writhe and moan through his extended orgasm, his body slumping forward as if all his strength had suddenly abandoned him. Steve continued milking Tony’s cock and fucking him through his climax with two fingers, curling his fingers to massage his prostate through to the end.
“There is
“That’s good,” Tony agreed, happy to stand on the curb with his hands in his pockets to wait for the their lift. Some time passed before he looked up at Steve again and said, “You didn’t have to pay for the whole session, you know.”
Distantly, Tony felt how Steve continued fucking him for minutes, days, weeks, but his body had given up responding. His spent cock twitched insistently with the overwhelming and shocking pleasure he’d never known before, streaking the sheets with come long after he should have stopped.
Then, from out of nowhere, he heard the familiar jangling of Marple’s tags. It was the most beautiful sound he’d ever heard, and by some miracle it was accompanied by light, nimble footsteps running towards him.
“Six, I think,” Steve said with a smile, and when Seamus rolled over for belly rubs, Steve rubbed his big hand down his dog’s flanks with notable pride. “The people who dropped him off at the shelter said he’d been this old woman’s support dog, but she’d had a stroke and had to be moved into a home that didn’t allow dogs. Her family couldn’t keep him. So, when I got him two years ago, we started doing this. The whole service role he was trained to do, you know?”
“Tony. He doesn’t hold it against you,” Steve said with the kind of conviction he rarely expressed for near-strangers. “If anything, he’s happy you’re doing better. He said so himself.”
Bucky Barnes? Are you kidding me—he’s too grumpy to pull at anybody’s heartstrings.”
Taco fucking Bell? Steve could probably do with a dozen or so chalupas, but Pierce had said it with such a grave formality, and, if Tony hadn’t already looked ready to faint, the mention of Taco Bell had nearly done him in. Steve could only stare and nod for some time before he found his voice.
“For you and for the Rubens, I will give it my best effort,” Steve promised with a warm laugh. “I thought I’d take a dip and keep you company, unless you want privacy…?”
“I finished a while ago,” Steve said with a smile, albeit a little distracted. He glanced back over his shoulder in the direction of the sitting room, mulling over his question. “I saw some pictures, over the fireplace.”
“He didn’t know there was a swimsuit component,” Clint told Steve without any regard for the faces Tony was making.
, Steve eased the canister slowly out of his body the scant few inches he needed to leverage and thrust into Tony’s slack body.
“Again with this?” Bruce sighed, picking at his sugar-free, fat-free bran muffin. “What did he actually say?”
Rumlow’s life had become an embarrassment of riches. All these treats gathered and assembled for him, without so much as a security guard to stand in his way. Somehow, a thieving patron was inconceivable. They’d even left a cannon from the US Civil War on display in the middle of the open room, complete with its accompanying gunpowder and cannonballs. Nothing stood between Rumlow and the AcMag except a sheet of reinforced glass.
“I show two stopped codes at Cryo-Prison X23-5,” the gentle voice of the computer informed them over the stuttering sound of the Warden’s failing heartbeat. “Harold Hogan, Warden. Severe injury. Do you wish to assign a medic?“
Tony’s smile stretched into a pleased grin, but he couldn’t let flattery distract him now. “You’re being pretty self-centered here, if you haven’t noticed. You’re assuming that because I’m the first man you’ve been with that you won’t know how to satisfy me,” Tony summarized without judgment, watching Steve’s expression for clues that he’d guessed wrong.
“Call Happy,” he told Jarvis quietly as he watched the girls walking through the library, inevitably closing the distance between them.
A sharp pinch and a firm tug at one nipple gave Tony another full-body jolt and had him crying with both pain and pleasure, distracting him for just a second when Steve pressed two slick fingers into him. His soft hiss of pain slurred and deepened into a full-throated groan at the tight but gratifying stretch, and soon his whole body rocked down with his hips eagerly pushing down to meet the confident, purposeful thrusts of Steve’s fingers.
“First of all, how
Steve blinked back at him for a minute, frozen in the act of shrugging out of his jacket. “Is this where you tell me you’re already married? Two-point-five kids, house in Hoboken?”
It was everything else about the Captain’s presentation that left Tony speechless. Beads of sweat pearled over his skin and stretched over firm the curves of his body. As with any criminal being prepared for release, no cover had been provided for him, but by Tony’s general estimation, far too many nurses were in attendance to help wipe him off.
“Wanna drive?”
to escape a deeply uncomfortable situation where a toy he frequently (and enthusiastically) played with was riddled with teeth indentations, covered in slobber and dirt, and right under Mr. Perfect’s nose.
That’s so nice,” he whined, his face-plant in the cushions muffling his voice somewhat. “I looked at you and thought you looked tired and hungry.”
“But, about the ducks,” Steve tried to ask again, but instead of acknowledging him, Bucky announced that he was hungry and nachos weren’t cutting it.
“He’s moving,” Sharon reported under her breath as she hurried to keep up with Steve’s strides, keeping an eye on Sitwell so Steve wouldn’t have to. “He’s got crazy eyes.”
“Human trafficking, Houston,” Sam said in return as they took over each other’s stations. “Bond lost Lucy to Vargas in a card game.”
“Good night, Thor,” he finally managed. “I'll report back in the morning.”
“Still yes.”
Banner got them an address out in Yonkers. When they matched the address to DMV records, they found the resident to be a Richard Dunn.
Sharon ground her teeth against the surge of irritation that threatened to overwhelm her; she counted to ten and forced down the many colorful ways she often dreamed of telling Steve she damn well knew how to do her job, and had only reached for the phone when it started to ring.
Tony leaned closer in a non-verbal bid for him to continue, but it didn’t work. “Steve?”
Heads turned when Tony returned to the office with the legendary Captain in tow, and an excitable silence fell over the sparse crowd. Only a handful of police officers remained in the station since Tony had left with the Chief Director to recruit the Captain. It was unclear how many had resigned from their duty and how many had simply taken the day off to comfort their families, but that no longer mattered. They could not fail with Captain America among them.
Tucked inside the lid of the box they saw a little note that read,
In the end, Steve avoided calling Tony fat, scrawny, or small, and even convinced him to settle for one of the classics: the current white or blue jersey.
stalinovskovichdaviddivichski (August 28th, 2019, 4:42pm)
“It’s not like I love turnips… we only brought turnips because it’s all I had at home,“ Tony explained quietly.
Steve stared down at the documents with unseeing eyes.
Steve nearly jumped out of his skin as he realized what assumption Tony had landed on, and he rushed to correct him. “Tony! No, what—I don’t have a problem with, no, Jesus what do you think of me? I just.”
“Mom, no,” Tony muttered in a tired voice, grabbing her hand before Steve had to worry about what it might do to his person. “That’s harassment,” Steve heard him warn her in hushed tones.
There was only so much spontaneity he was afforded in his life, but this was too good to deny. He couldn’t even know how Steve would react, he only knew he had to try.
“Fine, whatever. I’ll—why don’t I see what I’ve got at home, I can be back in—”
When Tony’s long, low moans of pleasure and praise and gratitude slowly turned to soft wincing and twitching discomfort, Steve pulled his hands away, but he still couldn’t look away. Tony was the most beautiful man he’d ever seen, and he was never as breathtaking as he was now—sated, vulnerable, and blissed out. This was a side of him that was all Steve’s, no other man (or woman) shared in Tony in this way, saw him like this or felt him like this.
“I love you,” he tried to say, because the world was well and truly fading and Tony needed to know before it was too late. “Love you so much.”
“That’s it Steve, that’s—that’s so good,” he moaned, “keep going.”
“Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark, step away from that terminal,” Fury commanded in a raised tone, “this is not a job for silver class personnel. Lieutenant Robert B. Banner, take over the terminal.”
It took Tony a moment to focus on Steve’s gaze, but when Steve finally saw Tony’s attention on him, and he could see the understanding in Tony’s eyes, Steve lined his cock up with Tony’s hole and plowed into him, burying himself to the hilt. Try as he might, Tony couldn’t maintain eye contact, and Steve watched from only inches away how Tony’s eyes rolled back and his head thumped back against the wall.
Steve didn’t need a shower any more than Tony, but he leaned into Tony’s embrace, nuzzling into his shoulder and measuring his breath to echo the steady rise and fall of Tony’s chest. They stood in the warm shower long enough for Steve’s fingers to turn pruney, and in all that time, Tony’s hands never strayed from rubbing firm, soothing patterns over Steve’s back. Steve supposed he had to feel a little better at least when that realization landed with mild disappointment.
The situation was different and more serious, but it wasn’t so long ago that Tony had said something similar about a movie that was only theirs. Something they had created together before Tony left to promote
“Steve, you just—” Tony pinched his lips together, trying to find the words. “It won’t feel as good, so soon after an, uh. You’ll be sensitive, sore—”
The workshop was dark and abandoned on a Friday night, except for the section allocated to Tony. Steve could see the light on in the distance, and he could hear the soft, intermittent chirps Dum-E made whenever Tony ran through Dum-E’s protocols.
They came to an understanding, the two of them. Steve accepted Tony’s few but important boundaries, blood and breath play chief among them, while Tony promised not to let another of Steve’s kind kiss him without Steve’s direct permission. They agreed on six months to start, by Tony’s understanding of time. If all went according to plan, Steve could build an empire in that time. Besides, he knew (perhaps, better than Tony) how quickly even young human pets lost their valued stamina and potency.
The unexpected sound of two loud beeps startled Tony and Thor, and they both turned to see a new Harley Davidson low rider come to life behind them; it took a moment, but Tony turned around to look at the blond stranger again, and sure enough, he was holding up his keychain with a fob between his fingers.
As much as the students wanted to impress Tony, however, it was usually Steve whom they gravitated to in their excitement. Steve couldn’t ask detailed technical questions, but instead he was curious to know how they’d even started to think about their project. When one little girl admitted she’d gotten into laser technology because it was the only way to get back at her brother for cutting her ponytails off, Steve had spluttered with laughter and high-fived her for revenge well done. One teenager had authored a history of food in old Machtberg on her own, going back to the earliest known settlers before the Middle Ages and how each distinct wave of immigration affected the food culture of their country all to disprove her father’s theory that burgers didn’t exist in Consone before the arrival of American veterans following World War II. Unfortunately, she had only proved her father right, but also brought to light many exciting and unexpected effects of the food immigrants brought with them on the kingdom, the biggest of which was the expansion of agriculture through unification. Steve had spent nearly an hour listening as she pointed to different components of their dinner and talked about how pistachios had once been accepted as currency because of their rarity, or how an inadvertent consequence of World War I was that mare’s milk became preferable to cow’s milk in Machtberg.
that spilled from Steve’s breathless lips. He bodily hauled Tony to his feet and in for a kiss, and just as easily the white noise of the world faded away.
Tony stood up as Natasha walked over to speak with them, intercepting whatever conversation might have been directed at Steve while Bucky worked through the shock of adrenaline and relief running through him. Steve couldn’t hear what they were saying, but he watched as Natasha and Maria shook Tony’s hand in turn and walked away.
“We’re not afraid of you, Sorceress!” he shouted anyway, lying through his big, blunt teeth. “I am not under your spell, your prey will not come easily today: I will fight you!”
“No, I take that back: I don’t
But Steve couldn’t relax; he couldn’t even speak. When Tony inevitably pulled his cheeks apart, exposing Steve’s hole in a way no-one had in more than a decade, Steve’s whole body went tense, involuntarily clenching in anticipation of the inevitable, blunt pressure of a cock breaching him.
“Tony,” Tony said quietly, eyeing the little terrier that only barely seemed to restrain himself from bouncing with glee. Steve, with his blue eyes, pearly white teeth, and unreal wingspan seemed just as happy to see him.
Tony whispered something in the affirmative, nuzzling Steve’s hair affectionately before pressing a soft kiss to his forehead. Steve shifted against him, then settled with a content sigh, and in that moment, it occured to Tony that in some twisted way, this was maybe the first sincere interaction they had had since they met.
“Neither is dating, clearly,” Tony muttered, and finally he spun in his seat to face Steve.
“You and your end sure seem to be well at the center of attention—”
But Rumlow wasn’t there for archaic relics of his own time. This was the future, damnit. Where were the phaser guns?
“We have an apartment on the Seine, facing the Eiffel Tower,” Tony told Carol in a rush of excitement, and Rhodey groaned at Tony’s transparent attempt to get her on his side. “The view is beautiful, and there’s a museum of indigenous artwork from around the world at the end of the block.”
“Thor,” he said finally, waving his hands at them both to interrupt the sudden shouting match between his friends. “Just, just out of, I don’t know, morbid curiosity. Did you ever tell Jane about the fire in your loins?”
on any of the roads. It’s bullshit,” Steve groused, crossing to the bed where he could sit down and tug his boots off at last. Once his feet were free, he wiggled his sore toes to work the feeling back into them.
“Yes!” Tony hissed so suddenly that Steve’s eyebrows shot up his forehead. “Fucking yes—then I’m requesting your trainer.”
Too many elements of that sentence rubbed Steve the wrong way, but in the time it took Steve to parse out what he most wanted to shout about, Tony was back.
Tony sounded so calm and collected that Steve found himself starting to resent him. How could he be so rational? Did this happen to him all the time? Maybe it did. Steve took a deep breath, and finally chanced a glance across the counter.
“Your choice tomorrow, baby, but I need this from you, I need you right now,” Tony said and soothed him with slow, tender kisses. What little resistance Steve had melted away with every sweet slide of their lips, and he slid his hand up Tony’s thigh to gently cup the curve of his ass. While Steve squeezed his handful of Tony’s ass more deliberately, exploring this new landscape of Tony’s body, Tony busied himself with liberating a condom from one of their new packs.
“I wanted to be there, Tony. You mean so much to me, more than words can express. The thought of you alone, unsafe… god knows what they might have done to you. I didn’t know what was worse, the fear of what might happen to you, or the fact that I couldn’t do anything to help you. If James hadn’t found you so soon, I… there is nothing I wouldn’t have done to get you back,” he confessed in the end, shamefaced. “I couldn’t save my dad, I couldn’t save my mom. And last week I was powerless to help you.”
“I live around the corner,” Steve explained, holding the door open even as he paused to point out his building. It was an elegant modern building with generous windows and a lush rooftop. “When I work from home, I grab lunch here.”
” he told her (and the rest of them) with a playful growl that finally had her tail wagging with full force. She rolled over in his arms until she could rest her chin on his shoulder and squirming closer until she decided it was a good enough place to sit and look across the couch at the other puppies.
“...I mean, we are human,” Tony tried to say without laughing, “but we haven’t had a serious fight since I was allowed to eat carbs again after
“Everything is okay, I promise. We can go back to bed,” he said as Tony’s phone buzzed back to life. Tony turned his unblinking stare from Steve’s face down to his own phone, and without a word, he held up the screen so Steve could see. The number was foreign, and putting the pieces together, Steve figured +46 referred to Sweden.
The computer was silent for a few seconds before reporting back. “Permission confirmed, access granted, Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark,” it replied this time, then started its long description of Rumlow’s rehabilitation. “Rumlow, Brock. Rehabilitation skills: urban combatkill, torture methodology, computer override authorization, violent insurgence strategy…”
Until they weren’t enough, of course. Once their ability to maintain the positive attention among his peers waned, his sugar babies became the scapegoats for his restored insecurities.
Steve used one canister to milk his cock, while he fucked Tony with a second canister, and then a third, for the more lucrative hormones. Despite his initial doubts, Tony filled the three canisters faster than Steve could have hoped. Satisfied enough to let Tony rest, he had laid down beside Tony after that, cramped together on the standard dorm room twin bed. He held Tony’s sweaty, panting body close, and even asleep, Tony turned into Steve’s chest, chasing the unusual warmth of his body.
Steve read it again and again, and without thinking brought his ring to his lips again and again, pressing absent little kisses into the warm metal with only one man’s lips on his mind.
“Okay, that, so fucking—no,” Tony suddenly changed his mind, and grabbed one of Steve’s hands and pressed it against his half-hard cock. “0 to 80 in four seconds,” he growled playfully, then laughed at the color rising in Steve’s face. But in difference to Tony, who still enjoyed at minimum two layers of clothing from the neck down, Steve was stark naked. Tony didn’t need to be a psychic to know Steve was at least as excited as he was embarrassed.
on his computer, but to hell with his taxes and his medical shit; he’d curated that Superman photo collection close to two decades! Many of those pictures weren’t even available anymore.
“No,” Tony insisted, thumbing over to his contacts and scrolling down the list for Annelise’s number. “I’ll—I’ll outbid the other guy, or, I don’t know, I’ll buy it,” Tony muttered to himself with a self-deprecating grimace. “Why didn’t I fucking buy it last year? Steve loved that place—Annelise, hi.”
“So how come you know so much about penises?”
,” Tony insisted, his voice breaking on the word. Steve’s heart ached at the sound, and he cast around desperately for a private space in all this chaos. There were no buildings, no walls, no place where they could speak unheard.
“How did she find you,” he heard Steve muttering to himself after he threw the phone aside. Gently he lifted Tony out of the chair to take him to the bathroom. God, it was so funny—six months ago it was Tony who would haul Steve in there to wash him, and now it was Tony’s turn. He was going to die in that stupid bathroom. This shithole didn’t even have a damn
“I haven’t been honest with you, Steve,” he said then, struggling to keep eye-contact. “Look, I’m—I wasn’t looking for anyone the night we met, alright? I wasn’t looking for anything serious; definitely didn’t think I’d find someone outside some bar in Tribeca. But, if you’re willing to give this—me, whatever—a chance, I would like to—to, uh. Give this a chance. Time. Water, sunlight.”
Steve didn’t open Tony’s duffle bag until he was sure Tony kneeled on the couch again. He didn’t want this night to pass too quickly, so to the extent that he could, he wanted to give them some time to cool off first.
“Because you said you wanted to ‘polish my crown,’ Tony - you’re a menace, I’m not rewarding you for that behavior.”
“You didn’t hear his accent, Steve, god, his accent,” Tony moaned under his breath, sounding drunk on his pleasure. “Imagine someone’s put your head down and fucks your ear with a condom made of velvet and silk… and he was so, fucking,
“Then may I change our topic of conversation?” Tony asked with patient words, doing his utmost not to rush Steve. When Steve agreed, he continued in the same way. “There is a well-known and documented connection between sex and violence, Steve Rogers. I am confident this was known in your time also. Not a causal effect, of course, but a shared state of general neurological arousal. Although this is highly irregular for a mentor to ask of his ward, your age deems it arguably appropriate, and after observing your vigorous intervention of the vexing vagrant menace, I find it impossible to resist my existing admiration for you to become sexual in nature. I do not know if I am the type of man to inspire the same condition in you, but if this is the case, would you like to have sex?”
As Steve’s laughter calmed into a quiet chuckle, Tony pushed up on an elbow to look into  Steve’s eyes. “I want to kiss you,” he confessed, struggling even then to keep his gaze from drifting down to Steve’s lips.
“Ahoy, land crabs!” someone called from the dark, “haven’t ya heard of the saying, ‘the enemy of my enemy is my friend’? We have no beef with your kind. Turn around now and nothing will change.”
They took a Lyft to Steve’s Chelsea flat on the the embankment. Steve left Tony in the sitting room to stare at the six front-facing windows overlooking the Embankment Gardens and the River Thames beyond while he tried to scrounge up something worth eating, or whatever normal people did for house guests.
Steve’s righteous anger deflated. He wanted so badly to call her ugly, unfortunate looking, or any of the hurtful words people used to cut others down when they were feeling insecure.
The third victim was as far from a runaway as you could get, and after some digging through the backlog of closed unsolved cases of dead runaways, Steve and Natasha identified the first two victims as part of the pattern. It wasn’t as simple as a killer who left a calling card, or an easily identifiable method. The victims were all killed with a single cut across the throat, then undressed and scrubbed clean for some unsuspecting dog walker to find.
Tony peered up at him with a curious smile. “I don’t know, Sparky,” he replied in a playful tone. “You’ll have to keep me around to find out.”
“Then we must hasten there, with whoever is brave enough to help in the capture of this vile criminal. He kills for pleasure, James Barnes,” Tony said gravely. “I wish him on no-one.”
“Tony, you can’t do this to yourself. You are not responsible for the actions of others. You can’t blame yourself in hindsight,” he patiently said, lowering his voice in an effort to calm Tony down. “Millions of people cheat every year, millions divorce every year. If this is our guy, there is nothing special about him except his petty cruelty and his disregard for human life. It is only human to want to be the hero in your own narrative, and if this is our guy, Tony, you’re no more than a convenient outlet for his rationalization.”
“I said you could call me any time, Tony,” Steve reminded him, raising his voice to be heard over the din. “It’s a little loud here though, if you could speak up. What’s going on?”
Steve rolled his eyes and handed him the envelope. “That package isn’t ready until after dinner, I’m starving. I swear, if Levinson had to do half of the hypos he assigned us, he would cry.”
Tony would try to back up, try to find the words to say no, except he knew from the beginning that he wouldn't have been able to deny Steve anything again after leaving him in the hospital after their first win. He couldn’t bring himself to say no, but he would physically try to put space between them, backing away from the center of the ring with Steve in cautious pursuit, backing away until he had nowhere to go.  And once he inevitably caught up, Steve would gently take Tony's face in his sweaty, wrapped up hands, and brush his lips chastely over Tony's, asking for permission. The moment Tony gave any indication of responding to the little tentative kiss positively, Steve would immediately shifts gears, giving it his all to show Tony how he feels with his kiss, his hands, his whole body. He'd make quick work of turning Tony around, pushing him up against the ropes and jerking Tony's pants own over his perky ass, barely even down his thighs. Kick his feet farther apart while he's pouring out a palm-full of the body oil they'd been using hours ago for the cameras to make Steve’s body shiny and attractive for photos and video, using it now in excess to slick his hands and fingers. Tony's pants and briefs would quickly become a mess from all that spilled off Steve's hand, but greased up as his hand was, Steve’d work his fingers into Tony in such a rush in what he had assumed would be perfunctory prep. Except, contrary to what Steve assumed, Tony hadn’t been in a relationship with anyone, Rhodey or otherwise, and he needed more time than Steve first thought. And while it could just be that Tony was tight - he was fit after all, he kept active at work, it wouldn't be impossible - but driven by his lust Steve would draw the conclusion that he prefers, that Tony wasn’t being fucked regularly, so he could not be in a relationship with Rhodey. The possessive side of him just hungered  to take him hard, making Tony hurt, making sure Tony couldn’t think of anyone else once Steve was done with him. Make sure Tony would remember Steve every time he moved tomorrow, and the day after that. He’d shove Tony away from the center and spread obscenely over the ropes, with one knee braced against a middle rope to keep his body open for Steve. A slick hand would come around to jerk him off, Steve's hand wet enough with the oil that it would just drip down his cock, down his balls, smear across his abs, with Steve purposefully working to undo Tony over and over again without letting him come, squeezing the base of his cock so tight that Tony wouldn't find any release  But Steve would come several times, using Tony for his own pleasure, taking his cue from their only other time together when Tony had sucked his cock and jerked Steve off across his face; a man like that would be turned on from being used and filthy with come.
If going to Harvard and Yale to study law was what Kennedys and Roosevelts and Vanderbilts did, then damnit, so would he. He had a 4.0 in anthropology from NYU, he had five years of work experience - including a fundraising event for UNICEF where he was invited to collaborate with David and Victoria Beckham! - and he had great relationships with his professors. They had been surprised by his sudden change in career goals, but all four of those he reached out to heartily agreed to support him with glowing recommendations.
Some years later, though, there's a big match going on - not quite The title match, but a big high profile match in Madrid, with Steve as a defending champion. Madrid was a big enough city and so removed from America that when Tony left the boxing world behind and moved there, he didn't think he'd ever have to worry about needing to hide. Why should he, when the chances of them running into each other were so slim? Steve wouldn't even know he was there to go looking for him, Tony having left his whole career in boxing and competitive sports behind. He had a new life in Spain, where he had invested himself in starting up a youth center where neighborhood kids could go and learn a few things. Serious things like self-defense, or even just playing around.
Without thinking, Tony’s body clenched at the stretch. Tony distinctly felt the rim of his ass pulsing around the plug to bring it back into his body. It was a primal need to fill that unbearable emptiness inside him. After all that time spent watching people lusting over Steve all the while knowing that nobody knew of his little secret—a secret that might even drive Steve to fuck him publicly in front of friends and strangers if Tony told him about it—Tony was already so close to losing his mind.
Without moving from his comfortable home in Steve’s arms, Tony asked, “Doesn’t your mom have a ring?”
The natural high of his orgasm left Tony incoherent on cloud nine. His body clutched around Steve’s cock with an instinctive hunger, milking him for his come. Steve’s hips stuttered as he pounded into Tony. When he buried himself one last time and came deep in Tony’s body, the force of it flattened Tony against the bookshelf, rattling the books on their shelves.
“I am profoundly sorry, Jane Foster,” Tony replied quietly at the same time as the computer announced another 1-8-7.
After all, if half of what Steve knew about Howard was true, the humiliation of Tony being conferred the most prestigious scientific prize - a prize Howard hadn’t achieved it in his whole lifetime - would be something to set him off.
The only thing that connected these victims was that their bodies were found soon after their death, even though they’d been missing for much, much longer. It supported the runaway theory - kids who ran away from their responsibilities and bills, or homophobic families, only to be found in the gutter once their luck ran out.
The Governor stared back at Steve in displeased silence, but beside him, Tony looked ready to cry from the shock of Steve’s anger. Steve couldn’t stand to look at either of them.
“What about a compromise?” Steve suggested mildly. “Seamus and I have plans this afternoon. Let me take you to dinner tonight. We have a charity run in the morning, and we could use some help eating for the race.”
A pretty boy like Tony Stark, Steve had expected him to cling to his body the whole way. But Tony had swung his leg over the bike and settled in behind Steve comfortably, with his hands loosely framing Steve’s hips, as if he was so confident in his seat that holding on was a secondary thought.
Just like that, Maria’s expression changed to happier than joy. “I’m glad you asked, darling,” she said with a beaming smile. “Dad and I heard y’all were getting married—”
“Come again?”
“This won’t hurt,” Steve promised him. He stood up then and lifted Tony into his arms, carrying him a short distance away from the platform.
They didn’t even make it down the right hall.
Ryan Reynolds, I can’t—”
“Actually, that would make my life easier—”
“Uh, look at me?” Tony felt the need to point out, “I’ve got the skin and ass of an undergrad, with the brains, the grant funding, and career prospects any grad student would dream of, sooo yeah, why don’t you back off? It’s not exactly difficult for me to find someone. Or did you assume I tell you every detail of my life?”
There was a sudden gasp and a deep, guttural groan from somewhere behind him, and he looked over his shoulders to see Tony staring, wide-eyed at what he was making.
“Tony, you know I would be the first one to sign,” he said with a smile. “Hell, I’d be the first person in line to see it in theaters.”
“Tony!”
Unaware of what he was even saying, Tony purred endless praise and pleas for Steve to do it, to take him, to
“Not forever,” Steve promised him, and Tony relaxed in his arms. “How about… the first twenty times?”
All his friends had their own midterms to worry about, so Steve rolled back into bed with every intention of hiding under his blankets where the world wouldn’t find him until his next lecture six days later.
“This isn’t working, Carter. I won't survive this—this relationship, whatever it is.”
The Running Goose at 8?
He disconnected the call and tossed the phone away on his nightstand before realizing Tony was staring at him again.
“I don’t know where he was shot, I don’t want to move him—Tony? Tony, look at me,” Steve suddenly hissed as Tony’s eyes slipped shut. “Tony, talk to me, you—Tony, you’re going to be okay, look at me.”
“Where is this museum?”
“Daniel Craig.”
He drew a hand up the crack of Tony’s ass, scooping the plentiful, excess lube into the palm of his hand. “Easy,” he whispered, rubbing Tony’s lower back gently, encouraging him to relax. “Breathe, sweetheart.”
“Make him give up and dump you.”
“You’re—fuck, darling,” Tony whispered, breathless and unthinking as he fucked Steve into the mattress hard enough to rattle the bedframe, mad with lust. “Jesus, you give me life, you—fuck, the smell of you, your voice, Steve,
Sitwell choked and wheezed in fear. “I shall give it my utmost efforts, sir.”
His relative peace didn’t last twenty minutes.
This time, Steve smiled a little more easily. “Then, how about one more?” he asked in a lowered voice, and Tony squeezed his hand in excitement. “Tomorrow?”
“I live to impress,” Tony replied, toeing at Steve’s near foot. “Hey, babe, any allergies?”
“You’re eating a
In the end, Tony stood up in the tub and let gravity do the work for him. The warm water from his bath trickled down his shoulders, smoothing down the natural planes and curves of his arms and his chest, until a few drops landed on Steve’s hands.
“Please,” he tried instead. “If you could see yourself through my eyes… be kind to my husband, mein Schafes. Don’t ask me to watch him suffer a fever so carelessly.”
A tension seemed to snap something deep within his partner, and Bruce viciously shoved away from Tony's desk to stomp back to his own side. “Do not patronize me, Tony Stark!” Bruce snarled, and distantly, the chipper voice of the morality box notified Bruce that he had been fined three credits for excessive aggression in the workplace.
As much as he and Steve had in common as orphaned sons, the lingering consequences weighed on them differently.
“No, sweetheart. There’s no-one but you. This is just an old keepsake,” he admitted, running his finger over the chain until he caught the ring. He didn’t take the necklace off or offer it to Tony, but he smiled at it with a far-away look in his eyes, clearly revisiting a fond memory.
“Could?” Clint huffed, and he probably would have laughed if he wasn’t still recovering his breath. “He does care for you.”
“I’m not saying she is a suspect,” Bucky muttered, but before he got any further, he was interrupted by a conspicuous clearing of the throat. Both Steve and Bucky looked up to see a uniformed officer and Tony Stark waiting for their attention.
, I can’t—”
He pushed past his friend to get to the Captain. While Tony climbed up in the saddle, Rhodey turned to Steve with a grin.
“What do you want, kid?”
“I never thought I’d meet a guy like you, Tony,” Steve murmured softly, only loud enough for Tony’s ears to register his words, but not so loud that the young man startled awake. “But I always wanted it to be like this.”
“With Danny Devito as the Penguin?” Tony sounded impressed despite himself. “You go hard on these dates, don’t you, Sparky?”
Tony had half a mind to throw the headset away and leave Bond to fend for himself. “I’m gonna kill him. I’m going to fucking kill—”
Tony blinked wildly as he tried to pull himself together. He felt like he had missed an important step somewhere between Steve’s slow, indulgent build-up to work him open and the sudden consuming pleasure that reduced Tony to a dribbling, mewling mess. His body bowed on instinct, arching as far as Steve’s mass allowed as he begged with his body and his words for Steve to let him come. Instead, Steve lifted him by his hips until Tony was doubled over in plow position with his heavy cock hanging mere inches over his face, and his ass turned up for Steve and Steve alone.
“I feel optimistic about your appetites this year,” Tony casually replied. “The Rubens seemed to me lonely without a second ribbon.”
Watching Tony interacting with the children made Steve’s heart skip a beat, and he didn’t want it to end. Maybe Steve should practice self-restraint and suggest they merge their groups so that he could ask Tony if he ever considered becoming a parent. After all, just because he was good with kids didn’t mean he wanted to be a dad.
“I thought you were an engineer,” Rhodey drawled. “Since when are you a chemist?”
“I confess, I dabble,” Bond murmured in a deep, sinful voice. He could have said anything in that voice and still sent shivers tickling down Tony’s spine.
Tony stared up at him in clear surprise, until sheepish relief bubbled out of him. He bit his bottom lip in an effort to clamp down on the laughter, but nothing seemed to help; he ducked his head forward to hide his red face against Steve’s chest.
,” he added with a sudden serious gravity, and he blinked his big, innocent eyes at Steve. “If I had to, my money’s on mom.”
“Hey, Steve?” he heard Tony whisper. “Can you hear me? We got him. You got him,” he said through water, and they were floating in sweet clouds and Steve wasn’t so sure what Tony meant but some part of him must have, because he felt the release of tension in his back and shoulders.
Steve had barely had a chance to agree when Bucky suddenly hollered from the living room.
“I meant what I said,” he said quietly, and Steve turned in his seat so he was facing Tony, reaching out for him to urge him closer. Tony obliged easily, standing between Steve’s knees. The fifteen pounds of muscle he’d put on already had mostly concentrated in his legs and he barely fit there anymore, but Steve adjusted easily by sliding closer to the edge of the chair and spreading his knees to accommodate Tony’s bigger size.
“Is it true you modelled?” she eventually asked. Steve couldn’t help but smile at the curiosity in her tone; clearly, she’d been wanting to ask him for a while.
“That sounds strange to me, Stevie. I don’t know if I buy it. After all he and his mother went through, do you really think Bucky would endanger his own children? A good man would sooner cut off his own arm than hurt—”
Sharon snorted at the suggestion. “That’s very possible, he is a man,” she conceded. “But sometimes… I don’t know. Doesn’t have to be that weird. I wore Sam’s flight suit and special occasion-underwear for his birthday this year,” she added casually, and Steve looked up with his eyebrows somewhere in the zipcode of his hairline. Sharon didn’t have to look at him to smirk knowingly at his expression. “Let’s just say, it was a hit.”
Tony had every intention of telling Steve that Steve’s jacket should join
“Come in,” Hawley said when Steve appeared in the doorway. The warm lighting in the room created a cozy atmosphere in the office, and Steve hovered in front of the closed office door fighting the urge to flick on more lights.
That night, Tony was too shaken to even look at his liquor cabinet. He called Pepper first and told her all about what had happened. He called Happy to be sure he could escort Pepper to and from the 88th Precinct the next day.
“Did you do anything exciting? You were with your family, right—”
Stephanie had been so wrapped up in what Clint was saying that she had missed the initial stages of her curse.
“Sure. He was hot,” Tony finally said in answer to Thor’s question. “I wouldn’t say no to a couple dates with him or his wingspan, but hey, bad tim—”
Steve scrunched up his nose, clearly unimpressed. “No,” he decided. “That’s kind of outrageous, but no, Tony. I know you. You can do better than that.”
Of all the shit Steve had seen, it hadn’t prepared him for walking into random miracle workers. But sure enough, the drive was open, and there were five files available in the folder for him to look through. It only took him a minute to skim through them to notice a pattern.
Steve blinked at Clint at the question, caught off-guard. “Tony?” he asked after a moment, then couldn’t help but smile a little. “He… yeah, yeah he looked different. What happened?”
Tony sniffed softly to himself, ducking his head to hide his face against Steve’s shoulder. Steve did him the courtesy of pretending not to see him blush.
“Have you seen Thor today?” he wondered.
The surety in Jim’s voice comforted Steve even when he couldn’t understand what he was being asked to do. Somehow he felt like he’d know soon enough.
“Fluid transfer?” Steve repeated slowly, unsure of whether this was some alarming trend that he’d never become aware of, or if Tony was legitimately concerned about saliva. “I’m talking about sex, fucking, boning, making the beast with two backs, the horizontal tango, laying pipe, the—I don’t know, hanky panky, the hunka chunka, there’s a thousand ways to say it and about a dozen different ways to do it, how complicated can it be?”
Tony nodded in reply and tossed him a cold bottle of water. Steve caught the bottle easily and dropped into the couch, grateful to get his feet off the floor and away from what could have been a careful system of organization.
“Are you,” Tony whispered in a slow, gentle tone, “are you in the hospital? Is—Steve, are you—grunt once if you’re alive.”
“Do you hear it, Tony? You’re ass is so full of lube it’s coming out over my fingers, do you hear it? God, you’re so wet… how many fingers do you think I could fit in you if I tried?” Steve mused to himself in undertone, his voice no louder than the squelching wet sound of his fingers fucking Tony open for his cock. He felt the immediate twitch and tremor of excitement as Tony’s body squeezed around his fingers.
“What?” Steve mumbled, but his immediate follow-up was to grab the phone out of Sam’s hands to cancel his call. “This is
Why was Tony sad? “Here,” Steve offered him some of his cotton candy cocoon, “you need cotton candy.”
For a long time, Tony only studied Steve in silence. He brushed some of Steve’s hair away from his face, then swept the coarse pad of his thumb over Steve’s full, pink bottom lip. Obliging as he was, Steve parted his lips for Tony’s exploratory touch.
I can't remember where this particular verse came to life, but I imagine sabrecmc was to blame for at least part of it (and by blame, I mean woke up and read it in the Tumblr chat box, most likely). Excuse the formatting, also: I've tried to clean it up, but this story began mostly in conversations and on Imzy comment boxes. So at best, it's a story told in broad strokes. I hope you enjoy it all the same!
books, Maria. He's a glorified spellchecker,” Howard scoffed, but Maria smacked her hand flat on the table, hard enough to rattle the vases of fresh flowers and the cutlery.
Steve’s answering growl reverberated from deep in his chest, possessive in his hunger, and he claimed Tony’s lips with his own in a biting, needful kiss. He was done—he didn’t have the patience for a bedroom anymore, and before Tony knew what was happening, Steve dropped him into the high-back couch on his knees. Tony grabbed onto the back of the couch for support as Steve leaned over his body, nosing into the soft skin of Tony’s throat and worrying the skin with his teeth. The smell of him - the mix of his cologne and his sweat fogged Steve’s mind with a desperate lust that left him salivating and grinding his hips against Tony’s thick, round ass like an animal in heat.
“Are they home?” Steve wondered as Tony hopped out of the driver’s seat; he peered out into the night for any sign of life before opening the door and following suit.
Bless his trusting heart, Steve hadn’t even pressed for a location after Tony told him it was a surprise. Tony had told him it was private, a weekend off the grid for hiking in the wild outdoors away from the rest of civilization. No electricity, no wifi. Despite all odds and rational explanations, Steve promised he’d only be happier that way. Tony chose to believe him.
Steve Rogers you’ve left me on read for four hours what is going on?
Steve only preened in return with an unbearably smug smirk. “That’s fair, but you’re the one dating me, Tony. What does that make you?”
“Is that… Stark?” Bucky asked, his voice lowered in disbelief. “He’s—is he here?”
“It is my curse,” he whispered urgently. “Nobody was supposed to know, I—as soon as I am honor-bound to a Chief of my kin, I will be, I will be who I am meant to be.”
“Feel worse,” he groaned in reply, shuffling forward then and pushing on Steve’s chest to invite himself into Steve’s suite. “Need your help, Steve, back’s totally messed up.”
Tony dropped back in his seat and hid his face behind his hands. He couldn’t laugh. One of them had to be the adult here, damnit.
The jaunty bounce in Steve’s step was so infectious that Tony couldn’t bring himself to look away. Even in the dark, December afternoon, Steve’s smile shone with excitement. He held Tony’s hand in his, and he made Tony feel so warm and safe that he could have pocketed his gloves then and there.
Mein = "my"
Steve made his way to one of the prize tables against the wall near an outlet. A young man sat at the table alone, tapping away on a laptop while speaking on his phone. The man’s computer bag occupied the only other chair.
“Steve?”
“What am I doing here?” Steve repeated, pausing only long enough to remind himself that Tony was under a lot of stress and he had not come to the lab to add to Tony’s stress.  “Sweetheart, I haven’t heard from you in two days. You’re not answering my texts, that’s not like you. I was worried.”
Except along with the age gap came the conversations about mortgages, mistresses, and marriage roulette. The number of people he’d noticed bonding over their busy schedules juggling fiancees and girlfriends was only outdone by the number of people who’d lost interest in talking to him after realizing he had neither to contribute.
you can’t do Italian; what they do to fish, Steve, it’s criminal—”
“He opened the package and found them, yes,” Steve replied, and found some gratification in spying a glimpse of anger on Tony’s face.
to becoming Mr. Brock Rumlow III, son of the governor and a future politician in his own right. If he was even half the man Steve knew him to be, he would be a Congressman before their second wedding anniversary.
“Wait, you—”
“You choose, I’ll pay,” he promised as he came back to the bed, and before Tony knew what happened, Steve had scooped him up in his arms to toss him further up the bed, so Tony sprawled haplessly in the center. Tony hurried to push up on his elbows and watch Steve crawl up the bed after him on his hands and knees.
“Got the hole patched up, it’s all good. Luckily, no mold,” Clint clarified. “That would’ve been a nightmare.”
Tony half-jogged through the gaggle of people milling around the office on a Tuesday afternoon, and took to Thor’s apartment on foot to avoid the chaotic morning traffic. Spring was cool and crisp at best in New York, but running through the streets of Manhattan in his leather jacket had him overheating and uncomfortable by the time he made it to Thor’s building.
He shouted Steve’s name in a strangled voice as his second orgasm rocked through him like a freight train, and in the delirious throes of ecstasy, he lost consciousness and blacked out.
Steve was no better. He hadn’t moved in all this time, and only in the unnatural stalemate did Tony notice he’d been gaping at him through the whole fight.
“She was eighteen.”
“Help yourself,” Steve called after him as he stepped into his jeans. His skin was still a little too damp, but he managed it eventually, and was mostly done lacing up his boots by the time Tony returned.
His crush was getting out of hand. This wasn’t just appreciating the way Tony looked, or being curious about how it would feel to suck a cock. It wasn’t casual and it wasn’t general: it was Tony he wanted, full stop. Tony, who was right there, he was single, and clearly ready to move on from his previous relationship.
“...I don’t know what to say, Stark,” Steve said after a period of silent staring. “Thank you?”
“Condom?” Steve asked as he got to his feet behind Tony. Tony glanced over his shoulder at the question, but his gaze caught on the obscene tent in Steve’s kilt where his cock proudly jutted from his body, lifting the heavy folds of wool.
Steve nodded, and shrugged. “Yes, I do.”
“Your Highness,” he said quietly in Cimbri. Steve didn’t correct him, and instead waved a staying hand for Bucky and Rhodey who had returned to see him so that Steve could give his attention to the boy.
“Tony, I don’t—hey, hey, Tony? It’s going to be okay. Sweetheart, it’s not even two weeks. I know it’s a big step and it feels like a big change, but we’ll—we have all summer to think of something. You always think of something,” he added with a smile in his gentle, calming voice. “And if I have to commute, I will. Plan Z maybe, but, at least it’s there. Okay? Everything will be okay. We will be okay.”
He stepped back to watch Tony briefly, his eyes dark as he took in the senseless hedonism playing out over Tony’s face. Tony was already hanging his head and panting in time with the hard and fast piston working the canisters into his body, softly mewling under his breath.
Steve stared down at the index cards in his hands, and tried not to think about all the generations who would have enjoyed these precise recipes. The task she had left him with, however, was fairly straight forward. He shook himself out of the stupor, and focused on his work.
Maria stepped out to join them on the porch, still drying a mixing bowl with a tea towel. “Now, I know y’all aren’t planning to do something stupid. Tony?”
Steve felt Tony’s smile grow into a quiet laugh against his throat, and he shuddered at the tickle of Tony’s warm breath.
Steve blatantly preened over Josh’s comments. “You want to talk timing,” he said with a shameless grin. “After Tony’s Golden Globe speech Trump tried to sully the moment by suggesting that Tony and his mother were undocumented. Even Tony’s Wiki page says he was born in Manhattan, but it seems literacy is too much to expect of Trump. My favorite part of this whole story is that Tony and I had gotten married only a month before that, in December. We decided early on not to go public about it, but I guess Bucky couldn’t resist retweeting a clip from the speech in
“Just, you know,” Steve whispered, his voice low and jittery with nerves. “Guns. Hunting. I don’t know what the hell you’re doing, Tony, but if they’re saying you should—and you’re refusing, I don’t. It just, it scares me, Tony, that’s all.”
Eventually, Steve sighs in defeat. Tony’s grin widens.
After a while, he finally reaches the end of two pages and proceeds to flip to a new page.
He nods at the sky. The waitress follows his gaze.
“I’m sorry?”
“You know it’ll be faster if you just let me walk, right?”
Tony latches onto the change in topic like a lifeline. “It
Steve gives him a few moments to gather his bearings. He is considerate like that.
“Go back to sleep, Mr. Stark-Rogers,” Steve mumbles. Tony closes his eyes obediently, slipping back into slumber with ease, a smile on his lips and a newfound lightness in his bones.
For the first time since he woke up in the morning, Tony’s day is finally looking up.
heavy. If only my husband were around to help me hold it—”
He leans down to kiss the tip of Tony’s nose. Tony wrinkles his nose, but he is determined to not let his glare falter.
“One and three-quarters…”
Tony’s pretty brown eyes are slightly out of focus. He pants lightly as he tries to catch his breath, slick lips parted.
Of course, that is nothing compared to the four bags of produce Steve is carrying. He even refuses to distribute the weight evenly between his two hands, insisting on carrying all four bags with one hand and using his other hand to hold Tony’s instead. He tries to reach around Steve in an attempt to grab one of the bags, grunting in frustration when Steve moves the bags beyond his reach. “Steve, your arm’s going to fall off. Just— Give some to me.”
When Tony walks into the art studio and sees the floor littered with paintings of different shapes and sizes, he whistles.
“Minus one…”
Tony has seen this particular movie more times than what is probably healthy, so he focuses on Steve instead, reaching up to ruffle Steve’s hair and smiling at the pleased groan he lets out. Besides, if he is being completely honest, no movie is going to be interesting enough to fully pull his attention off of his boyfriend.
“Tony,
Every single time, Tony’s figure never fails to fascinate him. Always so beautiful from every angle, in every light. Steve knows it well enough by now to be able to sketch him simply from an image in his mind’s eye.
“Okay.”
Tony’s favorite café when their reluctant camaraderie bloomed into friendship all those years ago. Even before they started dating, Steve and Tony already established a weekly ritual of having brunch at the café whenever their schedules aligned.
