Sherlock felt tears stinging his eyes but he ignored them as he took John's face in his hands and kissed him, this time with such tenderness that it hardly equated to a kiss at all, but it was what this situation called for, that quiet comfort and simple contact that meant John was not alone anymore.
It and its crew had been drafted in by the main land government to help with a rescue mission involving a none responding sub.
"Make you watch as I die? Make you listen as I leave my note, make you feel as though your heart has been ripped from your chest. Make you what Sherlock?"
Sherlock's eyes held Johns allowing John to watch as tears of pain welled up causing him to gently run his thumbs over Sherlock's cheeks and whisper reassuring words.
Moran had Sherlock pressed up against the wall,  a knife to his throat while his free hand was fighting with the buckle on Sherlock's belt.
He had thought he would lose his brother to drugs, to the high that even up to a week ago he knew Sherlock was fighting against. It was why he has sought out Greg Lestrade, why he had told the DI to let Sherlock help on a case, letting the man know that Sherlock was clean and reliable. It had worked, the temptation of finding that high had lowered and Sherlock threw himself into the case, a double murder that Mycroft was sure Sherlock had solved in minutes, but they had lost the suspect and that was why Sherlock had been on that train.
John blinked at him a few times before letting go of Sherlock’s hand with some reluctance and nodding his thanks before leaving.
The crew moves through the Leviathan with practiced ease, each moving to their area and carrying out lock down procedures.
“I…” Sherlock started as John stepped out of the room. As he walked he heard Sherlock’s familiar footsteps behind him and then Molly’s voice as she followed as well.
"So, wait." John said as held up a hand, almost like a child wanting to ask a question as the adults talked over him.
“Yes.” Sherlock whispered, his hands moving from John's arms to John's face pulling him down till their foreheads pressed together. Smiling, John pressed a small kiss to Sherlock's lips before pulling back and turning to the elder Holmes brother.
“Oh not this again!” Jim walked up to Sherlock and knelt on one knee and looked down at him. “Your pet is far to loyal Sherlock, just get over it, he will watch, he will probably enjoy it.” Jim looked up at John then with a smile on his face, his black eyes shining. “And I am pretty sure he will deny it all.”
He moved instantly across the floor taking Sherlock’s face in his hands and lifting it so he could check his eyes: dazed and unfocused, his fingers moving to his neck checking his pulse; fast and unsteady.
Sherlock is walking towards the control room when the whole rig shifts sending him into the wall. Grasping at anything to keep himself up right he looks up with wide eyes just as John comes tearing down the corridor his eyes catching Sherlock’s for a second before he passes him and storms into the control room just as Molly’s voice comes over the com.
Sherlock stayed. Or rather he stayed in the hall, sat on the chair outside John's room and just waited.
Breathing heavily, he slid down the wall with his eyes close as came down from the high he found himself on. When he finally opened his eyes John was still knelt before him his eyes now dark and full of anger and lust.
After his day, after what he had done, he was tired, bone weary but he couldn’t sleep. Sherlock had passed out hours ago, his burst of energy drained quickly, his body’s need to rest quickly taking over and causing him to crash so hard John had been unable to get any reaction from him.
He watched her as she sat back down and sipped at her drink but said nothing, waiting for her to continue.
John slowly nods his hand coming up to pulls Anderson’s head to him in a hug as the younger man’s voice broke.
"Umm." John looked to the doctor who nodded, letting John know he was okay with John explaining it. "They bag patients when they know that they need to go back in. There would be no point in closing him up only to reopen a day or so later."
Sherlock had opened his eyes wider as John spoke, as John fought back the tears threatening to overflow, as John’s anger slowly disappeared and he was staring at Sherlock with fear.
"No, you will never do that again! Do you hear me? You will never ever put yourself before me because I will never ever forgive you if you ever do die!"
Sherlock looked down as the last layer slowly peeled back and he got a look at his body for the first time since the explosion.
"Because you would have said yes to what ever kept him alive. But now, because you are a doctor, you will find yourself thinking rather than reacting."
“How John? How when I can hardly walk, you are not by any means fit and we have a nurse who is scared to even use the facilities?”
"I know." John lifted a hand to Sherlock's face as he caught his own breath. "Lets go in, get dry and talk then."
Reaching out he ran his finger over one of the bolts then moved it to the floor and just started to pick away at flakes of concrete.
"Thank you." A voice whispered causing him to look up. The nurse stood on the other side of the bed, blood ran down her cheek and neck, staining her uniform.
“Yeah you have fucking lost it!” John hissed. “I have a crew down here with a limited supply of oxygen, we have no coms, a group of marines that are trying to control everything and then you bring up fucking aliens! God damnit Sherlock!”
As he led there he felt his body try to force him back to sleep, but he wanted to talk to John, to have John look at him, to have John touch him, because then and only then would he truly trust that he was free.
Closing his eyes, he pressed a kiss to John’s forehead and just let himself breath in the other man, letting his presence soothe him, even as he worked through what he had just remembered.
“All hands rig for impact.” John shouts over the intercom. “Seal all exterior hatches! Move it people, now!”
"Damn it." John reached out and adjust a drip, allowing it to flow faster. Seconds later the pain stared to ease but it was still very much there.
Sherlock closed the distance between them, his hands coming up, one to cup John's face, the other to thread itself into John's short hair.
"On the dive, you will do absolutely nothing without direct orders from me, and you will follow my instructions without discussion. Is this clear?" Coffey says finally looking around at everyone. "Alright, I want everyone finished and ready to get wet in fifteen minutes."
"It's okay, you can sleep now, pass out....please just pass out!" John quietly said as he ran out of packing gauze. Pulling his jumper off he folded it and pressed it over the wound before taking the medical tape and taping it down.
John’s hands were covered in blood as he kept pressure upon the stab wound in Sherlock’s abdomen. He had already used his coat to try to stem the bleeding but it didn’t help and in the end he had ripped Sherlock’s shirt apart and he had looked at Sherlock in the eye as he plugged the wound with his fingers causing Sherlock to cry out in pain.
“We only just started making one, how Moriarty made one so quickly is yet again something I am trying to find out.”
Sherlock sat back, he couldn’t tell John he planned on killing the man, that he had in fact killed a lot of men in the last twenty months. He also couldn’t tell John that for it to work, for him to get into the hotel room to do the deed, he needed to shamelessly flirt with the man he was to meet.
"Hey, you come on my rig, you don't talk to me, you start ordering my guys around. It won't work. You’ve got to know how to handle these people... we have a certain way of doing things here."
As he turns the cab towards Flatbed he looked out the window one last time, his mind only asking one thing, 'what the hell was that?'
"I know, I understand." John lifted his own hands to cover Sherlock’s. "It's okay, I'm here, really here and if there is one thing you need to remember through this is, I am real."
“Sleep well, you have a big day ahead of you.” She muttered then shook her head at herself before heading towards the makeshift sleeping quarters.
“I do understand, I’ve always understood. You needed to do this without me because you couldn’t do it with me. You needed to fake your death, to make me watch, to make me truly believe that you had died. But I found out, I worked it out and then I got Mycroft to confess. Did he ever tell you that? That I made him tell me everything?”
“It was a head shot John, she is gone.” Moran told him and pulled once again giving John no choice but to go with him.
Also this is my longest story to date! Only just realised that, but I find it funny since I never really saw this going as far as it has.
"He's waiting for you in the conservatory. He wanted to make sure you had some breakfast for when you woke."
"Again." Sherlock demanded as he lifted his hand and placed it at the back of John's neck, pulling him down and kissing him again, this time opening his mouth slightly to which John took full advantage, delving his tongue inside.
"I just...I trust you Cathy. I trust you to help us, but please dont let Sherlock talk you into letting us leave earlier than you think. He can be so manipulative when he wants to be."
“I can get power to this module and sub-bay if I remote these busses. I've gotta get past the mains, which are a total melt-down.” He works with a wrench, John simply watching as the man that still was his husband worked on the thing he created knowing that right now all of Sherlock’s focus would be on doing what he could to save those still alive.
“Shh.” John pushed himself up off the wheelchair wincing slightly but not allowing his pain to stop him. As he moved onto Sherlock’s bed he gently reached out and brushed back a few strands of dark hair before leaning forward and pressing their foreheads together.
Take the drugs, return to not fully feeling everything and having the pain running through his body disappear.
Sherlock lowers his arms, the smile leaving his face as Coffey looks from one crew member to the next with razor sharp eyes that could very quickly turn murderous.
If there was one thing he hated it was being cold. He had spent so much of his life being hot that at the first chill in the air he felt it deeply. Hence the thick jumpers, cardigans, vests and shirts. He liked being warm, liked the comfort of it, the peace it gave him.
As he found cover he fell against one of the machines and looked down at his arm, hissing as he placed his hand over it.
"So what do we-" the sound of the door opening cut him off. The light from Sherlock’s phone disappeared and John was pulled back until his back was pressed against Sherlock’s front. Warm breath hovered over his ear while a pounding heart beat against his back. Sherlock was scared.
In the end it was Sherlock that stopped it, pulling at John's hand till he stopped and Ari sat back whipping her mouth, a dirty smile on her lips as she watched Sherlock take John in his own mouth. The sound John made was much more sinful than the one he had given her, but she didn't care because damn it was hot just watching the two of them.
Turning to the sound of the gun he shot blindly for a second before spotting his would be killer and placed a well aimed bullet right in his neck.
"I'm going to go upstairs now, you go back to Sherlock okay." She pulled away, but again he held her close.
"Yes." Sherlock sat up, taking John’s face in his hands. "I can work here, Mycroft has arranged everything so I can do it properly as well as sending a car if I need to nip into London, something I will do when you are due your sessions with Cathy. I wont leave you like that again, I promise and I am so so sorry John."
"John." Sherlock so wanted to reach out, to touch, why hadn't they touched yet? He had been back nearly two months and he needed to touch. He slowly lifted his hand. "John pl-"
“Cut the hose, the hydraulic hose to the door!” John shouts as the water raises more, nearly covering his mouth.
The silence that followed that was not at all comfortable. They both knew what had happened to the gun and where it currently was, also it would probably take at least three psych evaluations before Mycroft even let John have it back.
John woke slowly. His head felt foggy, his body like dead weight. He tried several times to push his eyes open before they finally opened.
Back by the moonpool, John careful lowers the hoses attached to the two divers, keeping his eye on them while also passing tools to Sally as she sees to fixing Cab one as it hangs from a overhead crane.
“He's here.” Sherlock said quietly, his pain, though eased still causing problems when breathing and so he kept his voice small as well as talking pointedly rather than using his usual flare.
John held the magnifier over the strip of film Sherlock had placed over a pinball machine within the mess hall, using its light to help see the film more clearly. Frowning he glanced up at Sherlock before looking back down. The picture was darkness with a single line of light running through it. It could be anything, a dropped torched, a light flare as the picture was taken, but certainly not what Sherlock said it to be.
"Because it was the closest. Your current bedroom would take far too long to get to. That what happens when you build your room as they happen. So naturally this one came first...well actually the first room was a few doors back, but I'm pretty sure the pirate ship bed you once slept in would no longer hold your long lanky body."
"I don't want to see anyone else, the thought of having anyone else, other than you or Cathy, is...it hurts."
"She-" coughing the man winced and once he was done blood slatted his chin and hand. Lying back he looked at his hand for a moment before looking back to John. "Sherlock."
Stepping forward he stummbled slightly as pain raced up his back, the feeling of fresh blood breaking free and running down his back. He wanted to give in to the pain, to curl up and hide. But he was free, the chains gone, a knife in hand. He needed to run, to escape.
"The real you who is out there, my medical need in his hands, the you I..." he stops taking a slow deep breath "How has he made himself so indispensable in such a short time?"
John wants to, god does he want to, but he won’t, not when Sherlock was like this, off his head and not knowing what it was he was asking.
Sherlock growled as he moved his hand knowing that his physical body also moved, but when no feeling of being touched upon said hand was felt he knew it had been missed.
Looking at John on the other side of the bathroom, close to the door he was surprised to see John also pausing, though he stared at his wrist still covered in his shirt sleeves.
"I promise I will be back. Just hold tight." He said brushing back some blond hair and giving her a small smile. "I promise, okay?"
John was sat next to Sherlock’s bed when Lestrade returned with a change of clothing for John, a pare of dark jeans, a deep blue t-shirt and a jacket John hadn’t worn since his army day’s, a black leather jacket that sat on his hips and just made him look younger.
"Oh now look what you have gone and done!" John saw Moran push Christen from the van just as he was pulled under.
Two hours later a knock on the door caused him to finally jump out of bed. Almost running to the main door he quickly unlocked it and threw it open, not caring about his lack of shirt or messed up hair. He knew it was John on the otherside of the door.
"Good." She whispered and kisses John softly on the lips. She felt his surprise, his hesentincy as she pulled back slightly before going in again, this time a little more demanding. He was still reluctant and he had his eyes open looking up at Sherlock.
Greg pushed away from the wall, turning to look at John in the eye. “What you did…John, what the hell happened to you?”
Another knock sounded forcing him to take a step back then John appeared from the bedroom his dressing gown halfway on when he paused and looked at Sherlock just as another louder knock came.
Part of his brain registered the retreat option but then everything right to his very core rejected that idea, hell would freeze over before he left Sherlock in the hands of the men before him, or to anyone for that matter.
“I’m here, I’m right here, you just need to come over, I…I can’t come to you.” John reached with both arms, but Sherlock was about six feet away and he showed no sign of moving.
John sits watching the TV, control in hand. Upon the screen is footage of a ship up in flames, life boats floating on the water full of men and even images of men being pulled from the water as the burning ship slowly sinks.
"Half way to the hospital. He's stable, just concentrate on you now." The younger man said as he hooked John up to monitor's and started to clean up some of the smaller cuts on his face and arms.
"Well no, as I already said, you know of your injuries now. Your brilliant mind may be able to defy somethings but not pain, even that has to translate here."
"I know. But it's okay Sherlock. I think we all forgot that you too are recovering, yourself included."
Pushing away from the door he walked through the kitchen then the livingroom, now full of pictures and evidence that Sherlock had set up that morning, going through the case with John for the first time. Glancing at it all as he moved he simply walked pass it all and headed outside to find John.
"Come in." She called standing as the door opened admitting John then Sherlock. The first thing she noted was that they held each others hand, she looked at the hands then to John how smiled at her.
"I don’t think so." John gently ran a finger down the side of Sherlock’s face before leaning down and placing a kiss to soft lips. "He's locked himself away. Probably a good thing because we have to move him."
John lent away. “Dear god.” He muttered as he took in the image of the wrecked train, bodies led all around and him knelt over Sherlock.
“That was different, that was me trying to save your life. I saved it, now I’m trying to keep you comfortable, to keep you here.” He felt his breath catching as tears threatened. “You remember that?”
A soft moan escaped the mans lips, yet he kept his eyes closed, kept them tightly shut against the reality of waking.
“They're curious, maybe. We could be the first people they've seen up close.” Sherlock answers as keeps his eyes on Coffey who looks straight ahead, not knowing that he is being watched as he continues to move his arm.
Closing his eyes for a moment he just let himself breath as his mind went into overdrive, throwing image after image of Sherlock laying on the train floor, blood pouring from his mouth. Of the paramedics never arriving in time, of watching as the light left those amazing eyes, eyes that he had only truly seen in the seconds before the explosion.
"Well well well, Johnny, how you doing?" A voice he knew called out just as the weight on him lifted and two men appeared, one he had never seen before, the other he knew all too well.
As soon as the door had slammed shut tears had started to flow, a sob escaping his lips and his legs unable to hold himself up.
John switches again this time landing on a report of people’s opinions of what was happening. A young woman holding a child appears first.
“What do you think he saw?” John asked gently catching Sherlock’s eyes for the first time since entering the room.
Maddie for her part just nodded. She did indeed look as though she was running on fumes and as soon as she pulled the sheet over herself she was asleep.
"Sure...I'm going to give you something now so you will sleep and then when you wake you will be getting that bullet out."
"Oh." He breathed out as he let himself sink to the floor, hot tears run slowly down his face. "You're not real."
After helping Sherlock to the wall closest to the door, he stood, nodded and with the gun in hand, safety off he made his way to the door, determination running though his veins, he would get them out of the hell they had found themselves in even if it was the last thing he did.
“Good, then let’s start with the painkillers.” John turns to Mary. “Go back to basics? Start with Co-codaprin, just to see if it helps, if not then up to Co-dydramol.”
Smiling slightly Cathy shook her head then lifted her head as a knock at the door drew her attention.
“Okay, hard part over.” Pulling and shifting his friend, John was able to get him to sit up allowing him to pull on the black jumper.
“What is about to happen will not be pretty, it will not be easy and it will defiantly involve a lot of blood and screaming.”
"I do not hate you and I will never hate you." John took hold Sherlock’s face, just as Sherlock had done to him in the bathroom. "You mean so much to me Sherlock, you drive me crazy but I would never want to be without you, I tried that and look were we ended up. I would never hate you for what others have done to you. I hate them...tell me they are dead."
Closing the sliding doors Sherlock turned to watch John as he took in the open plan sittingroom and kitchen. It was modern in design but comfortable, Sherlock had approved when he had first seen it.
"I think my aversion to touch was due to only wanting yours." John whispered before pressing his lips harder again the increasing pulse in Sherlock’s neck.
"No, I just assumed. I mean you are dealing with his medical care and you haven't left his side since he came in. You treat him as though you...you care for him."
"Oh now there is a question." He smiled, a smile John recognise. "Moriarty sends his love, he told me all about you, and him." He nodded to Sherlock. "He told me that you where Sherlock’s weakness, but what he failed to mention was that Sherlock is your strength, he is your motivation, your reason for everything."
John went to touch Sherlock’s hair but stopped himself. He didn't know if Sherlock would welcome his touch and though it pained him not to touch him, he would hold off until told otherwise.
"See? She's diggin' it." Monk takes Beany out and holds her by the tail for a few seconds to drain his lungs. Then hands him back to Molly. The rat is annoyed, but otherwise alright.
It was his fourth day in his new home that he first met children his age, playing by the stream a little way down from him house. He stood watching them as they threw stones into the water, laughing and chasing around after each other as they enjoyed the afternoon sun.
"Maybe they forget? Or maybe they don't have the capacity to do what you do. You built this place before this happened, not everyone can do that. So maybe they dream, after all most people talk of extreme dreams or strange things happening when they are in a coma."
As the crew sang John watched as the radar picked up on the incoming sub and turned to Mike tipping his head to the monitor.
“The cure to whatever Moriarty gave you.” John answered as he pulled off his gloves. “Mycroft has worked out that after a week it should have taken fully effect.”
"No, definitely another way, walking through a park, through town, at a coffee shop, book shop, anything other than this." John lent further down and just pressed his lips to Sherlock’s temple so when he spoke again it was against soft, still warm skin. "Anything other than this."
"Are you okay?" Sherlock finally pulled back and looked at John who had tears in his eyes and running down his face.
John had insisted that they visit Barts before going home, he wanted Sherlock to have his back looked at, even though Sherlock had informed John that he had experinced worse.
“No, I believe that, I know you’re not high.” The tension suddenly disappeared and Sherlock slumped, his taller frame sagging as he leant back against the wall.
“Because that drug is of our making John. How Moriarty got hold of it is something I am personally looking into.”
"I tried to hurt you." He suddenly said, the words not even registering in his mind before he said them, the event only replaying in his mind after he spoke.
John’s knuckles whitened on the bars as he started to push and pull against the cage once again his eyes closing as he saw the man reach out and gently run his hand over Sherlock’s chest. He didn’t want to see, but even with his eyes closed he knew that hand wound be touching, moving slowly down and that was enough to fuel John, to feed his anger and his strength.
"I don't care...nothing bothers me, so why keep this attached to me? Why force food into me? Just let me waste away, I wont be missed."
With that Mycroft left leaving a Sherlock who had nothing but the ripped and worn clothes he had on his back and a very ill and damaged John in the room just behind him.
“My tolerance for most will be too high, even none opioids.” Sherlock said as he turned away from Mary to look up at John. “This is fine, just this, this I can do.”
“Will you tell me?” John’s lips pressed harder against his temple before he pulled back to look Sherlock in the eyes.
Closing his eyes, he took in a deep breath before a yawn over took him. Stretching through it he felt his body sag as it begged him for rest, for real sleep before opening his eyes and looking at the man still locked away in his mind palace.
As they entered Flatbed was appearing at the surface, bubbles foaming as it came up reviling the mariens as it did so.
For the first time Sherlock smiled and John froze as butterflies invaded his stomache. How had he forgotten that smile?
This is for hitting the 100 kudo mark!!! Thank you everyone who has read, kudoed, subcribed and commented! I wouldn't still be going if it wasn't for all the support.
But something new came with the knowlage. Sherlock had touched him and he had missed it, he missed the first contact in nearly two years and he was...upset.
When word reached them that the plane had landed and they were on their way, the nerves kicked it. It was silly really, after all he had seen Sherlock a few times since the fall. But this was different, Sherlock was coming home, it was over, he had finished what needed to be done and he was on his way to see John.
Coffey and Schoenick bring Monk through on a stretcher. He had been caught under fallen pipes, his leg broken badly. Sherlock had been able to free him with the help of Molly and the two other Marines. As the placed Monk on a table he moans slightly, out of it on painkillers. They had splintered his leg as best they could, he would defiantly be out of action for a while.
"Fuck off!." He growled as he turned to Sherlock. "Go back to London, back to the work and leave me the fuck alone!"
"I used to be like John." He said as he moved his arm out of her reach then followed as she led the way out of the canteen.
As he reached the area he had seen the man, the fire had died down slightly and he was stood amongst people led on the ground.
"Sherlock get the hell out of there now!" Greg practically bellowed causing Sherlock to wince and then turn to the men behind him.
"Police and ambulance. Patch me through to the police though." John answered his eyes not leaving Sherlock.
"Let me." Sherlock said replacing John’s hand with his own. As he moved his hand in time with his thrusts John arched his back, the movement causing Sherlock to hit John’s prostate rather than brush against. This happened twice more then John was coming  hard, his muscle clenching around Sherlock which had him falling over the edge, John's name on his lips as then rode out their orgasms together.
“No change.” John said as he turned to face the woman that had become Sherlock's primary nurse, with Stacy taking over on Mary's days off. “He hasn't had any reaction to pain or to speech.”
He was woken as they began to prep him, the nurses needing the room to get around the bed. Standing he pulled his chair out of the why while lines were unhooked and new lines added, the staff working with practiced ease and years of experience.
"No...not this. I will keep him alive, I will say yes to what ever keeps him here, but I  will not decided on this. He is your brother Mycroft! You have more say in this than I do!"
He had royally fucked everything up and he needed to fix it. But with John still so unstable he didnt know where to start.
John's hands found themselves gripping at Sherlock’s hips, bunching the fabric of his soft pajama bottoms, pulling the taller man closer as he moaned into the kiss, his lips parting as he invited Sherlock’s tongue in with his own.
"I understand that; I really do..." John's hand reached out to stop the nurse. "The damage was extensive, you lost muscle as well as skin. Doctor Ansari did a brilliant job at saving you, at making sure your organs heal perfectly, that they won’t fall out...but he is no plastic surgeon, his stitches are perfect, but you will have a scar, a big one."
The last week had been exhusting for John. Talking took up so much of his energy, thinking took up his energy, feeling took up his energy, but anger, anger gave him energy and he was so angry. He was also frustrated, frustrated with Sherlock's lack of talking, lack feeling and lack of thinking about anything other than John. He was happy that he had Sherlock's attention, happy that the other seemed so focused on helping John, but he knew, he knew there was something Sherlock was hiding, something that had happened while he had been away and no amount of gentle probing or patience had given John even a small amount of information to what it could be.
Pulling his phone from his coat pocket he shrugged out of the heavy material, hanging it while he opened his phone and started to devour the files Mycroft had sent him after they had met.
God he wanted to, he really wanted nothing more than to have Sherlock warm and pliant under him, over him, in him, around him, he wanted it so badly, but he couldn’t, not yet.
Kneeling back onto the bed John knew he had no choice but to watch, to listen because waking him would be the worse thing to do, waking hin right now would force him into a waking nightmare and John couldn't do that to him.
"Sherlock!" Of course John was at his side instantly, a hand on his arm as the other gently touched his face. "Okay just slowly take in what you can and then slowly let it out, that's it. And again..." John kept talking, Sherlock followed the instructions as what was clearly a panic attack sunk it's claws into him.
“Oh I don’t think so mate.” Mike suddenly said causing Sherlock to smile. “We don't work for you, we don't take orders from you, and we don't much like you. Also, you’re on our rig so just remember who’s home you’re guesting in.”
As he read he loaded up his laptop and printer and once read he continued his reading on there, printing what he needed and basically losing himself in the hunt for Moran.
Turning the submersible slightly the spotlight flares back from the great brass screw of the Montana.
“THE CRANE! WE'VE LOST THE CRANE. IT'S ON IT WAY TO YOU!!” Greg shouts his face paling as Mycroft Homes walks onto he bridge.
The two fell fell into laughing again, John cluching at Sherlock’s arm as he lent against his shoulder while Sherlock lent back aginst the sofa, his head tilted back as he laughed.
"It will-" he stopped himself from talking. He was going to reassure, wanted to tell him that it would be over soon, but that would be a lie, and he had lied too much already. He had promised Sherlock that nothing more would happen to him, that he, John, would keep him safe. All lies, all promises he had broken.
"Yes. Sherlock, we could reason with you on some level but John, you are unreachable when you are down."
Sherlock moved, he pulled back before thrusting forward hard and before long he found a rhythm, his angle changing every few thrusts to brush against John's prostate causing John to hiss or cry out each time.
“Sherlock, all I saw on that train was you” John whispered against his neck causing a shiver to run through Sherlock’s body.
"Your back hurts." John finally commented as Sherlock flinched as his side hit one off the arm rest.
Sherlock gasped at the move but stayed still allowing John to stay, allowing him to just breath in Sherlock’s sent, to feel his warmth, but also to feel his pulse with his lips.
"Of course." She said with a smile before digging into her bag and brought out a tupper wear box. "I brought some cakes, your favourite."
Cathy really wasn't going to let him off as easily as John had. She had been sat, patiently waiting for nearly twenty minutes, her hands clasped neatly in her lap while her blue eyes just kept on looking at Sherlock.
Blinking a few times Sherlock slowly let his eyes adjust to the light of the hospital room before looking about, taking in everything around him.
So I started writing the next chapter, wrote about 1500 words, decided I hated it. So deleted all that started again and this happened. This was not how I expected this to go, just so you all know that. I have no idea what is going to happen I am, for now, just letting the characters take me where they want to take me.
John hated November, always had. It was the month that didn't know what it was. It was also the month fireworks night happened, or rather fireworks fortnight happened. For a solid two week’s fireworks would be heard going off all over London and for an ex-army doctor with PTSD it was not the best of times.
Sighing he sat back in his chair and looked about once again before picking his glass back up and downing the amber liquid then holding it up to indicate he wished for a top up.
The sound of his phone ringing caused him to turn. John was already moving though as Sherlock made it to the sliding doors, but John reached the phone first.
“No!” John screams as he pulled at the door, frantically trying to open it, even as his logical mind told him it wouldn’t work. Lifting his head up he watches as his crew drowns, helpless to save them, his heart breaking at the loss of his friends.
"I can't, they're on my back." Sherlock had countered but soon shut up as John focused his gaze on him. "Fine. But I will not be kept in, is that understood?"
"I...god." Sherlock hissed leaning down to hide his face in John's neck. "I want to be...tell me no if you dont want to...but I need to be in you John."
Before Sherlock could answer Ari stood and with a smile closed the distance to John. She was bare foot, her dress hugging her curves but flared slight at her hips, the hem ending rather short but not immodest.
Letting out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding he turned and looked into pale, ever changing eyes.
“No, because I understood. I kept up the whole façade because I knew it was important to do so. Even when you kept turning up and putting me off I kept on pretending, kept on grieving because it was what you needed from me.”
John didn't care what he wore, a staff member would choose his clothes and he would put them on without a thought. They would also get him to wash, to brush his teeth, his hair. But seriously he would just like to sit and stare at the wall.
Sherlock held John's eyes as he opened his mouth allowing John to place it on his tongue. Closing his mouth, he relaxed as the cold ice eased his dry mouth, letting the cold water ran over his teeth and gums, relishing the feel.
Smiling John allowed himself to be pulled down, his hands gripping the arms of the chair as Sherlock lent up and closed the distance between them.
John saw the glimmer of hurt that word caused before stepping back away from the mic and heading down another hall.
He stands there for only a few seconds more before heading towards the door that the water disappeared through and slams the door closed cutting the water clearly like a knife.
The doctor looked to Mycroft who just looked back, John had the end say in what was to be Sherlock’s treatment, so Mycroft said nothing.
From where Sherlock was led on his shoulder John found himself brushing Sherlock forehead with his lips before pulling back slightly to look at his eyes.
“Yes.” Sherlock gasped causing the little colour he had to drain from his skin. “Need him...Moriarty.”
“Moriarty has played a huge role on many issues we have been unable to stop or even know about until it has been done. He is relentless in what ever he works on and his attention seems to have landed solely on Sherlock.”
Today however they were moving him, already they had taken the stretcher and they had brought him clean clothing. Soft grey sweat pants and a white shirt. They also, kindly (their words not his) provided him with underwear and thick socks that, he hated to admit, felt good.
"I’ll just go get a coffee." John suddenly said but before he could move off Sherlock had his wrist in a vice like grip. Panic suddenly overcame him and he just couldn't allow John to leave.
Mike was silent a moment then let out a breath. "Look just stay out of his way or maybe try to be civil when he gets out."
"Sherlock has a unique mind, he is able to store and access practically everything he comes across. He of course will choose to forget things he finds boring or dull, he likes to call it deleting, as if his brain is just one big computer, but it is simply he forgets it." Mycroft's whole demeanour suddenly changed back to the ice cold one. "John I will only ask this once. Will you stay with him?"
"Morning boys, feel free to go back to sleep, I'll see myself out." Giving them a wink she head to the bathroom, picking up her underwear as she went.
"Yes it was, now go back to your husband." She giggled pushing John away but he held her fast his hand going to her stomach.
“Pocket,” Sherlock said, indicating his front trouser pocket to which he was pretty sure John muttered: ‘Of course it is.’
"You can do this, your body will rebel it with shout and scream and through a tantrum worthy of any two-year-old. But when you are sat down it will end and you will have internet access."
As he walked the halls, he acknowledged the orderlies but didn't stop, knowing they would be watching him now they knew he was awake and up. Making his way down to the main floor he bypassed Cathy's office and headed straight to the apartment. Once out the door however he stopped as he raised the hand to knock at the door. Why was he here?
"Sounds...p...p...perfect." Sherlock hand clenched at John's wrist again as his body started to shake and the monitor the paramedic had hooked up to Sherlock went off.
"It became routine. The torture, being cleaned, then the touching. But then the touching became...he said I was selfish, that he had been making me feel good and I had offered nothing in return. He...that night he penetrated me, as well as used his hand, he hurt, but I... how? How did I still...ejaculate?"
"Sherlock." John moaned slightly as he pushed himself more against Sherlock’s shoulder as the man moved from his ear and down his neck, his plush lips not kissing, just running lightly over John’s pulse point, John knowing that Sherlock was taking his pulse.
As he woke more he snuggled down into his pillow then sat up and turned to look at a still sleeping Sherlock.
"I'm here Sherlock. We can take this one step at a time, nice and slow, and the first step would be for you to show me."
Feeling himself tense slightly John went to look away, he really did but the man seemed intent to keep them both connected. Slowly a small smile formed on the others lips and John couldn't help it, he smiled back.
“I think it likes you.” John whispered into Sherlock’s ear which sent a whole different kind of shiver down his spine.
"Thank you." The paramedic left and John went about opening things with one hand and his teeth, he then stared to pack the wide open hole in Sherlock’s abdomen.
"Christen!!" Moran shouted and Christen let go allowing John to gasp in pain as he tried to curl up into himself, to protect his side.
Hello! So sorry for the wait but my god it has been hard to write lately, serious writers block on pretty much everything and it has been doing my nut in! So, please bare with me if I don't have anything for a while, I basically write when I feel I can. This however will be finished, I just can not give a time line.
also Sherlock is a little OC in this story, but I think, given what he has gone through he deserves to be just a little OC.
"You have not spent the last four months eating here, sleeping here, working here, resting here. You don’t know how she feels when something is wrong, how she sounds when something moves, when something causes her to shift. You may have designed her Sherlock, but the Leviathan is ours, not yours and you were totally stupid to think we would need your help!"
“I forgive the meanness, as for the kiss, that’s something we do now right?” As if to test the point Sherlock lifted his hand still holding John’s and kissed the back of John’s hand.
Sherlock knew at once what John implied. Baker Street was central London. It wasn’t cheap. He was impressed that John had observed that he worked at the coffee shop.
John blinked before nodding and leaving the room. He only made it a few spaces before breaking into a run, he needed to shower.
Just as Molly and John started to unhook the object from the long arm Coffey pushed them out of the way.
"I am recommending you stay away for three months. In that time I can try to build upon what little foundations are left in John's mind and then hopefully I will be able to reintroduce you."
John stood the nail in his hand dropping, but he didn’t care. He had gotten two of the six bolts, it had to be enough. Grabbing the bars she started to pull and push, pull and push, the cage shifting slightly with its new found freedom, even if it only was in the form of two small bolts. Keeping up the momentum John felt as the other bolts started to shift within their concrete prison, felt as they moved, as they destroyed the walls holding them in place. He could do this, he could get out, he really could.
"We'll take reading as we go. If the reactor's breached or the warheads have released radioactive debris, we'll back away. Simple." Coffey said his eyes still glued to the map before them.
“It’s okay.” John slowly let go of Sherlock’s wrists, placing them instead upon Sherlock’s face. “It’s okay.”
Felling John move from his bed to stand behind him, Sherlock continues to make faces, each one replicated by the water.
"Sherlock that was two days ago. You have woken a few times since then, but you weren't handling the pain like you are now."
If there was one thing he could ever say he hated about his father, it was the fact that they had moved home that many times that John had not made one single true friend, he had not had a single birthday party and he had not had or been to a single sleepover.
Grabbing his clothes he went to the bathroom, quickly brushing his teeth and having a quick wash before pulling on his clothes as he made his way to his door and headed towards the flat. Once there he knocked and waited.
They had walked back in silence, the time close to midnight once they returned and so they walked to the patio attached to the apartment.
"He came to ask me something but stopped as he saw me on the phone. I don't know if he was waiting for me to finish but in the end I called and left messages, deleting each one, several times before he made himself known. I was mad at first but as he talked I realised that I couldn't lead him on anymore, that before me was someone so close to loving me but I was unable to give it back. So I let him go. I..." He stopped taking taking in a shuddering breath. "That day was the day I realised I wouldn't live for much longer."
"I planned everything Sherlock. Going to my sisters, waiting till after Christmas, taking the heroine, having the scalpel ready. Mrs Hudson’s though was a mistake, she was meant to be at her sisters and Mycroft was to find me. But she was home, she heard me fall or something and...I wont forgive myself for that. But everything else I had planned to perfection, only a crazy person would do that."
"Because the damage was already done!" Sighing she finally moved, uncrossing her legs and running a hand through her hair. "I'm sorry Sherlock, this wasn't all your fault and I am blaming it on you when I shouldn't."
"Never." Sherlock answered as fell to his side pulling John with him till he was led on his back and John cuddled against his chest.
Eyes wide he cover his mouth with his hand as the whole thing came crashing around him. He had tried to hurt Sherlock, something he had promised he would never do. He had lost himself when he had tried to break Sherlock’s arm, having no recollection of who he was or even who Sherlock was.  All he knew was that who ever had been touching him needed to stop and needed to be hurt.
Sighing, Sherlock turned back to the wall his finger tracing the crack a moment but pulling back as pain once again raced through his body. Wincing he stepped away from the wall the pain easing to just a dull ache and he finally got it.
“Yeah…thanks.” John stepped around the other nurses, heading to the head of the bed and took the brush from the older man. Smiling, he nodded his thanks once again and turned to look down at Sherlock before gently starting to brush out the knots and dried blood from the dark curls.
“Thanks. No, I can handle it. John... there won't be enough to run the heaters. In a couple hours this place is going to be as cold as a meat locker.”
So this is to everyone that has waited so patiently for this update, I am sorry to keep you waiting for so long, I hope this makes up for it, or if not then the hopefully the next chapter will ;)
Licking his lips Sherlock tried to control his racing heart. Sure he had seen John totally naked not twenty-four hours earlier, but that was diffrent, John had been hurting. Now however he was sleepy and plienant and all Sherlock wanted to do was curl up around him and touch.
The other started at him, Molly and Greg with a slight smile to their faces, Mike was still pulling worms from his hair but he stared with respect, whereas Sally and Philip didn’t look at all impressed.
"I'm here to guide, the help. And the first thing that needs to happen is just for the two of you to talk, to reconnect on a verbal level."
"Bolts." Sherlock’s eyes slid to the floor before he just let his eyes close and slump against the bars.
"Yeah..crowbar to the ribs, four, five and six left side broken." John shook his head. "Its a wonder they never punctured a lung."
"Fun...okay." John stepped back from his husband a sly smile on his face. "New game. First to touch loses."
Time was a none existent thing when you are in pain. You have no concept of it, it’s like the whole world stops, even the sun stops so that night and day no longer happen and everyone you meet just happens to be there all that the same time. But then that’s not true, only one person is there constantly.
"Civil...maybe give him that same speech when he does get out, he might just tell you what I want to but I'm far too polite to."
"Take another step and I will shoot." One of the oncoming men said, he had pale green eyes and a nasty scare down the side of his face.
"It has to be said. Your life depended on what I did that day and I would have done anything to make sure you lived."
Sherlock’s eyes where wild as he looked at John, it was clear he was still caught in the nightmare as he still fought but John watched as the world around Sherlock came back into focus, the nightmare slowly slipping from him.
John was working on his recent blog post, writing up their last case, a boring four, yet it had paid well. A missing family hireloom worth more than John makes in a year had gone missing.
“Right…then maybe we should use that same logic when it come to the two of us.” With that John leaves and heads to the med bay to check on Dimmock.
Gently pulling his wrist free John placed both his hands on Sherlock's face and lent down till their foreheads touched.
They didn’t go far, just a few doors down a long hall was another room just like John's but inside was a proper hospital bed and monitors. Upon the bed was Sherlock, his pale skin still grey, eyes closed and most of his upper body covered in bandages.
"I had made a stupid mistake; I had underestimate a man I thought to be a no one within the cell I was tracking. It turned out that this man was far from stupid, in fact he ran the whole damn thing and he knew exactly who I was." Sherlock shuddered. "I thought I had convinced him to let me join, so when he took me to one of the meeting's I just walked straight into their trap."
"I don’t remember!" The alarm in his voice caused John to stand, fingers delved into his hair and he calmed down instantly. "It’s okay. This is normal, you are allowed to forget, it’s your minds way of protecting you." The fingers in his hair started to stroke through the curls causing Sherlock to push against the hand slightly. "You're like a cat." John said with a smile.
John was able to get Sherlock onto the sofa after an hour on the floor, his leg finally complaining enough for him to do something about it.
"Only you have the keys to those Mr Holmes." Mark answers, again with a smile. John see's Sherlock look over Mark, sees his mind working, reading the man behind the desk.
Surprisingly it was Sherlock who took the lead with making the tea, something she was sure that John would have taken control of. But the smaller man just sat back and watched as Sherlock sorted the both of them out and handed John the first mug. When this happened however a none verbal exchange happened between the two and when Sherlock turned back he looked up at her with his strange all seeing eyes.
"Yeah. Bullet graze to the left upper arm, and bullet wound to the right lower side, no exit wound." As he moved his coat he heard Greg gasp and then the world tilted dangerously. "Damn..."
"Agreed." John nodded. "I've packed the wound as best I can, that will help with the external bleeding, possibly with the internal if I was able to put enough in the right place."
"To make you pass out. It worked, it also let you get back in here. Gave you a chance to be pain free as well as drug free."
"Coming from the man who-" John stopped himself. He knew something had happened to Sherlock while he was away, knew he had been hurt, tortured and where there was tortured he knew there could be more. "You have no patience Sherlock, you never have."
"John please, I can't." Sherlock hated the tone of his voice, the pure helpless he felt clearly heard in every word.
"I'm sorry...I'll tell them to not come, to leave." As he said this a knock sounded on the door causing John to jump, his hand grabbing Sherlock’s wrist in such a way that he could feel Sherlock’s pulse.
Feeling arms wrap around his waist he let ut a sob as he knew what was to come next, but instead he was pulled away from the door and guided into a shower.
"Basic torture, water given rarely and in drops only, food given days and days apart. As I said they hardly let me sleep."
"Yes, now John!" Sherlock cried out as John pushed into him, his cock leaking as John went deeper and deeper until he was fully sheathed.
"Great..." John breathed as he felt a needle push into his arm and then the darkness he had been wishing for started to creep in on him.
As the train stopped at the next station people flooded off and John took the first chance to grab an empty seat, his leg thanking him as he took his weight from it. Relaxing slightly he looked up and down the cab as people filed on, squeezing into ever space available. It was then that he saw him, the man with the dark curls, with clear crystal eyes,  and skin so pale it almost glowed against the dark material of his coat.
"You will be next." He said as he shifted, lifting Sherlocks leg and placing it at his shoulder. "Are you ready love?"
The man looked back down at Sherlock now crying, tears running down his face, his eyes open but staring blankly at the ceiling.
"His brain will rot for sure if he has no external stimuli." He missed John laugh slightly as he lifted the paper back up and started to read once again.
Sherlock had somehow fallen asleep once again, this time in a room that held the memory of his parent’s front room. He had always fallen asleep on the sofa they had when he was a teen, it was soft and perfect, melding itself to his lanky form and allowing him the peace he so longed for when his mind became too much.
"I don't plan on leaving anyone behind that could come find us." He said clearly, the smile never leaving his lips.
As he waited he tried not to look around too much, he just looked down at his knees till a hand suddenly took his hand holding the tumbler and the sound of liquid filling the glass caused him to look up.
Smiling Sherlock kissed the top of John’s head. “John, do you remember a man on the train, in the next cab. Grey suit, dark eyes.”
"John is being sectioned under the mental health act. He has agreed to this, but even without his concent he would be held." She looked down at the file she held for a moment. "John has requested one thing. He wishes for you to remain his next of kin, yet has made it clear you are to have no contact with him for the foreseeable future."
John listened with a smile as his crew sang, at least the guys had kept their moral up, saw the adventure in what they were doing even if he could read their worried looks when they thought he couldn’t see.
"Sherlock please tell me we have no cases, no plans, no... Oh, sorry." John stopped just inside the door taking in Ari as she smiled form his chair.
John stood stunned, he had never heard Sherlock talk so passionately about anything, not even the rig and it made it hard not to believe him.
"John." John looked up as Sherlock placed the now empty mug on the small coffee table between them. "I should have cancelled the phone."
“Well you just wait, he’s in your class, you just wait and see how weird he is!” Sally said loudly. John was looking up at the tree as she spoke and he saw those words hit the boy as though they were stones.
“It’s okay.” John’s hand left his face causing him to moan in loss slightly, but his mind soon became take up with trying to control his breathing.
"Including destroying a whole village?" Sherlock asked mockingly, but the look John gave him spoke volumes. "Bloody hell, John!”
"Right, and you just happen to be watching the footage of me and Sherlock just before the explosion?"
“He was here. Was he in the explosion?” John watches as Sherlock turns the screen to his brother pointing out the man.
Within the engine room alarms blare and lights flash as the thruster motor screams like a steel banshee before it explodes with smoke and shrapnel, seconds late fire erupts and men start shouting within the smoke.
"I should tell Cathy that." John said in a dead voice before he shook himself slight and looked up with a small smile. "So now you know the depth of my crazy."
“I just do.” John felt Sherlock turn his face to bury his nose in John’s hair. “Who are you? How have you infected me so?”
"I'll set it up." He watched Sherlock get everything ready as he sipped his tea, he then panicked as he realised he needed clothes.
“It's gotta be, like, an emergency plan to keep it away from the Russians... Hotwire one of the nukes with some kind of detonator, put it back in the sub, and boom, gone!” Molly shrugged then her eyes widen as she looks at the door. “Oh, uh... hi, Lock.”
By the time John had signed all the papers to discharge himself, against medical advice, Sherlock had screamed himself horse before passing out. It would seem sedatives didn’t work, they only seemed to heighten whatever was already in Sherlock’s system and so they could only sit back and watch as he screamed and fought against anything that touched him.
"Hands up whore." Moran ordered and to Sherlock’s shame he did it, placing his hands flat against the wall. Lowering his head he let the tears flow as his shirt was cut from his back exposing his already fully scared back to the chill of the air.
"You dont have to John." Sherlock’s voice was nothing more than a whisper, John was even sure he heard it shake slightly.
“Yeah, it’s okay. I have you.” Looking up he spots the lead doctor, puts his free hand in his coat pocket and draws out the vile that would cure Sherlock. “Test it, do whatever you have to do to use it and then give it to him, just make sure it won’t kill him first.”
John continued to stare, his breathing slow and steady. He was at a cross roads, make Sherlock leave or let him stay. He knew what the easiest move was, let him stay, forgive him. But if he did that then John was sure they would never get pass it all, never be able to have a future because John would never forgive him, not fully. So best to end it now.
"Well, it's been made official, hurricane Hank will be making our lives extremely interesting within the next few days."
Stopping his pacing he stood at the end of John's bed. John was awake, his eyes open, his head turned to the side as he just stared at the wall not giving any attention to Sherlock.
Coffey watches as his men huddle around an open missile hatch of the Montana using the large arm to help as they slow went about extracting one of the war head from a missile.
"I would have lost him if we didn't get him out when we did, another ten minutes and they wouldn't be in there, he would have probably died on the way here. It was only because I told them everything on the way in that an OR had been prepped and ready to go before we even got within a mile of the hospital." John paused taking a breath. "Something ripped through his abdomen, I'm not sure what, it was dark. But it...it damaged a lot, his intestines definitely had damage, his liver I'm not sure about, I'm not sure of anything. It was dark, he was bleeding internally, because he started to cough up blood, that is what they will be looking for, the thing that will kill him if they don't find it."
Sherlock reached out taking hold of John's hand and pulling him closer. Instantly John's scent assaulted Sherlock’s senses causing his heart to beat faster which then caused his heart monitor to beep causing John and the nurse to look up at the screen.
More shouting joined the first and then feet could be heard running, the sound of it causing John to finally turn. Looking around he frowned as he watched paramedics running with their kit, as police officers sprinted along the cliff, running towards a lone figure walking slowly towards them.
"John," she pulled back once again, then turned to Sherlock and he was kissing her instantly. She heard John's gasp, but her attention was on the man kissing her. When Sherlock pulled back he smiled slightly at her then looked at John with shy eyes. As she took in the captain she saw the heat in his eyes and she knew he was close to caving. "You liked that, seeing him that way."
"A four or five-year-old made it out...I let him go." John suddenly stood turning away from Sherlock as his hands delved into his hair gripping it tightly. "I never told anyone that, not even Harry."
Sherlock reached out then taking John’s hands in his own but said nothing as John squeezed his fingers gently.
A hand gently placed itself over his and he found himself flinching back away from the touch for the first time in weeks. Eyes wide he sought out the owner of the hand, finding it attached to Sherlock, attached to the one person who could touch him. But here in this room with so many people.
Once he was happy with his bandages he stood against the wall furthest from the door of his makeshift cell and waited.
"Fair enough." John moved then, shifting Sherlock onto his back and looking down at him as he ran his fingers through curls. "Tell me what I can do?"
“Help.” John breathed out as paramedics entered the room pushing John back which caused him to go into hysterics. Yes, he wanted help, knew Sherlock needed it, but how dare they push him away from his husband!
Their eyes locked and he knew John saw it, even before he did it, he knew John knew exactly what he had planned.
“Figured that out for yourself, did you?” Sherlock said, only to be elbowed by John who shook his head slightly.
“It’s nice to know your language hasn’t improved much since we split up.” Sherlock said from behind him.
Across from her she watched as Mycroft paced, a phone to his ear as he spoke in quick sharp words. The mask he wore so well had slipped, his anger plain as day as his tone went from commanding to out right demanding.
Grazed bullet wound to the left arm, shot in the right side, the bullet now lodged inside him, he needed to get it out and fast, he also needed to make sure no fabric from his clothing had also entered the wound, something that would led to internal infection if he was not careful.
“Yeah, I think I would be weird too if I saw my parents being killed.” John said with an edge to his voice.
John suddenly laughed, then paused before giggling like mad as Sherlock pulled himself free and ran to the bathroom. When he returned John was still laughing, the sound of it filling up the room and making John feel lighter than he had felt in months.
“Yes.” He said smoothly as he stood and took hold of the hand held out to him. “And you must be Sebastian.”
Fisting his hands, he took a few steadying breaths before looking up and heading out of the hospital.
"But you're not there anymore Sherlock. We are currently in a hospital, its posher than any hospital I have ever been in but its still one."
Closing his eyes he replayed the events, the touching and kissing. The exploring of each others skin and scars, the soft gently orgasm that had taken place with John's using his hand, then the clean up and the cuddles that had seen Sherlock fall asleep on John's chest listening to his steady heart beat.
“Now Sherlock, this is going to hurt.” Moriarty nodded and Moran picked up the length of rope attached to Sherlock’s wrists, while the black eyed man picked up that attached to his ankles. At the same time, they both pulled, hard, stretching out Sherlock’s arms and legs causing every wound, every broken bone, every bruise to waken, as well as dislocating at least one of Sherlock’s shoulders. The scream that filled the room made John feel sick, but he watched, he took note and he pledged to the man screaming that he would do so much more to those hurting him.
So this was what it was like to finally be pushed over the edge. For your mind to finally snap, to create illusions so perfect, so detailed that it was hard to believe that what was before him wasn't real, so he didn't even fight it. Sherlock was there, sat in a suit, looking not exactly perfect, but he was there, he was there and John was furious.
"Relax Sherlock." She heard John say so she reached down and took hold of Sherlocks cock, it  was still wet from John's mouth making it easy to move her hand up and down and twist.
"He lost me close to fifty million John, I think my reasons are justified." The blond replied, so that was MaCormick. John wasn't so sure, the last picture Sherlock had showed him of their target was grainy and the details hard to extract. Apparently MaCormick had dealings in human trafficking, his main business dealing with young girls.
John grabbed the first cab he saw, somehow channelling Sherlock’s super power of sticking out his hand and a cab just appearing. Half an hour later he was sat in Mycroft’s office, a cup of tea in front of him, provided by Anthea. He was in for a long wait according to Mycroft’s ever present assistant, the plane was still four hours out and then it was an hour from the airport. So he sat and waited, staring at the portrait of the queen for a time before pulling out his phone and going through his emails, then he reread his blog, and looked through Sherlock’s before putting his phone away and started to pace.
"Not to worry doctor Watson." She said as she got up and did her regular checks. As she pulled down the covers to look over the wound and make sure the lines were still clear, John stepped closer.
Sherlock looked up at John’s face, then down at his offered hand before taking it. John’s hand was soft and warm, but strong, his smaller fingers wrapping around his hand, and helping him slowly to his feet.
"I agree. Do you think you can move to the sofa?" John asked as his thumb ran over Sherlock’s cheek.
He answered with silence and action. Shrugging off his shirt he let it fall to the floor then closed his eyes.
"Yes he does John, remeber we talked aboit this. Sherlock is alive, he always has been and he has recived every message you have ever left him."
Smiling, John pushed up from his position before he started to walking around the room, tidying as he went. They had both been living in the room now on a full time basis since Sherlock had woken. John refused to leave and Sherlock hated it whenever John even so much as talked about leaving. So when Sherlock spoke again John paused as he picked up a jumper and slowly turned to Sherlock.
"I never knew how exhusting walking and kissing could be." He breathed out as he just caught his breath.
"Do you find anything of me unappealing?" John asked, standing up straight, his eyes hard and defensive.
"Not better than me." Sherlock almost hissed before storming pass John and heading to the control room.
Green was also a colour. Again not boring green, more like a crystal green, the kind of green you could find in the most clearest of waters.
Sherlock started at him for a while then got into the bed and curled himself up into John as John wrapped his arms around him.
John smiled, he couldn’t help it. “Sherlock, they have to move you, change bandages, clean you. Whenever that happens you will be in so much pain. There has be something we can do, in those time, to not cause more pain.”
(2:22am) Sleeping is for the weak. Besides my head wont shut down! I...Harry didn't stay long, she tried to hug me and well I let her then didn't speak. I dont really remember what happened, what was said, Cathy said I blanked out. I haven't done that in weeks Sherlock because you...no...sorry...I wont blame you for this. I need to learn to deal with this alone. JW
Mycroft watched as Sherlock's hand sought out John pulling the smaller man towards him, gripping him with a need to have something to ground him.
“I work with the police, on cases, I help them when they are out of their depth, which just happens to be always. Anyway, I also take on private cases, they pay the bills but they are boring, sometimes not even worth my time. But as I said they pay the bills.” Sherlock looks at the screen, at the man. “About two months ago I was contacted by someone that had, for a lack of a better term, started a game. He left me clues to cases and I solved them in the time frame he gave me.”
"Take these off." He hissed, not caring for the sweetness rolling off the nurse, or for her concerned eyes, or gentle nature. He wanted out! "Also get me discharge papers."
"I don't care! Get in there and get them out!" This caused Cathy to catch her breath but she didn't allow herself to overreact until she knew the whole story.
"Till when? Till they destroy each other? Drain each other? My brother is already suffering, his mind is a mess and having John depending on him is not what I would deem helpful to either of them."
“Do you want to do this John?” John looked down at the brush then to the nurse, a man, in his late fifties with greying hair and kind brown eyes.
Four men stood with guns pointing at the two of them and just behind them was another, this one well dressed, his blond hair artfully styled. Grey eyes watched the two of them for a moment then he sighed as he looked at the dead man on the floor.
John felt Sherlock’s hand against the side of his head, his long fingers brushing his hair. Lifting slightly he pushed his head into that hand and felt tears burning his eyes.
"Leave." John repeated for the third time. "I can not get up and make you." He lifted his wrists as much as he could, the restraints only giving him the smallest of movements to prove his point.
Again I am no therapist so just go with it, after all this story is mostly dialogue so what is set up in this chapter will help with moving it forward.
“So it’s only a few more layers, no bleeding seen so far so that’s a good thing.” Sherlock watches as John peels back another layer then moves to watch John’s face.
"Okay." The therapist stepped around the two orderlies. "Okay, well, he cant stay there. Let them put him on the sofa."
"I love you. I will love you as John, as Austin, as every single alias I have ever taken because they are all me. Do you understand that?"
As it completes its turn he lowers his hand then smiles as it dives gracefully down wall, the turbulent of water forcing him to take a few steps back. Recovering quickly he suddenly remembers the camera he has attached to his suit. Grabbing it he moves back towards the edge of the drop and lifts the camera aiming to take a picture when the smaller craft moves swiftly in front of him taking him by surprise and pushing him back slightly.
“I am counting on it.” John frowned at the man’s words and he let go of the suit as Moriarty just smiled at him.
Sherlock searched his eyes. He didn't know what it was he was after, what he searched for but he found it. Guilt, sorrow, heartache.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock whispered as his hand finally slipped through John's and he fell, John’s screams following him till he crashed into the water.
"I...John...." Fingers ran through curls, pulled slightly before gripping the edge of the hospital bed causing his knuckles to go white. "I'll be at home then."
"You do that." Sherlock said as he opened his eyes, not even remembering when he closed them. "You keep the edge off; this just helps a little."
"Your room. Your bed...sleep...come on." John entered the room without waiting and before Sherlock even crossed the threshold he had fallen on the bed face first, his arms moving under the pillow.
John winced at the sound Sherlock tried to hold back as he finally stood, not reaching his full height as his body had him curl slightly into himself, protecting the area damaged as much as possible.
"No it's fine, you can have one ice chip, but you have to let it just melt no um...no sucking." John picked up another chip and placed it against Sherlock’s lips. "Open."
"You're okay, you're not being held prisoner and you are safe. You are safe." He repeated to himself, John’s voice also sounding in his head.
Two years he had lived with this man, a man that wore god awful jumpers, made perfect tea, was a crack shot and was the most interesting person Sherlock knew.
He stared at the pills in their tiny paper cup before picking them up, turning on his heal, walking back into the bathroom and tipping them down the toilet.
The water snake moves suddenly, turning back on itself and looping itself into a full circle and ties itself into a knot. As the knot tightens down it melts back into itself, the knot disappearing as it leaves the sleeping quarters.
"Now, how about I add one, right here." Moran's finger ran from his left hip and across his lower back, it was one of the few areas still unscathed.
"They dont really have a good relationship. But we can ask him." Sherlock offered as he placed his now empty mug back down.
"Sherlock doesn't care!" He hissed. He saw the reaction to his emotional reaction on his therapists face, her eyes widened slightly and she wrote for a while.
"Of course John." She raised her hand again and when she touches his arm she smiled down at it. "This really is excellent progress John, I'm really proud of you."
"Thank you." Was all John said before pulling the coat of him and standing with the heavy belstaff still in hand, Sherlock watched him but made no move to stand. "Here."
“Lock, stay away from that guy. I mean it.” His voice was soft, the plea clear to hear. Sherlock looked down at him, those amazing eyes searching his. “Please. I don’t trust him.”
"I made you tea." Sherlock nodded to the mug on the table, John glad that he didn't say anything else.
John faught with himself as he waited. He wanted to crawl over to Sherlock, to wrap his arms around him and just make it all go.
Lifting his free hand he gently pulled Sherlock’s fingers free from where they were holding his wrist. He felt the resistance but soon Sherlock relented. Once free he moved forward, his foot falls just as quiet as the other mans.
As soon as he blinked he knew what had happened. He was still sat in the conservatory, but it was dark out and he hurt from having sat still all day.
"I relive that whole day." John whispered. "I go through it all, and the part of me that knows it's not real tries to make things diffrent but it never works." Sherlock’s arms tighten around him but he says nothing.
Lestrade watched, feeling slightly sick, but not wanting to interfere or stop John in anyway. The John Watson he knew wouldn’t stand for this though, he wouldn’t want another human to suffer, yet here John was, looking down at a man clearly suffering and not caring in anyway.
Sherlock had been stood at the patio doors when his phone had rang. Taking one last drag of his cigarette he threw the stub outside and answered. Hearing John reply he had started moving,  grabbing his coat and heading to the door. By the time he had hung up he already had John in his sights.
"Okay." Sherlock finally nodded, hoping the woman would understand he was agreeing to stay as well as agreeing to having John taken and led on the sofa.
It took him three days to find him and now he was pretty sure there was a very high chance the two of them would die in this hell hole.
"I know." John hesitated then stepped forward entering Cathys personal space for the first time since they met. She smiled and slowly raised her hand giving John every chance to back away before placing a hand on his arm.
"Okay...okay stop you made your point!" John walked to the other side of the bed and looked over at Moran. "Let her go!"
"Flatbed, I seem to be having power issues." Sherlock said over the com, but got nothing back. "Flatbed, Flatbed do you read me over?"
"No, he's telling the truth." Sherlock admitted as he fell back onto the bed breathing hard, his hands gripping the sheets hard.
Leaning his head against the the cool tiled wall he let the warm water run over his back, hissing slightly at it stung. When he opened his eyes he expected to see blood red water running down his lower body and down the drain. But it was clear.
The Phycologist had returned half an hour ago and had not left. Sherlock was unsure to the meaning of this, if the longer she stayed the more likely John would be section or if the longer she stayed the more like John will be free to leave by the end of the day.
"We keep trying. He could surprise us all but until we try we wont truly know what damage was done."
“I read you Molly. What's the matter?” He asks still working. The reply when it comes is mostly static then the lights on his helmet begins to dim out, followed by Little Geeks lights, then its motor stops working and it settles down on the sea bed.
Sherlock pulled back first, his breath hot and fast against John's cheek as he pressed his forehead to John's.
Searching John’s eyes he felt a calm ease over him. He really was home, with John, with the love of his life and he would always be home as long as John was with him.
"No you're right, totally right, because all it takes is to design something, watch it be built and then just send it on its way to know how it works."
"Right so sit back and relax gents. Six hours and you will all be out causing as much havoc as you like."
“Arghh then what is the point of you.” Sherlock pulls his hand free then starts to pull at his IV lines.
"Com-check, everybody. Flatbed, you on line?" Sherlock asks as he manoeuvres Cab One through the water.
"I let another die because I couldn't leave him." The doctor sighed and looked over at his patient before placing a hand on John's shoulder.
Mycroft looked to the nurse sat at the desk, the dark hair woman looking Mycroft with a raised eyebrow before turning to John.
John Watson may not be the name I was born with but it is who I am because I cannot and will not go back to being Austin because then I won’t have you."
One of the Marines, Wilhite, had drowned after getting stuck under one of the subs, while trying to secure it. Three crew memebers had drowned in the drill room, while another two had drowned in the crew quarters as it was the first level to flood.
Moving through the rig he heads for the rooms he and the other mariens had been using. Once inside he makes for his bags picking one up and throwing it onto the bed just as Schoenick walks in and closes the door behind him.
"He's good company." John said from the other end of the sofa a book in his hand and a cup of tea steaming away on the small table next to him.
"Only if you want it to. Or we can just sit here, drink our coffee and wait for John to wake." Cathy said with a small smile.
“Moriarty is a ghost, we have no trace what so ever on him and I have used every resource to find him.”
“They must've learned how to control water... I mean at a molecular level. They can plasticize it, polymerize it... whatever. Put it under intelligent control.” Sherlock answers, his mind running through every which way that water could be controlled.
Sherlock turned to John his perfect eyes opening. “I got back in, you allowed me that. I’m trying to control the pain on my own.”
“You’re safe, I have you.” Sherlock’s hand gripped at John’s arms his shoulders until both hands delving into soft grey blonde hair. He needed to ground himself, John was it, he was his way of keeping himself there, in the now.
"Sherlock!" John nearly growled as Ari hung up his coat then turned back to find Sherlock now stood looking down at John.
Pulling his phone free he dialled Mycroft. When the elder Holmes answered John told him everything and then told him that he needed to be here in a few hours’ time. Once done he hung up and led back on the bed not bothering with his shoes or even his jumper. He was asleep in seconds.
"I...they...where did they go?" He suddenly panicked remembering that not minutes ago his captors had been with them. Now only John and Cathy remained.
"So that when I kiss you again, after you have told me, you will know it wont have changed anything."
When Cathy had suggested having people he knew coming to vist he had agreed instantly. He wanted to see his friends, to try and get back in touch with the likes of Lestrade and Mike. Then Cathy had mentioned Mrs Hudson and he had wanted to say no. He didn't want to face the woman that had found him laying in his own blood,  a needle next to him and a knife in his hand. The image of her stood over him, calling for help had hunted him, it was, after all, ment to be Mycroft that had found him.
He was at this moment in time sat on the cold concrete floor, the cage having no bottom and the only reason it stayed put was because it had been bolted to the floor.
John didn’t stay out for long. By the time they had stabilised him and gotten him onto an ambulance he started to come back round.
"How are still standing?" Sherlock asked as John straightened himself fully with a sigh and a frown.
John had said, he had told Sherlock he couldn't talk to him directly and so Sherlock had respected that and not answered.
Closing his eyes John held onto the other man for dear life as he buried his nose in the curls that where pressed against the other side of the bars.
“We need to get unhooked and get out of here... and your boys go sightseeing!” He shouts as Demarco looks at him before taking a bit out of a sandwich he had hold of.
John kept his eyes close as the voice spoke around him, or rather he found he was unable to even try to open them he was that tired, but his mind was on high alert and it refused to stay down for too long, only giving him an hour or so of rest before it forced him to wake up yet again.
"Here." Sherlock said with a smile holding out the tin of rice pudding. John took it, their fingers brushing for the smallest amount of time.
"Right. We just need to allow him to rest before we try. His body has been through far too much in the last twenty-four hours and a few more hours at the level of sedation we have him on will not hurt."
"And why do we need Ari for that?" John tilted his head to allow Sherlock more acsess but kept his eyes on Ari.
“Okay.” Sherlock’s voice sounded drowning out the others in the room causing them to all turn to him. “So hands up if you thought that some sort of Russian water tentacle." He looked around before facing Coffey.
"John?" Sherlock tried, his voice soft, gentle. It caused John to still, his eyes fluttering slightly yet not opening.
In the time since they had put Sherlock back onto the bed John had dozed for about an hour. But other than that he had been awake, holding Sherlock's hand, brushing his hair, giving him a bed bath as well as assisting with changing all bandages and assessing his wounds, which were healing but taking their time in doing so.
"It's been less than five minutes, it takes him that long to walk to the door." Maddie had taken the opportunity to change the sheets on Sherlock's bed and she was just finishing when the door opened revealing a very pale very sweat covered Sherlock being held up by Moran.
Once they had gone and John heard the lock slid into place he made his way to Sherlock and lent over him as though to check his eyes.
Sherlock hated this, but then at least this was only six hours, it could take close to three weeks when they went back up to the surface and that would be hell. Leaning back on the bunk he tried not to watch the others around him as they popped their ears and talked amongst themselves. He couldn't however not pay attention to all the equipment they had brought with them. Letting his eyes run over everything he spotted all their diving gear easily as well as a porotype dive suit he had recently read about.
"John...where are we?" Sherlock now looked slightly panicked, a look John was not used to seeing on that perfect face.
It was rough, and fast and over far too quickly but it was perfect, so utterly wounderful as he held on to a shaking Sherlock while they both breathed in much needed air and came down from the most exquisite high.
"No, and neither will your doctor's. They will see this as a bad thing. But as I've said before, your mind is unlike most people's and it is protecting you."
"No...no leave him!" John's hand tightened around the object in his hand and pulled it from the pocket. His other hand grabbed at Sherlock’s arm his fingers certainly leaving bruises.
He led Sherlock to the bathroom, lowering him to the chair by the bath. “I just need to grab my bag.”
"Thanks Mycroft." John's voice broke through his musings, his hands lowering the paper before folding it gently and placing it on his lap.
John tried to process this, to wrap his head around it. He really had chosen a man that attracted danger, he just never realised just how dangerous.
Passing one of the cups to Monk, who nodded his thanks, he went and sat on the only remaining chair, wrapping a blanket around his shoulders and settling into a comfy position while he sipped at his coffee.
"Keep him sedated and once the doctor is awake and taken care of himself have him deal with Holmes." That was someone he didn't recognise.
Sherlock’s eyes darted up to watch John as the smaller man finished making the tea then bringing two mugs from the open kitchen, placing one on the coffee table and walking towards Sherlock with the other.
"You led me away from John, but you backed yourself into a corner. Here no one will hear your screams, and I will make you scream."
“What happened?” He asked as his hands started to pull at Sherlock’s jacket to get at whatever was bleeding.
“John.” His voice shook and some part of him thought that he should feel shame at himself for sounding so lost, so desperate, but he really didn’t care.
Looking up at the damn lights and blowing out a cloud of cigarette smoke, Sherlock sighed as he leaned against the cold brick wall. Early December had arrived with a chill that threatened snow, adding another layer to his already deep annoyance. He really hated this time of year.
So climbing from one tree to the next he started to make his way down to the ground then stopped as he looked down at where the new blond boy had been sat drawing in the dirt. Tilting his head, he frowned and then smiled, the boy had drawn something, something that could only be clearly seen from above, something only he would have been able to truly make out as he climbed down to the ground.
“About time Greg.” He breathed before turning his head and looking down the hall. “The cavalry finally arrived.”
"Leave." He repeated, part of him marveling in the fact that he could even talk, after all he was dead inside.
Mycroft had been able to lable it on Moran, the style and motive obviously him. But so far his brother had been unable to locate and arrest him, hence the need for Sherlock.
Pulling away slightly John moved his hand from Sherlock’s hair to his face, his palm catching on the stubble on Sherlock's face.
"Right, turn over and sit up." Sherlock ordered as he came to John's side of the bed. He watched with a smile as John slowly did as he was told and once sat up he raised his arms allowing Sherlock to pull his jumper off.
The kiss was harsh, intence, without boundaries and most definitely without hesitation. Sherlock pushed back till John was on his back his legs settling inbetween John's, their hips lining up perfectly. John moaned as Sherlock delved his tongue into his mouth, the muscle licking and searching, toying with John's own tongue.
He smiled as John lent forward and kissed him, really kissed him. Sighing he ran his hands up John’s arms, kissing him back until he became dizzy. Pulling back he took in a deep breath, his eyes still closed as John ran his fingers softly over Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock fell asleep not long after, leaving John alone with his thoughts, his plans, all the while watching as the one person he could ever say to truly loving slept on, free, for now, as he dreamt and rested.
"Yes, but it's okay. We will find him first." John reached out, delving his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, an action that lightened Sherlock’s eyes and brought his attention fully onto John.
John frowned as he continues to run his fingers over Sherlock’s hand, listening as the doctor talked, but already knowing everything.
Once he was able to look he growled as the man with black eyes stood over a still screaming Sherlock.
"Mycroft Holmes." Mycroft held out his hand but John simply held his hands up showing the blood covering them, Sherlock’s blood. "Right." Mycroft dropped his hand taking a deep breath as he did so. "Please, take the car. I will be waiting upstairs for Sherlock to get out of surgery, meet me there?"
Back in the control room, Molly places Beany in a clear zip lock bag and holds it between her teeth as she carries out her own procedures. While John and Sherlock continue to monitor the crane as it falls through the water.
"I'm sorry, so sorry." He hears John's voice shake then a hand presses firmly onto his abdomen. A scream rips its way out of his throat then blissful darkness takes him.
Sherlock couldn't let go of John, the John that was fake, the John that was in his head, the John that was warm, soft and solid. He smelt amazing, felt fantastic and it was all a trick.
"He's been stable. They have changed all his dressing and taken care of everything else since you have been gone. Stacy here has been excellent company."
Lowering his hand he stared at the door. Right on the other side was the man he had missed for so long, the man he had talked to when he needed to talk, even if it was just a voicemail.
"Your lips are sinful." John uttered as he pulled back slightly, but not enough as when he spoke Sherlock could feel his lips move over his.
John stood just behind and to the left of Sherlock looking down at the bomb, the bomb he wanted off his rig as soon as possible.
He listened as John walked back inside soon followed by the sound of the kettle being switched on. Sighing he took another drag, blowing the smoke up into the night sky.
"You could have taken me with you." John whispered, his anger suddenly draining away, with it his strength. He had been trying for too long to stay strong, he had enough.
"Sorry...sorry I didn't mean to frighten you. I left someone to come look for you. Told her I would be back to help."
"About a week after coming here. It was just small reactions at first, but it soon became evident that his phobia had increased, epically when he broke one of our orderlies arm. His anger doesn't help either."
Moaning and cries started to fill the carriage as people came to, as they started to feel, as the adrenaline subsided and the pain hit full on.
"What changed?" Cathy ask as they entered her office and went about making a coffee for the both of them.
"No clothes, allows for a better canvas, or so I'm told." Moran shrugged, showing that he really didn't care.
John shifted off the bed as soon as Sherlock let loose a scream of pain, the room flooding with nurses and doctors instantly. Stepping back, he felt a hand steady him as he stumbled slightly, turning to find Greg holding him.
the drive out of London wasslow,,the traffic tedious, but they had left with plenty of time so there would be no chance of missing the appointment.
"That is no concern Maddie, some of the field stitches I've applied have been a lot worse than that, they become badges of honour in the end." John let him self relax for a bit before slowly sitting up.
As the rig is pulled John finds his feet and pulls himself to the window to watch, his heart in his throat as he watches the rig being pulled straight for the drop off. Fists tight John breaths hard when suddenly the frame of the rig slams into rocks once again sending people flying, when all movement stops.
He felt as John's attention returned to him fully. The smaller man's body shifted slightly, soft lips grazing his temple then his forehead before a whispered voice spoke to his ear.
"Coma." Sherlock repeated testing the word on his tongue. He had been in several states of un-wakefulness, from just sleeping to passed out, but never a coma, never the state of truly being trapped. "Coma does make sense."
Anyways, you never asked me to come. Why didn't you ask? Please explain that to me. Cathy said it's because I'm not ready...I know that, but still you could have...asked.
Sherlock had returned to Bakerstreet, to a flat he hardly recognised. John had destroyed it, Mrs Hudson had explained  (after getting over her initial shook of Sherlock not being dead) that John had been so very ill, so very depressed since Sherlock had left. She had tried to keep ontop of the house but John refused her help and she was only the landlady after all.
John looked good, he was in a well cut suit in a navy blue colour, with a white crisp shirt and a deep grey tie.
“Is...he...oh.” Sherlock's eyes widen suddenly causing John to jump up and switch on the pain meds, the meds that were switched off while Sherlock was out and unable to say if they were working or not. Once he set the levels John turned to Sherlock and took the man's face in his hands.
"I'm sure." Sherlock answered as he pushed his hips forward once again which John answered with a thrust of his own hips.
Once settled John helps Sherlock, with pillows, to getting into a position he is comfortable with before crouching down before him.
Closing his eyes, he found himself in the halls of his palace, John stood before him with his top off.
“Right.” Sherlock nodded and watched himself once again as he stared at John as people flooded off at the next station. His view of John was obscured for a moment and then he saw him. A man with a dark grey hoody and a backpack. Sherlock had followed him as he had walked pass him and headed down to the end of the cab. Something about him was off, he was on edge, nervous, yet resigned as though nothing he could do would change anything. As the man stopped at the end of the cab he continued to watch until he felt eyes on him and that was when he had turned back to John.
“He is so much more than that, so much more than we give him credit for.” Sherlock’s eyes flicked to John who was breathing hard, sweat beaded upon his brow and his blue eyes were on fire. “Let him go James.”
"Of course Cathy." Sherlock’s reflected the nod John was sure he made towards the phycologist as she exited the room.
“No, no maybe, you should have. If you had this wouldn’t have happened.” John reached out and moved a few wayward curls before running his finger over Sherlock’s lower lip. “Now, because you were being your normal stubborn self, you are trapped once again.”
"We found the bleed and we got out all the debris that had been left inside. Whatever caused the main damage wasn't left inside him so it must have caused the damage as it went by him."
Keeping quite through the procedure he tried a few times to open his eyes but after achieving nothing more than a few millimetres of light he gave up and instead ran inventory on his body.
They had kept them apart, telling John only that Sherlock was stable and his wounds had been cleaned and bandaged. They refused to tell him anything more, telling him only to sort himself out first.
Sherlock forced himself to look up. John was looking at him with concern but he had a small smile on his lips and his eyes sparkled just as they always did when he had Sherlock’s full attention.
Once John finished he cleared the table, leaving Sherlock’s coffee and a pot of tea and his own mug. Sherlock watched his as he walked across the dinning room, again avoiding the very few people still sat down, yet when he returned he took the chair closest to Sherlock.
Slowly he made his way to Sherlock and as gently as possible knelt next to him. Keeping a hand pressed to his side he searched Sherlock for a pulse and upon finding one relaxed ever so slightly.
"Sherlock?" John lifted his hand to touch Sherlock’s face when the doors opened admitting Moran, Christen and the black eyed man who still had no name.
"I...I'm locked out." He groans as tears finally spill over. "Please, there has to be.... something!"
She stood then walking to her mini kitchen in her office and making both her and Sherlock a drink while the two of them took the time to calm down. When she returned she held out a mug of coffee to Sherlock, who took it, greatful to do something with his hands.
Another knock came causing Sherlock to growl against John’s neck the vibrations sending a shiver down John's spine.
Holding his breath John leans forward to look further out, watching as the cord coils up in front of the rig as it slides down of the rig itself. The sound of the radar increases until the crane appears directly in front of the rig, lit up by the flood lights, and hits the see bed with a thud.
"John." He whispered looking to the door then back to John who pulled his dressing gown on fully and walked to the door and opened it but only slightly.
Sherlock’s smooth alabaster skin was now a map of freshly made scars, some so deep John had to do a double layer of stitches.
Molly stretched her arms up above her head as she rotated her neck, sighing as it ached with the movement. Lowering her arms, she switched off the computer and stood, her hand landing on Big Geek.
“Meaning that at any moment he could wake up and the pain he has been so good at controlling will wake with a vengeance.”
“Something of an old friend.” The man answered as he pulled the syringe out and patted Sherlock on the shoulder. “It won’t be long till he starts feeling it.”
"I got hurt in some god awful village, in the middle of nowhere, they didnt really have electicity so it was probably the darkest place I had ever been. I was stuck in a hut for about a week, but it had a hole in the roof so I spent most of my time just watching as the day turned to night and then back to day. I slept mostly in the day though, so come the night I could watch the moon. It was full on the fist night and as the week passed it changed, became smaller and smaller. I would imagine you watching the same moon and in that time it...it gave me comfort."
"Hey." The paramedic returned then dropping his bag and started to cut the rest of the shirt from Sherlock.
It takes two days for Sherlock to wake again, two days of receiving the cure every twelve hours, four doses in total so far, but still not enough, his body still craved the other drug, his heart racing whenever it got close to giving him the next dose of the cure.
Things had shifted in the last few days, since that kiss, the one Sherlock didn't seem to remember, the dynamic between them had become more tactile. They spent more time reassuring through touch rather than words and Sherlock especially seemed greedy for it, something John was worried about but didn't dare mention.
When they made it into the building, they offered to take his coat, he refused, they offered to take his scarf again he refused. He needed them.
"Right. Thank." Sherlock stood slowly then headed towards the bathroom the sound of the door locking filling the silence.
John recognised it as a nightmare instantly, but it was more than that. What Sherlock was going through was a flashback, something John knew well.
Sherlock liked John’s voice. It was nice, soothing, warm, even when filled with concern. “Sherlock, my name is Sherlock.”
They both stilled, John holding onto the tops of Sherlock’s arms and the two of them just searching as they tried to control their breathing.
“No...don’t you dare touch him!” John screamed as they pulled back the covers and got Sherlock to his feet.
Trusting that John would guide him safely up the stairs, Sherlock let John lead the way, all the while wondering what it was that made him trust John so quickly.
"He...I'm not the same. He is used to someone strong, someone willing to fight, to run into the danger not away from it...I cant...I-" A knock on the door stopped him. Eyes wide he started to look around, there was only one door in or our, the room he was in was on the second floor and he knew the windows didn't open wide enough for him to even get his head out of. He was stuck, trapped, he needed to get out!
"Heroine...under the floorboards by the fireplace." John shrugged, the movement bring his attention to his restraints. "Well fuck."
"Of course." She pulled back the sheet even more allowing John a clear view of the damaged area. "They did a good job, he just got so tired bless him. He wouldn't have handled another crash."
"Oh." John didnt know how to feel about that. The part that hated touch was disgusted by it, hated it, wanted to run and shower as soon as possible. This was not a new occurrence, every time someone touched him he felt like this and nothing other than several showers made him feel better.
Leaving Sherlock by the bed he gathered together warm clothing for them both. Passing the clothes to Sherlock so they could both changed quickly before John pulled back the covers and crawled into the bed.
“I was three when my parents died, five when my anger became too much for foster carers to deal with, six when they came and took me to be trained. I killed for the first time at the age of twelve, completed my first mission at sixteen, went dark at eighteen. Since then I have killed, I have saved, I have tortured, I have done everything that has ever been asked of me.” John looks at Mycroft, tears in his eyes. “I’m forty-two years old, I have had enough. Erase me, let me sleep for the rest of my life and I will do everything in my power to keep Sherlock safe.”
"Settling." John said as he lent over some controls and looked out the window as the rig started to settle upon the ridge they had stopped over. As the rig hit the ground John stood straight and looked about making sure everything was how it should be.
Happy with his stash he turned to Sherlock and without really paying attention to his friend he quickly untied his legs and arms before using the rope of the black eyes man after digesting the man of his clothes. Once he was done he got to his feet, pulling the gun free and walked over to the door and listened. No sound came from the other side, so he gently pushed open the door and looked down either side of the hall. One side led right through the building while the other led to another set of doors, probably to the stairs.
