“It must only have a few thousand words of vocabulary...” Sherlock tusked at the screen. “Of course, school mates, so obvious.”
Captain, I don’t want to question your judgement, but you’re really letting a self proclaimed detective lead the investigation?
Sherlock ignores Amy’s staring by looking at John, who is still annoyed with Sherlock so he's looking anywhere but at him. Jake looks between Sherlock and Amy confused.
Sherlock started walking along the bridge; John went on the other side. He was 4 pillars down when he heard Sherlock’s footsteps stop. He looked up and saw him take a few steps back, look around and frown before heading to the side railings. He crouched to inspect them, but it didn’t last very long. Slowly, he straightened and peered over the railing.
Lestrade sighed and mumbled something under his breath as he went to cuff Hank. John helped Lestrade get Hank to his feet, then went to Sherlock while Lestrade walked Hank to his car.
When Sherlock took the next bite, John’s thumb lingered on his lip. It put a halt to Sherlock’s spiralling thoughts. He watched as John brought it to his own mouth and licked.
“The fire started from a lantern that fell in a bakery and spread to the other houses because of the strong winds and dry temperature. What’s that got to do with endless wonder?”
Amy slides her arm under Jake’s as they walk into the museum. Jake’s eyebrows shoot up. He’s staring at Amy when they are greeted by a bright young man.
Morgan stepped out of the darkness and Holmes chastised himself for not recognising his voice. Morgan was dressed in an impeccably tailored three-piece suit, hair slicked back, but his trademark white silk scarf nowhere to be seen.
A loud crash came from inside Watson’s flat when Holmes knocked. Is was quite the opposite reaction of the last time he had knocked, with Watson trying to silently approach the door. To think it had only been four days ago. It felt like longer for Holmes. Much had happened since then. Mainly his kidnapping. But Holmes was more focused on the result, which brought him here, tonight.
“I died!” The man spat back. “Don’t you remember? You were there. It was you who ordered us to go in there while you held back. You knew we‘d get caught, didn’t you?”
Sherlock found himself staring at the man’s hand, or rather his wrist as gravity pulled down his cuff to reveal a fading tan line. Along with the haircut, his stance, this man had
“So Mr. Holmes. Are you going to explain to me what the hell I’m doing here?” Mycroft cleared his throat before speaking.
Sherlock watches Rosa with daggers in his eyes as she manhandles John out of his handcuffs. Jake looks between John and Sherlock as he frees Sherlock.
With a cry, they lunged at each other, blades clinking as they attacked, parried and counter attacked. It didn’t take long before their blades hit and engaged, weighing each other’s strengths before pushing each other away with enough force to cause them to take a few steps back.
“What? No. If we can figure out if she’s lying or not, then we can confirm someone has in fact tampered with the GPS.” John protested quickly, cursing himself as he did so. By the way Sherlock was looking at him now, it was clear he wasn’t buying it either. “What, uh, what happened between the two of you?”
Sherlock smelled a mixture of soap, water, and shampoo, but mainly the madder root. She wondered how much stronger it would have been if she had smelled it that night. She exhaled and heard John do the same. She rubbed her nose against skin and hair a bit before inhaling again, letting the aroma wash over her. But this time, there was something else, something… out of place.
“Oh no, it’s much more than that. They need the studio to keep running to be able to...” His words trailed off as Holmes approached the bookshelf next to Watson’s desk, and started looking through the row of scripts.
“Right, well, that was your first Warehouse catastrophe, probably won’t be the last.” Sherlock sat up, his mind still whirling as it went through every memory of John he had.
“Of course. Thank you for your time, Mr. Holmes.” She answered with a pleasing smile. The Caretaker then turned to John and nodded.
The author smiled feebly at John’s pleading words. Hesitant, he looked over his shoulder, his expression sad yet hopeful. After a moment, he turned back to John. “Well, if you’re fan, then you know how I dedicate every book.”
“Obvious. And you won’t get any ransom money for that sculpture. Hand it over.” Sherlock said, cutting the man off and offering his free hand. He saw the exact moment when the man chose to run, attempting to tackle Sherlock to get through; only Sherlock ducked and flipped him onto his back. He wasn’t expecting his blow to be so strong. The Tesla was thrown out of his hands and fell over the railing. His balance took a hit and even though the man was on his back, the agent’s ankle shouldn’t have twisted that way. Sitting on the floor, Sherlock tried to control the pain as the man slowly got up, the second half of the artifact still in his hand. Holding his head with the other, he straightened himself and noticed John standing in front of him, a deadly look in his eyes. The man looked down at him and smiled. His head barely reached the man’s shoulders.
“Thank you everyone for being here, it’s rare we get the cast included in production meetings, which is why we had to do it in the evening.” Stamford smiled widely. “Ms Hawkins, if you please.”
“With your fields of expertise, you would be an asset to the investigation. I’d be foolish not to ask.” Sherlock leaned back in the couch with what he hoped was a calm and composed face.
Holmes turned when he heard the words and bumped into her, exaggerating the movement a bit. Ms Riley started shrieking, hands raised to her face.
Watson pushed through the padded door of the men’s washroom, grateful for the soft lighting.  He splashed a bit on water on his face, and held the sink, head hung low between his shoulders.
, it’s going to be huuuge. It’ll work perfectly with the cursed story. Stamford Productions will be forced to go bankrupt.”
Holmes smiled. “That is exactly why this is such a brilliant plan. She’s taking advantage of this ridiculous preconception that women are only good to cook, clean and have kids. There is much more to Ms Adler than meets the eye. She may not be the head of the operation, but she’s fully capable of leading. Think about it, why wouldn’t she be the one who has connections in the police? In fact, she’s so well known that she probably didn’t even need to know the inspectors, she could have walked in there, ask to speak to the detective in charge, and very nicely ask to close the case so we could resume filming.”
This is one of Brooklyn’s great historical landmarks. This barge is an old relic from the 1900s when this very location was one of the busiest ports on the east coast. The whole area flourished from the port, creating jobs for thousands of people--
While they silently waited, John tried to get Sherlock’s attention which was not working since he was pointedly looking anywhere but at him. It didn’t make sense to John. If his partner rationalised everything in here as fictional, then why would he insist John be the bearer of bad news.
Sherlock was still wearing a suit, but it was a different style from his usual attire. Like something his father would have worn when he was in his twenties. His hair was sleeked back and shiny, showing off his cheekbones.
“I didn’t think it would be so bright.” Sherlock squinted. “Maybe because of your natural hair colour?”
The crowd applauded, but it was nothing compared to the loud hooting that came from the first two rows. They settled as the room went dark and the screen lit up, with the opening notes of the main theme filling the room.
Their eyes met, and Watson had to restrain himself from crushing his lips against his. He didn’t dare move, as if a single movement would ruin the spell cast over them. The sight beneath him was better than anything his imagination could ever provide. Holmes’s hair was a mess, curls sprawled on the floor and across his forehead, hiding half of his right eye. He was just as out of breath as Watson, every breath stretching the fabric of his shirt, buttons straining. Watson tried to commit every detail to memory but kept getting lost in Holmes’s clever eyes.
However, when it comes to Holmes and Watson, oh Sarge, their love will inspire works of art. It will transcend time.
“So what does it do? Compel you to take over the world? Build an army? Make your ego inflate until you burst? Give you a French accent?”
The small room was filled with journalists, all at different levels of boredom as they waited for the press conference to start. Bright lights were directed towards a long table, set with a white tablecloth and four silver microphones in front of each chair.
“You protected him from the guards, let him break into a highly secure laboratory to take an artefact then helped him escape.”
“No. No, I mean, of course it’s important, it’s just…” Watson pinched the bridge of his nose. This was getting confusing.
Stamford’s eyes widened before he spoke in a menacing tone. “Lestrade, things are bad enough as it is. I don’t need a bloody murder on top of it all.”
Holmes didn’t react, he was too focused on keeping his arms wrapped tightly around Watson’s thighs. Watson clawed at him, trying to pry him off his legs while keeping his crotch away from Holmes’s face. All he managed to do was twist himself in his grip, ending up with his back to Holmes and his face pressed against the floor. Next thing he knew, Holmes had crawled up, straddled Watson’s hips, and twisted his right arm behind his back again.
Stamford looked tired, as if he had heard this speech from Watson already. Lestrade looked amused, as did Holmes, who looked away and seemed to be smothering a laugh.
The clerk handed Sherlock the paddle and waited. What was Sherlock supposed to do with it? To prevent looking too lost, Sherlock did the same as he did with the crop, holding it at either end and giving it a bit of an arc. Only the paddle reacted nothing like the crop and barely curved. Sherlock took the handle and tapped the oval part in the palm of his hands a few times. The thick leather gave it a nice weight, and the metal strip inside gave it a nice spring.
When he had woken up in his bed at the hotel, Sherlock had barely remembered getting dropped off by Stamford, and almost forgot what they had discussed. Same for his kidnapping: most of what Sherlock remembered was John emitting light, Moriarty in the half light and Ms Rosie falling back into darkness.
Hudson, that was it. Wait, the police were here? Holmes looked around, but he couldn’t see anyone besides the voices.
As they stepped out of the cab in front of the pawn shop, John looked around, not even realising he was scanning for possible threats. Sherlock noticed but didn’t say anything; instead he looked at the objects through the window, wondering if there were any more artifacts in there they didn’t know about.
The word made John eyes close, making him stop trying to understand and just listen to the sound of his name as it rolled of Sherlock’s tongue.
John’s orgasm seemed to hit with an overwhelming force. Her body tensed and released in a full body shudder. Sherlock had to wrap an arm around one of her legs to keep her mouth and fingers on her throughout. She slowed as it dissipated, the waves of pleasure decreasing in strength. She withdrew her fingers gently, and her mouth, after one last kiss.
don’t know how, but someone does or we wouldn’t be here. So start explaining.” The former soldier ordered. He didn’t want to attract attention to them by shouting even though it would have been satisfying.
“Brilliant.” The word slipped out of Watson’s mouth before he realised he was speaking. “I mean, you, not Anderson’s death. I mean, your work, not you, I barely know you.”
The next thing John knew, he was completely covered in purple goo. He looked down and saw Sherlock, his eyes closed tightly, reaching up to try and wipe the gunk out of his eyes.
It wasn’t the same type of hair but… Did it smell different? Did it change the texture as much as the hair on her head? Was it affected by the madder? Probably. Sherlock had never touched shampooed pubic hair, so she took a mental note to try it on her next shower.
“Just get back to rendezvous with the suspect. Don’t you fucking miss that chopper. Over.” Talley intervened in the coms.
Their eyes met, and Watson nervously licked his lips, before a small smile appeared on his face. Prompted by Lestrade’s comment from earlier, Watson took notice of Holmes’s smile, or lack thereof, compared to the broad toothy grin he had plastered on for his Actor persona.
“This is important, I was going over the tunnel plans and-” Holmes froze and sniffed the air. “Is that marinara sauce?”
Watson spotted the yellowed floral print rug in front of the storage rack at the other end of the room and shook his head. “Don’t try to change the subject.”
Once Ms Hawkins called a wrap, Watson slowly made his way to the infirmary to get supplies to clean and bandage Holmes’s stitches. He was not expecting to find Small going through the pharmacy.
John took his hands off the counter. “Look, I’m sorry if I gave you the wrong impression yesterday, but I’m not for hire.”
The group smiled and posed, well, everyone except Morgan, face half hidden behind his sunglasses, while the cameras flashed. When Stamford waved, it signalled they were ready to start. Once everyone was seated, Lestrade went to wait by the door next to Ms Hooper who had her arms crossed to prevent from biting her nails.
Jones pursed his lips, looked from Holmes to Rogers and nodded. Rogers took note of Holmes’s comment in the report.
“Well, as you insisted, you are my partner for this case. Might as well, how does the phrase go? ‘Cover each other’s backs’?”
Sherlock smoothed his suit jacket without breaking eye contact, “I’d say there’s an Elephant in the room.” And winked.
“They’re torture.” Holmes moaned. “As much as I am intrigued by this case, and am somewhat looking forward to some aspects of the undercover work; the more I discover what being an actor entails, the more I despise it.”
He had never taken the time to analyse pain like this. Most of his experiences with pain were a hindrance, something that slowed him down, making him curse his transport.
“We should follow Moran.” Holmes cut in as he grabbed another pair of trousers and laid them on the back of a chair.
John braced himself for what was likely to become a more emotionally straining conversation than he had expected. He was starting to understand why Sherlock would have blown a fuse with this particular artifact. After having spent the day playing hide and seek with the GPS, John pictured doing this for 6 months. Being the adrenaline junkie that he was, John knew he would have given up way before Sherlock, or he would have gone mad.
“John, you shouldn’t make your choice to work here based on vengeance.” Mycroft remarked patiently, but John was having none of it.
Ms Adler cut in. “Now, now, gentlemen,” she said, “We’re here for a nice relaxing dinner. You two can talk shop another time.”
I can't believe it's over. I've been working on this for a year non stop (I say that, but the three new WIP that appeared while writting this beg to differ) and to suddenly have it come to an end is, well, a relief, but I'm not quite sure what to do with all this free time.
Sherlock stretched over the counter to grab a pencil. “Fine, you’re the genre expert, where do you think he is?”
“You shouldn’t blame yourself for what happened in Taiwan.” Watson’s eyes shot up. He sat forward in his seat.
Even though he had only invited Stamford, Holmes was not surprised to open the door and find him accompanied by Lestrade, Watson and Ms Hooper.
John released Sherlock’s cock with a pop, resting his forehead on Sherlock’s thigh as he caught his breath.
“It doesn’t matter; we have to neutralize this, whatever it is. We need to get out of here before security comes.” The soldier said as he put Sherlock’s arm around his shoulders and helped him walk towards the crowded alley.
“I’m sorry, dear. But, you know, artifacts are... well, you know how they are. Maybe Sherlock couldn’t catch it because he was alone. With you there, you never know...” She said with an encouraging smile.
Molly’s last resolve crumbled when John’s scent filled her nose, making her sway on the spot. Her hand was trembling as she raised it, her heartbeat loud in her ears, her breathing erratic as she saw her fingers brush against the skin of John’s arm. She wondered if this is what people meant by being drunk with arousal. Her fingers brushed soft golden skin, up to John’s neck, then back down again. Molly watched John, her head thrown back, eyes closed, mouth open as she panted for her next breath. How her head lolled to the side, how she bit her lip after a full body spasm that started from her hips, arched her back, rolling through her shoulders, pulsing in the muscle of her arms, her hand tightening in Sherlock’s dark curls, the other tugging harder at her nipple.
An electrical arc spread from the Jade Elephant to the shelves on their left, making the top one break off its hinges. John grabbed Sherlock’s arm to move them out of the way, nearly missing a fluffy teddy bear with a burned off arm heading directly towards them.
John’s eyes went over the numbers. “February… We were in Dublin. Then May with the— and last week?” John turned to Sherlock. “These all match with dates we had to call in temps.”
Sherlock touched his forehead and stared at the blood smeared on his hand. How had did he not noticed? Definitely a concussion.
It all made sense now; they were just too caught up in the story. John felt something shift in the way he felt about his partner, and judging by Sherlock’s reaction on the bridge, he must have also been affected, all because this universe was created out of grief for a loved one. Which also meant the effects will most likely fade with time.
They stared at each other, both biting the inside of their cheeks to stop from saying anything else that could make things worse. But as shit as this situation was, John had to admit this was the most cooperation they had had since... well, their first case.
“Wait! Is that what you do when we’re on a case? You change the plan and tell me without bothering to check if I’m there to listen?” He shouted.
“Then how? Tell me how someone could have interacted with the GPS?” Sherlock insisted, agitated. John was surprised to see him get into such a state because of an artifact. What was so bad about it? Was it the downside?
Three murders, and they all had one thing in common: all the victims had visited this shop within 36 hours of being found bound and strangled.
“Touchy.” Sherlock tusked, ignoring the blood steadily running down his arm and attacked, trying his best to get him close to an emergency station.
They moved on to Edward’s shots. He was to walk along the sidewalk across the street, looking at Jane work and turn away and go buy a newspaper. They would edit in Jane looking sad and spotting Edward through the window as he bought a paper, smiling to the newspaper vendor.
“I’d say that would be best, yes.” She moved aside to let them in and made sure nobody had seen them before closing the door.
As instructed by Stamford, they posed in front of the car for pictures, smiling, and waving at the crowd. Then they headed to the journalists, so the rest of the cars filled with the cast and crew could arrive.
“I can’t blow my cover, you have to interrogate him,” was all Holmes had time to say before Small looked over his shoulder, saw them following him and started running towards the emergency exit.
Ms Adler, who had not taken his eyes off Holmes since he had started dancing, leaned in to whisper into Morgan’s ear. His eyebrows rose as she spoke, then leaned back to look at her in the eye. She chuckled and waited.
There were two doors on the first floor, one leading into the kitchen and the other one leading to the living room that John could swear looked exactly like the office at the warehouse, only smaller, and without the three sided desk and computer system. The same couch, the same chairs in front of a fireplace. As John walked in to inspect, putting the cage on the floor he saw a kitchen on the left. Well, at least that was different. But the chemistry set covering the table was the same, although it looked like a different experiment.
He looked so different as Edward, it was odd seeing him in full costume as he walked along the sidewalk to get into character.
Research information popped up through the fog of arousal, but Sherlock brushed it away. He didn’t need to think about it.
“I said stop here.” He snapped at Lestrade. “I need to think, and your incessant yapping is distracting me.”
“But honestly, I have the easy job here,” Watson continued. “Stamford managed to get Ms Irene Adler, who is such a professional and a joy to work with, and Holmes, whom I admit I had my doubts about in the beginning, as in calling Stamford a madman, but he has proven to be not only a perfect fit for the part, but destined for great things. They are great together. So much so that I’m almost useless. I just have to say action and cut.” Watson let them laugh before adding. “But seriously, tragedy and drug cartels aside, we are all proud of this movie and can’t wait to share it with you all. I hope you’ll all come and see The Dancing Bachelor, the movie that survived the Hudson Cartel.”
“... Waited too long.” He muttered. John beamed at Sherlock’s defeated look hidden behind his pride and frustration. The soldier let the silence linger on just a bit longer with a satisfied smile on his face before getting back to the matter at hand.
Dropping his bag next to the door, he walked directly to the kitchen without turning on the lights, pressing play on his answering machine as he walked past it to listen to his messages as he looked sceptically into the contents of the refrigerator.
Sherlock and John come out of the kitchen and look around. On the left is the exit, on the right is the dining room. John looks left and Sherlock looks right. John starts moving towards the exit, Sherlock grabs his arms and drags him in the other direction.
“Oh! Do the Queen’s dog one!” Holmes suggested and when his eyes met Watson’s they doubled over laughing.
"Take out a bag and keep it open for me.” The man said. Still keeping an eye on the exit route, Watson took out a bag and held it open as he watched him struggle to put on the heavy medical grade glove over both his hands and take the glass jar. How the hell could that be a possible threat to mankind? And how does it keep spinning like that?
“Great, so, unless anyone has something to add, that will be all.” She paused and looked around the table. “Thank you everyone, see you tomorrow.”
don’t, which is why I find ‘The Face’ so annoying.” John crossed his arms. Yes, he was used to working with a walking-talking ego but just because he doesn’t know the differences between 140 different types of ash doesn’t mean he’s an idiot. Sherlock’s compassion or lack thereof was feeding the nagging thought in the back of his mind that their relationship had reached its peak. John looked in the passenger window and caught sight of Sherlock’s reflection. As angry as he was, it didn’t stop the fact that the smug bastard was looking clever and particularly handsome. It added a new layer to his emotional maelstrom, making his attempt to focus on the case pointless.
Sherlock was chasing a serial killer and he was thrilled about it. It was exactly what he needed after months of dull thefts and badly executed frauds. Even cold cases couldn’t keep him busy. He was driving himself up the wall. Cocaine had been becoming an appealing option when Lestrade called him about this case.
“Here we are.” Sherlock said as he stopped the cart in the middle of an aisle. “So as I was saying, we find the unexplained and tuck it safely away here.” Sherlock concluded as he approached a rolling set of stairs to put away the glass jar on the second to highest shelf.
John arrived by cab at six o’clock sharp. Impressive considering London traffic. Sherlock’s heart pounded in his ears as he watched him step out, carrying what looked like a heavy duffle bag.
“Then why not combine our forces? I assure you good sir, that no matter the price you were promised, I will match it.”
It certainly wasn’t helping that Sherlock was looking like a damn movie star at the moment. A brooding one certainly, but breathtaking nonetheless. It’s not like John wasn’t going to notice, they were stuck in a car together and hadn’t said a word to each other for almost an hour. Besides staring out at Mrs. Carson’s house, they didn’t have much else to do besides throw subtle glances at one another every now and then.
The hard look in John’s eyes softened. It was the truth. In every sense of the word. Sherlock never could have imagined meeting anyone like John, in any circumstances.
The crowd parted, freeing a passage for Holmes, patting him on the back as he went by. Once he was on stage he shook his head at Stamford, who was smiling merrily.
Rather than answering the question, calling Sherlock a freak, or worse, John tilted his head and smiled. Not a wide smile, and certainly not a happy one.
Holmes looked down at Stamford. “Because you don’t have a choice, what with the pending bankruptcy.”
Holmes chuckled and wiped his mouth with his serviette before slipping out of the booth. “Would you do me the honour of dancing with me?” He offered her his hand hopefully.
Before Watson could finish his sentence, the office door opened to reveal Stamford, who was surprised to find Holmes blocking his way.
Sherlock held John’s stare while he unbuttoned his shirt. As he reached the bottom, he untucked it from his trousers, aware of how much attention he drew to his cock. With a brush of his hands, the shirt slid off Sherlock’s shoulders, the fabric bunching in the crook of his elbows.
“Excellent. Kindred spirits.” Barnabas exclaimed, his joyful tone an attempt to make up for trying to kidnap them. “You’re correct; I hired Mr. Carson to find the elephant. But alas, once he found it he decided to retain ownership.”
Once outside, Small hesitated too long before deciding which way to go. He barely made it fifteen feet before Holmes tackled him, grabbing hold of his legs. With a shout, Small landed hard on the pavement, wrestling against Holmes before Watson arrived and restrained his arms.
“I don’t care what happened, it’ll help, I swear. Now go on, shoo.” She finished, swatting him away.
However, once home, after three failed attempts to focus on his experiment, Sherlock put away the remaining ears in the fridge with the rest of his goody bag and dedicated himself to estimating how long it would take for John to text him after work.
Morgan was standing centre stage, his white silk scarf contrasting with his black turtle neck, half his face hidden behind his sunglasses. The look was so dramatic that Watson snorted derisively at the sight of him. It was loud enough for Holmes to hear, making him look over his shoulder. Their eyes met, and Holmes smirked before schooling his features.
John let his partner huff in frustration and started looking around the office, taking the opportunity to finally explore a bit. But his mind kept drifting. Besides the fact his stories would annoy Sherlock, basing on their adventures wasn’t a bad idea. In fact, as he mentally went through their cases, ideas popped into his head of how he could adapt them just enough to hide the existence of The Warehouse. Then again, what would be the point if he couldn’t publish them?
aware of John. He was holding Sherlock’s shoulders and looking at him with a concerned frown. His hands were so warm, his hold strong but gentle. His mouth was moving.
Lestrade told the story as if they were sitting at a pub listening to the match on the radio. “We were doing a drug bust at an opium den. He was there investigating a smuggling ring.”
“Oh, don’t give me that crap. Whether or not what happened was my fault, I’m not going to stand around and let a psychopath go around blowing up civilians. No. Either I do it on my own, or I do it as a Warehouse agent.”
Time seem to slow down as Holmes’s attention focused solely on looking down the barrel. He somehow would have expected himself to feel a bit more out of sorts about the situation, but Holmes felt himself calm, accepting. The last two weeks had been a thrill and he was ready to accept this as the end, even if it felt more like a beginning.
“Whatever. Here.” John said as Sherlock placed the clock on the counter and took out a pocket magnifying glass to inspect it.
“Sherlock, what’s going to happen?” John asked calmly, but Sherlock could hear the worried undertones. He stopped typing and turned to look at John.
She immediately took out her bullhorn. “That’s a wrap for today, thank you everyone, we’ll resume tomorrow at eight am for the dress rehearsal of the finale.”
Holmes wasn’t sure how to react when a short blond woman walked out of darkness. She stopped close enough for Holmes to see her without stepping inside the cone of light. She was entirely dressed in black, and probably armed, it was too dark to tell. But she rather seemed…disappointing.
“We’re detectives, which means we’ve got guns.” John said as he turned to show the guns and holsters he held in his hands.
Somehow, seeing Sherlock in shades of grey made him look even more mysterious and dangerous, causing John’s throat to only function with difficulty. His skin literally looked like porcelain, contrasting with his black hair and giving his pale eyes an eerie yet mesmerizing effect.
Stamford continued. “He was an awful actor, but he knew how to charm his way up the ladder, which is fifty percent of the work if you want to get anywhere in this own. Anderson certainly met his match with Ms. Adler.”
Holmes was about to answer when there was another knock on the door. They frowned at one another, but before they could do anything, the door opened and in walked Morgan.
Watson nodded. He understood what Lestrade meant, but listening to this story and watching the man smell and lick the ramp just brought up more questions.
Ms Hawkins burst out laughing, slapping her leg a few times before she noticed Holmes staring at her with a curious look. Her laughing died down and transformed into a worried look that was trying to pass for neutral.
“Perhaps, but it doesn’t change the fact that the story is boring, predictable and a waste of our time.” Sherlock mumbled to himself and walked the last few strides to Carson’s office door.
“Listen, I have been an agent for 10 years, I know what I’m doing. Now you either do as I say, or you can leave.” Sherlock said as he stared at his partner, silently daring him to give up. John held his gaze. He knew what Sherlock was playing at and decided to employ a different tactic.
Sherlock wanted to respond, he was planning to, but John turned to him then, and he had this whisper of a smile on his lips as he raised an eyebrow. The room where he had locked away every distracting memory and fantasy about John burst open then. They flashed one after the other, mixing together memories of saying “Yes”, the whistling sound of the riding crop, the pain of the wood paddle, the look in John’s eye when he left that first day. Whatever he had planned to say did not make it further than an inhale of breath.
John chuckled before he could stop it, causing Sherlock to hop off the table, almost making John stumble to get out of the way.
John groaned at the question, rubbing his face with his hand. “Four hours the first time. Ninety minutes the second. Good timing on the second; found it just before they announced the shops were closing. I just hope it’s still going to be there tomorrow.”
“I save your life and this is how you repay me? You’re a doctor, you should have a minimal amount of brain function to understand that when someone saves your life they aren’t a threat.” Tall and dark said, insulted. Watson couldn’t believe what he was dealing with. As if he would just let him do whatever the hell he was about to do. It was clear he was using the explosion as a distraction to take care of a personal agenda.
Kicking the pieces away, John knelt next to Sherlock, his hands moving to inspect the sabre still embedded in his abdomen. He carefully pulled back the torn up clothes and at the sight of the wound he blanched.
Watson raked his fingers through his hair, gripped it with both hands behind his head and pulled in frustration, letting an audible growl of anger escape him.
“Yes. I do what needs to be done.” He justified as he took the violin out of its case and dropped it into the goo, holding up his arm to protect his face from the sparks.
A shiver went down Sherlock’s spine at the memory. The pain had been so intense, but the calm that overtook him had been such a rush. Would he be able to recreate the effect himself? Hm. If John wasn’t there it didn’t seem so… enticing.
Wiggins had spent many long hours in rehearsal with Anderson. The man could learn a song in an hour, could remember his lines in two read-throughs and remember them for years (he bragged about it constantly). But when it came to choreography, it was a disaster. It took weeks to get him to learn the routines, and even longer to make him look good doing them.
Holmes pushed his shirt into his trousers before buttoning them. “Were you planning on finishing that sentence?”
When he turned back, Sherlock recognized the look in his eye. It was similar to the day John had stormed into rehearsal demanding an explanation for the script notes, but this wasn’t irritation, this was… seething anger. It was fascinating to watch him struggle back into his composed self.
Being offered to test various spanking tools was definitely on the odd side of the spectrum of things that had happened to Sherlock during an investigation.
He had seen sparks before; they ranged from a static shock along a shelf to blue electrical charges the size of dodge balls flying around freely. They sometimes caused a bit of trouble but nothing that ever seemed to worry Sherlock.
“Is gravity absurd? Magnetism? They’re mysterious forces, but we can’t explain them. Can you even explain how a radio works? No, you don’t care, a long as it works. But put that same radio in Jefferson’s hands and what would he do? He would just lock it up until he figures out that it’s not going to kill him.”
“Oh.” Holmes nodded. “Right, well, I guess it would have been nice to meet you yesterday when I smashed my face on the floor. No need to worry, Watson took care of it.”
It eventually became clear that Holmes would not stop reading until the end. It didn’t matter. Watson was too hungry to chat anyway.
They ate in silence for a bit, and even though he noticed the other night, it still struck Sherlock how comfortable he was. How they could just sit together in silence, enjoying each other’s company. He’d never enjoyed company. Most people were so… boring, predictable, and generally annoying. But not John. Certainly not John.
A red LED lit up on the top left of the device before speaking in a broken computer generated voice. “Voice command activated.”
Sometimes John wondered if getting him mad really was Sherlock’s goal. Like getting beat up just for the kick of it. Pushing down his anger, John answered with a calm voice. “Alright, then who’s holding the line?”
The words sent shivers down Watson’s spine, making his back arch against Holmes, pressing his arse harder against his cock.
The evidence of what had happened, the bedspread lying rumpled on the floor, was suddenly too much to deal with. Without thinking about it twice, Watson dressed, grabbed his coat and left as quickly as he could manage.
“Good lad, thank you, thank you! You have no idea, I…” Stamford pulled back, brushed off Holmes’s suit jacket. “Thank you.”
Watson turned to the sound stage as Ms Adler handed back the bullhorn and waved him over with her gloved hand. Morgan looked amused, while Holmes seemed to be fighting a sulk.
“Thank you.” John stood at the bottom of the stairs and looked up as the door to Mrs. Hudson’s flat closed behind her. What the hell was happening to him? His squeaking ferret brought him out of his thoughts so John put it in his cage and walked up the two flights of stairs to his new home.
Holmes rolled his eyes. Watson chuckled at the déjà vu. It was the conversation at the police station all over again. They’d surprised a lot of people with this story.
“Fine.” John looked down at the GPS centered on table. “I don’t know. I can’t test it for anything and I don’t know what you want me to say.”
Amy smiles and turns back towards Sherlock and John. Her smile disappears when they are nowhere to be seen.
He spoke with the woman behind the counter first. She was one of the owners, and obviously not a suspect given her arthritis. While he listened to her talk about the history of the shop, Sherlock managed to spot the shift schedule behind the counter. The shop had at least six employees.
Lestrade nods towards Jake and Amy who both look like they want to hide in a hole after Sherlock’s deduction.
Ms Adler took on her mark downstage left, as Dimmock started playing the opening notes. When Holmes stepped in and started singing Watson had to cover his mouth with his hand. It was surreal, hearing Holmes’s beautiful voice sing those words, words that would forever be immortalized in the movie.
He put down the plate and took the glass of water. Sherlock raised his hand to take the glass, but John guided it to his lips. Out of instinct, Sherlock turned away. He closed his eyes tightly as he struggled. With a single finger on the side of his jaw, John turned Sherlock’s head forward.
“Come on,” Holmes said as he straightened, his hair combed back with waves that made him look so elegant Watson’s breath caught. “Let’s go find Moran, I can give you a few pointers on tailing without being seen.”
“In a way. But didn’t our time playing director and actor give you a taste of what we could accomplish together?”
She leaned in close. “Call this a favour you’ll thank me for later.” She paused, letting the implication of her statement sink in before adding, “Follow Moran.”
Jones paused, finding the question curious. “I’m pretty sure that’s the sentence that’s waiting for him in court.”
The Armor jabbed and lost balance as Sherlock’s footwork placed him behind his opponent, kicking it from behind and knocking it forward. Hoping to give it one last good hit before John blasted it with neutraliser, the agent grabbed the handle with both hands and raised the blade over his head.
Sherlock couldn’t help it. He knew this experience would have its challenges, that it would push his boundaries, at least that’s what all the websites said. John’s use of force was so sudden that everything in Sherlock screamed to get himself free, to fight John. But that was the point, wasn’t it? To push through the flight or fight response?
“No, it’s fine, I forget these stories are bit gruesome to most people. War sort of leaves you a twisted sense of humour.” Watson took a bite of his pasta and continued his story. “Before we knew it two hours had passed. That’s when he told me that before he got drafted, he had been studying literature. He told me I should write, that I was a natural storyteller. So that’s what I did when I got discharged. Months without a job and about to run out of my army pension, I started to send my works to editors, but never got a call back. I went to see them, asked for some advice. They told me my stuff was good, but it wasn’t marketable.”
The suspect walks away. John’s keeps an eye on the suspect as he takes out the wallet and takes a picture of his drivers licence. John throws the wallet a few feet ahead of him.
Sherlock stopped the water before it boiled, poured it over the teabag, and added a splash of milk. He was setting down John’s tea next to the red armchair when the bathroom door opened. Sherlock turned to the sound of heavy footsteps, ready to tell John he had made a mistake, that the evening was over.
She felt rather than saw Sherlock spin around and walk away, heard the swish of her beloved coat as the door closed behind her.
He heard John’s voice before he saw him. He was serving another customer. They were in front of the rope display discussing options. Sherlock listened closely, curious to see how he interacted with other patrons. His blog post had implied that the encounter with Sherlock was an anomaly, but was that true?
Sherlock obeyed, hissing as the change of position made him realise how neglected and uncomfortable his cock was. John’s fingers dragged along the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers. He smirked as he popped the latch and pulled down the zipper. Sherlock gasped. He was so sensitive it hurt, but it was such a relief when John pulled down his trousers. Maintaining eye contact, John pulled the elastic of Sherlock’s pants up and over his cock, then down to join the trousers around his knees.
Ms Adler chuckled. “I managed. Listen, our job is to do as he says, and do it as best we can.” Her eyes softened at Holmes’s distraught face. She leaned in and whispered. “Honestly, I just do whatever I want.”
He chuckled, silently put down his things and grabbed a copy. It wasn’t long until he sat down to read, engrossed. A few minutes later, Ms Hooper walked in with coffee. Stamford quickly signalled towards the couch. She smiled fondly, and tiptoed over to hand Stamford his mug and nodded to the scripts.
Watson could feel his heart beating hard against his chest, hard enough to wonder if Ms Adler could hear it as well.
The truth was he didn’t really mind the experiments and explosions and the chaos of it all. He just wished they could be friends.
Mouth parted, John turned her head and opened her eyes, pupils’ slowly came into focus, half hidden behind her lids. She didn’t seem alarmed or disturbed by Molly’s touch, rather she leaned into it, silently pleading her for more.
Lestrade, Sherlock, and John come out of the elevator. Everyone in the bullpen starts whistling and catcalling them.
“I wasn’t meditating, I was thinking. And excuse me for wanting to inspect it before neutralizing.” He said, his tone reproachful.
“Anthony Bishop. I can’t believe it, I am such a big fan. I always wanted to go to one of your signings but-”
Watson rolled his eyes at the dramatic effect but had to admit his timing was perfect. Everyone at the table gasped, well, everyone except those involved in the investigation.
“Yes, my dear girl.” The man answered with a joyful voice, his attention currently occupied by the lovely woman by his side. As he turned, his smile faded away as his eyes fell upon the two strangers. “What is the meaning of this?” He barked at his staff.
Watson looked around. As far as he could tell, no one was behaving suspiciously. Not really. Well, Small always looked a little off, but that hardly had anything to do with the work. The man was just… odd.
Stamford looked surprised by the question. “The morning I dropped you off, after we spent the night at the police department. Don’t you remember?”
“Besides the stabbing?” The soldier retorted sarcastically which got him the same look he had given Sherlock. With a pleased smirk, John answered. “No. But I think it’s getting louder.” The song he was hearing changed and the volume had increased. He held his head with his free hand.
So I'd like to point out this story now has 15 chapters. Because apparently it would be a good idea to have a dedicated chapter to the Premiere, which I was conviniently trying to glaze over. You can all thank May-shepard for that.
“You knew what you were signing up for.” He knew he should try and do something about John’s anger but Sherlock wasn’t going to just stand there and listen to his partner badmouth him.
been tampered with and no way of confirming it, no way of catching it and yet, here they were; trying to catch the uncatchable. Endless wonder my arse, John thought, more like endless nuisance.
John frowned at the tall man for his lack of tact, which didn’t seem to affect Bishop as he looked into Lily’s eyes. “One more second with her is a happier ending than a lifetime without her.”
“I don’t mind doing the books. I’m paid to write, I decide my own hours, and working with Stamford is nice, even if he is a bit dramatic sometimes. It’s a great gig really.”
The man stopped, turned around and aimed the elephant, shooting electricity and nearly hitting the agent. Moving back to look out the window, all Sherlock could see was a dark figure disappearing in a foggy alley.
Watson whispered harshly. “Holmes, there is someone in the building, Moran is coming any minute, and we left the fence unlocked. We need to go. Now.”
Holmes stared at her blankly and shrugged. “Sorry, doesn’t ring a bell. I’m not sure how I would be looking for you if I don’t know you.”
“I followed a suspect and protected him from the guards so I had a suspect to bring back. I got the artefact to bring back as well. That and he said he wouldn’t leave without it, so given the situation it was faster to take it and get out.” And it had taken him barely two minutes with his hands tied, the brilliant bastard. He inwardly cringed when he realised it was the second time he’d complemented him. “Then I used him to get us out quickly so we wouldn’t miss the helicopter.”
Her body pulsed and curled under strong waves of pleasure. Sherlock was having trouble breathing, her back was killing her, John’s grip on her hair was too tight, and yet she would not stop even if Mrs. Hudson came in. She had never seen John in such a state of abandon, it was breathtaking, she wouldn’t dare cut it short.
A long string of incoherent words spilled out of her as John demonstrated a side of her that only a select few had been privy too. Sherlock tried to remember how many partners she had deduced, until she realised she should be focusing on what John was doing to her
Barnabas’s eyes widened in fear as he looked up from his henchmen covered floor to the intruders and attempted to squeeze out of the booth. “How- how dare you walk into my club unannounced and threaten me-”
“Here you are.” The woman handed them a piece of paper with an address and a name. Sherlock grabbed and scanned the paper quickly and immediately took out his phone. John fought the urge to elbow him in the ribs and smiled at Mrs. Turner.
John rubbed Sherlock’s back as he listened to John’s heartbeat and laboured breaths. It took Sherlock a moment to notice John was now trying to take off his clothes. Sherlock reluctantly unwrapped his arms and helped John pull off his shirt.
Molly’s purchases were waiting for her at the cash register. A pale blue corset with white embroidered flowers and matching garter belt. It was beautiful and suited Molly perfectly.
“Boys?” Mrs. Hudson came around the corner at the end of the row and saw them both sitting there, covered in purple goo and started laughing uncontrollably. John saw her covering her mouth with her hand, the sound of her laughter spilling through it. He turned to look at Sherlock, who had sat up and still had goo dripping off his nose. John started to laugh as well. With a huff, Sherlock tried to stand up, almost slipping on the goo covered floor several times. He lightly dusted off his suit before taking the violin and heading off to the quarantine zone. His eyes shot daggers at Mrs. Hudson who was still giggling as he walked past her, head held high. Smiling because of his landlady’s infectious laugh, John stood and tried to clean himself, but the goo was rather persistent.
“Morning Stamford, Morgan wants to know if-” She cut herself off, noticing the scripts on the desk. “The studio could get a bit of a clean before afternoon rehearsals?”
Almost a full minute after John had spoken, Sherlock answered, his tone devoid of emotion. “I’ll concede it.”
Holmes paused when he stepped inside the room and looked around. “It’s probably useless but might as well take a look.”
“Fuck.” The syllable caught thickly in John’s throat, gasping for air, her nails digging deeper into Sherlock’s back. “Do that again.”
, the difference is blatant.” John gave him a look that was a clear warning to choose his next words with care. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Are you feeling ill?” He asked with false sincerity.
“I warned Lestrade as soon as I understood what I had found,” John continued. “He stayed above ground to wait for the police. I managed to find you by following the voices. I got there while Moriarty was doing his monologue. That bloody snake. A part of me wasn’t really surprised he’s some sort of criminal.”
“I wanted to return this to you.” Holmes revealed Watson’s cane that he had been keeping hidden behind his back.
“Like you?” Holmes said, eyebrows innocently high, but he knew Ms Adler could tell he was being charming.
“I’ve been better. Bit hot.” He answered as he tugged at his shirt collar. John pressed the back of his hand against his forehead.
Ms Riley stared at Ms Hawkins wide eyed. “Fine.” She turned to Holmes, her eyes shooting bullets at him.
As John ran to the sphere, the air became dense with tangential energy. It felt like running through waves of emotions, making him breathless as he rapidly empathised with each one. They became stronger as he neared the source, yet none of it slowed him down.
“She needs money; which character have we met that keeps throwing money around? How is this not obvious to you when it’s most likely how all of Bishops stories go?”
Lestrade continued telling the story, not noticing Watson’s agape state. “We caught the guy two days later thanks to him. He helped save hundreds of lives. Listen, I know he isn’t… But in all honesty, I have never regretted working a case with him. I do, however, constantly resist the urge to punch him.”
“Thanks, even if it is only for one case.” John said, smiling. They both laughed when they heard the unconscious man moan. “The music is a bit odd though.” John remarked as he helped the man up so they could take him back to the shop and get the paperwork they needed.
“It summons glowing, concussive balls of violent energy that is comparable to a canon ball. Hitting a G sharp on the violin could cause an entire town to erupt in a wave of violence.” John was about to ask if he was serious, but it just felt like déjà view.
Holmes held his stare, and tilted his head slightly. Stamford slapped his hand on Holmes’s back, making them break eye contact.
Holmes stood there long enough to make the crew think he had just been shot down, or led on, or whatever they would think of to explain their scenario, it didn’t matter. Holmes raised his chin, smoothed his suit, and slipped into his own dressing room.
John and Sherlock are standing on either side of the entrance. Sherlock is smirking smugly. John rolls his eyes.
walked in Beethoven’s shoes on your first day.” John’s eyebrows shot up at the mitigated description of yesterday’s events but chose not to argue. “How do you like being an agent so far?” Mycroft added.
“Sherlock.” John knew they didn’t have time for the long explanation, but he needed to at least understand what the hell they were about to do.
“As you can see, I’ve already crossed off a few people from the suspect list, namely everyone in this room.”
The lights were still on in the office area as they silently made their way back to the fence and found it locked from the outside.
set him up to trip himself! Murderer. Mmmurderer.” Holmes repeated, taking the syllables and playing with them, finding himself fascinated with the movement of his mouth from one syllable to the other.
“Right.” John cleared his throat loudly as he adjusted himself in his seat. He didn’t see how using artifacts... that way... would deserve the threat of a bronze cage and didn’t think asking Sherlock was the best of ideas. “Right. You were saying?”
John’s imitation was spot on. Sherlock hadn’t laughed this much in years. It had been so painful for him to deal with Morgan, Moriarty’s director persona, and not be able to say anything. If Ms Adler hadn’t been there with him, he would have disappeared after the first day of principal photography.
Still wet from his shower, he walked into to the kitchen. His forehead rested against the cupboard door, his wet hair sticking to it, as he waited for the kettle to boil, dressed in a jumper and jeans that hung loosely off his hips. The cold tiles of the kitchen floor beneath his bare feet helped him concentrate on something other than his dulling headache.
Sherlock continued kissing his way down John’s stomach, letting his lips trail down his skin. Sherlock did everything he could to convey his reverence, the joy and privilege he felt from being able to be with John. He was so focused on the feel of John’s skin that Sherlock was surprised to feel something hard hit under his chin. John’s dick twitched, making it brush up and press against Sherlock’s neck. John’s eagerness was encouraging, and Sherlock found himself rubbing his cheek against John’s cock. The skin was so soft, such a delicate layer over the hard mass that adorned an exceptional specimen.
“Go to the Warehouse.” Sherlock said in a deep tone as he crouched down as close to the GPS as he could. “All we need to figure out is how to activate voice command.”
“And if there was a way, I would have thought of it already. We might as well get on with it.” Sherlock said as he stood up. “Come along John. Stay close; don’t want you to get lost down there.” He added as he walked out of the office, not even looking back to see if Watson was following him. “The first Warehouse 13 was built in 1898. It burned down. We didn’t have a knack for how to store artefacts back then. So they built another one. And another one. Remodeling and excavation was necessary as the years went on, to accommodate the arrival of more and more artefacts.” He explained as Watson hurried to follow him. They walked down the stairs to the warehouse level. Rows and rows of 16 foot high racks overflowed with every possible object imaginable. John’s frustration was distracted by his curiosity.
The lust in John’s eyes faded into something different, as if he couldn’t quite believe what he was seeing. Sherlock laid the shirt over his jacket. Shoes and socks followed. When his hands reached for the clasp of his trousers, Sherlock hesitated. He didn’t understand. Why was standing naked in the middle of his sitting room making him feel so vulnerable?
So why were they in a boring museum in a remote part of town when they said they were tailing a criminal? Because they lied. There is no criminal.
“This is their third time doing it. They’ve gotten really good at it.” Watson smiled as he watched the crew move like an ant farm. “But you did spend a lot of time fixing your hair.”
Watson’s eyebrows rose high, and he fought against the rising blush from the onslaught of memories, reminding him just how good it had been. Unwilling to look at Stamford’s confused face any longer, Watson closed his eyes and rubbed his face with his hands. Thankfully, Lestrade arrived, announcing himself with a knock on the door.
Ms Hawkins took a deep breath. “The job of an actor is to portray a character in a way that makes him believable for the audience. This helps them dive into the story for the duration of the movie.”
“Of course there’s a file, there’s a file for every single artifact. Haven’t you filed out enough paperwork in six weeks?” The agent replied rapidly.
“It was your fault in Taiwan, and it’s going to be your fault here, when everything in this station blows up.” Manning told John as he approached Sherlock. The soldier was struggling to grasp what had happened to the man he had used to know, how it could be possible for him to be standing here, linked to an artifact rig of all things. But the gravity of what he was threatening to do made him put aside his questions and try and find a way to reduce the civilian casualties.
“So you can find it, but you can’t catch it.” The new agent summed up. “So someone doing something to it...”
“Seems we’ll be busy tonight,” Ms Adler said as her eyes came to a halt on their left. “I assume Stamford briefed you?”
“John!” Only John had his back turned and couldn’t hear him. Sherlock hurried to him and grabbed him arm. “He’s getting away!” He screamed to John while pointing towards where the man was fleeing. John nodded and they started running towards the stairs the man had run up.
Watson looked like he wanted to say something but instead he took out a pocket knife and started cutting the ties at Holmes’s ankles.
Sherlock pulled up a chair and sat a few feet away from John. “Just start from the beginning and go from there.”
When the cook steps in front of their table with Jake behind him. Sherlock stands and shoves the cook, sending both the cook and Jake to the floor. Sherlock runs off. John takes a few steps before turning back to look at the cook and Jake on the floor.
Watson frowned before he remembered how Morgan would waste so much time monologuing before each scene. “Right. Holmes? Questions?”
Watson grunted out of frustration, pulling his own hair, as if it could help him figure out… this, whatever this was.
“This is going to sound ridiculous, but he made a little girl cry.” Mrs. Hudson burst with laughter at John’s words.
John suddenly realised that the best way for Lilly to keep an eye on Carson would have been to seduce him. “When did he leave with her?”
“You always ignore my texts.” She said with a small pout, batting her eyelashes at Sherlock before her gaze morphed into a prowling animal as she looked from Sherlock to John. “And I wanted to meet your new partner.” Her innocent voice combined with the hungry look made his throat function with difficulty, causing him to swallow as he tried to breathe. He braced himself against the experiment filled as he coughed.
“Besides the long hours and repeating the same lines over and over again?” Holmes shrugged. “You’re the only one who cares.”
“You see why the truth isn’t always best.” The man answered with a smile and looked down at the teacup still held in mid air. Watson looked down and moved to put down his cup and saucer. As he sat back and looked at the man again, he still couldn’t believe it.
They were in the last three days of filming and starting to feel the pressure to finish. They had managed to stay on schedule, despite the occasional argument, but they still had a lot left to do.
It was a long drive from the studio to the Ace Hotel, and an even longer wait as the cars lined up along the street to be dropped off one after the other.
The teenager panics, hits Sherlock on the head and runs away. Sherlock falls to the ground unconscious.
John took a step back. Sherlock attempted to follow, finding himself pressed into the counter instead. He leaned over it, trying to keep his voice calm.
Sherlock waited until she heard the front door close before she jumped up off the couch and raced to the window to watch John walk away, shoulders hunched, head low.
Sherlock’s brain was stuck because John was angry at him. Which that alone was common, but that look right now? Something was different.
“Not hers, obviously. Organ donors. Molly works at the morgue. I bought her the clothes as a thank you for her help with the case. She insisted it was too much and gave me body parts in exchange. I bought more the next day as a bribe for later.”
“Are you suggesting that we shouldn’t try to save Stamford Productions as quickly as possible? Or are you just trying to make it last because this is the most fun you’ve had in years?”
The towboat motor just started. We don’t have a visual on Watson and Holmes, we’re inside the museum.
Sherlock’s mind stuttered to halt as he imagined being taken on the floor. It took John’s hands pushing his hips to process the request. His feet started to move, but Sherlock was making it difficult by refusing to stop kissing John during their transit. It resulted in Sherlock falling back on the bed when the back of his knees hit the mattress. It was worth the loss of contact for the sight of John crawling up his body.
“No.” Watson shook his head. “Holmes, Sherlock, I’m sorry I had to run off, but I…” Watson’s eyes dipped down to Holmes’s lips. “When I’m around you I,” he took a step closer and looked up into Holmes’s pale clever eyes. “I lose my train of thought. I had to go before I lost the song.”
Watson chuckled. “You can sing and act, and you’re a good detective,” He looked away, shifted his weight. “But your dancing…”
Holmes grew silent, and Watson regretted mentioning drugs altogether. He had no idea what he was stepping into with that subject and now wasn’t the right moment to broach it.
John’s smug look didn’t help Sherlock find the words, nor did it prevent a blush from spreading across his face.
“Yes.” He answered confidently. He didn’t like to admit it, but he really was ok. Even though the circumstances in which he had ended up as a Warehouse agent had been iffy, just thinking about telling Neeson where he was and what had happened was giving him the urge to laugh uncontrollably. No, he certainly wasn’t bored or going of his mind. The memories of last night, sitting on the floor after neutralizing the clock bust, the relief he had felt when he had heard Sherlock’s voice... Thinking about it now, Sherlock had seemed honestly worried when they had been about to neutralize the artifact. And he had hidden the incident from Mycroft, for, well, for as long as he could. The image of Sherlock leaning against the ramp, dishevelled and smiling flashed through John’s mind. Shaking his head, he leaned back on the bench. “Ok, I should go.”
“Thank you, Stamford.” Ms Hawkins stood and smiled brightly. “Hello everyone, very excited to be here. So, we have five days left to prepare for a reshoot of an entire movie in four weeks, not to mention the pending Finale rewrite that will require rehearsals. This means we need to prepare for a marathon, okay? And weekends will be on call. So get some sleep while you can.”
“John! John, come on, wake up John.” Sherlock said as he moved around him to perform CPR. He counted through clenched teeth the chest compressions. “Come on John. Wake up.” He breathed three times, pausing between each one.
“Edward is trying to apologize for the first two verses, it doesn’t make sense that they dance from the beginning.”
The sudden change of pace was a bit destabilising to Holmes. He had grown accustomed to the rhythm at the studio, and how the crew made sure to create this comfort zone for himself and Ms Adler during filming. But here, he felt like fresh bait dropped in a lion’s den. Everyone was watching or trying to get their attention, silently negotiating who would be the next to come and speak to them. It was a lot to manage at once, so much so that Holmes almost missed Ms Adler’s comment about the movie’s success. He put it aside to analyse later and focused on the conversation.
They were at the end of the first verse when Watson shook himself enough to pay attention to what was happening in front of him. Wiggins’s choreography was good, and Holmes and Adler were great and yet something felt amiss. Watson wondered if he was too blinded by the real meaning of the song or if there really was something off about the narrative of the scene.
They took Lestrade’s car with Watson as shotgun, and Holmes in the back, mumbling to himself. Lestrade slowed down when they turned onto the street, only the numbers on the houses were nowhere near the address they had. They reached the end of the street and decided to turn around to drive by the houses once more, try and see if there was anything that look out of place.
Watson suddenly felt Holmes’s thigh press into his and nearly jumped away in surprise. He thankfully managed to stay still, held back from turning to Holmes, and dearly hoped he wasn’t blushing.
“I get it,” Watson started. “I mean, there’s something about Morgan. We called him a comic book villain yesterday, but that’s not a motive.”
Stamford turned to Lestrade, who crossed his arms. “Sort of looked like you were mad at her, there.”
“Irene.” He cleared his throat. “I’m sorry about him. We, um, our last case didn’t exactly... go, as planned... please don’t leave because he’s being... well, himself.”
Watson kept his eyes on the floor. He couldn’t look at Stamford, not now. He had too much to think about and not enough sleep.
Sherlock gasped. Clearly that was meant for him. But what did it mean? That he didn’t find Sherlock boring? Okay, that was a good thing but, could it mean… more?
Sherlock hummed hungrily as she saw Molly, still not moving away from the delicate affair her tongue was having with John’s clitoris, shoulders moving in tandem as her fingers pumped in and out of John. John’s breaths were quick and ended in high complaintive notes, pleading her body to let her come.
Holmes smiled as he enjoyed the hallucinations on Watson. He was the only one who made it look like the light was coming from him, radiating outward. The closer he was, the more exquisite he became. “It’s beautiful.” Holmes added, his words breathless.
have urges and chose not to act upon them would make things harder for John. Or worse: the possibility that the attraction could be mutual but not acted upon. It would only be a matter of time before John lost control and pinned the madman against a wall to ravage him. John’s brain suddenly overflowed with multiple scenarios, all of them ending in heated sex.
“Shit! The alarm! Why didn’t you take care of that before?” John demanded loudly. He turned to see Sherlock get an odd looking cylinder out of his coat and connect it to the alarm system flashing on the wall next to the door. John approached him and he could see a row of numbers on the cylinder that started turning and switching. After a couple of seconds, the number sequence stopped and the lights turned green, silencing the alarm. John wanted to ask how the cylinder worked, but it wasn’t really the best time.
“Who does that?” Holmes looked around the room. “Who changes everything about themselves and their life for love?”
As he listened to Stamford, Holmes had found himself staring out the window. “Your story concords with Lestrade’s,”
The merchants were still setting up as they made their way towards the last known location of the GPS: the Elvis memorabilia booth.
“Don’t touch the bombs.” The man said as he tapped a code into the keypad. John’s eyebrows shot up as he stepped away from the glass compartment he was looking at. The steel door opened loudly to reveal a large room that looked like an office had been taken over by a living room. There was a large desk with a computer, several screens and other devices. He had absolutely no clue what they were or what they could be used for. Bookshelves covered every wall, a coffee table surrounded by three leather sitting chairs, a table with what seemed like a chemistry set. Every surface was covered with clutter; papers, half empty teacups, files, pictures, books, and several objects which, when he looked closer, seemed out of place. Like the ancient looking helmet in a glass case on the bookshelf. “After you, Captain Watson.” Said the man. The army doctor realised he had been standing in place for a moment now, staring at the room.
Watson briefly wondered how often Holmes must have done something similar to get himself out of a sticky situation like this one, when the back door of the building opened. A beautiful young woman in her mid-twenties stepped out, catching Holmes sitting on the top of the fence. She looked at them as she lit her cigarette, face half hidden by her light brown hair that waved down to her shoulders.
Sherlock’s eyes locked with John’s, silence heavy as he weighed his partner. The former soldier stood still, readying himself for the verbal onslaught. John could tell when his partner’s brain was done processing, his eyes narrowing as he took a breath.
Lestrade shakes Holt’s hand and leaves. Gina unabashedly checks him out as he does and makes a few moaning sounds, making everyone cringe.
“WARNING. Unusual artifact activity. WARNING. Unusual artifact activity.” Was that Mycroft’s voice? John wondered. “Emergency system activate.”
Without warning, Holmes grabbed Watson’s arm and twisted it behind his back, causing him to stand from his chair and follow Holmes’s lead to the sitting room between the bed and the desk.
“Nobody’s smoother than me.” Jones defended himself. Neeson simply laughed, or at least that’s what Watson guessed, since he couldn’t actually hear the laugh.
Ready for battle, John made his way back to the office, walking steadily along the rows back to the stairs. He wasn’t expecting to find a fuming Sherlock in his black leather chair staring at a woman seated in John’s chair. She, on the other hand, was smiling wickedly at the senior agent. They weren’t speaking when John arrived, but as soon as he stepped into the office, the woman’s gaze moved from Sherlock to the soldier, eying him from head to toe. Watson didn’t even notice Mycroft was in the room until he heard his voice.
The open door revealed a beautiful dark haired woman with curls falling perfectly around her pale grey face, her head crowned by a dark grey feathered hat, matching her satin dark grey dress, gloves and clutch bag.
Would John even be interested in helping? Of course he would, he was a doctor and a soldier. If nothing else those two facts screamed “I want to save people.”
“It's as if the universe had its own cruel way of telling us that Anderson wasn't meant to be part of the plan.”
John blinks and inhales like he had forgotten to breathe. He looks at Sherlock, opens his mouth, closes it, takes a step back, then walks up to Sherlock and whispers:
Sherlock gets out of the car. Amy and Jake watch Sherlock walk away, flipping up his collar, smoothing down the front of his coat before slipping his hands into his coat pockets.
Molly’s high voice, though soft, felt like it popped the invisible bubble surrounding them. And with it, the input all came back in a rush, like a bucket of cold water.
Watson nodded, but found that odd, given Holmes’s dancing ability. Watson headed over to the desk and leaned his cane against it. He opened the top right drawer and took out a pair of gloves. He put them on as he turned to Holmes, their eyes meeting for the first time today.
“Don’t take it personally; I wasn’t expecting you to figure it out.” Sherlock told him offhandedly and he stippled his hands against his chin.
“Yeah, you never did tell me what happened to your partners. Were you as much as a prick with them as you are with me?”
“Please don’t tell me this case will give you the urge to start writing your own detective stories.”
Thankfully, she didn’t let him finish his sentence. “I know. Trust me I know. You should have seen him with Anderson.”
“Clever,” Ms Hooper commented, reminding them all she was there. “That way she’s got you as a back-up without creating unnecessary risks for the plan.”
Bollocks. Most people didn’t deserve the courtesy. Most people were awful, pathetic, lying, manipulative, and greedy. They were the ones who needed self control, who needed to adhere to social conventions.
“Shouldn’t be long now.” He said before walking to the door and waiting for the buzz before opening it to leave.
Dimmock looked uncomfortable. “I agree the lyrics are a bit on the nose, but you’d have to talk to Stamford for any changes.”
Holmes giggled at that, and Watson thought it was the most wonderful thing he had ever heard. He couldn’t believe how this evening had unfolded, and it only reinforced how he felt, that he wanted to follow this man to the end of the earth and back, risking their lives solving cases. He knew it didn’t make sense, that it was just some daydream, but it meant a lot to Watson to get that feeling of usefulness he hadn’t felt in such a long time.
“As much as I appreciate you doing the effort of including me, I could do without the condescending tone.”
Watson looked at Holmes, irritated by his and Stamford’s recklessness with his health, but admired Holmes’s commitment to the movie.
The zipper was the simplest to deal with, and the first step, since the button would be easier to undo from under than above. Getting the pull tab between his teeth was a bit more difficult than anticipated, but well worth it to discover John was not wearing any pants. Which meant Sherlock could skip the button and get John’s cock out through the zipper opening.
“Right.” John answered as he took out the box and dropped it into the open bag Sherlock was holding; nothing happened. “Fuck.” John swore as he looked up at Sherlock who put aside the box and took out a jar containing the same purple goo as at the Warehouse and handed it to John.
The praise made Sherlock moan, the sound muffled by his full mouth. John kept a slow rhythm, his fingers returning to Sherlock’s mouth, slipping along his spit-covered chin.
“Holmes, that’s Frank Hudson’s wife. We’re in Frank Hudson’s place.” Watson said in a panicked whisper.
“Agent. Please. He’s a doctor and a soldier, I don’t know what the Warehouse is thinking.” John breathed slowly through his nose so he wouldn’t permanently imprint his badge into Sherlock’s face. He pocketed it, sniffing loudly as he stared at Sherlock. Mycroft smiled tightly before taking out the same phone model as the one he’d seen Sherlock use in Qatar.
Clearly, this story was different. Not for the obvious reason that it’s blank pages had killed the author, but because John could feel that it wasn’t like the other published ones. Maybe it was because it was unfinished. No, that wasn’t it. John couldn’t shake the feeling that it wasn’t as simple as that. It had something to do with what had caused Bishop’s writers block.
Sherlock stood there, jaw hanging as she watched John smirk and flip her hair. Not because she was shocked by John’s punishment, well, ok, there was a little of that, but by her own physical reaction to… was it the hair? Was a colour change that impactful on Sherlock’s perception of her friend?
“You’re telling me that Holmes went undercover as the lead actor to investigate Philip Anderson’s death, which the police had already declared was accidental.”
With one hand gripping the hair on the back of his head, she held Holmes in place while her other hand squeezed the muscles of his jaw, right at the back of his teeth. Holmes tried to knock off the paper star off her finger by blowing on it but it wouldn’t budge. Because of the sustained pressure, Holmes couldn’t fight it. The muscles cramped and relaxed, her strong grip forcing his mouth open with a cry. Ms Rosie quickly dropped the paper in and changed her hold on Holmes to close his mouth and keep it closed with a headlock. Holmes struggled but it was no use, he could already feel his heart rate increase. His fight or flight response started kicking in, making him start to breathe heavily and jerk against her hold. When Ms Rosie shushed him, Holmes heard the sound stretch and change to a lower pitch.
With a smirk Sherlock helped John to his feet, both of them silently regretting the loss of contact. John hid it by dusting himself off, not expecting his vision to black and stagger forward. Sherlock moved and caught John before he stumbled. He ended up completely pressed against his partner’s chest, Sherlock’s strong arms holding him up.
“Yes, I noticed. Everyone noticed,” Holmes warned as he took off his shoes. “You should work on that.”
“And that is precisely why we are having this meeting, because I…” Stamford took a deep breath. “I need your help. I-I have no options left. We lost Anderson, I’m stuck in a clause with Morgan that prevents me from imposing a new lead actor, and he refuses to work with anyone I can afford.” Stamford looked at his feet. He wasn’t expecting to find it so hard to say this without being able to tell them they were fighting for their own jobs. “I’m not… I’m not trying to manipulate you into saying yes out of pity, even though I admit I’m not far from being desperate enough to beg.” He looked around the table. “What I’m asking all of you is to help prep him to audition for Morgan. I know this all sounds mad, but I really believe in this kid. He’s a big risk, and one I’m willing to take. But I can’t do it without your help. Only by working together do we have a chance to pull this off.”
He headed to the pharmacy to inspect its contents. Watson hesitated a bit before moving to the desk and searching it for the second time today.
Holmes smiled nervously. “Good afternoon everyone.” He spoke with an American accent and clasped his hands. “Pleased to meet you all. I, um, well, the circumstances that led to me standing here are really, very terrible, so I understand if this is odd for any of you. I’m not trying to replace Mr Anderson, God rest his soul. I’m here to honour him, his legacy. Hopefully together, even with a tight schedule, we can make a movie in memory of him.”
“Watson.” Rogers said to get his attention. They stared at each other. Rogers was worried about the consequences for his teammate. He was even more worried when he saw Watson. They had gone through many things in their years together, but he had never seen that look on his face. Anger he recognized, but at that moment, he seemed lost. He really had no idea what had happened. But there was nothing he could do to help. Not until they got back.
Sherlock leaned in to kiss him once more, delighted to feel John cup his cheek and deepen the kiss. He had no idea how long they laid there together, but it was long enough for Sherlock to confirm that he would never tire of kissing John.
“I’m usually already gone before the set changes,” Holmes said offhandedly but looked very interested in the crew’s methods.
“She didn’t start it. The cowbell did. It causes the surrounding area to erupt in a violent firestorm when rung. Where the bell comes from is unclear, but it was knocked on the door of the bakery in London 1666, and rung again in Chicago 1879. We finally got our hands on it a couple of years ago in North Dakota after the pawn shop it was sold to exploded. We call it Catherine O’leary’s Cow Bell because we don’t have the name of the bakery and nothing on it before that incident.”
“I could do it.” John’s tone was casual, which threw off Sherlock’s sorrow. It took him a moment for the implications of John’s offer to sink in.
“And I will finally get my own office with Ms Kate as my executive assistant.” Ms Adler added, stretching her arm out to hold Ms Kate’s hand.
Instead there were shouts and a cry of pain. Sherlock sat up as quickly as he could to see what had happened, only to be caught by a wave of nausea. He breathed through it, his vision slowly coming into focus.
She quickly made her way up to Stamford’s office. She smiled at Ms Hooper but did not stop, just knocked twice, and opened the door. Stamford was sitting at his desk when Ms Hawkins walked in. Watson was sitting on the couch. He raised his eyes over the paper when she stepped in, but stayed hidden behind it.
Watson rolled his eyes and turned to Holmes, who was halfway up the staircase, hunched over, looking intently at each step.
Holmes practiced the song and dance until nine, when the building was being locked down for the night. He went back to his hotel and paced his room, trying to get comfortable with Edward. He played with his speaking rhythm, his voice. He watched himself in the mirror and went through the entire script three times, slowly finding Edwards voice, his diction, his drawls.
“We don’t have to, it can wait until tomorrow. And for someone who doesn’t want to go after this artifact, you seem pretty eager to get it. And what if it changes places again before we get there?” John argued snidely.
Stamford pulled off his coat and hung it on the hook behind the door. “I am struggling enough as it is, I don’t need bad publicity on top of it all.”
“I mean, the type of knot, this is all wrong for a bondage scene. It’s done too tight, cutting off circulation, which is why her hands are blueish.” John rubbed his wrists as he spoke. “And she wasn’t given any slack. She could barely move her arms and legs, just spread out, defenceless.” His tone was full of disgust. “These aren’t made to be undone, you have to cut the rope, and I haven’t seen any picture of scissors or a knife.”
“Audition for Morgan on Monday evening. We teach him as many songs he can manage by then and hope for the best.”
Watson sighed and tried to keep a collected front even though he was now also fighting off a smile and had the urge to lean down and kiss Holmes. “So,” Watson cleared his throat and looked down at the script instead. “The next few scenes are focused on how Edward and Jane are going on with their lives after their first argument. Putting on a brave face even though they feel miserable. We’ll be starting off with Jane’s shots, then Edward’s.” Watson paused, unsure what to add. “Any questions? Suggestions?”
“I would much rather continue kissing you,” Watson said as he pulled away. “But if we’re late, Stamford is going to have a fit.”
Holmes was grateful she wasn’t pressing matters any further, and listened to her expose on Hollywood’s who’s who.
Holmes turned to her and placed his hand on her shoulder, looking her in the eyes. “Thank you for volunteering.”
Hank kept struggling under John, all while explaining in a quite colourful way how he would take his revenge on them. John leaned closer to Hank’s head, twisting his arm a bit further, causing his words to turn into a painful cry.
Watson turned to Lestrade who shrugged. With a heavy sigh, he limped his way to the sound stage, getting rid of his coffee on the way, and ignored the burning sensation of Holmes’s eyes on him.
John's voice brought her attention back to him. “Hum? Oh, nothing dear. It’s the longest I’ve seen him work on the same artifact. Mycroft had to intervene because he wasn’t going after pings anymore. He was horrible to be around. He kept screaming at anyone who dared interrupt him. He never left the office, just slept on the couch. And he really shouldn’t, that couch has awful back support. That’s why there’s a bedroom at the Warehouse now.” Her sad eyes looked around the flat. “And why the flat looks like the office.” She sighed.
Sherlock’s pale eyes were fixed on what was dangling from John’s neck. In his years as an agent, doing maintenance and inventory, he had come across a few items that had caught his attention and memorised their files.
Sherlock reluctantly pulled his eyes away from the test subject and turned his head towards his partner, sizing him up. “Here,” he moved aside. “Have a go.”
He watched as Sherlock went back to his research on his phone, a small smile on his face. John wanted to tease him that in five years he hadn’t thought of voice command, but he didn’t want to ruin the mood. Sherlock would never admit it, but John knew this case affected him more than he let on. So John opted for something he knew his partner would like; the possibility to show off.
Ms Adler was fiddling with her nails and looking bored, while Anderson looked like he was about to lose it.
He kept mumbling encouragements to his partner as he checked his vitals, his brow furrowed with worry at the sight of his non responding pupils and paler than usual complexion. He shifted his shirt to look at the wound and his heart sank.
John was stunned. We? Sherlock had never included him in his experiments before, at least not knowingly. He didn’t know if the invitation was Sherlock’s way of making an effort or if he really was in that great of a mood.
Holt pinches the bridge of his nose. Diaz has a smile tugging at her lips. Boyle is smiling like crazy. Lestrade is trying not to laugh.
“What did he have on him?” Watson suppressed the urge to roll his eyes. He knew the interrogation technique. Asking the same question repeatedly in the hopes of having the suspect slip up in his made up story.
A choked moan escaped him, his eyes closing as John pulled slowly. Before he could get used to the sensation, John’s tongue licked a long stripe up the length.
“So are you.” Was all John could find to say, which was true even if it did sound like a childish retort.
Murray was currently holding a tennis ball in his hand and fake throwing it to Small, who wasn’t moving, but blinked every time Murray did it. It didn’t prevent Small from doing his job, but annoyed him enough to drive him crazy. Watson was curious to see the outcome.
“No. I’ve repeated myself enough. You’ve read the file, probably even seen the interrogation video.” He did his best to keep his anger in check. “With all due respect, sir, I’m not going through the whole story again for your entertainment. Ask me what you want to know. God forbid one of us should answer the other’s questions.” Watson finished before taking a sip of his tea, ignoring the stare he was receiving. They sat silently. Watson put down his cup and watched the man consider his next move.
Bringing John on the case meant telling him Sherlock had been undercover the day before. That wouldn’t necessarily go well. It would probably be best not to discuss it during John’s shift. He could ask John to come back to his apartment and explain while showing him the case file.
John licked his lips. Sherlock suddenly became aware of just how close they were standing to each other. John must have come to the same realisation and took a step back.
“It’s the GPS. If we can get it to teleport somewhere out of here, it will weaken the electrical field enough to give the neutraliser a chance to work.”
What he had heard tonight, what they had discussed, had affected John more than he would have thought, and in ways he didn’t want to admit to himself and certainly wasn’t going to try and deal with tonight. So John did what he had become rather good at over the years: pushed it all down and hoped that the whiskey will make him forget about it all.
Sherlock spotted his rumpled shirt on the floor and everything came flooding back. The case, the shop, and John. Which led to the spanking, the wank, and the reason why Sherlock had fallen asleep on the couch.
The doors opened and now the beeping was deafening as it reverberated against the metal walls. The flashing red lights leading the way towards the reinforced steel door of the office completed the effect of impending doom.
It suddenly dawned on John that no matter how awful his partner had been ever since they started working together, based on what Mrs. Hudson was telling him, it was nothing compared to what was to come.
The silence continued on, creating a rather tense atmosphere in the vehicle. It took about 45 minutes for John to start squirming in his seat. The padding in the old car was making his legs numb, which wasn’t ideal if they needed to tail Mrs. Carson.
“No! Holmes no! Not again! This can’t be happening again! No no no no no,” Morgan pulled his hair, on the verge of a panic attack.
“I don’t want to get you in any trouble, not if I don’t have to,” Watson continued. “Holmes won’t say anything, he knows how this works. This stays between us, okay? You go about your business, we’ll stay out of your way.”
It was true in a way. The Warehouse was the reason he wasn’t halfway out of his mind by now. Sherlock was just a part of it, since John had ended up living with him. In the past 24 hours, they had pretty much spent every waking moment together. Shaking his head, John tried to think of a suitable answer for Neeson.
Even though daggers were coming from Lestrade’s eyes, Sherlock was more concerned about John, who had crossed his arms with a disapproving look. What was it exactly that bothered John? Withholding evidence, or the divorce comment? It didn’t matter. If Sherlock wanted Lestrade to approve John as a consultant, it was best to steer clear of comments regarding his personal life (or lack thereof).
Stamford laughed as well. “Yes, well, the schedule doesn’t change, filming continues on Monday and we’re down a director and an assistant director.”
Everyone broke out in applause, except Morgan and Ms Adler. It was only then that Watson noticed he had not moved a muscle the entire song. As if coming out of a dream, he leaned back in his chair and joined in the applause.
At least that’s what Sherlock tried to say. It came out more as a broken sound around the lump in his throat.
“Don’t worry.” Irene reassured. “I’m sure we can find something to entertain ourselves while we’re waiting.” She finished, standing far enough away for him to admire her but not close enough to touch, an inviting look in her eye. John really had no idea if sleeping with this woman was a good idea, but he was fairly certain it would be greatly irritating to his partner, so he was genuinely entertaining the idea. He would get a nice, possibly great night with a beautiful woman and piss off his arsehole of a partner. Before John got a chance to act, said arsehole cock blocked him, spinning in his chair to interrogate Irene.
“Right. Of course. Or as much sense as its going to make considering we’re talking about an artifact.” John mused. “Um, who’s Raj Reddy?”
I had way to much fun with that LSD trip. tbh: it was just to work that conductor of light metaphore.
“You fool.” Sherlock spat back. “Carson ran because he was protecting you from what he had found. He didn’t want to give it to Barnabas because of what that fat idiot was planning to do with it. Lily Abbott had nothing to do with this; she’s in love with the barman. You already killed your husband for nothing. I grant you that the world is better off without Barnabas, but there’s no reason to hurt anyone else. Now, give me the Elephant before you regret ever hurting John Watson.” Sherlock could see her slowly losing her composure as he exposed the facts.
Lestrade followed Holmes in, and nodded to Stamford and Watson with an apologetic look. Holmes’s British accent was back, as well as his lack of manners.
“Revenge is so predictable, wouldn’t you say John?” Sherlock commented with a glint in his eye. “Frankly, I don’t care about your motives, but I will care if you attempt to interfere with an ongoing investigation again.”
“It’s been a long day for all of us.” Mycroft answered quietly before leaving the office. John stood in the middle of the room with a worried look. Sherlock eyed him and spoke.
“Those coordinates can wait.” John stood as well and pointed his finger at his chest. “You are going to the hospital.”
John was about to get out of the car to interrogate the young man when Sherlock read the note and stopped him.
The doorbell rang in the corridor, echoing up the stairs and raising the hair on the back of Sherlock’s neck.
“Hm.” Ms Adler leaned closer to Holmes. “James Stewart is here.” She kept her voice low so they wouldn’t be overheard.
“Thanks.” He took it and wiped his face first, surprised at how easily it was coming off. He was about to ask why when Mrs. Hudson spoke first.
John eyed Sherlock across the cab’s back seat; a lot had changed since then. Well, he was still a prat most of the time, but it didn’t bother John as much anymore. Quite honestly, it was almost endearing. Now however, as he watched Sherlock hunched over his phone with a concerned look on his face, John was steadily growing worried. Even with all the security, back up security, maintenance, checkups, all those precautions, and Sherlock had still gotten an alert.
Kissing intensifies. John’s hands disappear in Sherlock’s hair while Sherlock grabs John’s jacket to pull him closer. A small moan escapes John when Sherlock’s tongue makes an appearance. In the background the speedboat arrives.
“Well if you keep spoiling the story for me every time I won’t be reading much now, will I?”  John said with a bit more force, staring at the table, as if it would somehow help him stay calm.
“I know, horrid. Now, I’ve been looking into her client list in the past 6 months and from what I can tell of her itinerary, she visited at least two artifact hot spots in eastern Asia and one while she was in South America. The good thing is, she was nowhere near the inactive Warehouse locations. But she did go to- ” The words streamed out of Sherlock’s mouth, speaking while taking out his notebook and putting his Farnsworth/iphone hybrid on the table to show John the client list while flipping to the right page. All this without once looking directly at John, or he would of noticed the glazed over look, evidently showing he had not heard a word his partner had just said. “Rome.” Sherlock stated, pointing to a sketch of an armor. “There’s a rumor going around that a Spartan armor could have been found. Did she really think she could cover her tracks?” Sherlock concluded, picking up his phone again to access the Warehouse database.
Sherlock quickly continued. “But when I saw you, deduced you, I... I stopped you from falling.” The senior agent paused, unsure how to continue. He hadn’t really tried to understand what had pushed him to save John that day; it was a split second decision. “I have little regard for people in general, even less for soldiers. All so boring, like goldfish as my brother would say. And yet you-” Sherlock shut his eyes, frustrated. Putting words on an irrational behavior like instinct or sentiment was proving difficult.  He kept being distracted by the knowledge that John loved him and it made no sense how it could have happened. As clever as Sherlock was, he couldn’t fathom how his partner could care this much.
Holmes ignored Lestrade’s heckling and turned back to Stamford. “I believe her involvement is out of self-preservation rather than personal gain. Her skills in the field, well, the ‘Hollywood field’ are a valuable asset, but she is not the head of this operation.”
Her mouth snapped shut and with a last look at the agents she turned and walked through the drape covered archway into the main room. Even thought it was empty and devoid of color, the room still felt warm and welcoming. It was large with pale gray walls and white drapes on the windows and archways separating the areas with a few potted shrubberies scattered in key places. There was a stage big enough to fit a five person orchestra, with a polished hardwood dance floor in front of it, surrounded by small tables with candles. The bar was on the opposite side of the room; high glass shelves lined with bottles of alcohol that shined in the backlight. As they walked past the bar, the barman gave them the stink eye as he rubbed the glass in his hands.
“For the record,” Ms Hawkins cut in, one hand holding a clip board and the other on her hip. “Morgan can defend himself. Now get to work if you want time to eat before the meeting.”
“How do you expect me to work in these conditions?” Morgan waved his hand in all directions. “I try and shake my actors a little so they can do their best and not be lazy.” He pointed to Ms Adler before turning to Stamford, “and everyone gets involved.”
The bakery set appeared on screen and Holmes was surprised to see how everything looked different on camera. He was expecting a distortion due to the camera lens’s luminosity intake, but seeing it up on screen now, well, he was impressed. It really did look like a bakery. And a street.
Even if it was temporary, even if it meant he would spend the next day nursing a hangover while on a case.
Watson had listened to Wiggins and Dimmock giving their reports to Stamford. If what they were saying was true, that they had somehow stumbled upon the next big star, then Morgan would be an idiot to pass. Watson knew he should be happy about this, but that didn’t change the fact that this arrogant prick gave him notes without thinking about the consequences. There was no way he was going to revise the script just because this undercover amateur had a few ideas.
“Yes, John. That’s why I wanted to go during the night.” Sherlock stated as he saw the realisation dawn on John’s face.
Sherlock grabbed the matchbox and examined it. “Congratulations John, your knowledge of low end authors is actually useful. Let’s pay a visit to Barnabas and then we’ll go.”
“Warehouse 13?” Why did they just jump from the barometer to a warehouse? The man made less and less sense. “No, not to my recollection.”
Holmes hummed. “Well, we could possibly survive with a distraction, like Ms Adler and I announcing a marriage or something equally ridiculous.” Holmes looked up at the light and smiled before whispering, “beautiful.”
Sherlock could feel John’s pleased smile against her nipple. Without slowing between her legs, John kissed Sherlock’s breasts one last time and rearranged herself. She watched her fingers disappear inside her wrecked flatmate, her dark curly hair a mess around her face as she thrust her hips against John’s hand. She licked her lips one last time before she flicked her tongue over Sherlock’s clit, covered it with her mouth and sucked
John’s scrubbing slowed as he thought about it. “I guess the thrill of finishing this project in its last hours is appealing. No time for nonsense.”
“It’s over. Give me the sculpture.” Sherlock said, his Tesla pointed at the man. He turned slowly, holding his hands up, the marble statue in his right hand.
“It’s in London.” Sherlock cut in, stopping John’s trail of thought. “We locate it and it suddenly moves within a 100 kilometers of us?” Sherlock added as he slowly turned towards Irene, his arms crossed over his chest. “This is clearly a trap.”
Watson pulled back after a long moment, kissing Holmes’s jaw along the way and kissed him again, deeply. Watson didn’t want to pull stop, but this wasn’t the place for things to get heated. He broke the kiss and leaned his forehead against Holmes’s. “As much as I hate to say so, I have to get ready for the press conference.”
Not that it’s any of your business, but how is changing my hygiene habits going to improve my chances with Amy?
Mycroft’s recorded voice completed the impending doom effect. “Four minutes to Warehouse destruction.”
Sherlock shouldn’t be insisting, this was dragging on for much longer than it needed to. But there was something about how John’s eyes went half-closed at his plea, before glancing at the door.
Watson nodded. “Yes, it is.” He answered without speaking into the microphone, making the room laugh. Stamford ushered him to the podium. “Yes, it is.” Watson repeated. “As you can tell, it’s also my first press conference.” he added, making the room laugh.
Molly’s eyes widened at Sherlock’s words. All her senses were alert, waiting in anticipation to see what would happen next.
John deserved points for creativity. His satisfied smirk may also have something to do with why Sherlock was finding the challenge arousing rather than disgraceful.
“It’s- It’s not...” John tried to explain but words were fleeting him, blood rushing away from his head.
Instead, John squared his shoulders and turned to the screens. “I don’t understand, why didn’t the emergency system prevent this?”
Their eyes met, and time suspended for a moment before John nodded. It was all Sherlock needed to let go. He felt his scrotum tighten before everything seemed to stop. He couldn’t see, couldn’t think, couldn’t hear anything besides John repeating his name like a mantra. The sweet sound guided him through his orgasm, each wave of pleasure quivering through his body.
“You’re burning up way too quickly; this isn’t good for your body. We have to stabilize your temperature or you’re going to die.”
“So if I had let you convince me to break into this place in the middle of the night, you’re telling me that we would have gotten here and
.” Stamford clapped his hands. “Follow me.” He stuffed a script into Holmes’s hands and started to push him towards the exit.
“I didn’t pick it up, I swear.” John said, equal part wondering if it was going to explode and curious as to why it was in his hand.
“Does that remind you of anything?” John asked offhandedly. He wasn’t expecting to suddenly be the target of Sherlock’s scrutiny, which normally wouldn’t be a problem, except Sherlock doesn’t normally deduce with that look in his eye.
It hadn’t taken long after his arrival to memorise a path down the stairs to avoid the ones that creaked. He silently made his way to the door leading into the sitting room/office. Ignoring his pounding headache, John listened for any sign of movement.
They stared at each other from either end of the small flat as Holmes processed the implications of what Watson had just said. It seemed Watson had misinterpreted his observation as a negative reaction. It wasn’t. Holmes had simply assumed they would pick up where they had left off in Stamford’s office. The thought of a date hadn’t even crossed his mind. Then again, his knowledge of relationships and romance was limited, as Watson had pointed out during their first argument. It never was something that mattered to Holmes, romance. It always appeared trivial, not worth his time. But now that he was the one being romanced, Holmes was starting to understand the appeal.
Oh. Sherlock hadn’t thought John would sit that close. It wasn’t unwelcomed but, well, he was sitting exactly where—
“It’s nice you two are catching up, but would someone mind explaining what the GPS is, besides, you know, it being a GPS?” John looked from one brother to the other as he spoke, hoping he would actually get an answer this time. Even better if it was one he was going to understand.
“There you are,” Lestrade said to them then spoke to Watson, eyeing his legs. “Found your cane on the ground, it’s upstairs, but is everything all right?”
Sherlock simply shrugged and followed John over to the next row, ignoring the shorter man’s aggravated look. The GPS was nowhere to be found. Without a word, Sherlock continued walking along the stands, eyes scanning. Grumbling to himself, John caught up with him and joined the search.
Establishing shot of the street, with a car stopping at a red light. Reveal Detectives ROSA DIAZ and JAKE PERALTA inside the car. Rosa is driving. The light turns green. As the car starts moving, a tall man with black curly hair and a long dark coat, SHERLOCK HOLMES, jumps in front of the car.
John’s soothing voice seemed to appear out of nowhere, until his lips pressed against Sherlock’s temple.
“You’re doing quite well Mr Holmes.” Ms Adler whispered to him as the first song ended and most of the room was watching them.
Watson was grateful to find a turtleneck in the few changes of clothes he kept in Stamford’s office, even if he just ended up spending the morning moping on the couch. Stamford worked at his desk and muttered to himself about cartels and curses. Once he left for lunch, Watson managed to sleep for three hours. When he woke up, he still felt hungover and dreadful, and reluctantly made his way down to set to get coffee. He checked his turtleneck one last time and remembered to grab his cane to keep up appearances.
Sherlock straightened and dusted himself off. “Off to kill Lilly in a jealous rage, as any boring and predictable book would do.”
Give me the pity shirt, I’ll show it the love it deserves. It will have a special place in my closet, next to Terry’s ripped shirts.
John thanked her and held the glass but didn’t drink, still stunned by the woman’s reaction or lack thereof. He eyed Sherlock, assuming he was going to interrogate her but he somehow seemed more interested in the carpet at the moment. With his best trust-me-I’m-a-doctor face, John took a sip of whiskey and placed his glass on the table. “What do you mean?”
Her body tensed with pleasure and arched her back. The movement caused her breast to push up into John’s face, who instinctively opened her mouth.
“I need-” Sherlock started to say but John grinded the blade of her hand onto her clitoris. The words morphed into a guttural moan. “Oh, John.”
Watson took out a second plate from the cupboard. “You mean the studio wouldn’t be used just for distribution?” He shut off the burner.
“Do you know who it’s from?” Holmes asked as he tore open the side and slid out a piece of paper folded into three.
Watson couldn’t believe his ears. “Seriously? This guy, a lead actor in a musical? Can he even carry a tune?”
John, could you at least try not to threaten the suspect when you have a bunch of cops listening in?
The thought distracted Sherlock enough for the fantasies to wash over him again. At least this time he was alone in a dark soundproof room. Watching John getting interrogated. Oh dear, this was not the time to start imagining Sherlock getting interrogated by John.
Now that he was actually asking him to help, John felt the excitement of finally getting the chance to learn more about the “science” behind artifacts.
“Shit.” John cursed as everything single object inside of the entire section started glowing and their outline could be seen through the metal. Mostly suitcases and bags, but John didn’t take much time to look at everything there. Not only the locker they were targeting was in fact empty, they were attracting too much attention. With a quick glance at each other, they moved to the back of the row, hiding themselves from the crowd, but they were still on camera.
Because now it was worse. Because now, not only would he have last night, but he would remember how it felt to wake up with Holmes in his arms. All he had to do was turn his head and see how Holmes looked in the morning, and just the thought made Watson ache.
When he finally pulled it together, Holmes beckoned Ms Rosie with his head, and regretted it when the movement made him nauseous. Or all the laughing. Or the LSD. Probably the LSD.
BUT! I will write a one shot of her back story that will only be published after episode five because spoilers...
“We’re close enough; we can walk the rest of the way.” Sherlock told the driver, his voice steady, but John could see the stiffness in his movements as he watched him pay and step out. Mrs. Hudson’s words came to mind. John suddenly wished he had had time to look at the artifact file. When something as inoffensive makes a rather emotionless man react so violently, there’s bound to be something about it that’s special or something that John should probably know about and Sherlock wasn't telling him.
“No, he’s still at the Warehouse.” John explained as he put his novel aside. He looked up when Mrs. Hudson walked in and smiled at him before tusking at the state of the room, wiping the seat of Sherlock’s chair before sitting.
Lestrade crouched and whispered harshly. “Why the hell did you run off? We don’t have any evidence, I can’t arrest him.”
I mean it Terry, go read Watson’s blog. It’s like, why aren’t they together already? They have been living together and working together for years. They have been to hell and back. I mean, Holmes had to fake his death to save Watson’s life.
“Now what?” Sherlock grumbled. “We can’t trace the call. How else can we know where he went or who called him? Where are you going?”
Watson resigned himself, took a sip and looked around. They were at The Brown Derby, a popular restaurant a few blocks away from the studio. It was Morgan’s favourite, which wasn’t a surprise given the rococo décor and his private booth in the back. Lestrade had to bribe the hostess to sit them close enough to keep an eye on them.
The surprised expression changed to a devilish smile as her hands twisted the leather, making Sherlock move from his outstretched position to standing straight, his hands in front of him as if bound together at the wrists, confirming John’s suspicion about her intentions.
“I’m asking for future reference. You know: communication, teamwork. Stop looking at me like that, you’re the one who’s always going on about boundaries, and yet you insist on wearing those ridiculous pants-”
Watson couldn’t help the high-pitched giggle that escaped him and nodded. Stamford gave him a small pat on the back before pulling away and taking a deep breath to process everything.
“Hello, I’m Agent Watson, this is Agent Holmes.” John introduced, mistakenly turning his head to look at Sherlock as he said his name. The fake smile his partner was wearing easily fell into the “creepy” category, making John frown and stare momentarily.
“She was an Irish immigrant living in Chicago Illinois in 1879 who became famous for an incident involving a cow she was milking that kicked a lamp that started the Great Chicago Fire.”
Sherlock moaned as he pushed forward, stuffing his mouth with cock until it hit his throat. John growled, hands moving to hold Sherlock’s head, and started thrusting. Sherlock covered his teeth with his lips and tightened the circle around John’s cock.
“Of course it does,” Holmes cut him off. “How can people focus on the story if they’re asking themselves how Edward could have possibly won with that hand.”
“You mind doing this later?” John asked over the sound of the blast, checking on Sherlock just in time to see him thrown to the floor. He held his breath until he saw the mop of dark hair crawl to safety.
.” Watson sang in a high voice, making the room laugh. “Yeah not doing that again.” He cleared his throat and continued. “Edward replies with a very confused look:
John blushed harder. “I was just trying it out, ok! How could I guess it would happen the day you put madder in the fucking shampoo?”
John was about to lose his temper when it hit him how absolutely ridiculous the situation was and started laughing, soon followed by Sherlock.
“You will never leave because this is the best job you’ve ever had. Every moment of your day is filled with the most absurd and dangerous objects found on the face of this earth. You live every day surrounded with enigma, thrill, history, and discovery. You have the chance to travel around the world and not just fix things, but prevent them. This job lets you help people on a scale you never even believed possible.”
Watson stalled when the detective ran up the remaining stairs to the balcony and stood tall to overlook the stage. The blue-sky backdrop was still there, making the overall effect quite powerful visually. It seemed a pity they were filming in black and white. Watson was struck with the image of this man standing on the edge of a rooftop, looking across the city skyline, ready to face whatever dangers lie ahead. It took Watson a moment to realise he was staring and made himself look away.
John frowned, looked from one to the other. Something was off. He had heard enough to know that the GPS was some sort of baggage to Sherlock. So why was Mycroft smiling? Was he really just here to tease? What kind of an arsehole brother did that?
“Stamford, come on, you’re making Morgan sound like a comic book villain.” Lestrade commented as he fiddled with a toothpick.
“Come on, it’s working, why are you still counting down!” John looked back, noticing the flashing screen that was asking if he wanted to activate the emergency system in the entire Warehouse.
Holmes’s disappointed relief swiftly turned into intense panic. His eyes widened, body frozen into place as he fought to seem relaxed.
Frowning, John crouched by the third row on his left and reached for a wooden jewelry box. He didn’t question anything, simply opened it, let his hand search through the jewelry and grab the army dog tags. He passed the familiar chain around his neck and ran back.
But this was out of hand. He could see the sparks emitting from each artifact, feeding off each other and creating stronger electrical arcs that had somehow created a sphere the size of a car. It was so strong they couldn’t even approach it, not to mention the loose balls of electricity orbiting around the sphere. They were hitting shelves every so often, activating other artifacts, making the sphere grow.
“God, how I loathe repeating myself. My methods are more efficient; you’re new to the job, you’ll get it eventually.”
“We know.” Watson could see the man smile slightly as he fiddled with the handle of his umbrella. With a sort of swishing sound, the movement stopped and the doors sled open to a white metal corridor that he was pretty sure were steel tubes of about 9 feet in diameter that led them further underground. Watson’s questions stopped as he instinctively scanned the corridor. The sound of their footsteps ringed loudly against the metal grid boardwalk that led them to a steel door fit for a nuclear bunker. Vertical white pipes lined the path, spread evenly every 8 feet or so with a glass compartment at eye height, showing a blue light.
Watson had to bite his lip not to start laughing at the face Stamford made. If they had been alone in the office, he knew Stamford would be shouting and jumping around. But he wouldn’t dare in front of everyone in the rehearsal room.
What’s the barge doing on the water? It’s not scheduled until this afternoon. I should call this in.
There was a rush as reporters stood and shouted, anything to get attention. Stamford pointed to someone on their right. The noise quickly died down to let him speak.
“According to the picture on the web, it should be right here.” Sherlock answered quietly, even though he knew John wouldn’t hear him. Looking around, he saw the dust patterns on two of the podiums and empty spots on the shelves. “Things are missing. Probably sold.” Sherlock said as he twirled around. “What am I looking for, what am I looking for?” He wondered to himself until he faced the desk. “The manifest.” Sherlock noted as he walked over and looked through the papers. “Here, here, marble, Aphrodite’s, sold to a Mrs. Adams. And here is her address, it’s close.” He said as he took a picture of the page with his phone. “Let’s go, John.” He prompted as he dropped the papers and turn towards the exit, but John wasn’t moving. “John?” Sherlock repeated as he approached him. “Are you alright?” Sherlock put his hand on John’s arm to get his attention. John turned, his expression asking what was going on. Not wanting to scream, they had made enough noise with the alarm, Sherlock took out his phone. He texted John, but handed his phone to him instead of trying to make him understand to check his own.
“Look, he’s gonna have to learn them all anyway.” Wiggins argued with Dimmock. “Might as well teach him as much as we can now to get a head start.”
John was too preoccupied by the absence of a scar, passing his hand over his stomach a few times and sliding his other hand under Sherlock to feel his back, to notice his partner’s stunned face.
“In this industry, let’s just say the rules get bent a little.” Stamford laughed nervously. “You know how it is.”
“It worked.” This explains why he went through the trouble of clearing the table, John added to himself.
“Half explaining things; maybe it’s obvious to you how a man changed his violin into an artifact by simply playing it, but it isn’t to me.” John reproached. Sherlock’s eyes wandered towards the ceiling, displaying the figure of a man dealing with someone who was deliberately being stupid.
“Yes. And don’t try to find the agent file, it’s restricted. Now go walk in the Warehouse so I can test the GPS prototype.” Sherlock ordered, rolling back towards the desk and waving John away like he was the embodiment of aristocracy.
It was good to know Sherlock had kept himself busy all afternoon and was now testing a theory, but he still wanted to know what he had just agreed to do. “How about the research?”
“Sherlock, I’ve told you already, you can’t just barge in here and- ” Lestrade noticed John then. In one swift movement his feet were off the desk, and he swallowed his bite, straightening himself into a professional posture. “Who’s this?”
“You invaded Afghanistan.”  Sherlock pointed out and John laughed even more. “Well, congratulations. You almost got killed by an artifact. You’re officially a Warehouse agent.” Sherlock added as they calmed down.
The crew was on final touches in setting up the next scene. Moran was working on the set while Small finished the microphone adjustments, both of them arguing over the best spot to place the microphone without affecting the sound intake. Morgan was talking with Wilder and Wiggins, while Ms Hawkins took notes at his side. Holmes and Ms Adler were sitting on the park bench on set, chatting as Ms Louise touched up their make-up.
“Who knows what goes on in that silly head of his? But there is probably a very long and logical explanation to it.” She said, smiling at her own joke.
“Ready. Over.” Rogers said on the coms, but he was looking at Jones. The LED changed to green and they walked in. The civilians in the lab didn’t scream, but as soon as they saw the four soldiers dressed in full combat gear with heavy artillery, they backed away from what they were doing.
Holmes just stood there, and watched Wiggins perform the routine. With a flourish, Wiggins finished the choreography, breathing a bit harder than before. He turned to Holmes with a smile.
“Who are you?” The Captain demanded. Pale eyes flicked from the pit to the soldier. He scrutinized every inch of him, which was starting to make him uncomfortable.
He had forgotten the sensation it created in his chest, as if there were a balloon slowly being filled with helium. Adding in the way he had humiliated Mycroft, Sherlock didn’t try to stop the smile spreading across his face.
He shook his hand a bit before he grabbed onto the plank, not fighting back the shaking breath that came out as he felt immersed in cold, like being dumped into an ice filled tub.
“Bullshit. Have you been using the barometer again? No, I’ll deal with that another time. But right now, we are not going to break into anywhere. I am heading back to the flat to read and I swear, if you either ruin the story for me or wake me up by screaming tomorrow...” John started to threaten but he could see Sherlock had simply tuned him out. Without a word, he grabbed his coat and walked out of the office, slamming the door behind him.
“Late 1800’s. But that face...” Sherlock wondered as he straightened and closed his eyes. John waited for him to open them, only he stood there, completely still. After almost 20 seconds, John had to speak.
“Feels like forever.” It wasn’t exactly a lie. The man chuckled as he rummaged through a box. His eyes widened a moment before he looked at Sherlock, whose back was turned, and John on the other side of the room, completely oblivious to them. The man stood up with the box he was looking through and asked.
He didn’t ask, didn’t give John the option to think about whether or not he wanted to follow Sherlock to the Yard. If he kept up the action, John would follow.
“We need to leave now, sorry for the disruption.” John said in his reassuring doctor tone, hoping to ease things.
With a huff, Sherlock flopped onto his back. He didn’t have time for this; he had a case to solve. A case that involved returning to Il Bolero to finish interrogating the staff about the victims.
“Morgan, Watson, enough!” Lestrade’s years of experience in Scotland Yard showed in his commanding voice.
John paused once their lips met, taking time to breathe through the process, making sure no one was changing his mind, giving Holmes time to run away. Holmes changed the angle slightly, and kissed Watson again, gently.
Sherlock felt stunned into place. Of course John knew he was watching. But it still felt like he was staring directly at him.
He saw Lestrade raise an eyebrow, but Holmes didn’t care if his greeting was rude, or that he still dressed in last night’s clothes, save for the bow tie.
Holmes grabbed his arm and manoeuvred them back towards the fence, squeezing them both in the corner of the fence. They crouched in an attempt to see under the trucks, in case they needed to move to prevent getting caught.
Watson had a visceral reaction to stop Holmes but didn’t. As long as he stayed away from the stack of pages next to the typewriter. Holmes only seemed interested in the finished scripts that had already been sent out and rejected. The ones he had started writing and never finished were on the shelf below and were stacked much less neatly.
John cleared his throat loudly. “Yes, yes he is.” He said with a straight face, making sure to evade Sherlock’s dumbstruck look or he wouldn’t be able to stop laughing.
Watson thought about it a moment. He’d given up the idea of directing years ago. But in this instance, as insane as the circumstances were, he had to admit the challenge of taking on the role was… thrilling.
“We shot Edward across the street looking at Jane, but instead of cutting to a shot of Jane from inside the bakery, we could shoot it through a window, from the outside looking into the bakery.”
John let the sound pop with her lips and kissed Sherlock deeply, both happy this was something they could do now.
He side-eyed Holmes but looked at the floor as he spoke. “Thank you. For this, the movie. Replacing Anderson.”
“Even you?” Holmes hoped his voice sounded worried enough that she didn’t feel like she was being interrogated.
Sherlock kept his eyes on John as he sipped what he had expected to be cheap wine and was surprised to find it was excellent.
There were two quick knocks on the door before Ms Hooper appeared, carefully holding a tea tray that she put down on the desk.
“Then how did someone tamper with it?” John asked, leaning back against his chair and crossing his arms.
Holmes hopped over the planks at the bottom of the stairs. “Well,” He straightened his jacket and cuffs, “whoever made that drink was either an amateur, as we’re being led to believe, or they knew exactly what they were doing.”
Jake and Amy are sitting in the car, watching John and Sherlock are on the boardwalk near the museum (museum that is in a boat, on the river) staring out at the river. Jake takes a sip of his blue drink. Amy eyes the blue drink and sighs. Jake frowns, puts down his drink and notices a stain on his sleeve. He tries to covertly rub it away. It does not work.
Watson’s eyes widened. He’d never fantasised about kissing a man. He’d thought about doing many sinful things to a man, but not kissing. In fact, Watson hadn’t fantasised about a man since his first year after being discharged, back when he was still in London. It had been an easy itch to scratch in the army. Quick, discreet, no strings attached. Because that’s all it was, a bit of fun.
“No, no,” Morgan raised his arms in surrender. “It’s okay, I won’t stay.” He turned to Holmes. “I just wanted to say I appreciated your professionalism today, and the more I see your work, the more I’m interested in working together again.”
“Of course I’m mad, she’s wasting my time! And now yours!” Morgan stomped his feet on the ground for emphasis. “With her experience, her co-star shouldn’t be outshining her.”
Confusion painted Watson’s features. “I… um, thank you.” He reached out and took it, but kept it at arm’s length, stunned by the sight of it.
Watson rolled his eyes. “Small started acting all suspicious and left quickly, I figured it would be worth checking into Moran.”
“Ms. Adler is suggesting that someone has tampered with the GPS artifact.” In reality it sounded like the person he was speaking to was a complete idiot, giving John the irresistible urge to pick up the large book on the experiment table and aim it at his head.
Sherlock turns to Lestrade with a frown. He opens his mouth to speak and is beaten to the punch by Amy.
“Really? Cause I’ve never seen you threaten someone with bronzing, whatever the hell that is.” Sherlock was about to speak when John cut him off. “And so help me if you tell me to go read the manual...”
The Armor swung again, making the unarmed agent duck behind the shelf, causing the blade to impact with its contents. Fortunately, as the boxes and spears tumbled to the floor, they revealed a wooden crate.
“I know, I know, it’s mad, but…” Stamford pointed to Holmes. “Look at the lad. He could just stand there for an hour and a half and this movie will bring in more than the last two combined.”
The pages slid past the crew sitting at the table, including Dimmock, the musical director, and Bill Wiggins, the choreographer. The script skidded to a halt a few inches away from Stamford at the other end of the table. He looked to his right where the writer, John Watson, was leaning against the wall. He had his arms crossed, jaw clenched and was staring straight ahead.
“Nothing indicates its dangerous now.” John argued, more to reassure himself than to convince his partner.
Sherlock’s hips eased to a slow small circle suddenly. John must have said something because Sherlock smiled then, and whispered an answer Molly couldn’t hear. John leaned back to look at Sherlock’s face. Their gaze became heated. Sherlock leaned to John’s ear, her lips brushing against the lobe as she spoke. She pulled back, letting her mouth rub against John’s jaw as she did. She stopped just before her lips touched John’s, staring at them before looking up to John’s eyes and speaking again.
With a tired smile, he grabbed the axe and the plank and jogged back to the stairs, hoping Sherlock was doing as well as he was.
Thank you to the wonderful @aquabelacqua for playing John Watson (That jumper!). I still can’t get over that grin. Kills me every time.
John waited for the rest of the explanation until he remembered who he was dealing with. “How.” He asked patiently.
He wanted more, so much more. Sherlock had never experienced physical pleasure like this; his brain had always been in the way. But now that everything was tuned down, that he was home, alone, Sherlock let his body take over. He let the sensations wash over him, the pain and pleasure blending together, moving him closer to the edge.
Amy comes out from behind the shelf and comes over to the table. Sherlock continues reading while John looks up with an apologetic look.
This is ridiculous, John thought to himself. He knew Sherlock was clearly trying to keep face and there was no point in arguing really but for some reason he couldn’t let it go, didn’t want to let it go. “Once again, if you bothered to read fiction once in a while you’d know that we’ll discover where Carson is only when the author wants us to.” He straightened and faced his partner with a defiant look.
Sherlock pondered it for a moment. “The story's over. Either they live on in the story or disintegrate.”
The fact that he was holding a glass of water helped Sherlock resist the urge to slip his hands to John’s thighs. Sherlock closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and kept them closed when he heard John slipping on the gloves. It was preferable not to let his imagination get the best of him with that one.
“And you completed the team as their Captain: a good leader, field surgeon, shooter, good close combat fighter and always calm in the face of danger. A perfect search and rescue team.” Mycroft surmised. John’s eyes seemed to look far away at something that wasn’t there. He smiled sadly before continuing.
Stamford closed the door behind him, a broad smile on his face and a skip in his step as he headed for the stairs.
They finally got a moment of respite, allowing them to finish eating and relax before the next wave.
“Shh, don’t worry about it. If you want, I could help you.” She offered, leaning back to look him in the eye, her breath brushing his cheek lightly. John’s brain supplied him with different ways she could help him.
Once the cab had left Baker Street, John looked across the seat. Sherlock was scanning his phone and his right leg kept fidgeting. There was no point in trying to get his partner to explain how bad the situation was, John could tell.
The corridor lead to a room with softer lighting. Every inch of display space held chains, whips, paddles, rope, floggers, and spreader bars of all different shapes, sizes, and colors.
Jones answered. “We have a portrait of Moriarty and his associate Janine Hawkins circulating in police departments and airports across the country. We are not letting them get away so easily.”
The sound died on John’s lips as Sherlock licked again and again. All he heard was a slow exhale before he swirled his tongue around the glans a few times. He found a drip of pre-come, the taste bittersweet on his tongue.
“Nobody can know about this, or that we’re investigating, we’ve had enough scandal around this movie, having the police call this an accident is a blessing. You can’t turn it into a murder.”
“I hope you know where it is in this place. You know, needle in haystack and all.” John commented as they walked through tight rows between merchants selling anything from chocolate to cold cuts.
“Nothing useful at the moment. Everything is in the file.” Mycroft explained as he pointed to the folder he had previously handed to Sherlock. “I’ll leave you to your work.” He stood, umbrella in hand. “I almost forgot; congratulations, John.”
“I would be careful if I were you. You are free as a courtesy. Do you want them to learn you used a non-approved artifact on a Warehouse agent?”
“And you moved your busy schedule around to come here?” Sherlock retorted sarcastically, sneering at his brother’s scowl.
He smiled as his eyes found the ax on the wall over the emergency station. As quickly as his defrosting body would let him, he made it to the station, broke the glass with his elbow and grabbed the axe.
The night was calm, except for the sound of their footsteps as they walked the last two blocks. Watson was grateful he now had the option to leave his cane behind. It was odd, but it was thrilling to be able to walk freely again.
John’s robe shifted in the process, revealing more of her belly and almost an entire breast. Sherlock felt her mouth water at the sight, as it always did when she accidently got an eyeful from her flatmate. As she lowered her gaze, Sherlock sucked in her lower lip without thinking about it. There was a clear line where the red hair stopped about a half inch above her clitoris and as curious as she was to smell the difference, she already knew it was useless now. She slid her right hand along the inside of John’s thigh, feeling the tiny muscle spasms along the way. Slowly, she brushed the tip of her fingers through the dark brown hair along her labia majora then up to the red for a direct texture comparison. She repeated it a few times and before she knew it she was leaning down, her nose brushing through the dark brown hairs, the tip bumping into skin that was warmer than before, and inhaled once more.
“Yes, yes, goodbye Mycroft. Come on John, let’s get this over with.” John looked up to see Sherlock walk out of the sitting room with a swish of his coat.
They waited as the artifact slowly accessed its log, listing what seemed like the complete list of locations it had visited over the years.
A part of Sherlock was surprised by his behaviour. He never would have imagined himself silently begging to suck cock. After getting hand-fed and told to behave, this was decadent.
“No. No, I am not going after it again.” John was astonished by how his partner could sound like a six year old boy. As much as he didn’t preferred Mycroft’s absence, it was nice to get a break from being the main target when Sherlock got into a mood.
Stamford ushered Holmes to the sound stage, past the crew sitting along the edge of the set. Everyone was there, including Murray, Small, Ms Louise and a scowling Ms Riley. Ms Adler and her assistant Ms Kate were sitting apart from the group, huddled close and whispering.
Holmes nodded, hoping he looked like he knew what Hitchcock was, and took a mental note to ask Lestrade.
“Me? Pff, no.” John had a dopey smile on his face as Bishop scribbled his name and handed the page back.
Jake opens his mouth a few times, blinks quickly. Slowly, Jake shuffles to his chair to sit down, lost in thought. Everyone is looking at Jake except John who is staring at Sherlock.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock questioned, his attention still on the screens. John stopped moving and breathed slowly before turning.
” Sherlock answered irritably as he took out a pentagon with an old metallic finish about the size of a grapefruit.
With new-found eagerness, Sherlock obeyed. Once in position he slowly reached for John’s tan trousers, savouring the first time he would touch him.
It may have been a mistake, admitting such a thing, but Sherlock couldn’t deny it. Spanking featured in most of his fantasies, but John was the constant. It wasn’t just his craving for the peacefulness that accompanied the pain. There was just something about John...
Molly took a deep breath as she stepped away from the body and stared at the ceiling. “She’s going to kill me one day.”
they shouldn’t leave. John was feeling the full force of Sherlock’s all seeing stare and didn’t move a muscle, determination present in every fiber of his being.
Sherlock was relieved John wasn’t planning to leave but confused that he was making toast. With butter and jam and cutting them into bite size pieces. If this was so important to John, shouldn’t he ask Sherlock what he wanted to eat? Because there was a perfectly good leftover pad Thai—
The image of a black hole dressed as a nurse popped into Holmes’s head and made him burst out laughing.
John was angry for letting himself get caught up in the last few days. The reality of their relationship was hitting him harder than he wanted to admit. If that’s all he really was, a simple assistant there to clean up Sherlock’s mess, he didn’t want to be part of this anymore.
Jake mumbles something unintelligible through Amy’s hand when the suspect, Dean Chester, walks by Jake’s car.
John blocked his path. “No, we stick together. It’s probably back at the cell phone case stand. It would stick out anywhere else.”
They were currently doing a walkthrough of the choreography to find their places on the set and mark them, figure out the camera angles, their light and such. Throughout the process, Holmes stayed focused, concentrated. His movements with Ms Adler were technical, precise. Afterward, Morgan discussed the scene with the leading couple. From what Watson could tell, Morgan was doing his bullshit ‘vision’ speech. Morgan’s large arm movements tipped Watson off, as well as the bored look in Ms Adler’s eyes.
The music started and this time the couple fell into the beat together, easing into the mood of the scene, their faces and bodies emoting the lovers coming together at last for their happily ever after.
“Good evening everyone.” Stamford smiled. “I want to thank you all for being here with us tonight. As you are all aware, it was rather a bumpy ride to make it here tonight, and it wouldn’t have been possible without the wonderful cast and crew here tonight.” He beamed at the first two rows but paused a long moment when his eyes met Holmes’s. “I can’t thank you all enough for your good work. Now, it is my great pleasure to present to you, starring the great Irene Adler and newcomer Sigerson Holmes, written and directed by John Watson, ladies and gentlemen, The Dancing Bachelor.”
John grabbed his duffle bag. “Splash of milk in my tea,” he said before disappearing into the bathroom.
“Just doing our job,” Ms Adler replied offhandedly as she leaned back in her seat, her shoulder pressing up against Ms Kate’s.
There was a rush of footsteps and what sounded like heels coming from behind Holmes. It sounded like… Was that Ms Hawkins’s voice?
John choked on his words. He was at the end of his wits. All he had were these army tags and he had no idea how they worked and wasn’t ‘feeling’ anything. What was he doing? This was ridiculous, how could he have blindly put his faith into artifacts like this and expect things to magically get better? Sherlock was right, he was an idiot. He could feel the blood soaking through his shirt, could see the cold sweat across Sherlock’s forehead. He closed his eye and bit the inside of his cheek. It was over; there was nothing else he could do. But
The threat was back in John’s voice. But it was different than earlier. He was clenching his jaw and looking to the left—
They decided to host the party in the sound stage. Angelo had arranged a table full of finger foods and another next to it filled with beer, wine and liquors. Not the best brands, but good enough to sustain the group all evening. It was a bit odd, seeing the small dance floor and tables in the large empty open space. But once everyone had a drink in hand, it didn’t matter.
The twenty-minute wait was excruciatingly long to Watson, barely listening to the conversation between Ms Adler and Holmes. Thankfully they were left unbothered by the other patrons. Until they started trying to leave. Watson thought they would never make it, being constantly stopped on their way out by friends and fans.
“Well, the LAPD contacted me a few times while you were editing with Wilder and, well, it’s not the Yard, but it’s a new crime demographic, it could possibly be worth exploring a bit it.”
The agent closed the file, tossed it lightly onto the metal table between them. He looked at the soldier a moment before speaking.
“You’ve read my file. I haven’t really got anyone to talk about this to. They’re all dead.” John spat.
“Normally, yes. But it’s Sunday: eleven to five.” He corrected before closing his eyes and from what John could tell, went back to his mind palace.
“Why are you here?” The doctor demanded. “Wait did you know about him?” His tone was dangerous. If Mycroft had brought John to the Warehouse knowing about Manning coming back from the dead, evil and all...
They headed out; John handed their ticket to the valet and waited silently, looking up and down the street, listening to the music filtering out of the club.
“I’m telling you now. Next time you get divorced, try not to let it affect your work so much.” Sherlock picked a lint from his coat sleeve. “I would have expected a quick skim of the credit card receipts from Anderson, but not from you.”
Lestrade’s cleared his throat, making Watson look up and around, noticing they were getting dirty looks from the other tables.
Holmes plastered on his Sigerson smile and stood. There was a murmur from the crowd as all six feet of Holmes posed for the room. Watson found himself staring like the rest of them. With his dark hair combed back with the elegant waves, his tuxedo, and shined shoes. Holmes was breath taking, and almost everyone in the room was oblivious to just how incredible he really was.
“Let’s go.” Sherlock declared, stepping to move past John towards the exit, but John’s hand pressed against his chest, stopping him in his tracks.
How could Lestrade have possibly thought Sherlock’s motivations were anything other than in service of the case? He wouldn't involve just anyone in his Work, especially not a serial killer case. It was disappointing really, that Lestrade could be so small-minded. All Sherlock did was suggest that they-
and stopped, turning away. He wasn’t sure if he really wanted to know anymore. No matter what might have happened at Angelo’s, seeing Sherlock’s reaction to discussing personal topics was starting to make him think that there was little chance whatever was happening between them would go anywhere. It was bad enough he had to ignore his attraction while working and living with the man, the very idea that Sherlock
“Well.” Stamford jumped on the chance to change the subject. “Before we discuss the case.” Stamford eyed Holmes with a serious face. “About the press conference tomorrow, I just want you to understand how important these are for the success of the movie. You must charm the reporters, even though their job is to try and get a rise out of you. They will do anything to get a front page.”
“Have you seen your umbrella?” The man’s eyes widened before he lifted up his chin with a look like he had smelled something foul. Watson did his best to keep his face neutral as he spoke. “You want me to work at a warehouse?”
Holmes stopped his Edward walk and slowly turned to Ms Hawkins. He had been nervous about this, his Edward American accent. He already felt like his own sounded a bit off, and felt like he should change it a bit when he played Edward.
Sir, we can’t interrogate Lance Turner without Holmes, and we can’t process the kid for assault without Holmes pressing charges.
John waited for the witty comeback, looked up in surprise at his partner’s silence and figured he better keep going before Sherlock got bored. “And now that I’m here... well, she seemed pretty convinced we’re going to catch it.” John wasn’t entirely convinced of it himself, but his instinct was telling him this was their best shot at succeeding.
The set came alive to prepare the first shot of the day. Watson wasn’t sure what to do with himself. He eyed Holmes, who was walking with Ms Adler to the set, speaking in hushed voices as they always did. Watson headed to the director’s chair instead. He found himself looking at it apprehensively. With a resigned sigh, Watson sat and settled the script on his thighs. He tried to visualise the scene in his head.
“No, not all of them, but enough to keep me busy. I can take care of most of them, but those in the dark vault I leave for Sherlock.”
“At the Warehouse?” John thought of a Chinese delivery boy ringing the Diogenes club and almost laughed.
John pulled off his latex gloves, laid his hands on his own thighs, and looked at Sherlock. “Quite honestly, that was the most fun I’ve had since, God, I’m not even sure.”
“You don’t have to teach them, just tell them how to react to the cards they have. It’s not that complicated.”
“I can’t fight it, John, the riding crop; it has complete control over my body.” Sherlock said, trying to sound calm but his eyes were betraying him.
“Fine.” John answered as he looked up. Their eyes met and John couldn’t help but laugh. “That was the most ridiculous thing that has ever happened to me.”
Though he was never a very social man, it didn’t mean he wanted to be completely cut off from the world, which is how he felt most of the time since he’d become a Warehouse agent. He’d called Neeson a couple of times but it just made things worse. It’s not like he could talk about anything Warehouse related, and besides that, he had nothing to say. So he listened to Neeson’s stories, which just made him miss his team. So he had stopped calling. As much as he hated to admit it, his partnership with Sherlock really did have a huge impact on his day to day life since they were basically bound to the hip as soon as a ping was heard. And it was not like the madman was nowhere to be seen on their off days, finding new and inventive ways to destroy the flat. On good days, it was a non-artifact disaster.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you Mr Holmes. Glad to have you part of the team.” Ms Hawkins said with an honest smile. “Now back to business. Stamford, you said we have three days to get ready to audition for Morgan, but when is the studio available?”
Holmes didn’t sleep that night. He felt like an idiot for singing that song to Watson. Even if Watson had tried to explain himself, it didn’t change the fact that he left. But what was the most infuriating was that it didn’t stop Holmes from hoping. After all, Watson had come back and saved him. Had looked touched and hopeful when Holmes had sang to him last night.
“See you this afternoon,” Lestrade replied before turning to Watson. “Come on, I’m parked over there.”
“John, come to the office. Now.” Sherlock stated before the screen went blank. John closed his eyes and breathed slowly through his nose. It was all he could do to stop himself from throwing the Farnsworth as hard as he could.
“Good, so, what can you tell me about your Edward?” she asked, elbow on the table as she leaned her head on her hand, eager for his response.
“Yes, but even the biggest assholes know what being part of a team means. But with you, you barge in head first and I’m left to follow you best I can and pick up the pieces.”
In a way, the question was irrelevant. There was no way to predict these things and when Sherlock was involved, getting caught up in the force of nature she incarnated was inevitable.
Lestrade and Boyle are singing a barbershop song together and nailing it. Rosa and John pull up next to Boyle’s car just as their song ends. Boyle notices them and rolls down his window.
So when Sherlock heard the familiar crackling of electrical energy,that seemed to happen more frequently ever since John had started working as a Warehouse agent, he knew what was threatening to happen and had been for some time now.
John returned to the sitting room with the plate and a glass of water. Rather than handing the items to Sherlock, John took a piece between his thumb and forefinger, and held it out to Sherlock.
Boyle and Lestrade are watching the few people walking along the boardwalk. There is nothing suspicious.
Irene took her time to turn and look at Sherlock, her legs stretching as she twisted her body, showing off the curve of her back to John. She smiled and spoke patiently, mimicking the undermining tone John often heard.
Near the end of the bridge were stairs leading to the bank. As they made their way down, John could see the white suit beneath his trench coat. He stood in front of the steps and watched as Sherlock walked a large circle around the body.
Watson didn’t quite understand but didn’t want to argue. He needed space. He gently shifted from under Holmes’s head and sat up, fighting a sudden wave of nausea as he looked for his shirt.
“No, I wanted you to wake up to go to the warehouse. And what do you mean we’ve got a ping? I didn’t get a ping.”
Well, wasn’t this an interesting development, Mycroft thought at he pulled out his mobile phone and looked through his contacts. He waited patiently for the line to pick up and smiled when it did.
Watson laughed as the first chords rang and Adler’s face morphed into a scowl that was a perfect caricature of Holmes. If Watson had any doubts if she knew what the song really was about, it was clear now. “Wow. That is
Still drunk, and now in a post orgasm haze, Watson didn’t think twice about slipping his arm under Holmes’s head. Or how Holmes put an arm around Watson’s waist and pressed his head on his shoulder. Or how he smiled when he kissed Holmes on the top of his head.
“I swear he’s a whole other person,” Lestrade whispered, “I’ve never seen him smile so much, it’s so weird. I mean, I didn’t even think he could blush.”
John looked from the computer to the windows overlooking the... he wasn’t sure what to call it. The artifact storm? “So how do we fix it?”
Anderson took three deep breaths and focused on the music, which helped, but when they made it to the side by side sequence, he had to look away from Ms Adler. He ended up staring directly at Morgan, which caused him to trip and fall.
“But you use the Farnsworth in here all the time.” He replied, pointing towards the Warehouse. Sherlock finally looked at John like he was explaining something to a child.
Watson blinked stupidly. He’d never really had a chance to talk at length with Wilder, but he had seen his work and respected him. “How do you know that?”
“Says the man whose very mission is to look for a violin that can destroy a city.” John huffed humourlessly.
Holmes tapped his fingers on the script harder. “Who asked the audience? They don’t know what they want, they’re a bunch of idiots. They won’t care what it’s about if it’s good. Isn’t that how this business works? You make money by making good movies?”
He stopped himself, closed his eyes, shook his head. “You, uh.” Watson cleared his throat. “You should probably head back before Lestrade starts looking for you.” He tightened his hold on the door handle.
“So she’s spending all of your inheritance money, and how is that my problem?” Sherlock retorted, seeing through the man’s act. The man hesitated a moment but kept moving towards the agent.
“Oh for god’s sake, there must be some reason they put a doctor in an elite task force. Shoot the guards!” The man spat impatiently at the soldier, his tone dripping with condescension. The soldiers blue eyes darkened before he squared his jaw. He checked the threat again before slipping his arm around and firing.
Ms Hawkins eyes widened. “You gave Watson notes directly?” She turned to Stamford. “I swear I told him to talk to you.”
“I’m going to whisper something in your ear, and you have to promise to keep looking like we’re flirting,” Ms Adler said in a low voice.
“So you don’t care that you made that girl cry?” John reproached as he watched Sherlock move a bucket of goo over to the table.
Watson watched Small struggle to open the kit, and clumsily sort through it to find a band-aid. With another brief exchange of looks between them, Small turn and walked out.
John’s physical attraction wasn’t a surprise. It had been obvious from the start, badly hidden beneath a layer of aggressiveness. Sherlock had simply stored it away in his mind palace with the rest of the facts about John. When he was particularly stroppy, Sherlock may have used it to his advantage once or twice. He had always been fascinated by the human brain’s ability to feel anger towards someone and yet still be sexually attracted to them. How anger and sexual desire could mix together in a way that made his pulse jump in ways he hadn’t felt in years. He loathed admitting it to himself but it scared him. It had been so long since he had met anyone not boring. He didn’t know if it was genuine or if he was just wrapped up in the simple pleasures that came with a new distraction that will inevitably lose its novelty and become boring.
Watson ran most of the way to the Studio, ran up to the office. He didn’t even take off his coat, just found a pen and started writing. Once he had everything on paper, Watson made his way down to the rehearsal studio. He threw his coat on the floor, sat down at the piano in his tuxedo, and played the chord progression that kept repeating itself in his head.
The sight of Irene twisting the black leather, her presence filling the air as she eyed the struggling agent, the anger in his partner’s eyes as he fought his invisible bindings; John could feel the heavy sensation in the pit of his stomach. If there were any chances of him intervening, they were gone; he was too stunned by the sight to move.
She whined as John’s mouth disappeared off her breast and kissed its way down. Sherlock opened her eyes and caught sight of John’s devilish stare, face half hidden by pubic hair. Just that sight made her moan and drop her head back. It was a small pause before Sherlock felt a broad tongue lick from the base of her labia to her clitoris, making her lose the last of her conscious mind.
Lestrade smiled knowingly but focused on the case. “What’s this got to do with buying out Stamford productions?” He asked Holmes.
“25 seconds before cameras are back online. Go to the door on the east side wall. Target inside. Over.” Neeson and Watson took care of the civilians while Jones and Rogers went to the door. Watson stayed next to them, huddle along the north side wall, with his gun towards the door on the west side wall. Neeson checked the room for hidden surprises. Jones smiled while he walked to the east door with Rogers.
Sherlock was about to tell the man off for insulting him with an offer as petty as money when John grabbed the cash.
“Just, let me talk to her.” John insisted as they walked up to the front door of the woman who had won the online auction.
The comment made Watson think of his new story. At this point in the process, he couldn’t deny that most of the ideas he had on paper, the few key scenes he had managed to write, everything had been inspired by Holmes. But Watson wasn’t ready to admit it, much less to Holmes.
Watson wasn’t sure what to say. Everything he did want to say was meant for only Holmes’s ears. He bit his lip and tried to focus on being supportive. “It’s just one song. Sing whatever you feel like singing.”
“Right.” John breathed deeply before putting a bored look on his face. “Act as if you’re interested by this stuff.” He told Sherlock, nodding towards the racks of clothes. He then slowly turned around, his eyes looking everywhere, swiping a look across their target every now and then.
Pushing aside his frustrations, John focused on the task. He leaned into Sherlock’s shoulder so Mycroft could see him. “I’m going to need some more hands for this one.”
Watson felt the urge to burst out laughing. It felt surreal, being one of the only people in the room that knew what was really going on. Then again, they really didn’t, or else they wouldn’t be investigating. But it was… nice, feeling included in the secret.
Lestrade, who had moved close enough to listen in, didn’t try to stop him. He kept his eye on Holmes. The room stayed silent until the studio door closed behind Watson.
Sherlock bit his lip. He hadn’t expected that to come out. He’d been thinking about it, of course, but this wasn’t how he would have chosen to say something. And certainly not while getting stitches.
“We?” He had had enough of mystery people for one day. Seeing as the man wasn’t going to clarify more, Watson
“Fine.” Morgan whipped his scarf over his shoulder and walked off set, the exit door slamming shut behind him.
With his free hand, John gripped the hair on the back of Sherlock head, just above his neck, and pulled. It wasn’t particularly painful, but John had complete control over his mobility. It was degrading; Sherlock felt like a cat being held down, yet his cock remained hard.
John chuckled nervously. “I’d say so, yeah.” His cheeks warmed. Part of his mind thought of the sensation of being pressed against him, but he knew Sherlock was talking about the book and meeting Anthony Bishop. John looked down the street; the sight of old Chicago, of what he had been imagining since he’d been a young teenager still felt unreal. He couldn’t explain the simple joy he was experiencing just standing here, after having solved a case. He looked up at his partner and smiled, happy to see it returned. He already knew this case would be a fond memory, in more ways than he could have expected.
“It’s ok.” She waved her hand as if to erase the last question. “And now, 5 years later, he has to go after it again.” She concluded, shaking her head. “It’s like Murphy’s law. Or is it karma?”
Do you think Holmes and Watson will risk their lives and the adrenaline rush will give them that little push to finally confess their love to one another and kiss in the sunset?
“For that brilliant shade of pink on your arse.” John slightly scratched his nail along the skin to prove his point. “It will help with the pain.”
It took John a moment to answer, still dumbstruck from the sight of a healthy Sherlock. John was also concerned about any side effects given the way his partner was acting. Sherlock staring wasn’t new, neither was ignoring a question, but the deer-in-headlights look definitely was.
At least he was included in the meetings, and frankly he didn’t mind keeping Lestrade company. They had never gotten a chance to get to know each other. It was nice to get a free meal out of it too.
“But why lock it up? If it can regrow limbs and organs, why not use it? It could save thousands, millions of lives.”
John’s voice in his head made Sherlock lick his lips. With a shaking breath, he raised his hips off the couch, and slid his trousers and pants to his knees. With his now very hard cock exposed, he grabbed the base and bit his lip.
“Oh.” Holmes was relieved, and a bit disappointed he had missed that about her, but acted surprised. “
Special thanks to Hubblegleeflower for helping me with the movie titles for every character's filmography. And again to the wonderful may-shepard for helping me finally find the title of this movie. (because of course it would be the last thing I figure out WHILE I'm posting the fic LOL)
John then saw the situation from a bird eye view and knew he should be trying to figure out how to get the crop out of Irene’s hands. It’s what any good agent or soldier would do. This woman is a guest and has no place playing with artifacts.
“That’s the best cover. Most people don’t need much convincing; they just don’t want to believe what artefacts can do is true.
Sherlock was sitting on the experiment table, his legs hanging off the edge, his blood soaked shirt in a plastic bag behind him. “I could just hide the tags.”
“Well, hello there.” The words spilled out of John as he took in the sight of her. Sure, the black and white was making it weird, but at the sight of a woman as beautiful as that, it didn’t matter to John what color she was.
Jake and Amy look from Sherlock to each other. Amy’s ‘deer in headlights’ look intensifies. Jake gapes.
They went their separate ways for the remainder of the break. Lestrade went back to his guard post. Morgan went to his chair and moped while Ms Hawkins fetched him coffee. Stamford and Ms Hooper headed over to Ms Adler’s dressing room.
“Stop hiding behind bureaucracy. As much as I hate the prospect of it, I’m aware there is a possibility that the GPS can be tampered with. But there was no need for you to inform us in person. You could have texted, called, or gone directly to Mycroft. So why make the trip at all? I’d hardly believe you’re looking for a new client; you know I’m not interested and John isn’t in your price range. If you’re seeking information, he doesn’t know anything you don’t already know. And even if he did, I would be even more surprised if he talked, since his background as a soldier gave him a high level of loyalty as well as training in interrogation techniques, however
John eyed Sherlock over his shoulder, shook his head and went back to scrubbing. “Does that mean I have to wait until someone commits a crime to get a text from you?”
It didn’t make sense to Watson. Not really. The idea of being with Holmes, not just in the darkness of the night but, in his life. Sharing his life. It felt like something that was possible in theory only, not in reality. Not like it was with a woman. It was easy for Watson to picture himself with a woman, he had even described multiple renderings of it in his scripts.
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest and stopped himself just in time. Why was Lestrade being so amenable? He didn’t normally agree this quickly.
“So what did Irene do to deserve your dangerous criminal tag, all the while getting special treatment from Mycroft?”
John brushed back Sherlock's hair to look at his stitches, then rested his hand on the nape of his neck, a soothing warmth over tense muscles.
Ms Adler cut in with a scoff. “To prepare for his audition, he learned three songs, including choreography, in three days.” She leaned back in her seat. “And you know me boys, I don’t work with just anybody.”
“Really John, didn’t you learn this at the academy? Because with the set up we’re investigating, the GPS is bait and we’re the fish they’re trying to catch.”
Watson kept his eyes on the leading couple. Every time Ms Adler would burst out laughing she would touch Holmes; his arm, his shoulder, sometimes his hand. She never did that with Anderson. Then again, she barely spoke to Anderson. Ms Louise made Holmes turn his head, which made him look directly at Watson. He had the urge to turn away, to leave, but he was lost in Holmes’s piercing stare. It was almost a relief when Ms Louise stepped between them to finish her work.
The Farnsworth rang loudly in the Caretaker’s suit jacket. The sound was breaking the peace of his home office, filled only with the muted sound of London traffic.
There was a click as the lock came undone, and with a quick tug, Holmes opened the back of the truck wide enough to slip in to inspect the cargo. Watson took a last look at the building before squeezing himself between the truck and the fence to make it to the back. Watson stuck his head into the opening.
“No!” John called out as he struggled to his feet to stop him. He moved as fast as he could to get to it first. But he didn’t make it in time. Grabbing the knife, the man turned, blindly stabbing towards John. It cut through his left shoulder; he could feel the blade coming out the back. Ignoring the pain, his right hand caught the man’s wrist and tightened until he let go of the handle. With a frightened look, the owner started backing away. John grabbed him by the shirt and head butted him, watching him fall unconscious on the pavement. He turned to see how Sherlock was doing, until he noticed that the blade had started glowing and his shoulder was turning into glass.
John’s soft voice felt like a knife twisting in Sherlock’s gut. His head hung low when John put down his tea and stood. A few minutes ago he was planning to tell John to leave, and now he was worried he had ruined the evening by disobeying. Shame overtook what was left of Sherlock’s arousal.
Thanks again to @nautilicous, Fox Courage and Zala for saying YES to participating in this project. You are the best and can't wait to thank you again in person next summer.
“I’ll take my chances.” Bishop answered in a steady voice as he looked towards Lily with loving eyes.
The red halo around her face gave her snarky temper a sexy edge. Sherlock occupied herself with covering her shoulders with a towel, gently brushing aside her hair.
Sherlock wondered if he should get Molly and pose as a fake couple. Given her reaction when they came into the shop, it was probably for the best not to involve her.
“Sherlock!” John exclaimed, moving to grab him with both arms so he wouldn’t fall to the floor, cursing the riding crop in his other hand. Looking around, John knew they didn’t have much choice than to hide in the nearest place possible. “Come on.” He urged Sherlock, helping him stand straight. “In there.” He nodded towards the book store on their left. They moved as best they could through the frozen crowd into the book store, spotting the door with
“A two-way audio and video communications device invented by Philo Farnsworth in 1929, soon after the invention of the television. It’s how we keep in touch. You press the button there and it will call whoever you want to speak to that has one of these.” Mycroft explained.
“Yes, just going over the scene.” Watson looked down at the script on his thighs and pushed down the urge to find and strangle Moriarty with his bare hands.
Pushing back the thought as far as he could because he absolutely did not want to know why he felt like that, John remembered he never did get to hear Sherlock’s side of the story in Qatar.
“There were days where,” Ms Hooper said, her soft voice filling in the awkward silence. “We’d stop shooting early because Morgan said so.”
Morgan frowned. “Are we still talking about the movie?” he whispered to Ms Hawkins, who shrugged, unable to look away.
Molly stared at the darkened cloth between John’s thighs and felt her mouth water. She only noticed Sherlock’s hand sliding up John’s thigh until it was already there, covering her mound with her hands and pressing against it with her thigh. John gasped loudly enough for Molly to hear it through the door. As muffled as it was by the wood and glass barriers, the sound sent a shiver down Molly’s back and landed heavily in her pelvis. Her breath fogged up the wired glass as John’s arms pawed at Sherlock, her control crumbling slowly under her touch. All she could do was hold on for the ride.
“The stairs and balcony will be up and ready.” Moran replied. “Paint will to be done after rehearsal. It’ll be ready for filming.”
Sherlock turned and listened to the low hum of the computer as he watched the closed door a moment before slowly turning his attention back to the work, actively ignoring the knot in his chest and the woman’s taunting words repeating in his head.
John replied, irritated. He didn’t know which was worse, the playlist in his head or his arse of a partner. He didn’t see Sherlock turn to stare at him over the head of the unconscious man they we’re carrying. The agent was realising the field surgeon had just been affected by an artifact and hadn’t let it affect the investigation. To be fair, hearing music wasn’t very threatening to the case, but John was taking the stabbing and the music rather well for someone who had had no idea artifacts existed only 24 hours ago.
Okay, she repeated to herself in an attempt to focus on something other than the tingling imprint of John’s hand on her face. She closed her eyes and took two deep breaths to center herself and focus on her olfactive senses before she leaned down, pushed her nose through the hairs, bumped the tip against John’s warm skin and inhaled deeply.
“Well, last night while we were walking, I uh,” Watson eyed Holmes. “I had a sudden idea and I didn’t want to lose it. So I came here right away and, well, here we are now.”
“Now now, it’s bad luck to curse the dead.” Manning told John as the artifact touched Sherlock’s skin, the image transferring from the box onto his hand, sliding up his arm. Sherlock couldn’t help but hiss in pain, struggling against the hold the riding crop had over his body. Manning smiled as he put the box back into his coat pocket and tightened his grip on the riding crop. Sherlock tried in vain to fight it as he watched his hand strangle his partner again. Manning bent down to the soldier fighting for air. “It was nice seeing you again Johnny Boy. Too bad we don’t have more time to catch up.” John stared up and smiled. “What’s so funny?” Manning asked.
They ate in silence for a moment, well, Holmes pushed his food around his plate. Digestion slowed down brainwork, and tonight he needed to be on high alert, not just with Ms Adler, but to manage the onslaught of information. Deductions about everyone kept popping into his head:
Sherlock held the phone between his palms and pressed the tip of his fingers against his mouth. He stared at the cobweb on the ceiling before heading into the sitting room. He should get Mrs Hudson’s broom for that.
“Better than what it’s doing to me right now.” Sherlock answered as he pulled of his shirt, and turned his back to John who saw what could only be described as a tattoo on Sherlock’s left shoulder blade. The same image that had been on the box. Only now it had an orange glow to it that was in no way reassuring. John opened the jar and attempted to pour some over the tattoo, but it moved to a different place on his back.
They ran down the alley away from the sphere, taking a detour around it to head east. Besides the mean looking cloud above and the small earthquake they felt before going down a steel spiral staircase, nothing slowed them down as they raced to their goal.
“The same way I know about your drinking. Now stop pointing that at me, we don’t have much time.” The man said as he looked around the room. Watson kept his gun aimed at his chest, unmoving but struggling with what he was hearing.
Watson spent the rest of the afternoon on set, keeping Holmes under observation. He preferred not to take any risks, not at the point they were in the production. He wandered around, chatting with Angelo, then settled next to Lestrade, keeping each other company as they watched the room.
But there are other ways to set off artifacts. Some have unique triggers, but strong emotions seem to be common ground to all.
“John, I know it’s hard right now, but I can assure you that Sherlock likes having you as a partner.”She said as she put the polished artifact on the shelf.  John snorted a laugh. “I know he doesn’t show it, but I can see it, and so does the Warehouse.”
Now here was Holmes, who was following him like he already knew the choreography, after having watched him dance it twice.
“Oh, this and that, some things along the lines of the other day.” Sherlock answered vaguely as he sat in front of the steering wheel.
“By tracking unusual activity.” John blinked at him. The thickness of his partner constantly amazed him.
John continued to defend his favorite books, even though he knew there was little chance Sherlock would let up. “Just because you can’t be bothered to relax and enjoy things once in a while doesn’t mean you have to ruin it for everyone else.”
Ms Hawkins nodded. “I know, I know. Come one now, let’s go over the latest changes. Everyone turn to page twelve please.”
“No, just you.” Ms Adler replied softly. “And Ms Kate of course.” She paused, “But I think Ms Hooper suspects,” she said with a wicked smile. “You?”
Once John’s brain actually processed the question, he was at a loss as to what Sherlock was referring to. “Get what?” Until he remembered the artifact around his neck, forgotten with the familiar feeling of the chain dangling on his chest. “Oh, these? Over there.” He pointed behind them. A full blown adrenaline and endorphin high was clouding John’s brain, or he would have been careful about his choice of words as he turned back to his partner with a smile. “Guess they worked.” He said with a nervous laugh.
“Yes, he was looking into it with his previous partner, until...” Her eyes looked past John, her hand unconsciously making its way to her necklace. John waited patiently for her to continue. He would never admit it, but he really was curious as to what happened to Sherlock’s old teammates. It was only fair, since he knew what had happened to John’s old team. “Well, let’s just say that case lasted long enough that he chased it alone for a long time. Come to think of it, he hasn’t had a partner since... the last one, and that was... my, it was 5 years ago. Hum, that’s curious...”
“How can you devote your life to saving lives and yet care so little for humans in general?” John asked, struggling to keep the anger in his voice under control.
“Now. Give me one good reason why I should even consider letting you grab what you came here for.” He wasn’t prepared for the man to smile.
“Morgan, enough,” Stamford insisted. “You knew this is what I was hiring you for. We’re already over budget, we can’t afford to reshoot.”
