“You are terrifying.” Tommy said shaking his head.
“Classified information that we weren’t even supposed to know.” Azari nodded. “I am going to contact my father and get an update on what will happen. We can narrow down a timeline. I will also inform him that we will have an extra person.”
“Wait what’s their name?” Tommy asked, his interest suddenly peeked.
“It’s a process Ko Ko. It just takes time.” He said as kielar brought his suitcase in. “You’re done already Kie?”
“Anna…” Remy started before she kissed him and he felt himself being drained just a bit.
“Hank and Janet are not Joining us either, though they said they would speak to their son Henry about it.” Tony added.
Laura took a breath. “And you James. You are supposed to be the level headed one of the family. Not starting fights with him. You were raised away from all this chaos and the fighting, the only reason you know anything is because of our dumb ass big brother. The only reason you are even in America and ever gave Xavier’s a chance is because of Akihiro. The only reason you were able to build this safe haven, is because you built connections with people. You both think Logan didn’t know that you two had teamed up. You think he didn’t know about some of the things you two did together out in the field, but he did and he has been proud. And yes, if those executions were real, he’s gone.” She stepped away from them. “But you know the three of us won’t let them keep his body, and I know that it has already run through your heads that we’re going to get them back, We will get the ones they took from us, and we won’t stop until we do.”
“This will be our last vlog for at least a month, we are preparing for a big move.” Mara added, her voice the same as Francis’. “We will be expanding our adventures.”
Kielar took a step back, keeping his eyes on Tony, and then glancing at Steve, who gave him a nod.  Next, he looked at his friend, who seemed as terrified as he was. Kielar then nodded. “Okay. OKay.” he said before running past Steve and into the bedrooms, not stopping as he phased right through the walls of the building before running down the side. “Don’t stop. Just run. Just run. Tony said to run” he whispered to himself.
“I can try to contact Natasha.” Mara said.
“Daken! Slow down” he heard Johnny call.
“You told me to stop you if I thought you were going to hurt yourself. We have them, they’re going to be safe and we are going back to the compound. We can get you isolated so you can get your emotions in check.” James told her. “No more fighting.” The two remained silent for a moment as six more mutants moved past them, and Daken followed them. “When we are in the air, we can have Hades get rid of the trucks, if you do anything else you will be compromised.”
So they found themselves with two teenage boys most nights. Steve often commented on how they had gotten lucky with how easy it was with the two of them. Tommy had always been an independent kid and had altered little. It always astonished the super soldier how much his son was like Tony in most aspects and having not gained the super soldier aspect during the cloning process. While it disappointed many in the outcome, it satisfied Steve. He didn’t want him to have to live up to any more expectations. The world already looked at Thomas James Stark-Rogers enough.
“You were tracking my phone weren’t you?” He asked her as the two sat down at a table together. “I know your ways Desiree, and I know you knew what today was.”
He looked up at a billboard and rolled his eyes seeing the current president's face plastered on it. “Kevin, fucking Kevin Trask, just decides to turn this world upside down. Decides to be SELFISH!” Tommy suddenly yelled. “FUCK YOU KEVIN TRASK!” Tommy dropped down onto the ground, still glaring up at the billboard. “I am in the middle of nowhere because of you. You know, what? I don’t even understand this. Your own father was a mutant, Larry, man you two have boring names. It took three generations for your family to do this. Why couldn’t you have learned from your dad and grandfather's mistakes? You won’t win this you dick. You are just going to piss off the wrong people.” He fired his repulsor ray from his hand, right into the billboard. “Pretty sure you already have.”
“Go two streets over and load onto the jet.” He ordered, “Lead the others and get them to safety. We have your back.” He assured her as he grabbed the next person as the girl jumped down. She looked around her at the fire and bodies in the street, the reality of the night hitting her hard, Jade Summers reached up and touched the collar around her neck. As she pulled herself from her own daze she caught sight of a soldier coming toward her.
“We’re proud of you boys, despite one of you ending up on the internet.”
“We won’t Anna, ya do what y’ need t and get outa here.” Henri told her.
“We lost again because our new quarterback doesn't know any of the plays and Kielar is still being stubborn.” Karla grumbled as she sat next to her uncle. “What are they arguing about now?”
“Hey Mara. No more knives for the six year old okay?” the girl just shrugged. “I mean it.” Bucky stopped and watched her movements before speaking again. “You holding up okay?”
Daken waited for the tires to blow on the vehicle before motioning for the team to move in. The sound of the metal hitting the concrete made him wince and saw his brother do the same. As the soldiers climbed out of the vehicles, he watched as his team went into fight mode. He moved to the back of the trucks and popped his claws before cutting open the side of the vehicle to let the captured mutants out. He reached his hand in and felt someone grab hold of him, as he pulled the person out he realized they had found the mutants taken from Xavier’s School for the gifted. The red head looked at him with wide eyes as she was pulled out.
It had taken a while to get used to seeing Johnny as a father. When Crystal had come to him to care for the twins, she had been very open about the reason, and that she was trusting Johnny. In retrospect, Pietro Maximoff had screwed up and Crystal no longer trusted him with raising children. It still blew Reeds mind that she had gone back to her ex husband. Though, it had been a blessing for Johnny. He had grown up and taken responsibility for two humans that weren’t biologically his. It had made both Sue and Reed proud.
“Jett!” Kitty Pryde called out. “There you are, I was so worried. Cassandra, baby, are you okay,”
Chapter 2-
“Well, if Tommy is going, I obviously have to go.” Dakota said. “There is no telling what kind of trouble he would get into if left on his own in California. Kielar just goes along with whatever the idiot has planned.”
“Yep.” Francis answered simply. “I think New York has had enough of me for awhile. Cali will be a good change of pace.”
“You…” Bucky watched as his partner pulled his temper back as he tried to handle his brother. “Don’t ever do that again.” he growled. “I know you are upset, and I know Mouse is upset, and you are trying your best to handle the situation, but do not come after me.”
“Azari!” She smiled and hugged him. “It’s so good t’ see y’ again.” Azari had forgotten how thick the girls accent was. Desiree LeBeau was someone who had become a constant fixture in Azari’s life when they were younger. His mother was her godmother, and Ororo held Desiree’s father very close to her heart, so even though they were not blood, they were family. “I thought I saw y’ out there but I wasn’ so sure.”
“They  also cheated, the system says Clint Barton used his key for roof access.” Dakota laughed. “They’re clever. No work was put into that.”
“Akihiro, wait a second okay?” He heard Bucky next and he stopped in his tracks and took a breath before turning around. “I know you are upset. It is a lot to take in but you need to think about what you are going to do.”
“Yes mom, we had a meeting earlier. Everyone has gone back home or is in their room packing.” Dakota said as she sat in front of her computer, video chatting with her mother. She hadn’t waited a bit before making the call, wanting to take care of some of the packing before she got caught up in the video chat.
“Yes please.” Nicole smiled walking up next to Blaine. “So, when did this happen?”
“I know. I know. We heard. Dey told us y’ saw da telecast. But we’re here now, da family is here and y’ don’ gotta hold all of it on y’ shoulders no more.” He said and pulled her back into a hug.
“Yes Keegan?”
Let me know what you think!
“She doesn’t like authority…” Tommy tried to add.
_________________________________________________________________________
“Oh, shut the fuck up!” Tommy suddenly yelled. He knew it was a mistake as soon as the words left his mouth. Everyone turned toward him. “These people, and yes, I said people, because they are, and they have friends and  they have families. What happened last night in New York was against everything we as a nation stand for! This man that you are idolizing is splitting this nation apart because of your fears. You mentioned Kielar Storm, how he could take you out in a split second, but has he? No, because unlike most of you standing here, he has fucking morals. He is in the right state of mind and HE wouldn’t harm you. Obviously you do not understand that you have been living, working and befriending mutants for decades now, possibly centuries. Your meager little minds just can’t grasp it now because you are being fed lies and hatred. I bet you didn’t even know that the President's own father was a mutant! That family for three generations has had it out for mutants. So you can take your little tirade about Kielar fucking Storm and shove it up your ass because he has done more to HELP this country than your pathetic ass ever will.” Tommy turned to walk away as people started murmuring
It wasn’t long before Devon came barging in when he found out his brother had been released. For years he had been trying to get him out of S.H.I.E.L.D custody, despite their step-father putting him there. Needless to say the older twin was not on good terms with that part of his family. They had yet to meet Bruce either. Once Devon was there, he refused to leave unless his brother went with him as well.
“I have already told you dad, Mara and I are only friends. There are no feelings beyond that.” Francis said. “Besides, her brother is a bit more my type.” Clint turned to Francis and stood quietly. “What?”
“See, told you he would be a good addition.” Tommy grinned.
“Sshh. it’s how I think.” Dakota said, turning back to the computer with a smile. It was the small things right now, they would fix this as long as they could all come together.
“As clueless as ever.” he laughed at his brother.
“Because Steve, all three of them are passed out.” Natasha motioned. “I swear they can sleep anywhere.”
Hangar
“It wasn’t without trying.” Daken mumbled and moved toward the cabin. Before he could open the door Kestrel walked out and hugged him immediately. “Hey kid.”
“No, I want you three to remain here. Mara and Azari are both mutants, and they are prime targets. If you leave, they  will just follow. I’ll be fine. I just need to get my so-called genius brother to safety.”
Chapter 6
Mara Romanov- 68 (Physical appearance 17)
“They have a message board.” Dakota said. “They talk so much crap about some of those teachers on there. You should have seen Ben Worthington after LeBeau and Ross got a hold of him.”
“I mean, we knew this was coming right?” Azari asked. “We knew, and we have trained and we have prepared. My mom, those kids…” his hand covers his mouth to keep calm as he shuts his eyes and takes several breaths. James gently touches his arm, Francis steps closer and puts his hand on his shoulder. “I’m not leaving any of you. If the choice comes for me to stay and fight with you or go home to Wakanda, I am not leaving. You three will come with me, or I will remain here, they will not have a choice.”
“She wouldn’t tell me over the radio.” He told him. “Shouldn’t be long though, quinjet is pretty fast. Is everyone strapped in?”
“Does he not have a filter?” Tony asked Natasha.
“Kielar did say it was the best kept secret. I wonder how many people he brought here himself. There are so many, yet,” Renee paused. “Not nearly as many as you would think there would be Viv.”
“Azari, my sister has no interest in Francis other than as a friend. Francis..” he paused and started again. “Has stripped,”
“Flit, you are a terrible liar. “
“Yeah yeah, but can you track it?” he asked again.
“It was decided a while back that we wouldn’t immediately end up at the same location. It was better if we split up so if one of us was followed.” Kielat explained. “We had a feeling Steve and Tony wouldn’t get out scot free, they never go down without a fight.”
“Dad, look, we both know that it’s going to happen one day. And hey, we’re here at the range so we might as well talk about it right?”
“It’s been awhile, you think they’ll remember us kid?” Clint asked, and Francis rolled his eyes. “Yeah yeah I know. We’re pretty unforgettable.” The two fell into another silence as they walked into the building to check in, The man behind the counter gave them a wave and giving them access to the range immediately. “So. California. You sure about this?”
“We’re family. There was no question about me being there for you, if you need anything just let me know. I’ll be there.”  James said.
“An’ I didn’ raise no quitters.” Jean Luc told them and kissed the top of Desiree’s head.
“I’m bi-sexual, and I just got out of a relationship with Torrun. I don’t think I need to jump into anything else just yet, you know? And yeah, I know you are cool with it. I just never had interest anyone worth mentioning.”
“And the Baxter building?” Kielar asked. “I still have no connection to my sister. I can’t…”
“Your Uncle is coming to get us.”
“I don’t doubt that she would.” Clint laughed. “We should go pack up for California.”
“Dey got t’ree generations t’ get through.” Henri added.
“I did, I’m going to get my family here safe. At least the ones I can.”
“Almos’....jus’ a few more trucks.” She told him turning back around, only for him to grab her wrist. “Ookami.”
“Do not make you kick you in the fucking head again Akihiro.”  Laura snapped.
(See the end of the chapter for
The silence overtook again as the group fell deep into thought. James moved over to Desiree and sat down next to her, a phone pressed to her ear, “Hey Mama, Papa, Its Des! Ah hope ya’ll are okay, ah know its late but ah just...ah wanted t’ hear ya’lls voices. Ah’m okay. We made it home safe and our friends are wit’ us. Ah love ya’ll.” she said, trying to make her voice more peppy than she felt at that moment. As she hung up her phone she leaned her head against James’ shoulder and shut her eyes. “Ah wish ah coulda done more” she told him tiredly.
“Okay, so I am finding this to be the greatest thing ever. They didn’t even want me around. S.H.I.E.L.D literally tried to stop my creation and now they want me to be on a team THEY create. What kind of bullshit is this?” Tommy asked. “And they are not going anywhere near Kielar. And if that bastard Johnny Storm tries to sign anything requiring Kie to go, well, they’re going to really wish they had…”
Reminder that Mara, who makes an appearance in the chapter, was created by LeviathanNightmareGirl.
“I think letting them make their own decisions was the best idea. I would not have gone if the boys had said no.”
“Where are they?” Johnny asked.
“L.A is NOT safety.” James snapped at him, then pinched the bridge of his nose. “Is Kielar here?”
“Anna Marie Darkholme, you are to be moved to a mutant encampment under the new law in place by President Trask.”
“James?” Tommy asked, eyes going big. “So you were here!”
“What was that about?” Johnny questioned after hearing his name.
“Natasha isn’t responding either.” Mara said.
“Isn’t that the truth.” Dakota sighed. “You seem to be doing okay.”
“Or maybe you're more like Pietro than everyone thinks and you're just selfish and wanted to save yourself.”
“Got it Mama.” Aislin said as she set it up. “Here ya go. Ya just speak into it, and ya should be heard. Just remember there might be others on here listenin’” Laura nodded.
“I will answer everything when I come back. I promise.” Kielar said just before disappearing. Renee turned and looked at the building in front of her, taking a deep breath and stepping inside.
“Nope, I think he just threatened to withhold sex if I did anything stupid, and I will not test that.” Francis shrugged. “But we still have this and can keep an eye on things.”
“I don’t know what the rules are around that school of yours but around here you will shut your god damn mouth” Daken growled. “Spreading that shit will do more harm than good.”
“We shouldn’t split up so much.” Azari joined the conversation.
Kielar sat in the meeting room with a large pair of headphones on, lost in the loud music he didn’t notice Desiree LeBeau take a seat next to him. She waited a moment and tried to get his attention before she tapped him on the shoulder. He jumped, nearly falling out of his chair and ripped the headphones off. “Jesus you scared me.”
“No thank you, I will be eating with Francis tonight.” She informed him. “Are we staying here all night and going home tomorrow?” Mara questioned, grabbing her overnight bag and placing it on the bed. “We always pack one just in case, but I wasn’t sure what we were doing.”
“So you two schemed?”
Laura went to respond when Kestrel poked her head out the door. “Hey Mama, we turned the shortwave radio on and we got a message from a LeBeau. They’re looking for safety. The name sounded familiar…” Laura immediately dropped the wood she was carrying and ran inside.
“They don’t…” Tony started.
Maybe not with a certain red-head, though. Tommy stopped in his tracks as he thought about his pseudo sister. She was going to be the one to worry about. Dakota hated when Tommy pulled stunts like this. The blond made a note to contact her as soon as he could. “Alright TJ focus, don’t worry about Kota, and just...where would James be, stick in the mud James would probably have stayed home on his night off. But he has Francis who is a partier and actually fun. Then Azari, who has a good middle ground between them to be sensible. Mara probably stuck with Francis because he attracts trouble. If news got out about what happened in New York, they would have found a safe place. Come on Tommy you are the smart one in the family, where the fuck would they go.” he whispered to himself as he looked around at his surroundings. “Where the fuck am I exactly?”
“Ah’ve been ready for a while now. Let’s shut dim down.” She said, her red eyes glowing in the darkness. “They’ll get da message when we’re finished.”
“We’re practically family Kielar. And that is what family does.” Dakota smiled. “So, why don’t you sit down and try to locate the other half of the Avengers in California. I found James, Azari, Francis and Mara. We are still going to have to find Blaine, Devon, Nicole and Ryan. Their photos are right here if you need them. They were not at the compound when it was raided so we need to trace their footsteps and remove anything caught on camera, because we won’t be the only ones looking for them.”
“Well, in California that will be different. And Tony won’t be allowed in the kitchen.” Steve said.
“Oh, plan? No we were just winging it. “ Francis shrugged as he climbed into the car. “We don’t exactly plan any of the vlog stuff. It just...happens.” he admitted. “Maybe you can be on a vlog with me sometime. You can’t be Bow though, I have a reputation to keep. You can be Ho for the day. I’m sure Mara would find it hilarious.”
Emotions are high and confrontations are made.
“And they arrested me because our step-dad is a politician and happened to know somebody on the inside. I found out I was supposed to be released a month after my arrest, and instead they added twenty-three more months and gave me no outside contact with the world.” Blaine admitted.
As the armored glove disappeared, the helmet surrounded his head. “Hey Jarvis, just so I am no longer talking to myself, you have any idea where I am?” he questioned
--------------------------------------------------------
“They aren’t cool” Devon insisted.
“What’s going on?” he asked sleepily. “Kie?”
“I want an honest answer, who from the Fantastic four are they considering?” Tommy asked. “I have to prepare him ahead of time.”
Year- 2038
That one man became the most powerful person in the United States, and that one man made promises that people wanted kept. The older generation spoke volumes, remembering the times when they dealt with the mutant crisis decades before. They blamed others for the lax laws toward them, demanding to reintroduce the registration act.
That had been another shock, he had known that Daken had changed over the years, especially since he had connected with Fantastic 4 all those years ago. Seeing him again, brought back more memories than he knew he had, having shoved them to the back. Seeing him with a young boy, brought back memories of his own kids being young, and brought forward regrets. He heard some of the kids from Xavier’s School talking about how a speedster saved them. He heard the West Coast Avengers talking when they got there, called Kiela their captain America, even though he operated on the east coast with Tommy Stark.
“Princess, I need you to step back.” he instructed. Karla slowly took a few steps back before her father lit up in flames. It had been awhile since she had seen him use his abilities. Most of the Fantastic Four had stepped down in their roles as superheros. “Come through me first.” he said before shooting flames toward the soldiers. The soldier's moved forward, only to hit an invisible forefield. Johnny remained on fire, but now his sister stood between him and the others.
“From what I gathered from those here, they didn’t know about this location and went to other locations around the world. Some of them didn’t survive. Bobby Drake, Lorna Dane and Scott Summers' bodies were recovered from Xavier’s. Warren was taken in after they went to his home, so was his son. His daughter was brought here and both Elizabeth and Shae were in England, so they are safe. Pryde got her daughter out and her son is here. She went to England with a group and they made it safely. Most of them are the younger children from the school, Emma Frost was with them with her son and youngest daughter, Renee is here though. I believe they have been contacted. Nobody has heard from Logan. Laura and her four kids made it off the Guthrie farm, but not the entire family made it. I think they lost Sam and Paige, but it hasn’t been confirmed.” he paused. “We don’t know the location of most of the LeBeau’s, Rogue was taken into custody.”
“Why are we flying commercially? We have a private jet.” He asked. “You know I don’t do well in coach.”
“Have you identified who it is?”
“There is way more to it than that, but we don’t know Kielar very well, he said his sister was in the Baxter building didn’t he? Johnny had twins, and then there is Franklin and Micah that are also around.” Jett explained.
Slipping his lab coat off, the scientist set it down on his chair before heading to the elevator. Once he arrived on the floor and stepped out, he smiled seeing his family. It had been difficult for a while. Franklin was away more regularly, and they rarely saw Mica. While the home seemed more empty, it remained lively. Karla always expressed herself animatedly, and her stories from her school life entertained them greatly.
“No, you’re fine...it’s fine.” James said and turned bright red.
“Bet you thirty if you did that I would film it and send it to Bobbi.” Clint countered.
“Pretty sure it was the Barton kid Jim, I think I heard him make a comment about America’s ass being hereditary.” Tommy piped up and raised an eyebrow at James. “He isn’t very discreet about anything, I don’t know how you didn’t notice.”
“Probably because nobody wanted him there around the children,” Clint said. “But you know what Cap, I'll trust your judgment until he does something to screw up.”
“That is because you are hiding out in here. They’re putting on movie, come hang out with us until your friend messages you. You don’t have to be alone.” James paused. “You going to be okay with going to this new training place? I know you said you were but,” he asked leaning against the door frame with his arms crossed. “You don’t seem as into as the others.”
“Maybe we can go for a walk?” Blaine asked.
“Whatever helps you sleep at night TJ. I’m not the reckless one.” Kielar said with a laugh.
_____________
Ryan O’Hare had joined S.H.I.E.L.D at a young age. They had recruited him with several others, but joined the West Coast Avengers team in the end,  because of one Francis Barton. He had been awestruck when he met the other boy, a fan of Clint Barton, and the reason he took up using a bow and arrow as his preferred weapon. Francis didn’t ask questions about his past like most people, he just questioned the future. When they hit it off, he started inviting him on missions with him, one's outside of S.H.I.E.L.D. They had notably pissed off several higher ups when they did this, but it was after the mission with the original Hawkeye, then the decision had been made for him to step back from the agency, at least for a time. He couldn’t just leave, he had to bring his closest friends. Nicole Coulson.
“I think you’re losing your touch old man.” Francis laughed as they walked back to the car. “At Least you know who I was taught by, if it were from anyone but you, you would be offended, but I really did learn from the best.” He told his dad, as he bumped shoulders with him.
“I know. Mara will be there though. We stick together. I had a feeling she would have said yes anyway, so I just went ahead and did it. I’m not letting her attend a school without me. You know that is what this pretty much is right? A school for training heroes. We don’t know what kind of people will be showing up and I have to be there for Mar.” he shrugged. “Besides, you’ll be there.”
“Go.” She reiterated and without hesitation he was gone.
“I’ll go pack.” Dakota told him. “I know I’m willing to give this a try.”
“Wow.” Devon said, his eyes wide in surprise.He glanced at him brother. “So I guess S.H.I.E.L.D is the center of a lot of our problems…” he commented. “They kept my brother for two years. They wouldn’t let me near him.”
“If you do I will be sure to discuss with you your feelings about that Howlett boy.” Azari threatened as he turned to the next page which had been the boy who had been asleep for half the meeting.
“It’s okay. Blaine told me a bit about what happened in his past. I’m glad he has friends like you.” Eliza smiled, handing him his order. “Here’s Devon’s as well.”
“I don’t want you in the middle of this Jay.”
A series of confirmations followed the orders, before the communicators fell silent on all sides. Ookami turned to a man, and a youthful woman who stood further back. “Let’s move.” The man told Ookami, who responded with a nod. “We follow the truck. The only mutant in that building would have been Karla Storm, the daughter of Johnny Storm. Many others are in original locations shown before the raid.” he paused and watched his two companions. “The convoy will have hostiles, we will have to go in with full force.”
“I don’t like the idea that S.H.I.E.L.D has their hands in this new project, but I trust the Avengers.” Mara admitted to the room. The others looked around at each other and it fell silent for a bit.
“Ah wouldn’t say it was convenient sugah, someone had to be alongside dat wild child of deres, he’s too chaotic t’ be out in da world on his own, if ya have down than think of it that they had an opportunity to have a babysitter for Iron Lad.” She said. Kielar let out a laugh which made Desiree laugh as well. The two then fell into a comfortable silence with each other.
“Plan to clean up Francis’ mess too” Mara said with a laugh. “He’s a disaster.”
“You try saying no to a kid with that much determination. I don’t see you telling your brother to back the fuck up.” Bucky countered. “And you have more kids with you. Can’t say no to them?” he paused. “I know you just rolled your fucking eyes at me Daken.”
As he spoke on the phone, he could only smile as his mother encouraged him to go forward as he had planned to do. She wanted him to do what was best for him, she always had. Being a hero had not been on the top of the list for the Prince of Wakanda, he knew it would potentially happen. His father had sent him to New York, to meet with the Avengers so he himself could get a better idea, T’Challa had made it very clear that whatever it was, it would be his decision and nobody else’s. Having that support from the two of them, was something he appreciated more than anything. He was able to make his own choices, and it allowed him to make mistakes growing up as well. It had taught him a different way to consider things in life.
“It was really easy.” Tommy said said. “The lights that shine as big as his ego. Yeah, that gave it away immediately. I actually forgot it was happening.Can we watch the movie.”
“No, I need another sandwich and some more running shoes. I can’t just stay back and hide while people are getting hurt. I’ve watched the news, and Johnny tried to hide it from us, but Steve and Tony said that it was important that I know what is going on in the world. And I know, I’ve known since that asshole entered the most powerful position in the nation, and I know that people want me to stay here. I can’t though, not when people need my help, and they do. I can’t just sit around and wait, I need to do something. So I’m going to make like five more sandwiches and then go for a run okay?” Kielar insisted, not back down.
“We are not here to discuss this. Maybe another time.” He told her, and received a shrug in response. “I am however very happy you gave me the information before I went in there. “
“I see it now. You don’t see it often but I can see how they are brothers now.” Tony laughed.
Anna rushed into the room. “Go now!” She called to them as she shut the doors and followed them all into the basement. “Dey ain’t here to hold back Rem.” She told her husband as they reached the hidden tunnel in the basement. “Ah need ya t’ get everyone t safety. Ya look after our boy and ya find our girl.”
“What about her? The face of mutants, the one who put up such a damn fight to give all of us so much attention?” Jade asked pointing to Desiree who was sitting against a tree.
Over time, the girl's face faded from the media, but her voice was still out there for those who needed it. She never stopped fighting the war that was raging, even though she lost her personal battle. They wanted her to give up. She pushed back in a way they had not expected. Not with violence, but with words. They wanted her to incite fear, but what she gave was hope. They wanted her to divide the mutants and unknowingly brought them together by trying to use the child.
“I don’t think it would have mattered. We didn’t know the attack was coming. It was out of everyone’s control. We can’t place blame on the people who are helping us. We..”
“Here is your shield.” Francis smiled, quickly covering up what he was about to say. “I always keep them on hand when we are away from home. Be careful, don’t let him get you into too much trouble.” he handed James a miniature shield that James immediately enlarged to the correct size.
“I didn’t call you because I wanted you to pick me up, I am staying with Mara and Azari. I will not come to S.H.I.E.LD.” Francis suddenly snapped, catching the trio's attention. “No mom, I just want to know what the hell is going on.” There was silence for a moment,  Francis went pale. “Our training facility was raided? No, we weren’t there, we’ve been out. It was our, but New York. Okay. Yeah. Yeah I’ll make sure we stay off the radar…”
“Our name is fine dad, Mara and I decided it together, it fits us. You wouldn’t even know it was our account if you hadn’t caught us uploading the episode a couple months ago.”
“I saw that news report, you really hurt Johnny’s ego taking him down in front of all those people Cap.” Clint said trying to lighten the room a bit. “Probably one of your better moments.”
“That exact one.” Tommy answered, a grin plastered on his face.
“They will also try to alter what I am doing. They do it every time, and they team up against me.” Tony argued.
He could hear screaming in the background and yelling. Then Ororo’s voice broke through.
(See the end of the chapter for
“As long as you promise to never broadcast Stark Tower on your blog again.” Tony answered, and the two froze. “And make sure you give that access card back to your dad.”
“It’s something that I took upon myself to learn. When I found out Pete wasn’t my biological father, I started making a family tree. I felt that it was pretty important to know the history. When I got done with my own, I started branching out to others. It’s a jumbled mess honestly. Especially when you bring in the clones and alternate timelines.”
“They won’t touch him” Steve spoke up. “We’ll make sure of it.”
“You know, if this were any other family, I would be concerned.” James said standing next to Steve with his arms crossed. “I don’t know how you do it everyday, I’m just here when I want to be.”
For James, this was calm. They weren’t getting into trouble as long as Francis remained with Azari, but they weren’t the only members of the team there. Unfortunately, that meant trouble would most likely brew soon. It was as though his sister, Mara Romanov, had read his mind at that moment, as she sauntered over to his partners, leading Francis into the crowd. Azari crossed his arms and huffed, but made his way back to James a few seconds after.
Kielar turned to Vivienne. “Okay, so the easiest way for me to carry you is bridal style. Will you be okay with that?” He asked.
She remained in a coma for two months, unable to defend herself. Her family fought for her. Her family stood up for the girl they knew she was. They fought for her when she couldn’t fight for herself. That family did everything they could. When she woke up, her father was at her side. When she woke up, she had a lot to say.
“That’s interesting. S.H.I.E.L.D has no business in our system.”
_________________________________________
“Yes. everyone else either escaped or…” Jett answered.
“Stark was selfish and wanted to just save his own.”
“Pretty sure you deserved that one, we’re letting it slide TJ.” Tony told him as he sipped his coffee. “Now for the subject at hand.” he paused and looked at Mara “Wait. Your boyfriend is checking out your brother? I am hearing this correctly?”
“She’ll be safer without us around. They will only question…” Nicole began.
“I love you too, baby. Stay safe. Vivienne, don’t let him do anything stupid.”
“It was fine, how was yours?” Johnny smiled, sitting across from her as Sue sat across from Reed. “These late dinners give Reed an excuse to work later you know, he might not do so well when football season is over.”
“Fine, one dance.” James gave in. “But just one.”
“Because I followed everything you did when you found out you were adopted by Johnny. You aren’t bad, but you left a trail I could follow. Now, less talk and more work.”
“It wasn’t a competition.” Mara said.
“My sister is down there already and Benjamin is in London with our mother, my father is not here either, so I have no issue clearing the property.”
“Parenting.”
“They won’t stop there. They have my dad and brother.” Vivienne said. “Oh god, they have them.”
“Nobody leaves before their cameras go out.” Dakota said, “Wait, thats...thats Rogue isn’t it?”
“We’ll go with you, we have clearance.” Nicole said. “Ryan and I have clearance, we can get you in so they don’t see you as a threat immediately.”
So today was going to be a serious chat between the two. One that wasn’t nearly as bad as previous visits to the range. No, Francis had already made his decision, and it was based on the fact that he knew his father was going. They just had to talk about the arrangements and rules that were going into place, as well as the S.H.I.E.L.D aspect of it all. Clint parked the car and hit his hand on Francis’ leg to get his attention before the both got out of the car and went to the trunk to grab their weaponry.
“Be careful, Zar, your jealousy is showing.” James teased.
“I...I have worn the uniform quite a few times. Steve and Tony are a big part of my life and their son is training to take over for Iron Man, so it just made sense.”
“You follow me.” Dakota told them and led them into the building. “All phones will need to be placed there until we can have them checked, and you will need to walk through this scanner.” She instructed them. As they did, none of the machines went off and they continued inside. As they passed through two large doors and entered a large recreational area, Dakota turned back to them. “Welcome to the Legacy Compound.”
“You can also tell she’s a mom.”
“You are just looking for someone to blame Jade, we are all upset, we are all tired. “James tossed out. “We did everything we could..I know that doesn’t seem like enough, but we were five people out there and we didn’t get to any building in time to stop anyone from being hurt, taken or arrested. We did get all of you out though. We got to you before you ended up in that damn camp with those collars on for who knows how long.”
Let me know what ya'll thought!
Bruce Banner was the last to enter the room where the others were meeting. Having dropped of his son’s in the room below them where all the other teenagers had been left.	 As he walked in, all eyes went to the scientist who let out a sigh. “Sorry, Devon wasn't very cooperative,” he told them. “You know it is really tense down there with all those kids. Did anyone give them an explanation at all?”
This has hints of a suicide attempt, and mental illness.
“I’m so glad you are here. Is Uncle Jimmy okay?” she asked.
“Who is the leader then? If you say Desiree LeBeau then you are in for an earful” Jade told them. “Where is she? She didn’t even bother with this meeting?”
Moments later, metal hit concrete and shots were fired.
Bucky picked Keegan up and motioned to Mara to go toward and exit as the fight began to escalate. As they exited, James launched himself at his brother and the two started fist fighting, Laura on the sideline debating whether to intervene. Giving it a few minutes she rolled her eyes and walked over, kicking Daken in the head to get his attention and yanking James back by his shirt. “You two dumb asses are more like Logan than either of you will ever admit. Fuck.” she shoved James away. “How am I the goddamn voice of reason in this family? Logan was going to do whatever the hell he wanted whether or not someone joined him, and if you think you feel guilty now, what if you had been there? You do realize if it was a choice between you being taken and him, he would have protected you. Because that is what everyone is this stupid family does.” Laura yelled at them. “You think James didn’t care that you ran off to come get me and my kids? You are an idiot Akihiro and I will keep kicking your ass if you think that. You were there more for James than anyone else in the family, even when the Yashida’s tried to remove you from the picture. You pulled him from that house and protected him, even though your big bad reputation could have been ruined because you showed even an ounce of empathy toward someone. You practically raised James, why the hell do you think he stays so close to you all the time, because I can assure you that it isn’t your attitude.”
“I can get us there pretty quick. But it’ll have to be one at a time. My guardian told me exactly where to go. I will also have to eat something after the second trip because it will take a lot out of me to run that much.” Kielar explained to them.
“He’s right.” Eliza said. “He’s right. We need to go.”
“Trying to use our connection. It just. I feel nothing but pain when I try.” Kielar quickly wipes his face of the tears that had fallen. “When I was asleep, I heard her call out to me. Then, then there was nothing.”
“They taught me to be a lady, I don’t have vulgar habits.” Vivienne retorted, Jett let out a laugh, his friend quickly silenced with a  punch  in the arm. “Let’s go.” She instructed.
“Daddy!” a small voice called, darting past James and Desiree, followed by Bucky Barnes. The small boy launched himself into Daken’s arms and hugged him tight. As the boy was settled on the man’s hip, the two switched to sign language. Vivienne and Jade looked at each other and then back at them.
Secret compound- Canada
Before they had even announced that they were leaving though, they put in an appeal for Blaine Banner to be released. He had been arrested four years earlier and held at headquarters. The boy was quiet, very kind and caring. It had not been his fault he found out the hard way he had the Hulk inside him. When the won the appeal, they took him with them to the West coast compound. He didn’t do much field work, but he did do a lot of science, and that came in handy.
“Got it mate! Team Beta is in location Ookami.” a fresh voice, a male with an Australian accent replied.
“He’s not stopping, both Dakota and Kielar are on the computers trying to locate them and the West Coast Avengers, which also include Tommy Stark. Kielar brought in three survivors from Xavier’s, A Drake, Worthington and Wisdom. Scott Summers arrived with Kitty Pryde and a number of kids. Ororo had the second jet with a few others on it and they went to an Australia compound. I think the plan is to have John, Hayden and Kane take over for the adults with them so they can regroup with us. Bobby Drake was confirmed dead. It’s a lot for everyone to take in so we’re going to have to have someone who is able to convey things like this well, to do so when we get back.”
“Oh.” Eliza turned red in her cheeks. “It just sort of happened.” she said, making Nicole's order and handing it to her. “Maybe last week?”
“Mhm. Nikki realized I liked cookies, and would sneak them to me when she could. I like them. Ryan has this BIG admiration for Hawkeye, he talked a lot about him.” Blaine explained. “If they are the two that will be there, I would be okay with going. It’s the older agents that I don’t like, Agent Coulson was the exception. But I also don’t like fighting.” He added.
“We both know if I don’t want to do something, I won’t. We also know that I will do things I’m not supposed to do.” The teen shrugged. “I do what I want, it just happens to be connected to people I care about. I mean who else is going to get you and Nat to hook up?”
“So what now?” a deeper voice spoke up from the back. David Drake stood up and crossed his arms. “Because I can tell you right now there is now way I am going to sit back and watch the American government take mutants. I don’t know where my parents or sisters are, but I know what I am going to do.”
“I’m not sure. There is a group that brought a few here early on. I didn’t speak to them too much. It’s been a whirlwind of a night really. I still don’t know what exactly happened. I was told to run so I ran. “
“I would rather not say at this time, just know that it was not malicious in nature.” Azari told them. “The person just likes to be well informed, and is cautious around new people.”
Chapter 4
“Please explain to me how Captain America’s son is a destructive influence.” Sue challenged her brother. “There are so many worse people out there Johnny, you need to let this go.
“Which one, business or mohawk?” Jayson enquired.
“Secrets aren’t good among teammates.” Heather said from behind Daken. “I know you two have taken charge but we would like to know what is happening.”
The three other teenagers stood silently, unaware of what happened at the other locations until that moment. Vivienne’s eyes widened as the footage played for them and Renee’s shoulder slumped, as the feeling of defeat washed over her. Jett quickly looked away, crossing his arms over his chest as he shook his head. “So, what do we do?” he asked.
Tommy turned to run, only to be grabbed by yet another person, and this time the grip was too strong for him to fight. “Fucking let me go asshole! I’ll sue you for assault!”
“Then don’t treat me like I don’t know what is going on. I know you, you feel guilty that Logan got caught because he was helping us. That he got killed and didn’t even know about Keegan or how much you have changed.” James told him not backing down.
So when his granddaughter ended up in the hospital at fourteen, he was not a bit surprised at the outrage his son had, or his daughter in law, even his grandsons, because while Remy had two children, Henri also had Sebastian, and that only added to the fuel. They had all grown up together, become close, but Desiree and Sebastian were the two that everyone looked out for. Luc had always kept more to himself, speaking up when absolutely necessarily and not arguing very often. His sister though, always asked why things had to be a certain way, why was that person doing that, what was going on at the park that had everybody so loud. If she saw something she didn’t like, everybody in her general vicinity knew about it.
“Because that is where we have friends. Aaron and Dominick. He doesn’t trust a lot of people, but we have known them for some time. They’ll look out for him until he can safely get to us. They’re both mutants, good people and very trustworthy.”
While the government raised their army to defeat the enemy, they had created. Their enemy continued to prepare for the inevitable. The X-Men prepared their children for the worst-case scenario and had been for years now. The children weren’t so young now; they didn’t just shrug off what was happening because they couldn’t do anything. Now they were older, now they could fight. Now they could vote, now they were legal adults. While many of them held the same beliefs as their parents, they were the same ones nearing their breaking point. They saw too much, and they had done too little.
“Nobody is expecting you to.” Jett said as he moved into a room. A Few moments later he moved out and shut the door. “Three dead.” he said softly. “Let’s keep going.” The girls looked at each other and gave a small nod before continuing on, keeping a count in their heads as they found bodies.
Everyone scattered to prepare for their departure. Jean Luc moved with his boys to get the necessities they needed for the trek through the tunnels that would lead them outside the city. As he held the bag, Henri and Remy filled it with flashlights and batteries, while a second bag was filled with medical supplies. “Ya boys get the family out..”
“Is Pup okay?” Daken asked, changing the subject.
“Says the person who was talking to herself.”
“I’m sure that wasn’t helpful Clint.” Natasha said appearing next to him. Tony let out an exaggerated sigh and Steve laughed. “Look, it’s your own fault for bringing us here this early Stark, and you left me with all of them. I think your son is at the starbucks demanding them to
I have actually had most of this written for awhile, but its been sitting here. I just finished tonight but good news the next chapter is completely done. Let me know what you think!
It was one man who ignited the flame. It was the people who kept it burning.
“They are looking over everything but we have only seen Anna outside the home before it blew up. There is no evidence that the others were in or out. Bucky is almost positive they got her. We just don’t know where the rest of the family is.”  Daken told him.
A moment later Johnny’s vision blurred and he went down without warning. When he opened his eyes again, Reed held Sue’s unconscious body in his arms as he sat up. “Where is she? Where is Karla?”
“Go, NOW.” Tony demanded.
“They aren’t stopping at mutants.” Dakota said, looking up from her computer. “Steve and Tony may have gotten out, but they were also publicly taken.” She paused and looked at Francis and Mara. “They have Clint and Natasha.”
“No Nat, you don’t.” Steve said. “What exactly….”
“Yeah Pops?” he asked rolling over.
“It's me, it's just me.” James assured her. “I think you're done for the night.”
“Well be prepared to make fifty of them Kie. Because we will all want one if Mom is the cook.” James laughed.
“I love you too mom. Goodnight.” She said and ended the call. She let out a sigh as she leaned back in the chair and shut her eyes for a moment. “Alright,” Dakota started to tell herself. “Get a cup of tea and head to bed, we can call it a night.” She got up and started down the hallway but paused at Tommy’s door that had been left cracked open. When she peered inside she saw the mess that was in his room. It was like a hurricane had his it.
“Did your source have files on each of us?” Dakota questioned, and Azari nodded.
“We’ll get out of this, Cass. I’m not letting anything happen to you.” he told her. “Don’t be afraid of the shadows. They won’t hurt you. Just stay close to me.” The boy, Jett told her. As he did this his eyes turned black and creatures formed out of the shadows, swallowing the soldier as the room darkened. When the lights came back on the two of them were left. Without Hesitation he grabbed her hand.
“Because we didn’t know this would happen.” Dakota Potts stepped in. “We knew that it could potentially happen and Tony wanted to make sure that there was a place for Kielar to go so he could be safe. We don't have many mutants within the Avengers but..”
“Shut up” Dakota told him as she elbowed him.
“Kid, I’m not the leader of the team that rescued some of the taken mutants.” Daken laughed. “That was all them, I just helped where I could.”
“I knew about the meeting before it happened.” Azari admitted and everyone turned to the eighteen year old standing off to the side. “I was suggested that it might be about a new initiative that was brought to the Avengers table.”
“Yes.” He said just as Kitty pulled him into a hug. He wrapped his arms around his mom, hugging her closely. “I love you mom.”
“How did you get our files?” Vivienne asked.
Barbara “Bobbi” Morse was not a bad mother by any means. She just didn’t quite get the hint that Francis preferred his father’s presence. She hovered, her son preferred distance at times. He was a fighter, like both his parents, and many times went out on his own to be the hero in situations that he probably should have never put himself into, but that was just simply who he was. Bobbi had wanted her son to follow in her footsteps and become a S.H.I.E.L.D agent, and while she had custody of him, she would often take him to the Helicarrier. Francis showed zero interest in being a part of the agency, but much to Bobbi’s disdain, had picked up on his father’s skill.
“Desiree, her name is Desiree. Let’s go.” Kielar said and took off with Tommy, Desiree followed them. As they ran down the corridor towards the hangar, James Rogers met up with them, “Are they really here?” Kielar asked him.
“They called him Daken, why do you call him Akihiro?”
“Signing off.”
“Now ain’t da tahme. Get goin. We ain’t gonna let nobody get ya again.” Desiree spoke as James motioned for some of the others to follow. Jade noted the ones who had been rescued, she didn’t know all of them. It made her wonder just how many were taken from their homes.
“Cap! Catch.” Tony called out, tossing him his shield, now wearing his suit of armor. As soon as the shield left his hand he tossed another device that lit the room up. Then there was shooting, aimless shooting all around the living quarters. Shielding the boys from bullets, Steve moved them to a safer area toward the lab. “Tommy, put on a suit of armor and go. Kielar. Run.”
“What?”
“I’m in.” James told them. “Look, I don’t like that S.H.I.E.L.D is heading this operation. But I think it’s a good idea for us to know the heroes that we may join up with in the future. I’ve known about Barton because of Mara, but I don’t know much about him, I know the people in this room, and I don’t think it’s enough. We all read about the events that have happened in the past, maybe working with these groups will be better. We don’t need any repeats. I for one have heard about the kids kicked out of Xavier’s. Pretty sure one punched Scott Summers in the face.”
“Yes, Sir.” The AI responded. As Steve and Tony turned the lights off in the lab and started up the stairs, Jarvis spoke again. “Mr. Stark, Captain Rogers, Tommy has requested your help in his room, Kielar seems to be having an episode with his speed.”
Tommy ran into the room before they could continue their conversation. “Hey! Another group just arrived, I think my dads are with them.” Kielar jumped up and went to the door. “They might have some news, you should come too…” he said pointing to Desiree. “Sorry I don’t know your..”
James fell face first onto his bed. He was still in Stark tower and probably would be for the next couple of nights. He didn’t detest the idea of going to California, no that part was fine. He wanted to be able to explore different options of training, and with Steve and Tony going as well, he would get that. Growing up he had received self defense at a young age from Steve, and when he was older Natasha took over his training, his dad had been officially retired, though they did spar from time to time. It wasn’t the training or the people, not it was one thing in particular.
Jean Luc LeBeau always knew life would not be easy after taking Remy in as his son. He knew it would be hard when he had to banish his son on his own wedding day. He knew when his son became an X-men that life would still not get any easier for them, but at least his boy had found a place in life where he fit, where he truly belonged. When he came home with a wife, and expecting their first child, he knew things would continue to be difficult, but he also knew that his son was happy, and he would support him in a way that he didn't when he was younger.
Tommy Stark goes off plan and can not keep his mouth shut.
“It does make a little more sense. I was curious to know why Pietro and Wanda were not at the meeting, it must have been discussed beforehand.” Azari said looking up. “You and your friend really did research. I am glad you have shared this with me. I do hope you decide to go. I have made my decision already and would like to be able to fight with you at my side.”
“You’re a telepath.” Kielar stated. “I felt you inside my head and that's how I knew someone was here. I wasn’t sure if you were who I felt. Have you ever had someone in your head going through pure agony? Have you ever had someone in your head, through all the good and bad times, through the struggle, and then, they just say goodbye, and you no longer feel them?” he asked. “Because that is what I went through tonight, as they murdered my twin sister.” The three went silent, looking down at the floor. “So no, I don’t know what you went through tonight. But I know what I went through and I at least have an understanding.”
The door opened to a small two bedroom apartment. It was nothing fancy, just a very comfortable home.Bruce walked in, followed by his son’s. Sometimes it still felt weird that he was a father, it wasn’t a concept that he could just grasp at times, but here he was. He had never questioned it, though Tony had immediately done a DNA test on them, which had come back with the results he had been expecting. What he hadn’t expected was for the courts to order them to live with him. Their mother had tried to fight that, he had expected no less from Anastasia. She was a good woman that loved them both, it was a rough situation all around.
The moment the world had been introduced to the new Captain America and  Iron Man, he knew his son was part of the pair. There was a pride inside him that he wished he could have expressed to him, but their relationship had already been rocky by then. He had screwed up and let his past feelings get in the way. Now that Kielar was older, he didn’t see the boy as a future Pietro Maximoff, he saw him as his own person, and he only wished he could have tried harder to do that much earlier.
“I will try my Dad and Tony.” James offered. “Azari, you should try to contact your dad, we should do what your mom said and get you out of here. You have diplomatic immunity, but whether they will acknowledge it, we need to make sure you are safe.” James pressed his contact for Steve, only for it to be cut off, then repeated the step for Tony, he received the same. “This hasn’t happened before.”
“I’ll contact your parents as soon as I can, and I’ll keep Shae close to me. You two work together, remember everything we taught you. Don’t underestimate them.” Kitty reminded the two older teens. Cassie quickly moved to her brother and hugged him before she disappeared through the floor, gripping her mother's hand.
“Pretty sure those were my cookies.” Tommy laughed. “Can guarantee they taste great.”
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
“That bitch is the reason why you weren’t taken to a camp and still have a collar on so tone down on the attitude.” Daken snapped. Johnny remained silent as the exchange took place, but moved into the room further with Reed, and toward where Ben stood. “We were there because the tech they used gave the location of where they were headed, intercepting was all we could do. We maybe could have handled the Baxter building, possibly Stark Tower, but you think the five of us could have taken down Xavier’s? We would not have stood a chance and there would have been even more casualties. We had to go with what we knew we could handle. Everyone had the exact same warning, which was nothing. These kids have been putting everything into trying to keep this from happening.”
“This is new, you never said anything about this before.” Clint spoke. “I mean you know I don’t care right? Besides, James is a good kid, I’m sure he’d go out with you if you asked him.”
“Mama said she’s seen trucks headin’ dis way.” Luc informed them as they moved through the room. “We’re headin’ down now, lets go.” He continued to the basement door pulling Sebastian along with him. Remy zipped up a back and threw it over his shoulder before giving the other two men a nod.
“Nicole Coulson and Ryan O’Hare.” Bruce answered, and he watched as Blaine’s entire demeanor changed. “Do you know them?” His son nodded.
“I know you’re there” Tommy called out from somewhere in the room. “I have a motion detector near the door that let’s me know when someone approaches.”
“You can’t just run off like that and tell people to watch out for Keegan, he needs you as much as the others do.” James yelled at Daken, who turned away rolling his eyes, which was apparently the wrong move because his brother grabbed him and punched him. “I’m talking to you!”
“Get her to the jet. I think we have almost everyone, get ready to leave.” James instructed him and Izzy gave him a nod before blending in with the escaping mutants. “Daken! Whats the status?”
“No, no, listen. Karla has cut her link off before. When we argue. We do that to each other but this, this is different. When she cut the link before I could still feel her. I can’t now though, she isn’t here, I can’t…” Kielar broke off as he became more upset. “I can’t feel her. It hurts.” Tommy moved to sit next to Kielar and put his arm around him. “I can’t feel her TJ. It hurts.”
Slowly.
“She was taken.” Reed said.
“We monitor it. Since we discovered the channel we have been keeping a close eye on everything, obviously we missed the last video or we would have known they were coming here. They tend to only give hints though.” Nat
They said.
“Let’s get all of you to safety. They will leave soon.”
“So what are we going to do, if they are publicly executing the X-men…” Mara Romanoff asked. “We can’t just sit back and let it keep happening. Those two are big names, they're trying to make an example out of them.”
“Thanks I’ll need it Dakota.”
“You had to be moving pretty fast to hit the wall and leave a mark like that. You have powers?” Francis asked him. Kielar glanced at Tony, who gave him a slight nod to encourage him.
“But…”
Mara reached out with her foot and knocked Francis in the head lightly with her boot, causing him to jerk awake and look around. “We heading home dad?” he asked rubbing his eyes.
“I don’t dance Azari, I told you this before we came here. I am here to supervise.” the redhead told him, leaning over and giving him a quick kiss. “But you just like to get your way, Prince.”
As they got older, the twins had shown such polar opposite personalities it was hard to keep up with. Karla was a social butterfly, and Kielar loved being around people to a point, but it had to be of his choosing. Karla always knew what she liked and told people exactly how she wanted something and never held back. Her brother, however, would change his interests and not stick to just one thing. It happened so often that Johnny stopped putting him into extra activities because of the boy changing his mind after just a week, becoming bored with it. This had disheartened Kielar, but he never complained, and started finding other ways to entertain himself, which led to Johnny doting on his daughter more.
“Thank you, I just…”
Especially Eliza, who had become Blaine's favorite person. None of them knew if it was because he liked her personality, or because everytime they walked in, she had a bag of homemade chocolate chip cookies for him. The first time that had happened, they all wondered when the development had taken place, only to find out that Blaine would leave on his own to visit her. It was a good development though for the rather recluse boy, he needed more than just a few people to socialize with.
“The president. At 11:59 tonight Martial law was declared in the state of New York. Get Kielar out of there as soon as possible. They are taking mutants from their homes.”
Today has been a really crappy day. So here is Chapter 3. I have already started Chapter 4.
He had met Annie over twenty years ago. Their relationship was something that would have lasted, if it had not been for the fact that Bruce was away so much with the Avengers. There had been no ill will toward either party either. A mutual decision that had ended up harder because after she had already moved back home, she had found out she was pregnant. That was the story he had been told, in the courthouse. They hadn’t been Banner’s yet but their step-father insisted they get their names changed as soon as possible, neither one of the boys made an argument.
“Kielar wants nothing to do with me, and Karla…” he paused. “Kielar needs time with his sister, he won’t go see her with me there. Besides, if you know where they might be, then it should be a quick trip right?”
“Until I hulked out” Blaine piped up. “He was hurting my Mama. They won’t tell you that though” The boy said not moving from his spot, his brown curly hair falling down over his glasses. “These cookies are really good, thank you for getting them for me Mr. Stark.”
“Well, I hope you are right. We are about to have to start the process of getting Steve and Tony out of custody, which means also dropping the charges on Tommy.” Dakota explained. “So he needs to stay out of trouble until then.” she paused. “Why wouldn’t he just come here?”
“We do not know if your James is going to say yes to going.” Azari pointed out.
“Maybe he should get a better friend.” Johnny said, rubbing his head. “He’s an instigator, and Kielar isn’t even here; he's over at the Starks, again.”
“And the compound?”
There was a plan, but did Tommy Stark ever stick to a plan, not at all.
“Maybe if he had chosen to be with us…
Please leave a review and let me know what you thought!
All four of them stopped at the news they had just received. Nicole immediately stepped away from the group and pulled out a phone she didn’t often use. Ryan did the same, though he pressed a communicator to try and get a hold of the rest of their team to make sure they were okay. “Blaine is going to be high on the threat list.” Devon said out loud, making everyone pause in their movements. “Which means we do not have time to make calls or clean, we need to move now.”
“Your family kid, wouldn’t leave you behind.” He replied as she went to the door.
“In the end I contacted my father.” Azari said. “And they picked up whoever needed it. The plan had been for them to return to Wakanda where they would be safe, but that changed when they wanted to see you, and Remy requested to see Desiree. And that is how we are here now.” he informed them. “We were not going to allow anybody to be left behind, and most here were exhausted, I did what I needed to do.”
Rumors spread of gated communities being set up for mutants, watched over by the newly resurrected Sentinel program. Tests being distributed for the gene, hoping to expose those denying they were different.  Mutants went into hiding, some went underground, where the Morlocks took them in and helped them adjust to an alternative life. Xavier’s School for the Gifted remained untouched, because attacking a school was not okay. Inside the Baxter building and Stark Tower rumors of mutants being hidden stirred, some questioning where the other heroes stood.
“TJ? Johnny just told a room full of people that he was proud of me. I mean he said it without actually saying it but…” Kielar looked at him. “I’m not at all okay right now. I am not handling any of this, but if Steve and Tony are olding up, and Vivienne and Jade and Desiree and Renee, who didn’t say anything today...if they are, then I’m going to be. I am going to fight. I am not going to crumble. At Least not yet.”
“Yes?”
“Yes, sir.”
Learn more about the Banner boys, and Blaine being apprehended by S.H.I.E.L.D
“At the moment. I just have to focus. I had my cry.” Kielar said. “There are people that need me though, and I have to make sure that they are okay. I’ll find Karla, and we’ll get Steve and Tony out. We’ll bring people here to safety.” Kielar said. “We can do this.”
“Where is he?”
“I am going to..” Dakota began, furiously slamming her fist down on the table.
“And the same is for you. Especially if you want someone’s number.”
“They sent a message out on a shortwave radio, which signaled the Howlett's that were still around. But they weren’t the only ones to heard.”
“Two streets over you will see a blue leopard, her name is Spot, she will get all of you onto the jet. When its full we will radio in and get you to safety.” James informed her. “Hurry.”
“You say that Akhiro but you took the Howlett last name and you gave Keegan the last name, you built a family and you did all of that to PROVE you weren’t like him.” James yelled. “So stop pretending you don’t care that he is dead, and probably will not come back from this, ever.”
“If she could find that then she could have figured out that all of this would happen.”
“Alright,” Clint shrugged. “Let’s see who can hit the bulls eye more”
“Don’t speak to her like that.” Vivienne interjected. “We don’t even know you. You don’t know us.”
“They killed him. They killed my dad. They murdered him right in front of me. I will kill all of them.” She said. “Every last one of them Vivienne, they deserve what is coming to them, we did nothing wrong!”
“We have a medical set up to check you for any injuries, please move to the right and wait for any assistance.” Vivienne told those moving off the jet. Being one of the first to arrive, she had settled in and offered to help in any way that she could. She kept her eyes peeled for anyone she may know from Xavier’s, and when a familiar red head stepped off, she let out a relieved sigh. “Jade!” She called out, and the other girl immediately went to her, the two embracing.
Devon and Blaine Banner- 16
“I think so. Dakota told me to head down there.” he told them. They slowed down before entering the area, and Desiree pushed past the group of boys, a sob escaping her.
“More like if he stayed away from that Stark boy he wouldn’t be influenced to quit.” Johnny spoke up from the kitchen. “The kid is bad news and he will only bring Kielar down.”
“We have took talk about the meeting we had with the other Avengers today.” Bruce injected. Both boys became silent and he watched as they glanced at one another before Blaine turned his back completely to Bruce. “I know you don’t want to, but I need to know what we are going to do. Like we said back there we are not going to force anyone to go that doesn’t want to, and if that means the two of you would like to remain back, I will stay as well.” He sighed as he watched Blaine shut down, the way he always did with anything that involved S.H.I.E.L.D. Getting anything out of him about the time he had been imprisoned was a battle, unless Devon was the first to bring it up.Bruce knew bits and pieces, and while they hadn’t treated him as someone hostile, they had secluded him for the majority of the time. He was also aware of Blaine being drugged, but those details were few.”We were told that more than just the X-men and Fantastic 4 were being included.” Bruce added. “They will have a few young superpowered S.H.I.E.L.D. agents at the training facility.”
“She had something she needed to do.” James, Daken's brother said. “We aren’t here to throw around accusations, we are here to work through this.” he stated. “This place was built a few years ago and has had a rotation of people staying here as a precaution with something happening. The other day just so happened to be the day that everything occurred, nobody knew it was going to happen, but everybody here knew that it could happen.”
He was also very stubborn and wouldn’t listen to anybody.
“Oh Flit, what am I going to do with you?” Mara mumbled, sitting on the floor near him.
“Be careful, you are starting to sound like Steve.” Mara laughed.
“Are you really the new Captain America?”
“The meeting with the Avengers.” Azari said. “Ring a bell you nosy little girl.” The Cajun girl leaned back in her chair and laughed. “So. your intel was correct.” He told her. Even though Azari could not see her eyes behind the glasses she wore her entire face just lit up. “And you were specifically mentioned. I defended you again the blonde boy”
“Hopefully they will arrive soon then. I am pretty sure I know the team Bucky has been in contact with.” She told him. “And they’re good at what they do. “
“But you don’t know why she won’t wake up. You don't know what they actually did? Has anyone been able to contact Reed or any of them at the Baxter building?” Kielar questioned, rambling again.
The only thing that ever threw Francis off, was the bitter custody battle that his parents had.Bobbi had made it completely clear that she wanted full custody of the boy, then 8 years old. However, Clint, wanted to make sure that his son was happy and if he only got weekends and some holidays, he was fine with that. The man had seen the way the divorce was affecting the young boy. That was the first time he had ever taken Francis to the archery range. It was how he had learned to let out his anger and frustration.
“Hmm?”
“Keegan. What are you doing out here?” Bucky asked as the boy crawled out and up onto his lap. Keegan looked over toward the door that led to Daken’s room. “Is he sleeping?”
“Mhm, she quiet.” he said leaning against Bucky’s chest. “I see Desi, but she real sad.”
“That is the thing, it will not just be our children. They want us to mix with the next generation of X-men, Defenders and Fantastic 4” Tony told them.
Tommy Stark- 17
The two stood up and hugged each other, remaining for a moment. “I will see you again soon. Behave. I do not want to hear of another riot.” Azari smiled as he started walking toward the door.
“Thank you.” She said allowing him to lift her up in his arms. Within seconds they disappeared  “Once from the mansion’s kitchen once more speeding through New York. Renee tucked her face into Kielar’s chest and wrapped her arms around his neck as they ran. When she looked up, she realized they had stopped outside a large home. “Where, where are we?”
“Mate, oy am no doctor, we made her comfortable for the ride and we are gonna get her to Elixir.” The boy explained. “But ya information should be good for him and whoever else is takin’ care of her. She’s alive, Jimmy said her vitals are doin’ okay.”
“Johnny?” Reed’s voice pulled him from his thoughts and he turned to face the man that stood in the doorway. “We’re headed to the meeting room, almost everyone has arrived so we are going to give an update on what is happening.”
The LeBeau family has see what has happened in other states, they know their daughter is out there fighting. Its just a waiting game now.
“You don’t wear socks with your high water pants and loafers. On top of that you wear button ups and bow ties.”
“Well, I trust your judgement so thank you for telling me.”
Johnny Storm had not left his daughter's side since he arrived, and in doing so, his son had avoided the medical area as much as possible. There had been a few moments where he would see Kielar looking into the room from the door, or he had been woken up by soft singing at Karla's bedside, and then the moment he realized Johnny was awake, he disappeared. The man had no idea how he should approach the situation, especially after seeing his face when they met in the hangar.
“Wait, there are more here already? How did they know about this place?” Renee asked.
“Why do ya think we should leave Lapin?” he questioned.
“Kie? You holding up?”
“Rini!” she suddenly heard Vivienne call from an entryway. “Over here, you’ll freeze if you stay outside.” The younger girl ran over to the other and she stepped inside rubbing her arms. “This place is incredible. I don’t know how we didn't know about it.”
“Jett!” a voice suddenly called to him, and as he turned he saw another girl and sighed with relief. Around her were several soldiers on the ground. “We’ve been looking for you. We need to go this way. Your mom is taking everyone straight down to the Blackbird.
“Yes. We have a few things we have to do there.” She answered Francis with a smile.
“Wanna see what my Mara give me?” Keegan asked, his little face lighting up, as he said the girls name. Bucky only nodded before the boy brandished a knife from.
“Whoa, whoa, young lady.” Johnny said. “Don’t turn your anger onto him just because another talked you down. I have sat here and listened to you berate everyone here, and there has not been a single thank you given to those who got you out of the government's custody.” he told her. “And my son, because that is who you are currently addressing, did exactly what he was supposed to. I’m pretty sure Steve and Tony would have told him not to be a hero for once in his life and to stay put, but from what Bucky told me, he went back out there and helped. I am not going to let you sit there and belittle him in front of all these people.” Kielar and Tommy looked at each, both surprised by the man's defensive outburst.  “None of you know what each other went through, and none of you will understand what everyone is feeling in this room. We all went through something and we are all coping, and we do that differently. But turning on each other is not the answer.”
“Way to go dad, banned from your own kitchen.” Tommy laughed.
“I’ve only seen a few students and led them to Ms. Pryde.” She answered quickly. “More trained students stayed above ground to help get the younger ones to safety. I have seen none of the Drakes or Howlett’s. We aren’t too worried about the Howlett’s but we need ways to communicate with all the groups, we are ending up split. The Blackbird will fill up.”
“Especially after they tried to take Tommy from you and Tony huh?” James asked. “I don’t remember a whole lot of that time, but I remember the two of you being really upset.”
Everyone in the room grew silent and then a moment later their attention was turned toward the door when it opened. Desiree stood there. “Dey just killed her.” She said. “Dey killed meh Mama. Publicly..dey..” She trailed off as Izzy Allerdyce and James Howlett moved to her. “She wouldn’t give nobody up.” she whispered. “Dey killed her.” she repeated.
“I have never and will never look for his approval. I don’t owe him anything in my life.”
“Well said Johnny.” Reed told his team mate. “I know it's hard right now, and being in this room isn’t easy. You don't know each other personally. A file will only go so far, if we want to fight this, we need to coordinate with each other and work together. Every single one of you has had training, all of you know what needs to be done. Before we do anything, we need a plan.”
“I’m already planning on packing when I get back to Xavier’s and wait for the phone call back in Louisiana. I am gonna assume they will be sendin’ letters to each parent, considerin’ I’m under age, Papa is gonna need to be asked.”
James laughed as his eyes followed Azari’s to where Mara and Francis now danced. “I think you are just jealous because he is not dancing on you like that, Kitten.”
“How...how are you so focused now after yesterday?” He asked,
Bruce moved to Blaine quickly and took the remaining cookies. “I’ll get you new ones Blaine.” He watched as his son pouted a bit, and as Steve moved to Tommy to scold his own son.
two chapters in one night! Enjoy!
Francis fell silent for a moment. “Xavier’s, the Baxter Building, and Stark Tower, were raided. The Fantastic Four are all accounted for, but Karla Storm is missing. Steve and Tony were arrested for not giving them Kielar Storm, and then Tommy apparently took a suit and disappeared off radar. They have a warrant for his arrest. Natasha hasn’t been heard from and nobody has heard from my dad.”
Azari had noticed how the red headed boy had remained close to the blond stark boy. How both of them kept the silver haired one in their eye sights. He had quickly picked up on the fact that the brunette girl and the sleeping boy had a very close relationship. How the redhead girl picked at the blond boy and he would just let it roll off, or even retaliate. Though the two seemed serious with each other, there was never any heat behind their words. The twin boys were very hesitant in trusting any of them. Azari had also noted that they did not like S.H.I.E.L.D. at all. One thing he needed to do was learn everyone’s name, it would be helpful for when they worked together in the future.
The two drove in silence before Clint’s phone started ringing. ‘Phone Call from Bobbi Morse’ the car announced. The two Barton’s looked at each other and then back at the phone, before Francis reached forward and hit the ignore button.
Chapter 2:
“Good, now I believe I heard you had a communicator to contact your mother.”
“They took her.” Reed stated.
Informing the Teenagers.
“I know what I heard Red.” She told him standing up. “I think you said something about a movie, yes?”
“I’ll try to contact the others, get them up to speed on what is happening and make sure they know not to go back.” James said. “Azari?”
A gush of wind blew past them and Kielar stood before the two once more. “Alright she is safe. I had her all set up and introduced to the ones that were already there. Renee? your next.”
“S.H.I.E.L.D Flit, they want to set up a new team.” Mara told her friend.
“The speedster has a name.” Tommy Stark snapped, and Johnny looked over to see him standing next to Kielar. “His name is Kielar and if it weren’t for him, your friends would not have made it here.”
“See, it’s hereditary.” Tommy said.
“Oh, goody.” Karla rolled her eyes. “Daddy!” She called out. “Could you get me a glass of orange juice, please?” Sue and Johnny turned toward the table where they saw the smiling teenager, and Reed, who tried not to laugh.
“I don’t want to be compared to my parents?” James admitted. “I get asked a lot if I’m going to take up the shield one day, and I don’t really think it’s for me.” he told them. “I want to go to California, meet the others that were chosen and find my own place. I know I want to be a hero, I just don’t want to follow in the exact footsteps.” The teenagers all found a spot and took a seat as Tony tended to Kielar, a small bracelet place around his wrist. The other adults had filed in when the kids had started opening up to each other.
“Maybe you should tell us your name.” Renee said, an ice spear now in her hand.
A little about Azari and someone he considers family makes an appearance.
“That made you sound like a pompous jerk.” Dakota shook her head. “But luckily I actually know you, and know that you didn’t mean it like that.”
“:I don’t like Flit being out there without me.” She said immediately. “I don’t like all the discourse here. That girl was lucky I didn’t throw a knife at her idiotic face.”
“Yes. He’s fine. He would have been here too but there is a lot going on at the compound.”
“It comes from ya heart Kielar.” She said, “Ya come from a place of honesty. Ah see it, da others see it. Steve Rogers saw it.”
“Really?”
“It was him!” All three of them pointed to each other making Tony laugh.
“I know what to do. Be safe.”
The next morning the large group sat in the airport with their bags, not a single one of them looked remotely happy. Steve looked around the large area and shook his head. “So, how much longer until you tell them that we have a private plane Tony.” he asked his husband.
Chapter 9-
“Oh yeah...I found him, and I’m going to kick his scrawny ass because he did not go to Germany.”
“You invaded our home, in the middle of the night. We aren’t giving you anything.” Steve snapped.
The day had begun dark for many on the morning of November 4th 2036. They declared the night before a new president. One that declared change for many who lived in the United States of America. The ones who were safe, celebrated the victory, took to the streets with joy, promoting their new president who promised them safety and happiness. He had taken the people's fear that had grown over decades and swore that the change would take place if they elected him. And he was.
“Before we go in.” Reed said as the elevator door shut. “Most of the X-men did not make it to this location, some of their children did.”
“We’re here to talk about you not me and the non existent relationship between Nat and I.” Clint said to him as he shot an arrow.
“Do not let Bobbi find out about this. She will never let me hear the end of it. Luckily Francis is over 18 now so it's not like she can do anything.” Clint said as he ran his hand through his hair. “Francis has never been a team player so this may be good for him. He usually works with me or solo.”
“He’s doing a lot better.” Natasha commented with a smile. “I was worried earlier because of the way he looked.”
Daken made his way down the hall toward the hangar after the meeting. The last thig he needed to worry about was Laura and her kids being out there when the government had the murasama blade in their hands. It was one thing to lose Logan, but it would be another if he lost his sister, nieces and nephew. He heard two sets of footsteps behind him and knew exactly who they were, but he kept moving. There was no time for him to stop when all hell was breaking loose in the states.
“Fuck.”
“Last minute arrangement.” She said, “We are ready when you are, but we might have a stop to make. We received something on the shortwave radio. Henri LeBeau.”
“We get a new adventure together, this’ll be great.”
“Oh this? Just picking what I should take. That pile over there is what I’m keeping here.” he informed her by motioning to the entire left side of the room. “And over here is maybe, what’s on the bed is going.”
“Daken..As in Dark Wolverine, as in Logan's son...as in...” Clint started. “As in the guy who tried to blow up all of the team bases?”
“Miss LeBeau is included in the roster” Tony told his son.
“Well we did learn that they were not real bombs. And he has been on the X-men team since that has happened.”Steve said with a sigh. “Look, he will be with us under a probationary period. The X-men offered to give him to us as one of the trainers.”
Now in their family room there were four of them. Ben Grimm had opted out of tonight's dinner and instead remained at his own home with his family. Sue smiled seeing Reed walk into view. “Well, I guess I will let this slide since we haven’t sat down to eat yet. Karla is still in her room. The game ran longer than usual, and apparently Kielar skipped out on the game again.” his wife informed him.
“Hi.” A new voice said from behind them. “My name's Dakota Potts, Kielar would have shown you around but something came up so he asked me to do the tour.” The redhead girl stated before she could be questioned. “I arrived with some of the other Avengers kids, you three came from Xavier’s right? We have some of the others over here. So when your friend is done puking I can take you to them.”
“You’re on old man.” Francis laughed.
“I’m not worried about him. I have a twin as well. She might be the same way when she find out.” Eliza laughed as she made blaines order and also grabbed a bag to hand to him. “I close up in an hour. “
“And you do!?” half of the room yelled at him, making the boy freeze.
“All you have to do is ask son.” Steve told him. “You do know Tommy was not to replace you right?”
“Yes we can Viv! They didn’t have a school full of mutants, they didn’t see their friends, their..their parents get..” Jade started and Vivi pulled the girl into her arms as a gust of wind came past them and toward the jet. “What…” The two looked over and saw a girl on a stretcher, and Kielar stopping next to it. “I’m guessing that’s the speedster.”
“So, who was it?” Karla asked, trying to get the gossip. “Was it someone I know, oh was it Bobby Drake? That would be a weird fire and Ice thing though, huh?”
“If it means gettin’ ya’ll out din ah will stay, but ah;ll go as long as ya’ll can make it. Ya promise ya put my grandkids before me, I’ve lived meh life. Ya’ll have more to do.” Jean Luc said. Henri and Remy looked at eachother and let out a sigh. They knew where the two of them got their own stubbornness from, even if one of them wasn’t blood related. The two nodded before going back to packing, the 3 working in silence until Sebastian and Luc came in.
“We asked Pietro and Wanda not to come,” Steve said. “As for Thor, he will not be joining us, and Torrun has already decided that she will not be a part of this.”
“What do you mean?” Kielar asked, now eating the food he had been brought. Bucky raised an eyebrow watching the kid eat.
_____________________________________
“That would be an understatement. A problem? That would be something that could easily be solved. But no, that organization unlawfully imprisoned my brother for 2 years. We were 14 when they took him. Do you understand this Cap?” Devon asked. “Do you understand that this organization took my brother because of the word of a filthy, corrupt, abusive, politician? I know you have all the files on what they were told, but I can guarantee you that man lied to get my brother taken away, for the simple fact that we were not his by blood.Something we didn’t even know until…”
“Good.”
“I know you like me more.”
“Well, this really sobered me up. I might need another drink.” Francis mumbled.
“Yes.” Kielar responded quickly. “Sorry about that.” He told the others. “We’re just working on a few things before tomorrow.” the boy tried to explain.
“They want us to train the next generation.”Steve started speaking again. “What we have read, and spoken about, we believe that everyone in this room would be a good contribution to any future team. They want there to be an alliance between the Avengers, Defenders, Fantastic 4, X-men and S.H.I.E.L.D. In the past these teams have not always seen eye to eye and they believe that bringing everyone together early on, might help forge bonds and help shape a more..”
Last chapter! I hope you have all enjoyed this as much as I have enjoyed writing it. It has been 12 years since I have really written and this felt amazing to put on here. So, enjoy!
“His name is Tommy.” Bruce sighed. “And no, I’m pretty sure he just stole those off the counter. I met up with Logan not long ago and he had a girl with him, about your age. She had baked a lot of extra so she left some behind.”
“Look, that was”
-------
“Desiree, how on earth do you have their files?”
“Well I guess everything has been decided.” Steve said, “Start packing, we leave in 3 days. We will take care of everything with your schools.”
Chapter 7-
“They have a Vlog that they do, challenges they set for themselves and hope that they don’t get arrested. It’s really better if you don’t know.” Natasha said. “Clint and I found it on accident.”
“I did our thing...where I went into her head.” Kie choked out. “She said she was holding on, so she could say goodbye. I...I don’t know what to do in a world without my sister Tommy. We came here together, we learned to do everything, and now there is just...she’s gone.”
“Don’t be so cocky.” Kestrel rolled her eyes at her uncle before looking over at Bucky and Johnny. “Really, two of ‘em?”
Reports started coming in less than a month after they swore him in. Attacks on mutants occurred, even with no proof. Slowly there was a decline in mutants going to public school. Slowly there was a rise in missing mutants, under the age of eighteen. Slowly, mutants feared more and more for their lives.
“We realized it and it was too late.” Tommy answered, not really giving an answer. “I mean, dad did it.”
“We’ll get them. We won’t stop until we do Viv.” Jett consoled her.
“Thank you, I appreciate it. I have more to ask, but I know you need to go.”
“It’s good to see you again. Will all of you have your usual?” She asked, going back behind the counter.
“What is happening?” Sue questioned, and they turned the guns on her. She put her arms in the air. “You came into our home demanding to take a member of our family.”
-------------
(See the end of the chapter for
“No.” Kielar said, and Johnny could see everybodies attention turn to the boy. “He teamed up with Yashida Enterprise to create a safe haven if it was needed. Yes the original thought was about me, but he knew that more people would need it.”
“I was put in the middle of it the moment they killed Uncle Sam and Aunt Paige. The moment they threatened grandma. No, they came to our home Mama, and that ain't okay. Nobody there hurt anybody.”
“Is this what you do in your free time?”  Johnny asked as he ate, Reed and Sue both laughed. “Superhero gossip is really a thing for you kids?” he continued.
“We’re ordering chinese before your Mom or Tony attempts to cook for everyone. You want your usual?” He asked. “Are you okay?”
“OKay, we get it.” Jett rolled his eyes. “You read files on us, Francis.”
let me know what you think!
The young man known as Azari stepped out of stark tower with his phone pressed against his ear. As soon as he had left, he called his mother, Ororo, who resided at Xavier’s School for the Gifted as a long time teacher and a leader to the X-men. It had been some time since he had gone to the school, usually it had just been visits for a few weeks during the summer and of course on holidays. Most of his time growing up had been spent in Wakanda, even after his parents divorce. He had been lucky, though his parents were separated, they were still very civil with each other and it had definitely made things easier for him as a boy. The distance had been hard, he had always been close to his mother, but he loved Wakanda too much to leave it permanently.
“I make a mean grilled cheese.” Kielar spoke up.
“What? No, of course not. I came a…” he was cut off as a hand collided with the back of his head. “What the hell James!”
Montana- Old cabin
(See the end of the chapter for
It didn’t take long for the group to get back on the jet and settled. Daken sat down in the pilot seat and put on the headset. “Whoa, slow down. Okay, Dakota. Slow down. We are on our way back now. Okay. We should be there soon, we aren’t far from the border. We have to pick others up but we have someone who is injured. Yes, Johnny will be with us. Okay.”
“Hey guys! Bow and Ho here at the top of Stark tower which was surprisingly easy to climb. We have some news we wanted to share tonight,” Francis’ voice came through the t.v distorted.
“Wait!” Johnny called. “You can’t just rush out of here alone.” he continued as he followed the man, Bucky silently followed the two out of the room. James continued to hold Desiree.
“I would say something but I think this situation calls for the use of that language.” Steve said behind him. “You have to make that phone call though, and you know you do.”
“I’m pretty sure I know who it was.” Dakota told him. “But I won’t reveal it unless you are willing to.”
“Akihiro.” his brother said from across the hangar. “Too much.” The girls next to the man could barely hear what James said, but Daken let go of Vivienne.
“My job is to minimize the damage he causes, not completely stop it Dakota.” Kielar told her with a small smile. A light beeping noise goes off and Kielar gets up. “I’ll be right back, Steve?” he looked at the man who nodded in response and the two left the room.
Chapter 8
Daken and James sat on the floor silently, listening to their sister scold them like children. James leaned over to his brother. “This is why she was always his favorite.” he told him and Daken nodded in confirmation.
Renee Drake looked at the other two teens, tears in her eyes as she contemplated going with them. Her heart hurt. All she wanted was for her father to be okay, for the entire night to be a dream. Her hands returned to normal color and she quickly wiped her eyes. “Okay. Okay. Let’s..fine...we can go. David got Michelle out. Dad came back for me, I had been in the library.” her voice was shaky and unsure as she spoke. “I’m not going to hold back. They deserve what is coming...where did the bodies go?” She asked suddenly.
“Tony Stark and Steve Rogers are a menace to this country! They would rather protect a mutant than protect us!”
The minor rebellion that had formed comprised many teenagers, including the devil-eyed girl that had been assaulted when she was still young. They had received word of a raid and moved from their southern hideout to a building in New York city. The small group had rallied with the leaders of the Morlocks, an underground mutant group that lived in the sewers, to gain access and help get as many mutants to freedom as possible.
“Not without ya’ll” Remy said standing up. Ain’t having ya’ll arrested for protecting us, we all go, nobody is bein’ left behind. “Luc’ ya grab a backpack, Seb ya do da same, Papa, Henri, we should gather some necessities.”
The two men immediately raced toward their son's room and opening it found Tommy physically restraining his friend. “He wouldn’t slow down! I didn’t know what else to do.” The teenager called out to his dads as they came in. “He keeps screaming about Karla. I don’t know what is going on.”
“”Mohawk. You see these?” Laura asked, pointing to her little stud earrings. “They’re trackers, very private and Akihiro asked me to wear them in case of emergency, he only activates them when necessary.”
“This is going to sound cheesy as fuck Kie, but she’s not left you. I honestly think that though.”
“Didn’t they say to keep him there.” the voice answered from the other side. “You had one damn job.”
“Meh sister is out dere fighting, we don’t need t be hidin’” Luc said. “I know I ain’t always out dere fightin da good fight like ya’ll, but it ain’t lookin’ good for nobody right now.”
“Yes, right here.” Jett said holding out, Dakota grabbed it before dropping on the ground and smashing it. “What the hell! Why did you do that?”
“Cool! I call sitting next to the sexy redhead!” He exclaimed.
Steve hurried to Tommy’s room and opened the door, both boys dressed and with a bag each. “Let’s go.” he ordered and led them toward the lab. “Stay behind me.”
Sometimes he really hated his choice in moving to America.
The building that once held the Avengers before many of them retired, was now home to Tony Stark, his husband Steve Rogers and their son Tommy. In recent times another also occupied it, Kielar Storm, or Maximoff, as he preferred these days. Steve and Tony had not minded taking in the teenagers, he was their son’s best friend. They had known him since he was a small child and knew of his existence even before then.
Kielar stayed with them after a disagreement with his own father, Johnny Storm, after learning that he had adopted him and his sister Karla. Johnny and Kielar had always argued, especially when the teenage years hit. The boy had developed powers similar to his biological fathers, Pietro Maximoff. With that, he had to learn a lot about control, and where Johnny tried to help, it always failed and a fight would end up happening. The latest disagreement had brought Kielar over for the weekend.
“No.” Devon cut her off. “My brother has already been imprisoned before. You may have met him after the fact but you weren't there when he was forced to leave his home, and I will NEVER let that happen again. S.H.I.E.L.D has all the information regarding Blaine and you two, we don’t know if they are involved, we don’t know if they will hand that information over to the government. We don’t know what the fuck is going on, so we are leaving now. If you don’t want to leave with us, I will take my damn brother and get him to safety myself!” Devon said, his voice rising the more he spoke.
“Alraght. Alraght. Let’s go din” She sighed. “Everyone got out?”
“Shut up Thomas.”
“Where did you get those?” Devon questioned and snatched the bag from him. “They aren’t that blonde kids are they?”
“James Rogers…” the other boy responded hesitantly. Natasha and Steve both watched their son silently. The two ignored Tommy’s snickers off to the side, and the grumble after when Kielar elbowed him.
“How exactly are we supposed to get the X-men to agree to this?”Natasha asked. “And we are missing a few members of our own team, where are Thor, Pietro and Wanda?”
“Papa.” a small voice said from under the table next to him, and Bucky leaned over to see the dark haired child underneath. He didn’t speak much, so anything he said would be special. Keggan had started calling him Papa a year earlier, after he had been introduced to Mara, who not everyone knew as his daughter yet.
“That’s Remy’s brother.” Laura said. “They reported the LeBeau manor gone, but they made it out. They made it out…” she said, relieved. “We need to send a message on the same wave.”
“That is fine. Thank you for asking instead of surprising me with that.” She said with a small smile. Kielar scooped her up and looked at the other two giving them a nod and then disappearing with a gust of wind.
Chapter 5-
“I think we can forgive him this time seeing that we traveled by speedster.” Renee said with a small hint of a smile. “Speaking of speedster…” She said looking around her. “Where did Kielar go?” She paused as she spotted him. “Is that Bucky Barnes? He wasn’t lying when he said that the Avengers had this place prepared.”
“Wait, you and him?” Bucky asks Daken. “Really, this pretty boy.”
Fourteen years have passed since Tony and Steve fought to keep their son. Eleven years since the last time they went on a mission with the Avengers, retiring from the hero life to raise a family. Now, after all that time S.H.I.E.L.D had contacted them with a new mission, one that they almost threw out, and if Pepper had not stopped them, it would have never seen the light of day. The Avengers gathered at Stark tower for the first time since then. Not all of the Avengers had given up the hero life after having children, but when Tony and Steve had left that world, the Avengers moved their base to another location. To them, entering the Tower was something that they knew would happen again one day, but why, that had always been up in the air.
“Paranoid much?” Dakota laughed stepping into the room. “What happened here?”
“Youtube. He got onto fucking youtube.”
“Of course.” Azari replied.
“She’s right you know. You have no idea what we have been through tonight.” Vivienne said.
“What do ya mean our ride?” He questioned. “We’re in the middle of nowhere.”
“Tony. believe it or not a guy and a girl can be just friends.” Natasha said. “Francis is a very good friend to Mara. He knows he would lose a hand if he touched her, and being an archer he requires both of them in tact. Clint had this conversation with him already.”
“My friend wants to know if you are single James” Mara said to her brother. “Not entirely sure what he sees in you, but he asked me to ask you.”
Francis Barton- 18
Chapter 6: The LeBeau’s
“But I’m not Tony’s kid.” Kielar said. “Or Steve’s”
“I..” Kielar started. Johnny looked over at his son. “I did what I could. I went to Xavier’s as soon as I was able to, I..I realy tried.”
Little bit of bonding, and of course arriving at the new training facility.
They said.
It wasn’t an ideal situation, and Mara wasn’t one hundred percent on board with the whole thing. One thing she knew though was that her brother and Francis were currently good with it, and right now, that was good enough for her. With all the adults there, Mara doubted that anyone else would try anything, it was still unnerving to the girl in a way that she wouldn’t be able to verbally express. Something bothered her about the whole idea, and she couldn’t pinpoint it, at least not yet.
“Wait, what?” Tommy questioned. “What do you mean?”
The Barton's go and talk a bout the decision Francis already made. Also, learn a bit about Francis and Mara's beginnings.
“I don’t think you know him, his name was Daken.”
The West coast Avengers are not the original team from the comics! I have modified it for the story as it takes place in the future.
“Do not finish that sentence Thomas” Steve suddenly spoke up. Tony had never been so thankful. “He doesn’t have any rights over Kielar anymore, everything has to go through Tony and I,” he informed him.”I know some of you have a problem with S.H.I.E.L.D,” Steve started again. As he said then Devon Banner started laughing.
It wasn’t long before the plane landed in a secluded area, shielded well from prying eyes. As everyone piled off the plane, the sun started to rise, and the realization of how much time had passed hit everyone. The exhaustion was setting in for all the teens and young adults as they sat in the grass. James and Heather moved to the group and dismantled the collars they wore. The tension in the area slowly dissolved.
“Kielar.” Steve began but he was cut off quickly.
“Check Germany” a voice said, making Dakota jump.
"They weren’t for me, just so you know that Kota” Tommy said shoulder bumping the girl, who just smiled and gave him a little nod.
Tommy removed the helmet and took out his phone, looking at the cracked screen with a sigh. “This is going to take forever.” he mumbled. He started his trek toward the city, though without another word. He knew better than to hitchhike. If someone recognized him, he didn’t know what would happen. Tommy had been at high risk being kidnapped since the day they created him. Everyone wanted the son with the DNA of Iron Man and Captain America. They all thought he would have the effects of the super serum, and it disappointed them when it was discovered that he didn’t.
The Stark's, Rogers and Romanov's sit down to figure out what they are going to do. More history on their relationship with Kielar Storm.
Jett ran over to feel for a pulse, little hope that he would find one, and he didn’t. “Fuck.” he cursed as he stood back up. “They either got the rest of the family or they got away.” He said just before they heard screaming from another corridor. The two teens took off running toward the sound just in time to see ice impale three soldier’s abdomens.
“Canada.” Kielar said simply. “It is an Avengers base that was built a few years ago. The U.S government is not aware of it. Tony Stark teamed up with Yashida Industries when the rumors started about the President elect and his feelings on mutants, and his plans to ‘take care of the problem’” Kielar quoted. “Once he was in the office, they began their contingency project.”
“He ain’t my James, and I can almost guarantee that if Akihiro is gonna be there, so will he. They got close recently.”
“Yes sir…” Francis said. “I can stay?”
I honestly love writing Francis, because there really isn't too much known of him and what you do know is from a different universe where he doesn't have his parents. It is just a lot of fun.
“Huh?”
“Ah do understand ya have ya orders, but ah will not be complyin’ wit’ dim today sugah. See, dat law goes against meh raght as a human, and ah ain’t goin’ nowhere.” In a swift moment a book flew across the room toward the soldiers and exploded as she jumped over the back of the couch and knelt down. Anna had not been with the X-men since her children were young, she had not used her abilities for some time now. But she looked down at her hand, that was glowing, and knew that she had a piece of her husband with her as she fought. As she moved from her hiding spot, gunshots all around her, she used a man as a shield as as he fell grabbed his gun.
“Then let’s fight.” Tommy said, holding up his fist.
There were many promises that held their loved one's close to them, worried for their children and what it would mean for them, for their future. Many of them were getting ready to graduate from High school and move forward into the world. They had dreams they wanted to follow. With the news circulating about plans to destroy what they had built, everything would change.
“Anymore surprises?” Francis asked. “I think Kitten here had the biggest one.”
“Next order of business is to find out who the government has on their side.” Steve said as he crossed his arms.
“My sister and I were adopted by Johnny Storm, but Pietro Maximoff is our birth father, and somehow they knew that. I was only able to get out because my sister warned me. They took her from the Baxter building and they came for me at Starks. I didn’t know what I would find here, I didn’t think they would be stupid enough to raid an entire school of mutants.” Kielar admitted. “Is it just the three of you?”
Tommy stood up and started clapping. “Now I really get it. Why you always are the one to make the speeches. That was great, almost like it was out experience, with some regret tossed in there. I mean it hit me...right here pops...right here in my heart” he said tapping his chest. A small laugh was heard in the back of the room, and a few eyes moved to Kielar, but nobody said anything. Instead steve picked up a pillow and threw it at Tommy.
“Ya’ll watchin’ the world news, but y’ ain’ lookin’ at da local news.” He said turning the channel. All eyes moved to the television. “Dats happenin’, ya’ll need to grab a bag and go.”
------------------------------------
“Fuck you.” Daken snapped before cutting off contact.
“Aislin said she wants to go after ‘em, and I agree. Nobody hurts my sister like that and gets away with it.” He told his mom, finally sitting up. “I know ya wanna go too.”
“They took her. Reed, Johnny and Ben are all fine, Sue got caught up in the crossfire.” Bucky told him. “But she seems to be doing fine according to reports. Xavier’s seems to be the one with the most casualties.”
“No , No, I’m fine. Did you say a speedster? We don’t have a speedster? And since when do they let LeBeau out on the streets to handle things, I thought all of that was a publicity stunt?”
“I know. I know sweetie. But we need to make sure you get out of here. So we can find your brother and sister.” Vivienne tried getting through to her. “Mr. Drake wanted you to get away. He wanted you to survive. Please come with us.”
----------------------------------------------------
arrive.”
“Dat sounds lahke a good idea.” Desiree said.
Mutants. Since the discovery of their existence we have regarded them with fear, suspicion and often hatred. With time there had been improvement. The fear of some, turned to understanding, discussion brought to light alternative views, and it was time that brought many together. But it only takes one to bring that fear back. Inciting fear to the mass majority, causing panic to spread. Neighbors would turn to each other, and hate crimes once again rising. Children being cast out of their families, their friends turning on them. It only took one man.
“Weren’t those white earlier?”
“Thomas Stark?” She asked immediately. He looked at her incredulously. “I don’ like not knowin’ things Zar, y’ know this.” Desiree leaned down and pulled out a small binder. “I know all of ‘em.”
Kielar poked his head into the room pulling her from her focus. “A jet just landed. Almost everyone has been given a room, so the new arrivals can be the main focus, we can…”
It took half an hour to gather everyone together, and another to get everyone on the plane.The six hour plane ride seemed to take forever for the group, though many had fallen asleep for at least half of the trip. When they finally landed in California, a line of cars were already waiting for them. When they finally arrived and stepped into the new facility, the lights lit up. Friday greeted them.
Family news
“Fine.” Jade said softly. “I didn’t know about Ms. Munroe. I’m sorry.”  she paused. “That still doesn’t negate the fact that the speedster could have helped us.”
So yes, the expectations people had of him was the worst thing about it. He was dreading that conversation with Steve. Who was going to take over the name? Tommy? Just the thought made James laugh to himself. He loved his brother but he was too much of a tech head to really take over for Steve, hell, James didn’t even feel bad laughing at the thought because Tommy would have been laughing too if it was even suggested.
Sebastian stood up and glared at his older cousin, second cousin to be exact, and Luc wasn’t far behind him. “I ain’t gonna back down from a fight, dey wanna take us dey gonna have a hell of a time doin’ it.”
“Sir, Reed Richards is on the line and says it is urgent.”
“Yet the X-men were not made aware?” Vivienne Worthington asked. “We have people, families who escaped to England, France, and even Australia, when they could have come here. We are all separated, but who I see in this room are a bunch of non powered Avengers and some misfits that left Xavier’s, lead by an ex-villian.”
I do have permission to use them in my writing.
“Wow, how easy it is for you to fall in love if they make cookies, but all those people falling at your feet before.” Devon laughed. “If they only knew.”
“Here let me help.” Aislin said and messed with it for a second.
“At 11:59 p.m the president signed an executive order, concerning mutants and their right to live among normal humans. They are to be relocated in a designated community upstate and monitored.” A soldier spoke. “If you do not comply, we will be forced to arrest you.”
“Flit!” Mara exclaimed.
Chapter 1:
“Understood Daken.” Ookami responded, both men looked toward the female who had remained quiet. “Are you ready for this Rebel?”
“You could at least learn the basics. You need something.” Devon told his brother, relaxing a bit after hearing that he would be okay going. He didn’t want to make anything a big ordeal. Blaine stared at his brother for a few moments. “You have to learn to defend yourself B. I am not going to always be there to fight your battles.”
Thank you so much for reading! Let me know what ya'll think so far. I absolutely love feedback and kudos!
“I told him not to take it out. It is just for emergencies.” Mara said, speaking up as she walked into the room. “Hello Papa.”
“You’re telling me.” Jade said, crossing her arms. “Why did the X-men not know this place existed? I’m going to get answers. So many people could have been saved.”
“We have to regroup.” James repeated again. “Once we have everyone together we will go from there. We have some water that you can have and we will be on our way again.”
“I’m fine, just thinking about stuff. And Yes, my usual, orange chicken, and fried rice.” James said as he sat up. “You ready to come out of retirement?”
“Which friend?” James asked. “You haven't spoken to anyone.”
“Yeah, rich boy problems.” Francis laughed.
“So, who is the poor soul informing the kids of this?” Clint asked as he looked around the room. “Any volunteers? No?”
“Daddy.” Karla said, gripping Johnny’s shirt.
The new character that is introduced in this will be revealed more in the next series about the mutants invited to be apart of the Legacy Initiative. I also wrote this in one go and tried my best to check for inconsistencies in her accent. I know there are probably a few, I tried to tone it back a bit from the way I have written it in previous writing.
“I swear to you, if those are your bow ties and you are calling it an issue, I’m going to burn them. All of them.” Devon said, not looking up from his phone until he heard a gasp from his brother, to which he gave him a glance and rolled his eyes at the offended look on the other boys face. “I can’t believe you even wear those.”
“Yes. Okay.” James said rubbing his eyes. “We should start heading back. “
“The selfish bitch needs to stay away” Dakota snapped. “What she did is unforgivable.”
Devon sat in his room, a suitcase opened up on his bed and a few articles of clothing were thrown inside. Blaine had his open just outside the walk in closet, where he stood going through his array of clothes. The two sat in silence as they somewhat packed until Blaine walked out and sat next to his brother. “I have a dilemma.” He announced, holding a large box on his lap.
“Team exercise.” Reed told them. “There is a facility to train in the sub basement. We will begin in the morning.” He moved toward the door and paused at James and Desiree. “I’m sorry for your loss Desiree, nobody should have to see that.”
“Is he a good idea to have around? He’s a loose cannon Steve. I know we agreed to it, but I’m second guessing it.” Tony admitted.
As Tony cleaned his lab for the night, the teenagers were both sound asleep in their beds. For a while Kielar tossed and turned, this mind racing while he tried to sleep.  Suddenly the boy shot straight up in his bed. “KARLA!” he called out for his sister in a panic. “No, no, no…” he repeated as his body picked up speed in his sudden terror. Moving quicker than he expected, he moved through the wall and into his friend's room. The sudden appearance and cross into the dresser made Tommy jump up.
Vivienne looked around her to see the hallways cleared. “I took care of it. Even if they were alive, nobody will see them again. Rini, this is war now. They made their move, we’re making our stand. They think we will go down without a fight but they’re wrong.” Jett said. “We’re in this together. We aren’t kids anymore. Our parents trained us for this. They knew it could happen, that’s why I stayed behind, and I’m not leaving either of you.”
___________________________
____________________________________________________________________________
“His name is Josh Foley, he’s a healer and they are sending him as our doctor for the facility. I”m not entirely sure when they will be there, Daken said he would be picking each kid up that accepted the invitation, he wouldn’t say how he intended to do that.”
“So we are taking a break and will let you know as soon as we get settled in next month” Francis told them. “This is Bow ,”
“You are roughly ten miles north of L.A.”
“I did, now where are those shoes?” Kielar asked. It didn’t take long to find where Tony had stored the items Kielar needed. Dressed in a new pair of shoes, sweats and a hoodie, he turned to the only other person he had at the moment and gave him a nod. “I’ll see you soon.”
Montana- Old Cabin
“You need to figure out as much information as possible before Rebel gets here. We need to give her as much as we can.” Bucky said from the doorway. “I just got a call from Daken, they are making the stop to remove the collars and will be here in two hours or less.”
“Whoa whoa, kiddo.” You have to be careful with that.” Bucky  told him, immediately taking the knife from him.
“I don’t even need you to finish that sentence.” James said, moving toward the two. Standing behind them, he watched the live stream and let out a sigh. “He was supposed to go into hiding. Why am I not surprised though? I mean, this is Tommy and he can’t keep his mouth shut even when it is critical.” He grabbed a hoodie from the armchair and slid it on. “Where is the location, I obviously need to go rescue my brother, so he doesn’t get his ass kicked or arrested?”
“We don’t even know,” A new voice spoke up coming from around the corner and Kielar spun around to see Johnny. “Hey kid.” Kielar stared at the man in silence. “I’m glad you made it here safe.
“Yes sir.”
“Listen Richards, I have to go. We’ll be in touch.” Tony said hanging up before the other could answer him. “Get Tommy and Kielar to the lab Steve, I’ll meet you there.” He told his husband before punching in several codes on his security system. “Jarvis, activate Safe Haven Protocol.”
“I’m sure that would have been frowned upon,” Bucky laughed. “But I understand, you just have to remember that they are dealing with things that have never happened to them before. They’re learning how to cope, and they do that differently.”
“I know.”
“They overreacted.” Francis laughed. “We just needed proof, they caught me on the way out. Made sure Mara got out of there though.”
“Johnny is just a friend.” Daken told her. “No let's get your sister ready to leave.” He said as they both moved inside.
“Language.” Kielar suddenly said, before he remembered that other people were in the room. Tony, Tommy and James all laughed while Steve sighed and shook his head.
Sliding her chair over to a set of screens on the wall she looked at them. “Now where the hell are you Thomas? It's not like you to be this quiet for so long. Why aren’t you being the loud ass troublemaker that you always are?” she questioned. “You always make sure you are the center of attention, so where would you go hide?”
So this was different to write because not only is it an OC but it isn't one of mine. I absolutely adore Dakota though and I am so happy to have permission to use her in this story.
“I booked us in first class.” Tony said. “I don’t do well in coach either.”
--------------------------
“My sister just called me. They’re taking people, mutants from their homes.” Eliza said.
hope you enjoy this next chapter! Let me know what you think!
Taken mutants are rescued.
“Just be good to him.” Nicole told her before moving away.
“I can tell you right now Blaine will not be a part of anything remotely related to S.H.I.E.L.D.” Bruce immediately stated. “And if Blaine won't have a part of it Devon will turn it down in a less polite way.” The scientist ran his hand through his hair.
“Which means Clint and I will be bailing you two out as usual.” Natasha teased. “And that doesn't mean you can join them James.”
“We don’t have a way to contact anyone though.” Renee said running a hand through her hair. “How can we just hideout here when everyone else is somewhere out there.”
“What?”
Daken Akihiro was exhausted.
“I’m not going anywhere else.” Tommy cut him off. “I came here because I knew you were here.”
“It’s midnight, what the hell is going on?” Johnny asked. “Karla go..” He started before yanking her from her chair and pulling her behind him as the military came out of the elevator. Johnny stayed between them and his daughter, observing as they filed into the room.
“Papa!” she screamed, and Remy LeBeau turned when he heard his daughter's voice. She ran to him and he enveloped her into a hug as she broke down. He whispered and comforted her as he kept his arms holding her tightly.
“I can contact someone so that the ones who passed can be buried properly. But we need to go. I know where there is a station set up for us to go into hiding for…”
The school was in chaos. Screams. Crying. Panic. Pain. Death. It was all over. The government had finally made their decision on what to do with the mutants, and this was their answer. It didn’t matter that they were young. It didn’t matter that they were innocent. Nothing mattered to them. They still feared what they didn’t understand after all these years. It took one man to call for the roundup of those born with abilities, and that was all that mattered. He didn’t care that these children were watching their parents die protecting them. It didn't matter that after tonight, these children would be captured or murdered.
“The younger ones are top priority Viv, you even said it, we are more trained, we need to get Cass to my mom and then we can stick together and help get others out.” he told her. “Between our abilities we can find a way out.”
“I contacted someone. As soon as we are cleared from here, everything will be taken care of. He won’t be left here long, I promise.” Kielar insisted. “We take care of our own.”
Almost five songs later, James was still on the dance floor with his partners and sister. It had always been hard for him to refuse them, and it showed tonight. As the current song ended and another started, James saw a flashing from Azari’s communicator. “Azari!” he yelled and pointed to it. A few moments later, the four of them were off the dance floor and stepped outside. “Who is it from?”
“Karla’s gone. He lost his sister and daughter in a matter of days. They’re both gone.” Daken said.
That is the end! This was amazing to do and I can';t wait to continue with the next set of characters. I hope everyone enjoyed it!
“Stay here okay, Steve and I will find out what is happening. Just in case, get your shoes on and grab a small bag. I want you ready to go.” Tony instructed. “You know where to go when something happens.” Kielar nodded to him. “If I tell you to run, then you are to run and not look back. You are not to go to the Baxter building, here or any other place someone might connect you to.”  He paused and stood up. “I’m going to make a few phone calls.” As the older man stepped out of the room he took a deep breath running his hand through his hair. “Fuck.” he cursed to himself.
“Any update on Steve and Tony?” Johnny asked. “I think I heard Tommy made it here.”
“I take offense to that Laura.” Johnny said after appearing through the trees. “Nice middle of nowhere place you have.”
_______________________________
Let me know what ya'll think of the story so far! next chapter should be up within the next week it has already been started! Hope you enjoyed.
Now Bruce Banner was a father of two. His only saving grace was that they were grown and could for the most part take care of themselves. If they were any younger than sixteen it would have been a disaster for him. Bruce had been spending time watching them, getting to know  how they were, but rarely interacted with them. He had noticed some quirks in each of them that they probably didn’t realize they had.
“What happened to Natash, Steve and Tony? They were arrested? Why...they wouldn’t hand Kielar over, and Tommy got away. Okay. What about Nat? No word from her, has dad...no, I haven’t. Okay. just, be safe. Bye.”
“Careful kid.”  Bucky called out shaking his head, only speaking to air as Kielar disappeared back into the night. “They’re going to kill me if they find out.” he said to himself before going inside. He sat at a desk with a communicator in his hand and leaned back. “Daken, keep an eye out for the speedster okay? He’s heading back into the city and will be approaching Xavier’s.”
“Go ahead and take Vivienne first, I’ll wait here with Renee and we can grab some snacks from the cabinet so that you can eat something. When you get back go ahead and take Renee, I’ll go last” Jett directed them.
“Oh don’t even start when you have history with that boy scout.” Daken rolled his eyes. “And I really don’t have time for this. Yes Johnny and I slept together about...25 years ago. It was what it was,.”
“You made it! Vivi I didn’t see you and I thought…” Jade told her friend.
“I got out of New York.”
The characters Nicole Coulson and Mara Romanov belong to LeviathanNightmareGirl
“Hell no.” Sebastian said. “An’ dey ain’t never had t’ deal wit’ more din’ one at a tahme.”
“Pretty sure the real reason is because he likes…” Dakota started to say, but two hands slapped over her mouth before she could finish.
“Wait, they went there too!?” Renee asked wide eyed. “I never thought they would try and tough the Fantastic four or the Avengers.”
“By who?”
Devon  was a lot more confrontational than his brother was for instance. Hist reaction to situations, especially that involved Blaine, were more hostile. This didn’t happen so much at the apartment, but when they were out, it was something Bruce had to watch for closely. The boy always seemed to be on edge. He took care of Blaine, and Bruce sometimes thought that it may have been out of guilt, because he hadn’t been there to protect the other boy when S.H.I.E.L.D took him into custody. That late arrival had been something that ate at Devon, and he could tell.
“I didn’t do anything, however, TOMMY is in L.A and just did a whole lot of talking, and we know how much trouble he gets in when he starts talking. “ Francis said.
“Aren’t you? They are all over each other.”
“I’m going to go grab Tommy, and Kielar too since he’s looking at the menu.” Steve said. “How is it the Banners are the only ones not making a scene?”
“I just wanted to make sure, I didn’t know if this was going to be a set thing to happen, but Tony wanted to make sure everything was fine just in case. I really did want to be there for the meeting.” Pepper told her.
“Me too, c’mon Dad. We should go pack. Wait..where is the facility?” Francis questioned.
“I seem to remember that not being the case before Keegan was born. I’m glad you're here too though, and that you brought back up, coming alone would have been stupid.” Laura told him.
“We can’t do that. We can’t look at we have accomplished as failures. You might not have saved some people, but you did save others. You know, you said that people look at me as a leader, but there are so many people that admire you. I honestly don’t know how you did any of what you accomplished over the past few years. There are murals of you all over New York. I might be someone who people listen to, but you are the one who shows them that they have a voice and if they use it, they will be heard. I think together we make things work. You bring people together, we can bring this group of ragtag teams.”
