"Good," Rhodey said, still watching him. "Because there's something else you might want to know that's working against you—or for you but probably against you."
“We don’t communicate,” Bruce said, rubbing the side of his head, except sometimes there was a growl at the edge of his awareness, as if he could actually sense the Hulk back there.
to be fucking kidding me," Clint said, posture rigid from where he was looking at Tony over Loki's shoulder from where he had coming in after watching from the street until he finally placed the sharp but blurred features and it felt like a punch to the stomach.
"Did you have another suggestion?"  Natasha spoke, a challenge leaking into her tone intentionally as she handed the kitten to Steve.  The blond smiled brightly, stroking the kitten under the chin and gaining a purr for his effort.
“Clint, it,” she paused, meeting his eyes and saying something she rarely said to anyone. “I am sorry, Clint. You deserved to know and I denied you that. I’m sorry.”
"No, I thought I'd just invite four guys and a girl to live with me without thinking about it at all," Tony replied snidely. "Yes, I'm sure. I have five floors above me that aren't seeing any use really because I need only two of them for living space and frankly, we're a team now, right? Might as well be team mates of a sort. Avengers tower and all that." He glanced over at Clint. "You can have the top floor with your freaky predilection to anything high."
Also, small side note: If you have anything negative to say please remember 89% of this story was written over five years ago and we're really just trying to finish it up. Thanks.
“It’s what everyone else is getting too,” Tony shrugged. “I mean, not sure Clint’s handling it any better then you but…Yes, take the whole floor.”
Natasha offered him an upward quirk of her lips at that, “Alright. Take all the time you need, Clint.”  She patted his shoulder once more before slipping back into the TV room and settling on the couch again.
"Since the attempted invasion," Charles clarified.  He glanced down at himself, grimacing at legs that were fractionally longer than they had been before and hands with more slender fingers, "It's no picnic walking in it either."
Thor seemed to consider. "We could pick her up in the Quinjet," Clint offered, as they had requested and received a jet of their own. "If she wants to come."
"As I would rather you did not," Thor snapped. "But you tried to destroy an entire world and conquer another one so what should be done with you?"
"Well," Tony shrugged. "Building armor, dealing with the press, seducing—or more accurately being seduced by I suppose—national icons. So it's been a pretty normal week." Except for all the times he ran his hands along Steve's back as he passed, watching him stutter out of whatever conversation he was having, or the kisses they both stole and the time he'd been pinned against a wall for teasing too much. It certainly had been anything but a normal week and the arc reactor felt like it was aching every time he looked at Steve. He was going to have to run a diagnostic on it.
“I do still technically own this building, right?” Tony asked, pulling the box of cat treats toward himself to feed one to Samuel.
"I find myself quite liking lattes of vanilla," Thor informed Darcy seriously and she looked up, eyes wide behind her glasses.
“I would never invite the X-Men,” he said. “Are you kidding? Their holiday parties are the stuff of urban legends and the best answer to that is just no.”
"I've managed to shoot you before," Clint said, one eyebrow and the corner of his mouth twitching up sardonically, and people were starting to turn and stare at them. "I'm full of surprises."
Tony hesitated before rolling over, burying his face into Steve’s back. Steve started to shift to turn over, but settled back against the mattress, giving Tony that concealment. For several minutes Tony just breathed, considering if he was really going to say what he was about to. “Obadiah used to call me pretty,” Tony said, shuffling his nose against Steve’s shoulder blade. “Usually when he wanted something.”
"Entirely," the other man agreed.  "I'm gonna head upstairs and get my gifts wrapped.  Have a good night."
Stepping into the main floor, Tony blinked at the tree from where Clint and Bruce were getting it set up with the tree stand that Bruce had remembered to buy next to the wrapping paper. "That," Tony started and stopped. "That is not a tree. Why is that a tree?"
"Silk scarves or non-cardboard puzzles," Clint said promptly. He did not mention friendship necklaces. "Or... sharp things if you can find the quality."
"Good, that's the answer I like to hear," Rhodey said, something almost warm finally entering his expression. Steve offered him a crooked smile and left, heading back to the Tower. Rhodey had given him more information to think over than he had expected.
Huffing, Clint crossed his arms over his chest. “Of course there is, which is what I’m going to be teaching you. So, Tony, any thoughts on what first?”
That garnered a laugh, "Of course they did. However did you all manage a holiday with gifts and decorations?"
Charles laughed quietly, "It took you long enough. But honestly, Christmas day went well? I'm still a little in shock here, you'll have to give me a moment."
"We did Christmas and everything," Tony said. "Decorations, a tree, and presents." He paused and grinned. "Rhodey and Pepper just about had a heart attack."
He tossed the sunglasses onto the pile that made the clerk blink, putting them back on the moment they were rung up, finally pulling the tags off. He'd gotten everything boxed, and the professional gift wrapping was almost done by the time Thor and Steve arrived.
Clint barely glanced over at her from beneath the sunglasses, snorting as Loki glanced toward him. His hands curled into fists and he tried to remember every calming thing Phil had ever tried to tell him. It only made him angrier.
Clint managed to wait until he was sure Bruce was gone before tearing down the emergency staircase Tony had built into the back of all the rooms. "Nat!" he said, barreling into the room. His hands were shaking again but for a different reason.
"Since we all came together?" Tony asked, arching a brow up and shaking his head again. "It is still weird to see you in another body, you know that?"
“You are one of the benefits,” Steve said when Tony thought he had fallen asleep. “You know that right?”
Natasha arched an eyebrow, "He gave you an entire floor to yourself.  The kitten doesn't have to be in his space."
"After me?  What exactly would you care to inquire of there?"  Loki asked, giving him a sideways look. "And hexing you would cause far too many problems at the moment no matter how satisfying that might be."
Rhodey blinked at the Private shifting from foot to foot in front of him. "What do you mean, Captain America is here? Also, you're not my secretary."
"Oh she's out of my reach.  Sent her home, didn't you?" Loki replied, forming a different spell, needing to be away from Thor to execute any sort of transportation.
Steve's jaw tensed and Bruce spoke before he could, "I'm surprised it hasn't happened sooner and with more regularity considering how well you two did on the Helicarrier."
Natasha watched Clint, looking far more relaxed than she actually was, "And the reports might eventually get written."
Lifting the next ornament out of the box, Tony froze, hand stopped where he'd been about to hang it without really looking at the small glass figure of a father and son playing in the snow.
"Two steady relationships in a row," Tony managed when he caught a breath. "I almost don't recognize myself anymore. We should go. Before we get--ugh--interrupted or something."
"Oh Clint," Natasha murmured.  "And you're not ready to move on, but you need to get away from all the memories.  What can I do?  Take a trip with you around the States, around the world?"
“Sortta look like one,” Tony said, finally finding his words. His fingers twitched in an aborted motion. When he realized what he said he bit his lip hard.
Cheeks heating slightly at that, it took Steve a moment to form words at that thought, "You're sure?"
“I’m sorry,” Loki said after a beat. “Are you actually upset on my behalf or is this simply that you want to make sure I have no safe harbor there?”
“Are you sure?” Clint asked, looking back at him. “I mean, I’m just asking because sometimes you say
Tony looked over at him. "Huh," he said and set the armor down, walking over to his bar. "Drinks all around," he replied, handing Clint the first of what soon became many.
Tony slipped into his room, looking around the darkened expanse for a minute. “Jarvis?” he whispered.
Bruce sighed again, "No, it's fine. But she's able to make another life for herself.  She was well on her way to one before Harlem."
Steve's mouth twisted at that, but he nodded, placing a kiss on Tony's throat, "No compliments then. That goes for you too."
Squirming, Tony leaned back enough to twist the towel off, pushing Steve back so he could get a look at him and his mouth went totally dry. “Jesus fucking Christ,” he repeated, almost reverent, hands on Steve's shoulders and his arms straight out. Steve shifted under that scrutiny, the color that rose to his cheeks obvious and nothing that could be attributed to the heat around them anymore. He stepped forward again, if only to get Tony to stop looking.
"Alright, that's a valid point," Bruce agreed, pouring the batter into a frying pan.  "Of course, if Tony's
"Hey I—" Rhodey started and stopped. "Alright, I didn't know either. Of course that might have had something to do with the blinding rage. Which I realize now he was doing on purpose."
"Yeah?" Rhodey arched a brow. "I'm assuming he refused and for some reason you think taking the same questions to me is going to get you answers. Why not try Pepper?"
Bruce stopped what he'd been considering saying, setting his plate aside and sliding a bit closer at the other man's reaction to the box's contents, "Clint?"
Bruce looked over the top of his reading glasses where he was taking notes on his latest round of tests, "What?"
Bruce took his glasses off, setting them and his notebook aside, "Oh that's right, you're pre-Christian.  Um, Yule."
Blinking at him, Bruce finished his cup of tea before rising and setting the cup in the sink, “And where are we going?”
“We had a team first, copycat,” she said and moved on, leaving Tony gaping at her. Charles had to lean on the doorway of the kitchen he was laughing so hard.
"Some do," she said, leaning against the shelving on the opposite side of the aisle. "Though not always for other people."
"I," Tony frowned at the glowing app that stood in for his phone down in the lab. "Look, I was on top of this whole gift giving thing this year but I so did not send you anything."
Tony made an inarticulate sound at that, both hands tangling in Steve’s hair. “Not fair—you’re not fair,” he said, mouth pressed close enough Steve could feel the movement of his lips before he covered Steve’s mouth again, not bothering to close it.
Smile fainter than usual, Thor nodded. "They are working on it. Despite what Anthony says about none of them being all that altruistic, I think they are somewhere, willing to sacrifice for others and that makes them good people. It makes it worth staying for, at any rate, even though I expect Anthony to break the dishes over Steven's head."
“A drink, that’s all,” Loki held up his martini glass slightly.  “Well, and listening to you all go about your boring little lives.”
Steve stared after them for a long moment before sinking onto the other end of the couch from Clint, "He stole someone's body?"
"No luck," he said and paused, as Tony's shoulders stiffened. "Is that a cat?" he asked, frown deepening.
"That, or you take too long to respond to him," Thor shrugged. "Some days it does seem to be a no win situation. You'll learn."
Natasha waited until Bruce left before turning to Clint and pulling one of her legs up to her chest, the other one still hanging off the couch, "If we talk will we be able to see each other and speak tomorrow?"
“Yes,” Thor laughed. “Merry Christmas indeed.” He paused. “You know to stay here, don’t you? If the others saw you I don’t want to get into that fight.”
"It's fondue two point oh," Tony said, glancing up as the first set swung down from the ceiling. "I didn't give it a motor."
"Now that, I find hard to believe," Clint said, eyes tracking him and his hand twitched to where a knife was but he did not draw it.
"Are you serious?" Tony asked, "We're seriously going to try and do Christmas?" When he got several looks back he shrugged. "Alright. Why are we getting garlands?"
Tony had ended up sprawled out on his back on the plush carpet between the couch and the chairs, wedged almost under the table and a bottle of scotch nearby. "Bruce!" he hollered, pleasantly. "Join us in celebration! Or mourning. It might actually be mourning. But you're welcome to join us."
"I'm still weighing the pros and cons of different locations, and finding decent transport away," the other admitted, setting his glass down and leaning back in his chair.  "Based on my calculations, I expect that all to be remedied within the next week or two."
"And what may I offer to someone who calls themselves a god?" Victor asked, tilting his head to one side, before he walked over to his suitcase, slamming the top shut and zipping it closed.
"I don't even own a bathrobe," Clint said, spreading his hands out as Tony sank down on the couch, inhaling his second cup of coffee. "So you get nude or dressed. I don't care if I'm fucking with a holiday tradition this is the better option."
Confused, Steve left the bed, being careful not to wake Tony up. He retrieved his clothes and stealthily ducked into the apartment. He will run down the halls, making sure no one sees him so early, with the clothes from the day before. If he ever ran into Natasha or Bucky, he was good at providing explanations.
Most of the dishes had been complicated for Steve. A large majority of the menu was written in Italian. He was so lost that he finally asked Tony to order for him. Steve had known that he already wouldn't have the trouble to swallow something that contained mussels or periwinkles.
He had not considered this scenario before. He was caught off guard, so unprepared to respond to the future woman he was going to break up with. In addition, he held in his arms the lover who meant so much to him. Here is a scenario which made him ill.
Tony went limp in his arms, as if giving up the fight. Steve held him tighter against him, cradling their bodies together. The embrace was fierce, challenging anyone who wanted to tear Tony away from her.
And Steve lost all sense of propriety when Tony opened his legs for him. He gasped at the sight that played out before his eyes. Tony's cock was just a work of art. Long and thin, curved by a red glans and dripping with pre-ejaculate. His round and shapely testicles had generous and promising shapes. And her hole was pink, dripping with a clear lubricating substance Steve had wanted to drip.
Tony was with Pepper when he realized his feelings for the genie. And when Pepper ended their relationship once and for all, Steve never wanted to hope. The fear of suffering being stronger than opening your heart. But Tony had been so beautiful that night.
His great hearing was sometimes a problem in this situation. Dolby Atmos sound could have caused him hearing damage. Three-dimensional sound came in, a little too loud and Steve was rolling on the floor. It could become a formidable weapon for its enemies.
Surrendering in desire, Steve had slipped his hand under Tony, trying to prepare his entry without causing pain. He gasped as his finger slipped unhindered inside Tony. He had been so wet. More than anything he had known. He had tried with a second finger to make sure the rectal ring was elastic. He had made a few movements that had twisted Tony with pleasure. With a third finger, Tony moaned so loudly that Steve almost came in the second.
Steve had stopped counting their coital peak. He had just noticed that orgasm after orgasm, the sensations were less and less exacerbated. The joy of finally being able to make love to Tony had brought him immense joy. He was finally in control, savoring in a slow passion to fill this body burning with desire.
When Tony's legs gave way to meet the mattress, Steve had gently accompanied his fall. Lying on top, Steve really realized how much shorter Tony was than him.
Sharon wouldn't be home for weeks, he had time to fix this problem. Time to find a solution and think about what to do.
Besides, Steve had plans for the same evening and nothing could have stopped him from canceling them. He took advantage of being alone with Bucky to tell him about his little secret. Despite decades of a solid and brotherly friendship, Steve was particularly stressed to bring up the subject. He was going to confess to her a fault he had often blamed on Bucky.
Steve Rogers had done the best bullshit of his life. He had thought it was that he hid the truth from Tony Stark about his parent’s deaths, but he was wrong. He shouldn't even include it in his list of bad deeds because it was so serious. And the consequences that followed were enough not to mention her in her Top 10.
- Let's go to the bedroom, Tony offered. Do you think you can carry me there without getting out of me ?
experiment almost cost him the muscle in his left thigh. He was so tensed on one of the scenes, that he really almost tore a piece of it. Even though it was soft, it was absolutely not about BDSM. He had told Sharon that he didn't like this type of film, judging the scenes too daring. She then suggested that he learn to adapt to the 21
He didn't know who made the move first. All he knew was he was kissing Tony. Her lips had been warm against hers, soft and delicate. The contact had been electrifying, making him weak in his knees as emotion had overwhelmed him with the kiss.
Steve had gone to the restaurant that had Tony's favorite cheeseburgers. He had done the same with his favorite pizza and Thai. The insulated box he had in the trunk was filled with food. He might have gone overboard a bit, but with his metabolism it was better to be careful. However, did he need to fill the other cooler with ice cream, milkshakes and all kinds of treats ?
Steve was no longer breathing. He was sure of it. Unless Tony was an incubus, he had literally just instilled ultimate desire into her. These words, he had spoken them with so much intensity and emotion, that Steve had the legs in cotton. This mention of possession was like a key that would open the door to his impulses. An infernal desire rose in him with a need to satisfy his lust.
To his knowledge, Wanda, Vision and Sam had made an appointment with Maria Hills and Natasha to come and enjoy their Karaoke in the evening. He and Bucky, gently declining the offer.
"Well, one of you two is going to be taking it up then," Bruce murmured. "I don't think me in their space is a good idea."
Not even when they were fighting, or when Loki insisted he did not need Thor’s bumbling when he was trying to learn magic, they had always seen each other at some point or another. It was pathetic to miss him this much, but somehow Thor had thought even with their new reality of fighting on opposite sides, his brother would at least show up to
His smile was kinder at that. "Of course," he said, looking back at the sidewalk in front of them. "And usually I am glad of whatever advice you would offer."
The next morning Tony staggered into the kitchen, sunglasses perched on his nose as he sat down, Clint passing him a cup full of juice. "Ow. You think I'd be used to this but the answer is still no."
Bruce paused, pulling one of his hands out of his pocket, taking one of Clint’s hands and squeezing, "Well, then we need to see if we can engineer some arrows that'll do more damage to him next time."
"It might not be a bad idea. Set up a gallery and a memorial for Coulson all in one. Not sure what I think of that other collection going into a museum, but it's all old stuff now isn't it?"
Pepper looked from Steve to Tony before offering Rhodey a glance and arched an eyebrow, shaking her head ever so slightly, "That was a very well thought gift, Tony."
"Or something!" Clint said, panicked. "I’ve barely been able to accept signing myself up for one boyfriend, let alone a protective big green guy!"
First, he was going to have to tell Tony the truth. To lie to him once more by omission was beyond his strength. He would never be ready to relive a situation similar to that in Siberia.
When Tony pushed his hips forward meeting Steve's erection, the soldier definitely lost what little control he had had until now. The moan that escaped him immediately embarrassed him. He had pushed Tony away, shame trapping him in the desire to continue the kiss and lose all dignity.
Tony operated the popcorn maker, tapping his fingers on the metal surface. A sign of stress but also of reflection. He seemed immersed in deep concentration.
Since Siberia, things had gone incredibly well between them. They had spent a full year without really speaking except through interposed messages. Then there was the Extremis incident which completely transformed Tony into a complex entity, with cellular regeneration that gave him abilities as yet unknown. A few weeks later, the fugitive Avengers were pardoned and were able to return to the complex. Tony and his lawyers have done most of the work. The UN also did its part with the arrest of Theodore Ross. Bucky was invited to come and stay at the compounds by the master of the place. Tony and Bucky gradually became very good friends. To the amazement of the whole team, Steve was the first.
Tony and Steve screamed in their simultaneous orgasm. Tony's long streaks of cum hit his skin as Steve poured into him, over and over again. The impregnation took a moment longer before the aftershocks subsided.
- He ... he was excited. I really think he liked this hypersensitive side of the serum. We've done it a few times, he chuckled.
There was a long silence as Bucky cleaned up his little mess. Steve was frozen in place, stiff as a stick. He knew his friend was aware of his bisexuality. So, it couldn't be a problem to mention the fact that he had slept with a man. Yet his reaction had taken him by surprise.
At eight zero zero Steve was at the front door of Tony's apartment. Both hands are gripped by the cooler and the isothermal box.
Steve hadn't expected his body to crave more. He had wanted to consume Tony under his thrusts. The genius more than eager to continue to satisfy him.
He had analyzed his evening as the worst of his life. He had been bored, felt compelled to do things he didn't want, and ate a meal that had stuck on his stomach. As for sex, it was just catastrophic. He had felt pleasure without it being phenomenal. Sharon's reaction had put him off. She had assured him that everything would be fine but in the end, she had not accepted this part of him. Who could ?
No longer holding on to his most primal desire, Steve had lined up as she entered. The little anguish of hurting Tony with his long, thick phallus had worried him. Like a cat's vibrissae, if the acorn passes, everything passes *.
A glance at the wall clock and Steve sadly noticed that he didn't have enough time with his genie anymore.
Steve knew, however, that he was going to have to strike up a conversation about their night together. He didn't know how Tony was going to take it but whatever happened he would never lie to her again.
Steve had placed a caress down Tony's face before kissing him lovingly. When they found themselves completely naked, Steve thought he was having a stroke. Tony was gorgeous.
- Hey soldier, that was perfect. It was even more than perfect. I don't have the words there actually, he had said, his breathing still panting, his eyes drunk with desire.
He was going to have to fix that too. He also didn't want Tony to take everything without compromise. It wouldn't do their relationship any good.
Steve opened his arms expectantly. He had no idea. He already couldn't see a TV in the living room although he had scanned all of his surroundings. Maybe Tony had a screening room behind one of his mystery doors ?
He had been in a relationship with Sharon Carter for a few months. Three months to be exact. They saw each other every two weeks for lunch or dinner in a small local restaurant. It sometimes happened that he went to his apartment for a nightcap. He never stayed for the night. Truth be told, their first time together hadn't ended so well and Sharon's reaction hurt Steve. So rather than stay asleep, he was gone. Still, he didn't want to cut corners. He had wanted to wait before taking action. Indeed, Steve had been very clear with Sharon from the start. He came from a time when intimate relationships were reserved for marriage. Obviously, he wasn't going to wait until then, quickly reassuring her. He would have been dishonest of her after the two or three one-night stands he had during World War II. Who would have blamed him ?
It was his turn to whitewash. Steve felt the anguish emanate from Tony with such violence that he lost his words.
- We could watch another movie, you know with popcorn ... ? I'm gonna do that, go to the kitchen and ... yeah !
The shared kiss had been fiery and dirty, tangled in gasps. Steve gasped when Tony crushed his erection against his. He had bit himself to hold back the screams he had been sure to utter.
- "But you put the pieces back together until I got a brand new body, literally and figuratively. You made me so much more… how does Bucky say already ? Doll, Queen ?, Bambi, BabyDoll ... Oh, and he made me up a whole new one the other day, Kitten "
Steve had been thrilled. The only thing that mattered was satisfying Tony. His pace hadn't been so fast as before but the feelings were still very strong. He had sung praises to Tony as the latter had reached a second orgasm. Steve had followed quickly, screaming once more as he ejaculated hard.
Steve asked him what to wear, making Tony laugh. The genius having answered him that he could put on what he wanted, that he was good in everything he wore. A compliment that warmed Steve's heart but surprised Tony. The question of genius had therefore been legitimate
Tony had climbed down from his arms to take his hand and guide him to his room. At no time did he stop her. Steve had felt filled with an energy that crackled through his whole being about what this meant. His heart had pounded in his chest. Tony had grabbed his jacket to pull it off, pulling it over to kiss him as he walked over to the bed.
Back at the Avengers complex, Tony offered her a coffee, claiming that he wasn't going to bed right away. Upgrades to the next StarkPad tablet don't wait.
His heart stopped dead not knowing what attitude to adopt. He greeted everyone as if nothing had happened. Steve helped himself to his brunch, carefully avoiding meeting Tony's eyes. The genie was tapping his cup of coffee with his index finger.
He had wanted more. He had slid his tongue over Tony's lower lip, asking permission to deepen the kiss. Tony had surrendered completely to Steve by then.
Most of them were team shots. Steve had glanced over at Tony who was making coffee in the kitchen. He didn't want to be curious or disrespectful to his host, however the temptation to look at them had been stronger. He had recognized Howard with his wife Maria, pregnant to the eyes. The photo appeared to be from the 1970s. Another showed Colonel Rhodes in what must have been his early years as an officer. Tony standing next to him making bunny ears. Steve had smiled at this one. She must have been 20, and today's Tony looked younger than the one in the photograph. Steve wondered if it wasn't too hard for Tony to take all these physical changes. After all, he had never confided in how he felt about this incident that Extremis was. He seemed to endure it in many ways.
Steve was thrilled. He was comfortably seated on the sofa cushions, holding Tony in his coiled arms. It was so nice to feel her weight and her warmth spreading over her chest. Tony smelled so good. A mixture of mint and chocolate. Steve had already found himself in this position with Sharon. It wasn't especially disturbing but she never stopped talking covering the story of the movie they were watching. Two movie nights had completely exhausted and drunk him. As for his tastes, they were really special. Honestly, Steve wasn't a love movie fan at all. And the
And the evening had continued with fun and pleasant conversation. So much so that they hadn't seen the time pass until the waiter came to warn them that they were going to close soon. Tony had footed the bill, making Steve blush who had taken out his credit card by reflex.
He had brought up the unsightly subject with Sharon. It wasn't that easy for him to take the next step in their relationship. Especially, knowing that she was the niece of the woman he was supposed to be with in the 1940s. There was something disturbing about this situation. Sharon had reassured him by telling him that Aunt Peggy would have been delighted for her and encouraged. Steve wasn't so sure.
They had ended up settling in the small Zen garden, Friday playing a few songs in the background. The atmosphere had been pleasant, Steve bathed in well-being and serenity. The conversation had been interesting and fruitful. Steve had been fascinated by Tony's stories. The genie opened completely, letting confessions creep in here and there. And there were so many. Funny and unfortunately sad. Too much for Steve's taste. When he noticed he'd broken the good vibes with his traumatic anecdotes, Tony closed in on himself. His head bowed as if he had done something stupid. Steve had found him so adorable.
- No Tony, he said in a whisper, I shouldn't have let you wake up alone in your bed. I imagine what it must have looked like and it isn't at all. Next time I will leave a note.
- First of all, I would like to properly break up with Sharon. And if you agree, I would really like to start a serious relationship with you.
Steve had closed his eyes, overwhelmed by his own excitement as Tony continued to roll his hips. And he had given a series of horribly loud moans. He had known he wasn't going to last. His cock throbbed in his pants. However, he couldn't stop kissing Tony like his life depended on it.
Before he could finish his sentence, Steve grabbed his face in his hands and kissed him with a chaste kiss.
He was going to have to talk to someone about it. Keeping a secret of such magnitude was going to be unmanageable. Support was needed for the next two months. He only saw one person to ensure his back : Bucky !
- It's scary the power you have over me Steve, Tony remarked, with one word you could break me… I should say kill myself. Break, you already did.
Obviously, he was very stressed. More than his outing to the Italian restaurant the day before. It was officially their first night as a couple and Steve felt awkward in more ways than one.
They had returned to the bedroom. Tony had pushed back the soiled bedspread, inviting Steve to come and lie on the sheets. Steve no longer had the strength to think or reason, he accepted the invitation and lay down in the king size bed.
century. Easy to say. A lot of things were still really taboo in his mind. There was a lot of silver that being said. The technology was amazing, the food amazing, the freedom to love whoever you wanted was surely what appealed to him the most ...
This power Tony had just mentioned went both ways. In one sentence, he had totally torn part of his heart out. His guilt constantly molesting him. Steve didn't want to have sex anymore, he wanted to cry instead. Tony instantly noticed that those words had just made his lover suffer. That was absolutely not the point.
And to make matters worse, Sharon was a good friend of Natasha. Retaliation would inevitably make its appearances. He hadn't yet thought about how he was going to end their affair. However, if he could avoid mentioning his infidelity, he would.
Steve's eyes widened when he clearly heard Sharon's voice moaning loudly through the speakers. His hand had involuntarily squeezed his erection. He had uttered an uncontrollable cry of satisfaction. And there, behind him, he had heard a sob.
Steve had confessed to Tony that Bucky knew about their secret affair. And of course, Tony was confiding in Bucky. Something had to be addressed for Bucky to push him in this way to change his stance on abstinence. Steve immediately asked Tony if their not making love had become a problem. At the mention, Tony shrugged, assuring that he would keep his promise and that Friday wouldn't let him fall into temptation anyway.
For their first time, they had dined in a fancy restaurant where Steve had felt uncomfortable. He was skimpy in his suit that Sharon absolutely wanted him to wear. There hadn't been the prices on the menu. He hadn't understood half of the dishes on offer. Ultimately, it was Sharon who had decided for him. A disaster ! Despite the Great Depression, he had never liked seafood, for the simple reason that he got sick every time. Even with the serum, he was still disgusted with it. Still, that was one of the things he had explained to Sharon on their first outing. She had obviously forgotten. Plus, Steve had paid a hefty mark for miserable plate content. In fact, he was still paying. Not that it bothered him, he was the man after all. However, with this new century in which he was bathing, he would have liked to see from time to time, the financial support of his partner. Perhaps it was still too early in their relationship.
The soldier had thrown his head back, eyes rolling in their sockets as the words paralyzed his brain. The aftershocks were equally devastating, making him shake and pant.
Steve hoped it was just the emotion. If he ever made Tony cry, he would never forgive himself. He can put this on his list of bad deeds as well.
- Is there a way for you to talk to someone about this problem ? Give yourself something that would keep you from ejaculating so much. Maybe also do something to make yourself less sensitive. You moan really loud and it's a bit awkward. I mean for my neighbors !
Steve hadn't known what to do at the time. He was tempted not to answer. However, this initiative could be catastrophic. Sharon might need help, her mission going awry.
Steve had poured his seed into Tony for a long time. The hot liquid that covered the walls of his rectum overflowing from his hole. His body had been shaken by the time his orgasm subsided and the impregnation freed him from the shackles of ecstasy. Out of breath, exhausted, his skin covered with sweat, Steve had finally opened his eyes.
At the sensation, Tony had thrust his pelvis forward, rubbing his hard cock against his erection. Steve must have stood up to utter a cry of pleasure mixed with surprise. At the time he had been scared, but Tony had wrapped his leg around his hip to maintain contact. Steve had plunged his eyes stinking with lust into Tony's. He was going to lose control, he had known that the instant his genius licked his lips. Before even any semblance of reason came to him, Steve had lifted Tony into his arms.
Guilt was pouring out over him with voracious hunger. He had made love to Tony completely forgetting about his girlfriend in the process. He had been so good, so fulfilled that he hadn't noticed where his footsteps took him. He had no regrets, not after the incredible night he had just experienced. However, remorse was very real. He had always had convictions about married life ; trust, dialogue, respect, attention and loyalty had to be nurtured.
Nothing was fixed. Steve knew, the conversation about what had happened was going to have to be brought up. He had hurt, hurt the man he loved above all else. He would spend his life making amends. So lost with the dreadful fear of being a hair's breadth away from losing Tony, he had forgotten one thing.
He had taken a long shower struggling with the different scents he could use. He had changed clothes six times before opting for a safe bet, his black jeans and blue shirt. Tony once told him he looked gorgeous in this look. Of course, Steve had that in mind. He had even finally unwrapped the bottle of perfume Sam had given him on his birthday. Really, he had felt stupid for not being able to control himself. He had felt like that character in that vampire movie Wanda had made him watch. Bella something who was on her honeymoon with her newly newlywed husband and was panicking about spending her wedding night. He had felt like her. Relatively humiliating if you asked him.
- I have some convictions Tony. And when I realized I had been unfaithful, I was ashamed of myself, Steve explained with emotion. I didn't think I was capable of adultery. Although I'm starting to realize why I got there.
- That's what I'm asking you, cover Tony and me while waiting for me to do things correctly with Sharon. When that is done, I would formalize my relationship with him to others.
They both obviously wanted it and Steve was ready to reverse that decision. Besides, at that moment, he was really determined to take Tony to his room and completely depress him. The desire to defile and take possession of his body was relentless.
Back at the compound, he had torn several punching bags in anger. His temper was execrable towards the others for several days before he was called to order by Natasha. Bucky had wanted to help before being turned away.
- It's okay Steve, he had whispered, his eyes shining with unshed tears. You can make as much noise as you want. People other than me can hear you here. It's soundproof, remember ? Never be ashamed of what the serum gave you. It doesn't define you. He never did.
Not to help the situation, Bucky urged him to take action and debauch Tony in a hot and passionate fuck.
He had wanted to flee, but his legs had not operated. Instead, he had grabbed Tony in his arms, kissing him breathlessly. He had wanted to hope, to believe in these words. And Tony had responded eagerly to his lips.
Giving Bucky an answer about how he felt during his scorching night with Tony was beyond his reach. Or the words hadn't yet been coined to define it.
He was hurt and interpreted the words as he always did. Tony's life had been one of disappointment, betrayal and violence. No one, except maybe Pepper, Rhodes or Happy had really behaved well with him. They had all at some point committed one of these three acts towards him. And Steve had even done the combo of three in a split second. So, it was no wonder that his insecurities spoke before his reflection. There was no procrastinating. Tony needed clear sentences that left no room for doubt.
So it was no wonder that Steve spends a large majority of his days training the troops and spending his energy in the weight room. In the evening, he always passed by the bathroom hut for a long and delicious handjob before going to join Tony. Steve had stopped counting the movie nights that always ended with an unpleasant touch of the armor on his body. Tony and he always found themselves laughing at this situation. Every evening, Steve wisely returned to his quarters although he was anxious to stay for the night. A decision that wouldn’t have been wise because Tony wasn’t sleeping with the reactor.
The dialogue was perfect between them. Steve congratulated himself on that. They had learned to speak in an open, mature conversation. There were no longer the screams and the sideways glances before. Since the events in Siberia, there had been a lot of change. When they returned to the Avengers complex, all had not been rosy. Yet, gradually, the first stages of an amicable conversation had emerged. And since he had started their love affair, it was really different. The word osmosis was used. Tony was happy. He laughed and was lighter every day. Of course, there was no sex, but the love was even better. The whole team appreciated this new Tony so fulfilled. Everything was perfect.
Her eyes fell on the man sleeping in her arms. Tony was so handsome, the features of his face happy and relaxed. Waking up to Tony was like a magical moment marred by his abjection.
And what he wanted had been sitting quietly on the living room couch. Unintentionally, he had caressed his erection on the denim of his jeans. He had let out a moan. In his horror, he had realized what he was doing. It was evil and perverse. He didn't want to fantasize about her. Never. He had just wanted to surrender to Tony and break this nonsense his decision once and for all. Unfortunately, he hadn't hit the "off" button but had triggered the speaker in his panic.
- I would also like to multiply the really super intense night that you gave me. I mean, make love to you.
Steve was apprehensive. Tony could think and imagine a whole bunch of complex scenarios where it all ended in a break between them. He had hurt Tony. One more time. And his explanations may not have been enough to stop what had just happened.
Of course Tony was going to take it all on himself and say that what happened that night was due to too much wine. A mistake they could easily forget. Steve was no longer fooled by his masks.
Steve had just run several miles with agonizing thoughts. He had cheated on Sharon, that was a fact. However if Tony was unaware of his affair with Agent 13 then he had cheated on Tony as well.
- I'm sorry, Steve continued, his voice raw, I should have had more control but this fucking serum… Tony, I love you so much. I loved you the moment I first saw you in your beautiful armor in Germany. I loved you on the Triskelion when your beautiful face appeared to my eyes. I never stopped loving you. And my love for you grew day by day destroying me from the inside. Every time we've had an argument or got into a fight, I've lost part of myself. I couldn't bear to hurt you. And I know what it looks like right now. But I promise you what you saw is not what you think. I was thinking of you. I only wanted you. I don't want Sharon. It's just that my body reacts to external stimulation, regardless of my will. But my head and my heart was in the living room with you. I wanted to cut the line and find you. Nothing to do with my decision, I wanted you. I have dreamed for years about having what we have today. And I don't want to lose it. You’re my Universe, my fucking reason to live in this century. And even if I was given the power to go back to '45, I never would. Not without you by my side.
"Transportation out of this forsaken city," Loki replied, his eyes narrowing at the implication in Doom's words.
"You sold Phil's apartment," he said, seeing no reason for Fury to be giving him a check otherwise. "You sold—"
"We're mostly living under one roof," Tony said. "The master assassins are finally on speaking terms again. So yeah, I suppose it's nice."
“That’s probably true. I've just always read more often. I don't really have a lot of movies I consider relaxing to watch” Bruce answered, opening one of the cupboards to his tea.
"Do you know how heavily redacted all files about you are?" Steve asked in response.  "And any questions I asked you got sidelined with offers to use your shower."
"And you've been standing there a while, haven't you?" Clint asked, bracing his elbows on his knees and looking up.
"Hell if we know, but he apparently liked Howard," and Rhodey saw the tiny way Tony's shoulders shifted back.
"You're not as old fashioned as the footage made you out to be," Tony said. "You're pretty alive and warm and not-vintage to me."
Taking another breath, Clint glanced up at him and very carefully managed not to slide away from the touch, much as he wanted to. "Yeah?" he asked, voice hoarser then he wanted it to be.
Looking toward the kitten, Bruce drew a deep breath and rose to clean up the kitchen speaking to the cat, "Do you have any idea what just happened, because I don't know if I do."
Startling at that, Bruce frowned and spoke softly, "Not that I'm disagreeing, if you're talking about who I think you are, but...I don't think I'm getting the full picture."
Tony finally sprang back into motion, bringing the phone up to frown at the pattern. "Too busy. I don't think busy and the Hulk on the same floor is recipe for success."
Steve weighed that answer, considering its merits before he nodded slightly, "How long have you been meeting him?"
For a long moment Thor just stared at Loki before he abruptly burst out laughing, causing Loki’s spine to stiffen in offense. “You think—is that what any of this is about?”
"No, it's not," Clint started and sighed. "It's not quite that, but sometimes it sure feels like it," he said, drawing his knees up to his chest. "So, what about you? How was your dinner or whatever you were going to."
"Yeah, so am I," Clint said. "Trying not to think about things I mean." He veered into the media store, free hand shoved deep into his pocket.
She smiled in return, "He was adorable last time I saw him. But I’m sure he enjoys having a name now."
Natasha watched them go, still considering the room as a whole, "At least someone appears to be having a good Christmas Eve."
"Cats are always adorable and tolerable," Clint protested, finally depositing the kitten in her hands with reluctance.
Stepping out and pulling his coat a bit tighter, Bruce shook his head, "I'm still trying to figure that out.  Any suggestions?"
Thor nodded. "A bookstore seems an exciting place," he said, actually meaning it though the thought of books still reminded him more of his brother than anyone else.
Tony shrugged, still grinning. "It was such a nice change of pace." He almost added something glib about a lack of windows with a drop that could kill him. Setting his glass down, he pushed his way to his feet. "And yet, it is time for me to leave."
"It is good. It means he's not just destruction. It doesn't make me happier about the blackouts, but it helps a little," Bruce replied, offering Clint a faint smile, though he'd startled at the touch.
"One tale gives him a daughter.  And yes, I believe we could, but I do not know what that would look like or entail," Loki's tone was neutral, leaning toward dismissive of the thought.
"Well, you can have the couch," Tony offered, "And I certainly have a whole lot to offer in the drinking department."
"You'd have to go through Thor," Tony reminded him, still underneath the table. "And he wouldn't take kindly to you going after his brother. I'd shelf the revenge gig for now."
Steve sighed, looking at the bag slung over his shoulder instead of Tony. "At least that's the only answer I have for you."
Bruce spoke softly again, "You said four guys and a girl? You're asking Thor and Agent Romanov too then?"
"Well," Tony shrugged. "He wasn't doing anything?" It felt weak to his own ears. "No, no, scratch that one."
“I’m fairly certain he’s not allergic to anything,” Jarvis replied. “The serum and so on. However, you should probably find a different peace offering if that is a concern.”
"Don't ask," Clint muttered, shaking his head slightly as Tony swept over to the lady he'd never met before.
Tony hummed, turning the screen to consider them from a different angle. "Yeah. Should be better, and it might not be bad to have several functioning suits ready at any one time."
“Alright, fine, I promise not to get into a fight with Nick Fury,” Tony murmured when Steve pulled away and Steve shook his head at him.
"Did I put any caveats on the original promise?  Tell anyone and you can go back to testing your drinks for poison."
Bruce finally figured out where to hang the mistletoe and managed to get it put up, considering the room at large and the fact that they still had a large number of lights.
"Not really," Clint said, kicking his feet against the building. "I mean, it's just... it's nothing really. I'm just so irritated."
Before Bruce could reply a roll of thunder rumbled above them, lightning flashing past the window in the next second. “Is Thor upset again?”
Eyebrows shooting up, Clint shook his head. "Not sure I want to hear that story, come to think of it," he said. His body language was open as he leaned into Bruce's space, but he had not reached out to touch him.
"We know we'll throw the other over if it comes down to it.  We both have stronger loyalties than each other," she agreed.
"You mock me with those words. I would say that Odin Allfather was rather clear as to how little chance there was," Loki snarled, shoving against Thor again and considering how quickly he might reach the concealed knife he carried on his person.
"Yeah," Tony said, breath hitching and hoping it wasn't heard. "By the by, Natasha's been bitching in her quiet, understated way about the lack of hot water." He had thought about it for a while and thought he had figured out why Steve kept using it. "Until I can remodel your floor, you should use my shower. The knob is like, three feet away from the shower head and it's a different tank than the other floors."
"Supposed to be...?" Steve let the question hang, holding himself shockingly still, Tony's hand barely not touching him.
"I still think we should have melted that ornament down," Bruce murmured, getting bread toasted and making sure the coffee pot was full.
"Yes," Bruce agreed. "It also makes them someone else's problem.  And if they can't survive two sentient fondue sets considering the kids they're always dealing with, then they have bigger problems.  Besides, the other guy doesn't really like Wolverine."
Also this story underwent a fairly extensive edit over the last month or so. Most of it was just tightening up scenes and sprucing up dialogue. The only scene with a full on tonal change was the one between Clint and Bruce in chapter 11.
“Alright, fine, solid deal,” Tony said and gestured Steve back in. “But first you gotta seal it with a kiss.”
He was still murmuring to it by the time he'd reached the tower and taken the elevator up to the main floor.  Entering the kitchen, he set the bundled jacket, with a now sleeping kitten in it, down on the table and started going through the cupboards, "Jarvis?"
Steve finished cleaning the fondue set, drying it off and setting it down on the counter, watching the older one approach again, "Well, I guess we go without fondue."
"Only their ornament section," Tony said, waving a hand. "I didn't want to have to pick them out at this point."
"He used to be," Tony sighed. "He cheated rather severely a couple years ago, not only cheating death itself but de-aging himself along the way." Clint nodded, realizing now why the man's movements seemed so off.
"So we just picked up a stray?" Tony asked, arching a brow and for a second Jarvis' panel flickered like he was laughing.
"Exceptions to the rule," Tony said, squeezing his fingers in Steve’s hair, holding on where it should have been painful.
"Only for a few years, then Tony took over," Rhodey said. "More or less. He was more focused on creating things that blew up than signing paperwork so it was more of a partnership."
“Nope,” Clint chirped, perching himself on a stool an narrowing his eyes at the device Tony was working on, trying to figure out what it’s function might possibly be. “Bruce needs to be educated not only on how to relax properly but spaceships. You need to relax too.”
“Why would I be pleased by that?” Thor asked. “Seeing you once a year, when you think you would get amnesty from me? Is that what our lives are going to be like now?”
"Too much effort tonight," Loki replied, watching him go and waiting before departing in the opposite direction.
Swallowing, Clint looked off to the side. "Nick Fury dropped by to give me the money from Phil Coulson's apartment," he said, and was suddenly heading back toward the stairs.
Frowning, Tony looked between him and the glass. "All the good?" he asked, head lolling back on his shoulders as he considered the soldier.
"Hey, Thor, we're doing fondue!" Tony called down the hallway, startling Thor but he only shook his head. Natasha frowned slightly at that before pushing out of her chair and going to check on Thor, letting the others get started on the fondue.
"Well, you could have asked," Clint said. "Probably wouldn't have answered but—Steve was there when they finally told me about, about his death," Clint said. "So he heard. And all of Shield more or less knew. I did tell Tony. Mostly because I wanted him to get me very drunk."
"My mansion is not moldy," Charles replied with a long-suffering look.  "And it's been remodeled so many times I'm not certain it even has a specific design anymore."
Tony blinked at him for a long moment before he nearly folded in half he was laughing so hard. When he finally caught his breath back, he straightened the kinks out of his back. "So, I should probably start reading some of those books if there're more stories like that."
Folding the paper and sliding it under his arm, Loki looked around and finally up. The corners of Clint's mouth went up and the bow was in position between one breath and the other. He fired the arrow off, aiming for Loki's shoulder.
Bruce's gaze moved to the ties, "They sent you Agent Coulson's effects."  It wasn't a question, though perhaps it ought to have been.
Something stilled in Thor's face and he shoved Loki into an alley, out of the way of most passersby. "You've been watching?"
me,” he repeated, arms actually starting to shake a little bit. “Tasha, I…” he shook his head, finally turning his head slightly toward her.
Steve kissed Tony passionately. He wanted to prolong the contact, to feel more of the man in his arms. Continue to fuck him and follow Bucky's advice.
- It's been a long time since I made my choice Bucky. I will break up with Sharon as soon as she returns.
- Sorry, Tony apologized flatly, I forgot to tell Friday before the launch. I'm a little nervous actually.
Steve gasped in surprise when he saw his red shirt open with two buttons at the collar, revealing his olive skin and the purple stain that delicately adorned the knuckle of his shoulder. Steve swallowed hard enough to let it escape his mouth. Tony was gorgeous. He had combed his hair disheveled. They were shiny and silky, curling at the tips. His shirt was cinched close to his body, perfectly fitting the muscles of his stomach and his arms. As for his pants, he left nothing to the imagination.
- No wait, Steve stopped him, locking him in his arms, listen to me before you start to think you did something wrong. It's not you, okay ? It's me. I have acted completely badly towards her, but I absolutely do not regret what we have shared.
Sharon didn't deserve this. He had assured her that he was not the kind of man to sleep on the first night. He had spent whole evenings telling her that he needed time before he ventured into sex. She had listened several times to his refrain on exploring intimate relationships, step by step so as not to rush.
The movie had just ended when Steve leaned over to kiss the man in his arms. Tony responded to the kiss with a surprised gasp. It was soft and tender. At least at the beginning. Quickly, the kiss turned to lust. A burning desire leaving them with the urge to touch and stroke.
So many photos… There was one of Natasha and Clint in training, one of Bruce handling test tubes and another of Thor eating Pop-Tarts. The Hulk was pictured on a longer frame, smashing a car. As amazing as it was, there was even one of Maria Hills and Fury in the middle of a conversation. Coulson had his place too, he looked like he was making a face. At the center of it all, Pepper posing for a stunning portrait. And the young Peter Parker showing his diploma alongside a proud Tony ...
All the Avengers had this type of Stark Phone. They were real little technological gems that the market did not sell. Tony had designed them himself, so that they had high resolution screens, equipped with a sensitive camera and an indisputable sound quality. Only the Avengers had this type of device. They were untraceable except for Friday. They were also connected to a satellite which allowed them to call in completely deserted areas or in the heart of a forest. They were also waterproof, fire retardant and ... tough. Shocks or falls, they were resistant to the foot of the Hulk or a 5 meter glide.
Steve felt knots forming in his stomach. He couldn't do that to her. He knew Tony enough to know he was going to be upset by his attitude of rejection. He had already woken up in an empty bed without a word of explanation. Now he pretended to ignore her. He was hurting the man he had loved for years. Again !
- You have my blessing 1000 times to be with the man you love for years. And you know very well that I love Doll. Did you tell him you wanted to be with him ?
The AI replied that it was already done and as if to prove it right, the door opened revealing a breathtaking Tony.
Steve had let himself be carried away by his desire to touch that skin, kissing every square inch. His hands had caressed her body with sensuality and teasing touches leaving Tony breathless.
The soldier bit his lip, refraining from being too enthusiastic about the request. He had kissed Tony as if to pour out all the love he had for him. Steve hadn't stopped telling him how handsome he was, how gorgeous he was ... He couldn't stop the praise as his words had been kept in secret for a long time. They had needed to take them out, to express them.
- Tony, I'm sorry I left you like this this morning. I had to go run and let off steam. I had too much energy ... he apologized as he walked quickly over to Tony.
They watched the film in silence, totally immersed in the story of King Arthur. Gradually, after having had their stomachs full, they got closer to each other to finally cuddle.
- Ok, I'll tell you another way, Bucky chided to make Steve understand that he was on the wrong track. Sharon, you didn't love her and she doesn't love you. She shows you off like a stooge,
On the way to the driveway, Steve had contemplated Tony's new car. A red and gold Lamborghini SC18 Alston with the Stark license plate. Steve had rarely seen such a beautiful car. Tony had tastes of pleasing luxury.
But Tony had looked at him with the best smile he had ever seen. He looked so happy, so overwhelmed that Steve couldn't believe it. It was too good to be true. He had had such a look that Steve's heart had capsized.
Steve propped himself up on one elbow, "And how are you planning to leave the floor without Clint killing you?"
That earned a wry chuckle, "If we can find one.  I need to do a bit of shopping to find gifts while we're looking."
Tony shook his head all the way back to the tower, muttering about Charles. He deposited the fondue sets where they belonged, watching the way they actually cuddled together in the cupboard for far too long. It was a revelation from his AIs he actually had no interest in seeing but couldn’t look away from.
Steve tried it all out and kissed Tony. He didn't immediately respond to the kiss. Steve was frozen in an unfathomable fear of having ruined everything. However, Steve had never backed down from a fight. He wasn't going to let it all go downhill with a phone call from a woman who didn't deserve his affection. He continued to kiss Tony with chaste, gentle touches. The genie wrapped his arms around his neck and finally returned the kiss. Hesitant at first before letting it melt.
It was not that easy to mention. The last time he had made this request to someone, and by that someone he meant Sharon, he could have read some indignation. But not Tony. He accepted it without asking a question or scowling.
However, watching a movie that he considered pornographic alongside someone was really difficult. Conversely, being alone in your room on the PornHub site was not a problem. It was all a question of limits and privacy. And Sharon had never taken into account that he might feel embarrassed and uncomfortable in certain situations.
- I don't know where you're taking me. I don't want to look incorrect with my outfit, Steve replied very embarrassed.
Gaining the security of his own room, he quickly changed into a gym outfit. He needed to burn off this negative energy that had been invading him since waking up. He was angry, not at Tony, but at himself. He had lacked control and willpower. He had been weak, letting Tony lead him into lust.
Before they talked about getting into a serious relationship, everything was uncertain. Indeed, happiness was unstable even though his heart still skipped a beat when Tony stood by his side. Let that become a reality and Steve was ready to fight anyone who stood up between them.
She chuckled. A horrible laugh that had made him roll his eyes. She could be irritating at times. Even more now that he didn't want her in his life anymore.
Tony had arched into the sensation, moaning in his ear. Encouraged, Steve had run his hands over his body, feeling without hesitation his buttocks that had made him fantasize.
His white shirt, unbuttoned at the collar, showed the hollow of his collarbones. She fell loose on her hips delicately raised by black pants that hugged her buttocks sinfully. Tony had the best ass Steve had ever seen. Her olive skin had seemed so soft he wanted to stroke it. Her jet-black hair made small curls down the sides and some fell to her forehead making her look mischievous. The idea of running his fingers through the strands had been tempting.
Steve knew he shouldn't wait too long. Tony was going to start making scenarios that all ended up with the same conclusion : that he wasn't good enough and screwed up everything he touched.
The touch of his tongue had sent Steve into a spiral of heightened sensations. His body had reacted to this with such force that he began to shake. The kiss had ignited at the first moan. Steve hadn't known who pushed him. He had been completely lost in the desire to savor that mouth and hug Tony against him in a firm grip.
The genius had not chosen for him. Instead, he translated all the dishes on offer explaining how it was cooked. In the end, Steve had had taste buds reacting to the spaghetti all'amatriciana.
The conversation during the ride was a mix of jokes and teasing, often leaving them both twisted with laughter.
Steve froze. His erection was totally gone. He held Tony by the arms, trying to keep in touch as long as possible before it was all over. The man was crying loudly, struggling like hell begging him to release him. Steve knew, if he let go of Tony, it was over. His genius would take refuge far from the complex to admonish and hate him. Steve didn't know how to express what had just happened.
They had walked under the moonlight where she had recounted her adventures in college for the umpteenth time. He got bored quickly, his mind willingly wandering. They had returned home for a nightcap as usual when Sharon had kissed him. She had been quickly enterprising. Steve had stopped him. Sharon then insisted, promising him that everything would be fine. Reluctantly, he had finally agreed.
Then suddenly Tony had grabbed his forearms, his fingers digging hard into his flesh. His facial features had frozen in an expression of ecstasy as his rectum tightened around his cock. Tony had let out several high-pitched moans before his erection ejected several strings of cum onto his stomach and chest.
At the other end, Sharon had... heard it all. She was left shocked on her bed, tears streaming down her face. In his eyes, hatred poured out along with betrayal and humiliation. The only thing she was holding back in a mad rage was...
He was horrified to understand what Tony had interpreted. A conversation too long and the genie had come to make sure everything was fine. A moan, a view of what was going on in the bathroom and Sharon's voice ... Tony had witnessed this. Like a deception. Somehow it wasn’t totally wrong.
Steve had agreed with perhaps a little too much enthusiasm. He had had such a good evening that he didn't want it to end.
- Ok. You can count on me. And when it comes to sex, go ahead. Don't get frustrated. You've wasted enough time with Tony.
Tony had invited him over to dinner to talk about the final adjustments he had made to his suit. Steve immediately agreed.
Bucky was outraged at such behavior. His face, like his gestures, betrayed a form of annoyance. He, who was just an everyday stoic mask, had a revealing expression.
Tony's apartment had been surprising to Steve. He had expected it to be ostentatious and gigantic. It had not been. It was certainly spacious, the kitchen open to the living room. The large bay window overlooked a landscaped Zen garden, where a small fountain cooled the ambient air. Steve realized that the decoration was very Feng Shui. It was amazing to see Tony's eclectic tastes. A trait that Steve had discovered that evening. Another discovery caught Steve off guard. On a section of wall, near what must have been a bedroom, were hung photo frames.
Slowly, he had passed the rectal ring. Tony had arched his back, muscles tight with the intrusion, heaving a small gasp of contentment. The sensation on his compressed penis inside Tony had left him moaning. He tensed when he heard himself like that. Tony had smiled at her, eyes twinkling with ravenous hunger. Encouraged, he let himself go.
He stood up and joined Tony in the kitchen. With the halogen light on, Steve noticed the dark spot on the bottom of his pants and the bump on the front. Tony was excited. He was no better off with his jeans on the verge of tearing their fly.
- Last night, I was so good and so happy to be with you that I forgot everything else. Including that I was not alone. Tony, I have… a girlfriend.
Arriving at the weekend, Sharon called her to warn her that she was going on an undercover mission for several weeks. See one or two months. When she hung up, Steve had felt a tremendous weight drop from her shoulders.
- You said you loved me, liar, Tony cried in tears. I trusted you and you... Why are you so cruel ? What did I do to you to make you want to destroy me like this ?
When they saw each other again. Sharon did everything to appear the ideal girlfriend. She had even cooked up a small candlelit dinner with soft music. When she wanted him to dance with her, he had categorically refused. He could not. It was something too personal. She hadn't insisted. Steve hadn't had such a bad evening. It was just that he didn't feel any pleasure to be with her that night. He had even hoped he would be called by Natasha to settle an urgent matter. It would have been more exciting.
His cute little sin that had been a great substitute for alcohol since he'd been sober. Steve had never been so proud of himself when he showed the whole team the last gold chip he got in AA.
- I'm sorry Tony, apologized the soldier, I'm asking you not to have sex until I talk to Sharon and I'm the one who starts the foreplay.
They had ended up in his room, lying on his bed. Everything seemed to be going well. The little kisses had been shared with the promise of more as they stripped each other naked. And as Steve had feared, his body had reacted too strongly. As soon as his skin was in contact with hers, the sensations were too great. He had tried to calm his moans, noticing that Sharon had looked at him worried and doubtful. The condom put on, he had been patient, taking a deep breath so as not to feel intoxicated by the sensations. Some movement and he had lost control. He snapped the headboard in its grip, screaming as the orgasm hit him. Knowing that the condom would not hold any more, he had pulled back. The ejaculation was then continued for a long time, covering Sharon's body by a significant amount. Sharon had looked horrified and disgusted. She had pushed Steve away to run in the shower, leaving him alone, ashamed and humiliated.
Bruce watched him for a long moment before picking up the dishes and slipping quietly into the kitchen to give the other man space.
Sometimes Thor brooded and they got unexpected rain to the point that the weather men were starting to label surprise storms as Thor related. He even made it rain once in New Mexico by accident until Darcy demanded he stop.
Natasha already had her phone out for exactly that purpose.  She placed the call on the way to the register, hanging up and looking at Tony, "Next year we start this a month ahead."
Clint waved his spoon at him. “Hey there. How’s the evening going?” He didn’t comment on Bruce’s lack of perception, having watched him enter silently, eyes following Bruce’s movements across the room.
"I fall and the Other Guy keeps me from ending up flattened," Bruce answered, but focused his gaze out or up rather than down.
"Thank you," he said, hiding his face in his hands. "I just want him back. With the fucking picket fence."
Very carefully, Clint didn't reply, taking a hasty swallow of the coffee instead. "If you say so," was all Tony muttered as Thor surveyed the room.
Steve picked up a box of ornaments and started hanging them as Bruce opened another container and pulled out a couple of sprigs of fake mistletoe.  He blinked at them and considered where it would be possible to hang them.
"She didn't tell him that Agent Coulson died," Steve answered. "In fact, from what little I picked up in the debrief she told him not to 'do that to himself.' I can only take a guess at what that might mean."
"I was at a bar, he was at a bar, we snarked at each other while circling around for a while and I don't know, it kept happening," Tony shrugged. "I mean, chaos god and insanity and world dominating tendencies aside, he's not
"Has she touched your lab?" Clint asked. "Is this a territory thing? Has she invaded your territory?"
Not even asking what decorating was happening, Tony led the way out, leaving Clint and Steve in the living room.
"You can take it back," Tony said, setting aside the socks and arching a brow at Clint's childhood crystal growing kit, Bruce's alarm clock with removable panels getting a smile and then becoming entirely distracted with the Asgardian compass Thor had given him. He still had Steve's present on one knee but hoped the compass would be a good excuse for distraction.
"I think we've done enough of that," Thor said, his face serious and hands clenching before carefully releasing. Jane reached up to comb her fingers through Thor's hair.
"I guess I have time to convince you," Tony said, a little weakly. "I hang out with super villains after all."
Charles turned on his charming smile, leaning against the bar, "And you.  It's quite an honor.  Tony's told me so much about you."
Tony made it down the stairs in a sleek bathrobe, hair wild around his face and walking past everyone else already gathered for the kitchen. "No one talk to me until I have coffee," he muttered.
Steve's hands slid up Tony's back, running parallel along his spine as he pressed in close again, drawing back barely enough to murmur, "And you are?"
When Tony came back downstairs, Rhodey and Pepper packed him off, saying something about a benefit gala that they had promised to attend. As soon as all three had left, Steve emerged from the kitchen just long enough to wish everyone a good rest of their day and disappear up to his floor.  Jane watched him go from where she was still curled next to Thor, "This might be the strangest Christmas morning I've had."
Bruce sighed, "You can make a new life.  You started to do so while I was in South America.  Why not try again?"
"It's a skill you're supposed to practice," he said, wanting to pluck out a pair of those sunglasses to have sometimes to cover his eyes. Hesitating, he decided that he might as well, picking up a red tinted pair and putting them on without bothering to remove any of the tags. "Generally, Pepper buys her own presents."
"I do insist," Steve said, shaking his head.  "I'm beginning to understand some of the things Colonel Rhodes said."
"Yes and no," came the answer.  "I've been wanting to do it for a while, but the action itself, yeah, because I didn't really intend for that to happen."
"You're only so-so on this whole friendly talk over drinks thing, aren't you?" Tony sighed. "I thought we'd been doing well."
Natasha arched an eyebrow and pulled back a sleeve of the coat to reveal the kitten, "My God, Steve, where did you find it?"
"Eh," Tony shrugged, waving the bottle dismissively. "It'll be a PR nightmare I'm sure, but the building is still self-sustaining and I'm sure I have room somewhere. Besides, I sorta wanted to run an idea by you all when I'm less drunken like."
Bruce paused for a moment before asking quietly, "Did you do much of that traveling with your brother?"
“You still have it, don’t you?” and there was something lost in Loki’s voice that made Thor’s shoulders drop for a moment.
Thor frowned, approaching the kitten carefully, like he expected it to be something else, before he reached a hand out, lifting the kitten’s paw with one of his large fingers. The kitten mewed at him and after a moment he grinned, lifting the entire kitten up. "Ah, good!" he boomed, the kitten rubbing his head along Thor's beard. "It shall grow up to become a mighty warrior!"
"We always have berries," Clint said. "Except, oddly, strawberries which is an issue I am just not gonna touch."
Bruce paused for a long moment, not entirely sure how to respond. He finally lay a hesitant hand on Clint's shoulder, opting to remain silent.
"Well, I'll change my viewing selection tonight then," her lips quirked upward.  "I had been considering
Tony blinked as the elevator doors opened and Clint stood there. "Hello?" he offered. "Oh god, do you need a place to stay to? Because I already have two Asgardians, one of which is pissier then the other, and a scientist and I don't have that many guest rooms do you know how much I'm going to have to remodel?"
Thor walked into the kitchen and frowned when Clint actually startled away from him. "What?" he asked. "Is something the matter?"
Jane turned, her face lighting up when she saw him, "Thor!"  Steve looked in her direction, smiling faintly at her as she crossed the room quickly to Thor.
"Perhaps opening presents would cheer you all!" Thor said, looking around at his companions and sighing before joining Jane and leaning against her side, arm slung over her shoulder.
"Less than it used to.  I managed to get some control over it since I was last in the States, but," he paused and shook his head.  "New York's always put me on edge, and I've been living so long without control over it that I guess it's automatic to avoid anything that might let the other guy out at all."
"Not yet, I think he promised to make a new one," Clint shrugged. "I can't tell if doing that to Steve's Christmas present means they're getting along or not."
"From you?  Certainly not.  But you know I much prefer the classics.  The lines of modern style are so....clean cut."
"I've been noticing, that, yeah. She seems to organize everything around him too," Bruce remarked, a hint of a smile on his features.
“It’s dangerously close,” Tony muttered. “My dad would sometimes too, usually when he was drunk and trying to figure out how he sired someone like me.” Steve shifted slightly at that, but forced himself to still again, muttering a curse at that.
"I know," Clint said. "Shield actually had a briefing on the damn thing and whether or not it should worry us. But I stand by what I said. You need to probably ask him, sometime, when you're not being dicks to each other."
"How did all of you manage to forget a holiday at once?" Fury asked, eyebrow raised. "There are six of you plus Jarvis living in that tower."
Victor tilted his head to one side, intrigued by the mention of destroying another world. He hummed again. "You'd be surprised at what some of us mere mortals can do then."
"I am hoping that I am not," Thor said, "But as usual I expect that you shall prove me wrong, though you have done little enough harm now." He took a step back toward Loki. "I am already weary of the scope our lives are taking. I try and find you and we fight and I drag you bloodied to a cell you only escape from. How long do you intend to play that game?"
A voice spoke from the door, "The papers are already dealing with the fall out, and seeing what they can do on their own for naming all of you. Just be glad the Bugle's going gentle so far." Pepper said as she entered the kitchen, "Tony you didn't tell me everyone was staying over."
"I work with Darcy, my life is spent watching strange people," Jane answered, leaning her head briefly against his arm.
Clint looked over at him, eyes narrowing slightly as he still was unsure how the soldier was reacting to the news of his past lover but Tony sat up quickly enough he hit his head on his coffee table. "Steve!" he said, waving a bottle. "We're getting drunk. Join us."
"You know, that's entirely true," Tony said, shrugging into his coat and checking his watch one more time. "I'm sure I'll see you around at some point or another, one way or another."
So instead he pressed a kiss to Steve’s temple, and let him hold him as long as he needed to as the rain fell.
"But I have one really honest question for you," Clint said, leaning back against the wall. "What the hell do you think that arc reactor he has does?"
That earned another laugh as Steve fumbled with the fly on Tony's pants, before getting distracted and going for the shirt instead. It didn't take him long to undo all the buttons, almost tearing a few of them right off the shirt before he pushed it apart and Tony sat up to shrug it off his shoulders and throw it somewhere off the side of the bed. When he fell back down, Steve sat back on his knees, letting his eyes rove over the other man before leaning up and kissing him again, "Gorgeous."
"Betty, I can't offer you a normal life.  I can't offer you even a safe place to finish your research.  I'm wrapped up in this life and the Avengers."
Steve entered the room, glancing toward Tony and pausing when he saw Charles, "Oh, I didn't realize there was a guest."
"Yeah, Iron Patriot or whatever he's calling himself now certainly doesn't have a hole carved in his chest, he has a nice one that sits in the suit when he needs it," Clint said and Thor slipped out, following Tony.
"Tony, I'm trying.  I'm blundering my way through it, but I'm trying," Steve said, leaning back on his heels.  "I'm tired of fighting with you.  But every time I open my mouth something else wrong comes out of it."
"Alright, keep telling yourself that," she patted his shoulder once as she slipped off the stairs into her floor.  "See you in the morning, Clint."
"I think they both would like certain types of books, maybe," Bruce answered.  "Tony doesn't take the time to watch movies—and he could put them on as background noise in his lab—so my guess is he wouldn't take the time to read.  Clint, I still don't have any idea about him, but I don't think I want to get him a book at this point.  It just, doesn't seem like the thing to do this year."
Betty held up a hand to cut him off, "If you say friends, Bruce, I will waste the remainder of this perfectly good wine and ruin your shirt.  We won't."
"I wonder if she should tell the company," Thor mused. "Admittedly, I was mortal then, and it would not work now but they could se—" he broke off, thinking he saw a flash of green and his head jerked around but there was nothing there.
Something flickered in Clint's eyes and he tilted his head. "Has the other guy ever been gentle?" he asked and almost kicked himself for asking but the description of whale sharks had felt too close to something else for him to keep his mouth shut.
"Maybe so."  He had a feeling she had been right though.  The waiter returned and Bruce signed the slip, rising as Betty did.  They picked up their coats and headed for the door, hailing a cab and sharing it to her hotel.
"Do you want help with the lights?" Clint asked, suddenly appearing at his side and taking note of where the mistletoe was so he could avoid it.
Clint crouched on the roof, bow in one hand and resting on his knee as he watched the street below. He was not actively hunting Loki, which was the only flimsy excuse he had for if Natasha or Bruce ever found out he was out alone with his bow hoping Loki would pass nearby.
"Well, we both come from rich families, right? Have you ever been to a party hosted by those sorts?" Tony asked. "Everyone's smiling and lying and stabbing each other in the back."
Jane looked over the back of the couch, offering the new arrival a welcoming smile, "Christmas gifts.  Care to join us?"
Considering, Tony tapped the counter. "I suppose the one on the left," he said finally, motioning for the clerk to fetch it.
Bruce poured himself another mug of tea and turned back to Clint, "I do know. But I also know you take risks that most people wouldn't think to take."
"It's not avoiding," Tony said, mouth thin and the display by his elbow beeped, a reprimand from Jarvis that what Tony was doing was exactly that and he scowled, shooing the text away with one hand. "More or less, it's not."
Once their cups were acquired, Thor and Darcy exchanged stories over them, teasing jokes that Eric laughed at and Jane smiled but by the time they were returning to the tower, Thor looked over at Jane. "Is something the matter?" he asked, as the elevator slide open again in the penthouse.
“What, right now?” Loki asked and gestured to his side, where a bandage was now faintly visible through the hole torn in his tunic. “I don’t think that would be advisable, do you?”
Bruce tilted his head back to look up at the sky.  Fewer stars were visible than in other places he'd been, but he could still make out Polaris, "Are you alright?"
Clint accepted as the kitten came back over, twining around his forearms and licking the inside of his wrist before hopping off the counter. Bruce watched the kitten cautiously, "He's growing up fast, isn't he?"
“Good,” Tony declared, looking uncomfortable, as if he had exposed himself and wasn’t really sure what he’d gotten back. “Well, if you wanna get to sleep I’ll just… leave you to it.”
“Because while I may be known for being terrible at dates after the fiasco last year I’ve been trying my best to pay attention to dates. And by that I mean I have Jarvis actually remind me now because let’s be honest, if I haven’t learned by now, I won’t.”
Clint’s mouth twisted and he turned his head, staring intently at the wall before he sighed. “This would be confusing enough. It’s just. We hadn’t known each other all that long—”
"They're doing well enough.  It's the teachers I have more difficulty with, frankly.  The students just need a place they can be themselves," Charles answered with a slight shrug.
"Natasha ordered me one," Thor said. "Or it was for Clint and ended up in my hand. Sometimes things like that happen.”
"Can we start at least hanging them soon?" Tony asked, holding one up and considering. "I sort of like this one actually."
Steve came to a stop next to him, both of them in the doorway, "Tony, what Rhodey said earlier.  About the terrorists, and revenge? And a box of scraps in a cave?  What really happened that I don't know there?"
"We'll need a tree," Steve said.  "I can see about finding that, but we'll need garland and lots of ornaments for it."
Leaning back, Victor von Doom considered the hotel room he had all but packed up, miffed that his plans had once again failed. It was time to return to his castle and lick his wounds. He dropped the vase he was considering stealing for the hell of it when a flash of green light appeared, leaving one annoyed chaos god in its wake.
"Well, I hardly expect you to do it out of the goodness of your heart," Loki replied, calling in a single golden apple, his long fingers curling around it.  "You're quite good with magic and with machines."
"I know the man was frozen for decades, but he needs to think before he speaks and not assume that people agree with him," Bruce said, carefully not looking at anyone else.
"I'm still figuring out how destroying a few pieces of glass and plastic got a lid there in the first place," Fury said, watching her carefully but keeping the tone as light as he could.
"Oh I expect that lid to come off in a series of spectacular explosions.  But they shut it down for Christmas at least."
"Oh," he said and grinned. "Yeah. They seem to have been a success so far though Clint is annoying as hell when he wants something."
“I would not without discussing it first, no,” Thor said. “It is a conversation the three of us would have to have as equals.”
Natasha sighed and shook her head at Steve before following Tony.  Steve paused long enough to gather half of what remained, glancing at Thor, "I really need to not open my mouth, huh?"
For a moment Thor only stared at him, eyes dark before he dropped his hand. "Happy Holidays, brother," he said and turned, walking away.
Tony laughed. “Every tabloid in the world disagrees with you, and quite a few international business journals as well.”
"It's feeling like a possibility. Bruce was too on edge earlier, and if I see him again I'll probably just say something stupid."
Bruce looked around once they were outside again and asked something that had been on his mind for a while, "What's Asgard like?"
Tony entered, and stopped, having come to check on the popcorn and decided that going back to staring at Steve’s gleaming blond hair in the changing light of the film was preferable to watching an international spy and assassin have a breakdown in his kitchen. He waved to Natasha and retreated quickly, Thor already enthralled with the actors on the screen.
"I suppose so," Tony shrugged. "Use that one," he added, pointing to the gold star instead of the snowman or the angel that looked a little too angelic for him to stomach.
Steve rocked back on his heels, keeping his gaze focused on Tony even as he really regretted opening his mouth in the first place.  He hadn't even been thinking about the weapons when he'd mentioned Howard playing fast and loose with the rules—the testing and design of those had all been sanctioned, "So they're not the best weapons in the world, they're still there and they're still killing."  He needed to stop, long since.
"There are gifts exchanged?" Thor asked, starting to look happier than he had since he informed them his brother was missing. "Ah! May I invite Jane as well?"
Tony’s eyes darted up. “I didn’t mean to say that,” he said, not quite panicked yet because he had faced down gods with less fear and fallen through the sky in a depowered suit without feeling this twist of worry underneath his rib cage. His fingers twitched again, aching with want.
"I don't understand the relationship you have with anyone in Xavier's mansion so I don't think I can actually say anything there," Steve finally allowed.
"Evening, technically," Tony replied. "Try not to destroy any buildings I like," he added over his shoulder.
Tony looked at the watch. "Um, well, it's still early," he said, even though the watch face told him most people were probably asleep.
"Most people don't think I need anything else going to my head," Tony said, sitting back and touching the side of his own head.
Considering him for half a moment longer, Tony pivoted on one heel, stomping out of the room. Clint waited until he thought he was far enough away and looked over at Steve. "Oh my fucking god, Rogers, are you a moron? Is that normal for you? You weren't this defective earlier tonight."
"I don't know what you mean," Clint said, crossing his arms and leaning further back on the couch where he had been sitting.
"I'm not good with this trust thing," Tony said. "And to be fair to that, you haven't seen me try to make anyone hate me."
Steve's muscles rippled under his skin at that touch, "Agreed. Do I ever get to see this prototype?"
Bruce startled slightly at that, but nodded, "Help with the lights would be good.  Starting with where to hang them."
Bruce considered that for a long moment before nodding, "Yeah. I wouldn't know where to start to describe this," he gestured to the city as a whole though he meant the earth more than anything, "to anyone."
"You're taking in strays.  You know that's how I started.  Though I started far younger than you did," came the self-satisfied response.
"My brother," Thor said. "He has revealed himself to you," and Thor was not surprised by that fact, even if he wanted to be. "How is he?"
Bruce paused for a long moment, gaze moving to the drop from the Tower, "I suggested it, I'll admit that."
"I don't know," Tony said, considering it again. "He lived in India a long time. Seems to fit the aesthetic in a more mild way."
"No, but they're hard to miss when one walks past a newsstand," the other answered dismissively.  "How long do you think that you and said national icon will last?"
Thor blinked once, having been intent on the hurt under his chest instead of other things, like the Midgardian notions of privacy, and the fact they were both in Tony's bed. "If you like."
"I honestly don't know."  Steve looked briefly like he wanted to retreat before asking, "Why did you kiss me back?"
"We're not kidnapping the lobby tree," Steve replied.  "It's a nice tree but it's already been decorated and it's our own fault for forgetting."
Charles watched him go before shaking his head, "Is there anyone in this business who doesn't have a list of issues a mile and a half long?"
Jane offered him a smile, "Well, we would have, but I didn't know until Darcy handed me the ticket and Eric drove us to the airport."
"In this city?  Yes. In case you haven't noticed it's a hub of activity, on several planes," Loki replied, trying once more to twist his arm away.
"I wouldn't recommend it being anything that you like. If it irritates me I'll incorporate it into the students' training regimen."
"Well, that's one way to do it."  Bruce pulled out a couple of boxes of lights and tossed them to Steve who started weaving them onto the tree.
"There's decaf," Darcy said, already bounding back in from the kitchen and going straight for the door. Touching Jane's shoulder, Thor followed.
"I," she hesitated at that and offered a slight tilt of her head that could be taken either way, "Sort of.  I've been thinking, and I'm not quite sure how to put it into words."
Mind on fondue sets and offers of protection and gods who moped too much, Tony wasn’t paying attention as he entered his own rooms, pulling off his jacket and starting on the top buttons of his shirt when he pushed open the door to this bathroom.
"I'm allergic and I haven't been around cats since, well since.  I don't know how the other guy would respond to allergic reactions or cats in general," Bruce answered after a moment, pouring more batter into the pan.
"Well," Thor paused. "Humans are on a faster learning curve than Asgardians. It shouldn't even take you a few hundred years." He offered Steve a smile and started for the door, carrying the boxes easily.
Steve sighed, head poking up out of the covers and pausing when Tony sat down on the bed beside him, dropping the strawberries next to his head. “Where did you even get those?”
For a long moment, Rhodey watched him. "Alright," he said after a beat. "What do you want to know about then?"
"No," Steve answered, shaking his head. "This is about a scrawny kid from Brooklyn who still isn't sure he fits in his decades old new skin."
Natasha sighed, they could be there all night.  She pulled out her phone and dialed Clint's number before she thought about it, "I'm calling to let them know we're going to be late."
Steve nodded, a large, dopey smile on his face, "Yeah, I learned from my mistake." Tony felt his chest tighten again and leaned down, covering Steve's smile with his own mouth and for a moment, where everything felt still, he thought this just might work out.
that night alone still just--" and she broke off shaking her head. Steve looked more and more like he wanted to turn back time and take back things he had said the longer the conversation went on.
Bruce’s eyebrows rose, “I had heard there were movies. I think I may have even seen one or two of them ages ago. I just assumed that you’d want Steve more familiar with the characters? But, since this seems to be your brainchild, what would you recommend?”
"Maybe," Tony said, sounding doubtful. "I mean, sure, everyone is different, but she lied to him. That's gotta sting, above and beyond losing his lover."
Dinner passed in conversation and talking about what had happened in the time since they had last seen one another.  Or rather, Bruce would deflect or give vague answers about that time, but was more than willing to encourage her to talk.  He was able to talk at length about some of the locations he had been but never in too much depth about why he had been there to begin with.  Her research seemed to be progressing, though there had been a few setbacks—nothing as major as his change fortunately—and her father was foaming at the mouth about Bruce being back in the States.  SHIELD had pulled off a pardon and protection for Bruce and the scientist wasn't sure whether to thank Fury or assume he now owed the man something.  He would go with the second and wait for the other shoe to drop.
Tony shrugged. "Mostly if you've been lucky in the last thousand years or so," he grinned, leaning back. "And if there's any evidence to back such a thing up."
"You poor thing," Tony drawled, leaning against his work table and folding his hands. "Having to live in a place without a specific design anymore."
Pepper settled her head against his shoulder, considering the flooring, "What's the general design on this one so far?"
"Because I wanted to talk to you.  Because I meant that kiss, and I wanted to know if you did.  Because I was stupid enough not to see that you lost your other half earlier this year," Bruce replied, approaching the couch.
Steve took a drink of his coffee, letting the words sink in, "By live with you mean beyond the next few days?"
"Apparently Natasha complained to him about a lack of hot water.  His solution was to offer me his shower until he can remodel my floor again.  Any insights or suggestions?"
“You don’t have—“ Clint shook his head. “What sort of movies do you have then? Because honestly, I could do with something with spaceships.”
She shrugged, "You never plan to do anything. You just do it. You wake up one morning and find you're in process on something you didn't realize you were doing and JARVIS and I will have a long conversation about it approximately three days before you realize it too. Unless it's science and then we'll have the conversation about three days after."
"We're going to count running into Loki as an acceptable level where you need to call me," Steve answered.
“Well good,” Loki said. “Do you—really expect it to just be this easy? Kiss me, inform me you love me and we’re going to show up to Jane and be like oh yes and you might be picking up my brother as well?”
Her brows drew together slightly as she considered that, "That's kind of an odd question. Am I happy? You're my best friend, Tony, and you have been for years and years."
Steve leaned in to nip very lightly at Tony's ear, tracing feather-light circles on Tony's hips before he returned to pulling Tony's pants off, Tony trying to help but they got distracted kissing again with his pants only halfway off. Somehow they finally managed it and Steve pressed him back onto the bed, murmuring, "Alright, so that's the tip of the iceberg with my own issues there. Why am I not allowed to compliment you?"
Steve simply pushed the untouched cup of coffee toward Tony, rising to pour himself another one. Bruce entered, looking rumpled and with a rather severe case of bed head. He poured himself some juice and settled at the table.
"He started talking about Howard and the Stark company building weapons," Clint said, watching Tony shift away from Steve. "And then Tony stormed off and got carried back by Thor."
"He still gave it an AI, which is pretty much evidence of a gamble," Clint pointed out, drifting closer.
"Apparently," Natasha replied, moving over to perch near Clint. Thor looked down, taking a deep breath and turning to walk back out of the room.
"Excellent," Thor said, holding the door open for the woman behind them who blushed slightly at Thor's beaming smile. He stopped though when he actually got a look at the bookstore. "There are," he started. "Quite a number of colors."
"Well, that requires pre-planning, though in the future I should probably plan for the fact that Nick Fury is an asshole," Tony replied, waiting until Pepper was closer to slide an arm around her waist.
Steve responded before he thought about it, turning his head so Tony missed his cheek and caught his mouth. One arm slipped loosely around Tony's waist to balance him. Startling, Tony almost fell back but then he remembered what it was like to kiss someone and he reacted on automatic before the reality of who he was kissing hit him. He started to move back even though his mouth became more desperate.
- I have the impression that you took it for a regiment. I’m wrong ?! he observed, looking at the two big boxes in his hands.
; he still had difficulty in controlling his strength and was losing his virginity with this pretty blonde.
- I'm sorry, we're going to have to decline. My guest is seafood intolerant. Could you give us a moment to find another one of your wonders to taste ?
The soldier nodded, enjoying the gesture and smirked playfully knowing Tony was considering a next time. He was even happier, when Tony had offered him the keys to the Lamborghini.
Everyone who followed Bucky's photo represented him. Steve had put a hand to his mouth, swallowing too much emotion. The first showed him and Tony smiling at each other. The second was taken during an audition for the Avengers. The third, more recent, showed him shirtless lifting weights. And the fourth was the most iconic. He was wearing his stealth suit, his hard hat in his hand, looking out to the horizon. Steve hadn't known how Tony had captured this moment. It was during the invasion of Doctor Doom. They had fought his killer robots for hours. When the Avengers had everything under control and Doom under arrest, they had been exhausted. Steve had remembered looking at the horizon to watch the sun setting over the ocean. Tony had almost died that day and Steve had never known such terror.
He had been suddenly terrified, seeing Tony already pushing him away to run in the shower, disgusted and horrified. Steve could already hear him tell him that he was a fairground freak and that he should go see a specialist to fix his problems.
He turned around instantly. Tony stood in the doorway, his features frozen in unfathomable sadness. A mask of betrayal worse than the one Steve had seen in Siberia. His eyes were dripping with tears he hadn't tried to contain. Steve had watched in dread his Tony in pain. He could almost hear his heart implode as Sharon cried out in her orgasm. The moment was a nightmare.
Steve gave a broad smile of relief. Tony was amazing, showing humor as he asked the unthinkable of him.
At the time, it had worked more than he expected. He was exhausted, his fists aching. He had taken a shower before going to the shared kitchen. Everyone was having breakfast, including Tony.
The brunette got up from the couch and almost fled to a safe area. Steve completely out of breath from their fiery embrace was caught off guard. He closed his eyes, overwhelmed at his lack of willpower when it came to Tony. Steve had asked him to be clean for the next six weeks and what was he doing ? He was about to lay Tony on the couch and rip his clothes off. Bucky was right, he wasn't going to last that long.
So he technically had very little experience. However, he had a lot of theory in store thanks to a Bucky who recounted his conquests in great detail. He had hoped that Peggy Carter lived up to his expectations to have a more or less normal life. Indeed, with the serum that had transformed his body on many levels, he was sometimes a little embarrassed by it.
The fear of losing the other had advantages in raising adrenaline and dopamine. The winning combo for a round of phenomenal sex. When Tony gave him access to the inside of his mouth, Steve moaned as their tongues connected. He felt his erection rub against hers even though the size gap was a bit awkward. In a gesture, he lifted his genie in his arms, placing it on the console of the basin. Steve was so ecstatic that he pulled off Tony's clothes in sudden movements, tearing the fabric unrestrainedly. These long weeks of abstinence had increased her frantic urge to touch her lover. Excitement at its height, Steve unbuckled his belt to open his pants. He released his erection. Tony opened up to him so eagerly that Steve felt himself hot. He knew he wouldn't hurt her. Tony was so wet and dilated that his cock despite its imposing size was not going to meet any resistance. He slid inside him in a smooth movement, making a hoarse gasp from both of them. Steve slammed and pounded inside him, moaning and screaming, unable to swallow the little air they consumed. Steve opened his heart with each back and forth, his voice covering the snap of their skin. He wanted Tony to know how important he was to him. The words of praise were sung in a refrain of lust. Their exchanged kisses were sloppy and interrupted by the need for oxygen. Tony arched back in a particularly intense push.
Steve might have laughed at it if the situation hadn't gone a hair's breadth away from becoming chaotic. Tony was more flexible in his arms. He willingly let himself slide against him in the embrace.
Tony smiled at him, before returning his attention to the movie. Steve had stood up to go to the nearest bathroom before answering.
Tony had called for a hug, their bodies closing in on each other as they kissed passionately. Steve had never felt such a connection, his soul leaving his being to unite with Tony's.
Steve had further proof of Tony's love for him. He was going to be strong for him and do whatever was necessary to have his decision upheld.
And of course, Sharon wanted to retry the experience. This time, she hadn't run straight into the shower. No, she had done worse. She had reacted negatively.
As for silence ? Tony had stayed quiet in his arms, not making comments or starting to talk about anything and everything. It was restful and calming.
Without his great hearing Steve would have missed it. The next second, Tony was literally hugging her to share a kiss of love. The soldier willingly sank into it, loving the feel of Tony's lips on his. He was never going to be able to go without passing. In truth, he would surely even spend a lot of time kissing her.
Each layer of clothing had been carefully removed with tenderness, without haste. Almost timid gestures.
Steve was stunned for a brief moment, remembering that he had never been able to hide anything from his best friends. He had always drilled it up to date.
; he had just put on some protection when the girl's father unexpectedly returned. Captain America or not, he had been thrown in the face with a shovel.
Breakfast continued in lively conversations between team members. Steve didn't notice that none seemed suspicious of him. However, it wasn't going to last long. With Natasha and Bucky in the area, he knew his infidelity would soon come to light.
- The first time, she screamed in horror pushing me to go wash, explained Steve still disturbed by this reaction. And the second time around, she advised me to go see a specialist to fix my side effects of the serum.
He also explained to her, without going into details, that his stamina and other little things could be a problem during intimate relations. It hadn't bothered him either, although Steve had noticed a little disgusted look.
- Tony, I'm so sorry to have to tell you this. I couldn't hide a thing like this from you and that you would learn it for yourself later as we started to see each other ...
There was also this little thing that confused Steve. Bucky and Tony had become very good friends, to put it mildly. He knew from experience that leaving the two together unattended could lead to crazy situations. Like the time they decided to bake cookies at two in the morning. They had ravaged the common kitchen after a battle of flour and eggs. Quickly, little animal words were exchanged between them. Not that Steve was going to mention his jealousy of his best friend. Wasn't Cap or Capsicle so bad ?!
- I understand that it hurts you so it's not difficult to find me a motivation to stop us when we are overflowing a little. Abstinence rhymes with love, Tony confessed.
Tony straightened up to meet Steve's gaze, enthusiasm on his face. Her eyes had become marbles illuminated with undisguised joy.
- Pop corn ! Tony exclaimed, gently pushing Steve away with the bowl, Friday put us Moana from Disney ...
A month had passed and Steve was living on cloud nine. Her relationship with Tony was just pure bliss. They discreetly went out to restaurants claiming a business dinner for the members of the team. Bucky, as promised, was covering his back. Tony and he tried to see each other as often as possible while keeping the necessary distance. Steve was still on the verge of pushing Tony against a wall and kissing him hard. Her dreams had taken over all night long, prompting her to do dirty things. Tony had more willpower, hiding in the armor when things got too hot. He had programmed Friday with a protocol called "chastity".
A quick walk through the medical area and Bruce had given him a nice bandage. Wanda had promised to take care of him, Vision helping her get back to her quarters to rest.
Feeling butterflies in his stomach was a first for him. He was going to work hard to make it work. Within hours, he had noticed some noticeable differences between Sharon and Tony.
Steve stiffened. His body had reacted in the most devious way possible. His erection had stormed his pants. The image of her lying on a bed lost in a hotel deep in Thailand had excited him. He imagined her body covered in sweat pushing a stimulator into her vagina. Hearing her moan her name had been more than he could take. His heart had pounded at a breakneck pace where he had craved more.
As for their friendship, it was on the way to rebuilding week after week. Tony was spending as much time as possible with team members, despite working long hours in his lab and at Stark Industry. Team building sessions were always successful. These were the best times Steve was having as Tony had become more accessible, more serene. And finally, like a broken bone re-welded, their friendship had grown stronger than before.
He had felt himself blush like a crayfish, very uncomfortable with the situation. Unfortunately, the image that came out in his head had been halfway between wanting to see and wanting to hang up.
- Oh uh yes, of course we can make the final adjustments to it, Tony said hastily, his voice hoarse.
Steve watched in fascination as a gigantic screen descended from the interior of the ceiling obscuring the Zen garden. The glass panels of the bay window turned opaque and the lights dimmed. It was even better than in a movie theater.
"And how did Liam handle that?" Tony asked, scratching the kitten's ears before moving forward. "Alright, so you kissed Clint and he bolted. You realize he was sleeping with Phil Coulson right?"
," he dragged out the word he denied as applicable to them, just to see how Thor would respond.  "No need to come chasing after me only to repeat the pattern all over again."
"Better paranoid than dead," she replied automatically as she folded herself back into the comfortable leather couch that Tony had furnished her with, looking for all the world as though she'd never moved.  "What happened?"
“But this isn’t about what anyone asked me to do,” Bruce said. “I like you. I want to be with you. And apparently the Other Guy likes you too—which actually I’m not okay with and that’s going to take some dealing with,” and Clint choked on something that was almost a laugh. “But yeah, I can be patient.”
"You are too good for your own good," Clint muttered. "Alright, so you get choice of the pickings then."
“I do not like being without you,” Thor said. “I would rather not face another year without you by my side. But nor do you get to command who I give my heart too. Can you not accept it has room for two people?”
Moments later, Thor came bounding out of the elevator, several packages of different sizes in his arms. The wrapping on them certainly was not what Bruce bought, instead the boxes were textured in brown and gold. "What?" Tony blinked. "Where did you find that?"
"So I don't know if comparing him to a whale shark would help or not but it sounds about the same," Clint said.
Natasha had come out to join them, taking up her position beside Clint automatically whether he wanted her there or not. As Loki's gaze swept past the two of them she leaned over to murmur in her partner's ear indicating the muzzle over the would-be ruler's mouth, "Silence is silver apparently."
"I was thinking about it. I might wait until he's done with the remodel entirely, but then I'll probably come," she answered, watching him from the corner of her eye.
Bruce pulled his coat closer around himself and glanced at Thor, "So how big a log are we talking about?"
“Sure, we’re at a truce,” Tony said. “He seemed offended on my behalf with Fury and I let him use my shower. We’ll be fine.”
Steve looked hesitant at that, but Bruce cut in, "I'm not big on cats, but my guess is that he'll decide whose kitten he is. I'm sure it could be set up as a rotation if people want to share him."
"It must be nice to be so rested," Victor said, smiling behind the mask. "So why are you coming out of cozy retirement now?"
Bruce turned and disappeared up the stairs. Though he was still hanging lights, Clint looked over as Bruce left, letting out a breath.
"Well there goes my excitement for this week," Clint huffed, finally started on the food that had been left for him, the cheese starting to go a little cold.
He shook his head, mostly to himself before crossing to the other's side, "Not quite sure yet.  Every question that I think of might just make us both angrier."
Tony snatched it up and held the cup almost defensively in front of his chest. "It would be for your own good of course."
"We've been grating on each other’s nerves from as soon as we met," Steve answered.  "I think this is worth working through those fights, but I also can't see the future.  From where I'm standing now?  I'll say again, you're stuck with me."
"Do I have a reason to be more nervous about finding something for Tony?" Steve asked, unwilling to admit to the uncertainty that was coiling in his gut.
"Yeah," Clint said, saying nothing about his early morning foray that both made him feel better and worse. He leaned over to knock his knee against Bruce's.
Bruce moved over next to him, looking at the books, one in particular catching his eye for Thor, "I like it.  There's still so much about it we don't understand and can't explain.  But we try."
"Eh," Tony managed and stepped back to prop himself up on the counter before grabbing Steve by the belt loops and dragging him forward. "Think everyone else has figured it out yet?"
But, he reminded himself over and over, that was just Steve’s way. It wasn’t actually a reflection of who he thought Tony was.
"One of our—well, my friends," Thor said. "It was the Warriors Three and Sif—Fandral is one of the Warriors Three," Thor added. "Fandral, Volstagg and Hogan."
"I'd quit working with the military," Tony shrugged. "You weren't supposed to know about the suit yet."
"I hope so," Clint said. "I mean, sure, we fought together a few times but I don't really know him at all but the way—Bruce didn't really look like himself either."
“It involved a long trip to Arlington, but it, it went well I guess,” Steve answered softly as he set his bag down by the end of the couch that faced the floor to ceiling windows opposite the elevator.
Still staring, Clint started running through covert missions to kill Fury without anyone being the wiser—but Natasha would probably figure it out, and while he'd picked up from her silent looks that she wasn't currently talking to Nick Fury either, he figured she wouldn't forgive him assassinating the man.
"I don't doubt that at all," Bruce answered.  "But you've got people who'll do anything to get you out of it again."
"Uh, not sure it was a moment," Clint said. "I just liked animals. Doesn't matter beyond that. I'm pretty equal opportunity for elephants and kittens."
"I'm sure it's the teachers, but I thought you trained most of them yourself anyway," Tony said, glancing over at Steve and wondering how much he disapproved of Charles' idea of what was a grey area.
“He’s been upset a lot in the last three months,” Clint said, looking at the window as the rain started to fall. “I think it’s all directly proportional to how long it’s been since he’s seen Loki.”
Tony abruptly shook his head. "Yeah, a right old snarky queen is left in his place. But while we're on this subject, I've been meaning to ask. Steve picked up a kitten and Thor looked really freaked out for about the first thirty seconds."
"What about it?" Tony asked, frowning as his hands started moving, tossing parts off the diagram and building new ones between his fingers.
"It's not him who is in charge of my sentencing, or the commutation of said sentence, though, now is he?" Loki shook his head, "Redemption isn't something I've ever wanted, nor needed."
Bruce came to a stop in front of the shelf holding books on the Brooklyn Dodgers, frowning slightly at them, "It's hard enough shopping for people when you know them.  Last minute gifts have always been difficult," he picked up one of the books, opening the front cover to skim the information about it and then checking on the short author's biography before deciding that it would do.
“Uh-huh,” Tony agreed and he looked around the room again, Nick Fury coming out of the kitchen and pausing when he found Samuel sitting on the back of the couch and meowing for someone to either pay him attention or open the wrapping of a present because he wanted to play. Tony started to feel his hackles rise as Nick considered their cat but then Nick did the last thing Tony expected which was to lean down and actually
Clint paused before slipping forward, sliding his arms around Bruce's waist. "I want him gone." He felt like a kid, asking for physical comfort but his whole body had started shaking with rage, even though he wasn’t crying.
“You seem to feel pretty confident in knowing when he’s going to be showing up though,” she said, looking at his wrist.
"What are they like?" Bruce asked as they reached a store that he thought might have something for Tony.
The scientist nodded slightly, changing the subject, "When did you figure out you were a cat person?"
The other man propped himself up on his elbow to look at Tony more carefully, "That's a lot to live up to there."
Tony blinked again, mind catching up. He propped himself up on one elbow, looking down at Steve. "Oh. So does weed affect you then because I thought you were being way too calm. Final thought, does the public know you use your mouth that way?"
Setting him down gently, Thor stepped back. "It is a holiday, is it not? We are celebrating it together and I am sure you and Steven will not fight again."
"He's only putting off the inevitable.  Says he thinks I should be using my time for redemption, and that this constant chase is tiring him."  Loki shook his head, murmuring thanks to the person who set down the second martini.  He pulled out the olive and passed it to Tony.
Tony frowned, not entirely sure what he was being thanked for and shrugged. "Sure. Have a good time, kiddos."
Bruce paused, reaching out to cup Clint's cheek for the briefest moment. "Alright. You know how to find me if you need me."
"No that," he shook his head, digging around in the side bar of the limo before producing peanuts, eating one before handing her the rest without thinking about it. "We're best friends. That'll never change. But it feels like it hasn't. Not that I ever say no to fantastic sex, and seeing you more often than usual but Pep, are we friends or lovers? We could be both I just don't think we are."
Bruce blinked owlishly at him as though he hadn't fully registered the idea of the invitation being extended to him for any longer than it took him to catch a flight back to Calcutta, or to some remote part of Africa.
He paused. "Alright," he said, eye lingering on her for a long time. She considered him for another moment before she slid out of the room silently, leaving the door on the latch.
Tony was suddenly up and moving toward the kitchen, leaving Rhodey and Pepper blinking on the couch. Pepper glanced at Rhodey, "You or me?"
"See, we were having a decently pleasant conversation until it came up," Loki said, waving a hand and breezing past Tony's words.
“Uh-huh,” Rhodey said, patting him on the shoulder. “That’s definitely what I’m doing here.” He glanced around the room. “So how many ornaments did you break down this year?”
Picking up a book on Astronomy, Bruce added it to the one already in his hands without commenting on it, "Who knows, maybe we'll answer some of our questions sooner rather than later."  He looked around, trying to figure out if there was anything for anyone else there.
"I am actually good at keeping myself alive, you know," Clint said, still considering Bruce's reactions but slightly calmer in the line of his shoulders.
"You should go with him," Tony said, tapping Bruce on the shoulder. "Seriously, don't let him cut down a tree. I have seen what this man does to forests first hand."
"Yes, it's wonderful," Tony said shortly and was strangely obvious Jarvis remained silent through force of will as Tony barely managed not to cover his chest.
"Are you sure you don't want to hold him?" Clint asked, looking over at Bruce and petting the kitten's stomach, wrapping a finger around a tiny paw.
I guess all this to say that while grad school was terrible and we were terrible, this story is back? Gonna try and finish this thing.
"Yeah, sure, the city that never sleeps is dull now," Tony said and blinked. "That's one hell of a gift, though. Let me guess, you didn't properly thank him for it."
Steve carefully picked up the kitten, "I'll see about getting him settled in then and we'll take him to the vet tomorrow."
"Yeah, and who else has he given a tour too?" Clint asked, leaning back and playing with the kitten who obligingly batted at his fingers.
The doors of the elevator opened again and Bruce stepped off, having just gotten back from his date. He blinked and seriously considered getting back on and just taking it up to his floor.  He glanced from Fury to Tony and back, "Am I interrupting?"
Bruce's eyebrows rose sharply and he turned away to hide what amusement he felt at that.  Steve paused, blinking for a long moment before he nodded his agreement with Thor.
Tony opened his mouth, closed it again and then laughed. "Oh my god. No, do you know how many villains I've had drinks with?"
For several strides, Thor was quiet, hand going to her waist again and looking ahead at where lights were strung up around the street, still early and still in the morning light. "More or less," he said.
"He saved my life the first time we met," Clint said. "So quite a few years where we worked as partners, he saved my ass I pulled his out of the fire. It was after we picked up Natasha by—well about four days. So long enough for me to get out of medical. Basically? Long enough."
"Except you had a choice and you just decided to give it up," Clint said, pushing himself to his feet. "And that's unfair too."
Charles paused briefly at that description, "They rather are. I still have some of the oldest ones from my family hidden away somewhere, but I can't bring them out any longer. The kitsch is all you can find these days, sadly. Did you adequately dispose of the parental ones?"
"How could I say no?  It's been, well, quite a while," he offered her another smile as they sat down.
“I like these benefits,” Tony said, catching his face in a kiss again, throwing one hand out. “Bed—that way.”
Smiling, Thor nodded. "Yes, I do believe that would be wise. I'm sure the others will appreciate it too."
"I think they're flirting," Tony sighed and Clint laughed, carefully trying not to look over at Bruce.
"It should not be a problem," Jarvis replied. "Hopefully," he added more quietly as Clint stroked the kitten's head before setting it down next to the bowls, still petting its ears.
Natasha made her way purposefully through SHIELD headquarters, instinctually avoiding the halls that most people used.  She had made an indirect promise to her partner and she intended to keep it now that Christmas was over.  Rapping twice on Fury's door she waited a brief moment and then entered, closing it behind her. There was a beat where Fury didn't look up. "I'm sure there's nothing that pressing," he started and looked up, single eye registering surprise. "Agent."
“Yeah, like in terms of movies,” Clint shook his head. “I mean, Star Wars? Or Star Trek? Or Alien? Naw, that’s too intense for relaxation right now. Space Operas, I think, would be best.”
Bruce tapped on the wood of the bar as he passed it to string lights up by the elevator, "Don't jinx us, Cap."
Tony sighed, stretching his arms over his head. "Unless Loki is actively trying to hurt people, I'd rather distract him from his bag of cats brain than try and fail to fight him."
Steve turned his attention mostly to making an omelet, as if he didn't want to look at Tony when he said, “I know I'd really appreciate having a place to stay. I was planning on taking a few weeks after that Central Park thing to deal with some things I've been meaning to see to since I woke up."
"This is a, ‘we're keeping it regardless’ moment," Natasha answered, reaching over to scratch the kitten's ears where Clint was holding it.
Bruce shook his head at that, “I’m pretty sure I’ve seen more films than you have, Tony.  And that’s really saying a lot.”
"I don't know, I've always liked pretty explosions," Clint said, and could still get away with the easy banter because he knew Phil hadn't been killed by an explosion.
"Well, when Jane was here, Thor had that look in his eye like he really wanted to give that children making thing a go," Tony said, voice light. "Wasn't he supposed to be like deity of fertility?"
"You have any idea why Thor called in a three day rainstorm?" Tony asked instead of replying to the question.
"He might like that," Clint agreed, looking over sideways. Suddenly he was thinking less of the chemistry set.
"I think we can take that as a yes," Steve answered Bruce's question.  He glanced at Thor, "Christmas is tomorrow, but I don't see any reason why you couldn't."
"What happened with Stane and what does it have to do with the terrorists?  There were a lot of things mentioned on Christmas, but I can't find the threads to connect them."
Crossing his arms again, Fury glanced over at Natasha. Natasha returned Fury's look steadily, but didn’t say anything and the moment stretched on even longer.
She pulled up in front of Stark Tower, stopping the car, "I hardly expect you to forgive me."  She paused, "Do you want me to bring Coulson's effects or are you going to come back to pick them up yourself?"
"There always is," Thor said, bracing one leg back and pushing with his hands. "But you would not see, nor take it."
He looked at her for a second before his face crumpled and he finally shed the tears for Phil he’d been holding in for weeks. Natasha hesitated for the briefest of moments and then took two steps to cross the distance between them and wrap her arms around her partner, running one hand gently over his hair.
He considered where they might find that, "It occurs to me that the two of us who are completely unfamiliar with this city are out together."
Tony's brows inched up. "Uh, I think he'd forgive you. Probably pre-emptively if you gave him the slightest chance."
“We’re not inviting the X-Men,” Steve said as Tony put away the cat treats. Almost instantly Samuel hopped down from his shoulders, walking along the counter and ignoring completely Tony’s sigh at his behavior.
Natasha sent a glance toward the ceiling, "I'm pretty certain that would entail Tony getting along with Nick even remotely."
Tony’s eyes softened slightly, though the rest of his face and posture only expressed a relaxed pleasure. “Well, everyone should have a place to go back to, shouldn’t they? I mean, especially when you don’t have a lot of pla—anyway, how’d your tour of veteran America go?”
Shifting his hands to Clint's shoulders and leaning back to look him in the eyes, Bruce frowned, unconsciously using the plural again, "We did.  And you'll be found no matter how far into that trouble you get yourself."
"Yeah, yeah, it'll be fine," Clint said, waving a hand. "Besides, I need to do some target practice and the poor thing already looks tired."
Still looking rumpled and annoyed, Tony started opening the first present he was handed before Thor scolded him to wait for everything to be passed out. Huffing out a breath, Tony sprawled backward, drinking the coffee and ignoring Steve.
That got a quiet laugh, "No, I think she's been around Tony too much to actually even consider something so daring as organizing someone's lab."
Steve glanced at her and then to Tony, and nodded after a long pause, "It's not a bad thing to have a lot of decorations."
"Everyone deserves that sometimes," Tony said with a shrug. "Any idea why they're still not talking to each other though? Because they're beating each other to a pulp every other night and not talking about it. I get everyone has therapy but..."
Thor considered. "If there is time I will come out," he said. "Or you could come to New York again."
"And you come to me for help?" Victor asked, kicking the shards of the vase under the bed. "I'm flattered I'm sure."
"Do you want to talk about him?" Bruce asked, the question quiet, not pressing or prying, just there.
"I'm," Steve drew a deep breath and looked at a window display as they passed, "I'm actually trying really hard not to think about that."
Charles turned, smile slipping more into a grin, "Why I came to see you, of course.  I haven't been able to make it down to the city since you all came together, after all."
He glanced at his watch and grabbed his cane, "I would like that tour.  I've got an hour and a half before I need to leave.  We're decorating this evening."
Natasha watched Tony leave and turned her full attention back to Clint, murmuring quietly in Russian. She stayed like that until the smell of the popcorn burning cut through and she took a step back to yank the bag out of the mircorwave. Turning back to her partner she considered him, running a hand over his hair again absently.
Rising suddenly he moved to the kitchen, bracing his arms against the counter when he was out of the others’ sight. So much for relaxing. Natasha looked up from where she was putting popcorn in the microwave, several more bags at her elbow. She paused for a brief moment before moving over to her partner and leaning against the counter next to him, “You going to be able to get through the films, Clint?”
"I'll try not to then," Steve answered, shaking his head slightly at them as he hung intricately painted globes on some of the upper branches.
"I should have blown him up," Clint corrected. "He withstood it pretty well." His hands were shaking and he scowled down at them.
"I'll make the food made first," came the quiet response as Bruce stepped past Clint into the kitchen.
"So after this we're never bringing up my dad again, okay?" Tony said, running his fingers down Steve's sides. "But he did give me one gift once. It was a prototype figure of someone he rather admired. I still have it."
Clint watched him before nodding slightly. "So, do I get to kiss you or should I sortta wait for your sign on that?"
Months passed, and the Avengers got better and better at working as a team, taking down threats as they reared their heads. Xavier still stopped by from time to time to snark at Tony, and Tony sometimes returned the favor.
Bruce paused for another moment before he set his reservations aside, leaning over and kissing Clint lightly and hesitantly. Clint tensed but didn't pull back, softening his mouth. Bruce leaned into the kiss, his hand moving to cup Clint's cheek.
"Think he would like any of them?" Clint asked, peering at the toy science kits and grinning. "I don't know, I'm thinking a crystal growing kit for him. It's flashy enough."
"Comes from getting caught in the shower," Steve grabbed another towel, ruffling his hair with it to start drying off, but making sure the one around his waist stayed there.
"No compliments?" Steve murmured, his eyebrows rising slightly as he trailed a hand down Tony's side.
"Because I told him to rot in Helheim rather than feast in Valhalla," Loki replied, finishing off the martini and flagging someone down for another.
"Good," Clint managed. "Because I never even understood the concept of rebound." It felt more like a betrayal. "And I guess—I guess we go from there, right?"
"Yes," Thor agreed, smiling at her, dimples in his cheeks and Darcy glanced between the two of them and back to Eric before throwing her hands up and moving to stand in line.
"Dude, he had literally ripped your heart out and left you for dead already that night," Rhodey said. "By the time I got there after you went after him, he had pummeled you across the freeway."
Steve thought about the sketches he had and shrugged, "There's one he might.  I could try and find a frame for it. Maybe."  He picked up one of the kids’ chemistry sets and considered it, smiling a bit, "A crystal growing kit could work."
Tony tilted his spine up into the kiss before sinking back down into the mattress. "What did Rhodey say anyway?” Tony asked, trying not to look too hungry as he watched Steve’s face.
"You mean besides mentioning that he was your first crush when we were growing up?" she asked, sliding over a bit to glance at the floor plans.
The string of words that were muttered under her breath at that were definitely not English, nor were they complimentary, "You mean to tell me that Stark's been having drinks with Loki, you found this out, and have since come to the conclusion that the Hulk is hyper-protective of you?"  Natasha shook her head, motioning to the couch, "If you can sit still come sit down."
“Is he going to try anything?” Clint asked, basically ignoring Steve, voice low and Thor glanced over.
"I heard them discussing fathers," Thor said. "I do not think people often tell them they are strong, only good warriors." He shifted and stopped walking, looking down at her. "But I am glad you seem to understand the difference."
"I’ve got every right to question him,” Clint snapped. "He tried to take over the entire world, Tony, he's not the type you steal olives from.” When Tony opened his mouth, he rolled right over. "He killed thousands of people. He threw you out a window. This is not a buddy situation!"
"Share that information and I'll gut you," Loki said, his tone still conversational as he got to his feet and picked up his coat.
"Oh you're no help at all," he muttered, running the water over the dishes and pouring in a few drops of dish soap.
Clint could feel his eyes start to burn and shook his head quickly, jamming the dark tie with red accents to the bottom of the pile before picking up the next one and taking several deep breaths.
"I can't do anything about the ticked off archer and his supportive gamma Hulk.  The chaos god hasn't done anything and we'll get an alert if he does.  So, no, I'm not actually worried at the moment," Steve answered.  "And if Bruce gets any angrier and changes, we'll get an alert for that too."
"Yeah, seriously, don't," Clint said, climbing up on one of Tony's chairs to string a light over the fireplace. "Good Christmases are few and far in between and if you jinx this one, I will personally have to shoot you."
And somehow, after some rolling around and constant distraction where Tony forgot what he was doing when Steve sucked a bruise into the side of his hip, he got a bottle of lube on the bed and Steve's fingers inside him.
Clint stared at him a long moment. "That's not funny," he managed, deadpan. "That's really not..." he turned to Fury and Natasha as if seeking confirmation that at least it was a joke.
actually cares about your dating schedule.  Those that think they do are too vapid for a stray thought or concern.”
"I've been a bit more active in looking for information about what happened to Tony, so yes."  He shook his head slightly, letting his gaze move around the office briefly before focusing back on Rhodey, "I'm not really expecting you to tell me much, but the files I can find are redacted, and I know how skewed the news can be."
She laced her fingers together, resting her elbows on her knees and her chin on her hands, "I'm not here to hand in my resignation, if that's what you're asking.  But I'm staying with the Avengers.  I'm still your agent, Nick."
"I'm hoping to," Steve answered, bringing the saucer with tuna and a small bowl with water in it and set them down near the kitten.
"You've been around since the forties, Tony less so. So far as I can tell, besides alcohol at a young age one of Howard's gifts that Tony kept was an action figure of you. Childhood crushes are hard enough to get over without looking like you," Rhodey said, watching Steve straight on. "And you kissed him first."
Tony accepted the olive, pleased to have mooched something off a god of chaos. “So what the hell brings you here anyway? Like, without the bullshit."
"Bruce seems the sort of guy who has a sense of humor, though," Steve replied, considering the assortment of puzzles.
"I don't know," Tony said. "Clint was pretty pissed. Which is not to say that he's enough to scare Loki away but if he gets active about violence, I don't know."
Bruce nodded very slightly, letting his hands drop after another moment, "I'm not sure that's something to say 'you're welcome' to."
"Steve doesn't know when to stop talking," Bruce murmured, watching where Steve put the last touches on what he was working on before stepping back and keeping space between himself and Tony.
Strangled sound coming out of his throat, Tony opened his mouth to deepen the kiss, movements hungry. “You even taste—” he muttered against Steve’s mouth and pressed back in, hand tightening in blond hair. Licking his way into Tony's mouth, Steve moaned into the kiss, drawing Tony even closer. He paused, hands tightening on Tony's hips before lifting Tony onto the counter to ease the angle on both their necks and let him deepen the kiss further.
Clint let out another breath and his smile was no easier than it had been earlier but it was warmer. "I think I need to go shoot some things. Work some stuff out you know?"
“You know, it might be,” Clint said. “It’s going to take a while. You’ve already been way more patient than anyone should have asked you to be.”
"And eviscerating you would give me so much more pleasure than poison," Loki replied with a thin smile.  "Have a good evening, Stark."
"I'm not poking. It was on top and loud," Charles repeated, frowning. "And one kiss or not, it was with Steve Rogers." He shook his head, "You're a brilliant man, Tony Stark, but you might look into the fact that the last two AIs you built fell in love promptly."
"Loud," Thor said after a moment. "Fandral wants to believe himself a lover, Hogan is more interested in weapons, and Volstagg in eating. But they can all agree to drinking."
Bruce paused before reaching out and brushing the back of his fingers over Clint's cheek, "Yeah.  We'll be there to catch you."
Tony glanced over at her. "It would be sorta bad to do his whole floor in red white and blue wouldn't it?"
Tony's expression blanked like a switch had been thrown and he dropped his hands from where his arms were crossed, mostly so that he wouldn't press a hand over the arc reactor as a nervous reaction. He refused to do anything that could be taken as a nervous reaction. "Except my father created weapons no one else could have. Whether the void stayed empty or not, at least it's no longer the
Clint shook his head slightly. "Fury, always Nick Fury. He..." Clint shook in anger. "These cards are covered in blood, but I know Phil would never have left them in his pocket where they—they could get damaged. So for some reason Fury thought it worthwhile to dip them in..."
Thor grinned at her as the others slowly moved toward their gifts, Tony carefully avoiding the gift from Steve as he opened the pair of socks from Natasha, drinking coffee still with one hand. Steve opened the book about the Dodgers from Bruce, offering the scientist a bright smile before looking over the information on the front flap.  Bruce nodded once, opening the gift from Tony and arching an eyebrow as he read the information that promised that the fountain was soothing and relaxing, his lips curved upward ever so slightly.
Watching him, Clint returned to sorting through Coulson's ties, trying to think about them as abstract colors and patterns rather than specific memories tied to buying them or pulling on the tie to drag Phil closer after a particularly bad day, with mud and rain water still in his hair.
"I think we both know you wouldn't poison my drink," Tony smirked. "But stabbing me in the face is still an option, huh?"
"And team building," Tony said, voice almost desperate. He couldn't think of a single thing to give Steve and the fondue set in front of him still didn't feel right but he was out of other ideas.
Steve considered the trees critically before picking one that was just shy of six feet tall and had the fewest gaps, "Here's hoping they find enough garlands.  We're going to need to get gifts too while we're out."
"I didn't actually mean that," Clint said, shrinking back slightly. "But why would you give something like that up? If you could keep it, I mean."
"And I'm certain it wasn't a coffee pot," Tony said after a beat and paused, thinking the kitchen had been too quiet, even with the attempt at a blender he'd made at Natasha's passing comment about smoothies. "What did I send you?"
"If you can admit to it there's some chance of facing it," she murmured.  "You'll never forget him, Clint.  You're not able to.  You love him."
"So what's the point of dragging him back if he's only hiding and licking his wounds?" Thor asked even though it looked like the words pained him.
Nodding, Bruce drew back slightly, "I have a couple of things running in the labs that I should probably check on."
"I will throw you off the tower and send Clint to deal with Erik before he finds out," Tony informed the door of the elevator as it opened up onto the main habitable floor.
Once he was safely inside the Limo, Tony became intently focused on his phone, tracing out a couple new designs. Pepper sighed, reaching down to slip off her high heels. She shrugged out of her blazer as well, turning enough to look at Tony where he was sitting next to her, "Well that went better than it could have."
Fury blinked once and shrugged. "It seemed oddly like a good idea at the time. Stark is unpredictable and dangerous as hell."
"The only person you'd have to worry about taking your stores is Thor," Clint pointed out. "Though, he could probably drink you out of your entire tower."
"Because I missed you," Thor said, still frowning. "I was certain you were not here considering how quiet it has been."
Starting to obviously relax, Tony started to lean back as Clint laughed. "Pepper, please tell Tony this doesn't count as a replacement," Rhodey said, shuffling the box so she could see it.
"I'm sure they are.  Darcy wanted me to tell you, if I heard from you, that she expects to see you sometime soon."
"And here I thought you were exaggerating," Natasha shook her head. "You're going to have to eventually talk to Bruce about this.  And no I'm not saying now.  But eventually."
“This is enough,” he said and Tony stilled for a moment before he nodded, going back to petting Steve’s hair.
He blinked, narrowing his eyes. "Just so we're clear?" he said, waving a hand between him. "I resent this alliance you've struck with my AI to plot against me."
"Then you're going to have to face it.  I've got your back, Clint, no matter what.  And as best I can."
"Okay," Clint said and inched closer again. "I'm not okay and I'm still wearing my grief like a fucking funeral shroud but—but if we get some ground rules I think... we could try. Sometime."
Tony frowned, not sure he liked the idea of an apology any more than the other things when Clint gave a sharp whistle across the room. "Hey, guys, look up."
"Of course I came up with it," Tony grinned. "Because if we can't save the Earth you'll be damned sure we'll avenge it."
“You do remember of the two of us which got into more fights, right?” Tony asked, smacking his chest. “Like one of us used to taunt bullies and the other spend most of his teenage years building robots.”
"Because it's Christmas Eve and any tree I manage to find is going to be what's left over," Steve answered.
"I was attached to a couple of those rooms," Charles protested, though he had hardly been bothered when most of the ones he remembered from his childhood were redone.
"There are gifts," Rhodey managed and suddenly Tony was up and moving, shoving a box into his chest and taking away the coffee and doughnuts. "
"It's a kitten," Tony said. "Aren't they legally required to be adorable? Besides, Rogers picked it up and he has the big eyes as much as the kitten does."
"Yeah, should have and Fury and I only sometimes talk to each other, usually when it matters," Clint shrugged. "Hearts don't matter in the end of the world. But that's not," he shook his head. "Not really what we should be talking about."
“I don’t love you like a brother,” Loki snarled, all at once, like he had been holding it in a long time and that time Thor could not contain himself as he rolled his eyes. “That is not,” Loki started to protest, hands clenching at his sides but then Thor leaned down, slamming their mouths together.
"Here, sir, but not really your agent anymore," Clint said, coming down the stairs, the kitten with Steve down in the gym, mewing him on. "What do you want?"
She listened to the phone on the other end ring, watching him and considering whether to have someone come pick up the decorations as well, "Scowling at them doesn't actually help figure out whether or not they're suitable gifts."
Tony reached his arm around, playing with Steve’s hair. “You know, I wish I could be sincerer when I say I’m sorry for what happened to you,” and Steve made a confused sound. “I mean, you lost a lot of people and that sucks, and you got thrown in with us, which also sucks because we’re not a lot anyone should be thrown in with.”
"It probably was," Steve admitted.  "Still would have been nice to know something about it before now."
“Enough that I’m certain it will prove hard to explain at some point,” Loki said and Thor took a step back, Loki staying pressed up against the wall.
Tony shook, burying his face in Steve’s shoulder. “Don’t.” His fingers would have left bruises in anyone else’s skin. “Stop—stop talking.”
"Yeah," Tony nodded. "So every time a blog or tabloid runs a story about the famous Stark and Xavier rivalry, we call each other up and meet for drinks and laugh ourselves silly."
"Well, Thor when he's here and sure Natasha can come too," Tony said, and Clint's eyes suddenly snapped cold. "I mean... a team and all," Tony said, glancing at Clint and deciding not to ask.
"Your AIs, both created since Christmas I would guess, are in love. Or something of that sort. You might consider what that says about the state of their creator," Charles suggested.
“The beauty of it is you can start with the movies if you need to,” Clint replied. “But if we’re roping Steve into this? I might start with Star Wars.”
Thor did not enter his room until late on Christmas Eve, shoulders feeling heavy as he closed the door. It was not that he was not happy with life on Midgard, which he won only after a certain amount of fights with his father. It was not even that Jane would not be there for Christmas morning this year because he was going out the next afternoon to New Mexico.
Nodding again, she drew her legs up next to her on the limo's seat and changed the subject, "The remodels are coming along well."
Charles smiled serenely, "You wouldn't actually, because that would just infuriate Erik and we all know how well titanium alloy holds up against a master of magnetism."
"Yeah, well, he figures anywhere is a place he can drop in on," Clint shrugged. "The worst thing is how right he is."
Jane leaned her head against his shoulder, "You all will work it out given time.  And if they can just communicate, that kiss implied that it could be sooner than later.  Though from what I'm seeing that's a big if."
Bruce looked at the old fondue set and then at the new one, "Does this mean we might actually be able to have fondue?"
"Because I'm a curious soul," Tony drawled, filing away the information Loki was giving him on his intentions.
“You are here, are you not?” Thor asked, walking away again, Mjölnir slung over one shoulder. “Do you need any help with your injuries, or only the silence and peace to heal them?”
The next day, Charles Xavier arrived, gaze sweeping around the lobby of Stark Tower.  He shook his head, crossing to the reception desk, his cane under his arm—he only rarely needed it now and mostly carried it for show, the metal on the ends useful to help it double as a weapon.  He offered the receptionist a charming smile, leaning against the desk.  Looking hardly more than thirty helped a great deal and he had been steadily perfecting the way his new body adapted his old expressions, "Hello, I'm here to see Mr. Stark. I'm Professor Xavier."
"That's because it's the bourbon and I learned important lessons from you—don't give me that look—about hiding my good alcohol. I don't have a ball room floor to wax."
"There's not a lot I want," he said, kicking the street as they walked and then paused. "I mean, I guess if you could find movie posters or something." Tony had done a good job decorating but Clint wasn't used to owning anything besides what he could carry or fit into a very small space. Everything felt superfluous to him.
"No," Thor said, shaking his head and paused. "I may not have been trying very hard," he admitted after a beat. "Not because I do not want to see him but because I do not wish to try and punish him again. And there has been no news of violence from him."
Jane blinked twice before looking up at him again, "No, no of course not.  I just...I forget and think out loud more than I should."
Tony blinked once before shoving the sunglasses that had fallen down his nose back up further. "Right, good," he said, mostly meaning it but also biting back comments about how one of Steve's old friends would probably be his own father. "Have fun." He glanced over at Clint who shrugged, rubbing his forehead.
feels different?"  Bruce glanced at him in surprise, "I am rather partial to the lights—hopefully Tony and Natasha can find enough for our decorations."
"It's not going to be," Natasha replied after a moment, "not fully.  Phil was a huge part of your life, in many ways he was your life.  You'll miss him for a very long time, I would be surprised if you don't miss him for the rest of your life. You'll figure it out, though, Clint.  And I'll be here while you do."
