Though when Steve first moved into the tower, there was no interaction between the two. They never talked or interacted outside of missions. Tony stayed in his lab and Steve explored the compound, soon Steve managed to find the gym and that where he spent most of his time.
The breakfast went well, all those months ago. Since then Tony offered Steve in the tower, not because Steve was Tony’s soulmate but to help with the Avengers’ initiative. Though neither could not deny the comfort they felt to be near each other and how much they enjoyed each other’s company.
Before Steve knew it, there was a pair of lips on his. Steve gasped softly, eyes fluttering closed and kissing back instantly. It felt as though electricity was running through Steve’s body. Steve could hear ringing in his ears, see fireworks behind his eyes and his soul-mark glowing with warmth.
One day Tony noticed it didn’t seem like he had his multi-tones to him anymore and he couldn’t help but be relief but in its place his knuckles seemed to be scattered with freckles. Tony brushed it off though, it was better than being cold and not tanning evenly.
After a long wait, here is part twp. The excuse I have is I'm a college kid and my writing laptop is still in the shop and I've been lacking inspiration for it.
When they broke apart they looked each other in the eyes, trying to catch their breaths. Both of their faces were flushed and Steve could hear his heart beat in his ears and he wonder if it was pounding hard enough for Tony to hear as well.
Though Steve was happy at least he still had his soulmate was still alive, he remembered when one morning he woke with a pain in his chest and saw that his mark was gone. Steve remember gripping the side of the sink too hard and break it, but then the pain subsided and he watched his mark slowly come back and for a moment Steve could have sworn it was a bright blue before it faded to its original bruise color.
Steve’s body felt his body hum, drinking in the feeling of touching his soulmate again. Steve’s eye gently closed and enjoy the comforting quiet, only hearing the tapping and clicks of the keyboard Tony was working on. Steve could smell Tony’s cologne and the mix of his shampoo and soap and Steve just basked in it.
Steve thoughts were interrupted when Fury sent a message saying he would be joining Natasha and himself on a mission to talk to Tony Stark. Steve rolled his eyes but moved to get ready. He had never actually met Howard’s kid, S.H.I.E.L.D has had a few field days with him and it turns out that Tony might have some of the same Stark charm that Steve remembers.
This event began to happen more often and soon it was a routine. Tony would come into the gym, Steve would finish his set of whatever he was doing and then Steve would sit beside Tony, who would then curl towards Steve. Steve looked forward to it, it was an intoxicating feeling to have his soulmate pressed against him, feeling like his soulmate was his. It became this unspoken ritual and neither of them talked about it because it felt sacred and intimate.
It seemed that Tony had collected all of Steve’s busted knuckle scars he had gotten over the years and that’s when Steve made the connection that his birthmark was Tony’s reactor that sat in his chest, right at his sternum. Hindsight is always 20/20 because it made sense why Natasha had actually requested Steve come with them, why Natasha had given him weird looks and why Nick wasn’t amused with his soul mark. It was because his soulmate was no other than Tony Stark, the child of a man Steve respected but would be totally happy if he had the change to punch him in the face at least once.
Tony was not born with a mark, it was a very rare thing but not unheard of. Sometimes it just meant your soulmate was born yet or died at birth and honestly Tony was okay if he never found his soulmate. While Tony never had a strict mark, it seemed like he tanned weird no matter what he did. It was almost like he had multi-tones to him, like how a countertop looks when you drop ice on it. It was enough to notice unless you were looking but it drove Tony insane, it also didn’t help that he could never seem to be warm.
Steve slowly turned to look at Tony and before he could get the first word out, the waitress came by to fill their coffee cups and as for their orders.
Tony felt bad for soulmate, if he has one he added bitterly, he wonders if they have a birthmark on their chest right where his reactor sits. And the only reason why he thought about his soulmate is because the reactor that is saving him, is also killing him. It turns out overtime and constant exposure to palladium is actually toxic to humans. Tony thought about trying to write an article about it, most science papers still claim that palladium isn’t harmful to humans but Tony know that isn’t correct anymore.
Steve did not realize that Natasha and Nick left until he heard the bells at the door chimed and then they were left alone.
The end of Tony’s leash was slid out of his hand. He heard fiddling and then the metal clip was undone on his collar. “Sit up for me, Tony.” Steve’s instruction was gentle. Tony’s body felt like it was moving through molasses, but he made it up and received a kiss on his cheek from Steve for his effort. Tony’s heart sang in his chest.
“Or… I could make you really sure who you belong to tonight.” Just tonight, Steve reminded himself. It would just be tonight. One more night.
He had to send off a post-appointment confirmation to the escort service to confirm his safety. He pulled out his phone once he sat on the couch. He confirmed the activities they engaged in, blushing as he added
Steve’s social isolation did not last long once they had all moved into the tower. Natasha and he struck up a friendship. They ran missions as a pair many times for Director Fury, and she consistently encouraged him to explore the future, even try to date.
at Iron Man before. It was a novel experience, which Steve might have found amusing had he not just been blindsided by
Tony has a small anxiety attack in this chapter, he is very nervous about what Steve thinks of him and his epic list of kinky activities he requested for their second appointment. Everything is fine.
Steve woke at 7:54am. He checked on the wristwatch Tony left on the nightstand, peering over Tony’s shoulder. The two of them slept curled up together all night. Steve’s chest felt warm at the thought.
“Not much of a conversationalist, are we?” Tony’s face lit up with a grin. Steve chuckled and felt his face heat up. “That’s alright, I’ve been told I talk enough for three!”
…” Tony’s mind floated, but he was determined to get his words out. Steve’s thumb stroked gently over Tony’s pulse point, patiently waiting. “…choke me while you fuck me again.”
Steve let out a weak laugh. “Alright, I, um—do you have a collar you’d like to wear for me tonight?” Tony’s breath came out with an intrigued hum and nodded.
“God your hole is so hungry for it,” Steve growled, “I could make you come on just my fingers, couldn’t I? So desperate for something inside you, you’d take anything, isn’t that right?”
“Nuh uh, I don’t think so.” Steve growled, bringing Tony’s leftt hand to hold the back of Steve’s thigh. His thrusts were steady, harsh, Tony’s breath quivering. “‘s that why you didn’t want rope just yet?” Steve clucked his tongue in disapproval. Tony’s moaned response was punctuated by Steve’s cock tapping the back of his throat in quick succession. “Sneaky boy you are.” Tony’s right hand was taken to Steve’s thigh too. “Hands stay there. That’s your final warning.”
thing.” Natasha explained, taking a new sip from her mug. “Remember, you don’t actually have to do every single thing on the list that a client sends the service.”
Steve was probably rattling the entire elevator with his restless leg as he ascended towards Tony’s penthouse in the tower. He was actively suppressing thoughts of how he got off on the idea of Tony roped up for his pleasure earlier that day. Meaning that Steve couldn’t stop thinking about it, really.
“There appears to have been an attack just south of the Canadian border in Alaska.” Fury and Hill stood together on the bridge of the quinjet. “An armoured truck failed to reach its destination, and the crew are not responding to their base. The truck was found when smoke was reported by a weather plane. It was damaged beyond running, with the crew and the cargo gone.”
Steve was silent for a moment, unsure of how to respond. Unsure of what the question was asking. He still remembered the kiss with Peggy like it was yesterday. It was just a few months ago. It was over 50 years ago.
“Please, sir, fuck me before I explode with frustration.” Tony twisted and wriggled the wrist currently captured by Steve’s strong hand; he needed to fidget. Steve still didn’t move. “I need you inside me,
He tried to choose his next words carefully. He spent his time wrestling with words in his mind and gently petting Tony’s hair. After a while, he spoke again.
Once Steve’s boots came into Tony’s view, the man looked up to Steve’s eyes. Steve wanted to see his neck and shoulders bruised again, bitten and beautiful. Steve wanted to touch the fading marks so badly, to press the pads of his fingers down until Tony panted for mercy or more.
Tony coughed and gestured towards the kitchen. “I’ve got a few snacks I hope could catch your stomach’s attention this time around.” He ratted himself out before Steve could tease him later. Steve chuckled.
Thankfully, Steve did not settle on Tony’s chest to hold him. He rolled to the side and propped himself up on one elbow to stroke Tony’s hair. Tony did
Everything was different. The people and places he had known, nearly all of them had gone and been replaced. He was alone, isolated.
“Look at you,” Steve cooed meanly, “so easy to take and use. I’d like to keep you.” It was startling how easy those words came to him, looking down at Tony and seeing the trust in his soft gaze. Tony whimpered a moan, eyebrows furrowed as he lifted his wrists limply towards Steve, whose insides fluttered at the sight of Tony giving everything to him without a second thought.
The presence of Steve’s hand on his skin was nearly all Tony could focus on and it felt so fucking good. Tony nodded silently before remembering Steve did not ask a yes-or-no question. “Simple, if— if that’s alright.”
“If that were true, you wouldn’t be dragging me to the kitchen, you’d be carrying me to the bedroom.”
“You’re f’ckin’ perf’ct.” Tony mumbled into the pillow. As Steve held Tony in his arms, warm and pliant, vulnerable and safe, he considered it. He could tell him. He had to tell him.
“Fuck, you want it that badly? Want me to shoot down your throat, Tony?” Tony’s fingernails pinched into the skin on Steve’s thighs, holding him close.
Tony fell typically quiet, eyes softly staring up at Steve as he chased his own release, reaching up to Steve’s chest to play with his pecs. Steve couldn’t stop himself from moaning, and Tony smiled. “Steve,” he whispered, and his own name rang in Steve’s ears, caught him off guard. “Come f’me, need it, fill me up…” Tony trailed off, eyes hazy, and Steve knew it took so much for Tony to get words out when he was floating in subspace. One more slow pull at his left nipple, a rushed kiss, and a final deep thrust had Steve spilling into Tony with a long moan.
“Tony, relax. Do you have normal food somewhere?” Steve’s hand squeezed Tony’s shoulder and Tony’s mind went blank for just a moment.
“Tony, where the hell have you been!” Tony dared not to respond to the obvious not-question and spat out into the sink. Pepper continued, “You were supposed to be in a 10:00AM meeting with the Lightman Group, which we have rescheduled three times— no, right, that’s
“What a pushy slut, I think you’ve forgotten your place.” Steve’s voice was a growl in Tony’s ear. Before Tony could think, Steve’s teeth sunk down into the flesh of his shoulder. Their position made it impossible to do any more than shallow thrusts, but Steve’s size made up for it. Tony groaned, screamed, as Steve sucked on the bite marks he made, punching moans out of Tony’s mouth as he hit Tony’s prostate.
Steve wondered if Tony would enjoy having his inner thighs pinched. Wondered what kinds of noises he would make if Steve pinched the soft smooth skin there, lightly covered in soft brown hairs. His skin would flush to a warm pink, Steve bet. He’d love to place his palms over the heated skin, push Tony’s thighs even further apart to hear him yelp and see him squirm to stay in place, then capture the head of Tony’s cock with his mouth, lap it delicately and earnestly first, then gain passion and verve. Tony would come with Steve’s name on his tongue, and his come down Steve’s throat.
“Would you like to lead me to the bedroom, then?” Tony nodded again. Steve’s hand in his hair tightened momentarily before releasing and stroking down Tony’s neck. “Crawl for me.”
Tony’s shoulders slumped at the words before suddenly he was tugged up by the collar and into position again, his breath caught by the pull. “No.” Steve said brusquely. “You’ll thank me for compliments. Let me hear it.”
Tony tried to think. If he said green, Steve would keep going. Steve would keep touching him, stroking his hair, holding his leash. But Tony hadn’t heard the rules. He could mess up, he could fail. He couldn’t bear that. Yellow, and Tony would be embarrassed, probably. He would have to ask Steve to explain again. It would even run the risk of Steve changing the game completely, and Tony really wanted Steve to stay where he was, with his hands where they were, holding and stroking and dangerous and safe. Red, and he could still be held. Right? He could still recover. This was a transaction. Steve wouldn’t just leave. Couldn’t. Right?
He took an atypically long shower, scrubbing himself down to feel fresh again before his appointment with Tony again this evening. Their second consecutive night together, which should truly be their last.
“Stark,” Steve spoke harshly, the way Tony seemed to have expected to be addressed by Captain America. Tony’s eyes bulged for long enough for Steve to glimpse, before his gaze snapped back to the floor, to Steve’s boots. “Look at me when I’m speaking to you, soldier!” Steve’s left hand shot out to grip a fistful of Tony’s hair, tugging to force his head backward. Tony’s hands flailed to keep balance, grazing one of Steve’s pant legs before resettling in his lap.
“Can’t resist testing out an ass like that.” Steve grinned, his hand rubbing Tony’s ass, squeezing and teasing his hole gently with his thumb. Tony let his head fall forward and closed his eyes.
Tony seemed coy as he led Steve to the same couch that they had sat together on last night. Not shy or anxious, though; there was a small smile on his face that Steve couldn’t quite read as playful or persuasive.
Tony noticed the tub was nearly half filled and looked to Steve with a furrowed brow. Steve smiled. “A bath sounds better than a shower right now, doesn’t it?” The question was rhetorical again.
Steve cocked one eyebrow; his face was serious. Tony swallowed, and amended, “Please, tell me… Sir.”
Tony chanted a string of ‘yes’ and ‘Steve’ and ‘Sir’ and ‘please’, his mind gone to mush as he desperately encouraged Steve to
Steve blinked and everything changed. Tony’s skin was cold, his eyes wide, expression panicked. He withdrew from Steve, scrambling to the opposite side of the bed, nearly falling right off. “You-You fucking psychopath! What’s wrong with you?! Look away!” Steve averted his gaze immediately as Tony left the bed, still nude. Steve was not going to move or leave if Tony didn’t explicitly tell him to… he wanted to stay so badly.
He brought his hands up to touch his shoulders. The skin was slightly raised and flushed with colour from Steve’s teeth last night. Tony’s fingers delicately reached to touch the stripe of purple across his throat, a small hum coming from him unexpectedly. Last night was incredible; Tony hoped to see Steve again.
The only thing that tore Tony away from what was in his hands was a flash overhead on the screens. A new email from V.P. Escorts.
Steve’s hand found the small of Tony’s back as Tony slowly descended into the water. He moaned happily as he settled in, closing his eyes. Steve turned off the faucet.
It was a few seconds of near silence, Tony’s breath shuddering. Steve listened to it intently, his left hand, still with the end of the leather leash wrapped around his knuckles, laid gently between Tony’s shoulder blades.
The next few weeks were filled with Avenger calls to assemble and a few new client appointments with the escort agency.
“Stop, stop it. It’s all fucking ruined. When I leave, I want you out of here. And I don’t want to see your face again.”
Anywho. who knew that getting a bachelors degree would take up so much time? I'm hoping to get another chapter out during reading week (like mid-October) but who knows.
For that brief moment, Steve wanted to collapse onto Tony, hold him for as long as he could, sweaty and sticky and all, kiss and bite and suck, without a care in the world. Maybe he could do that. Maybe.
“I can do that. I could fuck you up real good, sweetheart. Could tie you up and flog you with that leather number I saw in your drawer last night.” When Tony’s breath hitched under his palm, Steve grinned. “Yeah, doll, I noticed. What could I be for you tonight?” Steve’s mind ran through ideas of roleplay scenarios. “Could give you a thorough dressing-down for some naughty thing you’ve been up to, hmm? You seem like that type of bad boy to get yourself into handcuffs once or twice.” Tony chuckled at that.
Tony was so tempted to schedule another appointment with Steve, but, as a screen lit up to announce that Pepper had left 15 voicemails after 46 missed calls, Tony thought he had more pressing matters to attend to.
It was wrapped four times, forming a flat wrap to make a comfortable handle. He gripped it tightly, imagining how he could manipulate and pull Tony’s body into position; just the way both men like it.
?” Iron Man sighed, the voice modulator making it sound more like an electric wheeze than a voice. “Can’t it ever be somewhere more tropical?”
“I…” Tony began, voice small. Steve let up on his neck, and cupped Tony’s hard cock through his trousers with his other hand. Tony’s hips bucked up and Steve clucked his tongue at him. Tony settled back into the couch and took a deep breath before spending it all in one go. “Like all good Americans, I’ve always had an embarrassing crush on Captain America and well, since—You, you look—Um, you’ve got quite the patriotic look, and I… I want to be taken apart by Captain America and be told I’m unworthy to lick his boots. Not that I want to lick your boots, or anyone’s boots. It’s more of a metaphor. Just—I’d—I’d like that. I want that— want to have to
The Hulk, Bruce, was an untameable force in the field, but he was a brilliant mind that Steve was fascinated by in every conversation they had. Bruce seemed to have had more contact with Stark, as they were both scientists; Steve thought he might be able to pick up a few pointers from Bruce to get more familiar with Stark.
At 8:55, Steve began the process of extricating himself from Tony’s bed. He successfully dressed himself and made his exit and returned to his floor in the tower.
Tony wanted to crumble into nothingness, his cheeks were hot, and his eyes prickled with tears. Never had he been happier to be on his hands and knees and not forced to see whatever Steve’s expression might be. Cocky? Angry? Pity?
Steve’s left hand landed a firm slap on Tony’s ass, relishing in the hot clench around his fingers. “You’re gorgeous.”
Steve’s hand left Tony’s shoulder cold as he stepped over to the fridge and hummed to himself. He pulled out a loaf of sliced bread. “You really should do some grocery shopping. Or, well, get someone to do it for you, I guess.” Steve set the bread down on the table in front of Tony. “A sandwich it is.”
Steve progressed slowly, watching for any twitch, any sign of discomfort from Tony. Steve’s cockhead began to press against the back of Tony’s throat and Steve could not resist from raising his right hand to lay across Tony’s throat. To see if he could feel it from the outside.
Steve’s fourth client was a change of pace. The man requested submission. Steve was genuinely curious as to how he himself may react to be a submissive in an exchange, so he accepted.
Upon closer inspection, Tony’s tie was loosened and rumpled, maroon button shirt undone to expose his black undershirt, and the man himself was walking gruffly and Steve could smell the vodka once Tony was a few feet from him.
“Steve, why in- oh jesus, calling you Steve is weird now, how did you make this weird?” Tony roughly put on a tee shirt before realizing he had to be dressed for that meeting with the Lightman Group. He left it on out of sheer petulance.
“That’s right, sweetheart, get used to this.” Tony managed to squeak out a moan around Steve’s cock. “You’re gonna be feelin’ me til next week.”
Tony placed his palm down against the bed. The blankets were soft, a lush thread count, Tony could tell. He could imagine being thrown down against this soft fabric, gripping it in his fists as he was spanked. Or fingered open nice and slow. Hm. Tony wondered if Cap had ever gotten down and dirty in this bed.
“Yes-Yes, Sir.” Tony stammered, slyly pushing his hips back towards Steve. A second slick finger pushed into him fast, both crooking and pushing against his prostate.
“You are in luck, good sir! A Corona, it is.” Tony placed the glass bottle on the bar in front of Steve before gathering tools to make a cocktail for himself. Steve took to opening the bottle and tasting the beer given to him. It tasted pretty fine, smoother than he expected it to be. He watched as Tony carefully mixed his martini and took a sip of his own once it was completed.
“In the top drawer there.” Tony jerked his head back towards the dresser by the closet door behind him. The dresser held no clothing, but Tony’s large collection of toys and props. Steve smiled and took the opportunity to run his fingers through Tony’s hair as he stood to fetch the collar.
As it turned out, prostitution was now legal in the United States. With certain parameters, as he learned. He found himself fascinated, reading the details of the
A gentle stroke of Tony’s cock spread the beading precome over his head. Steve watched Tony’s hands clench and unclench at his sides, fidgeting with the hem of his shirt. “Hands over your head, sweetheart. Hold the headboard.”
All at once, both of Steve’s hands left Tony, ruffled and empty, his eyes following Steve’s movements with want. Steve wrapped the hand with spit-wet fingers around his length and guided it towards Tony’s parted lips.
“Alright… Here’s what we do,” Steve spoke as he walked behind Tony. “You get in your suit, without your helmet. I’m going to give you my cowl. You put it on and get out of here, and the rest of us will clean up here. Classified information is top priority, am I right?” Steve watched Tony’s shoulders slowly relax as he explained the plan. Steve wanted to run his fingers through Tony’s soft hair, it was so tempting, so close.
do other than make me fucking moon over you like I’m a fucking kid again!” Tony shot up from his seat, but Steve took a breathe of relief when the man didn’t move to leave. Tony paced the kitchen. Steve could work with that.
“What have we been doing, Steve?” The name still felt a bit odd, but Tony looked up at Steve and felt a jolt through his body, felt an urge to reach out and kiss him. He couldn’t lie to himself and believe that it was just the liquor talking.
The large metal doors opened and Tony’s mouth was agape as the man who he had hired for the evening stepped out. He wore dark jeans and a brown leather jacket which hung open over a white button shirt. His shoes matched the leather of his jacket and they shone as though they were freshly polished. His blonde hair and broad shoulders gave Tony a sense of déjà vu that he could not place.
Steve was delighted. “I need to make sure you’re perfectly clean,” he said, and slid his hands back down to Tony’s ass. They both already knew Tony was immaculate when douching, that he was clean and ready for Steve to do what he liked with his hole, but that wasn’t the game at play. Steve spread his cheeks wide, exposing his hole and rubbing it with one thumb with just enough pressure for it not to be called gentle. When Tony moaned, Steve gave one wet cheek a warning pat.
“Very polite. So impressive; I wouldn’t have expected such good manners from a man of your reputation.” Steve guided Tony by the back of the neck onto his cock. Tony’s cheeks flushed redder, curling his lips over his teeth and taking in as much as he can, taking in a desperate breath through his nose as the head reached the back of his throat. “Greedy thing,” Steve cooed, rubbing his thumb along Tony’s hairline. “Show me what that mouth can do.”
Tony’s eyes followed Steve as he knelt on a rolled-up towel beside the tub. He could not quite pinpoint the reason he was confused as to why Steve was not joining him in the bath. Was it because this wasn’t on the list? For a list a mile long, Tony managed to omit
Next chapter will be added eventually, it will be Steve’s POV of the Second Appointment. You can continue to the next part of the series, even if I haven’t posted the 4th chapter here yet
The evening carried on an air of playfulness as they moved to the kitchen where Steve agreed to be fed a ridiculously small amount that Tony would have thought a man of Steve’s size (6’2”? No, he must be at least 6’4”!) would want.
Steve was mesmerized by Tony’s body, his warmth and tightness, his eyes, his mouth. Tony’s mouth spewing adoration for Captain America’s body, Captain America’s dick, Captain America’s voice, Captain America’s hands on his neck.
Tony was sinking into the stimuli of Steve; his left palm resting on Tony’s ass, his hot breath on Tony’s skin, one finger testing his patience. Tony found himself rubbing his face helplessly into the pillows, ass presented up to Steve like a gift. Or a desperate plea.
, but the man placed his hand at the back of Steve’s neck and gently guided Steve to set his cheek on his clothed thigh. The suit pants were soft, smooth, of high quality and value. Steve closed his eyes as the man’s left hand remained on Steve’s hair, petting idly, while his right hand went to work on papers on the desk’s surface.
“That’s it, sweetheart, get used to this.” Steve encouraged, and smiled at the small desperate squeak Tony let out around his cock. “You’re gonna be feelin’ me til next week.”
Steve had certainly been surprised to hear that Natasha had such a connection, but in retrospect, he should not have been.
“Yeah?” Natasha said, plucking a pair of sunglasses from the display rack and trying them on, smiling at Steve before replacing them.
Steve stood plainly in the training gym, staring at his phone with his mouth agape and breathing heavy. He turned and returned to his private quarters. For private time.
“No, not at all, I’m just surprised that you picked the tiniest thing—how did you get to be this huge if you barely
After rearranging the cowl’s position and folding and unfolding it about five or six times, Tony forced himself to leave it alone.
to this man. He shifted to face Tony more directly on the couch and raised his free hand to grip Tony’s chin and force eye contact.
Tony groaned, slouching over to lean against the side of the porcelain tub. “Just—can you get in here? With me?”
Steve quickly decided not to dwell on Tony’s words. He would have the chance to ruminate later. In that moment, Steve was divided between giving Tony’s warm pink cheek a firm, satisfying slap and dragging him up to his feet for a kiss. Looking down at Tony, he only knew that he
The doors opened to the penthouse and Tony, ever the gentleman, was there to greet Steve. He wore a stunning suit, probably more expensive than all of Steve’s clothes combined. His hair was styled to perfection and Steve wanted nothing more than to ruffle this man to tatters and put him back together again.
Tony sighed. He had hardly expected anything less than a harsh scolding. As he made his way nude to his bedroom, he picked up his phone from his nightstand. He returned to V.P. Escorts’ website, intent on requesting another night with Steve, the escort of Tony’s (wet) dreams.
It was nearing the arranged time of 9:00pm, and Steve politely asked JARVIS to inform Tony that his guest from V.P. Escorts had arrived. Luckily, the AI seemed to not to be suspicious of that.
Steve waited patiently for Tony to chew and swallow his bite. When Tony’s mouth was empty, he took a few breaths before speaking. “I really loved what we did last time and… I wanna do that again, I mean, I… Youheldmedownanditwasamazing.” Tony looked at Steve again quickly, noticed he was nodding and smiling, and he continued. “I want your hands on me. I want…” He lost his words again.
“The elevator shall escort you up to Master Stark’s private level. Enjoy your evening.” Steve tried not to read too much into the certain
Tony stared at the sandwich and nodded. There was silence. Tony looked up at Steve to find that he was being stared down. He picked up the sandwich and took a large bite. Steve smiled then.
Steve choked on his breath, at that term of endearment, heart aching in fear of how Tony will respond to his next words. “But to give you everything means I have to give you the truth, too. I’m… I’m, I really am Captain America and I’ll keep your secret safe as long as you need me to. I hope you’re able to forgive me for—”
Tony blinked and realized he was still looking over his shoulder at Steve, who was growing visibly concerned. “Uh— green,” Tony straightened up, shoulders high and back arched like Steve had wanted. “Green!” Tony repeated, pushing himself back onto Steve’s hips when Steve didn’t move.
Steve considered it for a moment. Sparring with his teammates would most likely be a good way to clear his head. He must have been silent for a beat too long, because Natasha spoke again. “Hey, give it time, if you’re worried about the Stark thing. Get yourself some more experiences somewhere else. You’re not hideous.”
Steve pressed in, fulling sheathing himself inside Tony’s heat. Tony’s breath was punched out of him, he was gasping for air, breathing heavily and reaching up to grip Steve’s shoulder. Steve lunged forward suddenly, mouth latching onto Tony’s neck. Kissing, sucking, nipping.
Captain America and Tony Stark had not spoken more than once or twice face-to-face, however, Stark appeared not to be, in the very slightest, reverent about his attitude toward The Avengers. He had been invited numerous times to meetings regarding tech requirements, budgetary adjustments, and the like, and not once had attended. Director Fury had seemed irritated, but Steve had been furious. He hated getting dressed in his full Captain America uniform needlessly, and with Stark, being the one person who was not granted access to Captain America’s true identity, skipping the aforementioned meetings, Steve was growing resentful.
Tony took a deep breath and he fought against his heavy eyelids to watch Steve take his own cock in his hand. Steve’s hands were lightly tanned, strong, with thick fingers. Tony remembered the weight and taste of them on his tongue and swallowed hard. One, two, three strokes, Steve looking down at Tony with a glint in his eye. Tony parted his lips, tried to find words while under the scrutiny of Steve’s gaze. “Please…”
Tony Stark to be such an incredibly fantastic, praise-hungry, beautiful… submissive? Bed-partner? Steve realized he had no word to describe what Tony really
A small crater of dirt and snow and fallen trees is what Steve opened his eyes to. He stood up, ankle twinging faintly but it was not a priority. Iron Man lay motionless in the center of the disturbed earth.
Tony couldn’t stop the whimper that escaped his throat against his will. “You like that, sweetheart?” Steve’s left (dry) hand reached out to cup Tony’s stubbled cheek. His thumb crooked into the corner of Tony’s mouth and Tony turned into the pull, sucking like his life depended on it.
Steve watched Tony carefully. His eyes had opened again. Tony’s wrists pulled at Steve’s hold, but Steve kept his grip steady. Tony let out a satiated sigh and settled once again. Steve felt something flux and flip in his gut at that. Tony was
It was breathy, with Tony’s teeth catching Steve’s bottom lip. This was similar but very different to the kiss Steve had with Peggy. It had been rushed, full of adrenalin, fear, hope. Tonight, Steve was perched comfortably on Tony’s bed, heart pounding in his chest for entirely different reasons. Tonight he would experience so many things for the first time; after this, maybe he wouldn’t blush every time Natasha asked about his sex life.
Instead, Steve dragged Tony into the bedroom, tossing him onto the sheets. Tony spread his legs as Steve climbed onto his knees between them. “Eager boy,” Steve growled. “Sit up.”
Tony shook himself and tried to get his thoughts in order. The thought of Cap saying anything remotely suggestive made Tony’s skin crawl. The man was basically a puritan.
Steve accepted a second tiny cheeseburger, and then as they returned to the living room, another beer. Steve noticed a large painting hung above the fireplace. It was beautiful, obviously an original, as Steve could see the paint strokes and the shine of the oils. “Where did you get that painting?”
Tony’s glare turned into a glowery pout. “Could’ve been a party for two,” he mumbled, then slumped into the chair across from Steve and put his head down into his cradled arms on the dark wooden table. “Did you even like the beer?” he said, voice muffled but Steve could of course hear his pettiness through his arms.
Steve’s hands lowered to Tony’s torso, keeping their bodies together flush. His hands did not touch the arc reactor, respectfully, thoughtfully. Even in the mess of sex, he was still such a gentleman. Tony groaned, in frustration and arousal.
“Isn’t it past your bedtime?” Tony quipped, as he approached the kitchenette. The light above turned on as Tony reached the fridge. He was surprised to find numerous takeout containers adorned with post-it notes which read ‘TONY’ in thick marker. Pepper had gotten the team to ration for him, it seemed.
“Now, Tony, I just want us to talk about exactly what you want tonight. It’s important I know your limits and your safeword with a lot of the stuff you requested, right, sweetheart?”
“I do believe Miss Potts recommended communicating with Captain Rogers would be the best course of action in order to remedy the situation at hand.”
Blinking himself back into the present, he looked down at Tony, beautiful and flushed, limp and compliant, arms outstretched on the bed, legs bound in beautiful rope. First, Steve reminded himself, he must take care of Tony.
Tony sighed heavily behind Steve as he carried the towel into the bathroom. Which was… decadent. Steve spotted multitudes of bottles of bath products that promised relaxation and improved sleep lining the shelf by the large tub. The shower was white tiled with a large sliding glass door.
“Oh, hey, Tony.” Clint said. Tony looked over and saw Clint wave. “Don’t usually see you around these parts.”
“Not yet,” Steve huffed, slipping his fingers out of Tony’s hair. “On your feet,” he said, savouring the sight of Tony slowly rising, trying not to make it too obvious that he was unsteady despite depending greatly on his hands on Steve’s hips for support.
,” Tony hissed as Steve’s fingers pulled out. “Fuck—” The head of Steve’s cock was a firm heat against Tony’s hole, steady for just a moment, before pushing forward in one motion until Steve’s balls pressed against Tony’s ass. “Fuckfuckfuck—”
“I thought you’d never ask, Tony.” Steve’s voice was cool, calm. A hint of humour in his inflection, he seemed to enjoy Tony’s delicate approach at this evening’s itinerary.
Tony chuckled when they broke away from their kiss, shaking his head. “Oh, god no. I’ve been doing this a long time.”
Steve was guided towards what looked like a quite well-stocked and professional-looking bar counter. Recounting the question, Steve shook his head, but then decided that people would usually drink during an evening together. “Do you mind if I opt for a beer?” It was weaker than the offered wine, and thus practically impossible for Steve’s metabolism to get him intoxicated, but it was something. A social lubricant to continue the evening. Tony looked pleased to serve as he gestures for Steve to take a seat on a bar stool before ducking down to check his inventory.
“Enjoying the view?” Steve teased him, climbing into the bed. He left the sheets laying on his thighs, allowing Tony to ogle. Steve found that he did not mind in the slightest. He even felt a small squirm in the gut when Tony licked his lips. His mouth was so fantastic.
The man gripped Steve’s hair and guided him into a straighter posture again, undoing the curl that Steve had brought himself into under the man’s attention. The rope pinched and rubbed against Steve’s nipples when he straightened up and he let out a moan. “Feels good?”
At that, Tony gave Steve a look. Steve looked to his feet. That was the freest he had spoken in a long time. “Come here,” Tony said softly.
Tony’s left hand raised from its position on Tony’s thigh and for a moment Steve froze, wondering if that would be when Tony put an end to this. But his hand made its way to touch Steve’s hip but stopped short, hovering. “Can-Can I touch you, Sir?”
Before Steve could dwell too much on how silly he felt uttering those words, Tony’s mouth was latched onto his right nipple. He sucked and licked, eyes closed. Steve moaned, grabbing Tony’s left wrist and guided him to his other nipple. “I know you can do better than that,” he teased, his voice low and gravelly, before Tony began to work Steve’s left nipple while he sucked the right. Sparks of electricity flashed through Steve, behind his eyes, through his nipples, and down to his dick.
“Don’t have to apologize, baby.” Steve’s hand was gentle on his shoulder, and it slid smoothly along his clavicle and up his neck, to rest over the collar. Firm, even pressure. Tony’s breath was hindered just a bit. His cock gave a humiliating twitch. Tony moaned a whimper. “You’re a good boy, remember?” Tony nodded feebly, eyelids fluttering. “Do you still want to try the game or would you rather something more… simple?” Steve whispered.
Tony then realized he was alone in the open concept space of the floor – no sign of the Star Spangled Man. Taking his chance, Tony dropped the cowl on the bare wooden coffee table centered in the living area.
The slick grip on Tony’s cock started stroking again, slow and languid. Tony huffed, eyes closed, hips jerking upwards. “I—” He cut himself off when he felt a slick finger rub at his hole. “N—f-fuck.”
The slide of the leash off his shoulder made Tony open his eyes. The sight of Steve winding the end of the leash around one hand had Tony’s dick stirring up.
But that did mean that Steve agreed to fuck Tony again. The thought of Steve’s hands on Tony, holding him down, squeezing his throat, his cock, pinching his nipples. Fuck, he wanted that. How likely would it be for a civilian to recognize what an arc reactor is and connect some dots? Because
Tony dropped himself back on the couch and continued to rub his palm over his crotch, breathing deeply, eyes heavy thinking about what might happen tomorrow. He hummed, squeezing himself through his jeans and then removed his hand with a groan.
“What do I do if they want...” Steve’s eyes scanned the page that listed numerous sexual acts he had never heard of before. “Rimming?” Natasha nearly choked on her tea.
This chapter includes Steve doing kink things with people other than Tony (cuz... escort work lol) So, if that ain't what you're here for, that's alright. But they aren't fleshed-out characters. I just wanted to have Steve get experience so that Tony and Steve's second appointment makes a bit more sense (Steve being confident and knowledgeable in kinky things, ya knowwww?)
Steve had been provided with a leather collar at the start of that evening. The client had requested submission in relative silence, words from Steve to only be
“Tell me everything.” Natasha did not let Steve get in a word when he entered the common room. He exhaled heavily and sat on the couch across from her lounge chair.
Tony snapped out of his thoughts and realized Steve had still been speaking. “I-Uh—I didn’t—I’m sorry, I—” Tony closed his eyes tightly, trying to focus, trying to remember what Steve had been saying while Tony was rudely ogling his body instead of listening. His heart pounded in his ears, he could feel his pulse in his fingertips and his cock. Fuck, Tony
He would look beautiful tied up, hogtied and put on his knees at the centre of the bed, teetering for balance as Steve plucked at his nipples, whispering taunts, pressing soft kisses onto Tony’s neck while pulling his hair. Tony would lean forward for tender caresses against the will of leather straps and Steve’s fingers in his brown locks. All manner of sensation overwhelming Tony, unfolding him for Steve to enjoy.
Steve shrugged a little, tried to avert his gaze. Tony flipped his sunglasses up though, set them on his head so he could look at Steve directly, and Steve could never resist those dark brown eyes, the long, sweeping lashes framing them. There were a few more wrinkles around them than when they met, and so close, Steve could see the grays in his hair, the signs of slow aging, but he never minded. He never
He carefully brushed the brunet’s bangs out of his eyes, got a little more comfortable on the couch so the angle wouldn’t be too hard on Tony’s neck.
Well, it was a lot smaller than their bed at home. The mattress kind of sucked, and the sheets were anything but expensive, but hell, he’d spend three months on a cot in an Afghan cave before, so the brunet couldn’t complain too much.
He wasn’t sure how the UN discovered them in the first place, and none of them were expecting an ambush, but on the borders of Italian airspace they took a hit, which disengaged the retro-reflective panels, and from there, they were chased across the ocean by three fighter jets.
The doctor continued. “Strained bonds can have an effect on children of all ages, but newborns are especially susceptible, much more sensitive to the distress that comes with it all. Unless the symptoms are mitigated, he’ll have to be monitored around the clock.”
“That’s it,” he muttered to himself, scooting his chair back. He’d leave the meal here—Steve would find it, if he cared enough, and he’d find Tony where he usually was: in his workshop.
He’d touch her wherever the hell he wanted to, and she definitely enjoyed doing the same to him, anytime and anywhere. More than once they’d gotten a complaint from someone on the team who had been in the wrong place at the wrong time, but hey, could they be blamed? When every day was potentially filled with danger, with the prospect of death, who could fault them for wanting to love each other as ardently as possible every moment of the day?
, filling him inch by inch. It burned, it really did, not enough to truly hurt, but enough to leave Tony whimpering.
Steve’s face was a little more somber, his eyes—god, they were so beautiful— deep enough to drown in. The sun made his hair that much more golden, and a gentle breeze blew by, sweeping it back a little. Tony could have stared at him for hours, sometimes did. He took as many opportunities as possible throughout the day to stare at Steve. Even though the man sometimes irritated him, caused him plenty of grief over the years, he’d never been able to find a view that left him so content.
He took Tony’s hand again, a little hesitant, pulled him into the open space in the room. Tony followed instantly though, like a magnet drawn to him, slow and easy. Steve didn’t have to say anything else, didn’t have to ask for what he wanted. Tony settled into his arms like a puzzle piece sliding into place, a hand on Steve’s shoulder, the other in his palm, Steve’s arm wrapped around his waist. They swayed to the music, keeping time as easily as breathing.
He knew that heat tended to work better for pain relief for Tony than cold did. It’d soothed him before in the past, so hopefully it would do the same now.
Tony groaned. “I can’t believe you right now. I can’t believe you even sent her off by herself to begin with. What did Nat—“
There hadn’t been another kiss since, because this was a competition after all, and neither were willing to give away an advantage.
“Language, Captain!” Tony replied with a mock indignant gasp. He let out a little laugh at his own joke. The alcohol had surely tickled his funny bone tonight.
He didn’t, Steve noticed, take off the one he’d been given temporarily. Steve didn’t ask for his jacket back.
trouble getting off. He had no problem pulling out, finishing himself off instead, but if given the choice, of course he’d choose the wet, hot channel currently gripping his dick. The slide would be incredibly smooth like this, with him so loose, without any of the resistance he usually had, just from Steve’s sheer size. He just worried Tony might be too sensitive for him to keep going now, because this was out of the ordinary after all, but that obviously wasn’t the case.
“Woah, careful, you’ll hurt yourself,” Pepper warned, and when pain shot down his legs, barely stifled by the barrier of painkillers, Tony hissed.
That was what Steve had been waiting for this whole time, for Tony to admit his faults, admit that he should do better. This wasn’t the first time they’d been through this, but maybe this time, the lesson would stick. God, he was so stubborn. It took all of this for him to say those few words.
She was out of her chair and in the hall before Tony could properly protest, and he laid there, holding his child, confused,
Steve shook his head, tugged an apple from the tree and tossed it in the basket. “Doesn’t have to be a pie,” he said. “There’s plenty of desserts we can whip up.”
Steve tried to process that, tried to understand. It was a lot to absorb in a few seconds, after everything that had been happening, and he wasn’t sure if he could. He couldn’t identify a single emotion at the moment, all of it mixed around and so complicated and strong that tears of confusion were swimming in his vision and he couldn’t stop them from falling. “W-what— I thought—“
“I love you too,” Tony whispered, and let out a yawn. He smirked to himself, though, and let his declaration linger in the air a few seconds before swinging the hammer, so to speak. “Though I’d love you even more if you put away the groceries I may or may not have left in the kitchen.”
“Well, I assume you’ve heard of the LGBT movement? What I’m asking is if you’ve had any encounters with homosexual.” Lamb leered, face momentarily twisting in a second of faint disgust.
“So,” the interviewer, a stout guy named Lamb with a bad mustache, leaned forward in his stiff blue armchair. “How do you feel about the modern day relations people have with one another?”
He’s shaking and crying and grabbing the sheets with white knuckles when he feels Steve’s hand cover his. “Is that all?” He asks. Tony sniffs, confused. “It’s okay, babe, we can deal with that together.”
Antonia Stark was a gifted child from the beginning, that much could’ve always been said, but young ladies were not to be involved in the games of men (much to Aunt Peggy’s chagrin, but what was she gonna do?). Young ladies were nurses, cooks, caretakers—definitely not inventors or- or sports people or something. Not that Antonia ever liked sports, but if she did she wouldn’t be allowed to play them. Instead it was ballet by day and sneaking into Howard’s at-home lab by night and most weekdays when he was at the at-work lab or on vacation or just generally avoiding Tony. Which seemed to be the running theme; avoidance.
First off, there was the material. It was vaguely spandex-y, with little to no padding. From what Tony remembered of the suit his dad had made Steve in WW2, there were pockets upon pockets, reinforced but flexible boning and heavy duty materials to at least stifle, if not prevent, bullets from penetrating the suit.
, but he was obviously comfortable enough to let Tony’s compliments or suggestions slide, so that had to count for something, right? Tony got kind of bold with it pretty quickly, but not intentionally. It just happened that his feelings for Steve were multiplying exponentially as the days passed, and his flirting went from playful, somewhat teasing, to more earnest, even if the others couldn’t tell the difference. Tony could
Steve let out a little groan at the sensation, could feel his hole clench against the emptiness, and it filled him with excitement, a little embarrassment like it always did. He watched his wife wiggle out of the harness, grinned as she let out a satisfied sigh, and climbed up on his lap again.
Steve laughed a little, and pulled her higher up on his chest, crooked a finger around the waistline of her panties. “Sweetheart, you know I could do this
brat,” Tony replied, reaching up to wrap his arms around Steve’s neck. He said the words with more than a hint of satisfaction.
Steve’s body was warm against his, so warm, and he could feel the blond’s heartbeat against his shoulder, a steady rhythm, kind and firm, unlike the cacophonous pulse of the bass at the party, invasive,
He was still coming down from it when Steve followed him over the peak, the hand wrapped around Tony’s thigh squeezing tight enough to bruise, and hips jerking forward with each spurt of cum. Tony’s name was on his lips, and his eyes were shut tight from the intensity of it all.
It was quiet, thankfully, except for the pattering of raindrops on the windows, and Steve’s steady breathing above him.
He’d have to try hard not to lose it today, if he was going to play this little game with Tony. The brunet would surely make it hard to win.
Tony didn’t know if it was better or worse. He always fell apart so easily when Steve treated him kindly, when he handled Tony like he was precious, like he was worth more than the world. But god, Steve was just so big. Tony tensed up a little now, debated calling it off, but held out, wanted to take it, wanted to prove that he could, and then before he knew it, the head of Steve’s cock was in.
to be with her, and that still really hurt, and probably would for a very long time. But he did feel something for Tony, he was sure, if the way his heart beat a little faster with each compliment, each lingering stare or touch from the scientist’s hands were any indication. He wasn’t sure if anything would come of it though, was a little afraid of making the first move, so he had no choice but to wait for Tony to make one.
He knew the feeling. He wasn’t a stranger to shame. He had more shame than most people accumulated in their entire lifetime, more guilt too, especially when it came to his relationship with Steve, with the ups and downs they’d suffered. He tried not to think about those days, about waking up miserable every day, crying so many tears they were impossible to count. He tried not to think about how much it hurt, knowing he had fucked up, knowing Steve had fucked up too, and lacking the courage to fix it. It was bad enough he dreamt about it on occasion, and Steve seemed to as well.
Reality rushed in on him all at once. He’d done it. He’d had a baby. After sixteen hours of labor, he’d brought Peter into the world, had overcome one of the greatest hurdles in his life, and damn did that feel good. It was a relief, after all this time, to know he’d gotten through it. No matter how difficult it was, he’d done it.
He’d missed the sound of the door opening, hadn’t seen it open either, and the moment he’d been waiting for, whether he liked it or not, for so
He didn’t know how he hadn’t already, with how long they’d been at this, but he managed, long enough to get through the under painting and slapping down base colors on this newest piece.
Rhodey was waiting on an answer, on permission maybe, to discuss the elephant in the room, and Tony had to grant it. “Okay,” he said softly, set his cutlery down on his plate. He exhaled through his nose, raised his head a little.
The brunet got a little comfier on the bed. “Quick nap, then shower and get ready for tonight?” he asked, stifling a yawn.
Later that night, Tony found himself perched on Steve’s lap, snuggled up on the couch with a fresh slice of warm apple pie and a scoop of ice cream on his plate and an old movie playing on the TV. The pie was
Tony smiled at that; it was the reaction he’d been waiting for. He let his hands brush up Steve’s thighs and back down again, braced his knee with one hand and reached for his balls with the other, squeezed them gently.
“Mm, love you too,” the blond replied. He wrapped his hands around Tony’s legs once more, lifted them up onto his shoulders. “Now hold on, sweetheart. I’ll give you that good fucking you’ve been begging for.”
Steve leaned up a little, captured Tony’s lips in a grateful kiss. Tony kissed back with enthusiasm, a series of quick but deep kisses, which evolved into something a little stronger. Tony moaned into it, when it intensified, when Steve’s fervor heightened. He couldn’t help but shift his hips, grind down against Steve’s lap, against the slow-growing bulge against the inside of his thigh. The texture of swim shorts wasn’t ideal though, a little too rough in comparison to their touches, and the fluffy bed, so the brunet reluctantly broke the kiss in favor of sliding off of Steve. He brushed a hand through his hair, shuffled back on the bed a bit, set his hands on the blond’s legs.
“Perfect,” Steve had replied. “I’m so lucky, so thankful you’re so good, so wonderful. My perfect baby boy.”
, Steve, and I know that you could probably find a job and I could too, but it’d be so hard, and we’d never be left alone. You get that, right? The world would throw a fit, and we’d be swallowed up. Do you want your face everywhere more than it already is? Because it will be. But instead of ‘National Hero,’ the headline will say something a lot worse.”
Tony handed him his glass, reached up to adjust the blond’s still-drying bangs. “Sit down, before your food gets cold again. I already fixed up your plate.”
The morning after Steve brings Tony to his apartment, they talk things over and agree to be together, even if it has to stay a secret.
Tony, Rhodey and Vision feigned ignorance of the situation of course, pretended to be surprised by his visit, and it seemed to be working. But then again, Ross had a decent pokerface.
Steve felt out of place, standing in the luxurious palace again, after so many months. He felt out of place in Wakanda in general; it was a different world, a better world, which didn’t belong to him. It was big and beautiful and filled with wonder. Wakanda was a beacon, an example for the future. The Alpha was a relic of the past, which, he now thought, he should have been lost to.
Steve swallowed hard. It felt like his heart was breaking all over again. These words were well deserved, but they hurt, twisted up inside him and cut at his edges like barbed wire. He didn’t want to argue them, didn’t know how. Hearing that tone of voice from Tony never made him feel good, and now, after a week without contact
each other, as they have been. Soon, they’d be back to routine, with projects and appearances and the occasional mission taking up their time.
The soldier brushed a large hand over the length of Tony’s throat, soft and low. He could feel Tony’s pulse there, heightened, and saw the way the brunet squirmed a little on the bed.
“Is that a promise?” Tony replied, raising a brow. He knew damn well it was, but couldn’t help but let his sharp tongue have its way.
He shook his head at himself in disappointment, held Steve’s hand a little tighter, and scooted over on the couch, tucked himself against the blond’s shoulder.
Not that being with Steve in general didn’t make him feel connected. Being with Steve was sensational, in every meaning of the word. It made him feel like nothing else could. Every moment spent together, just the two of them, felt like a blessing, especially every second in
“Besides a continuous full-on manhunt, with Rhodey at the helm? No. Luckily Rhodey has the excuse of being at my side for my health, so that plan’s a no go. He keeps harping on the social media play, and I keep telling him no. I don’t want the vultures closing in on me, or the baby. I’ll make an announcement when I’m ready.”
He let out a strained howl at the tight heat squeezing him, warm and wet and rippling as Tony clenched, as his hole tried to adjust to the massive intrusion, pressed against his sensitive prostate, and Steve’s howl evolved into little whines, his hips giving little involuntary jerks as he started to cum.
had the courage,” Steve said, chuckling softly. “I just…I couldn’t go another day loving you without you being mine.”
Tony nodded. “Yeah. Uh—this one.” He looked through the stack, pulled one out. Steve didn’t need to prompt him to turn it on.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, could feel them damp with tears as the blond pummeled his prostate now, trying to drive him over the edge or maybe just chasing his own pleasure, and that gave Tony the push he needed, and suddenly he was cumming so hard he saw stars behind his eyes. He came all over his fist, a high whine slipping out of his lips, that made him sound like a needy little whore, and goddamn it felt good.
Steve was offering to let Tony wear his clothes? God, that was adorable, and incredible. He thought he’d been lucky enough with the jacket last night, to be wrapped up in it when he was at his worst, but knowing that he could really
Tony looked better than Steve was expecting, given all that had happened the night before, and the late hour he’d gone to sleep. He seemed comfortable now, even a little happy, not nearly as small and sad as he had been when Steve brought him home.
Rhodey couldn’t get a word in edgewise until Tony’s outburst dissolved into stuttering breaths, and then into frustrated sobs. He put his arms around his friend immediately, held him tight. “Shh, it’s okay, we don’t know the whole story—Come on, Tones, just relax, we’ll figure it out.”
“I’m in over my head, more than I ever thought I could be. I mean, fuck. Steve’s gone, and the team is toast, and I’m…I’m having a baby.” He let out a sound that was a cross between a laugh and a sob. “Me. Can you imagine? When you met me at MIT did you ever think I’d be parent material?”
Tony whimpered, moaned low in his throat, his fingers twisted in the sheets as Steve pumped his fingers in and out, bent low over him and pressed kisses to his hot skin, grazed his teeth against Tony’s shoulder, licked the seam of his lips. Tony’s mouth opened automatically, and Steve swallowed down his moan as he pressed his fingers against his prostate once again, pulled his fingers out to tease against his lube slicked rim, and sunk back in, deeper.
Steve was sprawled out on his belly at the moment, groaning a little. His head was reeling from the impact, and his skin was stinging even under his suit. He hoped it had held up.
When Tony drew back, he pulled his hands back, tugged on Steve’s belt buckle. “You gonna go get changed, soldier? I’ll heat up the food and put the flowers in a vase.”
“Well you have to call him,” Sam interjected. “He needs to know what happened and we need help. We should try to get to the nearest town, find a phone.”
Rhodey wasn’t sure the subject of the search algorithm was entirely put to rest; he had a feeling it would come up again. They’d have to get their story straight, maybe take steps to fabricate the truth in their favor. For now though, it seemed Ross’ attention was sufficiently diverted.
Either way, Steve seemed to love his bike. He always rode it everywhere. Hell, Tony didn’t even know he
He let his words drift off, pulled his hands down Steve’s back instead, his fingertips pressing light scratches into the blond’s skin in a way that was entirely suggestive. He wouldn’t let an opportunity like this go to waste.
To his credit, Tony tried to relax. He really did. He took a deep breath, bit his lip when Steve pushed in, and in. He groaned a little, brows knit at the sudden stretch, just the right side of too big, until it was actually too big, and he hesitated. “Steve…”
. Tony knew it was just because it was cold out and he was freezing (his fingertips felt like ice cubes at this point) but something about it still filled him with a possessive warmth. He’d have a hard time giving the garment back, when they got to Steve’s apartment. (Oh fuck. He’d never been to Steve’s apartment before, had never seen that intimate space, that private place that no one else got to see. Steve didn’t like having people over, from what Tony could tell, so the thought that he could be the first visitor, that Steve would let him stay there, if only for a few hours, was enough to make his heart flutter.)
Steve was a vision too, of course, in his swim trunks, skin a little tanner than usual thanks to their time in the sun here, water droplets glistening on his muscles. He was, as always, the picture of a perfect Alpha. His hair was wet, bangs pushed back, and his smile was dazzling as he kneeled down in the water, a hand on Peter’s back to keep him stable against the low waves.
“Stop sweet-talking me and get in me already,” Tony said, interrupting the blond’s thoughts, and not bothering to hide the adoration in his tone as he gazed up at his mate, put his hands on Steve’s shoulders.
The Alpha struggled to understand. Was this all he would get for the moment? Where were the reprimands? Where was the rightful hatred, the anger? Where was his punishment? Was this all Tony truly had to say to him at the moment? Would the retribution come later? Would he be accepted now, only to be cast out once more in the future? Steve wasn’t sure.
“But I’d rather you wouldn’t,” Sam added, giving him the faintest glimpse of a smile. He took a breath. “I’m…I’m still mad at you, but I’m ready to work
“Alright then. Let’s stop at the paint shop, pick up some new brushes. I’m going to start—and complete—a painting today, and you’re gonna sit on my lap while I do it,” Steve said, standing straight.
Tony’s eyes swept over his form appreciatively, and that tone of voice made a chill ripple down his spine. Oh he
Steve scooted over a little closer, swung an arm around the brunet’s midsection and pulled him close, feeling relaxed and content. They both needed to get cleaned up, but the bed was unbelievably comfortable, and the time spent down at the beach was catching up with him now. He’d leave it up to Tony.
Tony pulled the jacket close around him immediately, muttered his thanks. If the lighting was better, Steve would’ve seen the gentle flush on his cheeks.
Tony hummed a little into the kiss, let his book drop out of his hands and over the side of his chair. It hit the floor with a thud.
Steve slumped against a tree, slid down to the ground. He inspected his aching hands. “I know. It’ll take a lot of work, a lot of stealing too. We’ll have to slip across borders. The Wakandan Border Tribe should recognize us. Hopefully they’ll be willing to listen.”
“I love you,” he said, and warmth bloomed in his chest at the way it made her eyes light up, the affection in her gaze. She leaned low over him, gently brushed his cheek and planted a luxurious kiss on his lips. His hands framed her hips, caressed her tanned skin.
“All those comments, and compliments, and flirting, and you’re still not gonna ask me out?” Steve demanded, and his face was kind of red as he said it, but he held himself confidently.
, his skin a warm tone and the signs of sickness, of pain and injury he exhibited after wielding the gauntlet a few months ago were almost completely gone, despite their lasting effects. His maroon cardigan and his black sweater and jeans complimented his body and the environment, painted a lovely picture.
Tony stood in the middle of the room, soaking it all in, until Steve came to his side, pulled off the leather jacket draped around his shoulders.
at the moment, which was why even in the safety of Steve’s grasp, his limbs were stiff with tension, and his eyes were darting back and forth in the dark room, trying to turn arbitrary shapes into sweeping shadows, into enemies.
It was a lovely song, one Steve hadn’t heard before, but there was something soothing about it, familiar about it somehow, and it was definitely romantic, and he couldn’t stand being unable to hold Tony a second longer.
Steve grinned, shook his head in disbelief. “Baking involves following logic, math, and clean-cut directions,” he said, snagging two more apples, placing them in the basket.
, or at least, was interested in him. He thought Tony was interested in him too sometimes, had to be, with all the comments he made. He kept waiting for Tony to take things a step further, to breach the subject with Steve. As far as everyone knew, Steve was straight, but he really wasn’t. Steve was interested in women
He was too concerned, filled with too much worry. Where was Steve at the moment? Was he okay, or was he hurt? Where was he headed? Would they ever speak to each other again, even have the chance to? Or was Tony really on his own now? Had it all come to an end? Would he have to spend the rest of his life without his mate? And furthermore, how would today progress? Would Tony be able to talk his way out of prison, or had he damned himself, and his child?
the brunet thought to himself, and he felt a little giddy, felt his heart soaring, though he tried not to let it on. He nodded instead, climbed off of Steve and straightened the collar of his sweater.
When Tony pulled back, Steve pressed a soft kiss to his forehead. “I love you too,” he said, finally responding to the brunet’s last spoken words. He could never leave the words unspoken, especially at a time like this, with things so tense. “I’ll always love you. You know that, right?”
The blond laughed a little, finally wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulder like he’d been itching to ever since last night. The gesture felt familiar, felt right, like he’d done it a thousand times.
But where could they go from here? How could Steve get back to him without making their sacrifices a waste? He wasn’t sure.
He could feel Steve’s muzzle moving up his spine, his big, wet nose sniffing his bare skin, the sheer size of the canines sticking out of his mouth causing them to graze his flesh. The sensation of that always drove Tony wild, knowing the power, the sharpness of Steve’s fangs, of his entire body in this form, but knowing with certainty that he was never in danger, that Steve would never hurt him.
to do so because of Steve, because he’d left, because the phone was gone and Tony didn’t see another way out, another way to get him back.
Steve didn’t know if he could take the answer. He dreaded it, more than any moment he’d endured in his life. What would he do? How could he take it if something was wrong, if this latest slip up, the loss of the flip phone, was at fault for more suffering? How could he take it if Tony hated him even more? And the baby… If—if there was something wrong, if he didn’t make it…
The girl at the front desk was young, maybe eighteen or nineteen, the youngest in a long line of family employees. Her excitement was palpable, as well as her disbelief, her eyes wide and the smile fighting its way on to her face when she saw them. It wasn’t every day Captain America and Iron Man walked into your local job, so the hype was understandable. She was too polite to ask it as she rung up their entrance fee, though Steve could sense the words on the tip of her tongue.
inside, filling every inch of space, fighting for room, sliding in and out of him, against his walls, against his prostate with big, long, slow drags, sending trails of pleasure up and down his spine, sharp in his groin, straight to his hard and leaking cock.
Tony was limp on the bed, chest heaving with each breath, and his legs fell on either side of Steve, unable to keep them locked behind him anymore.  “Uhn, Steve,” he sighed, still swimming on that tide of pleasure a little. “Good? Was it good? That was—fuck, that was good. I love you. I love you so much,” he babbled as Steve slowly pulled out, inch by inch, and settled at his side.
of the shield being propped up on the floor against the wall. The brunet hardly had time to wipe his tears completely before he was greeted with the sight of Steve in the doorway, hair disheveled from tugging his helmet off, still in uniform, and…and a massive bouquet of roses in his hand.
He didn’t care so much about the burns. He didn’t care so much about the sketchbook that had burned to ashes as the fire spread on the jet. He didn’t care about the small suitcase of clothes he’d gathered in his time on the run, or the extra weapons in the small cargo hold, or anything else on the jet either for that matter.
He couldn’t have Steve, no matter how many times he teased him or flirted with him, no matter how many lingering, heated glances he gave him, or how many warm touches. He couldn’t have Steve because Steve was older, and he was another man, and that in itself wasn’t really a problem, if you were careful about it, but he was Captain America, and there was no way anyone would let him be Tony’s. He couldn’t be. He was lucky enough to even be able to see Steve as often as he did, was lucky that the blond came over for dinners or social events or just on days when he didn’t know what to do with himself, like he had been at least once a week since Tony finished his tour of Europe and came home. He was lucky for every moment spent with Steve, but it wasn’t
He definitely had, but he still wanted to complain a little. “You’re lucky no one’s around to take pictures right now.”
The scientist came with a drawn out moan, aborted little thrusts into Steve’s mouth, the fingers in his hair tightening for a few seconds before falling slack, sliding down to the bed. Tony couldn’t open his eyes for a few seconds, coasted on the pleasure until he came back to himself.
“I didn’t need any convincing,” Steve countered. “I didn’t have much choice in the matter either. You just have a way of getting under my skin.”
Tony licked his lips and smiled, pleased by the compliment, even if he didn’t feel gorgeous at the moment. He knew he looked like a goddamn mess, but apparently Steve loved him that way, sweaty and sticky with slick. He wasn’t gonna argue about it.
far out of reach, because that’s how Steve wanted it at the moment, didn’t want him to cum just quite yet, and goddamn was it driving Tony nuts.
They could hear the music blaring from a few houses away, saw the bright party lights filtering through the blinds. It was for all intents and purposes, a college party, not too far away from the campus of Brooklyn College. Tony didn’t really go out to clubs or anything like that too often, because they were too public. Half of the people at college parties couldn’t legally drink, so they were a little better at keeping their mouths shut when someone with a name like his came around.
of time had passed, since the contractions started, and since his water broke. It took hours for his cervix to dilate fully, and it’d been hours since, with him struggling, trying to push, and the ordeal still wasn’t over with.
Was this the best course of action? Should he do this? He knew Tony was a little drunk, but he wasn’t saying this just because of the alcohol, was he? If it were drunkenness that spurred this on, he’d be more insistent, more care-free and silly. Tony spoke with pleading, with
okay this fucking MONSTER was not supposed to be 10k!!! I am angry but not surprised. I got a little overzealous with this concept, and it's clear in how damn gratuitous it is. I really just be out here exposing my own fantasies huh. Whatever. It's good material.
He took a preparatory breath, and headed back out to Tony, tried to ignore the nervousness building inside him, like it had before their first date. Really. There was no reason to be nervous. He’d spent every day at Tony’s side, had gone on plenty of dates with him,
A few minutes later and the small crowd receded, and Steve pulled the scientist by the hand to the back door, so they could proceed with their plans. The backside of the building was even more idyllic than Tony anticipated. The source of the water was finally identified; there was a large mill attached to the building, its spokes digging into the water, and a bit further down the path he could see a waterfall. He didn’t know much about the cider making process, but assumed it was quite a hassle from that sight alone. He could appreciate the environment though, and so did Steve. He thought it’d be nice to sketch a place like this sometime.
“Here,” Steve replied, pulling back out of his grasp. He tugged off his own jacket, put it around Tony’s shoulders.
Well. Tony thought he should just take his damn “short mission” and shove it up his ass. Tony had argued that someone else should go, but the man had insisted on Steve’s specific skill set, and Steve, too kind for his own good, didn’t protest. He was sure he could get the work done quick and be home in time for dinner. That evidently wasn’t the case. Tony was pretty mad about it, if he were honest with himself.
. That being said, he didn’t want to damage his son. Even if he was a disappointment, he still carried the Stark name, and maybe, someday, he would learn his lessons, and finally follow in Howard’s footsteps. His grip lightened marginally, but his tone remained hardened. “You fuck up one more time, and I’ll put you right in your place. You understand me?” he asked.
And that was how they ended up here, almost two and a half hours later, with Steve’s cock hard and throbbing in Tony’s ass, the brunet occupied with a book while Steve tried to complete his painting.
“You just lay back,” Steve said, raising his eyes to look at Tony. They were deep and so damn blue, clear and beautiful, darkened by his dilated pupils. They still took Tony’s breath away on occasion. He doubted that would ever change. (He didn’t want it to.)
“It isn’t,” Steve insisted, and let his thick cock brush against Tony’s slick hole agonizingly slowly. It took a lot of self control, because it’d be too damn easy to just sink in to the hilt, to fuck Tony quick and hard like he’d been aching to do for a while, but he wanted to do it in his time, didn’t want to give in so easily.
Tony didn’t need to be told twice. He grasped his dick immediately, already slippery from how much he’d been leaking. He thumbed his slit, teased the sensitive head and then brought his hand down in quick, jerking strokes, eager to get there, to finish, not only for himself, to let go of that overwhelming tension, that deep desperation, but so Steve could cum, so Tony could feel his spunk filling him up, because he liked how it felt dribbling out, when his hole was loose and fucked, because Steve would call it pretty, would play with him when he did, and it made Tony feel so perfect, so loved he could hardly stand it. He loved being dirty, he loved belonging to Steve, and Steve was damn proud Tony belonged to him.
He expected Steve to have a good retort, but instead all he heard was a sharp, annoyed exhale, and suddenly Tony was being lifted off the bed, turned around, and his back was pressed against the pillows. Steve was on top of him, his cock still hanging out of his pants, already valiantly getting hard again, and Tony’s heart caught in his throat.
“There are children present,” Tony remarked, grinning as he felt Steve shift behind him to get off the bed. He only felt a little bad at leaving the work for Steve. The blond had avoided the ordeal of shopping, after all. Neither of them were particularly fond of the chore. Besides, Steve had the pleasure of having Peter to himself most of the morning. Tony deserved a little cuddle time with their baby.
she was having a good time. It also made the soldier more confident, more pleased, hearing her moans, her breathy whines whenever he fucked her. Who was she to deny him?
Steve leaned low over him, his body a warm barrier keeping Tony sandwiched between him and the bed. “Then you get fourteen more of those,” he said, and it was a statement, not a question.
The kiss didn’t last that long, because Tony didn’t really want to keep Steve from sleeping in the first place even if he couldn’t, but it still felt really nice. The last time they’d kissed was at the party, before all of this. It felt good to kiss Steve again, to know that he was still allowed that luxury. Steve had made mistakes in the past too, been on the receiving end of Tony’s ire, but none of that ever mattered when they made up, when they came back together again. The brunet hoped they were at that point now.
Tony set their beach bags and umbrella down, held out his arms. Steve peeled Peter’s arm from around his neck and carefully passed him over to his mate.
Tony didn’t know why he needed him so bad. What made Steve so much more special than everyone else? What was it about him that drove Tony wild, in every way? He wasn’t sure. He certainly couldn’t put it into words now, with tears in his eyes and nausea rising in his stomach, the world spinning a little from the buzz of alcohol. He hadn’t gotten
Tony frowned a little, but nodded. “If I come across anything, I’ll let you know. Do try to give a few hours’ warning before showing up again, will you? Having my schedule suddenly interrupted isn’t exactly helpful at this point.”
Steve raised a questioning brow then, and Tony gave a little nod, and then Steve gripped his cock, drizzled a little more lube on it, set the bottle aside again, and started pressing in. Tony was always tight, never quite loosened up entirely, or maybe Steve was just so big that it never really made a difference. The brunet let out a sharp little exhale as Steve pushed forward, so damn slowly. He stayed still as best he could, tried to remember to relax against the intrusion. It seemed to take forever, like it always did when they took it slow, when they weren’t raring to go and rushing it. It took a while, but then Steve’s head popped in, and they both groaned, and Tony reached up to take Steve’s free hand.
Every declaration of love from Tony left Steve’s heart fluttering, something warm and sweet settling in his chest. It did so now too. He found himself smiling a little at the brunet’s words, leaned down between thrusts to press a kiss to the brunet’s lips.
“Typical,” Steve grit out, his hands a vice around Tony’s hips as the brunet shuddered in his grasp, torn between scooting up the bed to get away from the intrusion or driving himself back further on Steve’s cock.
As the minutes went on, Steve got a little more vocal, couldn’t help it. He was so warm, and every slide, every lick and touch sent waves of pleasure creeping up his body. The sensation was damn good, as it always was when Tony used his mouth, because he was way too good at it, years of experience leading him on, as well as the acute knowledge of Steve’s body, the way it ticked. He knew exactly what left the blond shuddering and gasping, what drove him to action, and what left him a pliable mess.
That was true enough. From what he could tell, Tony wasn’t showing any signs of getting worse so far (at least not any easily discernable signs) but he wasn’t getting better either. He still looked exhausted, sick, and at this point, it was hard to imagine his scent without the taint of the Bond Sickness.
His old classmate, the one who’d invited him, hardly had a greeting to spare him before disappearing into the crowd, and Tony hadn’t seen him again the whole night. He’d learned to make friends at parties though, when he was younger, or at least, he tried, and he did the same tonight, with disastrous results.
Steve didn’t want it to end either, even as the next song started playing, and Tony tried to pull back out of his arms, to go turn it off.
He pulled shit like this quite often, actually. He didn’t like to be told no, and although he’d never
He attempted to put his wings away. The mechanism shuddered, groaned unpleasantly as he did, but eventually, the wings retreated into their housing on his back.
Tony took a deep breath. His face was still warm and kind of blotchy from his tears, and his nose was a little stuffed. The bruises pressed into his forearm, compliments from his father, stung, and would for a few days probably. Tony didn’t hesitate to crawl forward on the bed though, drop himself on Steve’s lap. He pressed a cheek to Steve’s shoulder, took a few harsh breaths when the blond’s hands settled on his back, his touch gentle and grounding.
“For everything that happened, between us. The Accords, Siberia, all…all that time afterwards. I’m so happy now—and I hope you’re happy too, but sometimes I just…I can’t help but think about it all. It haunts me.”
Sam did his best piloting. He tried to keep them out of the line of fire as long as possible, bobbed and weaved and used all the maneuvers he’d learned over the years, but it hadn’t been enough. He barely had enough time to warn the others to brace for impact with how fast they dropped out of the sky. Honestly, they should consider themselves lucky they didn’t go down in the ocean; the forest they landed in offered enough cover and chaos to flee the crash site, to try and find safety.
“How are you all holding up?” Tony asked, flipping idly through channels on the TV. He couldn’t seem to find something to capture his attention, anything to settle his mind, or his stomach, for a matter of fact, because he’d vomited not two hours ago. He definitely preferred the constant need to pee lately and odd food cravings to nausea. Hell, he preferred
called, and although he felt relief, knowing that the blond was okay, that there was still a chance to make things better for their baby, he couldn’t help but feel a storm of confliction.
He promptly expelled the contents of his stomach, gagging and retching, his shoulders heaving with the intensity of it all. His hands were tight around the bucket and his head was still throbbing, and his eyes were squeezed shut as he threw up. It didn’t last that long, but it was long enough for tears to form in his eyes from the pressure, and for his throat to feel raw from the acid.
“Who else would be to blame?” Ross replied. He wasn’t deterred by Tony’s posture, not this time. “It’s
to cum soon, regardless of how slow Steve was fucking him. He was taking his time with it, partly because it’d take too much force to really fuck him, and the blond was always careful, never wanted to hurt him, never pushed the boundary of pleasure too far. He knew Tony’s limit, knew every bit of him, every inch of skin and muscle, as well as his own body.
The Alpha was sitting with Wanda now, watching some show in a language they couldn’t understand on the small television their place had come with. It was kind of late already, way past their bedtimes, but she complained that she couldn’t sleep, so Steve offered to make her some tea and keep her company. He poured himself a mug too, held the ceramic between his hands, tried to take comfort in its warmth.
He couldn’t give up though. He had to do everything in his power to get back to Tony, at least through a phone, to explain. If he couldn’t, if he failed
His ears were ringing, and the dull but impossibly strong throbbing in his skull, directly above his left eye was going to drive him to madness, he was sure.
Steve growled, deep and irritated, and Tony had to hide his grin. Steve had a possessive streak a mile wide, and normally hid it very well, except for moments like this, when his buttons were pushed. “That’s not funny,” he barked out.
afterwards, and how affectionate Steve was when it was all over. It was always intense, sometimes almost too intense, but Tony loved a challenge, and he loved the idea that only he could handle Steve, that no one else had the privilege to.
Steve seemed to sense that. He glanced at Tony’s lips, just a fraction of a second, and then focused on his eyes instead. He’d always been able to fall into them, to lose himself in them, and doing so now, having the opportunity to, was more than he thought he’d ever have again.
The soldier agreed with that. “I don’t intend to,” Steve replied, pulling him a little closer. “I’m so lucky to have you. I’m…I’m really thankful we’re together.”
Steve brushed a hand over his pink lips, plush and swollen, and scooped up the cum splattered on his face, brought it to Tony’s lips.
“Okay,” he replied softly, gripped the blond’s jacket a little tighter. Steve’s fingers withdrew from his shoulder, but his warmth, thankfully, remained.
“Nat hasn’t found another lead yet. The bad guys are getting good at hiding their tracks. We have to be more careful now, since they were waiting for us last time. I don’t want a repeat of that.”
Sam wasn’t feeling very confident either, but he couldn’t think of a better plan. Time was of the essence; they didn’t have all the variables, had no idea if the jaws of danger were closing in on them, or on
“Rude!” Tony replied at the, admittedly well earned, title of ‘brat,’ and he pressed his cheek to Steve’s chest. He played with Steve’s hand, intertwined their fingers, fighting to keep the grin off of his face at the memory of it all.
He didn’t want it this way. He never wanted it this way. If it weren’t for Peter, he would have never agreed to any of this. But it wasn’t about what he wanted anymore. It was about what his baby, only a day old now, needed, and Tony would do anything to give him what he needed.
Peter hid his face against Tony’s neck to escape the tickling, scrunched his nose up and tried to hide his smile, and the brunet laughed a little. “You can say that again,” he sighed wistfully.
He really loved Tony, bratty behavior and all, but even Steve was reaching his limits tonight. He could feel irritation bubble up underneath his skin, made his suit feel hot and uncomfortable.
There were no words, really, for it, for seeing your child for the first time. It was a privilege he wasn’t sure he’d ever get, and still couldn’t believe he had now. Steve’s world had gone from empty, grey, to warm and filled and whole in a span of seconds.
Steve smiled back at him, brushed a thumb across his reddened lips. “Let me return the favor,” he said, and Tony nodded enthusiastically.
“I’m glad you were there too,” the soldier replied, tugging Tony a little closer. “I don’t think I could tolerate this day and age without you, honestly. It’s… It’s lonely,” Steve admitted, and his eyes were a little distant, a little sad.
Rhodey was in the kitchen making breakfast the day Tony decided to break the wall he’d built up between them. He padded into the kitchen, stomach already rumbling. He hadn’t forgotten the doctor’s insistence on him eating more, and he did his best to adhere to that rule.
Tony held the flowers a little tighter against him, raised his head, slipping back into his confidence. “Despite contrary belief, I’m not entirely helpless at event planning. I did get lessons on etiquette as a kid too, as all spoiled little rich boys do.”
He could just as easily take pictures from his StarkPhone, and had on occasion, but there was something charming in having physical copies of his pictures. Steve thought so too, was actually the one who’d bought the camera. After all they’d been through, being able to hold reminders of their memories, of the good times, seemed more important than ever.
The brunet shuddered at the sensation. He felt utterly destroyed, knew that he’d be aching for a few hours, but god was it worth it.
Luckily, the thought never crossed Steve’s mind. He wanted Tony just as much as Tony wanted him, and although he never considered making the first move, thought it improper given the fact that there were 7 years between them and Tony was Howard’s
. Steve loved it too, loved how small Tony looked in his grasp, loved that every inch of his beautiful body belonged to Steve, and that despite their age gap, Tony gave himself willingly, had claimed Steve for his own.
Tony was worried for Steve, in all aspects of course, but he really couldn’t help but fixate on his backside, on the gorgeous swell of his ass that was sticking up in the air for all intents and purposes, as Steve tried to get onto his hands and knees. He set a hand on the small of the soldier’s back, and maybe,
The blond let out a sigh of his own, pulled Tony firmer against him. “No jumping out of skin allowed,” he said finally.
He could deal with people being angry with him. He could deal with people hating him too. Plenty of people did. What he couldn’t deal with was
“They’ll ask about the algorithm again,” Tony said, letting out a sigh. “They will. I’ve got to figure out what to do about it.”
Rhodey was on his guard too. He’d sent an encoded message to Vision, explained the situation and insisted he return immediately. He couldn’t be found with Wanda. As far as the UN knew, he had never left American soil, and the Secretary would be suspicious if he were missing from the Compound when they arrived. He made it back with an hour and a half to spare. Wanda had been loathe to let him leave,  was naturally worried for everyone’s safety, and got herself to a small village in France, laying low until the situation was handled.
When the brunet let out a moan that vibrated around his length, Steve knew it was time to get to work, and he pressed forward, and forward, reached down to adjust Tony’s head a little, and suddenly, the head of his cock slipped down Tony’s throat.
His heart had leapt out of his chest, and he crossed the distance immediately after incapacitating the asshole who’d done it—the leader of a small crime ring that had pilfered some Chitauri weaponry from the battle and played around with it. Tony landed next to Steve with a
Tony’s head tipped back then, his eyes just a fraction hazier, more unfocused. He felt his face heating up, his stomach swooping. “Steve…” he whispered, a ripple of arousal rushing through him, going straight to his cock, which went from flaccid to hard absurdly quick.
“You too, pal. And tell me what the kid looks like. I hope, for the sake of the world that he’s got Stark’s brains instead of yours,” Bucky teased, smiling back himself a little, trying to settle Steve down. He still looked, and smelled, distressed.
it anymore, but a little craziness is nice to have. Museums, festivals, even the occasional gala we’re sucked in to. I think I’d go a little stir crazy without them.”
Steve watched with reverent eyes as Tony removed his garments, took pleasure in the way the deep crimson of his tie swept across his neck as he pulled it off.
, had come, snuck up on him just like their very first meeting had, had turned his entire world upside down. The moment was here. The moment was here and there was no running from it.
“No?” Steve echoed. “Fine. Then you’re gonna do exactly what I say, and if you break the rules, I won’t touch you again for a week.”
“I love being with you too,” the brunet replied, his heart swelling at Steve’s words. He squeezed Steve’s hand a little. “I love
Howard couldn’t really stand his son, for whatever reason, and was always disappointed in him, and he’d said as much when he yelled at Tony, slammed a fist down on his desk and raised his voice high enough for Tony to flinch.
“Thank you,” Tony sighed, his shoulders dropping in relief. He pressed himself against Steve in a hug.
Part of him was hoping everything would be fixed by then, that things would somehow go back to normal, and a simple statement would suffice, though he knew that wasn’t possible. The answer, whatever it was, would be heinously complicated, he was sure. He still had some time to think about it all either way.
, more specifically. That delighted him more than he’d care to admit, and in other circumstances he’d be pretty proud of that fact. But right now, his memory was coming back to him, and he just sort of felt guilty for all that had happened the night before, for needing Steve to rescue him, for intruding on him.
Tony didn’t offer him any sympathy, merely spoke more words, strong and sure despite the waver in his voice, the exhaustion palpable through the phone.
But Steve was still here, and they had a job to do, a problem to solve. Tony had to be able to solve it. If he got everyone into this mess, he could get them out, right? He hoped so. Maybe they’d forgive him then, and wouldn’t be so quick to lay blame the next time. But then again, he wouldn’t be surprised if his own creation would destroy everything he held dear, would drive his teammates and his partner away from him permanently. It felt like poetic justice.
But what if he wasn’t? What if Steve really was just with him because it was convenient, because it meant better communication, easier access, more supplies for the team? What’s if Tony really was just a vending machine, for love, for
. If he leaned back instead of leaning forward, he didn’t doubt he’d be able to feel his mate’s cock in him, pressing against his belly, big enough to
Natasha smiled, satisfied with her good work. “I’m gonna pull out now, alright sweetheart?” the scientist asked, and slowly pulled her hips back, pulled out.
Steve regarded him for a second, and then a wide, playful grin grew on his face. “I do. Milkshakes and burgers.
Tony turned a little so he could snuggle into Steve’s side, swung an arm around his midsection. “Thank you,” he sighed into Steve’s shoulder. “I mean it.”
He felt sick, from the events that had happened as well as the alcohol pumping in his veins, and he was woozy and lonely and terrified, and—and he needed Steve.
Also, Steve holding him close, flashing a brilliant smile and laughing was always a plus. They’d been in public together thousands of times, had appeared in thousands of photos together, but there was something about it that still made Tony’s heart flutter a little, made him proud. Steve was
“You needed stitches,” Pepper confirmed, watching him intently. “You were bleeding a lot. It took a long time to stabilize you. They worried you wouldn’t wake up again for a while; your vitals were all over the place, but you pulled through. You won’t be able to move too much for a while. The birth was very hard on your body. It’ll take a long time to heal.”
“Mmm, no. I don’t think I will,” he sighed, sounding somewhat bored, if Steve wasn’t familiar with the exact pitch of his voice when he was bored.
Steve could smell the alcohol on him, of course, had seen the slight sway in his steps when he walked towards him, and Tony had said so himself that he was at a party. He was definitely drunk, but not black-out drunk. Tony hadn’t given him specifics, but it wasn’t hard to fill in the blanks of what had happened. He just didn’t know the extent of it all, how far it went before Tony managed to get away, and that kind of terrified him. He couldn’t ask Tony about it now though, knew it would be too hard on him. Making Tony feel better was the priority right now.
Tony didn’t always feel that way. The baby days were hardly over, but he couldn’t help but yearn for them, wanted time to stop moving. He missed that new baby smell. He missed washing tiny socks in the laundry and bottle feeding, missed swaddling Peter, rocking him as he sat in the rocking chair. He yearned for it, really, but besides turning back time, there was only one solution: a solution which was, unfortunately, out of the question.
God, he hated it. He hated how Howard got to him, how he could drag him down so much every time. Tony knew his father’s words weren’t true. Tony knew he was smart, and useful, and a decent person, even if he was kind of a brat, but whenever Howard laid into him like that, whenever he said such horrible words, it was hard to remember it. It made him feel small, and stupid, like a child again.
When they finished eating and Tony leaned back on the couch, Steve couldn’t help but inch a little closer, rest his arm on the back of the couch, almost around his shoulder.
When they had finished the bottle of champagne and their plates were empty, Steve’s eyes were on Tony, vividly blue despite the low candlelight, and affectionate. The candles were really close to burning out now, a testament to how long they’d sat there. It was time to move, especially because the blond’s gaze was so hypnotic, enrapturing as always, and Tony didn’t want to get stuck in its tractor beam quite yet.
They’d taken shelter in the forest for now, got as far away from the jet as possible, and were trying to avoid detection, to recover themselves and to plan their next move. Nat had a nasty gash on her forehead, and one of Sam’s wings was badly singed. The carbon fiber was partially melted, and it wasn’t really in flying condition anymore. They were all covered in dirt and ash, with scratches and bruises to boot from the hard landing. Steve had a few burns on his forearm and hands to contend with too.
Tony couldn’t help but let out a yelp when the blond dove in properly, probed his already loose hole, licked deeper and deeper, like he was fucking him with just his long tongue, sloppy and wet and wild. Steve was already good at eating ass in human form. When he was like this, massive and intimidating and a little feral? It was maddeningly good.
Their schedules were insanely busy lately, thanks to a series of AIM attacks on the city, and meetings and responsibilities kept stacking up. It was hard to find time to even be with each other, let alone to have some intimate time in the bedroom. They made do, a little fingering here or there, a blowjob in the closet outside of the SHIELD meeting room, but they were both craving more.
Steve really wanted to go there? He wanted to go back there, just for Tony’s jacket? He wanted to go there just for Tony? What else would he do there? Would he find the guys who’d cornered him, who’d touched him? What would he say to them? What would he
The medical team wouldn’t let him rest though, wouldn’t let him give up. Nurse Celene was bracing one of his legs, and the midwife—he couldn’t remember her name right now, and he’d feel bad about it later, because he’d definitely had several visits with her during his appointments—was at the foot of the bed, ready and waiting, monitoring his progress.
There were a lot of obstacles to get to this point, and a lot of heartbreak and misfortune, but it was well worth it, honestly, because the reward of watching his baby grow up and having a devoted mate at his side was priceless.
“I love you,” Steve replied, tucking his arm under Tony’s back to hug him. “You and your crazy ideas.”
Luckily for him though, he’d caught sight of someone in the crowd with a pretty big umbrella, one that, if Tony was careful about it, may not have noticed him ducking under it too.
“I’m sorry you’re feeling that way,” Rhodey replied after a second of thinking it all over. “I really am. I know none of this has been easy on you. Sometimes I don’t know how you do it all. I don’t think I could. I just…I wanted to do what’s best for you, Tones. That’s all I ever want to do. I know it seems unfair, and maybe I should’ve given you more time, let you warm up to the idea once and for all. I just…I was scared for you, and I still am. I don’t want anything to happen to you, or the baby.”
When Steve sat down in the car, handed Tony his jacket, put his hands up on the steering wheel and let out a sigh, Tony’s eyes widened in surprise. His knuckles were red, irritated, a few of them busted, and there was a serious scowl on his face. His face was flushed, his eyes a little dark, his shirt collar ruffled. It made Tony’s heart rate double in speed. Had he—had he been in a
Tony, on the other hand, wondered if he’d ever be lucky enough to feel Steve’s lips against his, to hear a true declaration of love. The things Steve had just done for him, the way he looked at him, the way he
“Oh fuck,” he sighed, a hand coming up to cover his face. “I…my card’s in the jacket,” Tony explained, voice muffled. “Howard will kill me if someone gets it.”
Steve brought a hand up, cradled the back of Tony’s head and kissed back sweeter, slower, trying to convey his apology.
feeling. Did he suffer the same way? Was it worse for him, or different? How did he cope with it? He still couldn’t believe that Tony had been carrying all this time, on top of dealing with Bond Sickness. Steve couldn’t imagine what it was like. It didn’t surprise him that Tony was still angry, still distant. Steve had let him down so spectacularly, and he still doubted he would have the chance to properly fix it.
“We’ve got a few hours before you go,” he started. “Do you wanna…go on a date?” His heart fluttered at the mere thought.
Ross continued. “We want to send in the Vision. I’m sure if there’s anything we missed, he’ll be able to pick it up.”
The blond dropped his pencil on his paper, exhaled slowly. He hadn’t been getting any better either, despite their more frequent phone calls. They were making progress, he was sure. They’d actually had a few normal conversations in the last few days. He’d even gotten Tony to
If Tony hadn’t been enchanted by Steve the very moment he laid eyes on him, that would’ve surely been it for him. He couldn’t believe it. Steve had really beat those guys up for him? He’d gone in there, risked his reputation, his integrity, to preserve Tony’s? He’d done that
, and artificial. This was something real, truly real, like Tony had been searching for all his life, whether he knew it or not.
“Oh yeah, darling. Gonna swim around with you and Daddy. You wanna swim?” Tony asked, close enough now to adjust Peter’s little hat.
“Hey, easy Tony,” Pepper’s voice said at his left. He felt her hand brush against his cheek soothingly. He didn’t have time to greet her though. He wanted to greet his baby instead.
His hands wandered, caressed, until they reached Tony’s shorts. Tony reached down to help pull them off, desperate to free his aching erection. He’d held off from touching himself thus far, wanted to leave that to his partner like he’d requested, but damn was it hard. He always got worked up giving Steve a blow job.
. It was beautiful but intimate, and smelled really good, and Steve could tell just how much work Tony had put into it, and that made him feel that much worse for being late. Tony’s expression, the tear tracks on his face that Steve could see even at this distance really pushed it all over the top.
“You know they’d never talk. They’re dumb, but not dumb enough to get caught, or put us in jeopardy like that,” Rhodey insisted.
“So?” Steve started as he loaded their apples and cider in the trunk of the car. The trunk shut with a
“’M not,” Tony replied, reaching for his water bottle. He really should go and brush his teeth, but didn’t have the energy for it at the moment. Instead he took a couple swigs of water, spit them out in the bucket. “God, I’m so fucking miserable…”
“Are you okay?” he asked, though he was pretty sure he was looking at the latter when he said it. He might have leaned in a little too, checking for any cuts or tears in the fabric of the suit.
Tony’s hands flew up to his face to keep from touching himself. He let out a groan, half frustration, half despair. Every inch of him felt like it was on fire, like he was seconds away from falling apart. It made him kind of emotional in a way he didn’t expect, intense and full-bodied, and he’d finally had enough.
Steve’s cock was desperately hard, rubbing against her ass, despite the fact that she’d already gotten him off once, while stretching him. God bless that super-soldier refractory period.
What had they spent the last few months on the run for? Their pride, and nothing more? Had they made a true, irreparable mistake, with no way to repent? Had they made things worse, for everyone, for
Tony moaned. For all of Steve’s respectable daytime attitude, he had a dirty mouth. Tony was sure he’d picked it up during the war, with his old war buddies, who were now
He was tired, honestly. Things with SI had been kind of hectic lately, and there were a lot of hoops to jump through. Normally Pepper handled the brunt of the work, but she needed help this time around, and he wasn’t going to deny her, after everything she’d done for him over the years.
“It doesn’t sound like nothing,” she prodded. Maybe speaking, even about Steve’s issues, was more appealing to her than sitting in mutual silence at the moment.
Steve hesitated just a moment, and curled his arm around Tony’s back, held him close, like he’d wanted to for so long. He took a second to settle, and then looked down, at the little bundle in Tony’s arms, and he finally got a proper look at his son.
Steve’s massive paws were braced on either side of him, his weight leaving a sizable dip in the mattress. His claws had already scratched up the sheets a little, but Tony would simply buy more. It was worth losing a couple of Egyptian sheets for getting railed by the big bad wolf.
“As if you haven’t been sitting here for hours, with me filling you up, hoping, praying I’ll give up the whole thing and fuck you silly,” he muttered into Tony’s ear.
Steve hadn’t been in the villa when Howard called Tony into his office, shoving a rather expensive bill in the brunet’s face. Tony had been…a little adventurous in his spending, in preparation of his next inventor’s endeavor, and his father was clearly less than supportive. The stock numbers had been falling lately, and there seemed to be a lull in production on Howard’s part, and he clearly couldn’t stomach any more disappointments, was getting overwhelmed, and it depleted his already tiny reserve of patience that much further. He drank more, not just at the parties he was hosting, but pretty much all the time, and he was always in a foul mood, his lips twisted in a tight, unpleasant line, his brows furrowed.
Maybe he’d been right. Maybe Steve was nothing more than a harbinger of destruction, of misfortune, and he’d been too prideful, too self-assured to see it. He had ruined Tony’s life, had made things infinitely harder for him when he’d already been through so much, and no matter what Steve did, he couldn’t take it back.
He took a shuddering breath, waited for Tony’s response. He waited to be yelled at, he waited to be cursed, like he’d been expecting, like he’d been dreading for so long. He waited to be turned away, to be exiled once more, in spirit, if not in body, like he deserved. Instead of cursing him, of damning him, Tony let out a sigh which held the weight of the world, shook his head to himself.
Tony looked around the familiar garden at the question. The citrus trees had always been big, spread far and wide, even when he was a kid, but they’d definitely grown a little over the years. There was plenty of shade here and greenery, and it was quiet, and admittedly gorgeous.
A plan. How the hell was he supposed to think of a plan? Every semblance of a plan had just flown out the window. Every goddamn plan in his life seemed to fly away, slip right through his hands,
He could feel the tears start to spill, but didn’t have the strength to keep them back. Not now. “I need him!”
, wanted to know him, and although Tony certainly had his flings, had seen a girl or two, even a few guys, he’d admitted one day when Steve had asked about two men he’d seen sneak a kiss on a crowded street, he never brought anyone home, never stuck around them the way he stuck around Steve.
He was worried, and rightly so, in his opinion. He didn’t relinquish his hold on Tony’s hand though. He—he told himself it was for the brunet’s comfort, but it was more so for his own. He was more than aware of the way things could’ve ended up tonight, if Tony hadn’t called, if things had gone differently. The thought that Tony could’ve been
Eventually, he heard the streaming of tires on the wet street, and a pair of headlights came into view. The driver didn’t turn off the engine, merely opened the door and got out. Tony would’ve recognized his silhouette a mile away.
Tony leaned over Steve a little, took in the calm, content, blissfully unaware expression on his face, and pressed a kiss to his forehead. “I love you,” he whispered, with as much earnest tenderness as he could muster.
“You’re insufferable today,” Steve said, shaking his head. “Maybe I should turn you back around and have my way with you some more instead of giving you what you want.” The hands on Tony’s waist slid down, dipped under his thighs and raised them.
“And you think I had something to do with that?” Tony replied, frowning right back at him. He raised his chin proudly, like he had during their last in-person meeting.
He wouldn’t let his fear get the better of him now. He drove away his dark memories, the fear and the trepidation and anger. There would be plenty of time to be angry later, plenty of time to speak his mind. There would be plenty of work to do, and Steve was willing to do it, had gotten on his knees and begged for the opportunity. Tony wasn’t sure what else he could ask right now.
“I had to do a bit of snooping around for this one,” Tony explained as they walked. “Lots of searching through boxes and decades’ worth of embarrassing shit.”
Rhodey put a hand on his shoulder then, reminding him to stay calm, and Tony played it off as a painful kick, rubbed his belly.
Tony’s fingers dug into Steve’s shoulder then, the other hand reaching back to grasp the back of the chair. Every thrust felt so deep, so overwhelming in all the right ways, and god, he was already sensitive after being impaled on Steve’s cock for
Tony set the bags on the counter and heaved a sigh. He stretched his back, winced at the aching muscles. Looking at the ten full grocery bags he’d hauled in from the car, he thought maybe he should have just bit the bullet and made two trips, but he was stubborn like that, wanted to just get it all done in one trip. He’d be paying for it later if the twinge in his spine was any indication.
“This one’s a little after your time,” Tony joked, volume low. “But she loved it. I’m pretty fond of it too.”
“A change of pace, for sure,” Steve replied as he sat in the driver’s seat. “I wouldn’t want to live up here either though,” he admitted, looking out the window. “I’d miss the city.”
That evening, he managed to read over the briefing of the meeting he’d missed that Pepper was kind enough to send him, gave her a proper response, and altered his checklist for tomorrow. He couldn’t do much more than that, really. He was always exhausted after a day like this, but catching up on sleep probably wasn’t a bad thing.
Tony’s mouth was shut in a defiant line. He glared down at the floor, despite his heart beating erratically. He felt like a rabbit caught in a trap, the metal inches from snapping his neck. He refused to give in, though, as long as he could.
The little boy had shifted in his sleep, turned on his side to face them. The sight made Tony’s heart squeeze in the best way, like it did every time he saw Peter like that.
Steve’s heart fluttered. He loved Tony so much, but once in a while he said or did something that made Steve fall that much more, made him that much more devoted to giving Tony everything he could. “I don’t deserve you,” he replied. “Nobody does.”
They didn’t really do things in the dark, liked looking at each other too much for that, but now it was pretty damn dark thanks to the blanket of stormy clouds shrouding the sky, and the lack of sight made the tactile that much more intense. Steve went back to kissing him, pressing his groin against Tony’s. They’d both gone for sweatpants today, and he was happy about it now, about not having to worry about buttons or tight jeans when they got a little more into it and he started to get hard. The feeling of Steve’s erection pressed against him always drove Tony wild, knowing how big Steve was, and how it was Tony who got him hot and bothered, who filled him with desire.
Steve fucked into him steadily, drank in his low moans, the way they started soft and got louder with each press against his prostate. “Love you,” he groaned out, adding a little more force to the pumping of his hips. His cock twitched desperately, and god it felt so good, and he didn’t think he was gonna last much longer. “Perfect, so tight, fuck you feel good, Tony.”
Ah. He understood where she was going with all of this. He’d noticed it, in the days before everything went to shit. He knew how much time they spent together, could see the joy in Wanda’s eyes whenever she regarded Vision. He hadn’t asked about it, and didn’t dare assume now, but it was clear to him there were some sort of shared feelings between them. That only made him feel more guilty, really. It was bad enough that he’d ruined his own relationship. He didn’t want to ruin someone else’s too.
. Tony always ended up sore for days afterwards, entirely sexed-out, and it took him a while to recover from it. But he didn’t really mind. He loved the hickeys and bruises that painted his skin afterwards, the way Steve’s scent clung to him, the deep, primal satisfaction he brought his mate. He loved the way he felt
He felt like more of an animal than a man, honestly, every thought and desire fixed on a singular point, a singular objective, as if his survival depended on it. Each passing day brought more frustration, more urgency. At least a dozen times, Steve thought about abandoning the plan, taking his risks with the UN and calling Tony from a pay phone.
, and didn’t have much support, save that of his nanny’s growing up, and now, Steve’s. But Howard found fault in Tony wherever he looked.
Tony’s heart skipped a beat, and the room suddenly felt a thousand degrees warmer, but not in a bad way. He licked his lips, summoned his courage, and spoke.
Tony looked exhausted, small, and somewhat delicate. He still managed to look beautiful though, with the bags under his eyes and the red spots on his cheeks from crying. Steve noticed how he had wrapped himself in his jacket, tried not to get excited about it, about what it meant, like every little gesture, every smile and touch of Tony’s made him excited. (His treacherous heart failed him, beat so loud in his ears that he had to swallow it down.)
If Steve wanted that though, he’d have to tell Tony. The brunet, although already half hard, wanted Steve to work for it for making him wait so long. They could’ve already fucked, and be laying in bed blissed out by now, but
Tony chuckled a little, wiped his face clean. He cleared his throat. “Good to know I’m not slacking in my marital duties,” he said.
, which left Steve and Tony alone for the most part, and, unfortunately, left Tony the subject of his ire, the scapegoat for his pent up frustration. Howard would never do or say anything horrible about Tony in Steve’s presence of course, because he didn’t want anyone to know just how shitty of a father he was, but when they were alone, like this morning, anything was fair game.
Steve smiled at him, all sunshine, and claimed his lips with a kiss, much like he’d so entirely claimed his heart.
At first, when arriving in the medbay, Steve thought Tony might be asleep, and was willing to wait outside his room all night if he had to. But when he approached the room, directed by Celene (who not only congratulated him on the birth of their son, but having been present as Tony carried, and having seen first-hand the havoc and chaos, wished him supreme luck in this situation) he could see light filtering under the door, and knew Tony was awake.
“…Pick me up?” Tony asked before he could help himself. He’d meant to say something a little more eloquent, or give an actual confirmation of his location, but he was a little busy fighting the massive lump in his throat, trying to stop his lower lip from wobbling as hot tears fell down his cheeks.
“Great,” Steve replied. “Then get your beautiful self off of this couch so we can get to it.” He smiled.
It felt unbelievably good, after the mediocre morning Tony was having. Laying there, all together like they did more often than not definitely lulled Tony into a state of comfort and exhaustion. It wouldn’t take long to fall asleep.
“Truce,” he agreed, and set his hands over Steve’s, kissed him deeply, desperately, like he’d wanted to for so long now.
The redhead hesitated a moment, her eyes flitting between Tony and the baby, and Tony’s stomach sank. He’d seen that face before, on several different people, and it never meant anything good.
He wasn’t going to drive Tony quite so crazy today; it always took a lot out of him, being pushed to that point, and they still had plans later. The soft gasps, the slow-building moans he was pulling out of the scientist were plenty for Steve now.
Steve’s big hands brushed down his sides, his fingers dragging just slightly against Tony’s smooth skin. Tony’s skin was always so beautifully tan, even in the winter months, and he took care with expensive lotions and oils that always left him silky and smelling good. Steve pulled his hands back, brushed his thumbs against his boyfriend’s nipples, and placed a kiss to Tony’s jaw. “You’re so beautiful. You belong in a museum,” he said softly.
work this morning, but he also looked happy, at peace in a way, and that peace washed over the brunet too.
“I’ve slept on worse,” Steve insisted. He set his cup down on the coffee table, and his expression was serious, his eyes sincere. “Really, Tony, it’s
