It was like falling into a black hole, like losing the ties to everything else around him. In those moments, there was only burning rage. Like something took over his brain. And in the aftermath, always guilt. Guilt and shame and self-loathing.
”Not ’rather good’ at Latin. You were absolutely terrible.”
John let go of Sherlock and turned to face Gabriel. John’s voice was low and threatening, vibrating with rage.
“Harder, John, faster,” he demanded and John adjusted his grip and pace, and then remembered.
”John. Oh my god, John.”
He had tried, they didn’t help, he had called.
, imagining the things he could eventually teach her. Had seen her not as just any child - because she wasn’t. She was
With John’s hand still in his, Sherlock decides to get through the rest.
. But he’s clearly- Christ-
“Let it go, John. We're getting off track.” John sat back again, leaned his head against the back of the chair. The scotch was really starting to hit him now. He felt the room spinning slightly.
”Thank you John,” Sherlock says as he comes to plank himself down into the sofa, which John hastily cleared up before taking one of the corners - his usual one. Sherlock is dressed in a thick fleece dressing gown, flannel pyjama pants sticking out from beneath. His hair is still damp, and John breathes in the familiar scent, thinks that he’s never met anybody smelling as good as Sherlock - warm, clean, expensive.
He had not let him down. That knowledge was equal parts good and bad.
Wait. No.
The frenzy had turned into something softer as they had made their way to the bedroom, and John slowly climbed up on top of Sherlock, straddling him but leaning over, cupped his beautiful face in both his hands and resumed the kissing.
”Yeah,” John says. ”Because it’s always true. But you know, tonight.. What you did tonight. That was different.”
********************
Sherlock thought this was a bit odd. He had no recollection of conversations like that with Gabe, no, none that he could think of.
********************
”Good point,” John said and then proceeded to stretch out his legs on the side of the table, to resolutely rest his feet on the top of the old fashioned, green radiator. Then, just for the heck of it, he leaned back on his chair, balanced it precariously on the rear two legs.
However, this time, Sherlock was completely naked, and John realized that leaning over to kiss him there now would perhaps send signals of something else approaching. He wanted to do it, but didn’t feel quite ready for the challenge. It was so very odd to be the more inexperienced one in an encounter like this, and John really didn’t want to disappoint Sherlock in any way.
John lifts his eyebrows. ”What? Then who-” and before he finishes, he understands.
It was still hard to grasp, the fact that he was actually a dad, the father of this little human being. She was so utterly dependent upon them; well mostly on Mary of course, but having grown up with a good for nothing father, John knew first hand that dads matter, too.
. Could she have seen? He pictured her coming up to the bar just as… John suddenly felt very guilty, but that didn’t mean he regretted what he’d just done (almost done, he corrected himself).
Mike stumbled on his words, cheeks now even pinker, then threw his hands up in the air in a defeated gesture. ”Oh what the fuck John. What I’m trying to say is this: Did Sherlock ever tell you he.. you know. Swings the other way?"
As soon as the front doors shuts behind him, he takes out his phone. Checks the last texts in the thread with Rebecca, just to confirm what he already knows - it’s the ones he sent the day after their dinner. Nothing from her after that.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, just sits there, waiting.
Not that worry ever had helped anyone, John absentmindedly thought as the train slowed to a halt at the platform.
”Out with it.”
”I thought you had changed your mind.” And then he couldn’t stop himself from asking.
He and Mary had been carefully avoiding each other the entire day, only exchanging a few 'here' and 'yes' and 'ok' regarding Anna. Or maybe it had mostly been John doing the avoiding. They had grabbed breakfast and lunch separately, and John had tried to make sure to move away every time it looked like he might be cornered and pressed for some sort of dialogue.
But what could he say? He didn’t know, so he kept quiet.
”No! Go away! I’m not going to go!”
John forces his heavy eyes open, checks the alarm clock. They’ve only slept about four hours.
”None of ’is would’ve ’appened, had those bloody bizzies not come in and made a show.”
”Ah, yes, of course.” He blinked a couple of times before continuing.
“Shut up!”
It was, however, nearly impossible to focus on anything else but the tall, lanky man kneeling next to him. John stole a quick glance. Snowflakes were sprinkled all over his hair and his shoulders. In the headlights of the car, he was lit from behind. It was like he was shining, and John thought he looked almost outer-worldly. Perhaps he was.
”Oh Sherlock,” said John. It ached, hearing him say those words. He moved his hand, placed it carefully on Sherlock’s arm. He didn’t react.
No happy ending in sight, not for Sherlock at least. This crazy emotional breakdown he just experienced, it just proved the point. He would get badly hurt, had already. Sherlock abruptly untangled himself from John, sat up against the headboard.
”John, it’s terrific to finally meet you! I have heard
”You’re just on fire tonight, aren’t you?” John crossed his arms, pretending to take offense. He thought he was probably grinning like a fool.
”Tell me, do you?” He gave a few thrusts as he spoke, and Sherlock could feel his own heart beating fast and hard. This was a different side of John, coming out to play.
That was the color of John in Sherlock's mind. Turquoise green before his eyes, when he closed them.
“Alright,” he said. His voice came out weaker than he had hoped. So far, every single thing Sherlock had said had been correct. “Go on, then. I'm sure you've got more.”
The words Sherlock had spoken, the final proof that all this was the product of a mind not connected to reality.
Now Sherlock was smiling too, and within a moment, they were both laughing so hard that they had to support themselves against the bar desk to keep upright. Tears from laughter, but maybe also from release, were blurring John’s vision and making their way down his face, he wiped them with his hand. As soon as their laughter appeared to die down, one of them would glance at the other and there they were again, struggling for breath.
But then a couple of weeks would pass, and something would happen, and they’d be back, having some version of the same conversation, once again.
“Mr. Holmes, gosh, I can't believe it!”
”Would you like to take a moment to brainstorm ways that you could perhaps deal with this dilemma? Try to see if we can figure out some acceptable solution to keep you safe, for the time being, at least?”
The women he’d been with, Mary included, usually saw a blow job like something of a chore, a favor to be distributed on rare and special occasions, or to be used as a sort of currency or a way of apologizing for something. John had always been very happy to accept, regardless of the underlying reason, but it occurred to him that this, this thing he was witnessing,
Again, John has to focus to not allow an ocean of regret engulf him.
”I’m going to take a walk.” John had grabbed his jacket, so very careful not to slam the door behind him, and that made Sherlock crazy too, because it was as if John wanted to show him that
John was staring into Sherlock’s eyes, never breaking the contact.
John was looking at him like - well, like he loved him. Which he said he did, said it every day, but it sure felt good, seeing it shine through John’s eyes like this.
He felt like crying but was too tired to actually do so. The second he closed his eyes, he was falling backwards, tumbling into a dreamless state of unconsciousness.
He sent it, then dialed again. Voicemail. He left a message this time.
”What the hell!” he heard Gabriel shouting, then noticed him coming after, trying to grab ahold of John. He pushed him away with a hard shoulder, saw him actually losing his balance and tumble to the ground.
And then:
His head hurt, badly. Everything did. It tasted like something had died in his mouth. Dead. Deaded.
Doesn’t even know what he’s asking for; only that his entire body needs
”What is it?” Sherlock heard himself blurt out, far too insistent.
That thin but strong body, like a roman statue. Those slender hands that could dissect a cadaver without a tremble but also play the violin so beautifully it brought tears to your eyes. His lips… his lips that looked so soft and probably would feel really nice to taste…
Gabriel looked taken aback.
Could not stand lying there, naked in every sense of the word. Hearing John’s excuses, hearing his rejection.
Sherlock drew a sharp breath. John was still staring down, transfixed, and had unexpectedly put his index finger into Sherlock’s hole. The muscles immediately yielded. Sherlock braced himself for it to sting, but it didn’t. John pushed his finger in and out a few times, made a few low grunts in response to the wet sounds it produced, before pulling it out. He smeared some of the cum around the hole, drew circles in the wet mess with his fingers. When Sherlock laughed a little, John looked up at him, then pushed two fingers back in again. He smiled at Sherlock's startled reaction.
After catching his breath, he added, ”You should know this! You have the same name as one of the founding fathers of behavioral psychology.”
When John returned to the flat, he sat down and immediately ripped open the brown envelope that Mycroft had given him. He took out the papers and saw that it indeed was a medical record.
“On the contrary,” John replied, then proceeded to put both his palms back on Sherlock's thighs. He began moving up and down, firmly kneading the strong muscles underneath the fabric of Sherlock's trousers.
), not a trace of the usual condescension in his voice.
Despite all he’s said before, it feels like a confession. Sherlock keeps his eyes fixed steadily on the glass, holds it with both hands in his lap.
John still felt taken over by an extremely strong sense of detachment. Then he remembered the phone in his hand, pressed it to make the screen light up.
”Say it again,” he mumbles, and Sherlock obliges. Leans closer and whispers, with wet lips against John’s ear, a slow, teasing string of profanities. It sends shivers down John’s spine.
He didn’t. It was time to leave. He had to.
”You know Sherlock.. I wish you had felt that you could tell me about, er, about Gabriel…and all.” He was struggling to find the words. ”You know I think it’s all… fine. It wouldn’t have changed a thing.”
At the reception desk, he was greeted, if one could call it that, by a very beautiful and very snarky young woman. She looked him up and down, clearly judging his casual state of dress, and raised her eyebrows slightly.
On the ground in front of the car, a woman was lying motionless, her right leg bent at an unnatural angle. Leaning over her was a man, and it took John less than a millisecond to recognize the long coat, the dark curls. His heart stopped.
”John, you were there too, at the restaurant. Didn’t you see his boyfriend?”
But… he thought back on last night. And then he decided to put the fear aside.
didn’t really like socializing with us idiots, now did you!” He laughed out loud. ”Either that or you were just playing real hard to get!”
”You seem to have forgotten who you’re dealing with here, honey.” She straightened her back, rolled her shoulders for a second.
John pulled him close again, let his hand slide over that beautiful arse that he’d been trying very hard to control himself not to get too focused on. Sherlock leaned forward, resumed their kissing.
”Ah. Right. Is it serious?”
Perhaps if he could get nine eyeballs, then he could do a more elaborate design. That would probably be more efficient. He could do two experimental groups and one control group. Or maybe it’d be better to-
It reminded John of how difficult it would often be for Sherlock to navigate muddy, interpersonal waters. Perhaps John just needed to understand the reason behind Sherlock’s retreat. He made a promise to himself to try to calm down.
Every minute John had to himself - on the bus to work, on his coffee break, in the shower (Mary had commented with a smirk the long time that John had started to spend in there), in bed at night when Mary was asleep - John let his thoughts go to Sherlock.
Sherlock undresses at a speed worthy of a fireman -
* * *
…what if John
”May I touch you?”
It had been what Sherlock had called her. John had loved it, and never stopped using it, although he saved it for a special occasions and mostly said it when Mary was not around. ”I know this is hard for you. And I’m so sorry for that.”
As quickly as Rosamund appeared, she is gone.
you’d be ill – had everything ready that I needed.”
in this fixit, I felt that in this remix Sherlock and John should name their child on their own. Knowing the assassin-mother was named Rosamund, they would never have considered the name 'Rosie' for the child as the show did. To keep Sherlock’s canon retirement into beekeeping alive and well, I thought he’d enjoy naming their daughter after the goddess of bees while becoming obsessed with Colony Collapse Disorder
“What now?” Sherlock asks him.
after he tattled to Mum about a girl Sherrin had been sneaking into the manor several summers ago. But Sherlock loves the nickname from his eldest brother. And while Sherlock protects his own fragile eccentricities from other kids with well-deduced barbs and a general attitude of adolescent disdain, Sherrinford brings out all of Sherlock’s childlike, rascal tendencies. He is
the provider had assured him,
. Set up any plan, beautiful in its complexity.
“Yes...” Sherlock whispered back. “Yes, John... you have no idea. No idea of the things I want to do to you tonight.”
Their bodies were connected, and not solely in the most obvious sense.
And then he got the added bonus of impressing John by picking the lock with the ink cartridge from the ball point pen that John had been carrying in his jacket pocket.
He’d say ’
”Boys, stop it!” Mummy is looking angrily first at him, then at Mycroft. Then she seems to calm down again, turns to John.
,” he says emphatically. ”It’s just that- we- we’re not actually-”
”I need my gloves.”
The girl jumped and clapped her hands in excitement as the large insect moved. He caught himself smiling back at her. Maybe she wasn’t so terrible after all, this little Watson person.
”Hi there, I’m Mark,” said the husband, enthusiastically shaking John’s hand. He was short and a bit corpulent, with a dark stubble and round glasses. He was wearing a shirt in some kind of orange colored pattern that John thought was borderline insane, but the guy had friendly eyes and seemed to laugh a lot, a rumbling belly laugh that was quite contagious.
”Yes, I know I do,” said John. ”But still, I would expect the hunting instincts in this dog to be too strong for it to ignore if-”
“Yes, well, just wanted to get a confirmation,” said Sherlock. “Maybe then, if it's not too much to ask – maybe we could do that again sometime?”
The desk had been cleared of the stacks of papers that had been there. Had Sherlock been tidying up? But then John's eyes fell on the documents, scattered below the desk, all over the floor. The sight made him quite uneasy.
And that was it.
”It might have had something to do with the corpse I forgot in the bathtub-”
He looks at her and sees her happy face has changed into a sad one. ”What?”
Earlier, he had assumed it had to to with Sherlock’s work, but now he wondered if that bloke was the real reason. Still, Sherlock could not possibly know about John’s recent, er,
”Look! Do you remember? It was that day we spent at the beach - oh, look at that, Sherlock!” She’s beaming as she pours over the images. ”You were in your pirate phase. That hat! You refused to go anywhere without it.”
He shot Sherlock another glance. It was very hard to know what he was thinking.
John’s heart had gone into overdrive, although he tried to tell himself there was no reason for that, no reason at all.
”What? What is it, Daddy?” Rosie looks at him, confused. ”What?”
”Oh no! When are we supposed to be at the brunch?”
Sherlock pulled away again, but still had his hands on John’s hips. He looked up again, those dark eyes meeting John’s.
”I see,” he said again, looking completely neutral to this information.
And then John had gone on some sort of rant about this, and for every self-righteous argument he threw in Sherlock’s direction, Sherlock got more desperate because he had nothing to use back, no valid counter arguments, nothing to defend his stance. All he had, was that overwhelmingly strong feeling in his gut that he
So now, he was sitting dressed in a pair of blue jogging bottoms, the kind with the fuzzy inside; a cotton undershirt of exceptional quality and a gray jumper in one hundred percent cashmere, staring blankly at the person called Dr. Riyat.
”But I’ll save you the trouble, okay baby. Eddie! Edward Wanker! He’s… here.”
Even though Sherlock seemed to have progressed, learned a lot more about emotions, his own as well as others’, he still was, well, Sherlock. Certain things one would take for granted from other people, just couldn’t be expected from him.
”Sherlock,” he began, and felt another rush of intensive affection as he met Sherlock’s ever changing eyes. ”I’ve missed this so much I can’t even express it. Laughing with you. Being together with you. I’ve missed you. So very much.” He spoke softly, and then dared to put his palm on Sherlock’s jacked clad arm.
Two texts to be sent. Always a man of discipline, he began with the hard one.
”Huh, sorry, what was that?”
A cigarette would indeed not go amiss right now. He had a half empty pack in his coat pocket. Could easily pop out for a minute.
“Alright, alright,” Sherlock whispered. “Now fuck me. I want to know what it feels like.”
Sherlock sighs heavily. ”The entire time..” He’s still looking out through the window. ”I kept seeing all these horrible images in my mind. If I’d said something wrong, and Greg had… Could never live with that, John, you know that, and I-.”
”He’s picked up!” The voice comes from inside one of the cars.
Sherlock could see a slight annoyance in John’s eyes, which of course only spurred him on.
”Don’t move,” he said in a strained voice.
”Umm, yes, ’course,” John says, still not having a clue of what she’s talking about.
”Brother,” Mycroft says from across the room. ”Time for a perimeter check?”
”Thanks Sherlock,” John says, and is about to say something else when suddenly a police car comes around the corner in high speed, sirens on, making a sharp stop right next to them out on the street. The darkened window on the passenger side rolls down.
”Fuck, fuck, oh Sherlock, oh-”
”Depends on what’s changing,” he says, and John looks away briefly.
"I'm sorry I did that," said Sherlock. "Both before and tonight."
of people sleeping, or something.
On the plus side: the time he sent them. Means he went home alone, so no sex then, at least not that night. But- Sherlock tries to stop his mind from running with this and make it worse -
, so why would he need to avoid him?
And suddenly, the weight of this moment comes crashing down upon John. His throat is restricted, he feels the blood pounding in his ears. So many years, so many chances, forever lost.
On their next kiss, John began to massage Sherlock's opening with his thumb. He pushed and teased and poked the strong muscle, and felt Sherlock trying to adjust to the sensation of another person touching him there. John knew how incredibly intimate this could feel, and he was also aware of the difference between sex toys and another person's fingers. Or dick, he thought, and had to grind his erection harder against Sherlock's stomach for some release of the worst tension.
He studied the bruise on Gabe’s cheek. It was quite remarkable, actually; yellow and blue and covering a large portion of his cheek and all the way up to his eye. In a twisted kind of way, John felt a little bit proud over having thrown such a perfect punch.
”Oh god,” Sherlock panted in return. ”Can’t you tell? It’s amazing, John-”
They ordered drinks at the bar while waiting for the table to get ready. Within five minutes, Mary spotted her friend and her husband making their way towards them.
“You didn't. Quite the opposite, actually.” Sherlock smiled, a weak smile but his eyes looked happy. “John... that was... incredible. Better than I had expected. I loved it.”
The man smiled politely towards them. ”Hi guys, nice to meet you,” he said, then added, ”Charlotte, you look lovely,” and kissed her lightly on the cheek. ”Mark was a great support to me in the early days.”
From the first minute with Sherlock yesterday, it had been hard to take his eyes off him.
Systematically, he began to pick up the papers from the floor, put them back in neat stacks on the desk.
”I really think that I should be the one on the floor. Seems wrong to kick you out of your bed on Christmas Eve and all.”
“How the hell could anybody have seen this coming? He completely lost it in there.”
John tried to appear as relaxed as he could when he answered Mike’s questions about Anna and Mary and life in the ’burbs, all the while thinking about how to best ask about Sherlock, but then Mike brought the subject up.
”Good, I’m good thanks, how are you, Luigi?”
Turned out he wasn’t.
”I think you’re amazing,” John blurted out, then felt embarrassed, it wasn’t meant to come out sounding quite so swooning. He tried to cover it up.
”I said,” he begun, then seemed to hesitate for a moment. ”I was saying, that, you know… I’ve been thinking a lot about children.”
”No, I mean,” Sherlock’s stumbling over his words. ”I mean, yes. Yes. It’s just-” His voice is thick. ”It’s just that I’ve waited a fucking decade to hear you say that.”
He’s interrupted by Sherlock, lunging forward, pressing his open lips against John’s mouth, and it doesn’t take John long to lean in to kiss him back.
But now he wondered.
”Oh, Christ, John. I tried to make him understand, but he just didn’t. Expected you to be there still, at Baker Street. My poor, naive little brother.”
”Why on earth would you be out running in the morning, anyway? Have you turned into Mycroft?”
”You said that, before,” Sherlock mumbles into his skin.
It was dangerously close to being too much. John put his phone down on the table again, closed his eyes. He thought that he would probably never be able to sleep again, but somehow, eventually, he was. There were no dreams and no nightmares.
He switches from his thumb to his index finger, pushes in to the second knuckle and Sherlock is squirming, his cock is pressed hard against his stomach. A pool of shiny precome is forming there. John lets his other hand make trails in the wetness, but without touching his cock.
Then, finally,
********************
John’s arm, the one he’s supporting himself on, is trembling from the strain. He’s stopped kissing Sherlock and is just leaning his forehead against Sherlock’s, they’re both slick with sweat, hot breath on Sherlock’s face.
It all just sounded pathetic, needy, accusing. Dull.
Sherlock shivered.
”Do you do this on purpose, Sherlock? Pretend not to hear me, when I say things you don’t like?” Furrow between his eyes, restricted pupils. Angry, upset.
”Not too bad? You’re bleeding, for fuck’s sake, what the-”
A prominent sense of unreality held John in an iron grip throughout the following days. His mind was constantly fixed on Sherlock, on the other bloke, on his own reactions to it all, and on the truths about himself that he had previously clung so tightly to. On Mary and Anna and on how he had gotten himself into this situation.
Problem was, he didn’t say anything else. Instead, he leaned down, grabbed the clothes scattered on the floor by the bed, put his trousers on, clutched his shirt in an angry fist.
* * *
“I'm not a murderer!” John shouted back, and in doing so, he gestured with the limp animal in his grip, no doubt unintentionally.
”I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Sherlock says, shaking his head, and John’s smile widens.
”Ready,” said John, and Sherlock swung the door open.
”Then, it all went to hell. And that was, in no small part, my fault.”
In the chair next to him, Mycroft is looking equally deflated. ”My God, why hast thou forsaken me,” John hears him mutter as Mrs Holmes flips though the pages.
”Christ, Sherlock- ”I never- I never would have thought- this-”
Sherlock felt a pang rip through his chest.
Back in the flat, he didn't really know what to do. The worry made him restless, and although he was beginning to feel how tired he was, he just couldn't allow himself to relax. He walked up to the window, opened it wide to let the chilly nighttime air replace the cigarette smoke inside.
”Let’s go.”
They hung up. The quietness had gone suffocatingly oppressive.
Oh. So so very very tired.
”You choose,” Sherlock says.
”Sherlock?”
John raised his eyebrows. ”You don’t think I could! That’s ridiculous, sweetheart. We both know I’d take you down if I ever needed to.”
Sherlock noticed the crying fit had stopped.
”When did you first think about this, us? How soon, after we’d met?” John removes his finger for a short while, gives his aching cock a few hard strokes to relieve the pressure. Sees Sherlock lifting his head to watch, which doesn’t really help things.
”That it was all part of my cunning plan, of course! That I faked being no good, to get to spend more time cozied up with you and the books on your narrow little bed!”
Granted, he was still a little bit drunk but he surely remembered that he didn't live there anymore.
His first thought was that this was going to be impossible. It was too tight, too tense.
John, pushing into his hand, cock’s rubbing together. John, supporting his weight on his knees and one elbow, moving his freed left hand, cupping it around the back of Sherlock’s head. Uncoordinated kisses.
”It appeals to John’s perfectionistic personality,” Sherlock says from the kitchen table where he’s seated, feet up on the chair next to him, scrolling through something on his phone. ”He’s tidied up the entire kitchen at Baker Street. Don’t mind him, and perhaps he’ll do the same thing here.”
Once in a while, he'd still have a nightmare about it, but as long as he could wake up next to Sherlock, curl up against his warm body, it was alright. A few times, he had woken up in a cold sweat with a beating heart on a night when he'd been alone back at his place – that had been harder. On those occasions, he'd had to get up, check on Anna, pour himself a drink to be able to eventually go back to sleep.
”Well, my dear brother, for all his excellence in the art of lying, apparently felt that this was the right moment to start being Mr. Honesty. Whilst high, he called his boyfriend up and told him everything. I managed to persuade the man to fly back to London anyway, but from what I gather, I very much doubt that it can be fixed this time.”
It was early June, and the soft scents of summer and warm asphalt lingered in the evening sun. The streets were crowded with dressed up people, slight excitement in the air, the usual Friday evening buzz.
”Goodbye, John Watson.”
”I will,” he says, then thinks that maybe that was suspiciously agreeable. ”If I feel like it.”
“Let's talk about something else.”
John smiled. ”That might be difficult to arrange, given my reactions to you.”
Happy. Happy happy feelings, even though John didn't say what he had hoped he would.
”But you… do?”
”Not really,” said John, and Sherlock wondered how it was possible to feel this happy.
Only after a while did he start to think more about the part of not contacting Sherlock. What the hell was that about? His hands were trembling to the point where he could barely use them. It took several attempts to write the new message.
Sherlock had not once looked at him, he kept his eyes either down to the phone or on Gabriel. John broke out in a big grin, and started to type.
Gabriel flinched slightly.
Eventually, it seemed to work, because she calmed down and stopped shouting. She sat down in the arm chair again, rubbed her face, exhaled. John remained silent, took the opportunity to regroup and collect himself.
”I met Victor about halfway into my first year at college. As you might guess, I wasn’t the most sociable of students. Was always rather fond of moping in my room and working on my own little methods. And although I took both fencing and boxing, I wasn’t a part of that athletic group, either. Mostly kept to myself.”
He had turned to John and was now staring intensely at him, with a look that John interpreted as…disdain? The previous warmth that had been lingering between them, just before, was all gone.
He sits up, abruptly. Quickly yanks the tails of John’s shirt out of his trousers. Slips his hands in underneath, and is stunned by the sensory input: warm skin and coarse hair on John’s stomach. Runs them up over his nipples; small, erect. John gasps.
Sherlock rocked his hips into John, wanting more so badly.
Sees John’s expression change, and for a moment, it looks like he’s actually been able to stun him. But that was his intention, after all. Because he does not want to sit there like a pathetic loser and listen to John apologising, explaining; wrapping hurtful things in nice words so they won’t sound as ugly.
Sherlock feels dizzy.
He had followed through on his resolve. Had taken the all the advice that had been freely heaped upon him, and put it into action, firmly refusing himself to start second-guessing.Not unexpectedly, the people on his list had turned out to be big fans of Gabe. That was the reaction he usually elicited, Sherlock had learnt through the years.
Mary and Charlotte giggled at this. Sherlock’s cheeks turned red, but he was also smiling, clearly enjoying the teasing attention from Gabriel.
Finally Mummy and Daddy had decided that Mycroft was old enough to look after his oddball for a little brother, and then at thirteen, it was off to boarding school and the proper hell begun. Sometimes he wondered if he would have pulled through that final year if he hadn’t met Gabriel.
Dear lord, how he wanted to do all that. But for now, he needed to focus on not scaring John away.
No. They need
* * *
He had expected her to get upset, of course he had. Expected her to cry, to yell at him, to be angry. After all, that was the way the girlfriends he had broken up with in the past had reacted.
He wrinkles his nose. John scowls.
He follows mutely, his brain suddenly coming back online. They’re running up the stairs into Melissa’s nursery, rushing to the howling, red-faced infant, indignant in her crib. He scoops her up, hushes and bounces her as John wraps himself around them both, one hand cupping the back of her soft head, uttering a soft string of relieved profanity.
“What are you adding there?” He gives a little whistle, seeing the ‘family tree’ page filled margin-to-margin with tight, neat clusters of names, dates, and connecting branches. “Jesus, how many generations back does that go? It only asked for the great-grandparents.”
John nodded. “She was expecting us,” he said around his mouthful.
Sherlock frowns. “It is
The kettle whistles and Sherlock eels from his grasp to fetch it, pouring steaming water into the mugs and efficiently opening the box of tea. John leans against the worktop, watching with a small smile.
The hope has rekindled, burning brighter for the mad notion of raising a baby with Sherlock, mingled with grief at the idea of Sherlock no longer taking cases, all to make that life possible, to keep them safe.
“Tidy work with the chloroform molecule, never seen it broken up like that. Must make it potent, but still water-soluble. Right, so the lights go out, but… oh, why the adenosine and melatonin? You must want to prolong the sleep-state.”
“Could’ve found out by walking in on us… you know, in the act.”
“What magic will these add?” he asked.
The earpiece in his ear canal is nearly invisible, less than an eyelash-length of hair-thick transmitter. It only communicates tone, not voice, and will only sound if Rosamund is detected to be moving toward the house. Her trace had finally failed as she approached Wembley on the Bakerloo line. It’s anyone’s guess what she will look like.
“I didn’t ask it yet,” Sherlock says quietly.
Sherlock feels the thrill percolating in his belly, sees the starling-cluster of compounds ripple and cascade through his mind. He raises one eyebrow.
Because, quite simply, that would inflict the most pain.
By the time Mrs. Hudson had returned with her basket full of something prickly and vaguely pickled-smelling, both John and Sherlock had managed to completely transform their faces and hold the effects for several minutes. She clapped and praised them, then abruptly ended the lesson.
“But,” John sputtered, “why not find the Wall, live with Faerie?”
is both the code name for Jim’s plan to ‘burn the heart out of Sherlock’ and reference to Sherlock’s deep love for John.
“Oo, let’s read The Hobbit next.”
To all my readers, may you be cozy wherever you are as you read this next chapter.
Kinsey rounded on him, scandalized. “But that was top secret!”
“Mr. Holmes, evening.” Immune to his sour tone, the willowy young half-Scottish-half-Japanese youth gives him a lopsided grin full of braces. He holds out the bag. “Your usual, sir.
He should let go now. He knows he should. But John is in his arms, warm, the scent of him intoxicating, his soft hair brushing his face. He rationalizes with himself. Better to let him get into a deeper sleep cycle before he tries to move, lest he startle him and bring up very awkward questions.
. I want to see
He feels a subtle spasm of muscle under his arms, a quick intake of breath. With a pulse of mortification, Sherlock realizes it’s too late. He tries to squirm away, but John’s hand moves with surprising speed, gripping Sherlock’s forearm, holding him in place. He can’t breathe..
“Congratulations, gentlemen. May we introduce you to your healthy, newborn daughter.”
Let all your fervid wishes rise,
, then, if you’re so keen to drag us into it,” John chuckles. “I like Leander. And that one, from the wood elves…”
We both were. By a–”
“Tut, John, while I’m sure you are quite peeved at the moment, we know how your anger clouds your judgement. Do consider our
He nods absently, drifting to the curb, eyes on the ambulance. Behind him a very fit man and woman in dark clothes exit the flat, nod to Mycroft, and disappear into the black car. Mycroft passes his umbrella to Molly, then stands shoulder to shoulder with Sherlock in the drizzle watching the approaching ambulance.
“No.” John juts his chin. “I want it clear. I’ve been too long in the dark. It was awful, waking up in the hospital like that, no earthly idea how I’d gotten there. My heart nearly stopped when I looked over and saw you in the bed, so pale, all hooked up and dead to the world.”
John looks up from the receipt and scowls at him. “Say, you alright?”
The nightmares lack dimension. Upon closer inspection, they crackle apart into irrational logic. Like that wild one where Mrs. Hudson careened to his therapists’ in a sports car, Sherlock drugged in the boot, helicopters trailing. Or that awful one where he was
Sherlock’s icy mask softened.
“Your oaf of a comrade was quite at a loss for words,” the medium rumbled, then continued in a rehearsed singsong. “Please, sit. I will Read Your Past, Your Present, Your Future, for I Have the Gift of Seeing and None Can Live Nor Die and Hide Their True Self from Me.”
with planning a mass terror attack. Using a memory-inhibiting drug to avoid being connected to my attempted murder will not gain her credibility with the League. Dear, dear, Rosamund certainly put her foot in
Johnny knew the routes of all the airships that passed over this sleepy corner of southern farmland. This beetle-shaped passenger ship was trundling south to Brighton, flying all the way from London, the City of Steam, where the airships were built by the finest Blessed magic.
Sherlock stared hard at the charm in his palm. “It doesn’t work.”
“Hardly. Worm. He serves his purposes.”
alive. Tha’s even better.”
“Mm, yes,” John hums into his ear, “I remember you saved my life, pulling me back up the rocks, how we clung together up there, just two little specs of people on that perilous rock. You held me through my panic until I could breathe again.”
“Budge over.”
Shaking the pins and needles from his arm, John quickly pads into the tiny loo. While he sits, head in his hands and marveling, he has a sudden stab of guilt, realizing he has not given a thought to Rosamund since the baby arrived. The nurses have said nothing, but he can imagine that by now she has been cleaned, clothed, and rapidly moved to her next destination at a maximum-security prison while they have lain here, at peace and besotted with her daughter.
They tuck in, their plates and cups crowding the small table between open files and grisly autopsy photos. Sherlock stays riveted to his laptop, digging again through the brothers’ public records, hacking into their social media accounts. The footprints clearly indicate a confrontation on the ridge, but he can find no sign of animosity between the two, no record of miscreant behavior, no money squabbles or comments tinted with jealousy. Grabbing for more chips, he stabs at the keyboard in frustration.
are you?”
These husbands...
“Wait,” John scowled. “But if you can see the future, didn’t you know this would happen?”
They are quiet for several moments, each focused on their portion of the experiment.
Incredible thanks to all of you who are patiently reading along with me as I write. Your kudos and comments are so wonderful to receive. <3
John glares at the floor, lips pressed together tightly, but doesn’t refute the string of evidence. Sherlock continues to knead his shoulders.
“John!” Sherlock spluttered blearily. “What’s happened?”
“Oh, not at all, John, she’s a love. I’m just glad you two have a chance to do a bit of gallivanting.”
From: redbeard001@ox.edu
“I love you, John,” he whispers back, blurting in a rush,  “I love you so much – I've always loved you...”
John’s smile flattens into a solid scowl at the approaching officer. “Freak?” he mutters quietly, his hackles rising.
before I arrived. They’re in the bathroom.”
version.”
“I was remembering,” he mumbles, thick with sleep. “That night in Beddgelert. When you didn’t have your violin.”
John sucks in ragged breaths, hiccuping small giggles, and harrumphs himself calm. He stares up at Sherlock very seriously.
“Sherlock, just stop it, already,” John rubs his temples with frustration. “Do you think so little of me? If I sat you down one day and fed you a mountain of my secret history, would it honestly make you question…
have you been? I’ve been worried fucking
“Course I can. This is stinking with errors, Sherrin. How on earth did you get your doctorate with this sloppy work?”
baby, Sherlock,” he says, quiet and tense. “We don’t know if there even still
“It’s not Mycroft’s fault.”
Sherlock smooths his palm over the nape of John’s neck, up into his hair, over and over, as if he could somehow massage out the horror of what John has just done for them.
. Neither do you, as my father could attest.”
Thanks for reading this far, and for all of the lovely comments and support of this story. This completes the Appendices. Sacre Coeur ficlets follow! First up: Some parentlock sweetness in Pond Stomp.
That Heav’n and Earth may join to shed
“How do I know you’ll keep your word?”
“Kestrel,” they say in unison.
“It’s
John’s nerves writhed, but curiosity won. He nodded curtly and tried to clear his mind. As his scalp tingled under Sherlock’s touch, the halfblood’s eyes darted over John’s features as if the information he sought were written across his skin. He suddenly pulled his hand away, grinning smugly.
and John baffles him more than ever..
“I can think of few antidotes that would do you better. I seem to recall we have a man’s innocence hanging in the balance, and potential victims to keep off that ridge.”
Sherlock watches him very carefully.
With trim, efficient movements, he wound Sherlock’s dark cloak around him tightly. The man endured it without protest. John pulled an empty flask from the inner pocket of his coat and limped over to the sluggish little stream. As the flask filled, he caught a glimpse of his reflection in the fading light: face scratched, wind-blown hair, a wildness in his eyes he didn’t recognize.
“Uh oh,” Sherlock whispers conspiratorially to the wide-eyed baby nestled in his chest carrier.
Down to my flat.” She glares at an operative who has the good sense to look abashed. “To think of it, keeping you up here! In the midst of all this!” Her indignant fury flashes in her eyes as she helps Sherlock heave John and Melissa off the couch. Sherlock notes the tension in John’s arms. It would take a great deal of strength for anyone to pull their baby from him tonight.
Lestrade rolled his eyes and sped up his pace. After all these years, the insubordination of his crackshot Telekinetic Sergeant was almost fond. Lestrade had to appreciate Tobi’s fierce dedication while their department rusted into obsolescence around them.
Even with his heavy, sodden clothes, he’s too buoyant. It’s hard to keep himself parallel to the floor. With some twisting and bobbing, John makes a circuitous search of the wall in total blackness, the dull thud of water in his ears, his heartbeat drumming in his throat. His burning lungs send him up for a breath. Down again.
“Hmph, you’re still too weak to fly, Sherlock,” William mused. His enormous eye swiveled to John with a look both kindly and penetrating. “Don’t ‘spose
“William warned us,” John said thoughtfully, leaving his post by the fire to sit across from Sherlock. “It’s just awful. But he didn’t think it was the Netters.”
“Me, too. But we’ll figure it out. Everybody does.”
Sherlock turns and stares into his eyes.
Half treading, half bouncing, he yells himself hoarse calling to Sherlock, Mycroft, Lestrade, Harry, Moriarty, anyone. He’s met with the echoes of his voice ricocheting around the walls of the well. John cranes his neck up, trying to see into the darkness. He gasps as he sees a light – he yells out thinking it’s a flashlight – but the light is fixed, the thin point of a crescent moon rising high enough in the night sky to be glimpsed from down in the well. He slaps the surface of the water with frustration.
Thank you for your immense patience! With school underway, writing, beta'ing and revising are going at a steady – but slow! – clip.
Sherlock doesn’t have to ask who he means. He ducks his head and kisses John for a long time until Melissa protests her exclusion by grabbing at their cheeks.
Subject: Re: 60!
magically-trained assistance.” She briefly covered her eyes with her thin fingers and huffed a humorless laugh. “You’d think I’d learn after all these years.”
“Sherlock, a short time ago I was drowning. Utterly real. And while I was in that freezing water, I went through every person I should be struggling to stay alive for.” He gives Sherlock’s hand a small squeeze. “Maybe I was in this bed the whole time, warm and safe. But to
Kinsey eyed him critically, then shook his head. “Now, don’t be so hard on yourself, Doc. You’re old, sure, but you’re plenty strong. They could even replace that bum arm of yours. Get any kind you like.”
“John? What– don’t–”
“I’ll just pop down and ask Mrs. Hudson for olive oil–”
“Because either I’m about to brutalize you in an alley, or I’m simply offering you a space to be that
Rosamund’s father, Sebastian Moran, once-head of The Magpies and responsible for Sherrin’s death (as well as dozens of other scientists), is killed while on a tiger hunt, ultimately because Moriarty-Sherlock introduced a tiger pheromone to his jacket that instigated the deadly attack.
A mossy wall.
The doors slide open on the lobby. Sherlock shuffles out, numb with the realization that they’re witnessing the result of a chemical mistake, not an attack. They wanted to quiet Sherrin, though to what end… and instead they’ve sent him inexplicably to the hospital in a coma.
Two free hands.
But as he walks back to the main road, the rain soaking into his Haversack, he doesn’t go down to the tube. That magnetic repulsion keeps his feet moving. He walks back to Baker Street. And then, using his key, slips into the entryway of 221B. He pauses, noticing his wet footprints on the hall floor. With a quick look up the stairwell and toward Mrs. Hudson’s door, he quickly crouches and rubs them out with his coat sleeve, then ducks into 221C to wait.
John blinks, taking in the cluttered lab spread out in the room, suddenly comprehending.
Does he know too much? Will he be dosed? Kidnapped? Killed on the spot? She looks like she could do the job. He rattles through his options and their probability of success.
Sherlock nods, simply.
.” Sherlock glared into the whorls of the tablecloth, his speech coming in a tumble. “It was just me, my overprotective half-brother, and Gran.” His sour expression clouded over with sadness. “My grandmother helped me learn to control my magic as best she could, but when she died, I became… unpredictable.”
that evil will turn about and aim a gun at your head if you try to stop it. Or toss me into a pyre to prove a point. I see you sorting
. As the video plays, he runs rapidly through their experiences, but can find no supporting evidence either way.
Sherlock realizes with a bolt of shame that a part of him is mourning his nemesis.
Sherlock’s gaze became oddly intense and unblinking. A buzz of magic tingled in John’s scalp and his thoughts began to feel fuzzy.
With each bite, Sherlock felt as if clouds were drifting from his mind. His thoughts felt sharper and the heavy fatigue slid from his body like sandbags dropping from a balloon. “I feel
“Can either of you cast a proper glamor?” the troll asked.
“Let’s get you up, John, and back to bed.”
Sherlock huffs, but obliges, leaning close to inhale the new-baby scent, grinning despite his nerves.
“Five S’s: swaddle; side; shush; swing; suck,” he rattles off by rote, gritting his teeth. “This is
Sherlock gets to his feet and pulls John up with him. As they continue their stroll, Sherlock laces their fingers together.
“Hey, Sherrin. Breakfast.” Sherlock sets the tray down on the side of his brother’s childhood bed, giving the sleeping lump a shake. The mound of blankets groan. A shaggy black mane pokes out, blinking blearily and yawning hugely.
“Because of the premonition.”
“There are three bottles of milk ready on the top shelf,” John repeats.
John let out a little whoop of joy. “By the
“It’s Mycroft. He has the results of the paternity test. Sherlock,” John’s voice cracks and his eyes fill. “Jesus, Sherlock, it’s
Sherlock half-yawns, realizing mid-way he should cover it up.
“You’ll come back, then –” Sherlock blusters, rising up on an elbow.
Sherlock marvels at this specimen of his husband, his cheeks tanned and ruddy, hair bleached silver-blonde, eyes crinkling with smile-wrinkles, relaxed and chuckling at their baby. He tuts cheerfully as he extricates a clod of turf from her mouth and emphatic little fist.
“Panic attack, love,” John hums at him, brushing the hair back from his face.
But it wasn’t just cleverly-connected gears inside those metal men. Oh, no. Lestrade had been burdened with the awful secret of it a year after the Queen’s coronation.
“She’ll be experimenting with long-term events.”
He nodded sharply to himself. It was all very simple. With a roar in his ears, John stepped out from behind his tree into the clearing, holding his hands palm-down peacefully, declaring no magical intent.
“So go on, then. Tell me. Who did this to us?”
The rice is cooling on a back burner of the stove and John is simmering the mushrooms in their cream sauce. He’s opened a beer and taken a few casual sips. He takes two more bottles, opens them, and hastily empties them down the sink drain, leaving the empty bottles visible on the counter. If John Watson had been home, worried sick over the whereabouts of his pregnant wife, he would be at
I occasionally have a sharp sense of premonition, but the entirety of it is rarely clear until it is nearly upon me.”
Ahead of him, John finds their room and unlocks the door, but only stares through the open doorway, unmoving.
(See the end of the chapter for
to some time to get my head back together. I could use quite a lot of time to catch up with my
John’s cheek rests on Sherlock’s belly, slick with sweat and the traces of their lovemaking. Sherlock idly ruffles John’s hair as he floats in a gauzy haze.
John’s insides curdle. “You did.
But that was only half the trick, wasn’t it? He had to welcome in his mundane magic, the mind-control of the
“Look at you, you’re done in.”
He dives back under the water. After some frantic groping, he finds the pipe again. With only his sense of touch, he jams the balled-up shirt into the opening with stiff fingers, staunching it briefly. The force of the flow pushes it back into his hands. With a silent curse, he surfaces for breath.
The medium gave John a small smile. “Quite. My brother and father had no notion of what to do with me. I was as good as a prisoner in my own home. So…” he shrugged. “One afternoon I orchestrated a distraction, much aided by a flock of migrating starlings, and flew away.”
“’Course I do. It’s beautiful. Like a single line all woven together.”
“Yes, but I was still feeling incomplete.” He pressed a kiss to John’s temple as they walked through the dripping garden toward the warm glow of the cottage. “My day was missing ginger nuts, too.”
“No no, they found survivors that had been living in a Northumberland church for a hundred years. They’ve been introducing them to apiaries around the country. A city hive must have them. I’ve never seen one – see how their banding is so much darker?”
Sherlock’s shoulder is soaked against his face. John digs his fingers into his back. He’s never cried like this in his life, ripped open and exposed, loud, messy. He doesn’t care. Sherlock’s got him, holds him like iron.
John walks cautiously through a cold sitting room with a wall of dark glass overlooking the pinpoint lights of the city. The only colorful element in the room is a horrid red leather rug that looks as if someone has bled out on it.
John catches his eye. "Let's sit with Avery and Chen. I don't trust this lot."
“Your turn next, never fear. You were quite unconscious for the entirety of what I’m about to disclose.” Sherlock begins to pace, but remembering how that had unnerved John, he settles onto the bed again, looking to John for permission. At his nod, Sherlock again scoots over until he’s pressed lightly against his side. The touch sends another bolt of electricity up his skin and it takes a moment for him to focus. He still can’t quite believe they’re here, sitting in his bed, that John is awake to hear this.
John keeps mumbling things into his ear, into his neck. Sherlock’s body is on fire.
He surprised himself by wanting to share his enthusiasm.
”Yes. That’s what I mean. I saw you, before, going through all those accounts. I’m sure you know more about that kid now than he does himself, and yet. Not a single deduction.”
From across the table, Greg reached out to turn the recorder off, sighed heavily. “I keep wondering if we should have seen it coming.”
“Let's start with this,” he said. He held out his right hand to her, and she turned to look.
John speaks again.
”Wow. You deduced that in seconds, didn’t you. That’s… extraordinary.” John shook his head in amazement. Not much use for smalltalk when you were with someone who could know everything through a quick glance. It’d been so long since the last time he’d seen Sherlock at work, and it was just as mind blowing as the first time he’d gotten to witness it.
He grabbed a free bar stool for Mary, then took off to look for Sherlock.
The angry woman started to shout at John again. She looked like she was ready to physically attack him. Good luck with that, Sherlock thought and felt his smile turning into an ever wider one.
Sometimes, he ruminated about what was happening, tried to sort out what he was going to do, never really finding any answers. And sometimes (okay, often), he indulged in the sexual fantasies.
They drank their coffee in silence, basked in the lovely warmth of the August morning sun. In a few weeks time, summer would be drawing to a close and they’d move back to Baker Street. But right now, nature in Sussex Downs was really at it’s peak. Birds singing, an explosion of green everywhere, the bees in the hives already out and working hard.
“I'll drink to your freedom, though,” Sherlock said and held up his tumbler with a dangerously swaying hand.
”That was… Christ, Sherlock. That was amazing. Extraordinary, so fuckin’ hot-”
John had once again felt an almost physical pain when he didn’t allow himself to explain to Sherlock why he was still living with Mary. The pain had not exactly become any less when Sherlock had proceeded to give not the Baker Street address, but one near Hyde Park instead.
Sherlock took a deep breath.
. Sherlock’s breathing had become more audible, John could hear the his every breath, now faster, with a small sigh of ”oh” on each exhale. And when John tilted his head slightly, he could see Sherlock from another angle and noticed that, as expected, he was naked from the waist down, moving his hips ever so slightly.
”Sherlock, can you come with me? Come with me-” and then John lifted his hips up a bit, shifted his weight to one arm, and reached down in between them, put his hand around Sherlock’s. Sherlock could feel John’s fingers, occasionally brushing against his bare skin when their hands moved.
”Clever thinking, John,” said Sherlock. ”Just make sure to tell me when, so I can go back to Baker Street.”
”John,” Caroline says. Sherlock’s leaning against the wall, his knees feel weak. ”Listen. You really need to have a chat with Sherlock. Tell him to his face. You know, for all his brilliance… he’s just not very good at reading between the lines.”
“He saved me, Sherlock. If it hadn't been for Mycroft and his connections, Lord only knows how long this shit would have taken.”
”Or not lucky,” Sherlock replies. ”I don’t know which option would be best, at this point. The entire place is chaos. Mummy’s mad because Daddy still hasn’t prepped the turkey for tomorrow, the house is still a complete mess, Uncle Rudy needs help every thirty minutes or so to use the loo, and the guests are coming in about an hour.”
John smiles again, the warm sparkle back. ”Yes,” he says. ”I know you do.”
“I said, it's not irrelevant.” Sherlock was still mumbling, still not looking up.
A single drop of pre-cum trickled down from the glans of Sherlock's cock, made it's way down the shaft. On his belly, the skin was already wet and shining. John bent forward, reached out his tongue to let it meet the impossibly thin, soft skin of Sherlock's dick. He licked up the drop, reveled in the taste.
He got back, but this time, instead of lying down on his side again, he sat up on his knees, positioned himself between John’s legs. He had a silvery foil packet pinched between his right index and middle finger, held it up to John, raised an eyebrow.
”What about Rosie?” Sherlock asks. ”If you decide to accept.” He pokes around the food with his chop sticks, is not really hungry but decides to take a cucumber-avocado roll anyway.
But why then did he ask for the keys back, when he hadn’t mentioned them once since John moved out? Then it dawned on him. The bloke. The keys were for him.
Back to John.
Sherlock tried to sit up more, wanted to touch, to kiss, but John put a strong palm on his chest, gently pushed him back down.
“No we don't. I'm clean and I'm sure you are too. Can't you just use saliva? John, I need you, I need you right now.”
The kid’s talking about being thrown out from his mother’s house for doing drugs, about being high and stealing a car. About struggling in school and having belly aches from the constant screaming and fighting at home; about being afraid of his mom’s boyfriend and his bad temper. He’s talking about having no place to live and moving from couch to couch, and then from underpasses to tube stations, from misery to more misery.
It occurred to John that this was just how life was, at this point, at this age. This was what real people had in their real lives. Pasts. Ex-wives, ex-boyfriends. New lovers. Kids and dogs with joint custody-
“No way, my friend.” John was smiling now, feeling like he was winning for once. It was unusual, to say the least, to see Sherlock this squirmingly uncomfortable. He decided to step it up a notch.
John glanced up quickly and saw that is was a small group of men, in their twenties, approaching. Drunk, rowdy, denim jackets and combat boots, beer bottles in their hands.
John gasped, let out a single puff of soundless laughter. ”I wouldn’t expect you to be anything less than brilliant.”
He sees John processing the implication of his reply, lots of different reactions manifesting ever so briefly in his facial expressions, and then, John turns his head away but not before Sherlock can notice a shadow of a smile lingering at the corners of his mouth.
”No, what! I really don’t get it. Are you really saying..?”
Sally sighs, looks at the Commander who appears mildly annoyed but shrugs. ”Get the hell on with it,” he says.
”Yes, thanks dad, I’ll keep it in mind.”
”Why? Why do we do that?”
However, he couldn't really call him, since that would surely set Mary off on a new rant. But, he figured, he could at least send a quick text.
”That was... I thought it was because-” He looked lost, John thought, lost and young. ”But it was for me?”
”John,” Sherlock murmurs into his ear, voice low; the moist air and warmth sending a spike of arousal down his spine. ”What do you think about South Downs?”
”No,” he said. ”No, Sherlock, it had nothing to do with-” He stopped himself, thinking that what he was saying wasn’t true, and that Sherlock would obviously see that. He tried again.
John kept working his tongue up and down Sherlock's shaft, but smiled internally at the reaction.
”I know I was,” he couldn’t resist to mumble.
But no, he decided, there was too much specific sensory information for this to be a product of the mind, and he could taste the wine on John’s tongue, and he could feel the edge of the counter on the back of his thighs, as John pressed his upper body against his.
“That won't be necessary, madam,” he said to the woman. “I'm Detective Inspector Lestrade, from the New Scotland Yard.”
- it’s so far fetched it doesn’t even cross John’s mind. That’s why it’s easy for him to joke about. Sherlock tries to swallow down the humiliation he knows John didn’t intend to make him feel.
On their crazed walk to from the kitchen to the bedroom, Sherlock had managed to untuck John’s shirt as well, and now he had both his hands underneath it, feeling John’s hot skin under his hands.
John throws his head back into the pillow; squeezes his eyes shut, as if in pain. ”
Unceremoniously, Mycroft dropped a thin, brown envelope on the table in front of John. He immediately recognized the hospital logo, thought that it most likely was Sherlock’s medical records. John looked up at him.
John reached out, placed his hands on Sherlock’s upper arms. Slowly, he let them trace down, marveled at the feeling of soft skin and hard muscles. He stroked back up again, squeezed his shoulders, then moved over Sherlock’s flanks. Sherlock was standing still, with his head slightly leaned back. He was breathing faster now, and John noticed his chest moving with every breath.
Caroline misses a beat before she replies, Sherlock hears a held back hesitation in her voice.
He thought again about what Mike had said, and decided to go along that line.
As the train of worrying
”John,” she says, her voice lowered. ”There’s something I want to just mention. And you don’t have to answer right now - just think about it for a while, alright?”
, thought that it was a ridiculous euphemism, used by people who were too uptight to admit they liked to fuck. But right now, he thought that perhaps he needed to revise that opinion.
Oh, John. If only he had gotten there just a few hours earlier. Fuck.
John was unsure of what to do next. Despite what Sherlock had said, he still had a nagging fear that this was going too fast. But standing there with Sherlock, who was already half naked in front of him, he just didn’t have it in himself to stop now. He put his hands on Sherlock’s hips, squeezed the sharp hipbones, heard himself making some sort of sound.
”Sherlock-” Sally says, almost pleading. ”Sherlock, listen, he’s right, you have no experience with this kind of-”
Mycroft had made his strong opinion on the matter known, as well. When they'd first gotten together again, Mycroft had been suspiciously absent. But all good things must come to an end, and one tired Wednesday morning in October, after a grueling fifteen hour shift, the black car had been waiting for John at the hospital main entrance.
John let his mind drift to what it had been like, during those 18 months or so after Sherlock had died. He had never told anyone about this; not Mary, not his therapist, but he had been so very close to the end of his rope.
”The negotiator just pissed the guy off,” he says, turned to Sally. ”So now he’s hung up, refuses to pick up again.”
, he wondered. Who? Men or women? Or both? For his work or because he wanted to?
When their test results had gotten back clean, it had helped them both to relax more in bed. Since Sherlock also had a bit of a thing for cum play, it was nice to be able to do away with the condoms for blow jobs.
“Yes,” came the quiet reply. “For a long time. Up until you got married.” Sherlock met John's eye, and in his gaze, John could see all the things between them that had never been spoken.
The feeling of Sherlock’s hand, firmly stroking him, was madly good, but he got just as turned on by the thought that it actually was Sherlock doing this to him. With him. Sherlock! Sherlock was naked in bed with him, and he was holding John’s cock in that beautiful hand of his.
Had thought it better not to say anything at all, rather than to risk tangling himself up in a complicated web of unspoken expectations that would surely come back to bite him at some point.
John started to type, but stopped mid-way. Mycroft had been very clear in his request. Maybe Sherlock needed to rest, needed a break from the drama. John reluctantly put his phone away again. He would do the right thing and wait.
”Yeah you know what Sherlock, I kind of suspect you
“Consider it euthanasia,” John retorted, still smiling a bit. “I told you, its spine was snapped in two!”
He kept coming just a little bit too close into his personal space, ever so briefly, quickly withdrawing, but then it would happen again, and again. Highly unusual behavior for John, who normally was very observant of social boundaries.
He reached over the bed to grab his t-shirt from the floor. With gentle motions, he wiped Sherlock's body clean, and smiled when he discovered that Sherlock apparently had a ticklish spot around his belly button.
Without thinking, he reached out his right hand to touch Sherlock’s face, cupping his jaw and cheek. John could feel the tingle of Sherlock’s flushed skin against his palm, and the softness of his earlobe as his index fingertip skimmed the tip.
And with that, John's last piece of self restraint was squashed. Alongside the desire, he also felt his heart ache with love and affection for this man beneath him in the chair. For his best friend. For Sherlock.
What if he'd realized sooner? Before his wedding. Before the fall. That first night, at Angelo's... he'd felt it, and even though he was rarely attracted to men, that had been one of those times. Instant attraction, strong, intense. But Sherlock had shot him down and after that, well... perhaps he should have been more open for signs of a change of heart. He'd just never thought-
”Tell them you were in a drug-related fist fight, that should give you some leverage”, Sherlock had suggested, getting a flipped finger and a lackluster ”very funny” in return.
At this point, John had almost entirely quit thinking about the gay or straight thing. He wasn’t getting anywhere with those thoughts, really, and all he knew was that he wanted to be with Sherlock. Be with him in every sense of those words. And whatever that made him, he had decided to not waste more effort worrying about.
”Come,” Sherlock says, climbs over John to stand up. Takes his hand, tries to drag him up. ”Bed.”
”Oh god, oh god,” he mumbled to Sherlock’s lips, kissed him without pause as Sherlock kept stroking and palming him.
John has to stop himself from making a remark about how that’s how Harry’s spent the majority of practically all her evenings up until just a few years ago.
didn’t want to leave. But Mary felt it was necessary and given everything that has happened and, yes. Fine. I suppose she’s right, in a way. But just to be clear, Sherlock. Just to be one hundred percent clear: I didn’t fucking choose this. I didn’t fucking choose this life but I have
”You know you can bring over anything you like, right?” Gabriel had said to him the other night. ”Your microscope, and maybe the skull?”
”So, eh, is that what this is about, then? Exploring your sexuality?” He tried to sound neutral, looked down into the crumpled sheets, braced himself for the answer.
“Because you see,” John half whispered, “I really don't like to do things that only I benefit from,” and Sherlock suddenly understood why this entire business had been dragged out for so long. Beautiful John, thinking that this would somehow be a sacrifice on Sherlock's part-
“You liked my hand touching you, don't deny it. You liked me smacking your thigh, making that fine skin sting a little...”
John cuts him off, unconcealed anger in his voice. ”-twisting the data to suit your theories and not the other way around, yes, thank you very much, I know. But I
”Finally, he invited me down to his father’s place at Donnithorpe, in Norfork; asked me to stay for a month during summer vacation. His father, Mr Trevor, was quite well off, and the house was grand - a wide-spread, oak-beamed brick building, with wild duck-shooting and fishing on the estate, as well as a beautiful old library inherited from the previous owner. No trouble passing the time, there.”
********************
She laughed, a kind laugh and John tried to look relaxed when he smiled back. Before he could reply, she continued:
”But you know, John - when he’d calmed down again, he was also the first one to suggest to me that I could do this for a living. Still remember his words: ’All the detectives would be children in your hands...”
”Do you think it’s EASY being Sherlock Holmes, huh, John! Don’t you think he deserves a break from himself just once in a bloody while! And
Sherlock was not paying much attention to the stream of words coming from the man beside him; it was something about Edward Walker getting fired from his job at an investment bank and having served time in jail for embezzlement. Instead, he was busying himself with the task of meticulously going through, once again, the sequence of events with John at the bar.
”Oh dear god, you’ll be the end of me.”
”That was very kind of you. Although I must admit, I’ve never really cared too much for those. A bit too sweet for me, you know.” He smiled.
”Fuck, Sherlock, fuck!” John said, loudly, his mouth open and touching Sherlock’s mouth, and then John shifted in the bed and he had to focus not to lose his grip around their cocks.
And he was, he really was. Was so very proud of being the one who got to sit there with Sherlock, this brilliant, gorgeous man that got noticed wherever he’d go. John had always loved to show off his dates, the more beautiful the better, and he sincerely thought that he’d never before been out with anyone as striking as Sherlock.
”Right then,” he says. He opens the tap, lets the water run until it’s cold, while studying the contents of the sink. Picks up a mug, the underside sticks momentarily to the stainless steel. He moves to get the kettle, fills it, waits for the water to boil. The mugs feel like a sanitary hazard even after he’s washed them, so he uses some of the hot water to give them a final rinse. Finds the tea bags in the same place as they’ve always been, doesn’t even bother to look for milk as he’s very certain there won’t be any. Adds an unspeakable amount of sugar in Sherlock’s tea, then carries the mugs out to the sitting room - God, he could do this in his sleep. Knows this place by heart.
John’s gaze lingers on Sherlock’s mouth, on those parted, swollen lips, and a mental image pops up in John’s head. It’s a vivid memory of what it had looked like, on a night not too long ago, when Sherlock had sucked him off and then encouraged him to come over his open mouth, over his waiting, obscenely stretched out tongue, his eyes locked in contact with John’s.
”I think it is.” He gets up from his chair, hopes that John will say something but he doesn’t even seem to notice.
”Well, at the rate Rosie’s going, I’m afraid she’ll fill her lifetime quota of texts to her old man before the week is over.”
John leans down, mumbles into Sherlock’s hair. ”Thank you. I’m glad you wanted to tell me.”
- he refused to think of him as Sherlock’s…whatever - certainly knew how to make room for himself. He seemed to command everyone’s attention in a most obnoxious way, and both Mary and Charlotte were annoyingly friendly towards him.
”Lube?”
”It would have changed everything.”
In the frustrating astuteness of hindsight, he knew.
Maybe he didn’t want to be with Sherlock like that, anymore. Maybe he, too, would eventually try to turn Sherlock into some bland vanilla version of himself. Who knew, perhaps he would come home one day and line up a job offer and adoption papers and bloody hell. Maybe no one could stand sharing their life with someone like Sherlock.
”Ha!” John says. ”Yeah, that night was pretty bad, too. But I was thinking about the time we got locked inside the cold storage room in Soho. Still glad I didn’t lose my toes.”
Sherlock grabs a police blanket from the nearest car, spreads it out on the ground just in front the entrance and sits down on it, crossed-legged. John thinks that his legs would break if he tried that now. Sherlock has kept a burger for himself - the one without onions, John smiles when he notices. Trust Sherlock to be picky with his food even in situations like this.
scowl, his bathroom kit dug out from the suitcase and pinned under one arm. “Sherlock, it’s been an exhausting day. We’ve both had a rough shock. You need
Sherrin nods, turning distractedly back to his desk. Sherlock glimpses his notebook open, the page covered in a half-finished formula.
John gasped as Sherlock shifted his hold on him. For a terrifying instant he felt himself sliding, all his fears confirmed, but with a pop of magic, a magnetic tug shored them back together.
Mycroft rolls his eyes and Sherlock feels instantly more at ease with their customary dynamic. If they can toss stones at one another, they’re okay.
The whole time you knew. Why didn’t you tell us?”
"We'd be happy to," John says warmly, his arm snaking around Sherlock's back to give him a brief, possessive squeeze.
Sherlock feels himself blush, but the quills don’t rise to protect. He finds he actually wants Sherrin to know. It would be such a relief, to share what had been possibly the best thing to ever happen to him,
I let you sleep the night without a proper Expunge.”
“Tea, obviously, and... pastry?”
Sherlock, how could someone like you, who can tell the difference between every fountain pen manufactured since 1910 by its
But John just continues to marvel at him, incredulous.
“No,” John admitted with a grin. “I’ll have to work on that.”
Thanks, as usual, for everyone's patience on this next installment, and huge thanks to my beta shirleycarlton for inexhaustible fine-tuning!
Before Sherlock could utter a proper thanks, the bottom fell out from under him as he and John were flung bodily into the air, high over the bridge. Sherlock gasped, certain they'd be dashed against the road, but their fall was suddenly slowed as he felt a gust of warm, cinnamon-scented wind catch him in its current, settling them onto the cobbles of the bridge as gently as two falling leaves.
Sherlock can just make out the doctor’s words as she talks to his parents in the hall.
my job, you know.” Greg holds up his hands in surrender. “See, the paramedics say when they got there, Magnusson was out cold on the floor, holding a gun, same one that shot Sherlock.”
be awake.”
Lestrade’s eyes prickled with weariness as he returned to the question that had been buzzing maddeningly in his brain.
Sherlock blinks rapidly, the data firing at him from every angle of the man’s body before he can even stop himself.
“Take a deep breath, John. Twice you’ve been prevented from facing these memories. We do this together now, as we should have from the start.”
“Bit of a leap. You do really have a doctor’s hands, though. And I’m sure your therapist has reams on why your PTSD is preventing you from returning to your chosen field.”
John’s sense of awe and horror began to ebb as he worked in Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen. She flicked her fingers at a phonograph that began playing a bouncy tune good to dance to, and sashayed out of her pantry sipping a honey-colored liqueur from a tiny, fluted glass. She sliced a knobby root with a silver knife into the savory broth simmering on the range, then consulted a chart on the phases of the moon before adding three pinches of something peppery that made Lune sneeze.
“Sherlock,” he asks gently several minutes later, staring at a few sentences on the screen. “Are we still under surveillance?”
him.” John spits bitterly. He pushes back to his feet, voice pitching high, hands balled into fists. “You lied to me, every last thing.” He shakes his head slowly. “Who does this? Marries a man for
Sherlock goggles at him, rooted to the spot. Sherrin kicks at the turf, avoiding his eyes.
“No, it’s just – it surprised me, hearing it like that. No one has called me that since Sherrin died.”
For a moment, Lyra does nothing but sniff, inspecting her new confines with great interest. Then, with a squeal from his daughter, the rat speeds off, taking each turning with complete confidence and accuracy.
moments,
“Yes.”
“Really, John, I haven’t deleted
“Don’t pity me,” Sherlock said wearily.
Inside, he finds documents stating that a rather large sum of money has been set aside for him in a trust, to mature on his 18th birthday.
“You’re mad!” John shouted, still clinging despite the magical tug he felt between them. “How are you doing that? Will it hold?”
He hears scrabbling over the baby monitor, a muffled “John?” as if Sherlock has just woken.
let me
“Oh come off it, Billy, you’re fifteen, you should be raging with hormones by now, can’t possibly be having wet dreams about the Trapezoidal Rule or the goddamn Goldman Equation.”
Sherlock pulls away from him and reaches up for the rope. John immediately misses his warmth. Even though he sees the logic, the very idea of being left in the well alone again horrifies him, but he just bites his lip and nods, aware that Sherlock is only inches away watching him very closely. He puts a hand around John’s.
Within an hour, Sherlock has configured his computer and established his own email account, starting a long string of correspondence with Victor that, while lacking tactile stimulation, rapidly develops the creativity of his erotic vocabulary.
“No… I couldn’t make any sense of all the little parts. Sounded crazy, worse than amnesia.”
A grin blooms on John’s face.
“No. Not conclusively. But the odds are quite good, thus we need to plan for this… contingency.”
“Sherlock, you’re a free man. You can do anything you want. I respect your reasons for bowing out. I’ll figure it out from here. Thank you. For all your help. I’ll pack up the rats and have them out of your space in the morning. Dice those a bit smaller, would you?”
Sherlock bites his lips, taps his fingers on the workbench with agitation tinged with excitement.
“Well,
“You’re all nerves. This is
Sherrinford, seeing the flash of melancholy, softens.
Sherlock squinted at the aviary. “At least three species of swallow. Primarily
“Lestrade made an inaccurate inference, John!” he crows. “It’s unbecoming in a detective! How am I to train him to function independently if I don’t point out his errors?”
The small, plain foyer had nothing fantastic about it, just an umbrella stand, a few doorways, and a stairwell to the upper floor. The door behind their scowling host was slightly ajar and shadowy. The air smelled like baked bread, lavender, and something astringent he couldn’t name.
“Feels amazing.”
The fear that had bubbled up in his chest quickly quiets. “One night. Say… say you’re my husband. So they don’t make you go,” John mumbles.
John fed a few more sticks into the little fire and drained the flask of its muddy water, his eyes wandering to Sherlock’s pale face, youthful in sleep. His bare throat was just visible behind the leaves.
“Not really. I was lightly asleep. When I heard you playing, I wanted to check on Rosie, too. But you had it covered. So… I just enjoyed the show.”
John grinned.
“All of them.”
Baffled and put-out, their security giant bolts down the hall, his gun still drawn. John hears him curse and begin talking rapidly into his watch-phone.
A voice like the deepest note on a cello hummed inside Sherlock’s mind.
“Where is she taking us?” Sherlock breathed, marveling at the glowing feline who had apparently, until that moment, been sleeping in the flame of the lantern.
Sherlock tucks John back into bed.
John purses his lips and nods, grinning humorlessly.
“Mm. Where do you study?”
The troll grinned broadly. “Oh, I’d like tha’, I really would.”
But Jonas, kind and quiet Jonas, had fallen limp to the floor. The class had been stunned into silence. As two nuns quickly carried him away, Johnny’s insides had frozen with horror. Jonas hadn’t come back.
. There are so many halfbloods who need protection, runaways and orphans always evading capture. We haven keepers are part of a vast underground network of support for them.”
“Why did they leave? Couldn’t they have stayed here, in the safety of the forest?”
“Everyone is so…
Mycroft frowns ruefully. “Yes.”
“Oh. Well, you are, um, very big. To people.” John gave a giddy, delirious little chuckle. “By the
“Know why. Doesn’t matter who.”
but the sky was above these trees, but somehow a whole building was
“My future, if you please,” John said too-loudly into the tense silence, but the hooded figure made no sign of having heard him. John was in no mood for circus theatrics – this was no
you did that, but if you’re going to toss my name about, at least have the decency to tell me yours.”
“Forget everything I said, Billy. You keep reading whatever you want on your summers.”
Mary,
“Yes. Every day,” John sighs, tugging him in the direction of a sushi place they’d wanted to try. “Come on, let’s go be those obnoxious parents who go on dates just to talk about the children.”
“It’s brilliant.” He nods over at the shelf. “The little acorn-squash is very lucky to have you as its father-historian.”
“Fine,” huffed the pale, willowy Private, his freckles beginning to burn in the afternoon sun. “But you owe me a pint for this.”
John’s chest squeezes very tightly, lips pulling into a thin line.
Sherlock did feel groggy, but it was a healthy weariness, the sort that one earns from hard work.
Through his eyelids, John saw flashes of purple. He peered tearfully into the roaring wind and saw that same purplish energy crackling around them – but stranger still, John saw below them not the deadly rush of solid ground, but rapid images. A glimpse of a river – a greenish swimming pool – the old farm’s pond – the surging ocean – until a broad, grey-green river lay beneath them and did not vanish.
“The last happened a few days ago, on the new moon. A famous aerialist from the London Circus, known for never using nets. Of course, with her subtle magic she hadn’t needed them. She fell in a terrible spectacle during a performance. They found heavy iron weights around her wrists and ankles.”
He hadn’t brought the violin.
“Need to land,” Sherlock cried, barely managing to stay conscious as they half-flew, half-fell toward a forest. John squeezed his eyes shut and held on. With a fierce slapping of branches and leaves, the pair hurtled through the overstory and crashed into the underbrush, finally tumbling to a stop in thick leaf duff.
. But John feels… warm.
names for the Five Skills? You referred to them by their proper names, before.”
“It’s alright, Molly. I’m fine. And I know it all now. Not sure how much you knew…”
His wife.
it. I knew things had been dodgy with you two for weeks. Sherlock wasn’t returning my texts. Tried coming ‘round and a bloody giant said you weren’t at home. Jesus... you must’ve still been out of it, then.”
“Sherlock, the front door’s been bolted and no one but me’s come in or out for
She moues her lips in a pout.
~ o ~
“You are a very bad man, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Be strong, John. No serviettes.”
Sherlock smirks, a victorious glint in his eye. “Are you sure wouldn’t like a try? It’s quite stimulating.”
John poured himself another cup of tea and plucked a slice of cold ham from the plate, then stood at the fire with his back to them. Sherlock’s frown deepened. It felt as if they were two opposing magnets, today. What had happened to their easy banter and budding warmth?
He pressed the flat of his palm back onto Sherlock’s chest and closed his eyes, focusing his magic on the intricate network of flooded alveoli in Sherlock’s lungs, drawing the fluid toward the surface of the skin with slow surges.
Sherlock fidgets with the edge of the blanket. Sucking in a gulp of air as if he’s about to dive deep under water, Sherlock finally meets his eyes.
“What about Eowyn?” John interrupts sleepily.
He returns to his search, feeling a bubble of excitement as he discovers an untouched footprint in the dust that matches the victim’s tread he’d seen in the photos this morning. He scowls – the victim’s shoe is angled in an unusually defensive position, more pressure on the outer edge showing a sharp turn, which unnerves him. He hunts for another, finds it.
Sherlock looked up at him blankly.
John relaxes against him, his breath gentle on the back of his neck.
“You’ll tell me if I mix any of this up with the nightmares, right?”
Sherrinford whoops, claps Sherlock on the shoulder, rapping his fist against his thick safety goggles with glee.
to John Watson for almost three years.
They browse through a few stores. Sherlock becomes bored, eased only by the exciting new development of public hand-holding, seeing when he can steal a kiss behind displays of T-shirts or postcards. And then he sees the stuffed dragons and races off, leaving John to his own browsing.
He’s in Sherlock’s
John groans, sleepily burrowing against Sherlock as he shivers, as much from cold as from the adrenaline of kissing. Suddenly, the weary pout sharpens into a very real fear. What if Euros anticipated this, has people waiting in the local hospital to spirit him away? The sirens grow louder, their pitch changing as they draw nearer.
“Why don’t you go get something from the vending machine,” she asks quietly, pushing a few pounds into his hand. “Get me something with chocolate and nuts while you’re at it.” She smiles at him, and he knows without any doubt that he is being sent on an errand to give her some time alone with her eldest son.
Sherlock’s fingertips freeze mid-tap.
“TD-10, TD-12. Better. Stronger.”
“Oh Christ,” John gasps, flat on his back, chest heaving. “Bloody good catch.” He locks eyes with Sherlock, hovering over him tense and terrified. “You can let go, now, I don’t think I’ll roll off.”
“Yes, hello Janine. He is expecting me.”
“Tell no one.”
She pressed the pads of her fingertips to the dry herbs, igniting them. A rich, astringent smoke rose from the bundle. John now recognized the sharp scent from her foyer.
Herself a Mundane, the young Queen’s reputation as a brilliant clockworks engineer was well-known. At her coronation, she astounded the crowd with a small army of modified clockwork men demonstrating their feats of speed, leaping onto balconies with spring-loaded legs and scaling buildings with silver claws, primitive compared to today’s Netters, but still impressive.
“They want induced
huddled around boilers, collectively generating the steam that powers all of London.”
. Hope you don’t mind hiking with a stiff neck tomorrow.”
He stares up at the starry sky with reverence, feeling as if he’s just been exhumed. After several moments of fussing over him, Sherlock’s voice breaks through the fog settling heavily in John’s mind.
“John I don’t want to alarm you, but I believe the water level has risen since I arrived in the well.” John practically barks out a laugh into his shoulder.
“Government paper signing, John. We’re already wed. And you
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Necropolis_Railway
John unlocks the door to 221B and finds several large parcels in the entryway. Mrs. Hudson bustles out of her flat.
Sherlock mutters curses into the bed sheet.
John said tensely, all of his humor cast off. “We nearly drowned in the filthy Thames last night. Let me have a look.”
“Good. Excellent, John, now listen. There’s a rope, we can climb out.”
keeper. The sooner I get you both properly casting glamors, the sooner you’ll be able to visit the shops on your own. Oh – I’ve got some cinnamon biscuits in the oven for tea, later. Haven’t had an excuse to bake in ages – the last group to stay here only ate mushrooms and marigold petals.”
“There, that’s better,” Sherlock determines. John agrees with the tiniest nod of his head, very aware of the damp heat coming from Sherlock’s fingers on his cheek that feel suddenly cold as he pulls back, blustering nervously, “I I should get a nurse, they won’t believe it, I-”
Sherlock looks down at his hands, tapping staccato on the wine glass, already empty again. When had that happened? John’s is as well. He fills their glasses, buying time.
“Ta, love.” John whispered against his rough cheek, “it’s perfect.”
“Jesus bloody Christ,” John gasps as relief floods through him. Sherlock drops beside him panting, but only rests a moment, springing up to untangle the rope from John’s limbs. It’s dark, but the rustling shapes around them tell John
Shuffling down the hall, he sees his assumptions confirmed. John is asleep next to the sofa, curled into a tight ball on the floor beside Melissa’s portable bassinet, fully dressed, sleeping fitfully. An empty baby bottle is on the floor near his feet.
John clings to his shirt-sling and watches with quiet admiration as Sherlock loosens a slip knot and unfurls the ropes, knotted and crossed to create a kind of harness. He deftly guides John into it, treading and dunking to get the right ropes under and around his legs, chest and arms.
Tossing in a few coppers, he noticed the boy’s case was filled with an array of gaudy anti-Faerie charms — acorns painted silver, pierced stones, pink-tinted spectacles – all claiming to ward off nefarious Faerie magic. A hand-painted sign advertised their prices. John added another coin and picked up a silver acorn, nodding his thanks to the boy who gave them a toothy grin and continued his warmup without missing a beat. John had to tug Sherlock away.
John stood shakily on his feet blinking in bright sunlight, Sherlock leaning into his side. The fire cat wove around their legs, purring audibly.
Dream shadows crowd his mind, chest clenching with a deep ache. John watches Sherlock hunched over the notebook. He’s pulled away from him.
Lestrade shuffles his feet, looking awkward.
Vines are growing through the mind palace windows. Red-petaled hibiscus sprawl open, crowding out Sherlock’s thoughts, silencing his deductions, giving him only the raw information of his senses: the precise slick, soft texture of their lips together; the fast rhythm of John’s heartbeat against his as their chests press; the sharp enamel click of tooth-on-tooth as they each surge ahead in the same instant, the resulting wince and chuckle into one another’s mouths. Sherlock is vaguely aware as damp cheeks press together that at least one of them is crying.
he told himself.
“It was that feeling in my gut. That something truly horrible had happened. I couldn’t shake that feeling. It got worse around Mary. Much worse. I mean… things with us had been tense. We’d had a terrific row the day I went to your flat, when you were preparing to go to Magnussons’. You deduced it the moment I walked through the door.”
John swallows hard. “You’ve thought this quite through.”
beds.”
“Doesn’t look much like a Willy.”
“Believe me, Greg, if anything comes back, you’ll be the first to know.”
((meaningful look))
Sherlock took a deep breath to steady his nerves.
Sherlock was dead. His things needed sorting. And John had settled into all of the mundane tasks that must be done even during crushing grief. He’d been doing okay, boxing up most of the sitting room without thinking too much, but as he’d opened a dresser drawer, he’d been overwhelmed by a sudden heady whiff of
at it,” Sherlock said, resolute and bleary.
along a knife’s edge like you’re bloody
He scrunched up his face in disgust. “She surgically combines them with machines. Replaces whole limbs and organs with clockwork.”
So why on earth are we in Cumbria?”
“Sorry?” Sherlock frowns, pulling away to look at him.
“They were all... nightmares?” John squirms at the feverish ache in all of his limbs, head spinning.
Sherlock’s phone buzzes and he fishes it awkwardly from his pocket, snapping it to his ear irritably. John can just make out Mycroft’s worried voice.
Subject: Hey
Their mouths pull together magnetically, all the years’ repressed longing spilling out into hard, crushing kisses. As John tucks his legs around his waist and their tender skin presses together, Sherlock feels like a key finally settling into its lock.
“I don’t want us to conform to any antiquated marital standard we don’t find meaning in, John. We’re clear on that. I have no love for a band of metal worn on the hand to encapsulate our connection. They get in the way, get lost, make my fingers itch. But. I have been thinking, it would be…
John giggles, wiping his eyes.
They walk past his bicycle and out into the night. It’s cool, with a fresh wind that ruffles his hair. Sherlock spreads his arms out so the wind can buffet his coat like a dark flag.
John rolls over to face him, their noses lightly touching, and whispers coyly, “Oh, I remember being spirited off to Northern Wales on a case one weekend. I remember how excited you were to drag me up that god-forsaken ridge. You were so absorbed looking for clues that you almost didn’t notice when I very nearly toppled off to join the victim.”
Sherlock blushes and ducks his eyes. “I don’t know why I try to hide anything from you.” He hands John his phone. “I didn’t hear from you since last night. I… may have jumped to conclusions.”
John was on his feet, pulling his stool directly across from the halfblood as if preparing for a wellness exam. John leaned close to inspect the cuff and paused, his fingertips poised above the metal.
The air is cold on his skin and he shivers violently, but he’s quickly wrapped in something heavy and warm. It’s surprisingly silky against his skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
like to know.”
“Dear lord, not Mycroft.”
His hands slide across algae-slick stone – an instinctive revulsion surges him upward, only to stumble and pitch forward into the shallow pool. Something is tugging at his leg, holding him back. For a brief moment, every horror movie fear skitters through his mind.
For the last baffled moments of their fall, John smelled the stink of a sewer on the suddenly-warmer wind, clung hard to Sherlock, and sucked in a gulp of air.
“I had a connection at the Collective. A researcher close to Sherrin’s work, but higher up. Thanks to her, I was able to discern the level of their surveillance and monitor a great deal of your employer’s activity. I even tried to warn Sherrin with her help, but I was too late.” He suddenly looks away, scowling and biting his lip. Sherlock realizes he’s close to tears.
business. Here,” he pushes the money at the man. With a quick re-count, he nods at Sherlock, but seems reluctant to leave.
Eyes burning, he flops onto his unmade bed and curls into a ball, staring at the wall, tears sliding down his cheeks.
not dying of pneumonia, his magic is quite stunning. I’m a halfblood as well.” He felt himself deflate. “At least, Sherlock and William think so. I’m not
She gives him a coy smile.
John grips Sherlock’s arms tightly, his own breathing ragged. Sherlock can’t read his face. After several long moments, he begins to wonder if John is actually still asleep when suddenly he rolls over, their faces a few inches apart.
No response. He fumbles with the small lamp on the bedside table, squinting painfully at the sudden light, but finds John still asleep. While Sherlock watches, John’s face contorts – brow deeply furrowed, eyelids pinched tight and fluttering with REM sleep. He suddenly rolls onto his face and gives a long, strangled cry, his whole body shaking.
“Of course. No time to stop at the morgue beforehand. Meredith’s sent me photos of the body to review.
“Oh, course – just through there and up the stairs. They’re in his office.”
Sherlock’s names for the Five Skills were glaringly old-fashioned. John glanced at the mural again. It gave him an idea.
“Where is she now, Sherlock?” he asks in a hoarse whisper. “Are we in danger?”
He guessed John was downstairs with the haven-keeper. Lune had told him much about Mrs. Hudson. Her own mental fingerprint was extremely elusive, which wasn’t a surprise. A powerful halfblood such as herself would know how to shield around a wild
For as long as John had lived at Baker Street, there had been nightmares. One such night, feeling helpless and trying to block out the sounds of John fighting his demons, he’d picked up his violin and begun to play. Remarkably, John had quieted quickly. After that, whenever he heard the telltale sounds of John reliving some horror in his sleep, he’d played, and John had calmed.
“I lived in that region until I was eleven.”
“Hey, I’ve got to clean up the food. I’ll bring you some, stuff I made, so you’ll know it’s safe, okay?”
Sherlock watched as John caught sight of her bright yellow raincoat sprinting from the woods and ran out to intercept her. Boots in one hand, explosive plant in the other, Sherlock followed slowly, taking in the sight of John swinging their daughter around and around in the fading dusk, then gathering her up tight and crying in mock-dismay as he, too, was covered in pond muck.
“Pardon?”
When nothing appeared in his hand, Lestrade turned toward the messenger boy, glowering. Here was another puffy-face recruit barely past puberty, his severe crewcut showing the tan lines of a summer laboring on the family farm before coming of age and high-tailing it to join the Queen’s Men. The Wall Division would be a brief stop for him, like so many others before, eager to line up for the glory of Netter assimilation. The boy shrank back from Lestrade.
He holds out his hands to take in Sherlock, the flat, their discarded dinner, the piles of books and oddments on the shelves.
"John?
“You’ve almost died
John sighed. He’d hoped all his life to meet a true halfblood, and here they were, uprooted, pursued, but
“You need to see this,” Sherlock rumbles, frog-marching him back into the tiny bathroom, pivoting John to see his own back in the mirror and indicating the injury with a gentle touch of his fingertip.
“I knew her. I did not expect her, here. It is the greatest error in judgement I have ever made and one I do not expect you to forgive me for.”
John shrugged. “Place I used to go as a kid.”
“Ah. I’d noticed you’d been reading up on bees. Didn’t realize you were such an aficionado.”
“Watson-Holmes.”
him as holding him together as he crumbled. When the shuddering sobs had quieted, they had parted. Sherlock had fled to fetch him toilet paper for his nose, and John had scuttled into the kitchen to put on tea. A week later, he and Rosie were settled in the upstairs room.
“Not a word!” Kinsey wagged his finger in John’s face.
John was unnerved to see genuine surprise on the old woman’s face. “Well, yea, quite a few times. No idea why. Could be something about his wild magic.”
“Your innocence, reported just before you returned–”
He’s wondering how soon he could start reading the Hobbit to Rosie when his foot very suddenly slides out from under him. His arms fly out, cartwheeling instinctively to catch his balance – and feels strong hands grab his waist, an iron grip pulling him down, crushing him to the ground.
bridge troll.”
“Obvious. She had a mark on her temple, I saw it as soon as I entered the room. I know how hard you hit in your sleep, John. It gave you time to call out, wake me upstairs. You must have thought you’d hit me, at first. That must have been awful.” He gently strokes John’s back, and John takes a moment to marvel at this, the two of them working through a horror together, for once not driven apart to suffer separately.
“Oh. Right. Well, it would be easier to show you what happened than try to explain it in words,” John hemmed, hesitantly brushing his hair from his temple. “Do you think it would work in a dream?”
John’s tightly-contained panic could propel him out of the well if his numb hands could only grip the rope. Shaking like a poplar leaf, the cold in his body is a dull throb.
“I’ve been reading you Tolkien, John,” Sherlock says offhandedly as he unlocks the door, admitting a plain-clothes security guard looking too large for the stairwell and carrying plastic sacs emitting delicious smells. “And as it happens, our chief protector, Geoffrey, shares a passion for the Silmarillion. He has demonstrated excellent recall of highly arcane knowledge. Better than any passcode, highly incorruptible.”
“Of course. I’ll find it for you when we’re back home.”
John looked out for their guide, finding the fire cat perched atop a lamp post and fastidiously cleaning her paws. She leaped onward the moment they caught up with her.
From: wssh1875@iol.com
Sherlock sits at the center of concentric rings of paper, barefoot in soft pajamas and the indigo-blue dressing gown John gave him three birthdays ago. Eyes skipping between the pages, fingers tented before his lips, a pattern begins to form in his mind’s eye, a half-notion –
Sherlock startles awake in total darkness. Unfamiliar smells. Someone crying out. Pain in his back.
“We’ve seen what she does to operatives.”
He can picture him mentally constructing a hundred potential rescue operations in an instant, irritably brushing his hand aside to scatter them, letting only the most plausible one remain.
“Told you,
“I can only
He frowned.
Sherlock nodded, his curiosity aflame. In what was becoming a comfortable gesture between them, John pressed Sherlock’s fingertips back to his temple. A steady flood of scenes and notions blossomed in his mind’s eye: his own pale and feverish body unconscious beneath John’s capable healer’s hands, Mrs. Hudson assisting with calm confidence; her travel diaries coming to life in John’s mind; the scent of pine and fresh wind in a sunny glade that was, impossibly, all around them…
John snickers. “Molly sent a picture. I didn’t want to show you before, afraid it might spoil your mojo, but since we’re nearly home anyway, take a look at this.”
His own
All the time. It’s the magpies, Billy. Do not trust them. They’re going to... Going to…” Sherrin pushes away from Sherlock with a frustrated growl.
Again, he does not disagree.
John scratched the back of his neck self-consciously. The phenomena of their shared dream still awed him. “Yea. I guess it did break my heart. Sounds stupid, but I always felt like I got taken away from real magic. All those stone circles, maybe. Who knows why kids think what they do.” He sighed again. “My dad and I used to tramp around Whinlatter Forest–”
“He’d be so proud of you, of us, you know.”
“What soup?”
Sherlock awoke in the great troll bed. His leaden, syrupy sleepiness immediately dissolved as he realized his forehead was pressed against John’s.
He dives into his kit and returns quickly, dabbing at the wound with surgical cotton and alcohol. Sherlock flares his nostrils and turns away, not wanting to answer. John doesn’t push the issue. He’s grateful.
“Sod this. Let’s go for a walk.”
John patted his coat pockets, feeling the familiar shape of his fire kit. He shook his head, grinning. “Okay, well done, but the answer is no. A fire’s a bad idea. It’s just too risky in your state. If your shield pops, a fire would attract all kinds of unwanted attention.”
John thought tentatively.
They hurt us, but they never get to win. Do you know why?”
magic had wrapped around his legs.
John huffed through a wave of nerves. “Okay. Damnit.
. It simplifies things greatly. To stop her, we need only remove the
“Greg, when I was in Afghanistan I saw some truly grisly things happen to people I cared about. I never had shock amnesia. I’ve seen Sherlock plummet off this bloody rooftop and I remember
”Try me. Just you fucking dare to try me, John.”
”She hasn’t been up here for some time now. Not since she had her hip replacement, I think, last year. Difficult with the stairs.”
John’s face has changed now, from anger to something more difficult to read. It’s his soldier face - neutral, unwavering. He’s standing in front of Sherlock, back stick straight, intently waiting.
He gave Sherlock’s hand a squeeze, then let it go.
”Yes, I remember that, too,” John says, his voice smiling.
. He sighs, it comes out shakily.
John felt the knot in his stomach twist even tighter.
At least that was what he repeatedly had tried to tell himself, sitting in the sofa in front of some dumb TV-show at night, in the house that was his home now although it didn’t feel like it.
John took two steps towards the bedroom door, opened it.
After a while, John gave Sherlock a hard push to make them both lose balance, and Sherlock laughed when they rather clumsily hit the mattress.
”Sherlock,” John says. ”Hey. Look at me.”
Sherlock had been sitting so still in his chair, almost frozen except for his slightly swaying hips, but now, he moved to put his hands on John's shoulders.
John smiles, shakes his head. ”No, Sherlock. No, they couldn’t. What you did, is that you figured out what he needed. You listened, really listened. And you showed him respect, and decency, and.. and empathy, Sherlock. And you shared stuff about yourself, in front of all these strangers, things even I didn’t know about and- that can’t have been easy. But you did it because you-”
to text you! Enjoy it while it lasts. My girls are 20 and 22 and you wouldn’t believe the struggle it was, getting them to tell me their whereabouts the last few years they were living at home.” She puts her cup down. ”They’re clinging for dear life to their phones every hour of the day, but somehow, letting their poor parents know they’re still alive proved to be an insurmountable task.”
“John, you really shouldn’t blame yourself. It was the right thing to do.” Greg’s voice felt distant, even thought they were sitting only feet apart.
”John, I’ve been meaning to ask, but by the time you get home I’m so tired and then I just forget. I’m sorry I’m not really being a good wife these days. But have you talked to Sherlock recently?”
He grabbed Sherlock’s hips in the same way but harder, and oh god oh god, Sherlock noticed himself starting to sway his hips in John’s hands. So far, only their upper bodies had been touching, but now, John let his lower body lean into Sherlock as well.
, oh fuck, I’m close-”
*******************
’Us’ but not as in Sherlock and John, wow, that two letter word hit John right in the gut, even though he knew it was just how things currently were. He sat down on the edge of the bed, deliberately releasing his shoulders, silently exhaling, trying his best to reach across to Sherlock.
It was the first time Sherlock had ever asked him about his decision to quit his job, almost a year ago. He thought about it for a little while.
“Where is he now?”
”It was first hypothesised in 1845, by a parish priest in Poland. Johannes Dzierson. He came to this understanding purely by observation. Was met with tremendous scepticism. But science eventually proved him right.” Sherlock steeples his fingers, seems for a moment to be lost in his thoughts.
“Is that so?” Sherlock said. He wished he could have continued the conversation in Japanese, since he knew how his proficiency in foreign languages always impressed John, but realized that that would be an unlikely skill for a Yarder. A shame, really.
Somehow they ended up in bed, again. And somehow they managed to spend the better part of the Saturday there, too, with variations of the same kind of activities they had been up to before, but most of the time just lying tangled up in each other, talking.
It was great beyond belief to be back. Back to his flat, back to his life, back to himself.
Up until this point, John had assumed that whoever he was, this stranger in Sherlock’s - and John’s! - flat, was just an aberration, someone who would leave after this and never come back, someone Sherlock had picked up that night (
”Ah,” he said. ”Does anyone know what sperm is?”
Her voice trickled off.
”Don’t think you have to get up on the barricades for my sake, John. I rarely find it’s worth the while, myself.”
“Because I will go. Mary, I'm sorry, but I just feel this – us, this marriage – it's just too damaged to be saved. I'm truly sorry for hurting you.”
For a moment, he lies absolutely still. Doesn’t even dare to breathe. Can’t gather the courage to open his eyes to look at Sherlock, either.
”No. NO! What the HELL are YOU DOING! What did you give him? What did you take??”
His delivery man gives him a challenging stare.
“There doesn’t
halfbloods.
John felt a wave of calm, sad certainty. Perhaps this had been his purpose all along, to ward off Sherlock’s pursuit. He could tell them a story about having gotten captured and dumped here, the halfblood long-gone. They’d be hard-pressed to find Sherlock if his shield held. It wouldn’t be easy for the weak man to get himself to safety, and he’d probably think John had abandoned him, but at least he’d have a chance. John thought vividly of another who had made such a sacrifice for
He ran through a tune he’d been hearing the bands play lately, jaunty and good to dance to.
“Getting anything?” Mycroft asks. Sherlock shakes his head. He almost wishes he were a stress eater; his stomach is all acid and knots. Mycroft scoops up the candy, handing one to Sherlock. “Before you bring that back to Mum, step outside with me a moment.”
The door is shaking. Funny, that. Wonder why? With a sharp crack, the metal of the sliding bolt snaps and the bathroom door slams open, John hurtling through.
“Ready yet, Dada? Ready? Look, I’ve got my safety goggles on, and my laboratory gloves. And I know not to squeeze the rats, I do, I’ll be so gentle – could I please place them into the maze when it’s time? Please? And could I please give them their reward when they’re through? The peach muffins Hudders made?”
if you’re terribly concerned about it, my headache has dropped to a three and I’m ravenous. Will Mycroft’s goons out there permit some takeout be brought to the flat?”
And then there are the sounds that only come from banks of monitors in the ICU. And the irritating pinch of the IV in his wrist and bloody hell. This isn’t his nightshift. He’s in recovery.
But where was John? He cast about with his mind and, despite John’s valiant attempts to seal himself in, Sherlock felt the distinct signature of the man’s emotions from not too far off: content, but with a tinge of sorrow.
“Trained?” Sherlock scowled at him.“Never, ridiculous.”
Tight-lipped, he channels his frustration toward the chain, kicking his leg hard, testing the strength of the rusty metal. He bites back a grunt as the length painfully chokes his kick mid-swing. He kicks again, then again, splashing water violently, hoping to loosen the bolts.
The numbness is receding and he’s twisting around frantically, crawling over to where Sherlock has sprawled on the slick white marble floor. He’s calling to Janine, frantic, yelling at her to call an ambulance, finds himself in his shirtsleeves with his jumper bundled against Sherlock’s chest, soaking up red, holding pressure to the wound.
“Yes, obviously.
was one of the rarest of the Five Blessed Magics. It might explain Kinsey’s shock.
Perhaps
Sherlock scrubs at his face.
. Don’t be a total berk, why
.” He snorted a bubble of laughter. “And I think you’re wrapped up in one of his
This one’s a flyer, got a military hostage. Tracking east by northeast. We’ve got a coptor steaming up now for your pursuit. Bring your usual team to rendezvous with the Netters already dispatched.”
Sherlock smiled hesitantly at her unexpectedly warm welcome. Though the memory was a feverish jumble, he recalled that she had been considerably less pleased to see them when they’d arrived, and had seemed many years older.
“Fine, I’ll see to it.” He squinted at the boy. “What’s your magical acumen, lad?”
“I had some help. Couldn’t have done it without your mad science.”
“There must be a pheromone released near the skull to increase bonding and induce a soporific effect on the parent,” he muses sleepily. “I’ll look into it once we have reception again.”
“Egg salad for lunch, purchased from a street vendor,” Sherlock says decisively, pulling away with a quick nip on the earlobe that makes John’s breath hiss. “Birthday for one of the nurses… likely Conrad who would be the only one to want a pistachio-frosted cake. You didn’t eat your piece, but brought it home for me. Millie was out, old Dr. Brecht took her place by the way his cologne lingers about your person. One wart frozen off. Five, no,
Still fully clothed, John flops next to Sherlock, pulls the blankets over them both, and burrows against his soft, warm skin.
“Oh.” Sherlock’s eyes quickly took in what remained of the large, peeling composition. He frowned. “Minimalist, rather simplistic color palette. People on a farm, waving their hands about.” He shrugged, wearily slumping back against the wall. “Boring.”
“Problem?”
bullet shattered the light. But you shot an instant before she did. The force of it pushed her back, directed the trajectory of her bullet upwards–”
“John, should I be delayed and the water rise, you can push these knots up the rope. Show me your hands aren’t too cold for this.” Though his hands are clumsy, John obediently nudges the knots upward. Sherlock nods approval. He then gently pulls Johns hands from the rope to cross his arms over his chest. “Let my shirt hold your weight. Keep your arms tight to your body, it will prevent loss of heat.” He looks right into John’s face, his words like steel. “I’m coming back for you.”
“For starters, she had inherited some unfinished business her father and I had been conducting. Long ago.”
To John’s horror, the tracker-wielding pair began following the Wall back the way he’d come, toward Sherlock sleeping in his dome. John didn’t know how strong the shield would be, but considering Sherlock’s weakness, he guessed it could fail if challenged. He’d be completely defenseless.
“Actually,” John says to his plate, “we’re, um, taking a bit of a breather.”
Sherlock’s pulse pounds in his neck from the surge of adrenaline, his relief, and the sudden physical closeness. John eases off of him, staying low to the ground on his haunches and bracing himself, one hand outstretched in case Sherlock should wobble.
Cool it, kiddo, I’ve been poorly. Don’t freak out. I’ve lost a few hours. Must’ve been careless when administering the last rounds. Morpheus died. I’m more broken up about it than I should be for a scientist.
Sherlock feels a thrill as he follows this new thread.
“This is because of the dressing-down Mrs. Hudson gave us, isn’t it?”
“She ingested a serum containing an element that, with a very sensitive satellite filter, can track her location. It is slowly being excreted. We don’t have many days left.”
“No pressure,” Sherlock snaps back, not meeting his eyes.
“I want to see where the bodies were found. All of them,” Sherlock said abruptly.
There will not be such a long wait as we head into the next phase of this story. Huge thanks, as always, to my excellent beta, shirleycarlton, and heaps of thanks to you patient, loyal readers for your support and thoughtful feedback. It means worlds.
Sherlock re-emerges in pajamas toweling off his hair – careful to don his shirt before leaving the bathroom - the scars on his back are dangerous territory. He’s momentarily bewildered to hear Rosie’s warbling chatter and finds John video-chatting with Mrs. Hudson.
“Right, so we’ve got one ma po bean curd, one fried pak choy in garlic sauce, one deep fried banana. With delivery, brings you to twenty-four pounds, even.”
“Visitor’s
“Why on earth should I?”
It is reassuring to know that though he
John nodded, twisting his own excitement into a scowl as he turned his attention to the problem at hand. The iron collar was seamless, masterfully made, rusty red in patches. The skin beneath it was rough, raw, and very human. It had been many months since he’d used the illegal elemental magic, but there was no question in his mind.
