happen to me here?” John says. “Crushed by Dumbo the Flying Elephant? Too many spins on the Mad Tea Party carousel?”
John knows exactly what to do: he needs to slowly lower his body in a different position so his hard-on won’t be noticeable. He crouches a bit and releases Sherlock’s thumb from his hot mouth with a pop. Sherlock breathes out heavily as John stretches his body next to him again and decides the next lesson is
John swallows hard. “They’d wired your room. But not… not the balcony. That was me, not a policeman. And I hid the Bible, where the recording device was. I…”
“One more rose ceremony to go. And then the final dates,” David smiles. He would seem amused if his eyes didn’t look so terrified.
Thankfully, John is completely caught up in the case, focused and ready to fight. If this all goes south, Sherlock needs him to be a real soldier.
She-lock barely spares the man a glance as he is stood next to her. Inwardly, she’s boiling. This tired grandpa better not cost her the crown.
“I am sober”, he says. “Sherlock...”, he says, carefully stepping a little closer and putting a hand on Sherlock's biceps. “I was not drunk when that happened, okay? I only had a little bit of champagne and two glasses of wine. I fully and knowingly did... Whatever that was.”
“So sorry,” he mumbles, trying to de-buzz his brain. This wine is crumbling the mask he so carefully carries.
Phi Phi hesitantly lifts a finger to her lip, but before she reaches it, the door flies open. It’s Latrice, panting. She’s surprised to see everyone huddled together.
, those are backdated posts I put on a timer,” Shangela says. “I’ve been Bran Starking all over the ‘Gram. You think I can’t rule my seven kingdoms from inside a box? I’m a media mogul, honey. Thanks for following me.” She winks.
They’ve barely had time to process the events, when Janine rushes over. “I’m so sorry, lads, apparently some kids were playing with an airgun in the bushes just now.”
“It's not okay, Sherlock”, John almost yells, and he meets the man's gaze. Sherlock's eyes are wide, he looks stunned. John thinks back about his father. How close they are in this moment, how unhappy his father would be if he knew it.
Upon the words 'enter me', John nearly loses it. He pushes his finger halfway inside Sherlock, who gasps.
A short silence falls between them. John seems genuine, and a little scared - no, not scared. Brave.
John can sense it. Something is shifting in She-lock, something is opening. He closes the sliding door. The Bible won’t be able to record this - and some part of him is glad about that.
John is still dazed from the very little sleep he had. He’s only wearing his underwear and smells faintly of sex; a sharp contrast with the sight before him: Sherlock Holmes, fully dressed, standing tense beside a cart loaded with breakfast items.
Deducing living people’s possible causes of death turns out predictably dull and tedious. They tend to struggle and object to everything. Sherlock prefers dead bodies.
The Fab Five have relocated to their loft to watch on a big screen how John fares, showing Sherlock his apartment.
“Ten percent”, John says. They'd both been exchanging interesting tidbits of statistics and facts while reading Eddie Van Coon's books, after all.
Christ, he should act normal, Sherlock thinks as he enters the vicar’s side of the confessional booth, and tries to open the tiny hatch that reveals another wooden shutter. Behind it, he can see the shadows compose the beautiful symphony that is John. What on earth would John need forgiveness for? He’s perfect.
“It appears that just about anyone can get a wedding officiant’s license online these days,” Sherlock comments. He’s grinning.
He takes two steps back and looks at that gorgeous sight: Sherlock Holmes, world-famous consulting detective, completely exposed, on his belly, legs slightly parted. Barely moving – almost unnoticeably trembling.
John takes a little bit of extra soap and slides his hand slowly upwards, covering the whole length of his penis until he lets it flop down again, to then immediately grab at its length again. He caresses his foreskin, trying to think of Sarah. She did look rather nice, today. Though, in retrospect, perhaps her clothing style kind of reminded him of Sherlock's, wearing a nice shirt like he always does. Like the posh boy he is. John gently squeezes his penis, gliding his slippery hands up and down. It's not gay, because technically he's thinking of Sarah.
He’s even closer now - and Sherlock leans in, opens John’s arms, wraps them around to his back. Sherlock closes John’s eyes, and allows their bodies to merge. He can feel himself melting away. This feels - wonderful, glorious, amazing, fantastic.
Latrice: “She-lock, the high-functioning socialite from the House of Holmes. Get those ginger nuts away from my face!”
John spreads his fingers, cupping Sherlock’s hand. On top of the table, Sherlock does the same with Jonathan.
John watches from the bushes as the five men dressed as giant Alices stuff an unconscious Moran and an equally limp Sherlock into large burlap sacks, lift the sacks onto a cart and pull it to the Labyrinth’s exit.
John’s hand is frozen in place. He doesn’t think he’s breathing. The only thing moving about him, is his penis. It’s screaming at his finger.
John curses beneath his breath. “They wouldn’t have selected you if you weren’t a genius of sorts. Now solve it!”
this?” Sherlock says. “I’ve done everything for you. But no. Apparently it wasn’t good enough because you needed strangers to provide you with better furniture, better kitchen material, a better…” His voice breaks, then he recovers. “A better home for Rosie.”
Sherlock is staring at Magnussen and Jonathan ordering drinks together, when Janine shoves a cocktail glass in his hand. It’s filled with a red liquid. Sherlock sniffs it.
Then, his heart nearly stops. On it, in miniature, white stripes, something is written. Something that awakens a long-forgotten memory, of pain, of trying to understand, of examining a body.
John swallows. It seemed like a fun idea a minute ago, but now Sherlock’s almost naked body lies stretched out next to him, it feels very real all of the sudden. He looks the man up and down. Sherlock lies on his back, arms resting on either side. He’s open. He trusts him.
But John also remembers Magnussen whispering in his ear, on the horse. Saying he knows what’s been happening with Sherlock. Ordering him to step up and leave the competition.
As the last echoes fade out, John suddenly remembers he’s in heels, and groans. She-lock turns to him.
By the time Bainbridge and David appear in the distance, it’s been too many fucking grapes for John to handle. David, however, is limping - playing up the severity of a definitely not broken ankle - and Jonathan runs over, eager cameras in his wake.
Sherlock starts pacing again. “It’s not hard to deduce. Jon - I mean Jonathan - told me that the next activity is a lavish dinner at a restaurant called The End of the World. So they’ll probably organise a little drama, like these reality shows tend to do. What else is there to do in a restaurant? It will be boring television, unless someone chokes on food. Likely Jonathan himself. As a doctor, you have an unfair advantage. So, teach me the Heimlich.”
After Janine yells cut, Mary waits for John to stand apart from the other suitors until she approaches him, like a bloodhound sniffing out prey.
John tries to kick the attacker, but he takes John’s leg and twists it, forcing him to the ground. John looks up, and the man grins. It’s hideous. His teeth are metal, sharp like a shark’s.
He carefully takes John’s left hand in his and lifts it. His knuckles are slightly damaged - one is bleeding.
“Thanks... I suppose,” John says, shifting on his feet. He has taken a more military stance, Sherlock notices with some pride.
He latches onto John’s arm, and drags him toward the bed. Sherlock sits on the edge, a pouty look on his flustered face. John struggles to maintain his equilibrium, but withstands. He starts untying Sherlock’s scarf. Let’s get this man to bed.
Sherlock leans forward. If it wasn’t for the shaky helicopter, John’s own shaking would be entirely clear. Now he remains the illusion of cool as he leans into it, longing to meet Sherlock halfway. The man closes his eyes, lips trembling.
He flips through the pages. Christ, his religious upbringing was ages ago. Why did his parents never take him to church? Not until his death, at least.
spoken in his own voice, before the silhouette against the sky stumbles forward off the roof from pure shock.
After Sherlock is forced to ride a coaster called ‘Crush’s Coast’ - about a fish called Nemo - John buys an automated photo Disneyland took while they were riding.
Jinkx: “She-lock, girl, you think you’re the new Aquaria but we’re only halfway this season and you’ve already been in the bottom two.”
John moves to the side of the table, gently pressing his thumbs into Sherlock’s shoulders. Seeing those scars makes his heart ache, makes him want to go punch a wall. But he channels that energy into soft, circular motions instead. He localises knotted areas, like reading a book written in braille. God, Sherlock really is very stressed.
“Well, I don't know if I want your ballsack papers, Sherlock”, John jokes, but Sherlock doesn't laugh. He flips through the pages. They're numbers, followed by more numbers.
He wheels the coffin just a tad faster down the aisle, while his estranged cousin carries a candle behind him. Some of the older people look rather shocked at his speed. An old aunt quickly tries to splash some holy water on the coffin in passing, but misses and nearly puts the candle out.
John steps a little closer to the wall. In a large frame, Bobby has grouped photos John didn’t even know he had: Sherlock hugging Rosie closely, Rosie having fallen asleep on John’s chest, and even Sherlock and John talking to each other in the lab. Suddenly it dawns on John: Molly must have provided all these pictures. He swallows, something stuck in his throat.
All the queens and their makeover men stare at the twink in the box. Even Jinkx has woken up from her nap.
, John. He can’t hear you in here, and neither can his secretary,” Sherlock says. "And we’re already at our seats anyway."
, one of Eddie Van Coon's books that they scanned for the Blind Banker case to crack the graffiti code. Page fifteen, word number one:
By the time Jonathan turns around John’s chair so he can check himself in the mirror, he’s so hyped that, for a moment, he finds his reflection attractive.
John catches Sherlock staring at it, a tiny frown forming between his brows. John winces. He hopes they’re not supposed to use the whip on the horses.
am a celebrity doctor!” John yells, exasperated. “People on Twitter know my name just as much as they know Wilson’s!”
John takes Sherlock’s rose and wraps his hand around its stem, lets a forgotten thorn push against his palm. He shouldn’t be thinking about it. But he can’t help himself.
Sherlock starts unbuttoning his shirt, and John stares at him. “Couldn’t we have changed, you know, back at the office?” he whispers.
Another pause. Sherlock looks into his own, stunned, disbelieving eyes, unmistakably John looking back.
Sherlock blinks, panicked. Turns out he’s the hare, not the hunter. “I mean… Eh. It’s good to… have passions…”
A sudden headache flashes through Sherlock’s brain. Or is it panic? He pulls his blanket higher up John’s body, to the chin.
“Stephen. You’re so very young, and you’re still finding your way in this crazy world. I remember what that was like. I can understand it, and you are forgiven.”
Thank you guys so much for all your lovely reactions, subscriptions, kudos, etc. They mean the world to me, and keep me sane during this writing process. (Also: totally cool if you're just a silent reader. We're all balls of anxiety together here.)
“Oh hell to the N.O.,” She-lock says. “You’re not turning me into the Villain-tina of Absolut All Stars. I’m not leaving here unless my name is on some shady queen’s sweaty boob lipstick.”
A man's face fills the screen. He has brown hair with a loose strand falling on his forehead, and a nicely squared jaw, yet with a soft streak to it. “I'm just a heart surgeon”, Jonathan Wilson says, as his name and profession appear in dramatic, golden handwriting on the screen. “Looking for a good heart.”
Phi Phi rolls her eyes at her. “Ugh, I can’t believe I won’t get the villain edit because there’s a literal murderer present,” she complains.
“I’m here, sir”, a voice suddenly booms as the door swings open. John quickly retreats his hands and rubs them on his upper legs.
Jonathan turns to him, a tiny frown forming between his brows. His mouth is open, but no words come out.
Sherlock takes off the Belstaff and hands it to, what must seem to Mrs Hudson, its rightful owner. She looks doubtfully between them two.
She-lock swallows. She glances at John next to her, who’s staring at his feet. Has this all been… a ruse, to gain her trust?
Tan pushes John to the dressing room door. “John, you’ve got the body, I just want you to show it off. We’ll of course take your measurements later, but this will give you an idea of what you could look like.”
“Thank you for helping me with this, John,” Sherlock says, now abruptly pushing his entire finger inside John.
“... Moriarty,” Sherlock says disbelieving, locking eyes with his displaced blogger. Then, he turns to Moriarty. “You’re Mary?”
“It isn’t. Ru has eliminated the impossible. To be fair, he always has. Nina West. BenDeLa, the first time around. Trixie. Vanjie. Katya. Valentina. Vivacious. Scarlet Envy. Shangela. Ivyyyyyy Winters. Latrice. Latrila. The shade of it all, you cannot even imagine, John. But this season...  Let me explain. This is Absolut All Stars, the re-invention of All Stars. The top two queens get to lip-sync for their legacy. Whoever wins, gets to eliminate someone from the bottom two. But so far, it’s been the strongest queens that have landed in the bottom. Every single time. It’s been… odd.”
John chuckles. “I didn’t think you had. But you know about anatomy, don’t you? Just, you know. Don’t accidentally paralyse him and you’re fine.”
“Don’t you have some phone calls to transfer to Mycroft’s office?” Sherlock asks, annoyed. “Or ‘M’, as he apparently insists on being called during this mission.”
He turns around to face John again, who’s pushed himself up against the headboard. He’s shirtless, and somewhere during the night he must have pushed his trousers off, because he’s only in his underwear now. Though that area is neatly covered by the bed sheet.
John must have fallen asleep briefly, exhausted, because when he opens his eyes again, Sherlock is gone. Sleepily, he goes into the bathroom to pee, then steps into the kitchen. He hasn't even put on any clothes yet, walking around completely naked. There, in the middle of the night, he finds Sherlock at the table, wearing his blue dressing gown, peering into a microscope.
“Well, it is easily deduced, is it not? You never gave this lowly, vastly overrated and overcharging medium your name. John Hamish Watson.”
Sherlock looks up. Something feral lurks behind Sherlock’s eyes. Without breaking eye contact, he licks the head of John’s cock through the cotton of his pants.
“The library is closed for today,” Ru says, still giggling while regarding the Absolut All Stars one by one. “That was brutal.”
By the end, John is beaming. He’s not even thinking about the untucking part of all this anymore. It’s an amazing rush, to stand here, in heels, feeling… well. He hasn’t felt like this in a long time. Feeling... Beautiful?
“We’ve only filmed two episodes so far, we can easily switch ‘m up now. Tell the public Wiggins turned out to be a druggie, was booted off the show and we replaced him with a willing candidate.”
Ru laughs. “Well, thank you all for being here. The next judge, we all know, of course, miss Michelle Visage.”
Sherlock quickly complies, but John notices how he rubs his erect penis against the bed in anticipation.
Before he realises what he’s doing, he carries the monitor across the balcony, sits on Sherlock’s bed and turns it on.
The green grape puffs when it’s ripped from the bunch. A feeling John can relate to. Magnussen watches him, a tight-lipped smile on his face.
That’s pretty much everything that’s going through John’s mind, as they wait on the stage for the judging session. In a loop.
“You may find these keys useful,” Sherlock says, offering them up. “They open ninety percent of the world’s locks.”
While the cameras change positions again, Janine puts her hands on Sherlock and John’s shoulders as she addresses the group.
John moves his other hand to Sherlock’s, still laying between them. As if nothing matters more in the world, he hooks their fingers together. Immediately, Sherlock clamps down on it, moaning, still pumping his hips. He’s fucking himself on John’s finger, and John nearly explodes untouched.
“It’s hard to take you seriously, Ru,” Phi Phi says, glaring. “Not when you have eyebrow shaped sharpie stains on your belly. It’s not like I’m wearing a cockroach costume.”
A mischievous smile crosses Sherlock's face, but only briefly, blink and you'd miss it. He leans a little further, almost touching John's lips.
Good. Only a couple of octaves too high. With one hand, John seeks support from the desk in front of them, with the other he grips Sherlock’s curls a little tighter. His hips start thrusting with Sherlock’s pace, now, short hard pushes. John squeeze his eyes closed.
“Merci, thank you,” Sherlock says, falling back into his French accent. He attempts to drop his voice a little though, to further elude John. He mustn’t find out it’s him, since John’s life could still be in danger.
John has nearly reached her now. But then he freezes. He feels the familiar coldness of a gun in his neck.
haven't”, Sherlock says, sounding slightly offended, like an outraged suburban mom finding out one of the neighbours' kids has been smoking weed occasionally.
But Sherlock can see the smile slowly fading and he closes his eye again so he won’t have to see the realisation on John’s face that nobody else has ever heard Sherlock not snore during the night.
“No, a lot harder”, Sherlock says, his soft rumbling voice sending a shiver through John's groin. God, he's about to be ready for action again. He wants. Oh, he wants.
A little odd, that. Maybe it's just one of those groups of old college buddies who, once they meet up again, fall back into their old lame jokes and habits. John shrugs and slips the envelope back into his back pocket.
“The thing is, there is no real trick to seduction. You either click with someone, or you don't. The flirting will come naturally if you do. Smiles, compliments, and kindness help, though.”
The other man at the table, a burly type, looks at them with suspicion and leaves the room. Meanwhile, Sherlock takes out a flat, silver case, opens it and removes a thin cigarette.
Sherlock turns around, and the soft candlelight bounces off his cheekbones. His eyes are shining, and John swallows. He reaches his hands out to Sherlock, who almost winces, but allows himself to be touched as John removes the microphone from his silk robe, turns it off and puts it in his back pocket.
“Oh, I thought your lips were meant to look messy. They often do... Anyway, the world turns, nothing is ever new. Men are pigs.”
“Stay out of it,” She-lock says. “Focus on painting your mug, darling. You look like you’ve been cast as an extra on ‘Chernobyl’.”
“I’m not about to pull an Adore Delano, if that’s what you’re implying. I don’t care for Michelle’s opinions, she’s a boob queen stan.”
Sherlock raises his gaze, eyes questioning. No smartass comments. Odd, how Sherlock changes in these situations.
“They waited outside 221B, called the practice, secretly filmed me at the bakery. One journalist even tried to come onto me in the toilets, just to see if I was gay.”
“How are you today, diva?” She asks, tying the tie like a pro. “I’ve found all the flowers you requested. And all the other crap you insisted on decorating this whole wedding with. So you better smile as if there’s a nice, mutilated corpse in there, Mister Holmes-Wilson.”
Neither Mary nor Janine nor Jonathan Wilson are around. There’s a tired looking cameraman across from them to record their morning faces, though. If he zooms too closely, John might show him his morning middle finger.
John rolls his eyes, and glances at Sherlock. His breath hitches. Sherlock's back is straight as a rod, he has his hands folded in his lap, his face open. He's absorbing every word.
Soon after the threat, strange things started happening to Michelle. First, her judging chair fell apart mid-taping. Its rear leg had been partly sawn off. Then, her night cream smelled suspiciously like day cream. She’d only
Sherlock falls silent. Moriarty is precisely the reason why he wants to organise an epic birthday gift - John’s very own Bond case, his dream come true. Because at the pool, he’d been… stunning. John had jumped on Moriarty’s back, while wearing that semtex vest.
“Oh, no, Doctor Watson,” Irene says, slowly elongating herself on the exam table as if it’s a luxury Chesterfield, not a hospital table with some paper cloth on top of it.
“But that’s the point! To think of stuff that will turn you off!” John sighs. “How about corpses? Oh no, that will only turn you on more.”
“Yes, yes, and we’re very sorry.” She doesn’t even try to use any intonation there. “So, are you going to do it?”
John ignores his pleas, and suddenly, several things happen at once. He bites very softly into Sherlock’s ear lobe. And because John shifts his body, the tip of his own traitorous dick peeks through the fly of his loose pants, and slides against Sherlock’s upper thigh. Its head, glistening with precum, rubs against Sherlock’s hot skin, for just a fraction of a second. That’s all it takes. Sherlock grips John’s arms tighter, and shudders.
But no. His parents are not attending. He’s still feeling slightly injured about it as he walks up to the church. But there, to his pleasant surprise, a large crowd has started to gather.
“How am I supposed to believe my best friend gives a rat’s ass about me, if you never TELL ME ANYTHING?” John yells, the words ricocheting around them.
“And anyway, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery,” Trixie adds. “Unless it’s Max doing Sharon Needles for Snatch Game.”
“A producer Irene hired,” Sherlock says. “Janine really was just making reality television. Sadly, we can’t arrest her for that.”
“Don’t worry,” Ru says, hesitantly for his doing. “What other people think of you is none of your business.”
“Hope was brilliant. The only thing that needed fixing, was his taste in outfits, frankly,” She-lock ends her explanation..
“That means you get a private floor, a jacuzzi, a kitchen, as well as extra amenities. And of course, VIP Fast Passes for Disneyland. Here’s a brochure, here are your key cards,” she says. “Do you have any more questions?”
Ru exchanges a glance with John. The presenter is of course aware of the investigation and, John reckons, she considers She-lock the main suspect as well. This, he realises with a jolt, has been an interrogation, for his sake.
John would often wake from a nightmare and keep living a waking terror that only faded with the morning light. Quite like that feeling, John awakes after their nighttime conversation, feeling as if it never really took place, as if it happened inside the sea, and the words are muffled faraway sounds now, as the morning washes him ashore.
. And you should hear him play the violin. It’s the most heartbreaking thing you’ll ever hear. Pours his soul into it. So is he a good man?” John grins. “He’s a bloody fantastic man.”
Jonathan nods. “I asked you to trust me. So I will try to do the same for you. You seem like a good man.”
John looks at the camera. He should not tell the whole of Britain about his hidden, deep affection for Major Sholto.
“I was planning to go as a mourning widow, but my one black veil was in the laundry,” Sherlock says, shrugging.
“Oh, this old thing?”, Mrs Hudson blushes. “I thought about color blocking but I didn’t want to steal the spotlight.”
“That’s absurd. Why would he choke? Sometimes these dates are just about having fun. Not everything is for a case, you know.”
times when John wondered whether there was a tenderness underneath that cold mask, but that seems like ages ago.
They stopped doing that. Sherlock was rolling his eyes at the films so much, John suspected he didn’t enjoy it very much. John just didn’t want to force it on him, you know? So what if the man enjoyed staring down his microscope more?
“When it was really bad, I shot up almost every day. I lied to my brother about it. I stole his money to sustain my drug habit in college. I lied and lied and lied-”
“Could be dangerous,” Sherlock says. A bit embarrassing, flirting in front of his brother. This is flirting, isn’t it? Sherlock frowns to himself.
“Thank you, Ru,” She-lock says, sporting a smile that instantly fades from her features when Ru turns her back.
In that instant, Sherlock presses his mouth onto John’s. And the world, the case, the flower, everything wilts in comparison to it. John’s hands stay frozen mid-air. That Sherlock should realise his love, at this crucial point in the case - John can’t believe his luck. But of course, that’s how it should happen. Within the thrill of the chase, blood pumping through their veins. He lets Sherlock’s angelic lips wash over him and press into his mouth. He lets Sherlock reach up his hand and put it on his neck, caress it, while Sherlock pushes his bottom lip against John’s upper lip. No tongues. Just soft, moving lips, speaking unheard words together, a confession long overdue.
John pulls further back, and puts his hand reassuringly on Sherlock’s abdomen. But at his touch, Sherlock violently draws back, face contorted, and he nearly tumbles backwards out of bed. Quickly, Sherlock runs to the balcony and disappears.
“Welcome to Hyde Park, dear suitors,” Mary says. She’s standing next to Jonathan, and in her hand, she’s holding a whip.
But before John can finish his sentence, Sherlock turns around and dashes down the stairs, past the Netflix camera team, who chase him immediately. John takes two steps at once, panicking.
“Oh poor man,” Sharon Needles says, staring at him from two tables over. “They’re going to edit a rattlesnake noise all over you, darling.”
“You are, but curiously, you’re repressing it. I read people, John, that’s what I do. And you, my newly assigned drag family member, are gagging for it. What was it that made you shut it all in? Was it…” She-lock takes a few steps closer to John. He tries not to flinch away. “... an odd experience in the army? An overbearing, homophobic father? What is it that made you this way?”
Sherlock averts his eyes. He’ll explain everything to John later, he’ll - he’ll understand. When Sherlock is back in a few months, and the initial pain has settled, they will surely laugh about it. Drinking tea in Baker Street. Everything will be fine.
drag is insane. One of these days, one of the criminal cases she bases her drag on, will be her own.”
“Sherlock Holmes has insulted every bloody person in this church,” Lestrade begins. The crowd lets out a subdued chuckle. Sherlock raises his eyebrows at them - will this be a funeral service or a roast? This is not what he imagined.
“Yes, you go and prepare for the day, in your office. I need a coffee,” John says smoothly. “Care for one, Mary?”
He stands so close, he watches every detail of it happen on Sherlock’s face. First, the drop of a bottom lip, just slightly. Then, the crumpling of his nose. The long fall of Sherlock’s adam’s apple. And finally, seeking a fast death, the trace of a single tear to his lips.
John has never felt any desire to be on a tv show. He was fine being a sidekick, the conductor of light, not the one in the spotlight.
Finally, John gets one leg free. On to the other one. He bites the rope - if only he had those iron teeth now - and pulls on it. In the corner of his eye, he watches the beam moving slowly upward.
It’s clear the bachelor was pushed into this activity as much as the others. They keep having to reshoot the opening scene because he doesn’t look thrilled enough. Chessington, after all, is paying good money for the filming to take place here. It better look like people are having
Thank you to all you lovely people who've been reading and supporting and leaving kudos and subscribing. Truly, it means the world.
Jonathan holds John’s chin. “How much time do you spend on yourself in the morning, on an average day? I know you have a baby to take care of, but just give yourself five minutes to take care of this beautiful skin, darling. Some simple creams will do. And also, it’s important to give yourself a nice shave. Put that finger on that Adam’s apple.”
Sherlock is dragged off by five crossdressing criminals. John needs to save him from some big dick energy. Basically.
Meanwhile, Miss Vanjie decides to retreat to her room. “I have severe mid-morning grumpiness,” she says. “I can’t believe I put on my chest glitter for a big bundle of
John licks his lips. Sherlock’s cock is absolutely beautiful. It’s long, and for a moment John is intimidated imagining all of it inside of him, but he steels himself. It’s doable. Definitely doable.
Something else happens, right then. In his own pants - why in the everloving name of fuck did he wear such a loose fitting pair - his dick remembers its own existence. Not the best of times, certainly. John feels himself slowly hardening as he moves his warm tongue around Sherlock’s thumb, hoping to god Sherlock won’t break eye contact and look down.
“I know you’re not dead, you daft bonehead,” he says. “You couldn’t execute the plan without me, remember?”
John can’t help but move a little closer, touch a hesitant finger to Sherlock’s most outspoken scar, the one that curls around his neck. A wound that cut just a little deeper, a little closer to the heart. His fingertips lightly braze it, and Sherlock gasps, tenses for a moment, but doesn’t move away.
Sherlock’s hands clutch the trousers, and he shuts down. He has become a frozen computer screen. He’s staring at John’s rock hard cock at his eye level, like it has just proposed to him or something.
One finger lightly breaches his lips, and John can’t help himself - he gently sucks the tip of it. It’s all Sherlock needs, apparently, because he throws him onto the bed in seconds. Aren’t drunk people supposed to be sluggish? Where does Sherlock get this kind of energy, or strength?
The response to this fic has been... overwhelming and amazing. Thank you all who've been messaging, commenting, kudos'ing, reblogging, headcanoning, or even just silently reading (it's all fine ;) ). Nothing, absolutely nothing compares to writing for fandom.
“This is my girlfriend, Penelope”, says Sebastian. Of course someone like that is named Penelope. John steps closer to Sarah and puts a hand on her side. She feels nice, soft.
He steps into the living room and paces to the window, trying to compose himself. But when he turns around, he sees that Sherlock is shedding his disguise.
She sways on her feet. This can’t be. That kiss… falling asleep next to him…. Suddenly, she feels sick to her stomach. John wasn’t visiting her hotel room because he was
John grins behind wicked curls. “It’s what bodyswapped friends do. Now eat up,” he urges. “We need to leave soon.”
John quietly makes tea for the both of them, and then sits down. With long fingers Sherlock envelopes his cup. In front of him, John bares his feet to gingerly explore the soft threading of the rug between his toes.
Sebastian grins broadly. He looks like the Cheshire cat. “You haven't deduced it yet? You're the victim, here, man.” He slaps Sherlock's shoulder, as if they are old friends. Are they old friends? John carefully studies his features.
She struts on. “Just like Alaska. She loves Michelle Visage as much as Coco loves creepy contact lenses. Also, I track her online accounts and she hasn’t been Paypalling. She’s a slag, but innocent.”
Ru claps his hands. “Ladies, quiet. I’ve made my decision. You are all dripping in Charisma, Uniqueness, Nerve and Talent, so it took me three minutes longer than usual. Also, Katya had a smoke break. But before we continue, the police must make an… additional elimination.”
But on the other hand, they’re not teenagers - quick orgasms aside. Sherlock is an adult and he took the initiative for each lesson. Moreover, virginity is a ridiculous concept and rather overrated. It’s just sex. And if it’s sex with your very best friend, isn’t that a good thing either way?
“Doctor Watson, you’re not implying that I have anything to do with this, are you?” Magnussen says, dabbing his lips with a cloth napkin. “I am an investor, not a writer. I pay other people to pursue their dream of journalism. In any case, I haven’t been at the editorial office but I’ve been here all along, filming this show, and I can assure you, I have not been standing outside Bainbridge’s room at night with a camera.”
Behind her, Brooke Lynn Hytes steps into the light. She-lock rolls her eyes. Obviously, she’s been there the whole time. She’s even all wired up already.
The lights dim in She-lock’s panicked brain. The timer on her life, on this show, on this set, comes to an abrupt halt. John presses softly into her, and it’s nothing like the rough, lust-driven kisses she’s had before. Nothing like the Craigslist coldness. No, John is warm, and giving, and passionate, and while they’re barely moving, she can feel every slight shiver of his lips.
John has heard that name. Well, who hasn't? He's been on a reality medical show called 'Top Doctors' for several seasons now, and his face has graced many magazines outside of the realm of medical journals. He might even have been in a toothpaste commercial, now that John thinks about it. Jonathan Wilson is about forty-ish, very intelligent, and very, very attractive.
“Well, not much, I suppose.” She's all smiles. She, too, hasn't eaten her potato, John notices. “He was a reclusive man, to be honest I walked in on him a few times...” She side-eyes Sherlock. “Wanking sadly.”
John lies completely still. He doesn’t mind. Class is over, but it only seems fair to let the student come, too.
John is almost scared to death walking into his office, seeing Irene. She’s sitting perfectly still and poised on an exam table. In her usual outfit, naturally.
Did Sherlock just admit to having a boner in the restaurant? John blinks the thought away. And away. He feels like Bambi talking to a rabbit, with all this blinking going on.
The pronouns will mostly change to 'she' after this first chapter, as we switch POV's between Sherlock and John, and John learns more about drag queen culture.
When he returns, John takes the other side of the bed. They lie facing each other, and She-lock slowly lowers the other earbud to John’s ear. She brushes his hair briefly out of the way - John feels his ear glowing.
John walks around the table and positions himself behind Sherlock, who sits unmoving. He hooks a shaky finger behind the silk, and pulls it lower and lower, slowly unveiling Sherlock’s tense shoulders. Sherlock lets him.
John takes a few steps in his direction. Reconsiders his tactics. “Look… It’s just a massage. It’ll be fine.”
Sherlock checks to make sure John hasn’t heard. “We’d defeated Jaws and Tee Hee as planned. Even the bending of the golden gun went splendidly. But then a third, unknown party started shooting at us. Are you sure the target is still in Amsterdam?”
Well, the actual planning was done by his mother. She took charge the minute she heard about his upcoming downfall. Sherlock rolls his eyes. So typical of mummy to insist on a church funeral, even for a fake death. Even one she’s not even attending. “I’d cry my eyes out,” she’d protested. “
Sherlock stands up, staggering on his feet. The ground seems to shift. He lift his eyes up, but can’t face it - can’t face - John… He turns and flees through a side door.
The cameras rush over while a PA pushes her into good lighting. Well. Not season 1 style lighting, at least.
-Racer dick: when drag race fans who ‘get lucky’ with famous queens get too nervous during the act, they get “racer dick”
“You bet your MI6 arse something went wrong,” John says. “He’s currently being abducted by five crossdressing criminals. Please tell me this is part of Sherlock’s big James Bond surprise.”
The Alices move through Disneyland, regularly pausing to begrudgingly pose for pictures with some very confused children.
There’s a slight mumbling among the queens. Meanwhile, Todrick passes by Miley again - it turns out, there is only one exit to the studio.
Sherlock glares at his brother, and walks back up to the microphone. “Next, Le.. Gregory? Lestrade.”
supply of cosmetics,” She-lock whispers in John’s ear. “Until Sharon started selling the makeup, I heard on Reddit. Or, well, wrote on Reddit.”
Sherlock Holmes is back in the spotlight, to do reality television. Risen from the grave, to enter hell.
John grunts and lifts himself up. It feels like there’s a scone-sized rock inside his brain. Sherlock looks at them both, guilt in his eyes.
Carefully, She-lock makes John’s right eye emerge. She takes another wipe. She thinks about John coming to her hotel room, about telling him about her childhood, watching him fall asleep.
John stills, for a moment, shocked. Then, he smiles. “Yes you are,” he says. “Tell me how badly you want me to fuck you.”
Speaking of, his brother is now striding through the aisle with wide steps and a face set to murder. Sherlock straightens his shoulders.
“My biggest enemy,” She-lock says, sitting up. Can she already feel this hungover, so quickly after downing a cocktail?
She-lock removes the glasses as Alaska inspects her nails, supposedly disinterested. “You can edit that out, I don’t care,” She-lock says as he rejoins the others.
Sherlock shifts, to position himself better, and his Belstaff falls open over John’s legs, like a blanket. Sherlock spreads John’s cheeks further apart, then delves back in. He licks the back of John’s balls, effectively touching John’s hole with the tip of his nose. John is worried. He did have a thorough shower earlier today. And there was a bidet at the club. He thinks there should be no problem. But, still. No one has ever been quite so intimate with him…
Sherlock looks up at once, one treacherous tear streaming down his cheek. He flinches at John’s gaze.
“It’s the biggest job I’ve done,” Sherlock says, trying not to roll his eyes. “But I won’t blow it. I’m a family friend, please note. I knew Sherlock when he was little. Brilliant child…”
The Final Date is a nighttime ride in the London Eye. It’s covered in rainbow colors for the occasion. They sit it in awkward silence. John stares out the glass pod, to the darkened, misty skyline of the city. London does not care to be seen.
At six in the morning, John hears a soft knocking at his door. He groans. He’s still in his boxers, so he quickly throws on a bathrobe. When he opens the door, he startles. It’s Sherlock.
She looks Katya up and down. Dressed as a stunning Russian hooker, bright red lips, strong black mascara. And underneath: a twitching ball of anxiety, an addict’s brain, a not-quite-dormant volcano. The Yellowstone Park of drag queens. With a profound longing to be touched, and yet, an eternal warning sign
Almost immediately, Sherlock slips next to John, hands folded behind his back as if he’s working. He’s not looking at him, but at Mary, a few feet further, getting powdered once again. John wonders if he’s ever seen her real face.
. It can’t be a coincidence. It must be some sort of huge prank that Sherlock and Mycroft are pulling on him. Or an exciting case they’re organising for him - specifically. John frowns. For his… For his birthday?
Sherlock ignores the question and leaves his previous body waiting outside while he enters the empty men’s toilet. It’s a tiny space with three urinals, quite close to each other. He approaches one of them hesitantly still, then he stubbornly decides to be almost clinical, professional about this.
“What?” John startles. “You’re not seriously suggesting we do it here, where anyone could walk in at any sec-”
“You see, I’d gotten some blood spatters on you when I shot myself,” she says. “We think it was in the fake blood. Some kind of strange chemistry. Now we need to find a way to reverse it. And aren’t you a graduate chemist?”
Though surely, it’s not a big deal, is it? They’ve known each other for years. And Sherlock doesn’t have too many people in his life he can rely on. John thinks back about Hannah from camp, whom he met when he was twelve. Back home, he had a huge crush on Natalie, his mate’s older sister. But he didn’t want to make out with Natalie for her to discover he was a useless bag of chips. He needed to be 100 percent
Whoever hung it there is playing a cruel joke on him. Perhaps it’s Mycroft, here to play games. But why would Mycroft change the knocker? He always
Then again, they could be saying something important. John should make sure he's not intruding on a most crucial part of their conversation, so that it's not cut short. Thus, he puts his ear to the door. The cold echoes through his entire body.
And immediately trips over his own long legs. Part of the vicar robes falls open, revealing the sparkly rainbow inside.
“My name is vicar... Trevor. And why me? The bishop couldn’t make it,” he says, whispering: “Baptism. The Duchess had another one.”
That evening, the suitors and Jonathan go out together. It’s not exactly a group date, more like a casual unwinding. With cameras. And alcohol.
Sherlock’s heart stills. Oh. Of course. It’s not about him - why would John ever? He’s never even flirted with him. They lived together, for God’s sake. If anything could have happened, it would have, ages ago, and even then….
John had been wondering these past few weeks. Gay it is, then. It's not exactly a surprise, or anything. Just surprising that he'd go for someone as obnoxious as Victor Trevor, that's all.
She whips her hair and rejoins John. Everyone else is dead quiet. Ru looks so shocked it reminds She-lock of the first three seasons, back when Ru had facial expressions.
“You kind of want to have me - him - begging for it, for example by touching… the inside of his legs, his balls. By blowing or licking softly. You can use your hands, and your mouth. Again, this is all about suggestion.”
“... But I’ve replaced them with pictures of you, Sherlock, and Rosie, so you can hold onto those amazing memories you’ve already created.”
“That’s it, though, isn’t it?” John says. “She-lock doesn’t really make an effort to come across nice…”
“I’m told you’re refusing a massage by doctor Wilson”, John says. “You’re not afraid he’s going to rub you the wrong way, are you?”
Sherlock wraps his lips around the grape, just a little too far, lingering on Jonathan’s fingers just a little too long.
John frowns. Is he trying to get Jonathan to choke faster? He doesn’t think Heimlich is on the menu, today.
Magnussen doesn’t react. He stares as if studying an odd species, through dull glasses, fascinated in an understated manner.
“Right, no more knife on the mantle, even though Rosie’s too young to reach up there anyway. Tedious! And they better have stored Billy away safely or I’ll hunt them down. I’ve already deduced where they live. Those sofa cushions are horrendous. Was Bobby trying to gender-bend again? And a kitchen island? For crying out loud. Why do we need one?”
Sherlock winces. He doesn’t take his eyes off his book, though he is clearly only pretending to read. But John is not going to insist. If the man wants to sit at the desk all night, who is he? The Reading Police?
He can almost hear Sherlock smiling. The man rubs his behind, like he’s discovered a new moon (about to plant his flag), then spreads his cheeks again and lowers his head. In a circular motion, Sherlock licks the area around John’s anus, tracing every ridge with his tongue point, stroking every inch.
John’s cock is standing even more erect, if at all possible. Sherlock can feel it trembling, wanting, aching for touch. Yet, John doesn’t touch it anymore. Instead, he reaches out and runs his hands softly down his chest, then upwards again.
Perhaps he’s trying to get on Sherlock’s good side, to get an exclusive interview for his newspapers? By sending away John, who might snatch away Jonathan?
,” Sherlock says, nearly swallowing a cotton ball. He frantically pushes the thing higher with his tongue. “You don’t have the right invite.”
The title is from the incredible Camp Rock song 'Introducing Me'. Don't judge me. (I thought it would be funny since John grew a mustache in The Empty Hearse, from which I borrow some elements)
One of the Dwarves walks up to the laser beam and pushes the ‘off’ button. Another one walks up to Moriarty, and cuffs him. “You’re under arrest,” he says, and then adds. “The Queen would like her dick laser back.”
“It happened in Serbia,” Sherlock says, his voice crawling to the surface from awful depths. He lifts his chin, but doesn’t turn around to look at John. His elbows tremble lightly, his fingers are tight like cobwebs around his knees. “They’d had me for three weeks before Mycroft found me. Another month until he had infiltrated their ranks.”
Sherlock slightly drops his chin. John can see his adam’s apple bobbing, and he puts his fingers on Sherlock’s jaw.
Christ. If there ever was a worst time for a massage bottle to gleam in the corner of Sherlock’s eye, just standing there,
“The rollercoaster seems mandatory per contract, but maybe you can find a loophole?” he jokes into the microphone.
Now that they’re walking, John can see Sherlock’s whole body. His outfit is to die for: a well fitted, blue shirt that brings out his eyes, a dark blue jeans. John has never seen Sherlock in jeans before. But Jonathan likes to wear denim.
could probably devise a more efficient method of checking out myself. In fact, I have, and it would save us 34,6 seconds on each visit, which amounts to 3,598.4 seconds each year, or approximately one hour. Each year, John, can you imagine what one could accomplish with that kind of time saving? But no, you choose the fourth slowest of all cashiers in this Tesco, that is, assuming the large freckled redhead has been fired since we haven't seen her for three weeks, and why? It's clear. You fancy this one. You smile at her. You once lied that you forgot your Clubcard so she'd have to talk to you longer. You don't have to explain to me about your method of seduction. I'll just use my method of deduction.”
“I better go get Sherlock and Victor to tell them the main course is served. We mustn't let this get cold”, he tells Sarah, and the others, and first and foremost himself.
“Moriarty killed himself,” Sherlock says. “And you wouldn’t care that much about Moriarty. It has to be something else, something more. You’re a proud woman. I took that pride away when I punched in the code to your phone, didn’t I?”
“Oh, what’s it like in your tiny little brains? Must be so relaxing,” She-lock says. “Let’s talk about the elephant in the room. Yes, her boobs. Now, look at them! The size is off by at least two inches. Sure, it’s been hard to keep track of. Michelle hasn’t taken her shirt off since season three. But nevertheless, we’ve gotten some... small…. glimpses… Just look! Really look!”
Irene points at Sherlock’s lips. John groans. The kissing - yes, there might have been some excess saliva. But he was just so overwhelmed with lust. He’s not usually… This little in control. But it’s Sherlock. It’s forbidden fruit that now can finally breach his lips. And yes, his mouth is watering for it.
“Listen, Sherlock Holmes is in mortal danger. For real,” John says. He hears Q’s breath hitch on the other end of the line.
Right before the elevator doors close, Sherlock manages to jump in. He’s panting. He’s still wearing the jeans and blue shirt he was wearing yesterday. That he kissed both Jonathan and John in. That he
But She-lock’s drag is impeccable. It’s the best of the best. It is unique. She’s the only detective drag queen in the world, she invented the style. So she’ll stick it to them all, by winning. Again.
” Phi Phi continues. “After the whole world saw what an asshole she is, nobody wanted anything to do with the asshole she
Behind them, the butler, who was just coming in, screams out in fright. He drops a large cake on the floor.
Sherlock moves on to the introduction text. “God’s love and power extend over all creation. Every life, including our own, is precious to God... Good god, how long is this… Right… We can skip that.. Not necessary… I meant ‘good god’ respectfully of course… Praise Jesus etcetera.”
She’s been expecting him. But she doesn’t turn around, and keeps her focus on the mirror, cleaning her face with a makeup wipe.
She smiles. “Yes, very few people know Doctor Watson’s middle name. Well done, clever boy. Well done.”
The envelope is only a little bit yellowed, so it must have remained untouched for the past two years. But its edges are still rather sharp. Untouched, yet carefully kept safe.
She-lock is getting impatient. It’s not as if she’s asking John to join Trinity’s tuck dynasty. Only some very basic penis origami.
Before things can get out of hand, they start shooting the episode. Each Elphaba is paired with their Glinda, and while the others look on from the wings, they perform their parts.
gotten a chance to get to know me, but you barely talk to me. I wish you all the best though”). John and Sherlock take their respective roses, and retreat to their rooms.
, John had clarified. But dead men don't need books, Sherlock argued, and moreover: perhaps he could learn something from them for a next case.
Jinkx steps forward. She-lock glares at her. Jinkx may act nice, but she’s no BenDeLaCreme. She’s not here to be crowned Miss Congeniality, she’s here to win. The game is on, and she’ll play it hard. When she’s not snoring.
“John,” Sherlock says, like a mother talking to an unreasonable toddler. “Channel Five already invested so much money. They’ve made promos. They have hours of material. And we signed contracts, we’ll be ruined if we don’t see this through.”
“We can stop at any time, you know”, John says. “I don't mind.” He's ignoring his almost painful erection, and tries to sound like a normal, reasonable person.
“This particular challenge I got inspired by a more recent criminal case in London, where a cab driver turned serial killer. They looked like serial suicides, but it turned out he made them swallow poison pills in a sickening game.”
“You two look drop dead gorgeous. And I’m glad to see you finally wearing some boobs, She-lock,” Michelle says. “I like your drag style. Fear the devil inside the drag queen, really.”
-RuDollars: fake money they printed on season 2 to make paper dresses out of (famously they told a poor queen she just won a million dollars... #awkward)
“Oh, you’re early,” She-lock says confidently. “I was just slipping into something more comfortable.”
They dance, and John knows, he will need to wait until the right moment. And stop this before Sherlock goes too far on television.
Sherlock holds onto John’s hands as to a life raft. It’s not so much that the room is spinning. it’s that the room was spinning all along and now has stopped.
They dance, and shine light into the night, and each time Sherlock steps closer, each time he brushes a hand across Jonathan’s upper arm, each time their skin almost touches, he quickly looks back at John and David.
Sherlock looks downright offended. He grabs John’s hand in his hair and manipulates John’s fingers into locking more tightly into his curls. Forcefully, he makes John move Sherlock’s head back to his cock. There, Sherlock breathes his hot breath against John’s glans, close but not closing the gap. Fucking. Tease.
“I certainly disagree often with both of them,” She-lock says, panting now as their dance number comes to an end.
“You’ve… shaved your legs?” She-lock asks. She hasn’t felt this shocked since Roxxxy Andrews landed in the top four.
“Don’t be alarmed, I have a lot of experience taming horses,” he says, and pricks the horse’s side with his heel. It starts following the other two horses, reluctantly.
“Oh! I know exactly what that is,” John says, eyes gleaming like a little boy’s. Sherlock feels a pang of regret. He wishes John looked at his pen like that.
And anyway, She-lock happened to be dressed up as a gorgeous woman, so it was probably the straightest gay kiss in history.
John doubles over, as if he’s been punched in the gut. He holds onto the doorknob for dear life as he feels wave after wave of nausea washing over him, shaking his heart, bitter words foaming at his mouth. Sherlock, for his part - it seemed impossible - pales even more.
“You haven’t realised,” She-lock says. Suddenly she jumps off the bed and heads toward the window. She turns around, before John can ask again - “What?” - and lets her satin dressing gown fall open, revealing her bare chest and tight pants. “That you’re bi.”
Which is odd, coming from Sherlock. He has never seemed insecure about his looks - why would he be? He’s a stunning man, and more than once John has suspected him of taking advantage of it to charm a suspect into confessing.
Sherlock squints, but then catches Lestrade staring. He quickly recovers, and puts a scowling look on John’s face.
As Mycroft walks back to Sherlock, who’s talking to some cops, John stares at them. He feels like he’s been hit for the second time this evening. He watches as Mycroft whispers something in Sherlock’s ear, and Sherlock swats at him as if he were a fly. Mycroft simply straightens his shoulders, sighs importunately and leaves.
You say you'll provide the birdbath / If I provide the skin / And bathing in the moonlight / I'm to tremble like a kitten
“Wear something stunning, okay? This date comes with an overnight sleep in Jonathan’s penthouse,” she winks.
“Does she do it any differently than Sherlock?” Karamo asks. “Is he stepping up as an adult in Rosie’s life?”
Thanks for following along this crazy story with me, it makes me SO happy to see it resonate with you guys.
“How do you know I won’t use this blood against you?” Moriarty says with a wink, as he rubs the substance on her cheek, intensely staring at Sherlock.
A pressing silence falls. John has been very quiet throughout this night, Sherlock notes. He turns to him. His old body is folded between two working tables, and looks up at him.
“No! You jumped off a building because Mister Consulting Detective doesn’t ever fucking consult anyone!”
“Oh honey, I liked you better when you were doing a capella,” Brooke says, drawing gasps from the other judges.
The queen perks up. She and her drag cousin, Philip ‘Pho Pho’ Anderson, are both wearing complicated comic con-esque outfits. They’re also… blue. John frowns. They look like fanart of the Smurfs.
“So, the zoo?” John asks the man. A bit of an odd choice, perhaps. Molly told him Karamo took other candidates on ziplines and nightmare scenarios like yoga class. This seems strangely… normal.
John fingers a frown on his forehead. Sherlock sounds panicky. Surely he must have a plan? He always has a plan.
“The great Sherlock Holmes!”, Sebastian exclaims overly happy as he opens the door. “And his blogger”, he adds, eyeing Sarah from head to toe. He kisses her hand.
John sets his shoulders, resigned. After the leaked massage pictures, John is really the competition Jonathan needs to eliminate. He’d be a fool not to boot John, just for laying a hand on Sherlock.
“John. The newspaper articles have concerned me gravely. Even though I was assured by a close friend of yours, whom I trust, that you have the best of intentions.”
started shooting at us. An overeager extra? You know what they’re like, always trying to get a speaking part.”
For Johnlockers who haven't seen the show, here's a quick vocabulary list you might need for this chapter:
When the lift door opens, they enter a large room full of people. They’re dressed as scientists, straight out of old time films, and are working on different projects. Next to them, a man disappears inside a sofa. A little further, someone shoots some sort of rocket from a leg cast.
Never before has John wielded so much power over Sherlock’s body, and in a way, John enjoys it. Is a bit power hungry, perhaps.
Then, in the back, in a seemingly empty space there are a few polaroids. Sherlock grabs them: they’re familiar. Taken during Christmas last year. He, John and Molly, smiling. Lestrade and Mrs Hudson exchanging gifts. And then, a candid one he hadn’t seen before, of himself, playing the violin. Quite blurry due to the movement. Sherlock frowns. Weird that John would keep such a bad picture.
“Just like before you jumped off St Barts. You didn’t tell me your plan so I didn’t follow it.” He lies down under the sheets. “You’ve got to start letting me in.”
“But before we make our decision,” Ru continues. “I have to ask all of you ladies on the runway… Who deserves to go home tonight?”
Though he has been thinking about it, of course. Since the zoo date with Molly and Karamo, he’s been thinking of little else, actually. If he’s honest with himself, he hasn’t even considered dating, because he’s perfectly happy with Sherlock. And the thought of being with anyone else - or Sherlock being with anyone else - makes his heart hurt.
She-lock has never felt this out of drag before. Even though she’s still in a dressing gown and a pair of red pants - waking up next to John Watson, she feels almost naked. The rest is drag: the queen she is in clubs, the selfies she posts to Instagram, even her television persona in the fitted suit.
“You’re right, it should’ve been called Medium Stars,” Katya says. “By the way, how did it feel to be beat by a queen named Airline?”
In the middle of the room there's a small group of people in their late twenties, early thirties, carrying crystal champagne glasses. So those are Sherlock's old friend's from university. John studies them. They're all expensively dressed, not fit for a murder game at all, and suddenly John feels quite self conscious in his dirty rugby shirt. He stares at the glass that Sebastian has pushed between his fingers. It's got a golden rim. He holds it a bit lower, to make as few smudges as possible.
She-lock picks the fake eyelashes off John’s real ones - he didn’t need them, really. They are naturally stunning.
”, he reads. “That's peculiar, I myself have played rugby there. Been to a small reunion recently, actually.”
It’s clear, however, David is not as dedicated to the story of the song. He keeps looking back and smiling at Jonathan Wilson in the wings. Sherlock notices, and his face grows angry, determined, and not only because Elphaba has just summoned a broom.
“You know, flirting is something people don’t always do with their words, but also with their bodies,” John explains, as he works on the back of Sherlock’s thighs. “For example, you can imply a lot by slowing down as you move further upwards.”
Suddenly, Sherlock presses his mouth against John’s, taking the words right out of him and turning them around. John is startled, and freezes, but then allows Sherlock to press his soft lips harder into him, he allows Sherlock’s hand to wander to his cheek and his thumb to rub across his jaw. A small whimper comes from the back of John’s throat, from his core, as Sherlock licks his way inside his mouth, scratching with his nails against the back of John’s neck. It’s better than John could have ever imagined. Never mind the new furniture, the new clothes. They’re a perfect fit.
Sherlock stares out the window, hands folded behind his back. They’re on the top floor of the hotel, right across from Disneyland’s entrance. He can see people leaving, smiling. Carrying awful balloons with
“There’s a dangerous arms dealer on the loose, and only you can catch him, John Watson. And Sherlock Holmes.”
John can see a cloud move over Sherlock’s face, his bright eyes darkening at once, the corner of his mouth pulling. But he doesn’t fight back, he doesn’t even offer a retort. He just stands there, and takes it.
there, she ushers John to the stage, they’re standing there waiting for their cue to do the choreographed lip-sync, the PA is about to give them the heads up, and then -
“Yes, he’s great. Look at those arms! Oh my god, he is so ripped,” Tan continues. “But I hear you like to make deductions about people. Wouldn’t you agree that the way you dress, the way you present yourself in the world, is important, then?”
“I'm waiting for you to leave the bed, John”, Sherlock says. “Thought it would be better if I gave you some space to do that.”
And in one motion, John moves his penis halfway inside Sherlock, and stays there, sighing, grabbing at Sherlocks shoulders, allowing for Sherlock to adjust to the sensation of something entering his body. It must have been years, for the man. But he can’t wait any longer now. In one swift motion he pushes further, and he's fully inside him.
“You smile as a means of flirting,” Sherlock says, his voice in rapid deductive mode. “We come here twice a week, and usually, you choose this particular till. Is this averagely attractive young lady any faster than the others? Oh please. Even
Just in time. Jonathan has arrived, and takes a seat at the table’s end, between Bainbridge and Magnussen. His back is to the camera. He seems tense, and angry. He stares at the middle of the table, where the newspaper was. Nobody dares to say a word.
Jinkx’ drag sister Dimmock reaches into his bra and triumphantly pulls out a She-lock lipstick. “I figured you’d say that.”
, he tells himself as he rubs his hands together with massage oil, heating it. He knows nothing about giving massages, but he does know about muscles and tendons and anatomy.
He reflects back on the moment he was lying on that pavement, only three days ago - keeping still, keeping his eyes open and unmoving as a dead body would. “Let me through,” he heard John say in desperation. “He’s my friend.”
She-lock looks down. “There was only one thing I loved, and it was wearing my mother’s clothing, trying on her make-up. I studied fashion magazines. I taught myself. I became very, very good at it.”
She-lock brings a finger to her lips - so… remarkably plush - and John nods. They shouldn’t make a sound as to not let their presence known. The balconies are separated by black panels, but clearly not soundproof.
I have to thank my beta 88thparallel once more for all her lovely feedback, encouragements, late night pep talks and corrections. <3
“Sherlock,” he says, softly. “That was the whole point of this. And I realise now that I’ve… put you on the spot, with this. I’ve been letting myself get carried away with this silly reality show. So, please, know that if I have to, I’ll sleep on the couch or ask Mrs Hudson if I can rent 221C, so we can add an extra staircase and an extra bedroom. But… ”
There’s no stopping now. John nudges Sherlock a little further. He eagerly slides his mouth down over John’s penis, taking in more than before, almost touching the back of his throat. Surely, this must be too advanced for Sherlock? Unless he’s been practising? John imagines Sherlock taking a banana inside his mouth, all the way down his throat.
“I did it for Alaska, because she deserves to win, not Jinkx,” Sharon says, turning to Alaska. “I know how sensitive you are for repeats of season 5…”
“You’re about as coherent as the Trixie and Katya show,” She-lock rolls her eyes at the accusations. She? A drama queen? How dare he. She takes Sharon’s drink from her hands and splashes it into Mycroft’s Skype face.
“Look, John, I hear you. And I don’t want to force you into anything you’re not comfortable with. I want to collaborate. I’m not throwing away all your jumpers, I promise. Maybe half. But I brought you here because every man needs a suit.”
He puts his index finger over John’s lips, while using his other hand to rub up and down John’s thighs. John swallows. He should probably put a stop to this, now. With some difficulty, he breathes out.
Jonathan acts surprised, but soon falls into the rhythm. Sherlock, it turns out, is absolutely radiant on the dance floor. John’s breath hitches. Sherlock has control over his body and muscles in ways John hadn’t even imagined (well, especially after the erogenous zones class). Sherlock’s shirt hugs his sides as he lifts his arms, his trousers emphasise the endless length of his legs. He finds the beat, then seems to invent a new beat, and adapts flawlessly to the song playing - ‘Not on Drugs’ by Tove Lo.
“It just… spoke to me. This cab driver, Jeff Hope, managed to kill twelve people before Scotland Yard finally caught him.”
“But that’s not even the real gaggery. You cannot charge me or Sharon with threatening Michelle Visage,” She-lock tells a crowd of queens, policemen and (pit) crew members. “Because Michelle… is not even here.”
“Wasn’t hungry, bitch.” She laughs. “Now go to bed, you’re gonna need your beauty sleep if you wanna defeat me. This is my time, my destiny, I’ve come to collect my crown. Jinkx and Alaska can polish their old ass crown back at home, Sharon can collect hers from Violet Chachki. I’m
“It’s all fine, John. The show’s sponsor is loving it. Anyway. I talked to Jonathan already, he’s keeping you around for today’s dates, so please, do whatever you can to convince him those touches meant nothing.”
The three shopping bags are left at the door while John walks up and down the living room. Sherlock is crouched in his chair, hands folded, fingertips nearly touching.
John’s left eyelid is now also nude. Beautiful. But the blue around his irises is slowly killing She-lock, piercing through her.
John sighs, and joins Lestrade back into the work room. There, RuPaul has just finished her round of interrogations and is headed up the fake stairs out.
“We’d like to know where to find the golden boy,” John continues, avoiding the name ‘Sebastian Moran’, but he’s the elephant in the room.
John’s balls contract, and he can’t stop himself, the second it builds it’s already too late. He comes hard inside Sherlock’s mouth. Even though John’s eyes are already closed, he still sees stars as he braces his shaking legs against wave after wave after wave. Sherlock keeps swallowing, lips tight around his cock, until finally, John stills, out of breath.
“I knew you’d peek under your blindfold, Mycroft,” Sherlock says. “You’re really the worst at playing blindfolded. So I’ve slightly altered some of the moves you’ve made this entire game. The pawns are not where you think they are. And now you’ve touched your rook. Where will you take it? It’s not even in that line. Go back in your mind, Mycroft. Where’s your rook? Do you see how you’ve lost this game? Do you see my next move? There’s
John turns his chair toward him. Sherlock stops breathing all at once, and stands straight. Like a soldier, saluting.
John hangs his head. He is angry, but he is also defeated. With one move. He raises his left hand to Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock whimpers, fighting hard to not cry, but when John rubs his thumb across the wetness, Sherlock breaks.
' – is even more sappy. Céline Dion tries her best, but really, this show is most likely a sinking ship.
Sherlock glances back, at John's crotch, eyes flashing with a mixture of pure, dripping horniness and a hint of fear.
Sherlock swallows. He is not going along for the fake cremation. It really is his last chance to say something to John. To look at him. To stop him hurting. But he can’t blow his cover. He
“How do you feel about our dance later?” She-lock asks John as she’s letting the makeup cook before blending.
Sherlock lifts his eyebrows in surprise, and looks from John's hand – touching him – to his face, to the small towel wrapped around his waist, back to his face.
She-lock is pale and hairless and agile and slim and tall - courtesy of those smooth and never-ending legs. She is beauty, she is grace. She is… very much
“No,” Brooke Lynn says, making sure the cameras catch her winking playfully at Vanjie, who’s sitting miserably at the side of the stage with the rest while She-lock and John get their time onstage to practise. “She has to dance, she’s your family.”
“It’s part of drag culture,” Dimmock says. “Made famous by the 90s documentary ‘Paris is burning’. RuPaul borrowed countless elements from it, to make this over-the-top, camp reality show.”
She-lock slowly rubs the lipstick off John’s lips, a memory stirring. She wipes a cloth along the edges, daring them to move, yet somehow unable to hear it.
He could leave now. Easily. And if he doesn’t, couldn’t that be easily attributed to the two(-ish) beers he had? He supposes it could. He is a little buzzed, after all.
“Like a puppy, isn’t he?” Irene smiles. Then her smile drops. “You’re wrong. I did care about Moriarty. Before he died we… grew closer. A lot closer.”
John glances sideways. Wilson is steadily bumping into Sherlock, following the horse’s pace. But their humping is a lot more pronounced than the way Magnussen is bumping against John. Sherlock is smiling.
Egged on by that, John devotes himself to the earlobe. Flicks it with his hot tongue. Meanwhile, his fingers pull Sherlock’s nipple a little harder.
“Why don’t you keep your orange little mouth shut for once,” She-lock hisses. “You’re lowering the IQ of the whole hallway. And we’ve got
He motions to a nearby rock, but John doesn’t move. “You seem unhealthily obsessed with Sherlock, mate. Have you considered therapy instead of a cock laser?”
with him? John blinks. Ever since Jeanette dumped him on Christmas Eve, he hasn’t dated anyone. Which now makes… about seven months. Wow. He’d never noticed, being so caught up in solving cases with Sherlock. Most of his nights he was occupied anyway - trying to make Sherlock watch proper films.
As Sherlock pounds into him more erratically, kisses his neck softly, bites into his shoulder - John’s face crumples. He wraps his arms around Sherlock more tightly, whispering in his ear, urging him to go harder, go deeper. He feels his whole body fill with warmth, with lust and tenderness all at once.
“Just keep it simple and even, use long strokes like this, and Wilson will love it,” John says, feeling a little weirded out. He has massaged girlfriends before, but never a man. Never… Sherlock.
“Oh.” Sherlock ponders on this for a minute, then decides to pretend the silence is not his own doing. “Take your time, my son.”
They move on to Miss Vanjie Matteo, and her rather large drag... aunt rather than sister, Miss Come-into-my-vanjie.
Latrice takes seven minutes to get her shoes back on, and they all head back to the runway. They’re instructed to stand just as before - John slowly shuffles next to She-lock.
“Most likely it's an empty threat,” Lestrade says. He clears his throat. “But yes. According to Sherlock, this can go three ways. Possibly it's an empty threat, a prank of sorts.
But this John seems interested in who She-lock is. Who she truly, really is. John didn’t know about Drag Race before. He’s not a fan, he doesn’t seem to objectify her. He probably hasn’t even heard of Reddit. He has caught wind of her reputation on set, but doesn’t seem to care. He wants… perhaps. He wants?
“It’s all very straightforward, sir. Just step up here and whip your cape all over the mechanics so the audience doesn’t see it when you rise. The fabric is the same as your costume’s, so it creates the illusion of a huge skirt that grows as you rise into the air. When you’re inside, just use your back to press on that lever over there, so it closes you in around your waist. Only when the bars are closed properly, the lift will start to rise.”
“From the crotch down, you’re a star. But you should’ve bought a better breast plate…. BenDeLa!” She-lock says.
“Yes, Sherlock’s fine. For example, he bought rounded furniture after our flat exploded. And when I cut him out of my life because my retired secret agent wife got killed protecting him, he still came by and asked after her. I know he loves Rosie.”
“You want me to kick that fancy doctor’s ass?” She asks, defiantly. Then, mumbling dreamily: “Or perhaps that producer’s ass.”
Sherlock’s bottom lip drops, and he licks his tongue across it. Then, Sherlock leans in, buries his face in John’s shoulder.
“You’re not only… criminally attractive,” he says. “But you’re also incredibly smart. Have you ever considered going into police work? The way you solved that case…”
Sherlock remembers how Mycroft had made him shave his hair off, the day before he left for his first mission, in Belarus. He needed to look more hardened. And he did. Every time he’d look in the mirror, he’d tell himself. Man up.
John would probably describe himself as broken, imperfect. But Sherlock doesn’t think so. John is absolutely stunning. His back is muscled and strong, and every scar makes him only more interesting. Sherlock would like to thoroughly study his every mole, every soldier’s mark. He lowers his trembling hands, disbelieving he is really allowed to touch this soft, rough, beautiful, scarred man before him.
When the train slows down further, Sherlock pulls both of them up and points to an emergency exit hatch in the ceiling, that’s placed there in case the train derails. He holds out both hands for John to step on. John hoists their bags up and out, and then himself.
As Sherlock tucks him in, John looks up and can’t stop himself from giggling. But he must be careful, on alert, still. He mustn’t show how much he loves this man.
It must be difficult to be a virgin in your thirties, after all. People expect you to be fully skilled by then, especially in the gay community, John reckons. And for Sherlock it is perhaps even harder. For Sherlock, who is so proud of his mind being greater than anyone’s, it must be humiliating that there is something he’s an absolute beginner at. So, from a theoretical point of view, he can understand Sherlock’s morning request, however clumsily phrased.
“I agreed to it, though. I did it. I jumped. And then the lie was told. There was no way back, however hard I wished for it. I haven’t slept since… When I close my eyes, I hear you say the words, as you ran to my body,
panicked when she found a pair of drag queen boobs under her hotel room pillow, stabbed to deflation.
The Pit Crew members start handing out small iPods and sheets with the lyrics. John seems uncomfortable with the half-naked men, but She-lock ignores it. She doesn’t have time to sort out all his
John starts eating a pancake grumpily, which quickly seems to alleviate his mood. He even helps himself to a second and third serving.
Sherlock’s eyes are cold. He tries to turn away his face, but John stops him with his hand. “A gift for me?”
EDIT: a lot of people have shared their thoughts on this question (thank you!). Clearly this work is not dub con but i’ve decided to tag ‘mentions of dub con in the past’ because of the Victor stuff,  so people don’t get accidentally triggered. <3
Since John is still fucking Sherlock’s mouth, he impales himself a little on Sherlock’s finger. It shoves a few inches inside him.
,” Sherlock says. “There’s a lot you don’t know about me. That you should know about me. You’ve barely scratched the surface.”
“Two non-queens stand before me,” RuPaul says. “The time has come to lip-sync… for someone else’s legacy!”
When he arrives, John startles. It’s so beautiful. Bobby’s really outdone himself and created an amazing room for Rosie. The wallpaper is light blue with pink, blooming flowers, there are open shelves with toys on them, there’s a little desk she can use as she grows older. Her white, neat bed is adaptable as she grows, the sheets are colorful and happy. A perfect girls’ room.
“Why did you kill yourself in front of me, Sherlock?” John repeats the question slowly. If he didn’t know any better, it would seem like Sherlock flinched with each word.
, might be good word to describe it. If he should blog about it. Not that he would. Could alienate his readership.
Slowly, Sherlock removes his finger and mouth. John lets go of his curls. He rests his chest on the wooden desk, eyes pinched closed, hands next to his head. His cock is still hanging out, pants and trousers are still halfway down. He’s too exhausted to care.
But Sherlock is already running to John. He frantically touches John’s legs to feel for a wound. Panicky, Sherlock searches every area of John’s calves, knees, thighs. The touches make John’s eyes watery once more. He means to say: there is a wound. There are many wounds.
“Finally some guest judges I’ve heard of,” Dimmock mutters next to John. “But too bad Santino isn’t here. He does a really good Tim Gunn impression.”
John clenches his teeth. It’s a disturbing memory, really. His father used to come home drunk, and he’d take the beatings so Harry and his mom would be spared. The next day, his mother would tentatively make pancakes, as an unspoken apology.
Plastered over the steamy photos are screaming headlines: FORBIDDEN HARD-ONS ON ‘WILSON NEEDS A HEART’. EXCLUSIVE: SET SEX SCANDAL.
“If you’re talking about masturbation, John, I know of it and I try to do it efficiently and as little as possible.”
“Errrrr… I’m just replacing Michelle while she’s recovering from her breasts-just-a-bit-more-surge-again-ry,” BenDeLa stutters. “I was only trying to be congenial.”
The 'Bond case' really gets started, it's glorious and fun, and John can't believe his luck. Or are the cards stacked against them?
Seven people are already in the room, most of them standing around the green table. John surveys them quickly. There are three heavy-set men, probably bodyguards of sorts. Two women in short dresses, one blonde and grumpy-looking, and one with short, curly black hair. Two men are playing Texas Hold ‘em.
He puts his foot softly on the gas, and it’s… it’s pure sex. He pulls onto the road, leaving the waving secretary behind without a second glance. Driving this beautiful vehicle feels like sliding a sharp knife into a sweet pie. It’s smooth, it’s manly, it’s...
Sherlock joins them. They’re now the only three people left in the room. It’s still dark outside, but the sounds of traffic have intensified, early workers driving and making their presence known to those who care to listen, like a rustling inside a shell.
very curious about how such a bodyswap could ever be physically possible. Is his spirit running on John’s brain? Does this mean there are such things as ghosts?
The silence in the small, dark, frankly rancid-smelling booth is deafening. But John doesn’t drop his gaze. No. That’s not what he came here for.
Next, Sharon Needles gets mixed reviews for the witchy drag outfits she threw together for her and her drag sister, Sticky Needles.
A thunder rolls. The song starts playing. She-lock doesn’t only remember every word, she remembers every damn beat, from lying next to John half the night and listening to it on repeat.
She-lock keeps lip-syncing. No words would be able to come out her throat anyway. She can’t even see the judges, against the blinding lights. She can’t see - she can only feel. But her body keeps moving.
Sherlock starts moving his lips again, but his heart is not in it anymore. He keeps looking up, while he should be looking down at Glinda and the guards - played by members of the actual ensemble.
“What, why, you better not be coming for me, I love Adore but that bitch is whiter than a queen’s post Drag Race teeth, she looks like she’s been dead since the nineties.”
John studies the images carefully. She-lock definitely seems to be Ru’s favourite. The presenter is watching him with especially hungry eyes.
She’s good at feigning feelings, John notes. That’s… concerning. He should be more aware of how much danger he could be in, right now.
John slowly works on Sherlock’s back, kneading tissue, loosening muscles, until he’s soft and pliant. Like smoothing a crumpled piece of paper.
As they bicker, She-lock catches a confused look from John. He leans forward. “Alyssa Edwards is a past queen and also a choreographer. Of sorts. For children. She has her own television show about it, Dancing Queen. It made me
Sarah returns with the coats, and hands Sherlock his Belstaff. It wakes him up from his stupor, and with trembling hands he takes it, gets up, and tentatively puts a hand on John's shoulder.
Mycroft begrudgingly leads them a little further, to a small table with a suitcase on it. Q opens it.
“Right. Don’t just take it all in in one go, okay? Why don’t you start with rubbing the head against the outline of your lips, and taking it in your mouth a little in between. This will also…”
“Oh, I can just see the obituary already,” Moriarty gloats. “British secret service agent and his collaborator, John Watson, were found dead this morning in Disneyland. What a magical place to die.”
Sherlock turns up his coat collar and takes a seat next to him. “Let’s go, 009,” he says with a twinkle in his eye.
points to one of the large, pink boxes in the workroom. Latrice is currently leaning over it, reaching in.
John's fist is nervously opening and closing. Across the table, Sarah shares a knowing look with him.
At that moment, a tranquilizer dart flies past John’s head and gets stuck in a nearby bush. John pales. “That’s… That was a real…”
“Oh, you had a dog?”, Sarah unhelpfully asks. John remembers to smile kindly at the woman. He hopes she doesn’t notice what's exactly going on beneath the table cloth. Not that there's anything bad going on or something. Just regular old hetero bro soothing.
“No, you’re right, I’m sorry.” Jonathan sighs. “I feel like I haven’t gotten to know you well enough yet. I mean, three days ago I thought you were straight.”
beautiful, Sherlock”, John says, and in that moment he's not Victor at all, but John Watson, wondering if they'd better stop, if this is too unhealthy. “I thought so from the moment I met you, when I saw you at Saint Bart's”, he says, to make sure Sherlock knows it's him, not Victor, who likes him, who might even –
“Hell to the N.O., I use conditioner,” Jonathan says. “But we could frame a The Ring movie poster if you really insist.”
“I'll start”, Sebastian takes charge of the conversation. “My name is Mike Sholmes, and I'm the victim's older brother.”
“The production company, HeartBeat Films, sent me this teaser trailer they'd released a few weeks ago, to find contestants. I mean,
John gathers his courage and walks to one of the doors. “You ready, agent 0028?” he asks, opening it.
Sherlock repeats the motion counterclockwise, making sure to put an even pressure on the scar, then moves back to John’s other shoulder. He traces his spine, while his own heart beats heavily in his throat, from John’s neck to where his back disappears into his trousers, then back up again.
“A… a bloodbath?” John asks, frowning. Something seems to shift in his attitude. “What… How would you… Why would you say ‘bloodbath’?”
As Sherlock steps nearer, he realises to his horror that most of these people are journalists and cameramen. Right. His reputation is still on the pavement of St Bart’s -
John could escape now, he supposes, lying there. From the open window, a cold breeze tickles his exposed behind. He’s still wearing his jacket, though, so that helps against the cold. And it feels kind of… nice. His cock would say. If it could speak. (A mouthful.)
“Now, show us your bedroom,” Tan tells John, gently nudging his arm. Sherlock glares at the gorgeous man.
. He can't sit next to Sarah anymore, only opposite her, next to Sherlock. The detective is flanked on the other side by Victor, or better: Henry Weston, James Weston's twin brother. Victor sits upright and smiles broadly at Sam en Sandy opposite them, who seem to be cut out of a catalogue and have just about as much personality as a collage. On opposite ends of the table, the host and hostess sit, Seb and Penelope.
“Well, don’t you think there are more pressing issues?” Sherlock asks, openly rubbing John’s hair now, trying not to purr.
“... So, in short, it’s time to return to the most important case of them all: the case of Sherlock’s heart,” Mary says. “Or will it be John’s or David’s?”
John lets himself fall on top of Sherlock's back and together they lie exhausted. Their breaths slowly merge, and John extracts himself, yet stays close, and hugs Sherlock, spoons him. Sherlock sighs, and seems to let himself relax completely in his arms.
As he pinches Sherlock’s nipple, he moves his head upwards. There’s near terror on Sherlock’s face as John gets near it, but then he takes a left turn to his earlobe. He kisses it softly, then takes it into his mouth.
Ru leaves, and the queens take their new family to their work stations to get to know them. She-lock turns to her assignment. It’s more painful than ripping off tit tape -
He looks up, straight into the eyes of a very confused looking Lestrade. The detective inspector sits in fifth row, next to Mrs Hudson, who looks a sobbing mess. Great. Now even the non-John side isn’t safe.
She-lock puts her empty cocktail glass on the table, and lies down on the sofa. She stretches her feet and folds her hands in front of her face.
Irene drops a map - no, an anatomy drawing - of a naked, male body. With a cut-out picture of Sherlock’s head glued on top.
For Sherlock too, this feels like summoning a ghost. The Sherlock John once knew, died a long time ago. This Sherlock cannot be anymore, the Sherlock who brought pain and sadness upon everyone he knew, the Sherlock who endangered the lives of the people who thought of him as a… friend.
The secretary hands John the car keys, and it feels like accepting the crown of a faraway country. Carefully, he weighs the keys in his hands. It’s been a while since he’s driven a car. He doesn’t need one, living in London.
John’s eyes fill up with moisture, but he clears his throat and Sherlock is not even sure anymore - it could have been just a flick of the light. His mind playing tricks.
No, this is about something bigger. After She-lock won Drag Race UK, it divided the world. Many queens shunned her because they didn’t deem her “nice enough”. Even bloody Tyra Sanchez. The fans revolted. They made online campaigns that they’d rather have Lady Bunny as their reigning queen than She-lock. They demanded a Dragxit vote.
Bastard treats even Disneyland as part of the Commonwealth. But there is clearly no other option than blatant denial.
He demonstrates the movement, and thrusts against Sherlock. Sherlock’s curls bounce up and down with each thrust. He grunts.
After they wrap up Mary’s explanation, Jonathan leaves with Magnussen to do an activity called ‘go ape’, an adventure course with a zip line finale. John giggles at the thought. Definitely a short straw kind of situation.
John joins She-lock on the balcony. She’s deep in thought, staring into a distance John doubts contains any buildings, or streets or car sounds.
Sherlock steeples his hands together. “I wonder what this all means,” he tries to humour him. Put him on the wrong scent.
“The fish seem bigger because of a magnifying effect in the glass,” Sherlock says. John shoots him an angry look. Nope. Not helping.
“And I'm Mrs. Thames, Herlock's young and hot landlady”, Penelope says. Sherlock flashes her a quick smile, probably just to rile Sebastian up.
“I must admit, I quickly googled you on my phone after our meeting. You do lead a very interesting life. You were even dead for a while, it seems. That one took me by surprise. Sounds dangerous.” A weary smile. “Maybe too dangerous?”
“Right,” She-lock says, already envisioning the meatiest tuck in the world. She turns around. “Now… take off your pants, too. Grab that roll of tucking tape hanging to your left. Carefully take a hold of your… army rifle, and pull it back as far as you can. Then… tape it stuck there.”
Rather suddenly, Sherlock adds another finger, and John instinctively tries to pull away for a second.
Flabbergasted, John throws his hotel room’s door closed in Sherlock’s face. Not exactly the morning greeting he was expecting. Perhaps some room service would have been a better idea. What
“Excuse me, we originated the language,” She-lock says, adding for good measure: “I know the Queen’s English, you only know drag queen English.”
“I thought you were a military man,” Sherlock pants, leaning over the edge of the building and trying to pull - himself? – up by the arms. “You should… really… exercise… more.”
BenDeLa is wiping away a tear, Ru’s tape is ripping harder than for Aquaria. That’s how hard John is hitting those judges.
Well, he supposes that’s off the table now. Good… good… Definitely, 100 percent good. Not one doubt about it.
Mycroft’s mouth twitches in anger, and he lifts his blindfold. He motions to the chess board. “The way is not blocked, it’s right there.”
“John, I know you already have a lot of excitement in your life. First in the army, and now with Sherlock solving cases,” Karamo says. “I want to show you ways to relax, without letting the comfort of domesticity feel like a threat.”
You couldn’t get out of the army part, as that’s how you lot were introduced; but you want to hide your doctor part. Why? Fascinating.”
It’s a tiny room, but neat. A double bed, an old brown wardrobe, and a cot up against the wall. John oversees it proudly. It’s simple, but efficient. Like John.
Sherlock quickly disrobes, down to his tight blue underwear, and puts his neatly folded clothes on a chair nearby.
Mycroft catches Irene in his arms as she grows more and more weak. “The thing about a reality show, Miss Adler,” he says, “is that Big Brother is always watching.”
Sherlock looks down, feeling slightly embarrassed. They’re still on the hospital roof, the wind blowing hard against his cheeks.
They stand up. Oh, perhaps She-lock could take John to that nice Italian place across from the recording studios. She perks up as she thinks about it.
John puts his hand over his mouth. Judging from the annoyed look on his face, Sherlock can hear him giggling into the microphone.
“Good?” John folds his arms behind his back. “Sherlock. That man's life is in danger. He deserves to know.”
Janine winks at him. “Intrigue, romance, jealousy. Hushed whispers, forbidden touches on the massage table. We almost don’t need a murder anymore.”
“Before inviting you for tonight's Murder Mystery, I've sent all of you the names of your characters and a short discription. However, in these envelopes I've included a few more details that you're meant to keep to yourself, and that you can use for your character. Including whether you are the killer or not.” He smirks. “Please only open the envelopes after the murder has happened, though.”
Sherlock has turned his back on him now, bending over to pick up his fake beard. But when John puts a hand between his shoulder blades to encourage him to hurry up, Sherlock welps a little.
None of that. John relaxes his shoulders, shuffles forward and bends over. Only then Sherlock notices his shoes seem bolted to the floor. He cannot run. And now John is so close, he could easily tilt him over. Into the shelves. Everything that was carefully kept in jars, destroyed.
John eyes the dark-haired woman with the rather large chest. She’s got nothing on She-lock’s natural beauty though.
It’s true: she did meet up with a lot of men back in the day. When she was still using. She was going out of her mind, living alone in London, not talking to anyone. Not really. She craved the companionship, even for a night. She was Katya’ing all over the city.
Janine joins them. She slaps them on the backs. “Let’s wrap this up, shall we. We’re already running late on schedule.”
leotard,” She-lock says. “Now, let’s move on to Latrice. The Roxxxy of All Stars 4. Why are you here? To make it clear? I thought your wedding was paid for.”
Sherlock puts his cards on the table. Four of a Kind. Quite high up. Sherlock grins. “Time to show me the gold.”
Sherlock removes the empty teacup, tries to keep his fingers from shaking. This is fine. John won’t recognise him. It’s been such a long time. He probably barely remembers him.
Probably it’s for the best to put a stop to it now, John reckons. They went too far, last night. John needs to step away and allow this all to naturally happen.
“That’s what I base all of my drag on. Usually murders, but I’ve been known for my fabulous extortion creations and my fierce fraud drag ball looks as well. I’m very conceptual, so don’t think I’ll put you in a caftan and be done with it.”
Sherlock motions with John’s hands, mimicking the movement ‘John’ should make up there. As he turns the corner, he frantically points at the huge inflatable landing cushion his homeless network has carried there, and mimes falling onto it as best as he can.
The room feels strangely quiet. On the couch, Jonathan Wilson lies, sleeping. Further away, in the bathroom, the sound of a shower running. And loudest of all, John’s heartbeat, still catching up with him.
“You must be John Watson and Sherlock Holmes,” the actor playing Q says. “I’m here to give you a technical briefing on your mission.”
John pulls back, and looks at She-lock’s lips. She-lock brings her hand to them: John’s thick lipstick has spread to her lips, a little.
Just a few hours ago, on that balcony… She didn’t mean to go this deep with John. Well, at least not figuratively.
“Hello… patient,” Sherlock greets her hesitantly, slapping a stethoscope around his neck for effect. Should he have known the name of this woman? Is she a regular client?
Vanjie: “She-lock, bitch. You give so much face. No, literally. Your face looks pressed like a panini. Your body is only face, legs and arsehole. And that’s a stretch.”
John finds Sherlock in his dressing room, still in full costume, arms gripping either side of the small table. He’s trembling in front of the mirror. John quietly closes the door behind him, and removes his headset.
At one point in this chapter, she wrote this awesome note in the margins: "How do I translate the noise I just made? What sound would a small animal make after it’s been hit by a car and then the car backs up and rolls over it again and then someone walks over and insults its taste in music and then it starts to rain? That noise."
Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... John fell asleep in She-lock's hotel room. Suddenly, someone knocked on the door to say Michelle Visage is unconscious.
In the background, John can see Alaska only briefly looking up, face unreadable. She remains quietly focused on her work.
He thinks of Jonathan. If he imagines Doctor Wilson doing this with Sherlock, tomorrow after the wedding, or a little further down their relationship, if they should pursue one - it hurts like a thousand needles being stuck in his heart. And if John is painfully honest with himself, doing this tonight with Sherlock, would feel like a small victory over Jonathan. That he, at least, shared this most intimate of moments, even if it’s just once; that it was before Jonathan.
As a Sherlock-shaped figure keeps struggling in his harness just below the edge of the rooftop, the actual Sherlock glances at his homeless network, now pointing and scratching their heads. Not very good for his street credibility, this.
“Wake up! I - meaning you - have to go to work! I have a shift at the practice today and I don’t plan on losing my job!” John says.
… that hot breath against his neck… Sherlock moves his hips so John’s cock slides against the hot fist wrapped around it, seeking friction, seeking more.
That seems to throw Sherlock. He clears his throat. “I spent the last two years destroying that network from the inside out. It cost time, and money. It cost more than you can imagine, John.”
“A bit, yes,” Sherlock says. “Though the network really did pay for a show, and not all participants were malicious. Irene Adler was just the sponsor. The puppetmaster behind the scenes.”
He gets as far as the toilet. There, another man jumps on them, knocking John towards the vestibule doors.
“Sherlock was basically touching John’s dick in the clothing store with me, so I’m pretty confident,” Tan says.
Then, he looks behind him, and startles. Where Moriarty’s body should be lying, there’s only a pool of blood left.
Thirteen minutes have passed since they disappeared to the bedroom, but they feel more like seven years. Years full of smalltalk about the fake, boring murder case, about finances, about some prank they pulled in their master's after which nothing else of interest ever happened in their lives. Hence this dinner.
Irene looks over to John. “The poor sod. How long did it really take you to figure it all out, Sherlock? How long have you made him suffer through all this, for nothing?”
“How would I know your address?” Sherlock says, following John quickly up the stairs. “Easy, I’m a psychic.”
“Don't be absurd, John.” Sherlock scoffs. “I'll have found the killer by the first commercial break.”
Sherlock leans against the large, oak desk in the middle of the office. There’s still an outdoorsy blush on Sherlock’s cheeks, but he’s no longer grinning like a schoolboy.
John turns on the bedside lamp and sits up. The light, though dim, brings him a little more into the present. He looks Sherlock up and down.
“And anyway, we’re close to catching him. I just know we are,” Sherlock says, fingertips touching his lips. “Want to know why? He’s panicking. He’s on my trail. I don’t know how, but he’s onto me, he knows I’m after him.”
Special thanks to the lovely and charming jobooksncoffee for coining the term 'dicktective drag' in the comments a few chapters back. :D
There’s a short beat, but then they both start giggling. Oh Lord. She-lock can’t help it, she’s bending double, wiping tears from her eyes.
No, She-lock is probably being professional, and very non-caring about John in general. Not that John is concerned about that. Sir, no sir.
But there is just a little bit too much intonation on the 'love'. Next to him, Sarah smiles, and John squeezes her hand.
“Are you kidding?” Janine says. “I hope he stays. It’ll be bloody good for the ratings. With or without an actual murder. Closer, you little fucker!”
John swallows hard, but remains silent. Lord almighty. She-lock surely won’t have to spell it out for her … right?
“Now,” Mary turns to Jonathan, “you get first pick, of course. Who would you like to get back on your horse with? Who might be your prince on a white horse? Who whips up your enthusiasm?”
John freezes. His fingertips burn on the inside of Sherlock’s legs. But he can’t will them to move. Is Sherlock asking this from a scientific point of view? Just a purely theoretical question? Sherlock has stopped breathing, it seems. Are John’s hands trembling, or are Sherlock’s legs?
It sounds strange - Sherlock has heard his own voice calling himself a sociopath many times, but never in this tone.
John nods. They ride in silence. Small waves die on the sides of their boat, providing a soothing, steady rhythm. Then, Jonathan turns to him, looking pensive. He leans forward, and pushes his lips onto John’s.
It’s fascinating how She-lock walks, John notes. Like he owns the place, but due to the high heels, with a certain amount of vulnerability.
With a wink, Sherlock quickly disappears through a side door. Inside, people have spread out in small huddles among the pews. It’s a rather small church, he regretfully notes. Did mummy think few people would show up? Rude.
hobby then, after all, Sherlock deduces. As Wiggins slaps two shades of foundation on him and starts sculpting a new man out of him, he closes his eyes.
The five men laugh and exit excitedly to ring the doorbell. Before they have a chance, the door swings open, revealing a broadly smiling Mrs Hudson.
When they’re gone, John runs back to the door. Locked. What happened? Why did they all leave? Is Sherlock… No. He can’t allow himself to think it.
For a second, the floor seems to fall away underneath John’s feet. Was everything filmed by production? Are there cameras in their individual hotel rooms?
She can’t stand being here much longer. She gets up close to Phi Phi, and points to her upper lip. “For your information, that’s not a rash, but a herpes sore.”
John and She-lock bow to each other as the first notes start. Formally, almost. Then, they approach, each one hand raised at the other but not quite yet touching fingers. Twirling, though, that they do.
“Sherlock. You can’t leave now and let that man be murdered. People will know you just… walked away.”
“... and then only won because it fit into the narrative of casting Alaska for next season,” She-lock continues. “Tell me, how does it feel to have reality TV ruin your relationship?”
“Stop dragging the vicar to the back of the church,” Sherlock hisses, “it makes me look unprofessional.”
Sherlock slips a tight packet of money in the man’s breast pocket. Vacuum sealed, John wonders? He tries not to laugh at the absurdity of it all.
John giggles. Look at that amazing man organising a funny James Bond case for his birthday. A casino, a chase on a train - classic Bond. Bloody brilliant.
Sherlock sips John’s tea. His plate is empty, and he’s not even paying attention to the ridiculously lavish buffet near them.
is more important than my best friend” - John points angrily at, well, himself - “trying to trick me into thinking he’s dying.”
Soon, the three horses are walking next to each other, with Jonathan and Sherlock’s horse in the middle. Behind them and in front of them, cameramen in golf carts follow them. It feels very awkward, and very forced. Magnussen is eerily quiet, behind John. Holding the reins tightly.
Sherlock shoots him a look, and suddenly, they’re both giggling on the pavement. John wipes a tear from his eye.
“Sherlock...”, John admonishes him, but then he quickly shuts up as he sees what's in Sherlock's palm, what was hidden in the salmon.
It’s well into the morning hours when finally, he has a breakthrough. Much to the mice’s pleasure, it seems. One of them suddenly knows his way around a familiar labyrinth again - meaning he’s quite himself again.
John squirts some shampoo in his palm and starts massaging his scalp. The rose ceremony will start soon and he knows Jonathan wants to throw out Bainbridge for stabbing him in the back with Jonathan Smalls.
To all you 'normal' (extraordinary) folks out there: also sorry. 88thparallel - the best beta anyone could wish for and I don't know what I did to deserve her - wrote in the notes to this chapter: "This is the moment I hand my heart over to you as the admission fee to this rollercoaster of a tale, and you look at me, smile, and place it right on the track under the wheel of the train. When I get back I’ll scrape it all up with a shovel and bucket and ask to ride again. HOW THE HELL DO YOU DO THIS TO ME?"
The right corner of Sherlock’s mouth moves upwards. A glint in his eye. “Can you show me how to do it?”
John picks up the chair, and moves it back to its position. He leans on it, and Sherlock can’t help but admire John’s strong arms holding it, gripping it so tight -
John is wiping tears from his eyes by the time they start preparations for Sherlock and David’s performance.
Jonathan rises and leaves the restaurant without looking twice at the buffet. John can relate. He, too, is not hungry anymore.
-Snatch Game: a RuPaul challenge where queens impersonate celebrities during a parody of The Match Game
Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... The queens read each other to filth. Jinkx won that mini challenge. Now, it's time for the main challenge: a make-over. John Watson and the rest of Scotland Yard are on their way to the 'werk room'...
Sherlock, now, is truly alone. His knees start to buckle, and he lets himself fall on John’s pew, knowing that no prayer will help him now.
Sherlock Holmes?”, John says, and he takes a few steps closer, past the soft, luxury double bed. His eyes are squinting, his body is tight like an elastic band, and he's waiting for the slightest sign. The lightest nod will make him snap.
Meanwhile, Bobby grabs the pillow on Sherlock’s chair. “Let’s just all agree this British flag pillow needs to go, though.”
John watches as his own right hand automatically, as if on cue, lifts to those lovely curls – he's always wanted to touch them, mess them up. Softly, he places his fingers in Sherlock's hair.
Alaska gets herself a kind looking, silver fox. Lucky her - Jinkx has longtime forgiven all Rolaskatox issues from the past. Sharon, Latrice and Phi Phi get some rather twinky soldiers and their bookies. Vanjie gets awarded the biggest man of the bunch - tougher to put in a leotard. Shade.
is being investigated, at least? Sherlock's a detective, for Christ's sake. And it's not like he can hide it.”
Thank you all so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed it. It's been over a year since I've written fic... It feels great (and scary) to be back.
“I just want to put him out of his misery,” Irene says, pouting. “Because you’ve been making him deliciously miserable, haven’t you? It’s been frightfully amusing to watch.”
“That massage oil…” John continues. He can’t stop. “You must have felt… You must have! And this whole birthday charade… Don’t tell me..."
Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... Jinkx put John and She-lock together for the make-over assignment. They were bonding, until suddenly, Vanjie yelled she found a body.
Meanwhile, a PA has started wheeling the box away. In the distance, Shangela can still be heard calling.
In three fast steps, Sherlock has reached the table and he closes the laptop. Underneath his hand the computer's light shivers, like a soft sleepy breathing pattern, up and down.
Victor shifts slightly in his seat. John shoots him a poisonous look, but decides not to pursue that path.
Sherlock pulls John on his lap and throws his scarf on the ground himself, exposing his long, pale neck. Sherlock locks his arms around John, keeping him in place. John hesitates. How intoxicated is Sherlock? He’s not acting like he normally does. But he hasn’t had that many drinks, and he doesn’t seem to slur his words too much.
“Just find me an easy case. A two at most. We’ll make it more elaborate than it has to be. A real puzzle for him, an action-adventure. Make him think he’s tackling a case for MI6. You know you owe me after Irene Adler, Mycroft. You and the Queen.”
He can’t help but be a bit disappointed, though. This might be the only time he’ll ever be granted access to John’s body. With a lingering sense of loss, he leans over and slowly inhales. Lavender, mixed with everything
Ru’s tone sounds rather regretful. She-lock is not surprised: as far as she knows, Latrice doesn’t know much about nursing. Except perhaps burn wounds.
Bainbridge has gone from pale to crimson red now. He stands up at once and points his blunt butter knife at Magnussen.
She fiddles with her napkin. She might not be as self assured as she's leading on. Might she be the killer? John squints. Can he even trust
John traces the scar up to the curve of Sherlock’s neck, where he doesn’t dare to go further. He moves a little closer. There’s darkness around him, inside him, a longing - he dare not speak its name.
He demonstrates by placing both his hands on Sherlock’s legs, and sliding sensually, almost breathtakingly slowly upwards. Christ. Sherlock is so smooth, so soft and beautiful. John feels a slight shiver in his own legs.
“Oh, you know, he was a complete wanker even then”, Victor says. Is the bloke wearing eyeliner, John suddenly wonders, or are his lashes just naturally so dark? Victor touches Sherlock's sleeve playfully. He's stock-still.
Mycroft grabs Sherlock by the arm again and pushes him to the obscured part beneath Jesus, as Eric Clapton wails once more in the background.
“How many All Stars seasons do you need for a win?” Trixie meanwhile asks Latrice, who has dressed her army vet in a sparkly gown.
“Please present your final rose,” Mary says, voice sweet. She’s dressed in all black, even her arms are covered, while her back is exposed. She looks like a sexy assassin.
He disappears to the kitchen. Sebastian taps his girlfriend's arm twice, and Penelope opens her fancy pink purse and takes out a stack of envelopes. Sebastian grabs them and inspects them one by one before he hands them out. On John's envelope, in gold-colored ink is written in curly letters: James Weston.
John doesn’t dare move, not even his tongue around Sherlock’s earlobe. There’s no rulebook for this type of situation. A small part of him is too polite to disturb his friend’s orgasm. This is his fault, really. He should have taken into account that Sherlock has little to no experience, and is like a teenager in this way. In the body of a very adult looking, gorgeous man, perhaps, but still, touch-sensitive.
“Right, that’s settled then,” Janine says. She grabs her phone and walks away, making arrangements. Leaving Sherlock and John to their spontaneous staring contest.
-May I call you Jiggly?: a phrase Ru frequently said to season 4 queen Jiggly Caliente; Jiggly used severed legs in her first challenge and then did an epic lip sync for her life
“Christ, no more climbing across the balcony, I swear to you…” John pulls up his blanket, suddenly feeling rather naked. Luckily he is wearing underpants.
Culture coach Karamo has arranged an activity with Molly and Rosie. John checks his surroundings - Sherlock is nowhere in sight for this one. He lets his shoulders relax.
like Michelle - keep up,” She-lock tells him, before continuing loudly. “It’s obvious, really. We were told, but did we listen? BenDeLa was featured in the ‘Buy me on iTunes’ lyrics not once, but twice. Also, she’s been speaking in BenDeLa catchphrases during her judging sessions. Barf! Not only that. She’s been badly lit throughout the season, so we wouldn’t catch on. But her New Jersey accent is worse than her British one. On top of that, the order of eliminations was leaked not before airing but before shooting… by an ex of BenDeLaCreme! What do you have to say for yourself?”
“Oh, right. Yes,” John says, rubbing his long neck. If Sherlock didn’t know any better, he’d detect some… regret in that familiar voice.
John quickly opens the door, because obviously Sherlock might be in danger. The two men look up immediately, like caught deer. They are standing at the wall – not in the bed, at least, and Victor is pressing Sherlock against it. And as if that's a totally normal position to be caught in with Sherlock Holmes, he doesn't even move backwards.
“I thought you needed my help.” His voice sounds strange, contained. Like he's holding something in. A laugh, perhaps? Or something... else.
the camera zooming in on you two, and it’s not going to look pretty on television. Let’s try focusing on your target. I mean
Brooke Lynn lets the music play. She has been teaching them some sort of ball-style routine. She says the old-fashioned ballroom style will “contrast nicely with the modern dance song”, which she’s slowed down for their particular dance. It is, She-lock must admit, a rather creative idea.
Sherlock quickly walks to the door and locks it. Then, he resumes his position and languidly drops to his knees, until the back of his head leans against the wooden desk. His shoulders are stiff, in his beige riding trousers is the outline of a bulge.
Phi Phi: “She-lock, ever since you met the UK Drag Race judges, your anus is so loose it has its own snatch game episode. Snatch, get it? Vagina?”
He hopes this RuPaul case will be over quickly. Saving lives used to be his thing, but there was never this much…
An odd sound escapes John’s throat. John tries to leave, but Sherlock stands up and blocks his path.
The elevator pings. It’s the fourth floor. An elderly lady slowly walks inside and stops between them. They stand in painful, deafening silence. On the third floor, the lady gets out. Shuffling her feet excruciatingly slowly. When the elevator doors finally close, and they are between the third and second floor, Sherlock pushes the emergency button. The elevator comes to a halt with a shock.
“Yes, I know, that would be Ellen Degeneres, probably,” Sherlock mumbles. “But Tan means, who do you aspire to look like?”
It all happens very fast, then. Something crashes from the ceiling, right above where Jonathan Wilson is standing in the wings. Though before it can hit him, something else has knocked him over.
Then, soft, fast pulling sounds behind him. Tiny huffs. It’s unmistakable. Sherlock is masturbating.
The final episode will be shot on location. Jonathan, Sherlock and John are pressed together in the back of a car for almost three hours, with Sherlock in the middle, as if he’s the bloody bachelor now. John is annoyed. But then, from the corner of his eye, he sees Jonathan secretly take Sherlock’s hand, and he knows it’s the truth. They’ve been playing the game for Sherlock’s heart, and this is just losing.
With a jolt, Mary and Moriarty seem to switch bodies again. Gulping, Moriarty grabs his knees, then quickly fondles his crotch.
Why a forensic scientist has to be here, John has no clue. It’s not like the murder has actually happened yet, so there’s no body to examine. But, John guesses they needed more men, and Lestrade must have pressured Anderson to come. Just as he did John.
. He still can’t believe what’s happening. Only a few hours ago he was just reading the newspaper and sipping some milky tea, expecting a rather boring weekend. Sure, it was his birthday tomorrow, and maybe he’d take Sherlock to Angelo’s to celebrate, maybe not. He was sure Sherlock had no idea, anyway, and he didn’t want to make a big deal out of it. But then, this Saturday morning, one of Mycroft’s cars stopped outside 221B. And John never could have anticipated… this. Working as an actual secret agent? Is he dreaming?
Sherlock is trying desperately to think. Because of their bodyswapped state, Moriarty might actually kill John, accidentally. Or will he target him first, thinking to tease him with his ‘pet’? Which scenario would be better? Sherlock is a skilled boxer and fighter, and has some moves Moriarty wouldn’t expect of John. Then again, John is not without skill either. Both of them could put up a fight.
“That’s right,” the real Mary says, in Moriarty’s high-pitched voice. “We swapped bodies, right while we were in the middle of our beautiful plan. He was lying ‘dead’ on the rooftop, I was looking at John through my rifle’s lense. Then, in an instant, we switched.”
Damn Mycroft. Sherlock blesses a few pieces of altar bread while the first few family members walk up to him. With his other hand, he points to the speakers. It quickly turns into another fight with his brother.
“... and the tears of drag queens seeping through the cracks. I had a lot of tic tac lunches in here, it makes me shiver just thinking about it. But thank the dear old Lord I still smell fresh because of some moisty sponges Monét X Change left in this box. Bring me back!”
Sherlock doesn’t hesitate and grabs a device from his inner pocket. It seems to be some sort of climber’s claw, which he attaches to the railing. A thin cable hangs from the claw, attached to Sherlock’s belt.
She-lock returns to her room. And she can’t help but feel a little sting when John doesn’t follow her.
Behind Antoni, Sherlock pops up, and angrily whispers in his ear. “You think you can come here with your cheekbones and make salad? John doesn’t want your avocado.”
Above him, Sherlock smiles. He lowers himself a bit and keeps one hand next to John’s head, the other blindly positioning his cock in the right spot. John puts his hands on the back of Sherlock’s neck. Their faces are close. If John wanted to, he could lean in and kiss him. Does he? Does he want to?
She-lock did an incredible job with both of their looks. She-lock is wearing a tight-corsetted pink dress, a collared construction around the head, pink heels, a fierce blonde wig and red diamond droplets around the eyes.
, though barely, I must say, and I walked to the cemetery, where you would have had me bloody visiting an empty urn! And that’s where I’ve been these past few hours. I didn’t know what to do, Sherlock. I just don’t understand why you didn’t… consult me. You are the least consulting detective I know.”
John looks down, feeling heat rush to his cheeks. But before he can fix it, Sherlock takes a few steps towards him, standing suddenly uncomfortably close, and, while maintaining eye contact with Tan, Sherlock zips up John slowly.
“How about we test your toy on your cock, mmh?” John asks. “Or does the laser not do precision work?”
John and Jonathan’s private date is a bit more calm, and John is grateful. They do a river ride together, past beautiful mechanical animals, inside dark rooms, sitting in the same boat. The pace is slow, and in the background, cheesy music plays. With them in the boat, a cameraman and soundman sit, but they ignore them as well as they can while admiring their surroundings.
“Just to inform you three, the first ‘Final Date’ will be tonight. Sherlock, as you requested, that will be yours.”
“I take it everyone has had a chance to read their cue cards?”, Sebastian asks. He takes the folded cloth napkin off his plate and puts it in his lap. “The butler will bring our starters soon. Let's take this opportunity to talk to each other in character.”
“You do know I’m not actually the Quartermaster, right?” Q says. “I’ve only just started this government internship and they asked me to handle this bloody job. It would be fun, they said!”
you fill the gaping hole Bill Wiggins left and become one of the suitors on this show,” Sherlock says, face hard.
“Then”, Sherlock says, his voice low and laced with pure sex. “he'd remove all his fingers at once, and position himself against me, rubbing his tip up and down my anus for a while. Just to make me want it more. To make me guess when he would enter me, in one go.”
In the park animators’ office, John gets equipped with a monitor and a microphone to guide Sherlock through his private date time with Jonathan. He feels bad for snarling at Sherlock earlier. Hopefully now, he can prove his usefulness. His friendship. He really wants to work hard at that. He couldn’t stand losing Sherlock. John will take him in any capacity Sherlock will grant him.
“You will both lip-sync and dance,” Ru continues, “to my newest song, ‘Buy Me On iTunes’. Now available on iTunes.”
“... right,” Brooke says, flatly. “I’m Canadian, we don’t get much crime beyond expired fishing permits.”
“Don’t think for one second you can come back,” John says. Unsure if he means it. “Like nothing has happened.”
They both giggle at the image, but just as fast, their smiles fade. She-lock reaches out, hesitantly. John allows her to take off his wig for him. She lies the pins one by one on the shelf in front of her.
Victor holds his gaze a few seconds, then walks out. Sherlock straightens his tight shirt, which John swears he solely uses to torture buttons. For a second there's a flash of skin between his trousers and the shirt. John's eyes flick to it unconsciously.
“The music is not for you!” Mycroft’s voice nearly rises too loud. Sherlock looks at the nave, where uncle Rudy is trying to catch a glimpse of what’s going on.
It has been rather interesting actually, solving murders. Mostly lab work, really. The quiet and the loneliness of a lab, John has found, is strangely comforting. There's a sense of... safety.
“He would come onto me. We would have sex. But afterwards, he’d always pretend like nothing happened”, Sherlock says. His voice is small, his face unusually open. He puts his hand on John's, and traces a path along his fingers. Absentmindedly, suggestively.
“I need a fag,” Alaska says, in that characteristically whiny, drawn-out voice of hers. “And by that, I mean a cigarette.”
Next, John watches as the other queens get their turn ‘reading’. And they do - they read She-lock, as Dimmock puts it, “to filth.”
, he hears from inside the office close-by. Then, a scuffle. Someone hastily putting his phone on vibrate.
But John is gawking at their surroundings. Everywhere, there are familiar faces seated at large white tables. Though some people are here for Wilson, it’s mostly John and Sherlock’s friends and family. It’s like getting stabbed in the heart. Molly, Lestrade, John’s cousins. His public rejection - for all of them to see.
John jumps up, quickly extracts the perfume bottle from his waistband and holds it in front of him like a gun, menacing.
Sherlock looks at him with questioning eyes. God, he is beautiful. His white shirt is unbuttoned a little too far, exposing his lean neck. His waistcoat fits his shoulders beautifully. His wrists are red from struggling against the ropes. John takes one of Sherlock’s hands, and softly traces the scrapes.
It was a job for him. He was probably there to question her, to search her belongings. How could she have been so naive?
-To pull an Adore Delano: to leave All Stars because you can't deal with the pressure and the judging
With all his breath packed inside his lungs, John stares at the door. Behind it, no more sounds. Good. Sherlock probably left, then. Hanging his head in defeat. The
John stares at her. Should he correct her? He glances at Sherlock. Within hearing range. He doesn’t want to make things awkward between them. If Sherlock thinks he ‘made John gay’, he might feel guilty about all the sexual acts they did.
David drops his cutlery, and walks away. John follows him with his eyes. If only he could be so dramatic, he didn’t have to be a grown-up.
“Just leave, John”, Sebastian says, but he can't stop himself from muttering – “And take your boyfriend with you.”
If he shaves his groin and balls in the shower, it’s only because it’s going to be a hot summer day. And he gets hot easily.
With his hand, meanwhile, Sherlock moves from John’s balls to further back, placing a wet finger against his entrance. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
“It’s July, most of my agents are on vacation with their families. You know how it is. School holidays. Dreadfully boring.”
-Pageant queen: drag queens who compete in pageants; they’re focused mostly on beauty and looking as ‘fishy’ as possible
The seven men take their places beside RuPaul. The clothes they’re wearing should be made illegal. One of them is in an
“Hello, little sister,” Mycroft says on the Skype call. “Michelle Visage was not a beast… a dragon for you to slay.”
Doing things separately is precisely what always lead to to the most dangerous situations, John remembers. Sherlock shutting him out during the Blind Banker case led to him and Sarah almost dying, for example. Sherlock not letting John in on his plan to fake his death led to a world of pain. John remembers Sherlock’s scars, running over them with his hands. Not this time. This time he has agency, he has a choice, and his choice is to stay.
To make matters worse, John’s body starts having a - well, what else could it be called? A sympathy boner.
Is this a thing now? Has he agreed to come out of his closet? He doesn’t remember telling Karamo this. Let alone the frighteningly perfect wall of hair that is Jonathan.
The Fab Five could ruin not just his jumper collection, but everything that’s been good between Sherlock and John.
That very night, lying in his bed, John goes through his usual routine: staring at his ceiling and realising he's been a right idiot. Something soft had fallen in Sherlock's features earlier, when he watched that Jonathan Wilson clip. Maybe there was more that lured him to this case than just another mystery, another puzzle. It's been awhile since Sherlock even took a real case. And that question in the middle of the supermarket – suddenly it seems so obvious. He wasn't asking about it in an odd place because he's simply Sherlock, detective incapable of detecting social awkwardness – no. He was attempting to hide his vulnerability, the bare truth of the question. He chose somewhere public so the conversation would never have a real chance of taking off.
“No, please,” Q quickly says. “I’m starting my laptop. This should be fairly easy. Just hang on a minute.”
Curious. She-lock has never done a drag show with her before. But from what she’s read, they have quite similar… histories.
Until, suddenly, Sherlock stops singing, stops mouthing along, looking briefly unsure for three long seconds.
But then, John uncovers a large, very strong magnet. He points it in the direction the darts were coming earlier. With a loud clang, a large tranquilizer gun gets sucked against it.
“Right,” Sherlock says, turning to the fridge, and surprising John to his core. “The milk is over here.”
“It’s not my fault you forgot to read the magnet’s manual,” Sherlock says, while he quickly unscrews one of the temples to reveal a thin needle.
When the unknown shooter stops, and they hear the rather close sound of a gun reloading, John reaches into his Dalmatians rucksack. Sherlock stares at him in terror. They can’t die. This was supposed to be a fun trip. John fumbles in the rucksack.
Oh, John thinks. This is rich. Coming from someone who will have sex with him, yet will not even consider a relationship.
On screen, Jonathan and Sherlock go back inside. The bed is covered in rose petals. There’s soft music playing.
If he is not dead yet, he feels ready to die of a heart attack now. Three heads whip to look at him in surprise.
Sherlock hands him a cup. John refuses his. “The problem was theorising without all the data. At first, we assumed the threatening note was directed at you. But as the show progressed, it became clear someone was trying to destroy
Sherlock turns around, just in time to see five men, dressed in incredibly large Alice costumes, closing in on him. One of them puts his hand over his mouth, pressing a moist cloth against his lips and nose. The others grab him by the arms, by the legs, they enclose him, making the sun disappear entirely.
John looks down. The aquarium is not well lit, and on the ground, his own, dark shadow lays. The sight strikes him. His shadow is like an unshakeable different side for everyone to see. Following him around, seeking out the shape of him. After his childhood, he never paid much attention to his own shadow. Yet it lay there, all the time, waiting. Unnoticed, yet in plain sight. Just like his love for Sherlock was there all along, it just needed a spotlight.
“I adored your Victorian boho style,” Bobby explains. “So I just polished it into something that’s still you but also very family friendly. I’ve replaced that old smelly sofa with a soft, large corner piece. I’ve redone the entire kitchen to make it a safe place for kids to hang out. And the fridge has no more body parts in it.”
John, slightly surprised, parts his mouth. Jonathan’s tongue laps at him. Their tongues feel each other out, graze lips, find each other again. It’s wet, dirty, a little wild. Jonathan is skilled, there’s no denying. And John kisses back. But it feels like a performance, empty, a television show.
John licks his lips. He glances at Molly. Is that why she wanted him to do this show? He starts to panic. Maybe there have been times when he wondered if it could ever be something more between him and Sherlock. And lately, it has very much felt like having a family. Sometimes he’s wondered… what it would feel like to kiss Sherlock? Or go even further? But Sherlock is simply not interested, so it doesn’t matter, anyway.
He quickens his pace, squeezing his eyes shut. What was the deal with that Victor lad though? He always figured Sherlock was quite asexual. Married to his work, didn't he phrase it that way? But there was definitely something there. John grunts. He uses his other hand to cup his balls, then to slide a little lower, across the perineum. He whimpers with pleasure.
Almost imperceptibly, Sherlock nods in John’s general direction. As they’re all waiting for Mary to arrive, Jonathan stands alone like a strayed hare on the hunting ground. Sherlock subtly shuffles over, and joins him at his side to stare at the other contestants, who look back in anger.
One by one, Jinkx leads the reluctant men to their destiny. They don’t seem to have ever seen a drag queen up close in their boring little lives. Except perhaps one cute, young one who is continuously grinning and whom Jinkx is clearly keeping for herself.
“I’ve prepared this for your travels, it’s full of handy gadgets,” Q says. “There’s a pair of glasses that can make its own case explode from a distance. There’s explosive toothpaste. There’s a towel that absorbs bloodstains to hide evidence. Well. You’ll see. I’ve included a handy instruction manual to go with the items.”
Also a huge thank you to all you lovely people who've been commenting, kudos'ing, messaging, reblogging, or just silently reading. I cannot express enough how much that means to me. You guys are the best.
When John hears Vanjie yelling that they found a body, he immediately goes into soldier mode. He jumps up, ready to run.
“Now, I managed to sneak Wiggins’ latest notes out before the police could get to them, but they’re mostly useless.”
He steps onto the platform with more panache than ever, and rises skyward, flooded in light and smoke. “And if I’m flying solo, at least I’m flying free!”
And he holds the paper in front of John. He can't look away. Just when his key slides into the right hole, finally, something clicks. He stills.
The Dwarves laugh loudly, their deep voices rumbling through the chamber. In the background, the dragon roars.
… have been pursuing a medical agree,” John hastily interrupts. “It’s certainly a more noble profession, wouldn’t you agree, Doctor Watson?”
“Is it…” John starts. He’s clearly suppressing his excitement with military strength. “I mean. It’s not 007 or something, right?”
“At least you feel right at home among our company then, Sherlock”, Sebastian replies. He puts down his cutlery and slowly wipes his mouth.
“Lipstick will be a big improvement on you,” She-lock continues, picking up her sketchbook. “Your mouth’s too small now.”
“What do you think you’re doing?!” John yells. He - still in Sherlock’s body - has entered the bathroom and is now staring angrily at Sherlock.
-Snatch game: a RuPaul challenge where queens impersonate celebrities during a parody of The Match Game
He uses red chalk to draw a five-pointed star in the middle of the table, and puts the lock of hair on top. Then he surrounds it with small candles. They light John’s eyes on fire.
, it will only get worse. People will imagine it in every take, in every short scene where he glances at the man.
“Pancakes“, John quickly says. “When I was young, my mother used to make them. When my dad had… bad days. She’d make us all feel better with pancakes."
“Latrice, girl, you’ve been brought back more times than me and Jesus together!” Shangela replies. She’s remarkably energetic for a clearly weakened queen.
“Of course it wasn’t normal,” Sherlock says, his back turned to him as he starts pouring tea. “You’re not supposed to be drunk. You’re supposed to last longer than seven minutes. You’re supposed to ... love each other.”
Sherlock growls. “Sebastian told me to come as myself. He still needed a detective character for his childish game, apparently.”
“Also, compliments are important. And light touches, just to test if he's open to that. Try a small touch to his arm while laughing, for example. And eye contact. Also very important. When, you know. You're. Flirting.”
Jesus. Was it really necessary to reveal his real age? Sherlock had kept it hidden quite successfully, and liked to believe he looked younger.
Luckily, he doesn’t get many customers, tucked away behind the hall of mirrors and sandwiched between a magician and an illusionist. He is a disillusioned island.
John stares at the screen, mouth agape. Sherlock really believes it - what David told him at the club. That he’s unloveable. That’s why he didn’t defend himself. John’s leg is jumping up and down. Like it’s in a hurry to run.
Downstairs, draped in partial darkness, he finds Sherlock, still in his dressing gown and seated on his single chair. A sad trace of smoke leaves the hearth. The fire is out. Only a small nod of his head betrays that Sherlock has noticed John, that he hasn't retreated into his mind palace too deeply.
“We've met a few months ago”, John says. He doesn't even know why he's lying. It's been a few weeks tops. But, to be fair, his life has been so turned upside down – improved – that it feels like years.
“Oh no, please stay”, Penelope says, flashing her crooked tooth. “I think I've just solved the case of Herlock Sholmes.”
John’s feet feel like lead, trying to drag him back down into the living room. But he soldiers on, up to his old room, which is now Rosie’s. Maybe Sherlock will deduce his feelings on his face and he won’t even have to say it. His heart is punching up against his chest. Why did he sign up for this cursed show? He can’t rewind this.
During dinner at the Landmark, Janine comes up to the rather silent table of suitors. She’s carrying a stack of papers.
John thinks. He looks at Sherlock who, good god, really put in the effort today. They’ve all dressed appropriately for the occasion, but Sherlock looks like he’s about to take prince William on a stroll through the Queen’s back garden. Beige breeches, tall fancy hunting boots that hug his calf almost up to his knee, a tight white polo covered by a blue riding jacket that’s longer in the back: Sherlock looks like he raided an expensive equestrian clothing store.
“She’s obviously very upset. So please, John. Can you secretly search through She-lock’s things and look for water colourings? Or a lost duckie? I’ll do the same with my Alaskan person. He…
John pockets the snap trap, and replaces the gun in his waistband with a bottle of perfume that doubles as a flamethrower. Time to go meet the dragon.
“Nope. Perfectly fine”, John says, wondering how much Sherlock could exactly see through the glass – or hear. Well. It wouldn't even take a brilliant detective to deduce what exactly was going on in there. John grabs a towel nearby and wraps it around his waist, as if it would hide the evidence. No, that evidence is sliding all the way down the glass right now.
But at that moment, a bullet hits a piece of bulkhead right next to Sherlock’s head. A frightened look crosses his face, and he pushes John out of the way. Just in time to dodge a second bullet - it flies right through the glass door. Sherlock stares at it for a few seconds, blinking. Then, he gets up quickly and pulls the emergency stop.
“So ask about who he is and what he thinks, deepen the conversation, and answer any questions he might have in return. As honestly as you can. Relationships are about intimacy, even more than they are about seeking thrill or adventure. Those things will happen naturally, to people who spend time with you. But once you really let them in... show them who you are... They won't want to leave.”
John lowers himself against the side of the bath, uses both hands to steady himself. He’s panting. Why is this so exhausting? Why is the room not normal-shaped? He needs to
John checks his trash can. It's been recently emptied. All evidence disappeared down the binary drain of the internet. So that sodding bastard hasn't only been raiding his inbox, answering mails for him, he's also been very keen on keeping that e-vite a secret. Suddenly, John feels like attending.
He cannot blame them: the place is stacked with taxidermied animals, skeletons and jars containing floating, misshapen creatures.
He’s doing this for Sherlock, anyway. Molly threatened to never allow Sherlock into her lab again, unless John agreed to let her sign him up for ‘Queer Eye’.
“All of them are ex-soldiers, former captains... and some of their… bookkeepers,” RuPaul adds quickly. “We thank them for their service, to keep the Queen’s England a safe place for England’s Queens.”
John glances at Sherlock, who removes his deerstalker and smooths his curls. Of course he’ll fit right in, posh boy. John looks down at his own, very middle class, very battle-wounded body. Maybe he can go undercover as kitchen help?
It’s okay, John wants to say. This is normal. God. He should probably stop touching Sherlock’s leg with his dick.
But then, Sherlock wraps his body around him from behind, holding on tightly. And even if that walks a thin line still, John allows it. He pushes his back closer into Sherlock, as if he could somehow tighten the hug. In his neck, he feels Sherlock’s hot, erratic breath. He’s almost imperceptibly shaking.
John, on the other hand, in his dark grey suit and gold tie, feels he looks… passable. He rubs his hands up and down trousers that feel far too expensive.
Sherlock is gone for forty-five minutes. When he comes back, he has stripped down to black, tight underwear. His eyes are shrouded in shadows.
“There’s a keypad for the door that leads into a basement called La Tanière Du Dragon. I need you to break into the system so I can enter into the mountain.”
John shoots Sherlock a warning look. Before coming he's given him a long preach, that he had something to make up for after the Chinese circus, and if he thought he was being too friendly, probably it wasn't enough yet.
John is watching him sleep. Sherlock can feel it as he lays, eyes closed and on his back, while the morning sunlight touches his skin.
“You know, She-lock, that lipstick...” she says. “That man could have easily used his fingers. But he used his mouth.”
John squirts some lube into his hand. With the other one, he stimulates Sherlock’s left nipple again, while he starts slowly jerking his cock. His thumb slides up and over the tip perpetually, as his large hand glides in a spiral motion up and down.
John is standing stock still. At first, She-lock hardly realises what he’s doing. But then she notices the judges being mesmerised by it. And it dawns on her: John is
Well. It didn’t take long for Magnussen to make good on his threats. Should he have refused the rose?
By the time he reaches the roof, he’s panting. He can see a tiny mop of curls just below the roof’s edge. The wind will
All the attention. All the people assuming Sherlock Holmes is gay, and then, when the truth comes out, they’ll be furiously tweeting he was just heartlessly pretending for a case.
“Tomorrow, David gets his final date with Jonathan. First, it’s John’s turn. Where are you taking him, Jonathan?” Mary asks.
“Don’t worry, I’m an expert,” She-lock says in a - hopefully - reassuring tone. “I even have a blog about this. The Science of Untucking.”
“Since your ridiculous carnaval rainbow outfit fell open,” John says, pointing. He shakes his head, and emits a short, odd laugh.
“Tell you what,” Wiggins says. “Let’s make this about more than just the money. You win this game, I give you the name and location of my golden mate.” He smiles. “You lose, I take a little finger. Off you, or your ‘partner’.”
John glances over to Sherlock. The posh git has taken over the reins and is concentrating on guiding and calming his horse, while Jonathan grips him firmly from behind. Sherlock is talking in a steady voice, to the horse, though John can’t hear what he’s saying.
“That’s right, I can do my own fancy deductions,” David says. “And I deduce you’re a virgin. Want to know how I know?”
John wraps his legs around Sherlock to welcome the last contractions of his orgasm, then allows the man to slowly remove himself. Sherlock pops out, and John feels like he’s lost a part of himself.
John frowns, and Karamo locks an arm around him. He can feel Karamo’s muscles clench against him, as he continues to speak. “I wanted to show you that you don’t necessarily need a classic family picture of wife, husband and daughter to live your best life. I want you to let go of the idea that you need a mother for Rosie, and perhaps entertain the idea of two dads.”
“You’ve been the best godfather to her I could wish for. Please don’t move out of your own home. Molly thought… I thought. Look, it doesn’t matter. Things don’t have to change between us. I’d rather have you around as we were, just as friends, than not at all.”
She-lock is sitting in the workroom, removing her makeup carefully, when a shadow appears in the doorway.
Moriarty keeps the gun on John’s temple while he trails his two fingers down John’s chest, and puts his hand in his pocket.
“Run, John,” Sherlock says, and throws him the suitcase while grabbing the overnight bag himself. Together, they dash out of the carriage. John is not sure whereto; the train is moving, there’s no clear exit. They can’t very well go to the roof because it’s going too fast. All he knows is he needs to run.
“The doctors brought him out of the coma, and it went great. He could even tell us who stabbed him.” Lestrade pauses.
Though the person turning Michelle’s bath into a bloodbath might’ve used all their fake blood, of course. He’ll have to check the bathroom for empty packets later. If he can.
Sherlock doesn’t move. There isn’t a single indication that he has any clue what John is talking about.
John wipes his clammy hands on his jeans. Kind of surprising, how badly Sherlock wants to be involved in the game, really, quite out of character for him. John folds the swan out of his napkin, and smiles at Sarah.
John gets out of the shower and quickly wipes himself down. Then, still naked, rubbing his wet hair with a tiny towel, he steps into his hotel room.
He waves his broom in glory. John’s neck stretches, mouth hanging open. It’s a magnificent sight to behold.
He reaches the soft fabric of the towel, and his fingertips slide a little further up, because of the oil just as much as because of sheer will. Sherlock is eerily quiet.
“... and I wanted you to win without people calling you a snake,” Sharon says, “without people hashtagging Team Katya, without all of your dresses being bought with my winnings…”
“Our client this week is named John Watson,” Karamo reads off a tiny cue card. “John was nominated by his friend Molly. He’s 41 years old and has an 18 month old baby daughter Rosie. He currently lives in a tiny London apartment with his 37 year old friend Sherlock.”
Of course Sherlock would know how to ride, his family probably owned horses. He looks, for the lack of a better word, knightly.
Now only he and Bainbridge remain. Bainbridge is holding back sobs already, silently shaking with humiliation. Janine has threatened him with about three lawsuits to stay for this charade.
“Can I… share with you?” he asks, sick of interrogating, of lying, of talking. He wants a moment no recording device can understand.
“Wear the hat, Sherlock,” John urges him. Sherlock scowls, but puts on the black pointy witches’ hat.
“So”, he says to break the ice. He puts his arm awkwardly around Sarah again, even though he's still holding the sticky spoon as well. “What kind of student was Sherlock?”
“Yes, it's infinitely boring,” Sherlock says. “Entertain me. How does John Watson convince people to play doctor?”
“This is ridiculous.” John shakes his head, looking at Lestrade for backup. “Why wouldn't he suspect he's being investigated? Or that
“According to the producers, Michelle has been especially hard on She-lock’s runway looks,” Anderson continues. “More so than on the others’.”
John closes the door behind him, and shoves his phone into his back pocket. Right. He’s in a barely lit hallway full of fake looking rocks and lights pretending to be oil lamps. There’s a staircase leading down. That’s where the dragon must be.
And at that, he touches the outside of John’s hole softly, with the tip of his middle finger. It’s already a bit loosened from the rimming. Should John try to offer instructions, like the last few times? Sherlock seems to have it covered. And anyway, John’s knowledge of anal sex is rather limited. He’ll have to trust Sherlock on this one.
“I am not,” Sherlock says, slightly insulted. Though he’s not sure. He silently curses himself: he should have recorded himself sleeping at least once to be sure, but he never has. Never assumed he’d be sleeping next to anyone. He frowns. “Are you... a deep sleeper?”
John frowns. Sherlock hasn't ever expressed any interest in bodies that don't have rigor mortis, and prefers the smell of decay over perfume. There
-She done already done had herses: A phrase Ru overheard one day and then decided to use as a replacement to “You’ve got she-mail!”
Special thanks to Wildishmazz (for the inspiration) and my beta 88thparallel (I owe her everything).
All eyes go to She-lock and John. John hesitates, then slowly lifts the pink handcuffs, as if they’re not light as a feather but heavy as Michelle’s old boobs. Breast in peace.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake, John.” Sherlock rolls his eyes, then looks down, clears his throat. “You know about this. You know why I can’t undress.”
Sherlock looks surprised. “But your reputation… I’ve been getting calls all day. Surely, you must have, too?”
John reaches over, and puts his hands on the elastic band of Sherlock's pajama pants. He hesitates. There's no going back, if they do this now.
“Oh, don’t look so scared,” She-lock whispers. “It’s just a dance floor, it’s not Afghanistan or Iraq.”
Enthusiastically, Sherlock pulls down John’s trousers and pants. He halts for a second at his feet, to remove John’s shoes, with hungry, impatient fingers. Then, he flops John onto his belly.
John grabs at the floorboards. He’s dazed and confused. Did Sherlock kiss his two suitors - yes, that
Mycroft frowns deeply, and looks back and forth between them. “May I have a word alone with you, Doctor Watson?”
All he needs to do is catch the clown who’s running this circus. So going undercover as a psychic was the most logical thing to do.
Ru takes a small pause. “Now, it’s time for the main challenge. It’s a classic: the much dreaded and always delightful makeover challenge!”
“Lube”, Sherlock answers, and points to the little bedside table. John reaches inside and finds, to his surprise, a half empty bottle. So he
The claw opens; Sherlock pistol-whips him with the distorted gun, and the attacker falls to the floor. Seemingly unconscious. John is in awe. This man, this fantastic actor, falling down with his fake claw. All because Sherlock wanted to surprise him. It fills his heart with sweet, sweet joy.
Then, Sherlock turns around, his knees touching John’s, dark unruly curls falling across his cheek and John’s shadow falling on his face. His hands are folded into each other, between them, just lying there like abandoned evidence.
“Yes, like Michelle Visage. She’s been behaving quite oddly this season, too. Usually, during filming she’d come talk to drag queens behind the scenes. But now we only see her during judging. Not even in proper lighting. And she seems very negative. Poor Adore, that first episode.
Sherlock moves his finger in and out, while using his other hand to caress John’s balls from behind. He really seems fond of those balls, John thinks. Slowly, Sherlock traces a path from his balls down his perineum, then back upwards again. It sends a slow shiver through John’s spine. God. He never did ask any women to do this to him. He should have. By god, he should have.
Jonathan Wilson smiles. “It’s all a bit silly, isn’t it? It was the production’s idea, of course. See the costume Charles is wearing? It takes months and months to make. The sequins are hand-stitched. For Wicked to break even, they need to sell
“You’ll need more than a cock laser,” Sherlock says. But he can’t fully hide the fear in his eyes, the wriggle of his hands in the ropes.
No. Magnussen may be a creep, he’s not the type to get his hands dirty with anything other than ink. Definitely not the killer.
His arm is hung around John’s shoulder, dropping down slightly into his shirt. His hand rests hot on John’s collarbone.
“Sherlock, look at me,” John says. He sighs. Beneath them, the English countryside is rolling by. He sincerely wishes for a Union Jack parachute right now, if only he didn’t have to sit here with Sherlock and his brother’s whore.
“It wouldn't be fair to the rest of us if you were able to actually investigate, Sherlock”, Victor says. Did he just... Did he just briefly put his hand on Sherlock's knee? John squares his shoulders. Somewhere in the back of his mind an alarm is going off.
“Says here we have to dress up as our characters.” John clicks on the attachment, and two short descriptions pop up for him and his date. A woman and a man. A couple.
John’s first private session is the next day, with Antoni. They’re standing inside the 221B kitchen, while Rosie is sleeping upstairs.
. His steps seem a lot smaller. This is disorienting. Like miscalculating the dose of a drug so your limbs feel all wrong.
“How can you’ve been in here all this time? I follow your Insta!” Dimmock says. “You’re traveling all over the world.”
“Mrs. Thames”, Sebastian addresses his girlfriend, still trying to make the murder mystery dinner happen, “As Herlock's hot landlady, what can you tell us about him?”
He leads them into the building, and after a long walk, motions them to go inside an abandoned laboratory.
“Yes, please, like that”, Sherlock grunts, and he grabs his cock. He starts masturbating himself underneath John, and the thought alone, of Sherlock pleasuring himself, almost tips him over the edge. But he manages to restrain himself and fucks Sherlock determinedly, thrusting in and out in a steady rhythm, and it's so much, and it's everything and more than he ever imagined. When he feels Sherlock shudder underneath him, coming all over the bed with a muffled cry, he lets himself go. Sherlock has relaxed onto the matress as he lets John pound harder and harder into him, until he spills himself inside him with a cry.
She moves across the stage, along the other queens. “We’ll find the real wanna-be killer by eliminating the other queens. Not literally. Or in a Ru way. Let’s start with Jinkx. She’s been thriving in this competition, she has nothing to be angry at Michelle for. She’s been sleepwalking through. Quite literally so.”
John tries to understand why Sherlock is asking for this. Perhaps he’s still afraid to take that last step, to open up to Jonathan. Maybe he thinks he can diminish the emotionally overwhelming importance of allowing someone to take him this way, by doing it outside of the confines of a relationship, first.
Not that there’s anything wrong with being gay. John just isn’t, that’s all. Definitely definitely not.
“We even considered special wristbands with electronic currency in them,” Sherlock says into the cameras. “So people could buy souvenirs, holy wine, communion wafers …”
“Not what I had in mind when I thought gorgeous men would be hitting on me”, Jonathan Wilson says, groaning. He looks at the massive floodlight. “Though I should thank you, I suppose. You saved my life. How about a date?”
“Mmmh,” Sherlock yelps, a little higher. His arms lift and he grabs John’s bare upper arms, shaking.
It’s only when Sherlock’s chest releases one short, intense shiver, that John realises he hadn’t been breathing.
He’s quite pleased with himself, though. He looks a very different man in this makeup and clothing. The vicar outfit, he got as a gift from a very thankful drag king once. The Case of the Missing Penis never made it to the blog, sadly. And yes, the vicar outfit has a hideous, glittery rainbow on the inside, as part of a reveal. But he’s not planning a striptease - only a funeral.
Sherlock looks at his feet, presses his lips together. Then, he disappears without saying another word.
“If you still want that blowjob lesson, I’ll teach you, but please, Sherlock… stop gagging for it on camera.”
“Speaking of sex,” David says, suddenly appearing behind Sherlock’s back and using his body to swirl between John and Sherlock. “There’s only four of us left, now, babes. We’re close to the prize.”
“It’s best to take out your enemy from the inside,” Sholto whispers in John’s ear. “Don’t be afraid to get your hands dirty.”
To She-lock’s right, Miss Vanjie is reciting the words to the song desperately to herself in a low voice. To She-locks left, Jinkx and her... twink are sharing iPod earbuds, practising the song even as they wait for the dance instructor to arrive.
“I see… Let me get the…” Sherlock stops. Why bother with the ouija board? That is merely a prop to scare children, amuse teenagers and comfort widows.
Next to the insulted queen, a man starts moving - about as botoxed as Sharon, but most of it in the lips.
“The stage hasn’t been this wet since Kennedy Davenport’s exploded penis look,” Brooke compliments them. “You’re serving some serious fish.”
Their Fast Passes allow them to make reservations at certain attractions - Sherlock shudders at the thought - and return later at their assigned times. John makes a reservation at the Star Wars Hyperspace Mountain - bit of a theme - and leads the way through Discoveryland as Sherlock begrudgingly follows, staring at the damn Dalmatians rucksack.
It’s of course nothing to be ashamed of, getting a boner in this situation. Doesn’t mean he’s into Sherlock in that way. If anything, this is because the whole set-up reminds him of his own very first steps into lovemaking, at the tender age of seventeen with that very same Natalie he’d been crushing on for years.
“Victor Trevor”, Sherlock says in a tone of voice that's new to John. It's got a sharp edge. “I didn't know you were going to be here.”
Because that’s how Sherlock acts around people who love him and try to protect him, John realises. He pushes them away, with sarcasm, with acting cold and disinterested, or acting out dramatically. Like slapping someone. And John had been thoughtless.
“Why not?” If there's any suspicion in the sound of his voice, it's only because he knows how good of a manipulator Sherlock can be. With a twitch of the corners of his mouth, a posh pout or the completely unfair softness in his eyes.
“Oh, don’t worry. I’m not pulling all the weight - we’re not attached at the boob, John. I’ll just give verbal instructions. I won’t touch you, and you can turn around. I won’t look, I promise.”
Maybe John longing for Sherlock has more to do with a need to experiment the way he wanted, but never did. Maybe, if he tries to expand his experiences, his feelings for Sherlock will diminish.
Sherlock burns holes in their backs, as if it’s an unforgivable betrayal, while John and Mycroft walk over to the balcony.
John looks up sharply. So he’s going the honest route, then. Bold. But Jonathan has never been a run-off-the-mill bachelor. He’s always stayed true to himself, despite what production might whisper in his ear.
Sherlock walks up to John, so very close. “I told you not to come”, he hisses, and pushes John out the room. “Don't ruin this.”
When they arrive at the hotel, a charming cottage in Bristol, Janine has a long, lively conversation with the reception desk before she returns, face apologetic.
Sherlock blinks. “Can’t we just go to the hotel spa? I’m not... unreasonable. I’m open to compromise.”
On the bed, David hurriedly removes himself from her and covers himself with a bedsheet, leaving Mary exposed. She covers herself with her hands, mortified.
He turns the shower on, harder than ever. The water splashes against his tense shoulders, the bathroom heats up because of the warm water, and the glass walls of the shower are completely covered in steam. It feels amazing, it makes him forget. For a brief moment in time, there is only his body, in a closed-off glass coffin where he can see nothing of the outside world, as if he's all alone.
It reminds John of last night, when it covered his naked body, tickled his bare legs. His penis grows half hard just remembering its rugged feeling.
John didn’t even know Janine had a copy of his hotel room’s key card, and jumps as she barges in. He’d been sitting on his bed, dumbfounded. Ready to pack.
“When you stand behind them, make a fist and place it just above their navel, thumb side in,” John explains, cheek against Sherlock’s shirt, voice vibrating back into his own ear. “Grab the fist with your other hand and push it inward and upward, simultaneously.”
John lets him. But he can’t cry. He’s holding his long lost dead friend and it’s the best day, and it’s the worst day. He can comfort. He cannot forgive.
After the dance class, the queens are instructed to get back to their hotel for the night. But She-lock quickly scribbles a note for John, and presses it into his hand as they shake goodbye.
John doesn’t think he should come in his friend’s mouth, really. That seems like a bad way to treat your best mate. It’s not proper.
Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... Shangela was found in a box, and immediately wheeled off set. DI Lestrade pulled John aside to tell him about a new threat made to Michelle Visage: a 'bloodbath' full of rubber ducks in her bathroom. Oh, and Ru was just about to announce "one more thing..."
She-lock slowly turns to John. “Alone is what I had. Even when Mycroft was still living at Musgrave, but more so after he left. I was alone, and very... strange. A queer child. My parents would be out most of the time, I was left in the care of alternating nannies who kept on… giving up. I read them to filth, mostly. They couldn’t handle it.”
,” John says, nearly tripping over his own words, suddenly catching his reflection in the mirror of this infuriatingly slow elevator. It’s dropping steadily, but he feels as if he’s rapidly being sucked into a hole which he can never climb out of again.
“I’m sorry about what I said earlier. You can leave if you want. But I just… I trust in your abilities, and you’re going to find whoever wants to kill Wilson. In time.”
There’s nervous shuffling, but She-lock stands stock still. She feels on fire. She feels ready to stuff her bosom with lipsticks.
“But”, John says, “if you want more – if you want it all, or just some of it, in whatever dose you want, with whatever softness or hardness or a mixture of everything, whatever you may need. I am here. I am willing to give it to you, whenever.”
Sherlock nods slowly, lost in thought. He can’t let John grieve like this. It’ll kill him - it’ll kill them both. He can’t leave for Belarus knowing he’s leaving behind John like this. He needs to find a way to somehow… make it right. Hint at him, that he’s still alive, perhaps.
John bites the inside of his cheek. “Look, Jonathan. For what it’s worth, I didn’t know about Sherlock’s plans, and I haven’t lied to you.”
John eyes the Bible. That’s bloody Lestrade and Dimmock in there, recording sound bites for months to come.
And it’s unfair. Sherlock doesn’t get to cry. He doesn’t, he really doesn’t. He’s the one who left John alone, to mourn. Who told an unspeakable lie. Who abandoned. He’s the one who didn’t care how John would feel - would fare, without him. Those first months were the blackest of John’s life. And now, after he has finally pieced himself together - of sorts - Sherlock comes in here, and even worse,
a comeback. I need my story rewritten just like Daenerys was robbed of her dragons and character development. That’s right, I’m Shangela Stormborn, the Mad Queen. I need a petition by all the viewers to demand justice from Logo TV or Netflix or wherever we are right now. Baby. I’ve been living off some snacks I brought...”
“Yup,” Detective Inspector Lestrade confirms. “The first winner of RuPaul’s Drag Race UK. Judge Graham Norton called him an....
“So today’s activities will go as planned. Every current suitor will attend the date.” Jonathan looks at everyone’s face, one by one.
Previously on 'Ghosting John Watson': John asked 'the ghost of Sherlock' why he killed himself in front of him.
“You’ve got a slight callus on your neck that you only see in doctors, who have to wear stethoscopes often. Quite faded though, so you’ve been out of rotation. You were introduced as an army veteran, and you’ve got a limp, which means your discharge was slightly traumatic. Possibly you’ve turned your back on healing people for a while, possibly you’ve given up on yourself - that
“Remember,” RuPaul says. “The goal is to turn them into your fabulous drag queen sisters. Family resemblance is important. Now gentlemen, start your engines. And may the best woman win!”
am, of course,” a low voice grumbles suddenly from behind him. It’s Sherlock, positioning himself next to John. He’s wearing a tight suit, perfectly tailored. John doubts it’s a Mark Powell suit though.
, on my belly”, Sherlock hastily says, while being literally dragged into the bedroom. John holds Sherlock completely still in front of him for a moment, to enjoy the sight of Sherlock's back arched backwards from the pull on his curls. John pushes his growing erection against Sherlock's hip. The detective makes an strangled noise. For a minute, John traces Sherlock's long neck with his free hand, then pushes the man onto his bed.
All the stories are accompanied by the same two pictures - screenshots of John showing Sherlock how to give a massage. Shot from above, by a security camera of sorts. Or perhaps one the production team put there? One of the pictures is fairly innocent, though perhaps not to Sherlock - with John rubbing his scar-ridden back. But the other shows John with his hand almost touching his ass. Enlarged and zoomed in, it’s rather grainy, so it looks worse than it was. More… invasive.
The Apollo Victoria is the biggest London theatre, and carries its past and current glory like a mythical beast. John fondly remembers coming here with his schoolmates during the 18 year run of Starlight Express, the epic skating musical for which tracks were built inside the auditorium, through the stalls and even in the balcony. Since 2002 the tracks have disappeared to make room for more seats, and its new success musical: Wicked.
Sherlock lifts his arms to shield himself, tries to pull away, but John stops him. He waits patiently until Sherlock looks him in the eyes.
Jonathan pushes a glass of champagne in Sherlock’s hand, and leans in for a brief, soft kiss on the lips. Sherlock kisses back, but in his hand, John can see the glass shaking.
While the water splits on John’s shoulders, he’s glad to have the quiet time to himself. He needs to think.
“You better clear your schedule for the next two weeks,” John says, releasing Sherlock’s thumb from his mouth. “I need my detective, because I plan on committing murder over and over again.”
Sarah Sawyer looks stunning when John picks her up to leave for the party. Well, picking up: he has taken the tube to her flat, to save some money for the cab later. How else do you accompany a lady around London?
John dashes towards the bedroom, then briefly hesitates, his hand hovering over the doorknob. He hears soft voices.
He’s also been prodded with microphones to record sound bites. “I’m very happy to be here, and yes, I do think I have as much of a shot with Wilson as anyone,” Janine made him say. And “Me and Sherlock have never fought over a guy before, so this will be so much fun.”
“I was made aware earlier of the fact that you, Stephen, have been sleeping with another contestant behind my back.”
“Why? Are you afraid I’ll ruin your secret agent plan? Are you here as family, or as the government?”
John can’t help but laugh. How could that possibly be good? He’ll have to go home, alone, and find out the truth on telly, once the show is aired.
Lestrade looks like his jaw has decided to start a new life in the South Pole. “Wow, John,” he says. “You almost sound like Sherlock.”
He points the tip of the laser to the table edge in between Sherlock’s feet, and turns it on. A powerful beam slowly starts cutting the table in half, edging slowly up between Sherlock’s legs.
“It's very straightforward, John. A man is being threatened. He's about to be the subject of interest on a televised dating show. The showrunners got a threatening note and they asked me, Sherlock Holmes, the world's only consulting detective, to look into it.”
Miley, who appears to have gotten instructions through her earpiece, pushes them apart once more. “Alright, alright. You’re both fired!”
“It’s upstairs,” John says, and he treads behind Tan, Jonathan and Bobby as they excitedly mount the staircase. Better to rip off the band-aid quickly.
. ‘I’ for Irene. You never could resist a touch of the dramatic, could you? And the codes for the escape room. 23537 - on a cellphone keypad, it spells ADLER. And 1058, it suddenly came to me where I heard that number before. You used it, as a fake code when I was trying to figure out how to unlock your phone.”
John does the only logical thing he can think of, now. He drops his fork, ducks under the table to pick it up, then while rising he casually lays his hand on Sherlock’s leg, on Sherlock’s other hand that was resting there.
Irene approaches him slowly, while keeping her gun aimed at him with one finely manicured hand, nails gleaming in a particularly deadly shade of red. “You already know what I want.”
They have sorrow to drown indeed. When the exquisitely smelling roast beef arrives, John stares sadly at his plate.
John feels his cheeks burning. That’s not what he meant. It’s not about Sherlock being gay or not (is it? is he?).
Mycroft steps up to the pulpit, holding a piece of paper. Oh, Sherlock notes while he takes a seat. Seems rather short. Disappointing.
“John was just showing me how to give a massage,” John says into the microphone, “you know how the press are. They blow things up.”
She stops just short of Sherlock and leans close. She caresses his neck with her gun. “Come on now. Impress a girl.”
“Anyway, She-lock. You’ve been receiving some harsh critiques on your aesthetic from the judges...” Ru continues.
Sherlock glares at him, but Mycroft pays him no mind and turns to Q. “What have you got for us, old boy?”
He watches as a young, boyish-looking man steps up to RuPaul, presenter of this quite peculiar reality show. Ru and seven contestants are standing in a hideous pink room filled with tables, wigs and dresses.
“You're the blogger”, Penelope smiles. She has perfectly white teeth, but one is slightly crooked, John notices. He decides to stop staring at her mouth immediately, and nods.
“Keep the cotton balls high enough in your cheek, and it won’t affect your speech,” Wiggins suggests.
Jonathan smiles, but before he can make a joke, Sherlock picks up speed. Like a deduction, but about himself, and in all the wrong ways.
But in the past, he has had sex before, of course, outside of an actual relationship. Some of those women were his friends, too. Those friendships usually lasted past the physical aspect, or just withered because of his job in the army, with John always being abroad. Nothing to do with the sex. It was all fine.
-Everybody loves puppets: a phrase the queens say during the annual mini challenge where they have to make fun of each other using puppets. First uttered by Sharon Needles
Then, in a swift and natural movement, Jonathan leans forward and presses his lips softly against Sherlock’s. Their arms are stuck by their sides because of the cramped space, but Jonathan manages to pull one hand free and softly strokes Sherlock’s neck as he deepens the kiss. His fingers wrap around his curls as he opens his mouth over Sherlock’s. A tiny whimper escapes Sherlock’s throat. It is a dance. A stock still dance with careful steps and breathtaking turns.
“I’m inside,” he whispers into the telephone. “Sorry about what I said about your age. You’re good, eh,
“It’s for the people who mourn you,” Mycroft says, suddenly softer now. “Can’t you see that this is torture… for John?”
He rolls up his sleeve. On his arm, there are numbers and letters in smeared red lipstick: 52°22’N 4°54’E.
“No,” Lestrade says. “And anyway, I need to get out of these heels. You stay here, I’ll walk Sharon out.”
“John.” Sherlock fumbles with his vicar’s clothes, and slides his fingers through his slicked-back hair, loosening it a bit. A single rebel curl falls onto his forehead.
But he should really be careful. Sex can get emotional. What if Sherlock accidentally falls in love with him?
Sherlock practically rips John’s jumper from Bobby’s chest. Bobby tries to linger, and grabs John’s shoulders: “My first job was at Bed Bath and Beyond,” he whispers.
In the bedroom, John finds a storage box shaped like a stack of books. The top one reads ‘The Divine Comedy’. He tries to open it, but it won’t budge.
John stops in his tracks and turns on his heels. Silence falls. Nobody breathes. Sherlock refuses to look up.
“We’re talking about your drag persona, John,” She-lock says. “Don’t get your tucking panties in a twist about something as boring as gender. I don’t have time for your gender identity crisis storyline, I need you to pas-de-deux to the top with me. No, wearing a skirt won’t make you gay. No, wearing lipstick doesn’t make you any less of a man. Yes, some drag queens are trans, and no, not all drag queens want to be a woman, and
“I’m sure you will,” Ru says, leaning over the work table. “Have you come up with a name for your new sister yet?”
Meanwhile, Sherlock reaches into his Belstaff and puts the deerstalker hat on his curls, but John gets distracted when the garage door slowly rises.
The group date takes place in Hyde Park. The contestants stand patiently in the hot, blazing sun while Janine runs around cursing at camera operators, Jonathan is being powdered excessively and in the background of it all, three horses stand waiting. Waiting, and pooping.
Sherlock enters and takes in his surroundings. Smelly mattresses, empty syringes, stains - most likely pee - and small cracks that let in a bit of sunlight. He points to one, weirdly festive candle. “Squat goals!”
Then, when Sherlock puts his hand over John’s mouth, John takes one of his long fingers in his mouth and sucks it. It’s enough to tip Sherlock over the edge. John feels Sherlock’s penis contract inside him, and Sherlock’s legs twitch as he half shouts into John’s shoulder. It is with an urgency, with a passion, the release of something almost painfully hard to shake.
Mycroft nods curtly and walks up to the front row, where more family members have started to gather. Sherlock watches him shaking hands and accepting condolences, stiffly and politely. Right. How does one perform a funeral again? Where are the altar boys? Or was that only in Catholic churches? Sherlock looks around rather lost, walks up to the altar, fiddles with some paper - and then freezes.
Sherlock gets up from the wooden chair, an immediate relief from his lingering back pain. He strokes his fake beard thoughtfully. Halloween…. Might be a busy night, then. God knows he could use the cash, since Mycroft cut him off.
They’re all seated at a large table in an apocalypse-themed restaurant. The walls are decorated with pictures of destruction and posters of the movie ‘2012’, and on the menu there are lava cakes, tongue twisters and ‘apocalypse bowls’. Lovely, John thinks. This perfectly sets the mood for
“Bitch, I’m gagging,” Latrice says, walking with her shoes in one hand and sipping a cocktail in the other. “Jesus. I need a biscuit.”
Not about penises, not about Sherlock’s penis - which the Woman definitely did not see. John is definitely, definitely almost certain of it.
Sherlock did ask him for blowjob lessons this morning. And even if he played it off as ‘body just being transport’, John knows him too well to really buy into that. When Sherlock kissed Jonathan in the jacuzzi, there was real emotion on his face, it was more than just pretending for telly. This can’t be about double-crossing a wanker like David. Jonathan Wilson has touched a nerve in Sherlock, awakened a longing of sorts, and Sherlock would clearly like to explore that - safely.
“And this requires your specific skillset. Ex-military. Doctor. You’d be fine getting shot at, as well as tending to bullet wounds,” Mycroft says.
in the fridge, Sherlock. This piano is… Do you play? Look at this posh Donald Duck! Is this what rich people like?”
Sherlock, of course, gets the third rose. John smiles at Jonathan knowingly. He might be playing it cool, by only giving the third rose, but that’s a classic move. Jonathan is hiding how much he’s really into Sherlock.
So someone else then. Maybe Mrs Hudson got her hands on it, and brought it home, as some sort of… gift? A sombre keepsake. Maybe she found it in a charity shop.
