Cas blinked at her, surprised by the statement. “No, actually, I-” He broke off, clearing his throat once, and gathering his thoughts. “I believe the two of you complement one another well,” he told her honestly. He smiled, glancing at his own other half, a match many would’ve never expected themselves. “Some people simply belong together, despite what others believe to be insurmountable differences between them.”
For now, though. He’s sure as hell not complaining.
Well. I, being the absolutely unhinged, Destiel trash individual I am, took this parody and ran
he hissed patronizingly.
he said. And he clasped Dean’s hand in his.
“Satisfied with the customer service, then, Moose?” the demon asks, his tone jovial and a faint smile tugging at the corner of his mouth.
He'd spent hours on the internet, paging through artist forums and blog posts and crafting store sites on the sly until he’d felt satisfied in having found the very best sketching pencils the web had to offer. They were made with high quality charcoal that people (real people, not bots) swore up and down glided like butter over the page, any page, and he found a sketchbook that was just the right size and just the right texture in the paper, one with a spiral binding and black cover that spoke to simplicity but not to cheapness.
that there’s a whole bar full of
“Dean, you have to fight this,” Cas said desperately. It was what they always ended up saying when all else had failed, when there was nothing left to them but slim hope; but in this moment, he wasn’t sure just what the phrase was meant to do. Where the sentiment was meant to go.
“Dean,” Cas rumbled. “I don’t think it would be useful to start discussing the ways in which we have both hurt each other. I promise. I will keep you safe.”
Dean grumbled, trying to push through to the depths of coma-like exhaustion that passed for sleep these days. Fighting the Mark drained him like nothing else ever had. But the demon didn’t let him leave, watching his vain efforts to slip away with what looked like a dusting of smug amusement.
And he knew how often Dean’s fear looked almost exactly the same.
Dean’s mouth quirked. “I think you might’ve gotten things a little out of order,” he remarked.
began to saturate the air. He sighed, flopping back against the coveted couch cushions.
I kissed you Cas, and I liked it
Sam is skeptical, as almost anyone would be when the king of Hell is offering to help set up their irritatingly closeted brother and the angel of the Lord he's been gay for for over a decade. He crosses his arms.
“This is why your contact name in my phone is Dean Wincheddar,” the younger friend replied, shaking his head in mock disappointment. “I can’t believe one of my best customers is so damn
Picture this: it's a normal evening, I'm chatting on Discord with my buds. When suddenly, for some reason I can't for the life of me remember now, my dude Emrys churns out an epic parody of "I Kissed A Girl" as sung by Dean to Cas. (The SPN-ified song parodies happen way more often than you'd expect, honestly. See the next chapter for the parody itself!)
He swallows to dispel the sudden dryness in his mouth. “Yeah, like that. Now, to take the shot, you’ve got three steps: you lick the salt off your hand, slam the shot, and then suck on the lime right afterwards. Got it?”
or a comment on the intensity of his stare. This was different.
Dean is gonna let that continue.
for as long as you have. I could practically
to stop. “Don’t… don’t go.”
game.
Dean arrived at the Bunker just in time for the night’s round of movies to start, and Charlie had all but clocked his trip to gather supplies- her acclaimed spot officially the long couch’s corner in the den, which was surrounded by the most blankets.
Except Dean forgets how tipsy he is, and that his coordination isn’t great. His flannel gets twisted around his shaky, traitorous hands, and he— he’s
So fucked up that he tells Cas the truth. “No, I…” he swallows. “I like you. A lot.”
Not just a joke, or an irritated
that we’re…” he looked around as if looking for the words, like he might find the answers to all of his problems in a pair of blue eyes that weren’t there to supply them. “Damnit.” He slouched back, as if in defeat, his lower lip curling forward into the slightest of pouts so innocent, it seemed as though he’d stolen it from simpler times.
He was so happy that Dean seemed to understand.
“Yeah, I know that, but
“It would’ve been nicer if you hadn’t decided to interrupt,” Cas growled, eyes narrowed.
Maybe Rowena was right on this one.
God. Is every single one of his bad decisions gonna come back to haunt him tonight?
They pick up their shot glasses, and Dean clinks his gently against Cas’. “Alrighty, then. Angel’s first tequila shot. Bottoms up.”
This was all he needed, he decided.
It’s in a terrible spot: he’ll have to bounce it off the wall of the table and avoid Cas’ last two object balls if he even wants to
Cas opened his mouth, but the righteous protectiveness brimming in his eyes only secured Dean in what he was about to do next.
Still together.
so emasculated, and certainly not at his own hands.
“I returned to the Bunker and Sam told me he’d last seen you in your room. When I came to check on you, your airway was constricted. Your breathing was shallow.” He blinked, his gaze serious and concerned. “Are you alright now?”
Boom.”
“Cas,” Dean rasped as he backed away, a single, desperate syllable. “Cas, get away from me.”
Dean grins, grabbing his jacket and keys. “Damn right I am. Now c’mon, time’s a’ wastin’. I hear a couple of cold ones calling our names.”
Dean smiled, looking over at where Cas had begun to walk further into the living room, just out of earshot from them. “Yeah, we are happy,” the Winchester murmured back. “He’s special, Laur."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s not sure if Cas knows what he’s doing, or if he really is
and he just agreed to play
destiny and his magic are a whole ‘nother thing. He’s done a few things that he regrets, you know, made mistakes that got people hurt when he was trying to do the opposite, but he’s a really good guy.” Caleb then grinned, trying to find an image of the comic pages he wanted. “The two of them get married eventually, by the way, it’s pretty great. Plus, there’s this scene in the 2013 Young Avengers arc where their Space Gay energy basically saved the universe? So go figure.” He leaned in, whispering loudly enough for everyone to hear. “You guys should
in his hair, and he hadn’t been quiet about it. He does
Maybe even the three words that he’d never had the courage to do more than think.
if you gave me your best shot.” He leaned forward. “Don't tell me that doesn't sound like fun.”
Dean glanced to his left, and found himself met with a willing twitch in the corner of his better half’s mouth as Cas rose to his feet, and made the same gestural offer. Caleb let loose a whistle, happily clapping with Kamala at his side as the two men got up and both couples began to dance, smiles alight on all their faces as the lyrics continued to circle.
What? Sue him. Pushing Cas’ buttons is fun.
And Dean doesn’t know what the hell was in that shot, but he is fucked
He mouthed the words, eyes tracing the pictures, and looked up at Dean, one of his eyebrows quirking in question. He opened his mouth to speak, but then Jack appeared at his side, the faint ruffling of feathers accompanying his flight from his room to where the others were gathered.
And all of a sudden, like the sun coming out from behind the clouds, the sound of his name in the mouth of the angel who’d saved him
fina—”
I don't have too much to say, surprisingly. Those of you who know my work know I have a penchant for lengthy notes and summaries, but not this time, looks like. I hope you're all having an amazing holiday, and that you're curled in how many ever blankets it is that makes your heart happiest.
was audible, as was a hushed sound of delight followed by,
Dean stops, eyes wide. Because Cas’ hands are tight over his hips and he’s all up in Dean’s space, barely an inch away. “I… what?”
Dean momentarily froze, something about those descriptions hitting home in a way he didn’t want to admit. A way that was real, but real in a respect exclusive to the past. He’d gotten
“Oh man,” Kamala said, leaning over as far as she could from her position on the floor so that she and Cas could both see the phone in her hands. “Finally, education time. So, Moondragon- her father was this musician named Arthur Douglas, right, but he-”
“Here,” Cas says with a laugh. “Allow me.”
it.” He shudders. “Honestly, it was part of the reason why I was so eager to give him back when you came looking. I thought you might be able to… well, I might’ve said ‘straighten him out’, but that’s rather the opposite of what he needed, isn’t it? What he
“She’ll want to be here when we throw the party.”
Dean stifles a gasp as a hand lands on his shoulder, his eyes snapping to Cas’. Because
“Me, skimp on the cocoa?” Nina scoffed, the small elf-ear headband balanced over short, black bangs and olive-tan skin rocking back and forth affrontedly. “Dean Winchester, I am offended. After everything I have done for you.” She shook her head admonishingly and looked over at Cas, then grinned, leaning out the window to get a better look at him. “Heyy, is this your guy? The one you never stop talking about?”
Sam gave his brother a wry look, and handed the hoodies off, more than happy to let him take the responsibility for whatever happened next.
Cas nods, picking up a lime and tucking it into the fingers of his salty hand the same way Dean already has. “Yes. Lick it, slam it, suck it.”
But in that moment, Castiel
But it turns out that what
the demon said, unphased, his voice edging between a salacious suggestion and a note of command that no longer seemed interested in playing games.
Sam gives Dean a look, but he just grins and then turns back to Cas. Crowley’s smile widens, his eyes glittering with anticipation. “Oh, this is almost
Sam doesn’t know if he likes where this is going. “So what?”
Nope. If life was the eternal party, Cas was older than him by millennia. A second nope: Cas had realized he was in love long before Dean had. And for the love of god, Cas kept a way better schedule than he did, so he was very literally the first one to arrive at anything planned. So,
Sam turned them over, recognizing the softness and general shape of a pair of identical hoodies, but when he turned them over to the front…
A bond profound and yet so bold,
“Yess,” she fist pumped, with the triumphant sound effect to match. “Alright, first movie in the queue is…” she said aloud, navigating the television in front of them. “Home Alone. So, take a shot,” she decided, “every time Kevin pulls one over on Harry and Marv. Or any time Kevin screams.”
that simmered under his skin toward any being that would dare reduce the brightest soul he’d ever beheld to the mess of doubt and fear in front of him.
The demon grinned, his black eyes dead and shark-like.
“Don’t insult my intelligence, Samuel,” she told him, loosely scoffing. “Anyone with eyes and half a brain can see it in his face. And after the last time you called me? You can’t blame me if I’d finally had enough.”
Sam wanted to remain stoic, but finally sighed, admitting it. “Yes.”
“So, anyway…” a young man named Caleb was now saying, taking a sip of his beer mid-story while the others all listened raptly. “I turn around, right, thinking the guy’s finally gone, you know, that he’ll maybe let me run my store in peace. But five minutes later, I hear a knock at the door, and see an entire
Dean went still.
your grace burn you out from the inside. Or maybe I’d start with your angel blade.” Dean braced himself against the wall as he rose to his feet, his fingers closing over empty air as if craving the hilt of a knife. “Then again, I could just cut you open with both at once. So many
“You’re free, Dean,” Cas whispered.
He had nothing to say.
Dean gave him a skeptic look, but took the phone and pressed play anyway, beginning to watch with an expression as braced as he could make it. In truth, he was mostly praying he hadn’t said anything stupid. He knew over a dozen words in enochian that had surprised the hell out of him when he’d found out they existed, given just how ungodly they were, and if he’d somehow
Cas sets the black plastic triangle aside, taking the chalk from Dean and preparing his own cue. “I don’t have any money of my own. And I can’t think of anything else I have that you want.”
brushing against the cotton-wool doorway to oblivion— when, right on time, that little voice came a-knocking, greeting him with a glinting in it’s eyes that Dean could practically
Dean gave a soft scoff. “Morning to you too, Cas,” he murmured back.
opportunity for a wink and some cheeky innuendo. Sadly, things being what they are, he just has to mourn the lost opportunity and move on.
Dean groaned.
-:-:-:-
Because what Dean does instead is reach out, wrap his hand around Cas’ tie, and pull him into a messy, artless kiss.
Anything.
to walk into the same bar as us? I’d say it was a nice try, but that’s some of the least believable bullshit I’ve heard in a while.”
At this, Cas went still.
“I know we’ve already been through the wringer with these hoodies and everything,” Dean began, a small flush of red rising to his cheeks, “but...I’ve actually got something else for you. Your
Cas knew what the hoodies meant.
"Packaging these days makes no sense," the girl working the desk shift told him. "Just recycle it."
“Huh,” Dean breathed, a hand hovering above his lips as if in awe. “Sounds like a hell of a guy.”
“So how long have you been holdin’ onto that one, huh?” Dean asked, his voice low, stepping forward and slowly placing his hands over Cas’s waist. “Coulda sworn you gave up trying to write poetry.”
I think, this is heaven
There’d been a while there, after Cas had gotten himself exiled from Heaven and asked if he could stay at the Bunker, when Sam had been sure something was gonna happen. But it just… didn’t. And recently, he’s pretty sure the uncertainty has finally got to be too much for Dean, too: he’s been vacillating between guarded flirting and getting pissed off at Cas for no reason, with periods of normalcy oddly sprinkled in between. Cas gives as good as he gets when Dean’s on the bitch-fit end of things, at least, but Sam’s afraid that eventually he’ll get fed up with Dean’s hot and cold attitude and leave. And Sam’s not eager to lose his best friend, or to find out what that would do to Dean if it happens.
“What did those enochian words mean, Dean?” Sam asked gently, touched that his brother would turn to learning an ancient language just for Cas.
Cas opened his mouth, but he was given no opportunity to speak.
Crowley laughs. “As far as I’m concerned, the credit falls to the both of us, simply for having withstood that
I don’t
“This year…”
to know what he’s doing to Dean. There’s no way he doesn’t. Dean’s crisis, which had faded into the background a little during the game, returns with a vengeance, and Dean is going to die. He’s just. He’s just gonna keel over right here so he doesn’t have to deal with the implications of this situation.
“Are you sure you’re alright, Dean?” Castiel asked him gently. “Your soul, it appears… tense.” Some of the softness disappeared, replaced by Cas’ particular brand of worry. “Was the source of your initial headache the Mark?”
Dean looks at him, giving him fair warning, then slides his arm lightly around his waist, resting his hand on the small of Cas’ back. He slides his thumb back and forth over one of the knobs of Cas’ spine. That feels good. That feels far too good. Cas should shift away, put more distance between them, but can’t.
Dean laughed. “You lush, you. How long before dinner’s ready?”
When they get to the enormous doorway leading into the dining room, he reaches forward and catches Cas’ hand in his, lacing their fingers together and stroking his thumb over Cas’ knuckles.
There was so much to do. So much. He had to study up on Sandover and the products they sold. He wanted to actually see them, see how they were produced, learn how they were used. He needed to meet clients. He needed to make connections with the people who reported to him. He needed to learn how the financials worked, how the commission system worked, who did what and how to get and stay on their good sides.
Fuck.
“Naomi Ross has tendered her resignation, effective immediately.”
“Because they seem to have a rich fantasy life. There are notes about research into legendary sorcerers, such as Merlin, Hecate, John Dee, Roger Bolingbroke, Circe, Malak, Morgan le Fay… and also, I think, commentary on exploring the use of magic.”
And Billie? Billie kicked ass.
She sighed, then stepped away again, her skirts rustling with the movement.
Dean refuses to acknowledge that this may be most a rationalization to do what he wants to do anyhow, but hey, that doesn’t mean it isn’t a good idea.
“Yeah, but.
“Ostracized more than outright bullied, but yes. I was not invited into the social groups that formed during my secondary education. When I got to college, I hoped that would change, that since the people there didn’t know me, they might form different opinions. Bartholomew introduced himself to me on my second night on campus. He was friendly and interested in me, in what I had to say. He invited me along to social engagements and didn’t take no for an answer. I… was flattered. He was handsome and able to take command of any group of people easily. I was just beginning to come to terms with my own sexuality, and he facilitated my discovery. By the end of the first year we were a couple. I thought… I thought that we would be together always. I thought that he loved me, and love is not something I have had so much of that I was able to look at the situation critically.”
Cas nodded. “Very well. I’ll be there. Thank you, Dean.”
“Now’s our chance for what?”
“It’s the end of February now… we’re probably talking another month or so before we can move into cosmetic issues. If you want to just keep plowing ahead. You might want to take a little break here and there. And take some time to really plan out what you want to do for the major things. You’ve barely started living here.”
“Land, primarily. Coupled with investments in various stocks and bonds. Unimportant to the topic at hand, however. It seems that Mr. Roman has an interest in rare books and documents, particularly those that predate the invention of the printing press. It seems he has a notable private collection. Some of the works he owns have never been translated into English. He expressed an interest in having our expert examine some of his pieces and perhaps provide a translation. In exchange he intimated that he may be interested in making a sizable donation to the Museum, even so far as sponsoring a collection to carry his name. The Roman Collection of Rare Works.” The Director’s eyes took on a gleam of fervor. “Hadn’t you said something about some pieces potentially coming to the market in Scotland? We might be able to afford to send you there to evaluate their suitability for the Museum.”
“Mildred could have come here instead.”
Shit.
Cas blushes adorably, the blush that starts at the back of his neck and spreads up to turn his ears pink. “Yes, well… we wanted to avoid the awkwardness, with the roommates situation and all, if for some reason it didn’t work out.”
Castiel stifled a momentary pang of envy over how comfortable Dean was in his skin. He wasn’t sure he was ever as relaxed as Dean was. Though, to be fair, at the moment that easy grace seemed forced rather than natural. “I know enough. He’s only recently arrived in Havenport, making some investments in local businesses. He has a large personal fortune, and a collection of rare books that would make an admirable addition to this museum.”
“No, I haven’t. Just scoped out whether or not he’s available. Timewise. Not in the romantic sense. Though he is. You know, just in case you were wondering.”
“Not quite sure how, yet, but I hope so. Sometimes the strangest things end up being the key to a case, you know?” He stood up and went to get his coat, shrugging into it.
The flight is horrible, absolutely horrible, though Cas helps him find ways to address his anxiety without making him feel less for it. “Everyone has things they deal with less well than others,” he comments philosophically. “For you, it’s flying in an airplane. Or in anything, really, though we should test out a hot air balloon sometime.”
“Cas. Do you feel up to making a statement? Or do you want to do that later?”
Dean swallowed and played with a pen to give himself a moment. Damn, did this guy have any idea how hot he was? He hit all of Dean’s check boxes. Dark hair just long enough to bury his fingers in? Check. Intense blue eyes? Check. Killer thighs? Check. And that voice… shit.
They’ve just returned to Ground Zero, as Dean starts to call it, after a round of target shooting that Dean kicked ass at. Cas isn’t surprised by it. Dean has told him that his dad taught him how to shoot when he was eight, and made him learn how to do it well. Michael and Lucius muttered somethings about redneck hicks. Dean didn’t reply, just blew them out of the water with whichever weapon they chose to shoot with.
The front door opened and Gabriel stepped out, wearing a purple suit with a black and red vampire cape. “Good EVE-en-ning!”
He’s glad that Dean can’t see his expression, but he has the sinking sensation that Gabriel can, and also knows him well enough to read it correctly. There’s a little flicker in Gabe’s expression that worries him. He isn’t sure if it’s better to ignore him, or try and head him off at the pass somehow by talking to him alone.
“Danny wants to ‘take a break’,” Cas says, emphasizing the phrase with air quotes. “He wants to see other people while we explore whether or not we’re actually ‘end game’ or not.”
Dean hadn’t had any idea what hummus was until the first time he’d seen Cas eating it, and asked what the hell that baby-food looking stuff was.
That was both disturbing and strangely compelling at the same time. How could he find that attractive? How? Maybe it was the sheer competence. Castiel had always admired proficiency in others, no matter what the skill.
He hasn’t seen any of Cas’ family in years. He hears stories all the time. Cas goes to his parents’ home at least once a year, usually twice, but no one except Gabe has actually come out to visit since college graduation. He gets it. It’s a lot easier and cheaper for one person to travel to the family rather than for the family to travel to one person. Cas insists that it makes the most sense that way. Still, Dean thinks that he would like it very much if they were to come visit him occasionally.
“You can tell a lot by whether someone laughs or groans at them. Or, sometimes, a combination of the two.”
Cas has to laugh at that. “Yes. Yes, she does.”
“I haven’t been here in Havenport for long, but this library has been my priority. The rest of the house isn’t as well-appointed. Given your expertise, however, I doubt your interest lies elsewhere.”
“We’ve already determined that the grocer will deliver, and that I can have things shipped directly here as well. I’ll look into getting a car, though perhaps not right away. There are so many other things to be done. We haven’t gotten very far yet in sorting through Great Aunt Hester’s belongings.”
Cas paused and looked over his shoulder at Dean, waiting a moment for him to catch up.
“Yeah?” Dean looks around. He can’t see that it’s much different from what they’ve been seeing, from the time they left the Washington DC urban sprawl behind them. “Do we need to talk more about how we’re going to do this, before we actually get there?” He probably should have brought it up before this, but he was too busy getting the time off and making sure he had clothes that wouldn’t embarrass him at an east-coast high society wedding.
“How much do you know about Roman?” Dean asked. He leaned back in his chair, folding his hands over his stomach and stretching one leg out.
“Me, me, me!”
It’s one thing to share a bed with a good friend. It’s quite another to share one with someone he’s attracted to, and has been for years.
He wants that. He wants someone who’s all of that for him, with him. The problem? The problem is that the only person who could possibly fit the bill is sitting next to him, oblivious to everything that Dean is feeling. Cas loves him, Dean knows he does. Just not the way that Dean wants to be loved.
They didn’t talk much during dinner. It seemed that Cas needed the time to process what had happened without words, and Dean was more than content to give him the time he needed. He had some anger to work through himself. It was a good thing that the oldest Novak brothers were a few states away. Even so, it was tempting to jump in his car, tear across the country through the night, all for the pleasure of giving them shiners to match or, preferably, surpass the one that Cas was going to be sporting.
Dean pulled up at Singer Salvage and got out of his truck, carefully avoiding the puddles. There had been rain that morning, too much for it to be easily absorbed, especially in the packed earth outside Bobby’s place. Cas got out more slowly, tilting his head to the side as he looked around. “This does not look like a safe environment for children,” he commented.
Dean pulled a small notebook from his inner coat pocket, scribbled an address and passed it to Castiel. “Thank you for the recommendation, Cas. I’m sure I’ll see you again soon.” Cas stood, shook Dean’s hand, and left. Even before the door closed behind him, Dean had shifted over to question the young men more closely.
“Oh.” He considered that, then shook his head. “No, thank you. I appreciate the offer, but not today.”
“Lots, though honestly, most of them were the typical high school and college sorts of jobs. I helped out in my uncle’s mechanic shop. Did some time as a server. Mowed lawns and shoveled driveways before I was old enough for anything else. A little bit of retail, though I hated that and got out of it as soon as I could find something, anything, else. Started in sales my senior year of college, and haven’t looked back.”
The fondness in Dean’s voice made Cas’ chest feel warm. Of all his characters, in many ways Alek was closest to himself. For Dean to claim him as his favorite character? He didn’t quite know what to do with that. It probably meant nothing. Alek was, after all, a fictional character. Feelings didn’t necessarily translate from fiction to reality.
“Mind if I steal your brother for a little while?” Dean continues without interruption. “I’m thinking that the view over there has to be amazing.” He nods towards a pathway leading away from the clubhouse up to a garden bench perched atop a rise.
Dean nodded unhappily. “As an investigator, you’re trained never to tell what you know. You need to listen to what people say, figure out who knows what, try and get corroborating evidence without prompting it. Doesn’t mean I don’t feel horrible about it right now.”
Completely oblivious, Cas moved a little closer. “In that case, yes. I would very much enjoy learning from you, and having a hand in crafting my own bookshelves.”
“Yeah, there are a couple of the external ones that look really promising. I’m looking forward to talking to them. Billie, especially. She looks pretty kick-ass on her resume. Still, I have to give the internal people a fair chance. Maybe they’ll surprise me in the interviews.” Dean felt trapped – but knew it was of his own making. He didn’t want to talk about job candidates, but he couldn’t talk about the things he did want to. Things like what was Cas’ ideal date, was he even interested in dating, or hooking up. Did he hook up? He didn’t seem like the type, but he also didn’t seem like the type that would kiss and tell, so the mystery remained.
Cas glares at him.
we’re dating. It needs to be believable.”
He had no idea he was going to be miserable, knowing for such a short time what it would really be like, and then having that happiness taken away from him again while Cas was still just. Right. There.
Cas turned his lemonade glass in his hands, remarkably fascinated by watching the bits of lemonade pulp swirl around. He glanced up at Dean through his lashes, then back down to the lemonade, and caught his lower lip between his teeth.
And he shook his head.
that experience.
“If you think of the specific instance, let me know, hm?”
“Good afternoon.”
“Too?” That? That was too much. Dean leaned down and kissed Cas again.
Winchester’s grin faded, and he cleared his throat. “Yes, well.” He reached up to rub at his chin. “Can you read it? As I was saying, I am a private detective, and this book may be relevant to a case I’m working. I need to know what it says.”
“Oh yeah. Sometimes I forget that you grew up rich.”
Dean couldn’t see it, but he was entirely certain Cas was rolling his eyes right now.
“Is that what it is? All I could tell is that it sure as hell isn’t English.” Mr. Winchester grinned, a dimple flashing in his cheek.
Cas heard Dean go to the door, and a moment later the truck trundled off down the gravel drive. Then there was the distinctive sound of Dean’s work boots ascending the stairs.
“Heya, Cas. Smells awesome. What are we making tonight?” He walked right into the kitchen and up to the stove, where Cas was stirring some meat mixture in a frypan. The kitchen was small but tidy. The walls were painted a cheerful buttery yellow, with red and black accents. There were plenty of mismatched elements too. The cookie jar was a monstrously ugly thing – a porcelain vase of flowers, the vase a horrible sickly green, and the flowers badly formed. But Cas had gotten it for his last birthday from Claire, who found it at a neighbor’s garage sale, and it therefore held pride of place in the kitchen.
“Show me where they are and I’ll take care of it. Clean up first, before you fall over asleep right on your floor.”
“Uninvited.”
“If someone actually laughs, especially when it’s obvious they also wanted to groan at just how bad it was, then their sense of humor is stronger than their sense of intellectual superiority. I don’t mind actual intellectual superiority, mind you. But I prefer not to have to deal with a condescending attitude.”
“This is an unusual sculpture,” Castiel observed. “I don’t recognize the style. Is it European?”
Once in a while Dean would take a drink of water and surreptitiously watch Cas, admiring the way the muscles of his back moved under his dirt-smudged shirt, the way his thighs bulged when he squatted down to clean rocks and weeds from the newly defined flower beds, and the way his hair got even wilder and more mussed when he impatiently pushed it back from his brow.
The day was more pleasant than yesterday had been, with a hint of warmth and coming spring in the air. Perhaps he hadn’t even needed the scarf. Rather than wrapping it around his neck, he left it draped over his shoulders.
“You do realize that boyfriendy isn’t actually a word, right?”
“Uh huh.” Sam reached out to touch the unfinished panel. The wood was partially carved out, the design drawn on the surface with a carpenter’s pencil. He drew his finger along the lines of the background honeycomb, design, then the central bee. Dean’s carving tools rested alongside the block of wood with curls of wood shavings.
“I miss Mommy and Daddy,” Claire said sadly.
Dean blew out a breath. “So the fire department made sure all of the accelerant was neutralized?”
“I invited my friend Kevin, from the comic shop, but he’s not sure he can make it. So just you and me so far. Thought I’d invite Cas. You think he’d come?”
“What?” Cas is startled when Dean takes his elbow.
“Minor injuries mean you got hurt,” Dean pointed out. “Where? Let me see. Anything other than that eye? You’re going to have one hell of a shiner from that.”
Human. Security, judging by the uniform and the armaments. Black leather jacket with scarlet trim, a stand-up collar with Michael’s sword emblem pinned at the corners, a scarlet shirt under the jacket. The uniform fit the man well, skimming his broad shoulders and the line of his arms. His lower body was hidden behind the pierced marble barrier edging the balcony, his hands lightly gripping the balustrade as he leaned forward, watching Castiel and the aftermath of his nearly disastrous stumble.
“So do I, sweetheart, so do I.”
“Yes,” Cas confirms, sounding uncertain and even a little embarrassed. “It’s rather ostentatious, I know.”
If Cas was feeling comfortable enough in Caroline now that he was considering ways to branch out from the familiarity of his home, Dean would do everything in his power to enable that.
“No. Let’s consider our options a little longer, but we can’t afford to take too long to decide. Perhaps bring in Gabriel as well, so that it isn’t our decision alone.”
He wanted to tell Dean more, to his own surprise. Finding the words wasn’t easy, and was frustrating given that words were his currency.
Particularly, it occurred to him, with his own boss, Zachariah Adler.
“I was only just tipsy enough to let myself admit that I want what I want.” Cas’ gaze dropped to Dean’s mouth. That, all by itself, was enough for Dean’s lips to start tingling, remembering the pleasure of kissing Cas.
There was even a scarecrow beside the stairs, dressed in purple and green zebra striped pants, a pink vest, and a red sombrero with dangling neon yellow and orange pom-poms.
“It’s watching mud dry, Cas, what’s fascinating about it? Unless the fascination comes in watching the way certain biceps ripple and bulge when performing physical labor. Oh, or how about the bonus footage of plumber’s crack?”
Empty casserole dishes were stacked neatly on the kitchen counter. Dean recognized a couple of the more unique ones from various community potlucks. Mildred’s bright yellow daisy casserole dish was hard to miss, as was the Fitzgeralds’ red plastic bowl held together with duct tape.
“Yeah, there’s still room for jack-o-lanterns. Long as you’re here, you can help us bring stuff in the house. And Gabe?”
His head did feel floaty. He disliked that intensely, unless it was intentional. He accepted the glass Sam handed him, tipped a few of the ice chips into his mouth. It did feel good; he hadn’t realized just how bad of a cotton mouth he actually had.
“Ordinarily, yeah, but… I can see you with a Bug,” he admitted.
The baby started fussing then, and Dean was the one to push away from the table and pluck her out of the car seat basket thing Sam and Jess had carried her in. “What’s the matter, Peanut? Cas winning make you upset, because he bested your favorite uncle?”
“Dean. Is… are… what…”
“Because libations is a cool word, duh.”
She snorted and punched him in the arm. “As if you don’t live for gross and sweaty. Sam’s inside with Mariel, making dinner.”
“What?” Dean’s eyes popped open. “How can there be corroborating evidence when
Cas stared blankly at the stacked boxes for a moment, feeling overwhelmed. He reminded himself they were just boxes. He could do this. Steeling himself, he came forward to look at the first one. They weren’t labeled with anything other than the shipping labels. “I don’t see anything to distinguish one from another,” he whined, immediately embarrassed that such a noise had come out of his throat.
“Best place in Caroline, hands down. I mean, Daisy Diner has some good stuff, but for my money you can’t compete with the Roadhouse. Not that I’m biased or anything.”
“Hey, I have an idea!” she said with over-the-top enthusiasm. “Why don’t we ask him and find out? It’s this whole new thing, talking to people and finding out what they’re interested in!”
Cas’ brows draw together in confusion. “I’m not following you.”
Castiel could wait for Dean to come to him. Or he could seek him out, ask for some answers.
He catches his breath, feeling a rush of heat start low in his chest and spread up to warm him all over when Dean flips back the blankets on the other side of the bed. The mattress dips down when he settles in and rearranges the pillows, yawning dramatically.
* * *
“Master,” one of the other robed men spoke – the one making the circuit around the perimeter. “The tide has nearly reached the marker.”
Roman pointed at Castiel. “Seize him!”
Castiel startled, looking up to the door. Mrs. Crombie stood there, her head tipped down, looking over the tops of her spectacles at him.
“I don’t know, but probably? I wasn’t out at all yesterday.”
“What’s this about, Cas?” Dean said quietly. Whatever it was, it wasn’t good.
“I was. I heard you had some ideas for the Fulbright account that you wanted to run past me? I have a few minutes now if you do.”
Something felt off. He frowned, centered himself, even closed his eyes for a moment. People tended to rely too much on their vision. When he closed his eyes he could hear better, smell better, even taste better. Taste. Taste and smell were closely related. There was something different in the air, the faintest flavor of acrid smoke.
He waited until nine o’clock the next morning before he texted Cas to see if he was up. He was, so Dean headed over — after changing into his best pair of jeans and a flannel so new it still bore traces of the folds from the packaging. Part of him wanted to run, but this was too important.
“Sure. You won’t get a better offer. And I don’t mean that in the sense that no one would want to go out with you on New Year’s, because you’re kind of dreamy. But in the sense that Lord of the Rings is awesome, and so are me and Dean.”
He set the book back again and looked at the photographs. There were some older ones, a small boy with his mother — Dean and his mom? Another with the same boy and an infant, and their parents. Yes. Definitely Dean, and the baby must be Sam. A third photo, of Sam in a cap and gown, grinning and holding his diploma triumphantly. And one of a baby too small to hold her head up, awkwardly propped up on tiny fists and blinking owlishly at the camera, a pink bow clipped to fine pale hair.
When he’d gotten home, Dean threw himself back on his recliner, putting his arm over his eyes and groaning. He knew he was being dramatic, but damn. He definitely knew himself.
“Yeah?”
“Of course it does. We do it. You know, like if we’re watching TV and that one commercial comes on that I always laugh at but you think is stupid? You give me a look, and I know you’re really saying ‘I don’t understand why you think this stupid commercial is entertaining’ and I give you a look back and you know I’m really saying ‘because I’m an immature moron, suck it up and deal with it’.”
Dean still couldn’t believe it.
His cottage was on the outskirts of town, barely in Havenport at all. He had neighbors, but they were spaced farther than in the city proper. He opened the gate and crossed to his door, pausing for a moment on the doorstep.
“Yes. I am grateful for that.”
“She is, yes.”
“Yeah. There are still a few more things we have to get done before we install them, but it’ll come up sooner than you know.”
“Sam. Winchester.” Cas’ eyes widened. “Of course. I should have known. I am familiar with the name, though we have never met. Are you also, then, associated with one Bobby Singer?”
But that didn’t stop him from thinking about it.
“Dean? Are you alright?”
Dean stepped forward, punctuating his conviction, but didn’t allow himself to get too close.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, downing his last swallow of beer. Cas blinks, his glare fading from
He rolls his eyes, making a production of shrugging his shirt off so it’s less of a
not just a lifeline tossed his way; and Cas was the last person Dean trusted to keep himself out of harm’s way.
“And is that what you want to hear, Dean?” Cas asked, voice quiet but steady. “My screams?”
Well. Not with words.
Dean felt a wellspring of relief beginning to trickle into his mind, but before his shoulders could relax, the corner of Cas’s lips rose in a nearly imperceptible smirk, making the Winchester freeze the second he became aware of it.
want to see it. “Have fun, I guess. Be safe.”
Dean bit his lip, thoughts stewing at the edge of his tongue, but Cas waited, letting him find the words for whatever he needed to express.
He sighed contentedly. Everything looked so much sweeter, so much
Cas met Dean’s eyes, and cocked a brow in questioning, but the Winchester just took another deep breath and let it out; trying to convince his body to go back to being relaxed, and his mind not to get too invested in just how good the stitching patterns for a Wiccain-esque cloak might look on Cas at the end of this.
“Sunset rum, Rowena?” Sam asked, skipping the pleasantries. “Really?”
in your head?” Cas asked urgently, unable to do anything but
Sam grins, rolling his eyes at Dean’s theatrics. “Oh, come on, Dean. Just let him enjoy his music. Who cares if he likes Beyoncé? She’s not half bad.”
Dean takes the cue from him, reeling. “Uh, y— sure. What’s wrong with my flannel though, huh? You don’t like it?”
Thankfully, the process of taking the shot is involved enough that Dean can’t really watch Cas do his. All he gets is a tantalizing blur of throat in his peripheral and then the pinched moüe of Cas’ mouth after he’s sucked on his lime. Which, to be honest, is probably for the best.
roleplay those panels sometime.”
is happening to him, why has his filter just
“Hell yes,” Sam chimes in, and the three of them clink their glasses together before taking a drink.
- over towards him, and beginning to walk until the two of them met one another halfway. “You find your way through town okay?”
“Yes,” Cas interjects, his hand sliding out of Dean’s to press warmly against the small of his back. “We’ll get another room.”
Charlie’s eyes widened almost imperceptibly, and she looked over at Sam, making a gesture for him to record this as well as give the first answer.
“Get,
Against all odds, Crowley isn’t actually terrible company.
Sam sent back. Then, after a moment:
Dean looked at him, and felt his face soften, reaching over to gently hug the former angel from the side. “Me too, man,” he murmured, leaving his arm where it was. “These six months...I just needed time, to figure some things out. And god, Cas, I’m…” he broke off, and laughed, laughed because the world was alive around him and not
Cas, of course, had been fine once he’d had a half second to breathe. Stupid angel dry-cleaning. He’d gone from disturbingly Purgatory-esque to brand-spanking new while Dean was still trying to peel his pocket open to get at his keys, which was equal parts relieving, annoying as hell, and a very nice surprise when he looked back up. He doesn’t think Sam or Cas himself clocked the surreptitious how-ya-doin’ Dean gave him, either, which is good. (Thank god. He couldn’t have stopped himself if he tried). But he’d still had to hand over the car keys and then hunker down in the backseat with his sasquatch of a brother the whole drive back to the motel, so as not to frighten any of the well-meaning citizens of Stockbridge, Massachusetts. Which hadn’t been great.
“Uh...Dean?” the younger Winchester asked, reaching in and holding up a swath of fabric, that separated into two. “Did you…”
Corny.
with it than anyone anticipated or asked for. And I dragged Emrys into cowriting it, too! Three cheers for shameless enabling on both our parts! So now here we are, almost 7000 words later, because I found the idea of Crowley spiking Dean's drink and catalyzing Cas and Dean getting together too goddamn funny to let go.
Nina snorted slightly at the directness of the message, but her face softened when she felt Laur’s hand tracing her cheek, and the woman who prided herself on chaos allowed herself to be nothing more than that simple touch and what it did to her heart.
that he hadn’t added them to his last order, and yet…
the demons in him would do—
he’s gonna let those fuckers they ganked this morning completely ruin his Friday. He’s done a complete 180° from the Walking Dead extra he saw in the mirror an hour and a half ago back to his usual glory, and all he wants to do now is find a table at the bar down the street, eat some greasy burgers, drink a couple beers, and maybe give Cas another pool lesson. (The guy’s actually pretty damn good already, but that’s fine. Dean hasn’t run out of blatantly transparent excuses just yet, and Cas hasn’t called him on it, so he just takes that as a win and doesn’t look the gift horse in the mouth.)
“That he is.” Cas smiled, then pulled him in for a softer embrace, pressing a chaste kiss to the curve of Dean’s cheek. “I’m going to go offer my assistance in the kitchen. Perhaps...you could inquire about music, before the other guests arrive?”
Cas is definitely kissing him back now.
“Really?” Cas whispers, and Dean forgets that they’re in
the darkness urged him.
It felt so right
Can't believe I did it, to-night
“I won’t hurt Dean,” Cas said. But his eyes were hesitant, and the shadow in front of him could see it.
Cas ducked his first swing; sloppy, that was
him to come and get it because he could use what the self-righteous bastard wanted against him. It was
“Dean,” the angel repeated in a murmur. “You know that as an angel, I can see humans’ souls. And I can see the true faces of demons.”
“Whoa, whoa,
Because that’s the first rule of water safety.
Dean grins. “But of course.” He raises his eyebrows a little to make sure Cas is watching, then turns back to the table. “So, first,” he says, matter-of-factly, “you’ve gotta get some salt ready. Cuts the bite of the tequila.” Not looking at Cas, he curls his hand into a fist, licks a stripe along it, and then pours a line of salt over the wet spot. That done, he passes the salt shaker over and smiles at Cas’ rapt attention.
Good sound, good smell, good pillows…
So yeah. This was a blast and I have zero regrets. Enjoy. :)
Meg hushes him with a wave, slips across the corridor to the other bedroom. She pauses with her hand on the doorhandle for a second, before easing it down and inching the door open. The room inside is almost pitch dark, but she thinks she can see two figures tangled together under the duvet.
Today the sky’s endlessly blue again, the sun high and the air so warm and still it feels thick, the light hanging in it like honey.
Since that old certainty shattered on the ground like so much crystal, and shattered Cas’ heart along with it.
“I, Dean I didn’t,” Sam is clinging onto him, hands pulling at Dean’s flannel, clutching him so hard against Sam’s chest it crushes the air from his lungs, “I didn’t
Cas is wrapped up in Dean’s jacket and the blanket from the boot. His hand is tucked against his cheek, clutching the collar of Dean’s jacket close to his face. His breathing is slow and even as he dreams.
This is Cas, for Christ’s sake. He didn’t spend a decade longing for this to let himself flip out and ruin it the second he finally has it.
Sam flinches, nose wrinkling, but what he says is “you’re wearing Dean’s shirt.”
“I had all these daydreams,” Dean’s telling him, and Castiel, focuses back in on the words. “All my life, about what you’d be like. Lately there’s been a lot of, y’know, uh.” He flushes slightly and turns his head away. “Deep voice and stubble and stuff. And blue.” He glances back up at Castiel and blinks, eyes turning a little dazed. “You always felt blue somehow, and christ that was right.” He reaches a hand towards Castiel’s face but stops, blushing harder, and drops it before his fingers touch. “Anyone ever tell you your eyes are fucking gorgeous?”
In there, behind all the bright high notes of happiness, is a downbeat bass line. It’s indistinct, as though the positivity is playing in the room with him now while this single strum of sadness is still spinning in that other room behind a dozen closed doors. It slips in and out, never in focus long enough to get a proper grasp on its meaning, but the more he chases after it, the more Castiel is convinced it’s a beat of the same misery that suffused them both in the depths of the night.
His mark. His
Dean growls, wrenching at Sam’s hold. Sam just folds his arms around Dean and pushes him into the wall. Pins him there with a knee and his superior height.
“Dad didn’t leave enough. Sometimes.” He whispers finally. His voice is so quiet he can barely hear it himself. “I- I- didn’t. I had to. To keep you safe.”
Thinks of Cas spending eleven years believing Dean wouldn’t – couldn’t - want him.
Cas has him flat on his back. After stumbling down the corridor to Dean’s room, unable to keep their hands from sliding under clothes even with Sam barely five steps ahead of them, after the first few heated minutes where Dean had pushed Cas into the door and tried to pull off both their pyjamas without detaching himself from Cas’ mouth, Cas had shoved Dean down onto the bed, settled himself between Dean’s legs and kissed him with a slow intent that had turned Dean’s muscles to jelly. Then he’d set about minutely mapping every centimetre of Dean’s skin, starting with kissing his eyelids and marking an achingly slow trail across his face, around the line of his jaw, into the pulse point of his neck.
Dean shrugs one shoulder stiffly. “He didn’t want to pay. I made him. Learnt my lesson. Cash up front.”
Castiel swallows hard.
“It’s my name,” Cas explains. “Castiel. It’s the name of a minor biblical angel.”
“Do you want me to drop by the supermarket on my way home?”
Cas let him choose. Cas waited
Cas pulls out a sterile wipe and starts cleaning the blood from around the cut. Dean hisses in a breath, fingers catching on Cas’ knee.
“Dean, did they ever hurt you- were you ever-“
Cas squints at him and shakes his head, exasperated.
Castiel drops his head lower behind his books so the table full of girls is blocked from his sight. He touches his thumb softly to the back of his hand, over where the pale lines of his mark sit quiet and colourless. Whatever those girls say, those lines tell him one day he’ll have someone. He’s no lovestruck fool, he knows that soul bonds don’t guarantee an easy ride and he’ll have to work hard. But he’ll have someone who’ll bother to listen, who’ll want to understand him. Someone he can open his heart to and be open for in return. That’s enough to dull the sting of their barbs. Knowing that, he can manage the wait, however long it takes until it happens.
He bites his lip. What must they be thinking right now? Will they have worked out what happened, like Castiel did, or are they as scared and confused as he was right after the emotions faded? He hopes not. Closing his eyes, Castiel wraps his fingers around his wrist and soothes his thumb over the amulet on the back of his hand. Wherever they are,
Dean’s throat closes up. He jerks his head, an abortive shake. It shouldn’t hurt like this. They have Cas back. He’s a minute’s walk down the hall, sprawled out across Dean’s bed –
Cas turns the vial and the light swims around them like water, painting the room in waves.
Well. There’s no point dithering on the doorstep. That’s only going to raise her suspicions when he should be doing everything in his power to allay them.
Dean can’t stand it.
A steeper slope of hill has him breathing heavier. The air cuts even sharper into the bottom of his chest with every inhale. He coughs, miserable.
Predictably, millions of results are thrown back at him. Wikipedia pages and gossip articles and even youtube videos. He opens Wikipedia as a starting point and skims the article on soul bonds, skating over what he already knows as he debates how to refine his search. Maybe add
Sam sits up his chair. Shakes his head, plants the empty bottle on the table. Dean can literally see the tipsy haze clear from his eyes, and oh fuck abort mission. He should have aborted mission five sentences ago when they were half drunk and warm and safe, with no worries in the world but if they’d hear each other through the walls when they finally hit the hay with Cas and Eileen. But now Sam’s caught onto something and they’re in for another session of Let’s Talk About Our Feelings, like Dean wouldn’t rather stick an angel blade between his own ribs than ever, ever do that.
it meant, dreaming of seeing the mark for him on his soulmate’s skin, seeing it light up at that first shared touch, and the moment Castiel laid eyes on Dean he’d completely forgotten about all of it. One taste of that
Dean looks up.
“Dean, you were fucking
“Finally?” He scowls at his stupid moose brother, shoulders hitching up in sudden tension. “The fuck you mean
He has no idea where he got ideas so specific. He tries not to think about it too much. When he does, he prefers to hope it’s the universe telling him something, that it’s his dormant bond with that out there someone stirring gently in answer to his wondering. In his darker moments guilt sours the back of his tongue with the fear that he’s created this phantom figure out of thin air, and his real soulmate will be nothing like what he’s made up to comfort himself. How is he ever meant to look them in the eye if that’s true?
It’s Cas who answers this time. “I’m in med school, Dean’s an engineer. Jewellery gets in the way.” He pauses, twisting the ring around his finger with his thumb. “We wear them when we’re off the clock. You just don’t look.”
Normally Meg would scoff, joke, break the moment. But there’s something so fragile in the tiny quirk of Dean’s answering smile that the ribbing dies in her chest.
he ruins everything, that’s just what he does.
“Cas?” Dean whispers.
bed - with his pyjamas rumpled and hair askew and his nose stuck in some dusty tome, just waiting for Dean to come in and press his face into Cas’ neck, run his hands up Cas’ thigh until he drops the book and grabs hold of Dean instead, or just flump down beside him, pillow his head on Cas’ stomach and doze while Cas reads, free hand smoothing gently over Dean’s hair. It shouldn’t rip his skin, crack his ribs and flay his heart open. But still, every last time, the memory of those moments in the basement crowbars open the well of guilt and loss and longing and raw grief that’s sunk in his chest and drowns him in the flood.
“You’ve got the flu Cas, you’ve had it for a while.” Dean’s voice is even rougher than usual, eyes sunken, skin waxy and pale. He says the words so wearily, so like a mantra, that Cas wonders how often he’s asked that before in the last few days. He has no concept of time to centre himself with. His last memories are fuzzy, hazy things, nothing more than vague impressions of malaise and a growing conviction that he was dying. Here in the windowless bunker bathroom he might as well be in the empty for all that he can tell what day it is.
So Castiel follows his heart. If that’s not the most sickeningly cliché nonsense he’s ever let himself think, Castiel doesn’t know what is. But there’s really no other way to put it. His soul bond is pulling so hard his heart feels like it could burst from his chest if he doesn’t go where it leads. So he walks.
Dean curls his arm around Cas and leans into him. Cas shifts, slotting himself neatly into Dean’s side without apparent thought, like this is something they do so regularly their bodies fit each other without having to be told how.
“I did have to,” he says into Cas’ hair. His voice is hoarse. “Not just for them. For – for-“
“Here, let me make it up to you.” Dean kisses Cas quickly on the cheekbone, then squeezes out some gel and starts soaping Cas shoulders. He digs his fingertips in a little, massaging into the muscles until Cas loosens, frown smoothing and eyelids fluttering closed. Dean moves his hands down then, sweeping over Cas’ stomach, cleaning off the mess they made. That seems to trigger something in Cas, who swipes up the shampoo and starts lathering Dean’s hair. His fingers rub circles on Dean’s scalp and Dean half closes his eyes, humming in appreciation. Cas smiles and noses softly at Dean’s jawline.
For the first time it occurs to Castiel to wonder if his soulmate is
Dean, even with a lifetime of practice behind him, barely resists throwing his beer at Sam’s stupid, shaggy head.
Dean laughs again, warm and free of any hint of the mockery Castiel’s used to hearing aimed at him. It’s been a long time since he’s been happy to hear any kind of laugh, but he can already see Dean’s chuckle becoming his favourite sound.
He inhales through his teeth.
is every bit as strong as the pull to
Then Cas’ hands grab onto his jacket, pull Dean’s face around and Cas is kissing him.
“Imagine if he
“This is Meg,” Cas tells the guy immediately, and Mr Enthusiastic tears his eyes away from Cas to look up at her.
, she realises as she watches Dean swipe some cream off Cas’ waffles, watches Cas smack Dean with his fork and frown, watches Dean grin, deliberately goofy, until Cas breaks and laughs too, is in thinking they’d change if they were together. She’d imagined open affection, kisses and hand-holding – the kind of things young couples do in public all the time. But today, with the secret laid out on the table next to the maple syrup and the apple juice and the scattered cutlery, they’re no different than at any other time they’ve all got brunch, studied together in the library, or had a games night any time in the last two years.
“No.” He says carefully, oddly off-balance even to Meg’s inexperienced sense of him. “No, he’s not my boyfriend.”
, Dean thinks, and smiles.
Dean ignores him, just grabs him by the shoulders and pulls them round to face each other.
Before she can ask the second dreaded question, Balthazar’s brain apparently reboots.
quiet?”
“I’m gonna…“ Sam touches his fingertips lightly to Dean’s shoulder. “I’m gonna go to bed now. I think you should go talk to- are you going too?”
he chokes out around his laugh,
“Yes, it is.”
Somehow it’s that tiny noise that brings the crushing understanding of Dean’s confession down on Sam’s head.
down. He’s so tired of following arbitrary rules, of making himself small and amenable, of being slapped down anyway as though he’s supposed to be sorry for his entire existence.
“We should go to bed Dean.”
Dean follows him down, settling between Cas’ legs and bracketing Cas’ head with his forearms. He slides his hands up into the thick tumble of Cas’ hair, runs his lips along the line of Cas’ jaw. His skin smells a little of his citrus shower gel, and that tugs at Dean’s heart, the sheer humanity of it so new on Cas, but already so familiar.
Dean swallows hard. His feet speed up of their own volition, tugging Cas along faster. Has their bedroom door always been this far from the kitchen?
They get Italian in the end. Cas has decided he really likes pesto.
for years.
to tell Cas how grateful he is, how much he needs what Cas quietly gives him. The desire is tangible in his chest, a solid presence on the back of his tongue. But he can’t begin to find the words to express the scope of that gratitude, anything of the way it’s sunk so deeply into his soul he doesn’t think he can ever untangle it from his existence.
“Dean.” Cas tilts his head to the side to look Dean up and down. The movement is so achingly familiar Dean’s eyes burn with sudden tears. “Dean, what happened?”
It’s only a while later when he’s pushing in and Cas’ face twists a little, fingers clenching into the meat of Dean’s bicep, that Dean’s internal switch flips over to panic mode.
Dean looks up at Sam properly for the first time since he pushed them into this whole hellhole of a conversation. Sam has to know, how can he possibly
Still, this pain’s familiar. It taps into the boarded-up recesses of his mind and splashes the memory so vividly across his vision that for a moment his bedroom fades behind the image. Michael twisting Castiel’s arm up his back, crushing his wrist in a grip so tight Castiel’s fingers turn numb. Pulling until Castiel’s shoulder pops out of joint.
He’s not even sure what he’s saying any more. He throat is burning and involuntary tears are searing his eyes, so hot he wonders for a wild second if they’ll scar when they spill. Cas just shakes his head and leans down to press his forehead hard against Dean’s own.
Castiel rocks with the impact of the sudden emptiness he’s left with. His body’s ten times too big and he’s rattling around inside himself without a mooring to latch onto. Gasping, he curls forward, clutching his hands to his ears to try and block out the sound of his own breathing, vast in the cavernous void his insides have become now he’s alone in his own skin.
Meg feels like she might pass out. Married? Did he say
looking at Dean gave him and that had been all he needed to know.
then he’s leaning into Dean’s side, slipping his hands back under Dean’s t-shirt, tracing the curve of Dean’s shoulder blades with feather-light fingers.
curious.
“Really am sorry.” Dean’s fingers slide clumsily up to brush Cas’ cheek. Cas closes his eyes for a second, presses his hand onto Dean’s shoulder.
Yeah, Meg’s still not convinced.
So this is strange.
At first Castiel’s scared of it. He spends hours hugging his knees and losing himself in a labyrinth of imagined horrors, picturing all the situations they could be trapped in to so often feel like this.
“Just be careful,” he says eventually. “I don’t like it when I can’t watch your back.”
“You came back with bruises.”
“Let’s get a bit more light in here,” Dean mutters. He flips the blanket up over the curtain rail, letting more of the afternoon light in. Then he turns, rubbing his shoulder.
still kind of hilarious.
The cut off groan Cas lets out completely short circuits Dean’s brain. It bypasses his conscious mind and takes control of him, makes him shove up off the sofa and onto his feet. Cas makes a brief noise of protest before Dean catches him by the wrists and pulls him up too. Dean tugs Cas into his chest, loops one arm around Cas’ shoulders, grabs his ass and pulls them close. He grinds into Cas’ hip, bites at Cas’ lower lip. Grins into Cas’ mouth when Cas full-on whines, clutching wildly at Dean’s shirt, his jeans, his belt loops.
Cas can’t imagine what it means for home to be this. For it to be a parking lot strewn with rubbish, a single room at the end of a poorly maintained block shared with a brother with no space to call your own. He should offer some sympathy, empathy even, it’s not like he doesn’t know what it is to live in isolation and it might soothe some of the heavy resignation from Dean’s brow. But as Dean looks back round at him a question pops into his head and the moment he thinks it he can’t keep it in.
in this sort of awed voice, which all kinds of strange and lovely even the hundredth, the thousandth time. But it’s a problem when half the time it makes something in Dean’s head come unstuck and he forgets that he was trying to read up on a hunt, or cook a meal, or get Cas’ clothes off.
Castiel immediately opens himself up, welcomes the contact in. The offered feeling washes into him strongly as soon as he does, and he’s surprised to find it’s apologetic.
“I’m okay.” Dean’s voice shakes. He rests his palm on the side of Cas neck, breathes in. Out. Tries again. “I’ll be okay.”
Dean stays quiet for the first few blocks. The pavement is icy, not a little treacherous, so Castiel has to focus on his own feet to keep from slipping. His gaze strays sideways to Dean’s feet every couple of seconds, noting how faded the denim of his jeans is, how his boots are sturdy leather, but heavily scuffed, the heels worn down from years of use. One of the laces has snapped at some point, and Dean’s knotted it back together rather than replace it.
, he’s not afraid of some irate bigot spewing vitriol. It’s misery, and disappointment, and a whole lot of anger. Dean can taste the fury on his lips as Cas’ mouth opens to his.
Okay. Not hallucinating then. Somehow Meg dredges up some coherence from the bottom of the soup bowl this revelation has made of her brain.
It punches the breath out of Dean with the sudden realisation that
September also brings Castiel’s seventeenth birthday. Naomi acknowledges it with a curt
like the bluebells though. And the borage is such a pretty blue.
Dean pauses with his mouth millimetres from Cas’ lips. “Do you ever have backgrounds that aren’t me?”
“Are you saying I’m not always nice to you?”
“Told you,” Balthazar whispers, smug.
“He was at the wedding, would’ve been hard for him to miss,” Dean smiles. “Obviously Sammy and Bobby knew too. We haven’t exactly been hiding it, guys.”
I-“ Cas chokes out. The rhythm of his hand stutters and Dean feels him tense.
Dean can see the guy’s thought processes in his face, so it’s no surprise when he suddenly throws a punch at Dean’s head. Dean ducks the fist, catches him by his swinging arm, uses the man’s own momentum to flip him onto his back.
not safe. You have to go. Get Sam, slap some cuffs on me, throw me in the dungeon. Whatever puts me down and keeps me there.”
They walked down to the creek, and found their family of ducks awaiting them, the small aggregation of goslings cheeping excitedly when they felt the calescence of Jack’s grace reaching out toward them.
of them. And if they catch you, you better not implicate me. If you do, I’ll find you, and I
Really, Nina?” Dean called back, while Laur held a hand to cover the laughter threatening to bubble for her mouth. “You’re one to talk,” the Winchester continued, picking up his verbal stride. “I saw you when you watched Brokeback Mountain for the first time. Come on, I brought wine. Put away that blunt you’re smoking and get the hell down here.”
Sam mouthed.
If any of you are so inclined to indulge us, there's
“Really,” he says, bringing his hands up to rest softly against either side of Cas’ face. “I really, really like you. Promise.”
“Merry Christmas, buddy.” He paused, for only a moment.
“There’s no shame in being the smaller of the spoons in a pair, Dean,” he said, glancing over his shoulder in slight amusement as Sam quietly shepherded Jack toward the Bunker’s doors. “Arguably, you get the most warmth, and surely that casts no detrimental view upon your character.”
you some of the shit screaming in my head right now.”
He hits the ball straight on, it bounces off the wall at exactly the right angle, and it drops neatly into the top left pocket.
of air, because drowning people are the most selfish motherfuckers out there.
Punching won out by a paper-thin margin.
. This must be killing you, that he's so fucked up you didn't even see it. You know you lied to him: there's so much darkness in here that you couldn't tell the difference between little old me and all the mangled, scarred shit that was already there before.”
that could blur with the memories of angel grace without very much effort?
“So Hulkling,” Caleb began, rolling up the sleeves of his tshirt and adjusting the old cap on his head. “He’s this cross of two powerful species of alien, the Kree and the Skrulls, which basically means a lot of people have it out for him about his role in the universe, the conflict between these empires he’s supposed to spearhead, blah blah blah. Pretty cool dude, though, he’s got some cool powers. He’s had a few breaks, but he’s been in the fighting life most of his run because damn if he’ll leave the people who need him hanging. And then, Wiccain, well, he’s the son of a reality-bending, chaos-energy-creating mutant named Scarlet Witch, but
See, Cas had been waiting for the days of spring to come for weeks now, and on the walks they'd slowly begun taking more of, Dean had found the once-angel making sketches of the flora and fauna that they passed; tucking pencils into his pockets and capturing forms and detail with deft strokes on stray pieces of paper. There were drawings of every member of the family of ducks, maps delicately tracing the path of the creeks, the dappled, sure angles of the trees along the forest paths, wildflowers— and Cas might not have realized that Dean could see it, but he was enjoying the peace of mind and open heart that came with this form of art, and Dean had every intention of allowing it to grow.
As the pair—
Dean agrees emphatically. “Don’t make me drag your ass outta here, Sammy, we’re not gonna go unless you come with.”
Dean took stock of the mess in his head, waiting for the shadows beyond the edges to simmer and preen but finding nothing but a muted silence. “Yeah,” he breathed quietly. “Yeah, it’s… it’s gone.”
“I was finding fluff in my hair all weekend,” Dean grumbles good-naturedly, and pops his last french fry into his mouth. Then he flicks his eyes over at Cas to see how he’s doing.
Anyway, he’s playing like crap. And Cas isn’t helping: he’s always
the Mark. I just need to sleep it off.” He gave a ghost of a laugh; that’s what he’d been trying to do. And it should’ve been enough, but it hadn’t.
in smoothness, Cas?” Dean blinked, his chin cocking to the side. “The hell do you mean,
— comes for you, and mortal air is forced into your lungs, it’s supposed to give you purpose.
Dean tosses his bag onto the bed and pointedly spreads his arms. “Listen,” he begins, “we’re
what had he
Cas loosely twirled away from the brace of Dean’s arms and then fell back against the couch, taking his other half down at his side. Everyone settled into their spots of comfort as the shining, powdery lights filled the screen in front of them, and distant bangs sounded off in the town around them; their corner of the universe beginning to awaken in the spirit of anticipation.
“I know, I know,” Laur said, laughing, looking at the expression on Castiel’s face. “How did I ever end up with someone with energy like her? I get that a lot.”
The tension drained from Cas’ body, and he tugged Dean closer.
“Well, then,” Cas murmured, leaning forward, and stopping just a feather short of everything this emotion was building to. “It’s a good thing I love you too.”
It’s almost funny how quickly the angel gets to his feet. “Yes.” And just like that he’s gone, off to pick out a cue without so much as a backward glance.
And he was back.
Well, I got laid
His commentary had veered from sharp and sarcastic to undeniably intoxicated by the time the so-called “Wet Bandits” had even entered the booby-trapped house, well before Charlie and Sam had believed it would hit him- and once Dean had started rambling on about how hard it “actually is” for a pre-teen to get their hands on quality tar, there had been no point in leaving the movie on.
Cas gave a surprised look, but the Winchester then produced the flattened (only slightly wrinkled) bag from his large front pocket, where he’d stashed it before they’d left the Bunker.
The bar is exactly Dean’s kind of place: a little gritty, a little rough around the edges, but clean and obviously well taken care of. There’s classic rock playing on the jukebox in the corner, a couple of pool tables next to the bar, and a decently-sized Friday night crowd of happy, relaxed patrons.
really
I do this very, very often, folks, like Nep mentioned in the story's introductory notes. If Dean had taken a shot for every random parody I've thrown at Nep and the others in our discord in the past, he would've needed Crowley to resuscitate him, not just set him up with Cas.
He didn't deserve Cas reminding him what softness felt like when he
“The lead, it didn’t pan out,” Cas told him, letting the door close behind him with a quiet click and shifting to lean against the Winchester’s desk. “I spoke to Sam last night and told him I would return.”
“Dean, why did you do that?” he asks urgently, his voice completely wrecked, raw with emotion. “Was it just because I’m here? Because I’m convenient?”
Here they were, in just the right sizes, and held up in Sam’s hands right as Cas walked back into the room.
When your tie came unknotted
“Alright,” Cas said softly. Hesitantly he stepped closer again, his eyes on Dean the whole time. This time, Dean didn’t flinch away. “I’ll stay, Dean.”
Transcended all the lies we told,
knew what they were talking about. Sam gets it.)
“...well damn,” Dean said, slowly finding himself pulled back to reality by Cas’s fingers threading through his, stroking the skin between his thumb and palm in a gesture of mild concern. “Guess you got it in one, huh?”
“Mmhm,” she hummed in confirmation, pressing a handful of air-fried cheese into her mouth. She looked over at Sam, not suppressing the delighted twinkle in her eyes. “How long do you think it’ll take before the drink hits him? Ten bucks or a new beanbag for the den say we can ask him anything we want by the time Marv’s head gets blowtorched.”
All Dean could do was swallow.
It was the most perfect either of their lives had ever been.
awash with horror and worry and
it, without having to worry about anything bigger than fixing cars and paying off my tab at Nina’s.” He sighed, feeling the truth behind every last word he spoke. “I found it, buddy,” he said quietly. “I found our holy grail.”
It was a long drive back to Lebanon, a solid 1200 miles ahead.
The tilt of Cas’ brows, the concern in the set of his mouth… this angel was
“Hey, what is it?” Charlie asked, shifting to her side so she could look her couchmate in the eyes. “Come on, you can tell us.”
than that. The thing about Cas, though, was that he wasn’t gonna fight back. Dean knew that with blinding certainty, especially after the whole— after what he said. And Dean, well.
he thought affectionately. “They’re
out of
Cas sighed, nodding, and moved towards the door. “I’ll leave you to your rest, then,” he said.
Dean and Cas waved back, and then began to walk once more, taking a path that wound from the small espresso shop out towards an open park/nature trail which was currently filled with the richness of the holiday afternoon.
Sam nodded, and sat back, letting out a contented sigh. Dean would be crabby as hell in the morning, but in the meantime, at least he might get some good photos. The little sibling in him was counting on it.
It felt so right
“He’s in my head, he’s—” Dean winced, pressing the heels of his hands against his eyes to ride out a wave of nausea and the low, staticky crackling of the demon trying to break through. Sinuous waves of shadow
And the feeling of Cas’s warmth brushed over all the rest.
If you want more reading material, go to the collection this work is a part of (the
Cas’ hand is huge and warm, and he looks so
she breathed. “And these two lovebirds,” she said suddenly, swinging her gaze at Dean and the once-angel tucked against his shoulder. “Hulkling and
“Dean. Listen to me.” Cas crouched down so the two of them were at eye-level. “These thoughts, this echo. It's not real. It's not
When Dean didn’t respond, the presence of his other self — no,
Time slowed.
Merry Christmas, everybody!!
“Hey there, angel,” he purred, his voice rough from screams he hadn’t given, and his eyes flickered black. Just long enough for Cas to realize who he was talking to.
This day alone, the ducks were granted nearly a dozen pages; a number that only went up as the season progressed, and Jack’s laugh, Sam’s plethora of facial retorts, and Dean’s eyes were given a sizable portion of the space that remained.
“Hello,” Cas greeted, returning her strong handshake. Dean elbowed him gently, gesturing to the plant that was being cradled almost protectively, and the former angel coughed, a slight flush rising to his face. “Um...this is for you, and Nina,” he said, carefully extending the small cactus pot forward. “The flowers are phosphorescent, they- they glow, if exposed to sufficient sunlight.”
Cas has his arms crossed when Dean turns back to him, his grin slightly more subdued. “You owe me your shirt.”
hadn’t happened — Dean just couldn’t stand it any longer. He reached out and caught Cas’ wrist in his hand, like it was nothing. Like it was
He said it lucidly, and took the other two in the room by surprise. “Enochian,” he said, by way of explanation, his voice now back to its hazy half-slur. “Cas...says things in it sometimes. All quiet, when he thinks no one notices how sad he looks.” Dean’s hand drifted to the area beneath his sternum, rubbing over his shirt as if trying to push the phantom tugging from his heart. “I notice, though,” he whispered.
it lingered in his mind like a parasite. And that wasn’t all: to make it that much better, sometimes the voice passed commentary. Gave him its opinions.
Cas hesitated, then removed his phone from his pocket, pulling up the video that he’d had to force himself to only watch once and handing it to Dean. “Here,” he said, trying to keep his voice even. “See for yourself.”
any time soon. Dammit, why had he let Jody and Donna talk him into watching fuckin’
(See the end of the chapter for
The angel winced, remembering that day, and those long
It was about time this had finally happened.
Like I was getting paid
“Are we going to go see them?” Jack asked. “The mother was telling me about a group of goslings they met a week ago. I think they might be passing through, soon.”
He was surprised that Dean recalled the woman, though. That encounter had been years ago.
Dean felt warmth rise to his face, and his eyes softened, feeling every word as he heard it.
“You shouldn’t do that,” Dean said. “You’re the Alpha.”
“Wait, Dean,” Castiel said as Dean pushed himself back down, fully engulfing Castiel’s cock again, burying it within himself. It was hard to think but there were things he should have asked first, before they’d begun and he hadn’t. “Dean. Much more of this and we’ll tie up. Do you want that?”
The day it had been explained to him had been like a blow to the face with two by four. Of course, he’d picked himself up, smiled and got on with the life his father set him to. There were a lot of details, clauses and conditions, but that was basically it. Winchester Acres was his but it wasn’t really his. He was just the caretaker of it for now, for Sammy and his children. He could have it and run it for a while, so long as he remained a spinster, unmated and unmarried. At least until his Alpha brother needed it, so as to have property he could support a wife or mate.
“You think he doesn’t want this child?”
The trigger had been pulled twenty-five years ago. Finally, all these years later, it had hit its target. He had said the words and they had been received. Dean had accepted his suite, he was sure.
He couldn’t just throw it all away because God or fate or destiny or whatever crap had decided his body was the one unique match for a man that lived all the way on the other side of the world. So what if he had a fancy hat made out of gold with a chunk of pure Angelthenium that glowed a blinding blue according to Wikipedia. Not that he’d looked up anything about Eden or anything. Eden was in the news, so he’d accidentally clicked on link from a news article. People like Dean didn’t mate with princes. Anyway, he’d be fine.
Dean was about to take his nephew in hand, order him to apologize to Cas. His namesake was notoriously protective of his uncle, having gotten into fights at school over whether his Omega uncle was unnatural or not. No, Dean was not best pleased to find out that his mate was kissing other Omegas, even just for the movies, but there was a time and a place. Cas spoke up.
"I will go draw a bath," he said. "I expect you down in the master suite bedroom in twenty minutes, with Dean if would like to join us."
Just at that moment, Claire woke from her nap. Even though she was a toddler, two and a half, and almost ready for pre-school, she woke cranky from naps and today was no exception. She went quickly from a few grousing noises to full on crying in the space of a few seconds when she realized that Dean wasn’t near, that she was away from everyone else that she could hear talking. Dean hurried to go get her and comfort her crankies away.
“I had forbidden him to follow me. I did my very best to leave him behind and turn him back. Tell me, has he ever listened to you when you told him no? Because he certainly did not listen to me.”
With the help of Charlie, Dean brought in his choice of horses and got them saddled up. For himself, Angela, a black mare with a white blaze on her forehead, one of Impala’s best granddaughters, and for Cas, Orion, a pinto stallion that looked just like Cabrón had when he was younger, but maybe a half a hand taller. Once mounted up, Cas looked magnificent, just like he had out on the trail in the Territories. Dean remembered just how handsome the man had looked. If anything, the Alpha’s shoulders were broader now. It’d be a shame that Dean would have take the lead and not  follow, so as to take the rear view.
It was not the sort of thing he could imagine Jimmy would allow in his household, but here it was in profusion. It would be months worth of junk food if one ate only a sensible amount of it.
Normally, the happy couple would retreat to the second best box bed in the southern end of the long house to enjoy their mating night as the rest of the pack either pretended to ignore what was going on or alternately, cheered them on if the couple seemed inclined for that. The children would be bedded down on the opposite side of the Hall, or even in the basement if it seemed likely the couple would be very noisy. That was out of the question tonight though. One of the lodge poles of the damaged roof had fallen on the second best box bed and broken the top railings. It could be repaired, certainly, but the bedding had been drenched. Luckily, when he’d checked earlier, Castiel’s own box bed was intact, not even damp.
Castiel nodded. That was something he already knew. Bobby was the kind of Alpha you could look up to and aspire to be. Oh, people said that powerful, willful types, like his brother Lucifer had been, were the most Alpha a human could be. Castiel knew that was not correct. It was Alphas like Bobby who best embodied that trait. They were the fathers and the guardians. They watched over their pack, protected it as best they could. That was why he would never blame Bobby for separating Dean and he all those years ago. Dean was Bobby’s pup and of course he was going to do his best to look out for Dean. He’d drive off any threat if he thought he saw one.
Dean hadn’t bothered with owning a robe or proper pajamas or anything like that. He pulled a pair of trousers out of his wardrobe and tugged them on, grabbed a shirt, plain working clothes, not like the fancy stiff suit he wore last night. He heard Bobby’s feet on the stairs and hurried to get himself decent enough to face the man. He thought about pulling on boots but decided against it. He wasn’t sure Bobby had ever seen his naked feet, but thought that if Bobby was going to invade Dean’s house like this, he deserved that.
“There’s a very important discussion we must have, Dean,” Castiel said before Dean could even stand up and offer his respect to the Alpha. “No, no need to stand on ceremony. May we join you at the table?”
“Just down the river a piece. They’ll be right here and they’re taking you in,” Dean said. “They’ll be here because they heard your shooting. You always were dumb as a rock. Can’t take a hint to save your life.”
“I know you like living with my brother,” Castiel said. “But a home of your own, Dean. Wouldn’t you like that?”
“Is Jessica due already?”
Castiel mounted up, saying, “She’s never been found guilty of that in a court of law.”
“Sam, no. Leave it. He didn’t want me. Don’t make him rub it in my face again. I don’t know if I could survive that.”
“We both lost our Dad that day, didn’t we?” Dean asked. He hadn’t resumed scrubbing, but he had leaned against Castiel’s back, resting his face on Castiel. It was a comforting weight, his slight body on Castiel’s. In talking, it was like they were no longer naked or something. Or maybe that the nakedness didn’t matter. They were just two people, talking of the people they missed and mourned.
A woman with long-ish, straight brown hair stepped out of some back room. She wore jeans and plaid and looked like she was used to taking no shit from anyone, despite being a Beta.
Sam held out a newspaper in his hand, folded to a quarter section. Dean had never held with reading the newspaper other than a cursory glance in to the section with the agricultural prices, perhaps a look through the business section and a scan of the front page. He had a ranch to run and business to get on with, no time for fripperies like the human interest stories or editorializing.
“Let’s go upstairs and get comfortable together,” Castiel suggested. He put his hands on Dean’s rear and lifted the Omega up, so that he could carry him. Dean shifted automatically, spreading his legs and wrapping them around Castiel’s middle, moving his arms to around Castiel’s neck, scenting in the crook of Castiel’s neck, all but rooting around there. He rocked his hips back and forth a little.
“I know what the Colt is,” Dean snapped. “This one was smithed by Samuel Colt himself. Both my Dad and my Ma come from long lines of hunter families. They just settled down to have a family.”
"You did it.?" he asked excitedly. "You mated Dean?"
Then, she moved one last stone aside, grabbed something that had been underneath and said, “Ah, there she is.”
Then Castiel said, face dead serious, voice, deep, level and calm, “If something were to take you from me, from us, somehow, the courts, these people, whatever, I would tear this world apart until you are returned.”
Dean knew of the bee hives and how tenderly Castiel took care of them, his fondness for his apiaries. Castiel smiled at Dean, pleased. “The borage is in bloom, so they’re busy and happy.”
Dean’s breasts were tender, sore and full. They hadn’t had time for their usual games yesterday. Not that Dean needed to be milked every day, but if his Alpha was around, it built up and he got almost engorged. Castiel kissed the top curve of each breast as if they were each the most precious treasure.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel said. He understood. The talk was too intense and it was time to back it off some, move to the simple, wordless comfort of scenting each other. He shifted them so they were lying together. Dean’s head seemed naturally to find its place on his chest, a hand resting next to it, as if Dean wanted to feel his heartbeat. His fingers went unerringly to Castiel’s other big scar, not the one from the Night Hag, but the one from his heart surgery afterwards, a memory of perhaps the second worst day of his life so far.
Dean started moving his hips, then they were moving together. They were making love and it was everything Castiel had ever wanted.
Castiel’s voice was low and rumbling like always, but this time it was soothing. Not a growl, but a thunderstorm in the far distance when you were inside, safe and dry, drowsing in your own bed, while the rain pattered on the roof. Castiel’s scent poured over him, heavy, redolent, even a little smoky. There was something profoundly relaxing to the scent that calmed the scared little Omega inside of him. He knew it was just his Alpha’s calming scent, but he wanted it, loved, if not the man yet, then how the man could make him feel. That was something, wasn’t it?
Jimmy stared at Castiel, trying to communicate this to Castiel, who finally got it when Jimmy took a deep sniff, flaring his nostril. Castiel sniffed at himself and realized how much he reeked. No wonder. Amelia had wandered into the kitchen, carrying a sleepy Claire on her hip, but backed right out again.
“Who is this man Dean is with?” Castiel demanded. “This Charlie.”
Just a little country place, off the high way between Kensington and Smith Center, Dean always stopped at Margie’s whenever he could. It was like any other greasy spoon diner that he’d ever been to, with the vinyl booths and plastic coated tablecloths, but it was also utterly unlike any of them, because the burgers were ambrosia. The only burgers better than his own.
As if to prove Bobby’s point, there’d been a coyote howling. It was a familiar noise, one just part of the background of life out in the woods outside of the town. Dean never even thought much of them. Just a coyote. But the howl stopped abruptly, as if interrupted by something. It did not resume. Not that the coyote was probably in actual danger. Animals were left alone, mostly, by the creatures that came through the veils on full moon. They wanted humans- human souls mostly, but also human flesh and blood. Vamps would sometimes opt for animal blood if they couldn’t get human and werewolves would settle for cows if humans weren’t on the menu, but mostly, the uglies wanted humans.
“You have a Pack Omega.”
Half an hour later, they were sitting in the Tip-Top Cafe, in a booth and Margie, Dean’s favorite waitress, had just dropped off their plates. Angel had dove head first into his burger immediately, devouring it hungrily, despite his earlier protests that he did’t want food. He took several huge bites right off the bat, barely chewing before swallowing and heading in for the next one. His appetite was almost disturbing.
As for Sam, Castiel well understood just how much it could take out of a young Alpha to go head to head with an older Alpha like that, to nearly get to the snapping point. Sam had written a big check to his adrenaline system and it was due now.
His clothes, mostly, were rags, not worth bringing with. Cas was always threatening to buy him pretty Omega clothes. Dean was going to let him this time.
Every now and then, Dean caught sight of a ruby spatter. Azazel’s blood spilled still as he rode onwards and Dean wondered if he’d got the man worse than he’d thought, that he was still bleeding so far onwards. They rode hard, not stopping until the sun set and the bloody trail their prey left was no longer visible at all.
“No one?”
It had been a shock when Dean’s scent had drifted his way. Perhaps it shouldn’t have been. There was not much amusement to be had in western Arkansas, so it should not have been a surprise that Dean might come to one of the few shows that did travel through the area. Still, it was all he was able to do to keep a cool head when he’d looked up into the stands and see Dean there. A cool head was of supreme importance doing his show, given that he was using live ammunition and shooting at least once to within inches of his brother’s face.
“But, it’s,” Castiel started. “It can’t be healthy for him. With his heart issues.”
Castiel had been a number of things in his life- a soldier and killer, a student, a businessman. He’d been very lucky and he’d been fortunate with family connections. None of that seemed like what he was, his true self. In some ways, it was like he hadn’t come to life until that day that Dean Winchester walked up his driveway, looking for yard work. He thought about how battered his heart had been until that day, how empty his life had been. He’d wanted retirement, of course, but it had been stale, meaningless, until the day he met Dean.
Actually, he knew that wasn’t true. Jimmy would be itching to return to the town. The house he grew up in, his father’s home, would be his own anytime he chose to move in. He would need to court his mate first. Assuming his mate survived. He forced himself not worry about that now though. He had to make sure the pack was secure and functioning so that his mate would have a good home. And because this pack’s life was a legacy and an inheritance that he could not throw away. All these centuries, his people had banded together, made themselves into a extended family bound and bonded to each other and that meant more than Castiel could say. He had obligations.
“Ma’am?”
Castiel had been on the verge of signing for another tour. He would have been obligated to the government had he signed on that line like he had been planning for later in the day he got the call. He would not have been able to come home. Jimmy would have been named heir. Something no one wanted, especially not Jimmy. He’d been acting Pack Alpha since their father couldn’t any longer and was obviously relieved to have Castiel home to take up the reins.
Everyone had made it clear to him that no Alpha out there wanted that. They all wanted some sweet, domestic, and most of all, pretty Omega. That was not Dean, never would be, and he didn’t even want to try to be that. He was not sweet or pretty. His body was hard and muscular with work. His hair was wind blown. His cheeks were spattered with freckles from the sun that not even his hat could keep entirely off his face. He dressed for work around the ranch, in dungarees, not in soft, pretty things. He was an unnatural Omega. He owned up to that and never denied it.
“I think I might have noticed if I had a pup,” Dean said. “But folks have remarked on the resemblance between us before. Now is that true? What you told him?”
“We are married,” Dean said. “I think we kind of have been for years and maybe I want people to know that. Even if my husband wears ugly shoes with plastic doo-dads.”
He knew that at some point or another, Dean would find an Alpha. He knew he had to let Dean go and do that. Michael was a pretty terrible human being, but he was a lot less worse than a lot of Alphas and he could provide for Dean handsomely. Castiel never thought Michael would turn out the way he did.
It was hard to explain exactly how it felt when she looked at him. Like maybe how a rabbit must feel when it looks up at the last minute to see a hawk swooping down on it. But not that even. That was awful, tragic if you were the rabbit, but it was the natural order of things. Hawks ate smaller creatures. Surely it was tragic to the plants when some herbivore came around and cut their heads off for a meal. His biology teacher had said that the smell the grass made when it was cut was a chemical of cry of warning for the other plants. No, what he felt when Josie looked at him held something of that feeling of knowing you were prey, but it was more. There was something unnatural about it that he couldn’t exactly explain.
Only when it was almost done did the Marshall stir from his bedroll, sitting up and rubbing his hair so it stood up, unruly and unkempt, but somehow, no less appealing. It was entirely unfair that a person as irritating and insufferable as the Marshal was, that he should be so handsome.
“Yes. I know he’s married. I know I’m an idiot.” Dean said, slinking down into his seat, aching at the reminder of Cas, who should have been his mate. Dean’s chest hurt again at the thought of it all.
At first after his return home from the Territories, he’d been very popular, once the estate was settled and it became known that Dean was heir to the largest ranch in Yell County along with all its fine horses and the hundreds of head of cattle. A lot of Alphas came calling, wanting to court him. It was serious courting they all seemed to have in mind too. They didn’t ask him for rides in their buggies or that sort of thing, but to church socials and the like. He went along with them mostly because it was some way to break up the monotony of work and it was safe enough. He’d never have allowed himself to be alone with another Alpha ever again. If an invitation to go out driving had come, he would have refused it, but the church socials, they were fine. He wondered at his sudden popularity, considering he wasn’t exactly a pretty Omega or a well behaved one even.
He had so many more questions, but this wasn’t the time. “We still on for next week, after this mayhem is over?”
Cas takes a sip of his wine. It’s very good wine. Zach and Naomi spared no expense. Cas figures there’s no reason not to indulge. He and Dean are staying right here at the estate. No driving required. All he’ll have to negotiate is a couple flights of stairs, should he choose to get intoxicated.
“Yeah. Place is all tight and cozy now, nothing major needed for repairs. Anything else… well. We haven’t started anything on the kitchen yet. Just made it so that the electricity isn’t likely to blow on you if you try turning on more than two things at once. Don’t know if you want to move right into the remodeling stuff, or if you want to take a little while to live with the place, decide more what you want to do.”
“Why don’t you set your things down, and I’ll bring you around to introduce everyone on your team.”
“What sorts of services do you offer? Sam just said you did general handyman work, and sort of a jack of all trades.”
Castiel considered for a moment, then shrugged one shoulder. “Perhaps it helped that it was a very specific topic. If you think he’s trustworthy, then yes. He seemed to know what he’s doing, and I would rather not have to meet with other people simply for the sake of getting additional bids.”
“Conversion?”
He ignored the slight flicker of surprise in the lawyer’s eyes. It wouldn’t be the first time someone had mistaken his anxiety for a lack of intelligence or an inability to communicate verbally.
“Gabriel,” Mom says in her best Mom voice. It has the usual impact – almost none. He does go quiet, but he still smirks at them.
There was a fleeting look in Gabriel’s eyes, somewhere between pity and understanding, which Castiel didn’t want to acknowledge. He didn’t want Gabriel’s pity, though his understanding and concern… well, it was quite possible that Gabriel was the only one who bothered to care, and Castiel treasured that.
Yeah. No. This wasn’t happening. Not a chance.
There was a pause before he replied, but then… “Perhaps,” he said, softly.
“That isn’t a case. You asked a five-year-old whom you’ve clearly been indoctrinating since the day she was born.”
Cas put his hand on Dean’s arm and squeezed in comfort. “There are no jack-o-lanterns,” he pointed out. “We can still do that.”
His men stared.
He leaned in. Castiel met him in the middle, sharing a sweet, gentle kiss.
Unfortunately, traveling from the beach also meant they had to walk uphill. Normally that wasn’t an issue for Castiel. He got around on foot most of the time, but it had been a long, exhausting day. By the time they got back to his house after returning the cart, he was nearly stumbling. He fumbled with the key, finally succeeding in opening the door. It took a moment to light the oil lamp, but soon a soothing light shone over the front room.
“I do hope so, yes. Thank you.” Cas nodded, then reluctantly turned and strode across the courtyard back to the designers’ staging area and his world of wire supports, greenery, fancy vases, and green floral tape.
“Awesome.” He grinned. After rinsing the worst of the garden dirt off with the garden hose, he followed Cas inside the kitchen.
Oh man, oh man. That sort of attitude wasn’t going to get anyone very far in Caroline, Kansas, Dean thought. Sarah’s posture straightened.
“How many places have you worked?”
“Well, that’s true. Cute kid, anyhow. So. Grocery store next?”
“Long days for you too, holed up in here.”
“Can you help me with these cuff links?” Dean asks.
Dean counted that as a win.
“Sh, babe.” Dean leans forward and kisses him quickly, then brushes his lips along his cheek towards his ear. “Boyfriendy.”
Cas was focused on breathing properly. He still felt all tingly, and dizzy with how fast his world view had shifted. He rather thought that if he moved too fast he might just fall entirely. At least they probably thought it was because of his aversion to dealing with new people, so he was safe enough that way.
Cas laughed. “If you insist.”
Dean grinned. “Yeah, I like working with my hands, and I like variety. I can do basic plumbing and electrical, things like fixing light fixtures and repairing leaks. More substantial work in those areas I have guys I know that are licensed. I’m fairly sure that there’s going to need to be at least some rewiring in this lovely lady. She’s gorgeous, but she’s showing her age. My specialty is carpentry, both the construction type and custom furniture. I can do just about anything you’d need around here. That said, it’s usually just me, though I have a couple guys I call on when I need another set of hands to do things. So I can’t always get things done as fast as some of the bigger contractors out of the city could. I like to think my work’s at least equal in quality, if not better. And if you actually want the speed and are willing to pay for it, I can hire on temporary help.”
Cas could look like he got the canary, too, when he got Dean and Charlie laughing over something he said.
“Never knew my own grandparents,” Dean muses. “My dad’s parents died when he was young. Mom was older when she lost hers, but still.”
She sighed, shook her head. “It’s after eight. Pack up your work and go home, eat some dinner. The book will still be here tomorrow.”
“Yeah, man. It was yesterday. Lord Michael and the new Lady Bela have departed on their wedding trip as of this morning.”
“Yes, Miss Claire?”
Still dazed, he crosses over to the right-hand side of the bed, the one closer to the windows. Come to think of it, that’s likely why Dean subconsciously chose the left side. He always positions himself between the door and whoever else he’s with, especially if that person is Sam or Cas.
“Awesome. Brings back memories of the early years. Remember that first apartment we shared, the last year of college?”
He turned right.
Not what I’d like you to, that’s for sure, Dean thinks. “I’ll… think of something. Maybe have a couple drinks at the bar before we board the … before we board.”
“Yeah, yeah, you threatened me if I just brought the regular stuff, remember?”
“Mm,” Cas grunted, and sipped at his own mug. He leaned back against the cabinet, more relaxed than Dean had seen him yet. It gave him a particular pleasure, because he didn’t think that happened very often. So maybe Cas did actually like him? Might be open to friendship, at least? That was certainly worth pursuing. Dean had friends in Caroline, of course, but most of the people his age were settling down, starting families. It cut into their availability to just hang out with friends. He was always welcome, he knew that, but… yeah. Sometimes he felt a little lonely.
“Sounds like you already invited him.”
“Love you back.”
“Dude.” Dean turned the book over to look at the cover, and his breath hissed through his teeth. “Cas. This is a Steven Emmanuel book. One I haven’t read.”
Dean devoured the book, staying up until 3 a.m., his eyes burning and his shoulders aching from his bad posture as he read, but he couldn’t put it down. There were no doubts — this was a genuine, authentic Steven Emmanuel book. The style was unmistakable, the characterizations like coming home to old friends.
The Colt was thrown out of his hand as Azazel grappled with him.
“That’s the one. So pretty though.”
Cas went to meet his doom. Sam strode right past him, ignoring him.
“Not those. That’s caviar. Fish eggs. You hated it last time.”
“This is the Road House,” Novak said. “It’s run by Ellen and her daughter. I will stop here and seek intelligence about my quarry. Someone here will be able to escort you back to the ferry.”
"Yeah, ok. Help me?" he asked.
Sam’s music was still always crap and always would be, but Castiel’s choices were always surprisingly easy to listen to. Dean pretended to scowl, but that Taylor Swift lady was easy on the ears and Dean thought he might be starting to understand the hype about Beyoncé. Cas had a knack for picking out the best of the pop music from about the last ten to fifteen years. It was Castiel’s turn this time and Taylor Swift went in the tape deck.
“So, you know, the funny thing is you forgot to search the Omega because everyone thinks we’re harmless. But I’m not,” Dean said, stepping forward, feinting an attack with his belt knife.
“Just promise me. I thought I was going to be going to your funeral.”
They jogged silently. Or at least, with no sound but Sam’s breathing. The pace was obviously hardly an effort for Castiel, but Sam had to work to keep up. Shorter legs. Sam had started growing faster now they’d come to the Pack. He was noticeably taller than he’d been six months ago, none of the clothes he came with fit, but he was still a short pipsqueak, only just starting to catch up with Dean, though aware that soon, he would blow right past him in height.
Eventually, she drained the bottle and her blue eyes closed. She fell to sleep in his arms, as if she trusted him to hold her and keep her safe. How could she trust him, when he had messed up so awfully. He had broken so many promises, made so many misjudgments. He had betrayed Amelia and Dean both. He had tried to do what he thought was right only to have it explode in his face. He had taken the path he thought was right, but it had turned out to be only the easy path. And now, here in his arms was this innocent, lovely being who would have to trust to him not to screw up and to do the hard things. He might not get a second chance with Dean but he vowed that he would do everything he could not to need a second chance with his daughter.
“You’re not wrong about him, but he’s had them less than a week. They won’t be ruined yet,” Dean said. “I don’t like dealing with him, but my Dad always did.”
“We’ll talk later. I’m supposed to get you up to speed on the McLeod portfolios. They’ll be in your hands for the next month while I’m on family leave.”
He did eventually fall asleep and didn’t wake until it was dark outside. On the other side of his door, he could hear music and laughter, the sounds of a crowd. It was a bar after all. He only woke because Bobby entered the room with an armful of blankets, comforters and even some of those fake fur throw blankets, He tossed them down on desk and sniffed the air.
A sobering thought that he might somehow, someday start to see Sam as not completely off limits. It wasn’t unheard of, two brothers taking up together. He thought about Cas. The news kept trying to link Cas romantically to his half brother Michael. He’s seen a picture of this Michael on the TV and hated his smarmy, smoothly handsome face the instant he saw it. He hoped whatever Cas did with his life, whatever appropriate cousin or noble he ended up mating, it wasn’t this Michael, his half brother.
A short while later, the ten of clubs was retrieved from the deck and displayed to the audience with a hole through the top left club. “Ladies and Gentleman! Four shots! Four cards hit! Give it up for the Marshal! Is this not the most supreme demonstration of trick shooting you have ever seen?”
“I don’t want to risk seeing him again until I’m ready.”
Hearing the voices, Amelia hurried to put away the wedding outfit. Perhaps she didn’t want Dean reminded of what he didn’t have for his mating ceremony, so Castiel was alone in the kitchen when the back door opened and Dean walked in.
“And I told Clarence here that if we ride direct into Sweetwater Ridge like he was planning, we’d all be dead. That trail takes you into a canyon and it’d be like shooting rats in a barrel,” Meg said. She was down on her knees, digging around in a pile of river tumbled stones and Dean wondered what the hell she was doing.
“How do you know that?” Sam asked.
“We can talk about this tonight.”
So, Dean still thought the plastic shoes were ugly and stupid, but he didn’t say that. What he said was, “Hey, Kiddo, you’re staying for dinner, right? Should I set another place at the table?”
“How am I supposed to court you?” Dean asked. “You, like, own billions. You’re a damn Prince or whatever. Couldn’t you have my head cut off or something, just by giving the order.”
Castiel sighed. “Something happened in the family by the time I was ready to go to school. My parents were gone, my father died in an accident. Michael was in charge of the family, but there wasn’t money anymore or at least Michael said there wasn’t so I went to a pre-military. I haven’t seen any of my brothers since then. There aren’t visiting days in the pre-military.”
“No reason for you not to enjoy it just because I can’t.”
“So, nothing can be done,” Bobby said. “And the law’s designed for that. No way to stop Dean from being disinherited if he mates or when his younger brother mates.”
He got himself home by five, enough time for Dean to get dinner ready before everyone would return home. Dean hadn’t known how to cook beyond following box instructions when he’d first come to the pack, but he’d picked it up quickly and he was looking forward to showing off his skills to his new mate. That was something he could offer. Everyone had to eat and most people liked it better when it was good food.
The implication was that Sam would not like it if Castiel had to do this.
“So, sewing? Is that part of your discipline too?”
They stuck the last gift under the tree and it was only then that Dean thought to look up at the top. There was a new topper. It was a rayed star, gold metal, with lots of sparkly crystal bits attached to it. It rotated slowly and in the center, it glowed, setting the crystals on fire. “What’s with the tree topper?” Dean asked. “Is that powered by that Angelthenium crap?”
“You don’t have to say it, Sammy,” Dean said, not wanting to get into it. Yeah, Sam had been a little shit to him lately, but he didn’t want to get started explaining exactly how. Sam knew, so Dean wasn’t going to rehash it. Dean just wanted the moment and for it to be nice. Sam had gone to the effort of making him a nice gift and he just wanted to treasure the moment. He didn’t get to see Sam as much these days. He knew why, had it explained that they were both too close and ‘enmeshed’ whatever that meant. It didn’t stop Dean from wishing Sam was a little kiddo again, one that he could wrap up tight and take care of. The grownups thought it was better they spent a lot of time apart, but Dean still needed that connection with Sam. If all the little connections he was making with the pack were strings, then his connection with Sam was the big, solid core at the center of the rope that tethered him to life.
Then, just briefly, the brash, cheerfully slutty mask slipped, only for a minute and Dean said, “He said if I let him cut me, he would mate me, but he never did.”
“I stink, don’t I?”
Of course, Dean wasn’t quite sure why God needed to shop at the Target for a gift. Couldn’t God just magic up an absolutely perfect gift with the snap of his fingers. Get Cas a shiny new halo or big feathery pair of wings? No, apparently it was better that God pick out a gift from the sock aisle of the Target.
Dean still had one ball of the three left and he whipped it at the remaining bottle again. It hit and bounced off the bottle. “Totally rigged,” he complained as Castiel dragged him away from the game and off the midway completely.
“Once we have this meeting with the Men of Letters and get that all squared away. Not going to lie to you, Dean, they’re a tougher nut to crack than anyone thought. They want you back and they’re talking about trying to invalidate the mating. Something about an important bloodline and you and Sam are the last of it.”
“Okay. I get it. I need to make you look good. I’ll wear the penguin suit and try to not look like an idiot.”
“Holy fuck, Winchester,” Charlie said. “You were gray for a minute there.”
“What is this I hear about your plan to split Grace Industries from the crown?” She demanded, cold anger in her voice. “And ending your tour early? I despair of you, Castiel.”
“No, of course not, but they’re missing now and there’s no time to find them before Hall is closed for the night. Dean will be mated in the best I could find at the last minute, but he should have better.”
“No,” Dean said, so quiet that Castiel almost missed it.
I know it’s not a Tuesday or a Thursday or even a Saturday, but I had a strong need to get this story done. I hope you don’t mind. It’s been a long and dusty ride to get here.
“Fragile? Maybe medically, but you took John Winchester’s kids into our pack. You had no damn idea what you were getting with them, do you?”
Castiel dressed in a hurry and was out the door before he had time to think. His car was, at the moment, a bit of a junker. He’d left the Prius with Amelia and bought the cheapest thing he could when he’d flown in from Arizona- a big gold Lincoln Continental. It was cheap but spacious and comfortable and it ran reliably for the few days he’d had it. He looked in the big, empty back seat in the rear view mirror and realized he didn’t yet have a car seat for the infant. His mate was having a child and he didn’t have any preparations made. He should have at least spent his evening shopping for a car seat. That would be the minimum, wouldn’t it? He should be able to transport his infant child. He would have to get a different apartment than the one he leased, he would need two bedroom, at least. Maybe he should let the lease run out on the house he’d bought with Amelia in Lawrence run out. They’d rented it out rather than selling when they moved. Or would it be better to buy another house completely? Should he buy a new house without memories of a marriage he only started to understand was stifling and dead now that he was out of it?
They stared at each other a while longer, as if Castiel were struggling to find the words. Maybe they’d gotten lost with the years, but eventually, he did manage to speak. “Please, Dean. I’ve loved you since you stole my horse and made him dance rings around me. I love you and I can’t stand to be apart from you any longer.”
He found he liked riding with Cas just as much now as he’d liked it back then all those years ago. Cas was a good trail companion, didn’t talk too much or too little. As they were making their way side by side on a wider part of the trail, Dean noticed something.
For now though, he had to get Sam ready to spend the evening by himself so he could go out and earn them another few weeks of food and new shoes for Sam. He’d let Castiel buy him something nice too, but not too nice. Maybe he could get something he could sell for enough cash to pay part of the rent.
He’d died a little inside when Castiel and Hannah had walked right past where Dean had been waiting for Cas just inside the entrance to the Hall. They had been talking animatedly, Cas had been going on, something about private road easements. They’d gone past him as if Cas hadn’t even seen Dean. Hannah did though. She’d looked back at Dean briefly and Dean thought that she smirked at him. Maybe he was just imagining that. Maybe it was just one of her normal half-smiles, the ones that seemed to give her face a look serene indifference, as if she were happy, but that happiness had nothing to do the outside world, just a mood that she felt and owned. They had gone right past Dean. Cas had taken his usual seat that the head table and Hannah took the seat to his right.
“Yeah, well, I have a family,” Dean said, thinking of Sam and Eileen and their kids in Sam’s big house just up the road. He’d done well, both in the law and with the family corporation. They had the house at the ranch and a town house in Fort Smith.
“Never married or mated?”
“Dean’s been hurt?”
It was agonizing, in some ways, to just lie there in at the bottom of the pool of distressed Omega scent and not be able to do anything to help. To know how very much he was the source of it. It had been Amelia and, to a lesser extent, Jimmy who had proposed making Dean into pseudo parental figure to Claire, but his decision had allowed it to happen, if only as the most expedient way to save his life. It had been his decision to mate Dean. His scent on Dean that was driving Claire away.
Now Bobby was going to have to own up to his mistake and see what could be done. He watched Dean work for a while. At last, Dean took the blankets and leads off the horses and release them into the pasture to join the others. Only then did Dean join him at the split rail fence of the training corral.
“Now, I’m just about to bring you back. This wristband has an info chip and you have to let any nurse or security guard that asks scan it. It’s for security, you understand? It just lets them know it’s you. All standard procedure. When you’re given your baby by the nurse or whenever, they’ll scan you both, just to make sure we’ve given you the right one. Can’t have you holding strange babies on accident.”
They were left in the mouth of the mineshaft, a cave like excavation in the hillside. The main bore yawned ominously black some fifteen feet away, but the whole place was generally creepifying. He thought he saw a little scorpion scuttle across his boot and there were all kinds of dark places and shadows. God alone knew what kind of critters might be hiding in them. Any of them could be a secondary tunnel or hole of some kind. There was just enough glimmering moonlight to reveal how very dark and deep the mine was. A man could die here easily.
“Yes, love,” Cas said, quietly. “I love you, Dean Winchester. I have since the moment I laid my eyes on you, when you walked up my driveway two years ago, wanting to know if you could earn money mowing my lawn.”
“Hold up just a moment,” Castiel said.
“Sam, listen to me,” Castiel said. “Dean will be okay, but you need to be strong for him now. Do you understand? Can you be calm for now?”
He turned away, but he remembered.
“But why not? Am I so awful that you wouldn’t want to mate me?”
“I’m not most Omegas and I’m not worried about ruining myself for other Alphas. Mating and a family is not in my cards.”
“Maybe I should have just let you knock me up. Babies would keep me busy.”
All morning had been spent between consulting with different pack members, then with a couple of real estate attorneys who’d dropped everything to come out to the pack lands to help develop the contract, only leaving Castiel and Hannah to go over the details in the late, late afternoon. They’d sat at her desk in her kitchen office and gone over the contract with a fine-toothed comb. No one, not even Jimmy or himself, had a better idea of the pack financials than Hannah did.
Cas was not surprised to see that Dean had touched so many lives that his side of the hotel ballroom was filled with people. He had been annoyed a little at first that standing up in a church with family present and having a small party afterwards had grown to such a large crowd, but soon realized that in many ways, this large grouping was just the family and that he should feel blessed that his beloved had touched so many lives so deeply. What did surprise Cas was that his own side of the ballroom was not empty, that he had his own extended family of the heart. People from the Show had converged here when Gabriel had spread the news. People from their movie studio were there. Meg had come, even though she was now a busy woman with responsibilities.
Dean wasn’t quite sure what he was expecting, but when they pulled up to the building they’d been directed, there was a whole squad of pups, young Alphas of various ages, all in the navy blue uniform with the gold crest on the pocket, lined up to welcome Sam, with an older Alpha boy, to direct things. Even outdoors, the Alpha musk was choking and thick, the reek exactly about what you’d expect from a crowd of dozens of teenage Alphas.
“Yeah,” Dean said, shaking his head. Sometimes he wondered if he still had Sam. Ever since Sam was on the verge of presenting, he’d gotten all weird and rude to Dean. Supposedly, while Dean was still out of it, Sam had hardly wanted to leave the hospital room, but once Dean was awake, he hardly stayed. A half hour or so each day, maybe an hour, no longer. Bobby told Dean this was a good thing. Sam was busy with school and making friends in the pack. Sam needed more than a teenage Omega should be asked for and Dean needed to let the pack fill the gap for him.
Dean couldn’t think of a reason anywhere to ever let go of his Marshal again, so he said, “Of course. I’ve never seen a movie before.”
“I’m gonna take the kids and get a real tree for the living room. Maybe while we’re gone, you can figure out where we can put the Christmas twig you bought.”
Dawn was coming though and people were starting to stir in the hall. Dean was still deeply asleep, so Castiel slipped out of his embrace and put his boots on. He couldn’t open the Hall just yet, but he stalked the inside of it, satisfying himself that everyone under its roof was fine. Most of the pack was asleep, crowded onto every available bench, some of them on the floor itself. It was a huge Hall, but their pack was growing. That was something that more land purchases couldn’t fix. He’d looked into expanding the Hall at the same time they’d made the repairs and it just wasn’t feasible.
“Very well, I’ll have your copy of the receipt duplicated by this morning. Twenty-five for the black mare, no less. I paid your father twenty for her. She’s a fine beast and I do need to cover my costs.”
A make-up or rescheduled celebration wasn’t their custom. If a sacred or other important date was somehow missed, it was let go. Celebrated the next year if it was one of the cyclical holidays. They should give Dean this though, given the circumstances. Castiel wished he could give Dean a whole new mating ceremony on a night that wasn’t also a natural disaster, but that was the sort of thing you didn’t get do-overs for.
“I can’t say I like her any better than you do,” Jody said. “But Doc Redfield is a drunkard and incompetent besides. Look, he’s right there in Cell Five.”
Before long, they were settled back into the box bed, nestled inside Castiel’s big fluffy pile of featherbed and pelts and blankets. The heat of the previous day had dispersed and it wasn’t exactly cold, but it had cooled off. After sitting up, it was nice to burrow back into the pillowy warmth. It was kind of like a nest, Dean thought, wondering if Alphas liked to nest too, thinking of Charlie and her nest. Dean found himself snuggling into Castiel’s side, even though he might not have wanted that, like maybe he wanted to be angry at Castiel, but there was something also comforting about snuggling up with Castiel and this time, the urge for comfort won.
Then they dragged him out to the porch where a tiny, tiny little bonsai of a Christmas tree waited for them, the one that Sammy had picked out.
“Cas, is that you?”
“You’re old enough to be in this bar legally, right?” Dean asked. “Because no offense, you look kind of like you’re tipping to the wrong side of jailbait and that’s a hard no for me.”
“Who?” Sam asked, wondering how this bit of gossip hadn’t gotten to him yet. The pack wasn’t expecting a mating this Midsummer. Jesse and Cesar were the only betrothed, unmated couple at the moment, but they’d said they weren’t ready for mating yet. As far as Dean knew, almost everyone who was of an age to mate was already mated or it seemed like they never would, like Meg.
Maybe it wasn’t what he wanted to be doing, but it would keep him busy. That might be enough for now.
He did not sink to his knees or expose his throat, like a young pup who had been called to curb, but he lowered his face, no longer staring into Castiel’s eyes. The gesture was enough to placate Castiel’s Alpha for the moment. The challenge was not a challenge, just a mistake. The conflict was averted. Gadreel swallowed hard and then said, “I apologize. I acknowledge that you are Alpha to us all. I worry about our pack and our place in this world and thought I needed to speak. I should have held my tongue about this thing.”
Three hours later, he was in the thick of things, dropping off yet another round of cheap, crappy beer to table ten and a basket each of the wings and the fried appetizer selection to the heavy set Alphas at table nine. Heart attack combo, they always called it in the kitchen. It was their most popular item. So much so that during the dinner shift, they had one guy who did nothing but run the deep fryers.
“You seen the Marshal?” He asked Bobby, folding up his serape. Someone had washed it clean and hung it to dry, so it smelled fresh and clean, like soap. He remember vaguely vomiting all over it, fouling it with sick. He fingered a hole with singed edges, where the Colt had gotten tangled up and the shot gone through the serape and gone wild, missing Azazel. If he’d made that shot, he’d never have fallen into the pit with the rattler.
They came back to themselves a moment later, breathing heavily. Dean couldn’t explain the joy that was welling up inside him and he certainly couldn’t explain the words that tumbled from his lips, not intended to be said, but definitely and definitively the truth.
Dean collapsed to his knees, unable to speak. They were alone now, just him and Sam. His world was ending. How would they survive without Dad, without their little pack of three? The unexpected happened. Castiel picked him up. He wrapped Dean around the shoulders and lifted him up.
“It’s my duty.”
Castiel heard the implied, ‘And much of that is your fault’ quite clearly.
“Who the hell are you and what are you doing on my property?” Winchester demanded.
A sadness passed over Jimmy’s face, though it seemed like an old one, long familiar to Jimmy.
“Oh,” Castiel said, realizing what Dean meant and what might happen very soon. Much sooner than he expected. But it had been twenty five years and it was more than time.
“Cas, I need you to take me back to the hotel,” Dean said, grabbing Castiel’s hand.
They’d always used Angelthenium for lighting in the palace, flakes of it embedded in faceted glass. It spread the cold, white blue light into every corner. Such a waste of it, using it the old way, but once you made an Angelthenium light like that, it would glow forever. The chandelier in the Great Reception Hall was six hundred years old and had not needed a replacement bulb yet, it was said.
He’d have to ask Hannah about Dean’s missing clothes. Perhaps it had happened with no ill will. A mistake. There were a lot of boxes that ended up at the pack offices and Dean’s things could well be sitting there now. Still, Castiel wanted to be sure there was no petty prank happening. He needed Hannah to understood he wouldn’t tolerate that kind of thing. He tried to remember that there was no proof that she had anything to do with the missing wedding clothes. It was frustrating that Amelia had asked him not to look into Dean being denied his welcome party. Other than that, there was nothing that couldn’t be explained in some way.
I’ll try and get to everyone’s soon.
“On the shuttle,” Dean said. “On my dad’s way to his last hunt.”
What the hell was Meg talking about?
Dean stopped to listen. Castiel had moved back? He was getting divorced from the wife he’d refused to leave for Dean’s sake?
So Cas pressed forward and his cock easily slid into Dean’s slicked up cunt. They stared into each other’s eyes as he bottomed out. It was too wonderful, being filled up, it always was. There was that feeling of stretch at first, like he couldn’t be able to take all of Castiel but then everything just fell into place and Cas was just right inside of him. It was always like that, but this time it was better, knowing what they were about to do. Castiel perfectly fit inside him, like he didn’t belong anywhere else. Then he started to move inside Dean, his cock touching all the right places inside and a hand between them, rubbing Dean’s little cock, no longer teasing, but urging Dean on to higher and higher pleasure until there was no higher to go, until Dean was falling over that cliff, crying out and clenching, his body no longer his own but given over entirely to that moment and Cas was right there with him. Cas was thrusting harder, pace faster and faster, and as if he were powered from inside by some engine. He was gasping along with Dean and then he slammed in one last time and was still. Dean could feel himself stretch and grab, taking the knot that had always been denied to him until now. There was nothing between them and Dean could feel the warmth of Castiel’s come inside him.
