He suddenly found a bunch of papers shoved in his face. “Here you go Tony.”
“But I had a great time too.”
The woman pursed her lips and shook her head. “Dead or
“No wonder, I mean Apple and Pork Casserole?” He set it down and picked up another. “Egg custard with rice? Seriously, where did you
“Peter!” He bolted upright, or at least tried to, but a wave of agony and Tony’s gentle hands easing him back down stopped him.
“Slow down there kiddo,” Tony chuckled as he continued to feed his son.
Stark followed the coordinates that JARVIS had traced from the call, frantically scanning the city streets below for any sign of his son. As he was getting closer, he saw a pile of rubble where the better half of a parking garage used to be, surrounded by civilians and emergency vehicles.
He glanced at Tony, his jaw set and his eyes full of agony. “I’m going to be at the old Brooklyn apartment.
He made it to the living room when he found the source of trouble scrambling to pick up cookies off of the floor.
“Peter!!”
Steve hadn’t realized it, but his punches had become significantly more erratic and violent and he soon found himself punching at air and stumbling from the force of his unstopped swing. Surprised, he looked down to see the bag on the floor, and when he felt a bit more pain than normal in his hands he found that he had worn the tape down and they were bleeding. He sighed and ran one bloody appendage through his hair, grabbing an already damp towel with the other and dried his face and neck.
“I’ll get him.” He pressed a quick kiss to Tony’s nose before climbing over him and venturing out into the hallway.
Now he was back at it, and it was all because of that stupid playboy. The billionaire that convinced him to go on their first date, was the one who made him smile truthfully for the first time in 70 years, made him trusting enough for Steve to tell him things he wouldn’t dare repeat to anyone else, convinced him that he might actually stay faithful. He was missing the smirk of that stubborn man, longing to caress his skin, breathe in his scent, hear the soft hum of the glowing arc reactor, and taste his delicious lips. Because despite everything, he could not forget Tony and he could not ever stop loving Tony, even if the other man didn’t love him.
His flight had gotten in rather late, so he was sure Steve would be asleep. He loosened his tie and started for the kitchen, intending to grab the most ready-to-eat thing he saw in the refrigerator, which would most likely be leftovers Steve had made.
“There,” Steve said once they had placed everything, “feel better now?”
Peter looked up at Steve, searching for reassurance, before nodding solemnly, taking in the vast wisdom of his Papa.
His punches became more forceful.
“Captain!”
He took a few of the cookies and munched on them while he recovered presents ‘from Santa’ from his and Steve’s secret hiding spot in the wall behind the painting and placed them under the tree. He also filled up all three of their stockings with already-wrapped goodies and was unable to resist shaking the little box designated for him in an attempt to guess what it contained. He downed most of the milk and double-checked to make sure that everything was ready to go for morning.
He could feel hands on his shoulders shaking him gently and this motion caused his eyelids to flutter and then he was hit with overwhelming pain. He squeezed his eyes shut and clenched his teeth, groaning.
Steve looked down and played with the tab on his cup. “I spoke with the doctor while I was out,” he whispered.
This is AU because one I still haven't seen Civil War and also because Pietro and Bucky are either not dead or no longer brainwashed and has his memories back. Clint is divorced and Pietro and Clint are close and flirting. Tony is still pissed. Steve is depressed and Bucky is just looking for a place to live but he's living with Steve for the time being. Bruce and Natasha are together. Wanda and Vision, I am not entirely sure about that couple to be honest but please read and enjoy a third chapter will be up soon,
“You’re welcome.” Loki smiles a little with tears in his eyes. “Then I will gladly join you three on this mission. I’ll make sure we stop all of the traps.”
********************************Hours later**********************************
“Are you Steve Rogers?” A nurse asks before Pepper could reply. The nurse continues at the nod. “ Mr. Stark would you in the room right now or as he says, “Get the son of a bitch in here so I have someone to fucking blame.” That is a direct quote.” She smirks a little.
“Are you ok?” Bucky walks over to Steve. “Is Tony going to be ok?”
“He left Clint!” Tony gets up and paces a bit holding his stomach. “Why should I talk to him?”
"No, You left and decided you didn't need us! You wanted to be a father and when I told you the best news ever…..You fucking bailed on me! On our twins! If you would have talked to me instead of running away like the coward you are then maybe I'd let you back in my life but I can't. You fucking broke me, Steve." Tony tries holding back his tears. "Look, I won't take away your right to see your children but I don’t want you back in my life as anything right now. I can’t forgive you for running like that. “
"Steve is in there with Tony," Pepper says as all but Happy turn to her in surprise. "Tony said he wanted Steve to know the pain he put him through and that Steve should experience it too."
“Friday!” Tony yells. “Call 911, Pepper, Happy, Rhodes and…..shit ow….Steve. It’s time.” He groans loud and crumbles the letter in his hand.
“Yup,” The nurse smiles. “One boy and one girl. The girl is named Raven Trinity Stark-Rogers and the boy is Grant James Stark-Rogers.”
“That won’t work.” Natasha states. “In order to consider going stealth first. No offense you can’t send in Rhodey in his armour. That’s just not the way it works. You send in people like Hawkeye and I. Wanda could do it too. Then you send in the loud people because you would be a distraction.”
"Yes, ma'am," Friday says.
“Steve you love him right?”
I am so sorry for the delay. A very long Hiatus, I ended up starting a new job and it has become kind of demanding. Been working on some days off when I would like to be writing but here is the new chapter of Complicated. Forgive me please if I’m a little rusty. Please enjoy!
Steve gets to the hospital as soon as he could then runs into Happy and Pepper at the entrances.
“I might be able to help locate them as well.” Loki states without leaving Thor’s side still. “I just need a piece of clothing or something. I’ll be able to track them.”
“Alright let’s move out. We have a lot to do and prepare for.” Steve states
Steve cautiously walks by him not use to this side of Tony.
A few hours pass
"Fuck you!" Tony yells. "I gave you options and you just left! I even told you I was pregnant with your Goddamn child and you left! Didn't even ask me if I wanted to come with you! You call me selfish but even I wouldn't have done that if you were pregnant!"
“Shit Nat.” Steve jumps and stops pacing back and forth when he realizes everyone is here.
"Ok, Then I won't say anything," Steve says.
Tony takes a moment to think back to their last moment together.
"Please, Tony! I want to be with you again! I am so sorry I hurt you but I love you still! Please give me another chance!"
Loki nods with a small smile. “I wouldn't have it any other way.”
“That’s the last thing on my mind, Sam.”
"Ok," Tony sighs. "You can be the kid's nanny. I'll pay you a fair amount."
“Sounds like we have a problem with past enemies. Do we really have to do this with Loki?” Clint asks upset.
Hours past before Steve goes home with the babies in their cribs and Tony sleeping in his black sleeping pants and his Nirvana shirt with the baby monitor on the table beside him. Steve gives Tony a kiss on his forehead before he leaves to go home.
Tony lets go of Steven and moans.
***Meanwhile with Steven****
“Private room? I’m not surprised.”
“Hello,” The deliveryman says. “I’m looking for a Tony Stark?”
“You want me to go in with them?” Loki says in surprise. “Are you sure they won’t kill me before the mission is done.?” He grabs Thor’s hand when it is offered.
“Loki,” Steve states. “You said so yourself. You want a fresh start and a new life after everything you did. Yes, we might keep an eye on you for a bit but here’s a good start to really prove to us and not just Thor that you have changed. Help me save the man I love. Besides I think you and Tony could be really good friends once you get to know each other.”
"Hi, Steve!" Tony says high on medical drugs. "Come here by me." Tony has a big dopey smile on his face.
Four months have gone by since Grant and Raven were born. Steve has been running around taking care of Tony, who still won’t really talk to him since the birth of the kids. Steven stops in the doorway of the living as he watches Tony feed their daughter Raven. She has black hair like Tony but she has blue eyes like Steve, and she’s wearing a pink and blue onesie. Their son Grant inherited Steve’s blonde hair and Tony's brown eyes, wearing his baseball onesie that says "Dad's number 1" laying in one of the bouncers sleeping.
“I had nothing to do with that.” Loki finally speaks. “My past is less then…. admirable. I understand that but I wouldn’t wish anything on Tony or anyone now especially since everything I did…I didn’t want to do it anyway. I deserved everything I got, I would never say I didn’t but I want to help with Tony and Steven right now. I finally understand things that I didn’t before especially since I’m going to be a parent as well.” Clint stares at him shocked. “I don’t want my kids doing the stuff I did so I’m asking for a second chance.”
“Because I want to be able to yell at someone and cause them as much pain that I am in. So I thought why not…..hmmm fuck…the kid's father…fuckkkkkk." He holds his stomach. “Can’t we get this over with nurse?”
“Steven came today,” Tony says leaning back with his arm over his eyes. “He wants to come back into my life and our twins life.”
“I fucked up really bad Bucky,” Steven sighs taking off his button up shirt. “He doesn’t want to talk to me.”
“Yes,” Loki says. “I did say that but I am not naive to think anyone in this group besides Thor actually trusts me. It took a long time to earn that back. I don’t want to fuck it up this time especially while I ‘m still earning the trust of his team. Clint was right. What I did is not forgivable, especially what I did to him.” Clint looks at him in surprise. “I was in anger about family stuff and I took it out on a planet I barely knew anything about. Thor was right being king would destroy me but I had to learn the hard way. Going through everything I ever did and then when I lost it all. That was when I could rebuild and be better.”
"The difference is it came from you," Bucky explains. "He charities it more then if he would have bought it. Plus it shows you listen to him”
Friday pulls up the cameras from the night before. At first, nothing seems to be happening, both kids are sleeping in their cribs and Tony still sleeping on the couch with the blanket Steve put over him.
"I could just take care of the kids so you can work," Steve says. "It would save you time looking for someone to care for them."
“How’s Steve doing? Did he pass out yet?” Bucky asks as he walks into the lobby. Everyone except Pepper and Happy turns to him in surprise. "What? I was right there when Steve got the call."
"…..You don't know where Tony is?" Steve says as he tries to look for him and the kids himself. "Where are Raven and Grant? Is there a note?"
“I should warn you. I can get us close enough but I can’t get us inside because it's spelled against magic being used to go in.”
“The problem Bucky is that I left when I knew how it would affect him. He’s been through it before with is father, Obadiah, and even Pepper of all of people. I made him feel unloved, hurt and so much more. No wonder he hates me.”
After a day of progress between Steve and Tony, shit hits the fan. Villains coming back to life demanding blood?  What is Tony going through and What is steve going to do?
Tony wakes up with a hand to his head as he tries to calm a pounding headache. He sits up slowly on the ground when he hears a baby’s cry. Jumping up and nearly losing footing, Tony looks around for Raven. He stops when he sees Red Skull holding her.
“How did you fuck all of this up so bad?” Steve asks himself as he leaves.
"More than anything in the world."
“You fucking son of a bitch,” Tony yells when a contraction hits him.
“Let’s get everything we need then we’ll be on our way”
“What’s wrong?” Bruce asks.
“My brother is not who he use to be,” Thor says softly, keeping an arm around Loki’s waist so he can’t run away. “I can promise that.”
Steve nods and knocks on the door.
“Fucking kill me. I will never let you in me again.”
“No, no. We’re not back together.” Steve sighs. “But I wish we were. I promised to leave him alone about that though after the last letter. I refuse to push the subject.”
“I love him. I can’t just force Tony to sit down until he listens to me.”
“Then show him. How did you win his heart before?”
“Ok, but I want to begin again. I want to win you back. I still love you. I always have.I know I did run but I’m willing to do anything to get you and the team to forgive me for my actions.”
“I hate to….fucking a….ask this but…” Tony winces. “Since these are your kids…..fuck my life….Will you be in the room with me…FUCK!” He yells in pain.
“Understandable.” Thor nods as Loki returns to the room.
Tony sighs and gets up to get something to eat when the doorbell rings. He walks over and opens it.
Steve holds both of them after the nurse shows him how. He cries a little as he holds them.
“Then go get your man back. He’s carrying your kids for Christ’s sake man. Keep fighting for him and the kids. I know you make each other happy.”
“Some enemies of his and mine,” Steve says running a hand through his blonde hair.
“Good.” Natasha smiles a bit. “Then we’ll go in first and you can follow us in. Do not stray from the plan Steve.”
“Come on Happy,” Pepper says. “We better go.”
“Ok, “ Tony smiles back and for a moment the spark is back before Tony looks away blushing before he clears his throat. “I need to go downstairs for a bit. I have a big idea that can't wait to go on paper and on my iPad. The kids are feed and um should be fine for awhile."
“Who says he doesn’t love you?” Natasha asks softly. “ We all saw him the day he left Steve still loved you, Tony. "
“I thought…Red Skull and Whiplash were dead.” Pepper says. “And Justin was in jail after helping Whiplash.”
“We were asked to keep it quiet that he is here. He donated a large amount of money to help the children’s wing and asked that we keep his visit quiet while he is here.”
The other avengers rush into the lobby and throw a lot of questions at Pepper.
“I don’t know Bucky.” Steve sighs running his hand through his hair. “Tony wants me in there but the doctor said no since they don’t know what will happen.”
"Maybe but you can't really stop us anyway," Bucky says.
"Come in," Tony calls in a little bit of pain.
“Why would I say that?” Tony asks. “I want you right here with me.”
Tony finishes reading the letter before yelling in pain.
“True,” Pietro states a little grumpy as Clint rubs his arm.
"I've missed you, Steve," Tony says trying to pull him in the bed.
“We get that.” Sam sighs. “What is going on that you called everyone?”
"Hey, Tony." Steve smiles at him.
Happy and Pepper head out the door.
“Language Cap,” Sam states as he sits in one of the chairs.
In the waiting room
Tony is trying to keep him and the babies alive. What is going to happened after Whiplash gets to close? A new savior comes to light for Tony? Does everything change here on out? Does love really win in the end?
“What’s going on Pepper?” Steve says. “I got a call from Friday to come here but wasn’t told why.
“How’s Tony and the babies?” Clint asks.
“I don’t sense any magic tempering with anything. I think this should be fine then.” Loki takes the blanket. “Excuse me, I need some quiet and room to concentrate.”
“ I helped him in his shop and listen to him talk. We traveled together to places we both loved and wanted to see. I cooked for him and he loved it. We use to talk about anything and everything. Sometimes we'd bring each other gifts like flowers, books, parts he needs I could afford." Steve laughs a little. "but Tony can buy everything he wants.”
“Whiplash was as far as we knew but Red Skull we never actually know what happened to him. The Tesseract sent him somewhere and we assumed he died. “ Steve says, not taking his eyes off the screen. Red Skull smiles at the screen as he drops an envelope on the table that has not been destroyed by the minions.
“Are you guys betting on my date life again?” Steve asks while grabbing a bottle of water.
“No, Mr. Stark stated that he only wished you in there so he can yell at you.” The nurse says. “Here we are.” She stops in front of room 208.
After they have someone drop off supplies to Tony for the kids, he says to him, “Shit, what have I done? Maybe I’m not good enough for Steven or to be a dad.” He holds his sleeping kids close after feeding them.
“No, I just know that no one can tell her no or not to do it.” Steve smiles before taking a drink of his water bottle.
“Damn it, I must have had an off day with said that.” He grabs Steve by his shirt surprising Steve. “IF this ever happens again just fucking kill me.”
“Should have thought about that.” Whiplash laughs as he grabs Tony by the throat and squeezes the life out of him. “May God forgive you because I know I won’t.”
“Is this a good idea?” Clint asks. “He did a lot of shit to us in the last 5 years or so.”
“Tony and the kids were kidnapped by Red Skull, Whiplash, and Justin. Earlier today at about 4 am. Friday is trying to locate them as we speak.” Steven looks at everyone.
"No," Tony says almost angrily. "To be the nanny, I want someone to be living here. I don't want to live with my ex-boyfriend."
“Fine,” Tony says. “I’ll sign for it. As long as it’s just a letter.” Tony signs his name on the sheet before taking the letter. After shutting the door he rips open the envelope.
And that is the end of the chapter. Sorry my computer is dying and I, like an idiot, forgot my charger. So please review and comment if you like. Raven’s Oracle out! Later!
“We won’t kill you.” Clint says surprising everyone. “You’re willing to help. I can’t say I forgive you or that I ever could but I’m not going to kill you for wanting to help make something better. I see you are trying to make  it better by helping us save our family. So Thank you.”
“Of course I said no. He left. I wasn’t good enough anymore. Just like everyone one else I loved.”
Tony rips up the card and throws the flowers in the trash. He sighs as dummy sweeps up the ripped card.
“Hey! Leave my mother out of this please Tony.”
"On it. Thank you, Friday." Happy says as he brings a blanket and puts it on Tony in the chair.
“Tony,” Natasha asks as she kneels by Tony. “Can you hear me?”
“You’re right.” Tony coughs violently. “But I can’t atone for my father's mistakes only my own. My father died without fixing his mistakes but I’ll make up for as much as I can.” Tony stands shakily holding his ribs. “If I died today at least my sins would be accounted for but don’t take this out on my kids. They deserve better than this.”
“It’s just a letter. I swear.” He holds up an envelope. “The guy swore no more gifts at least for awhile.”
“I found them,” Loki says quietly as the room looks at him.
Tony fights passing out while he sees Clint grab the babies gently and the man in the green and black outfit uses magic to keep Whiplash bound to the wall.
Tony and the kids survived. Avengers have been called. Is that Loki with Thor? How will people feel about that?
“Tony, a father and in a relationship that’s laughable. You’re a selfish person and that’s all you’re ever going to be. People like you and me, we don’t change. It doesn’t matter…” He holds Raven out at arms length with disgust. “Who comes into our lives? All we care about is money and power, Tony. Which I have to admit it’s the reason why I’m surprised you nwere with the Avengers at all.”
“Hm?”
“I’m not some random lover that you can charm with your sweet talk, Tony!”
Steve shook his head, “I don’t know if I can trust that right now. I really don’t. I-I…” He paced a little. “I feel like I don’t even know you anymore…”
With that, she exited as quickly as she had come in, leaving both men feeling slightly ridiculous.
“Do you really want to start this?” Stark warned.
He turned a few of the jars around to get a better look at the labels before selecting one with a satisfied ‘aha!’
Tony just shook his head, the sobs breaking through, and rested his forehead against Cap’s while wrapping an arm possessively, yet gently, around Steve’s chest as if afraid that he too might disappear at any moment. Steve brought his hand up to cup Tony’s cheek. The two men stayed there, spilling out their pain and holding desperately onto the other; their world had just shattered around them and vanished, they couldn’t lose each other too.
And for the second time that week, Tony found himself crumpled on the floor, but this time he knew Steve wasn’t coming back.
“Steve!! Oh god…c’mon Cap wake up!”
------------------------------------
"Come on baby," he nipped at Steve’s neck again, "come for me."
“You’re a good boy Peter, so don’t you worry about that; Santa definitely won’t miss our house.”
“Really?”
Pepper closed her eyes and sighed quietly, “Have you ever tried just calling him, Tony?”
Tony couldn’t speak as he watched it drop and heard the soft ‘
Tony spoke, and fear laced his words as he gazed up at the ceiling. “Peter? Where are you? What’s happening?”
“I-I was coming out to wait for Santa and I knocked o-over the plate of cookies and milk and they’re broken and  now he-he’s not gonna be happy and he’s not gonna come,” Peter rushed out, half-sobbing.
She tried a different approach. She knew Tony well enough to know that he could refuse to talk no matter how much you pressed, but she also knew just how much he was hiding underneath that emotionless mask.
“No, I’m suggesting that you don’t buy the nasty baby food next time.”
Steve looked up to see Tony walking in, clad in a black muscle shirt and worn jeans, wiping his hands on an old grease rag.
"And here I thought you would have missed me," he whispered into Tony’s ear.
His eyes shot open at the voice and it startled his rambling train of thought to a halt.
“She…she was calling out for her daddy.  She was stuck in a crushed car and the ceiling was going to collapse. I-I couldn’t just leave her Pop…” he gasped hoarsely.
and a final decision made because yes he was hurt, he was hurt beyond measure and the pain would probably worsen if he continued his life with Tony, but GOD he loved that man, he did love that man more than he hated the pain and the mere thought of an absolute, of Tony being gone forever out of his life and out of this world…well Steve knew that such a world would be unbearable and impossible to live in.
Steve’s grin was so wide that it almost hurt. “That’s great son! Did Daddy help you with it?”
"He’s in bed?”
“But you don’t think he…”
Steve first noticed Tony fidgeting while they were driving to the restaurant, an idle but rhythmic tapping of fingers against his thigh. It continued throughout dinner, through their conversation, although it migrated from leg to table and paused only when Tony made varying gestures to emphasize or elaborate while speaking.
----------------------------------
“Santa would know that you didn’t mean it and he would understand.”
"You really missed me that much, hm?" Tony murmured lowly, watching as Steve’s face reddened slightly. "Now it’s my turn to show you how much I missed you."
"What? No other words to greet your husband after you’ve been gone for so long?"
Steve turned his head to see an agent gesturing towards the door. “Time to go.”
"God you’re gorgeous. Look at you…" Tony murmured appreciatively as he ran his other hand down Steve’s back and he kissed and nipped at his neck and collarbone—just the way he liked it.
His left leg was in a cast, he had numerous stitches and bruises covering his body, a split lip, a black eye, tight, white gauze wrapped around his torso, and a mask over his mouth and nose to help him breathe, not to mention the many IVs and machines they had him hooked up to. Tony’s eyes watered as he gently took Peter’s limp hand. He grit his teeth; no matter how much they cleaned him up or how nice and white his dressings were, Tony knew he would never be able to unsee the broken, bloody body of his son.
Tony shrugged, “So I’ve decided to be antisocial for a bit. I’m working.”
The sob that broke from Tony was the final straw for Steve and he let the hot tears roll unhindered down his cheeks.
,” Steve winced at that, “I wish I could just hate you. I wish I could beat the living daylights out of you for all of this and it would be over. I wish I could blame you for tossing your wedding band at my feet and leaving me that night.”
----------------------------------------------
“He…he’s on the edge of the Chrysler Building. He’s refusing to come down and he’s shooting at everyone who gets too close. We’ve sent in the works, even Clint and Banner can’t get him down and Banner’s afraid of getting to close and letting the other guy out.”
The torture written on Steve’s face was indescribable. “Tony…you didn’t…”
Stark heard the rumble of a bike and the squealing of brakes right before Steve appeared beside him.
Steve just rolled his eyes and placed a gentle hand on Tony’s chest when the other man started to get up.
The child looked up suddenly, caught by surprise at his father’s appearance. It was then, in the dim light of the Christmas tree and the dying fire, that Steve saw the tears glistening in his little boy’s eyes.
His son’s giggle was like music to Steve’s ears.
Steve smiled softly, chin resting in his hand as he gazed fondly across the table. He reached out and gently placed his hand atop Tony’s. The tapping stopped and Tony looked to Steve, hesitant, curious, and hopeful. Steve nodded slightly and his smile widened, “I do”.
Tony laughed harshly and began to stand up, “You know, I wish it were that simple,
Steve’s smile evaporated and his brow furrowed. He sighed resignedly, “I don’t. A couple more months, maybe? It’s just whenever the job gets done.”
“I don’t see why it concerns me.”
It had now been one month since Steve left on that early morning. One month since Steve had thrown his ring at Tony’s feet and called it quits. One month since Tony felt anything happier than numb. Every now and then, a thought would creep in of happier times with the Captain and their life together, or it would switch to more dismal thoughts of ‘where did it all go wrong’, or worse, back to the morning that he would much rather erase from his memory entirely. Of course, doing so would result in forgetting that Steve and he were together for an extra day, that Steve even existed that day. If Tony had it his way, however, he would rather do just that; forget entirely that anything had ever happened or wish that none of it had happened at all. Whatever the case, Tony always tried to force these thoughts as far back into the recesses of his mind when they would oh-so-wonderfully decide to pop up.
“I love you too Peter.”
Tony began to make noises of protest as Steve pulled away, but stopped immediately when Steve’s hands began to work at Tony’s pants and he shifted and moved lower until he was settled in between Tony’s legs with his head above his crotch. Tony sighed contentedly and leaned his head back as his dick was freed from the rough fabric and he gasped when Steve licked the underside of it.
Tony stopped pumping when Steve began to shudder from sensitivity. He brought his hand to his lips and licked off some of the come before wiping the rest on the jacket he was shrugging off. He gently cleaned Steve off too and murmured, “Dry cleaning,” in response to his unvoiced question. The blond was too dazed to make any sort of protest anyway and Tony quickly kicked off his loose pants and pulled Steve down with him as he stretched out on the couch. He kissed Steve tenderly and Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s torso and rested his head on his chest, giving it a light kiss.
“Steve,” he began, stepping towards his husband, “I swear, tonight was a one-time thing. It won’t happen again, I promise.” But Tony knew how empty those words sounded, knew he was grasping at straws.
Tony shook his head slightly against the fabric of Steve’s shirt, “I could do so much worse Steve, I don’t deserve you, but more than that, you could do a million times better than this mess.”
Tony paused. He had rehearsed this a thousand times over on the cab ride back--god knows he didn't want to face even Happy in these circumstances--but that made it no easier to say. “Steve there’s…something I need to tell you…”
The communication fizzed out and there was only static left.
He rushed forward to the fallen man, who was groaning in pain, and snatched Peter out of his grasp, picking up his shield as well. The boy clung desperately to his father’s chest and as Steve held his arm protectively around him, holding the shield in front of him with his other arm. Sensing a presence behind him, Steve whirled around and made to strike with the edge of the shield, but a gloved hand caught it. He was surprised, but even more so when the Other, in an oddly intact and crisp black pinstripe suit, began pushing back against Cap’s super strength. The Other smirked behind his black full-face mask, as if he was toying with him, and gave a rough shove on the shield. It was as though Steve had been hit in the shoulder by Thor, the force was so great and he stumbled backwards, trying to keep his balance. He turned to the side, keeping Peter away from the man, but the Other had just calmly walked forward during Steve’s moment of distraction and proceeded to grab him by the throat, lift him off the ground and slam him into the nearest wall. Steve’s head and spine took the direct brunt of the impact and it left him jarred as he gasped for the air cut off by the Other’s tightening grip on his throat. Before he had a chance to think, the Other had plucked Peter from his grip and threw Steve into the ground, hand still wrapped around his throat.
Tony sighed in relief and Steve managed to open his eyes to see his husband, his beautiful husband, looking just about as bad as he felt. A large purple bruise was forming along his jaw, and his armour was completely off, leaving him in only his undersuit, beneath which the arc reactor was glowing a bit fainter than it normally did. Below that, there was a massive hole ripped in the fabric and another large bruise was forming there beneath an angry electrical burn. He brushed the hair away from Cap’s face and let his hand trail down his cheek.
He barely realized it, but Steve was outside and heading in the direction of Tony.
After what seemed like a lifetime, he neared the skyscraper and saw a rather large police barricade surrounding it. Not breaking his pace, he rushed past the officers and jumped over the barricade, ignoring their shouts and feeble attempts to stop him as he pushed through the main doors. He hesitated slightly upon entering the lobby only to locate the stairs. He didn’t bother to try the elevator, for in his opinion it would take far too long. Instead, he burst through the door to the stairs and began taking them two at a time, sometimes three. Even with his serum, he was beginning to feel the wear of the strenuous exercise and his breathing grew heavy, but he pressed on thinking only of what lay at the end.
“Fine,” Clint says sitting next to Nat. “but the first thing I don’t like I will be saying something.”
“A change is right, Tony. They need a change from you two. Did you think you two could ever raise kids together? You and Steven? Steven was right to leave you.” Red Skull laughs.
"The point is he left," Tony says with a bite. "He left without talking to me. How can I trust him again?”
"Say hi from us," Pepper says as Steve follows the nurse.
“I won’t kill you but anything else you want or need help with. I’ll do it.”
“You….you want me in the delivery room with you?” Steve asks surprised. “Why?”
“I don’t know if Tony called Steve or if Steve got the call because I told Friday to do it but the nurse said he only asked for Steve so I’m guessing and surprised that He must have asked Friday to call Steve.” Pepper states.
“No worries.” Natasha smiles with Clint. “We got that covered.”
"Friday!" Steve states. "Call the Avengers. Call everyone who's available and call Bucky as well. He has connections we don't. We'll get Tony and the kids back. Red Skull, Whiplash, and Hammer are going to wish they never stepped foot in here.
"Yes," Tony says snappily. "What do you want? If this is another gift from a guy named Steve. Send it back I don't want it."
“Either that or kill them.” Red Skull says. “Keep them as quiet as you can and you can keep them.” Tony nods in fear of losing the kids. “Come on, Justin. Let’s go to work. We have other guests coming.”
"The babies are fine. They are going through some tests right now. Tony is awake but we had to give him some stuff to knock him out. He's a little high because we had to give him some more than usual considering how much pain he's used to as an avenger." The nurse says. "He wants to see you again, Mr. Rogers."
Steve sighs as he walks out of the room to the door. He hears Tony swearing and throwing things at the wall as tears fall like a rainstorm.
Tony sighs as he sits on the couch in the living in his t-shirt and sweat pants. Bruce walks into the living room with his khaki pants and purple button up, laughing with Natasha who is wearing a short black dress with high heels. Clint and Pietro not too far behind in their jeans and T-shirts as they talk amongst themselves. They all look at Tony, at the way he looks so depressed. They all gather around him on the couches.
"I guess we'll have to wait and see," Rhodey says. Everyone nods in agreement as the same nurse from before come out.
"That is the 10 gift in the last 4 weeks," Tony says angrily. "When is he going to get it? I want nothing to do with him. “
“It hardly compares in comparison to what you did to us.”
“Yeah,” Steve says uncertainly as he plays with the 12,000 Rolex Oyster Perpetual Submariner Date Men’s watch that Tony got him nervously. “Keep going, Friday Please.”
“They’re going to kill Tony and the kids!” Steve says when Pepper grabs the note. “Shit.” He starts pacing back and forth.
“I can handle myself, thank you.” Clint smiles at Pietro. “Besides, you need someone with my eyes to help where I can. I can see better than most of you, especially from far away.”
“Here” Justin steps into the room with a crying baby. “You know once upon a time I wanted to be a dad but after dealing with these two baby. Forget that.” He hands Tony his son.
"You don't have to be a stalker," Tony says as he feeds Raven. "In fact, you don't have to stay here anymore. I admit that It's been nice having you around but I'm planning on hiring Nanny so I can go back to work in the lab doing the day."
Tony lays the kids down on the makeshift blankets
“Yup,” The nurse says, “He’s been fairly cuddly. Just a warning.”
Steve was stung by Tony’s words, but he let them pass. “No, that’s not it at all. Yes, I was told about…this,” he made a vague gesture, “but I was out the door before they could even think about giving me an order. I’m here of my own volition.” Tony gave something of a scoff, but Steve continued.
Steve’s lips were deliciously soft and Tony licked them, barely having to ask before his tongue was exploring Steve’s mouth. He allowed his hands to trail languorously from the back of Steve’s neck, down his chest, over those rock-solid abs—drawing out a high-pitched moan of want from Steve as he came precariously close to his partner’s cock—around to grab the blond’s perfect ass firmly, and finally down his legs to secure him in place.
He’d often wondered if Tony would ever call, but he shook his head at the thought. He knew Tony that well at least and he would not make the first move. Had Steve ever thought of calling him? Of throwing open that door and rushing to his husband, promising never to leave again? Of course he had, and half the time he’d been tempted to actually do it. One time, on a cold evening, he even went to Avengers Tower, but didn’t go any farther than the sidewalk. He had just stared up at the brightly lit, looming thing, hands in his jacket pockets. He couldn't even go to their own house. He couldn’t do it, he just couldn’t do it. Every time it made him think of which was worse: loving someone and not being able to be with them, or loving someone and having to share them, never knowing if your love was ever truly being returned.
"Hey there, handsome."
“I miss you.” Steve rested his head on his arm and closed his eyes. “I miss you both so much.”
At that moment, the baby yawned and both men’s expressions softened. He snuggled closer to Cap and when Tony reached his hand out the child grabbed hold of his finger with his tiny hand. The three of them stood there for a while in complete peace, enjoying the moment they were blessed with.
“And what if it happens again? You promised me you’d stop drinking so much, especially after we talked about adopting a baby. If you can’t even keep that then what…” He sighed again, exasperated.
A slight pause and a sharp crackle screeched over the speakers.
Steve chuckled; there was the snark he had missed. “Not everyone is privileged enough to be outfitted with StarkTech, Tony.”
“He-he’s gone, Steve.” Tony’s voice broke and he bit his lip in an attempt to stop the sobs from choking their way out.
When the Tower loomed above them Tony removed his arm from Steve’s and resumed tapping against his thigh. He was quiet as they entered the lobby and called an elevator.
“No, I suppose you don’t. That doesn’t mean that I can’t come check in on you.” When he didn’t respond, she continued, “No one has heard a word from you, besides the messages JARVIS gives us. I’m not the only one who’s a bit worried.”
’ as Steve’s wedding band hit the floor.
Tony stopped his work and lifted his goggles, “I’m fine; why wouldn’t I be?” He shrugged it off so simply. “Besides, you’re the CEO of Stark Industries now, so I don’t have to be at any meetings or whatnot if I don’t want to.”
…the drink still hadn’t quite worn off, but that was no excuse for what he’d just said. Tony always got on the defensive during their arguments, but this, this was not the time.
Tony nodded dumbly, still in slight shock over the kiss. Steve grinned and stepped out of the elevator, pressing the button for Tony’s floor as he went. He turned and watched the mechanic’s smile grow to match his own as the doors began to close.
Tony sighed, “I love you too Steve…”
He was startled by a soft voice when his husband came around the corner in nothing but shorts. “Tony? Is that you?” Steve’s voice was groggy, but it didn’t sound like he’d actually gotten any sort of rest. As he approached, Tony could see faint dark circles under Steve's eyes and the weariness that was etched onto his face; none of it from lack of sleep.
Steve shrugged nonchalantly. “I wanted to welcome you home, so I had JARVIS tell me when you got in.” He ran a hand through his perfect blond hair.
“Right, Phil?”
“You ride with him; I’ll meet you at the hospital,” Stark insisted. Steve nodded and jumped into the ambulance after Peter was loaded and took his hand. Before the doors closed he glanced at Tony, their eyes etched with fear and pain.
,” he muttered under his breath. Tony swallowed, eyes not leaving the window, “Any other family?” He was trying to maintain his composure, to be the cool and collected playboy the public knew him as, but it was difficult and his voice couldn’t help but shake slightly.
Tony nodded before crawling into bed next to Steve. “Yep, he’s all tucked in and cuddled up with his Hulk plush; though we seriously need to talk about that and get him an Iron Man stuffie…”
He took the papers from Steve and imitated him, placing them against the window and signing next to Steve’s signature, which was barely legible. He may not show it as much, but Stark was just as eager and nervous as Rogers and Rogers is the only one who would notice it.
“Steve…I..”
He noticed Tony’s speech was a bit more chaotic, slightly less polished than usual. He spoke at length about his projects, plans for the team, that bright kid that lived over in Queens, bits of his life before the Avengers were formed. At one point, Tony seemed to catch himself in his rambling and stopped mid-sentence, averting his gaze and mumbling, “...but you probably don’t want to hear all that…”
"I sure missed you…" Steve murmured in between kisses.
“It’s five in the morning, Tony; you’re not usually out this late. Where have you been?”
Tony shook his head, “Not a twitch and not a sound.”
Steve glanced over his shoulder at Tony and then back at the boy. “Welcome to the family, Peter.”
I sound like an awkward teenager.” Tony pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Watch the master.”
Steve placed his hands on the side of the basin. “Tony…he’s…”
Tony didn’t know how to reply to all of that. He never knew how Steve truly felt about all of this. He suspected, maybe, and there were some things he naturally knew Steve was thinking, but Cap had never mentioned anything outright. And, sure, they’d had a few arguments but they always made up afterwards. Now, he wasn’t so sure that would happen, and it terrified him.
Tony continued: “I can’t though, I just can’t. Because none of this is your fault. The only mistake you made was the decision to be with me, but even then I’m still partly to blame because I fell for you and stupidly thought that things might actually work out. But no, they never do because I’m too much of a fuck-up to get anything right. Why should this be any different?” He looked down. “Even now I’m causing you pain. If it weren’t for Pepper and that damned traitor of an AI you wouldn’t be witness to such a spectacle. No, this could have all been settled in the quiet of my lab…” He murmured the last bit, perhaps thinking that Steve wouldn’t hear him. “If anything were to happen to me right now, it would just hurt you and maybe not only because you’d blame yourself.”
“You need to eat something Pete. It’s good for you,” he encouraged as he offered the spoon once again to his son. Peter pressed his lips together tightly and twisted his head away, finally deciding to try and use his hands to push the ‘food’ away.
all this?” He twisted the cap off to sniff it and pulled back as if he’d been shocked and made a face.
Steve’s mouth tightened into a thin line. “All right, I’ll be there in just a minute,” he replied, wishing he didn’t have to. He turned his attention back to the son he couldn’t see.
Steve just chuckled and silenced his husband with a kiss, pulling him close. Tony made a pleased noise and ran a hand down Steve’s back, before sliding it underneath his shirt to feel his warm, bare skin.
CEO now after all, he just ran behind the scenes sometimes. She clearly thought differently and now, as he deposited his suitcase unceremoniously on the floor, he was just glad that the little weekend business trip was over.
Tony cleared his throat and straightened so he wasn't slumped. “Yeah, it’s me.”
When he finished the final page he gathered them all and politely handed them to the woman. “Now,” he began, “if there is nothing else that needs to be done, you must excuse us. My husband and I need to see our new son.” His voice hitched on the last bit as he gently led Steve into the maternity ward. Quietly and softly, despite their nerves, they made their way to one of the many small basins in the room where a tiny blue bundle lay. Both men were awestruck when they saw the barely-week-old baby boy wrapped in a soft blanket.
Steve shook his head and rubbed his hand in small circles on Peter’s back.
“Steve…no...you wouldn’t…”
“Tony!”
Rogers froze when he heard those words, and it was then that he took in Tony’s appearance: disheveled hair, shirt half-tucked in with only some of the buttons done up, and most of them in the wrong holes, his suit jacket nearly hanging off of one shoulder, and his belt was a little looser than usual, not to mention his tie was missing. There was also a couple smudges of pink around his white collar; it wasn't hard to tell what those were.
“Tony, I came because I’m worried about you. Now stop being stupid and difficult and get off of there!” He was trying to stay calm, trying to keep his emotions in check—those could be dealt with later—but he wasn’t finding it all that easy.
Steve drew in a sharp breath and felt the beginnings of tears pricking at his eyes. “Hey Peter, how’s my favourite sidekick doing?”
Tony held up his hands in an attempt at an apology and walked toward Steve, “I wanted to be up front with you. I don’t want to hide things from you, no matter how bad they may be. There was this woman at the after-party,” he paused and shook his head, “Things got out of hand and…”
The words were so quiet, but so pain-filled. They were merely a whisper but they might as well have been a scream for all that they pierced Tony to the core. He tried to explain, “I wasn’t in my right mind Steve. I had more drinks than I usually do and-”
It was then that Tony noticed one lone garment hanging in the back of the empty side of the closet. Curious, he brought it out to examine it, but took a sharp intake of breath and almost recoiled when he recognized it. It was the three-piece suit Steve had worn on their wedding day, that beautiful, perfect day that had been ingrained in Tony’s mind. It was a fairly small wedding with only their close friends, but the only thing that Tony had focused on was Steve. Steve, in his dapper suit, looked so handsome, so sexy, so perfect. The way the sun shone on his golden hair, the smile that told him this was right, and shining blue eyes that showed him the promise of love and of endless days together. Days that had now come to an end, days that would now never happen.
His husband’s voice slowly brought Steve back into consciousness, very, slowly…
The Captain stiffened, “He’s not a
There was a pause and Steve was about to prompt Peter to give the phone back to Tony when his small voice spoke up.
Tony smiled and held Steve close. “Love you too.”
The singing ceased and without turning the billionaire swung his free arm around, palm open and the high-pitched whirring of a pulsar beam charge was heard.
“Woah, slow down buddy,” Steve placed his hands soothingly on Peter’s shoulders. “Now, how about we get this cleaned up and see if we have some more cookies hidden in the cupboard, hm?”
His blood ran cold. “Where exactly on the building did you say he was?” His voice was commanding, he was in Captain mode, no nonsense just straight to the point. Getting the information from Phil, he picked up his pace with a muttered “Thanks” before hanging up and breaking into a full-out run.
. “Tony, I can’t leave you. I don’t
“I figured.”
Meanwhile, Steve had rushed for Peter almost as soon as Tony had, but he had been a little more tied up at first.  Plain-clothed and having had just enough time to grab his shield, he found himself surrounded by the enemy, and no matter how much he beat them back, more kept coming. As soon as he had heard his son’s cries for help, his heart ripped and anger and desperation coursed through him. He heard something like Tony’s repulsors going off and hoped his husband was on his way to Peter. With his shield, Steve barrelled his way through the mob, striking here and there when needed. Breaking free, he caught a glimpse of a man taking off with his son, and at the last minute threw his shield and struck the man square in the back.
Steve tightened the grip he had on Tony’s bicep, his gentle blue eyes full of pain and longing. Tony’s arms were crossed over his Black Sabbath t-shirt and he kept his expression as straight as possible, but when he felt the Cap’s firmer, touch he tore his eyes from the room to look at his partner and crooked a grim half-smile.
Peter winced and shifted slightly before looking at Steve. “I...got her out of the way.”
No reply came as the device flared to life. There was no painful electric shock, much to Stark’s surprise, but his armour was faltering.
Steve…” he moaned.
come over.” He took a set of keys and his wallet from the stand in the entryway and slipped them into his pocket before heading for the door.
“W-well yes. I suppose you can.”
Peter was hesitant, and that worried Steve slightly. “Yeah?”
Tony just shook his head. “I’m able to move and am fully functional, for the most part. It’s you we need to worry about.” As Steve opened his mouth to protest, Tony answered his questions, “Thor is helping Bruce get a stretcher and some medical equipment for you. Natasha and Barton are doing a perimeter sweep. SHIELD is ‘helping’ and will be dealt with later. Now, where does it hurt? Can you move everything?” His voice shook slightly at the last bit.
Steve rolled his eyes but nevertheless paid close attention as Tony offered the food to Peter. The infant hesitated for a moment but then opened his mouth and took the food, smiling as he tasted the sweetness.
Steve raised an eyebrow and hit Tony lightly on the arm with the back of his hand. Tony gaped in mock offense, and when Steve laughed at him he got another spoonful of applesauce and flicked it right in Cap’s face.
Tony raised his head to look at Steve. “...oh. Well, of course you did,” he straightened and flashed his best flirty grin, “you got to go out with
Tony shuddered at the hot breath on his neck and gasped when Steve’s lips pressed there as well.
Steve heard him take a breath, “He’s not wearing his suit, Steve. I don’t know if he took it off after he got up there or what. Either way, the only thing he has is an arm attachment to keep us away.”
While Steve carried him out of the kitchen, Tony’s mind raced as he lustfully imagined wall-sex and couldn’t stop a slightly disappointed noise from escaping his lips as Steve dropped him on the couch. His displeasure was short-lived, however, when the good Captain climbed on top of Tony and straddled him. He leaned down and undid Tony’s tie completely, letting the ends of it slip slowly from his fingers. He then pushed Tony’s grey suit jacket open and began to work at the buttons on his red dress shirt, kissing the skin as he exposed it.
Steve turned to one of the nurses in the ward. “May we…hold him?” The young lady smiled sweetly and came over. “Of course,” she tenderly picked up the tiny baby and handed him to Steve. “Mind his head.”
"Love you…" he murmured, closing his eyes.
Tony grinned. “Is it good?” he cooed.
"You’re beautiful, Tony," Steve breathed in between gentle kisses. Tony’s breath hitched as Steve’s mouth went lower and lower until he was just above the waist of his pants. He stopped there, however, and came back up with a small smirk.
He faced Steve once again with the look of a defeated man. His voice was small, not in the least bit commanding, and broken, “I’ve already caused you enough pain, Steve. I can’t make you suffer anymore.”
Steve sat in the empty chair next to Tony and handed him one of the cups. “Here,” he said, “You were staring into space for at least an hour and hadn’t taken a drink. I figured I’d get you a hot one.”
Peter groaned softly and turned his head toward his father’s voice.
Steve just smirked, an evil glint in his eyes, and tipped the jar just the slightest, causing its contents to pour in Tony’s hair and down his face and neck. Tony scrunched his face at the feeling of the cold and weird textured stuff, especially as some of it wormed its way down the back of his shirt. He flailed, trying to get out of his husband’s vice-grip while Steve just howled with laughter.
“Ok then.” Steve leaves the room for a few moments. Grabbing the blanket he put on Tony when he was sleeping. He returns and hands it to Loki. “Hopefully this works.”
“Those are mine?” Steve asks gently taking his hand out of Tony’s hand.
Tony was crying as the babies laid quietly in the makeshift cribs he made. The villains kept him fed but he wasn’t really hungry. He keeps trying to find a way out. He slides down the wall next to the sleeping babies.
“Yes,” Pepper sighs. “Friday, Don’t tell Tony but you should call Steve when it’s time for the babies to be born. Steve deserves that right at least and Tony won’t do it if he can help it. I don’t care if he uses all his overrides Friday. Tony is not to know about this request by me.”
“Is he finally asleep?” Pepper asks softly as he and Happy step in to check on Tony.
“Tony called Steve?” Natasha asks.
“What’s going on?” Wanda asks as she sits by Natasha in her short strapless red dress.
“Tony,” Steve resists. “You want nothing to do with me remember?”
“What the hell?” Tony wakes up in a sweat. “That was 3 years ago before everything happens. I have to let him go. He’s not same and neither am I.”
"Do you think he'll be ok? Giving birth to twins Happy?" Pepper asks as she sits on the couch not too far away from the chair Tony is sleeping.
"I'll go home later tonight and pack my clothes. Run some errands and be back, later on, tomorrow. Sound good?"
"Yeah go ahead I'm moving in by Tony," Steve says as he makes a sandwich for himself.
“Yes Thor,” Clint answers smiling. “All of us along with Loki will make it out alive. We’re a team. We have each other’s back. It’s how a team works but I'm still holding judgement.”
Thank you for reading. Please review and let me know how you like it. RavensOracle1988! out!
Both of them watch as the hours get later and later as nothing happens. At 4 am is when everything starts to go wrong. Windows were broken, Tony jumping up and trying to active his suit, the babies crying and yelling, people dressed in black running around the house and destroying things. Then Red Skull steps into the building with Whiplash, and Justin Hammer steps in behind the Skull.
“How does it feel Tony?” Whiplash says in his thick accent. “To be on the losing end and being the one in pain?”
"I regret that ok? I deserve to get called every name in the book but is the swearing necessary?"
Steve nods and follows her in the room Tony is in.
“Nothing to say? How typical of a man who has never known real pain.” Whiplash grabs Tony and throws him into the wall. Tony groans but doesn’t say anything as he holds his side. “Piece of shit. Everything was handed to you and you got what I should have had. I want to end you now.”  He kicks Tony hard in the ribs causing Tony to cough up mucus and blood. A bruise already formed on his ribs. Whiplash grabs him by the hair and growls harshly, “ You should pay for both your mistakes and your father’s mistakes.”
I’m going to end here on a somewhat fluffy note. No, They are not back together. It's just a cute little scene basically showing Tony does miss Steve even those he won't say it. Please enjoy it and the most exciting part comes next with a surprise villain or villains
“Shit,” He sighs. “I can’t keep the babies safe by myself. Maybe I need to let Steven back into my life. It’s all about protecting these two. I thought I could do it by myself and I can’t.” He places his head into his hands. “They are right. I failed as a father and a lover.”
Steve nods and tells him how to get to the guest room.
“You said no I’m guessing?”
*********************************************************************
Steve rushes over and reads the letter.
“It’s Tony. He wouldn’t let us know if he was ok or not.” Happy says with a sigh. “You know as well as I there was only one who could figure out how Tony was.”
"No! NO! You don't get to ask me if swearing is fucking necessary or not! You left! No explanations! No Goodbyes! No anything! You just decided I wasn't good enough! Just like Pepper! Just like my father! I loved you and you know I don't just say that for the fucking hell of it! You can go to hell!"
Steve stops and nods.
“Drop him Whiplash.” Tony hears a voice through darkness from the lost of air. Tony falls to the ground fighting passing out as he lands on the ground. He looks up trying to stay focused. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. A blur of black and green kicked Whiplash away from him.
“You’re right Bucky.” Steve goes to his room. “I need to fight for him.”
"Friday, Bring up the cameras from last night." Steve finally stops and yells. "There has to be something on the feed that can help us. Thank God Tony took the time to teach me to do this."
“My brother is not who he use to be. After he faked his death when we fought with the dark elves and after the destruction of our world, due to our sister. He didn’t want to be the person he was, I saw him change first hand helping me save Asgard. Just a chance, please. “
“Tony, Tony! Let me go before you kill me.” Steve says but not physically trying to get him to let go.
“Maybe, maybe not but the point is he listened.” Bucky scratches his shirtless chest.
Clint and Pietro just blush and move away from each other when Wanda walks in.
Loki thanks him and leaves Thor with the group.
"Yes, ma'am," Friday says. "He is a little chilly, though. Perhaps putting a blanket on him would help?"
“Look, you went back if that was me, I would at least give you a chance to explain yourself.”
“If it’s so fucking easy why don’t you and Clint just fuck already?” Tony leaves the room in anger.
“What the hell do you want?” Tony says with venom in his voice"
“You’re not that close on your contractions yet.” The nurse says. “You opt for a natural birth no drugs Mr. Stark.”
“You guys are back together?”
“Steven!” Natasha yells at him. “What happened? We all got here as soon as we could.”
“Can they come in?” Steve asks the nurse as he follows her.
“Natasha is in charge.” Bucky laughs a bit.
“For the sake of Tony and the kids, I’m willing to do it,” Steve says as most of the team nods in agreement.
“Tony,” Steve says. “I want to be with you but not like this. Not when you’re high and you’ll turn me away once you’re sober.” Steve keeps holding his hand but sits in the chair by the bed. “Go to sleep, Tony. “
