Over the next few weeks, the dream repeated in regular intervals. He blamed the car incident, possibly the stress having flared up his PTSD, but he wasn’t too sure if that was the true underlying cause. He was afraid to look into the hidden meaning behind the dream; he already knew that his mental health was far too gone to be helped.
A tense moment, and then Sherlock let out a quiet sigh, his face losing some of its hardness. “I do apologize for ignoring you these last few weeks, it was not my intention. I do
What had he expected? Mary to bring up what happened over half-a-year ago, the night John stripped him both mind and body and bent him over that desk
“Crew of the DSE Intrepid! Listen up!” Lestrade bellowed, though this time aided with a microphone. Mycroft stood behind him and off to the side, posture stiff as a board and eyes impassively scanning the some-five hundred people. “Today, all we’re going to do is give you a rudimentary tour of the ship, and assign you to your rooms. Each of you will
John’s heart is trying to claw its way out of his chest. Sherlock sings a whole octave higher than his speaking voice, not a falsetto but something warmer and sweeter, at the very top of his chest.
, so he hadn’t given it any thought… except for the fact that it had stayed planted in his brain, all these years later. Obviously, the lights were on upstairs long before he realized they were himself.
“Just fun?” Sherlock asked, not able to resist a taste below the hollow of John’s ear. John’s hands scrabbled along his spine beneath his shirt, nails skittering along the sweat-soaked skin with an electrifying pleasure.
“Most people are idiots,” Sherlock replied, voice rising above the noise. John was far from being offended at the words, though, spotting the slight smile on the man’s face. There was an emerging warmth in John’s chest, a fondness that forced his own lips into an answering smile. Maybe Sherlock was more human than he thought.
Sherlock scoffed. “Oh, yes, why don’t I pick up any old veteran army doctor from the street, give you a friend.”
that you’d finally come to your senses so that I could convince you that yesterday was merely a dream.”
Well, he didn’t, that was for sure. He glanced up across the facility and met Sherlock’s eyes, just beside a weight rack and utterly unreadable. When they met each other’s gaze, neither looked away. In the lighting, his cheekbones were severely defined, and at this distance it was almost as if he was looking at a skull.
He could see the roof of a chapel up ahead, the foremost spire tipped high and imperious towards the smoggy night sky. John thought that he
Molly’s words earlier wrung distractingly in John’s head, but he didn’t let them linger. He pulled back to look at Sherlock in the eye, hands trailing up to brace at his shoulders. “Yeah?”
Sherlock nearly screamed, gesturing wildly at the flat. “I shouldn’t want this! I shouldn’t wish for you to get drunk so I can touch you, I shouldn’t think about you whenever you’re not here, I shouldn’t…” His eyes were red whenever he fixed them onto John. “I shouldn’t want you.”
John realized that with a jolt. He wasn’t even sure why he noticed it in the first place. With a frown, John effectively pushed the thought out of mind and boosted up his pace.
“Greg explained,” she says quickly, thankfully cutting John off before he can ramble on some more. “Not very well, but I understood the gist.” She finally meets his eyes, her brows curved in worry. “Are you alright, John? Is everyone alright?”
“Please, John?” He asked carefully, body relaxed despite their chips bombarding with tactics, John’s own particularly pushy. He knew Sherlock was getting struck with the same. The baritone voice continued on. “If I get this information together now, there may be hope for the scientists still on Earth to go further with it after our departure. This is their last hope.”
With the cell phone switch months ago, John had only really given his mum and Harry the new number. No one else was immediately necessary. “No, no, not a problem. What’s the lucky occasion?”
John felt as if he was talking about a potential girlfriend with his mother, but he just kept his smile polite. “Yes, well. He’s very brilliant.”
Pulling back just enough, John looked up at the other man and slipped his mouth into a slow grin. “What a coincidence,” he nearly purred. “So do I.”
doesn’t work out, what’ll they do? They’ve both lost so much. John can swallow down these feelings for the rest of his life, if need be; lord knows he’s had the practice.
It took less than a minute, from start to finish. Was this a hallucination? How were things still happening around him?
“John, that’s awful!” She giggled at something he said, her hand reaching out to brush against his forearm. He didn’t feel disgust at the touch, per say, but he didn’t find himself liking it as much as he should. Sarah was beautiful and witty and smart, and John felt broken by not being very interested.
After using the bathroom and washing his hands longer than necessary, John decided to withdraw his application. Too disheartened to visit Harving himself, John went to just pass the request onto the front desk receptionist.
An hour later, going on their third round (Sherlock was still nursing his first after devouring an order of crisps), beneath the table John’s hand made an appearance on Sherlock’s knee.
by Debussy. It’s written for piano, but the guitar has enough versatility to allow both individual notes and chords. I could never master its exact nuance on violin, not one string at a time.”
Sherlock’s eyes flashed with something almost frightened, but John shook his head. He reached up with his free hand to yank at his skin-tight neckline. “I’ll talk you… through it.”
He said it like it was a date. John grimaced, looking at the flashing lights ahead and then back to Sherlock. “What kinds of questions?”
mean something was the brief flash of the man that John got, face flushed and shirtless and hair in disarray as he bodily moved the woman from the room. “I’m tired, I need to take a shower, and you don’t belong in my room anymore. Get
Another thing that John was sure about: Sherlock Holmes had a lot more secrets than he would've thought.
Another sip. “Treating me well, I suppose. I’m living at Finsbury Park, all I can afford on a pension. I’m actually looking for a job to see if I can eventually upgrade. Know anyplace that could use an old washed-up army doctor?”
John winced slightly, but before he could say anything she rushed out a good-bye and the line went dead. It was doubtful that Sherlock would endure a polite drink by the lake with strangers. Thoughtful, John rubbed his thumb over the inscription on the back of his cell before sliding it into his pocket. He glanced up, where Sherlock was staring at him a bit more clinically than usual. Specifically, at his waist.
They were almost to the exit, if the slight cluster of people were anything to go by. John hoped that meant that there was still a means of exiting the craft just outside, and met Sherlock’s eyes nervously with a nod. Sherlock was able to sneak over to the exit bay well enough, but how was he going to leave with the same stealth? There was no way around the fact that he’d have to cut through the group of lingering engineers to get to the main doors.
It was a bit flattering, to be honest. John didn’t even know what he was missing, until the first time he saw someone piss Sherlock off and tear down the thin wall of civility the man barely had. Sherlock had a quick mouth and an alarming eye for detail, and John had had a first row seat to the show at the time. Was this what Mike was
That didn’t seem to be the right thing to say. With a purse of his lips, Sherlock crossed his arms and leaned back further into his seat, looking John up and down. “You’re not very exciting.”
“Oh, I imagine it’ll happen sooner or later.” His smile flashed crooked as he looked down, as if laughing at a secret joke. His words contradicted the grin. “I absolutely loathe the man, as he likes to stick his big fat nose where it doesn’t belong. That being said, expect a visit from him in the coming months.”
said it with genuine doubt, as if the fact contradicted everything he knew about the discovered world, that the little human had preferences just like anyone else. John couldn’t help an incredulous laugh.
Sherlock felt his blood heat at the sight. Dropping to his knees, Sherlock grabbed John’s waistband on either side to both free his erection and tug his hips closer to the edge. Hands dropping to dig into John’s clothed calves, Sherlock swallowed down his cock in one move.
A murmur of agreement. “It’s home,” Thomas said, simply. “I couldn’t imagine raising my girls anywhere else.”
John rolls his eyes, perching his chin in his palm. He lightly taps their feet together beneath the table, which isn’t too difficult considering it’s only truly big enough for one. “Yes, multiple. How’d you know I bought you something? Sitting on my wallet at a slightly different angle, am I?”
Laughter scuffled around the group. John raised his head only enough to lock gazes with the ringleader, keeping his eyes steady, and then promptly spit in his face. “Go fuck yourself,” he wheezed.
The air conditioning hit John head-on when he passed through the automatic doors, ruffling his hair and chilling his sweat-dampened skin. He nodded to the receptionist, ready to take the rail back to his house, before he was stopped. “Mr. Watson,” the receptionist said, “If you could wait one more moment, please.”
“Don’t take it personal. It’s just a precaution, one that has deemed itself useful regardless. Now, concerning the immediate future, I suggest that you begin running.”
was going to let me use her equipment for a theory that I mentioned yesterday. Not exactly related to Exodus, but interesting in its own right.”
ME: As your GPS has undoubtedly noticed, we’ve been spending the majority of our days in the Baskerville facilities. Mycroft has made funding it his top priority, and there’s talk that human cloning is going to begin in its experimental stages. Because of these dire circumstances, humane human experimentation has been given approval.
John could feel a rumble between their chests. “Quite right,” Sherlock said decidedly. “I need a shower.”
Molly sighs quietly, and lets Rosie play with her hair without even so much of a wince. She seems to be mustering up the courage for this next part. “Can you… tell me, John? Exactly what happened? Before…” Her voice falls flat.
okay. Has it ever occurred to you that Sherlock maybe, possibly, has the slightest amount of feelings for you? At all?”
John’s throat was dry, his plate forgotten. “And this… Hamish fellow. Is he. Well. How does Scott feel about him?”
John huffed out a laugh, but it was rather dry. He cleared his throat. “Are… will you ever tell me why?”
he mumbles. His forehead is pressed to Sherlock’s sternum, and both of his hands find themselves against his broad chest, fingertips digging into his dressing gown. The tears won’t stop.
ME: Baskerville is getting rather cramped. What say we, when the consciousness upload is up and running, take a trip to the countryside? I know of a wonderful apiary in Surrey.
John furrowed his eyebrows and glanced down to his feet, which had been pacing the hotel room without even the smallest jolt. Unfortunately, when Sherlock called attention to it, he felt the damned muscles begin to lock up. “Shit,” he muttered, plopping back onto the bed as if his strings had been cut. His phone was jabbing into his side, so he pulled it out of his jeans pocket and dropped it to the bed.
Look through some of my half-written fics and if you like them, bug me for an update, haha. As always, drop a comment (or a tumblr ask) if you liked the fic, and thanks for reading!
“He’s back,” she said simply, ponytail swishing as she swiveled her chair towards her screen. John didn’t initially understand, but his lightbulb lit right up when she straightened the post-it at her desk.
“If the virus doesn’t exist anymore…” John said uneasily, “... then what is killing everything else?”
Many hours later, both men trudged into the dormitories, every muscle aching and utterly worn out. The physical training was designed to push to and identify limits, and the mental test was nothing but relentless. Before John made the turn down to his room, however, he paused. He had been curious. “That thing you said earlier. The interesting theory. What is it?”
Sherlock laughs, and by the relaxing of his shoulders John can tell he’s also relieved by the change in subject. They look back to the table. There’s only a few more little things that John nabbed up, and Sherlock sets down the pipe to instead study a piece of sheet music.
ME: It’s utterly fascinating, as well as detrimental, obviously. Wherever you go, whether it's turning on the telly or grabbing a pack of cow tongues from the store, it's all anyone can talk about.
“And I swear, whenever this baby finally comes, I don’t know if I’ll be used to the change in balance. I’ve been using her as a counterweight.”
ME: In a change of subject, I believe that my elbows are permanently numb from leaning on lab tables.
Across the dining hall, facing away but unmistakable, Sherlock’s shoulders were shaking once again and the people around him were giving him odd looks. He could’ve been crying, but John knew
Sherlock furrows his brow, trying to deduce in midair the clues that don’t exist. His eyes are much too boyish, and he says in a voice much too small, “Is it me? Did I…?”
At 10:00 on the nose, John was standing with the crew beneath the entrance to the DSE Intrepid, awaiting for official orders from the captain. He spotted a tall head with curly hair further into the crowd, and John reluctantly inferred that Sherlock’s next ‘appointment’ must not be until later. Realizing he was feeling that strange anger again, John physically and inconspicuously pinched his thigh to snap out of it.
Sherlock suddenly narrowed his eyes, sniffing the air like a bloodhound and lips just barely covering his teeth in disdain. “Anderson’s here, isn’t he? I can smell his cheap cologne.”
She shakes her head, hugging Rosie to her chest as she lets out another huff. “I thought it didn’t make sense, really.” She blinks up at John, controlling the squirming baby in her lap. “You need to ask him, John. If you and Rosie can move back into 221.”
mean, he thought with a newfound sense of alarm. The doors closed, and the elevator shot upwards to the top of the complex. John felt that weightless feeling from earlier, where his stomach grew heavy and he could feel every detailed throb of his heart. If he closed his eyes, he was sure that he’d vomit, so he instead gripped the railing and waited for the brief ride to end.
“Where are we going?” John asked after the fifth or sixth turn, starting to feel the slight pain in his leg once again. He was hoping to grow out of this limp eventually, if the therapist’s word was anything to go by. Psychosomatic or not, it bloody
“So, then, how are you two?” Lestrade asked suddenly, drunkenness making him unobservant. Well, more so than usual.
Though, unsurprisingly, the most attractive part of John Watson was how loyal he was to Sherlock, alongside his unexpected intelligence. Leave it to Sherlock to feel his mouth go dry when John slipped into doctor mode, or whenever he let show how fiercely protective he could be. And now, after months of dormancy interrupted only by cases and alongside growing friendship, John didn’t seem… opposed to a repeat performance of that first drunken night.
though - it had started at the corner of his lips and ended a few inches to the side of them, and was, in a word, unromantic. Not earth-shattering in the slightest. It was before the Fall, before the Woman - hell, before even Moriarty at the pool
was wasn’t in the stars for them. And then they both were definitively, irrevocably, wholly messed up beyond repair.
“Kathmandu, Nepal,” he clarifies, voice wavering. “I looked it up. Right now, it’s… 11:58 pm, on December 31st. In two minutes, they’ll be celebrating New Year’s halfway across the globe.”
“Until Sherlock Holmes, that is. I’d say he came around, what, seventy years ago? The land was sacred during this time, still in an old enough age that people believed in the legends of the moors. He had white skin, and fathomless black eyes. He was looking for his mate, a beautiful woman brilliant red eyes, and he would not stop his frenzy until he found her. Turns out she had been hiding from town to town, leaving breadcrumbs. Like that fairytale. It ended in Stansex.
Sherlock’s lips quirked at that. “I suppose,” he admitted. He then gave an odd sort of expression, one with soft eyes that made John feel warm and unexpectedly pained all at once. Like his heart had decided to pulse with even more fervor at the sight of those unlikely dimples on such an illustrated face. With the abruptness of an avalanche, John realized that his feelings for the man were beginning to reach past the respectful level expected for a brief acquaintance, and into something terrifyingly close. Like a friendship built off of years, rather than hours.
The man slipped off his shoes and huffed out another snort beneath his breath. “One for later, but no matter. I’ve been terribly rude.” He held out his hand, face completely clear of whatever had ailed him earlier. “My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock’s eyes zeroed back in on John, taking in his confusion with a quick glance from head to toe. “This is a very particular crew that has been put together. While to you the decision may have seemed abrupt, this isn’t just one of your football teams that can switch around players at a whim. Everything has already been calibrated specifically into the ship, and potential changes in the crew aren’t taken lightly. So, by context, that means that we must be kept safe in our nice little bubble.”
Sherlock’s gaze dropped down to the scotch on the table, and his lips twisted. “Oh, we’re doing this tonight, are we?” To John’s horror, he shrugged off his jacket and tried to unbutton his shirt with lazy, uncoordinated fingers.
by the way – to make the party. And you know that, because you cried yourself to sleep last night. On top of that, your dog has cancer and you don’t know how long you must see it in pain before you put it down. Oh, and check your teenage daughter; I think she might have a drug problem.” He said all of this in rapid fire, before the woman in scrubs could even think to close her gaping mouth. Sherlock leaned closer, eyes manic and teeth slightly bared. “So how about you focus on
Sherlock shook his head, wet curls limp against his forehead. John always thought that he applied product to make his finished hair so perfect, but it seemed to dry that way naturally. “Not yet. How long are we staying?”
He shifted in his seat, eyes still hard. “It wasn’t difficult to deduce that the ringleader was planning to draw the beating out, nor that the one in red had a gun in his waistband, nor that the tall one was aroused. Not difficult in the slightest.” He leveled John with a peripheral glare. “You’re not invincible, John!”
That dropped the smirk right off of Mycroft’s posh face. He opened his mouth, but he couldn’t find the words to say.
“That’ll be fine for now, Anthea, thank you,” came a voice from the doorway. John whooshed out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding, before turning his head to the holder.
“… Of a sort.” They were nearing Baker Street now, though Sherlock was driving a bit slower to draw it out, taking his time. In the car, it was like being in their own world where topics such as these were somewhat valid, if just between the two of them. “I don’t think you’ve ever noticed, but on the truly sunny days, I don’t go out. I stay in the flat, or I’m very careful about where I travel. I don’t perish from direct sunlight, no, but… there
Sherlock gave into his smile this time, and the room fell into the most comfortable silence it’s had in the last two weeks.
Sherlock was expecting many things. He was expecting John to apologize, he was expecting John to skirt around the issue. Another part of him was even expecting John to ask if they could keep up the arrangement (as he had definitely shown Sherlock that he was
My god, I knew you were a genius, but… Of course, you’ll have to eventually apologize to that woman, as you’ve probably ruined her life at the moment, but…
He nearly scoffed at the notion. Sherlock's hands were that same pallid color as the rest of his skin, fingers long and nails perfectly manicured. He wore a royal blue shirt, buttoned up and sleeves folded pristinely up to his elbows, and John was surprised to find that Sherlock wasn’t as thin as he had thought. Slim muscles winded his forearms and buffed his chest, buttons straining against the pressure. A month ago, John thought him to look almost sickly, but now that was
“Sherlock!” John’s voice broke into his thoughts, and he felt him stumble into his shoulder. “Why’d you stop?”
He finally spotted him in the shadows of one of the more larger machines, stacked up on one wall with deep crevices and winding wires. It was so ostentatious, John nearly believed that it was more decoration than of actual purpose. Dear god, was Sherlock expecting John to go all James Bond, as well? John kept close to the machines, but didn’t try to hide himself as much as the other man, who was currently ducked behind a large spool of rope.
John locked his jaw shut, and Sherlock snorted through his nose. The taller man scrubbed a towel through his soaked hair. “Go to work, help out with the drive. I’ll be packed when you return.”
She was about to leave, but she paused for just a lasting moment. “Go for it,” she said meaningfully, eyes wide and prompt. “You only come across an arse like that like that once every lifetime, if that.”
“I need to…?” John shakes his head, feeling perpetually in a state of confusion at this point. Where did that even
“What are you working on?” John asked eventually. The boy held up the ship towards John for him to see, and it was identical to the one just outside the window. John felt his eyebrows rise. “You built that?”
There was a badge at his waist. Sherlock straightened his shoulders and sniffed, voice monotone despite his dancing eyes. “A series of mundane suicides that have no reason to be linked together? I can hardly contain myself.”
With a grin, Sarah leaned over the table to peck his cheek. John smiled lightly, really trying to make it meet his eyes and seem less like a clumsy twist of his lips, and when she pulled back she seemed convinced. She bid him farewell, but he stayed at the table, ears red in personal embarrassment. Why was he so
He adjusted his course of leave to pass by Sherlock, and when their eyes met he sent a glare with much more fervor than his previous one.
That spurred John into action. He shuffled even closer, and despite himself Sherlock stepped back, legs knocking the back of his chair. John didn’t notice, stopping just a few strides away.
John curses silently. “Oh. That.” He can feel his ears going red, and he prays that Sherlock can’t see from the distance. “Um. No. Not yet. I’ll… keep you posted.” He winces to himself.
. His head dipped, eyes trailing to the floor and then right back up. “You… don’t think that it was a sign of insanity, then?”
Exhaling shakily, Sherlock leaned back into his chair, relaxing just a bit with a barely-there wince. John was sympathetic; sleeping in a bolthole was never a comfortable option. “The moment I realized the shooter was you, I…” He closed his eyes. “That was when I knew that you were different. Well, that and the first ‘brilliant’, but namely… It’s just, you’ve, well, I’ve never known somebody that immediately cared as much as you do. For me. Anyone that I can even venture to call ‘acquaintances’ took a… bit of warming up before getting anywhere close, to say the least.”
Sherlock was inside the exit bay, but John didn’t know how long it would take for him to get through the second set of doors, the main ones that actually left the ship. John then processed the question, and realized that no, he didn’t have a name.
When John hopped out, he winced. In the chaos of both body and mind in the past couple hours, he hadn’t really done an injury count. It felt like he had a deeply bruised rib, as well as some tender spots around his abdominals. He lightly brushed his cheek, and the skin there felt rough. Nothing major, just a thin strip of dried blood – the fucker that was wailing on him must’ve had a ring.
couldn’t- An inhuman groan, and then in Mary’s place was a great black hound, translucent in the morning light and baring its gigantic yellow teeth. Its shoulders were at John’s head, and dominant fury seemed to ripple away from its fur, thick with hostility. With a growl it ran off into the forest, on the chase, and then…
Sherlock didn’t have to think on it long, as it had been the popular topic to ponder the past few hours. “I would be overjoyed to have him back,” he said softly, defeatedly.
onto the table, a balanced variety of just enough randomness to avoid a pattern. The tiny makeup box nearly falls off the table, but John catches it with a quick hand. “Happy Christmas, Birthday, Halloween, Easter… all of that.”
ME: No matter, let’s get to studying. Beta, open Youtube and pick out any video that has humans interacting in English. Let’s hope our brains don’t rot before we can learn anything.
“Oh! Well, I’d love to meet him.” There was a bit of noise on the other side of the line, and when she came back on she was frantic. “Well, I have to go, but- say, do you think you’ll still be in the area til Sunday?”
John chuckled, the thought of Sherlock lifting weights popping up in his mind. Somehow, it wasn’t as ridiculous as it should be. “Do you need me to spot you?”
John’s eyebrows shot up so far, he almost felt them brush his hair. He opened his mouth, closed it, mulled it over a bit, and decided. “Nope, not lately there either.”
He trailed off when Sherlock’s face slid into a familiar glare, though lacking that same dangerous edge as a month ago. “Do leave the thinking to the professionals.”
ME: Changing the subject, when do our logs shift to stage 2? Is there a certain number we have to reach, or do I have to decide? I admit, I wasn’t entirely listening to my dear brother’s initial explanation of the program.
Shockingly, it’s freezing cold outside. John’s perched on the steps in front of 221’s door, breathing warmth into his hands and trying to keep his mind as deserted as Baker Street is, at the moment. Soon it’ll be bustling like it does every year, full of drunken patrons and groups of teens headed home from the fireworks display that just ended, but for now he’s grateful there’s only the occasional car passing by to worry about.
Before he could shut the door, she wedged her foot in the opening to prevent it from closing. Her bright red lips were pouty, from what John could see. “Same time tomorrow?” She asked.
Sherlock could be wearing a Victorian gown complete with a white powder wig, and he would still look infuriatingly dashing. Shaking himself, he says, “I think I just heard Rosie calling for me, actually, so I’ll just…”
There was something about his voice. Guarded, yet ashamed. Like he couldn’t tell John something. He should be able to tell John
A plate clinks as it’s set down in the sink, and the faucet is turned off. Slowly, mechanically, Sherlock dries off his hands. He braces himself against the edge of the counter for a moment, head hanging between his shoulders, and John hears him sigh. Outside, London shifts into its nighttime commute. John feels like they’ve been in this situation before, wound so tightly together that John doesn’t remember who did the sighing and who did the waiting. Perhaps it doesn’t matter.
attached to the juncture of Sherlock’s neck. Together, the shallow thrusts of their hips gained an aligning rhythm.
“What have you come here for, John?” Sherlock had to ask, unable to keep the tearful edge from his voice. He wasn’t crying, but he might as well have been. “Came to yell, scream, sleep off a hangover?” Beside himself, Sherlock began to walk, closing the distance between them. When he was just a step away, he leaned down to level their eyes in a last-ditch effort to protect the little sense of self-preservation that he still had. He hoped he looked menacing. He knew he looked wounded. “Why. Are. You. Here?”
Sherlock sighed, leaning away from the microscope and meeting John’s eyes with mild annoyance. He seemed defeated, and not at all surprised. “Don’t you mean water? No, John, water does not kill me.”
It took John a minute to process the question. “Yeah,” he said, shaking himself out of it. Blinking down at the empty cup in his hands, he tossed it in the bin and spared a glance back up, but the man -Sherlock Holmes- was gone.
“Ah!” Sherlock announced. He nearly smushed his face against the glass separating them from the driver. “D’you know where the Buck & Bare Wild is?”
“Tell me,” he murmured in that honey voice, eyes welcoming. Falsely approachable. John closed his eyes for a moment and fisted at the bedclothes before he could fall into the trap.
That sounded about right. John nodded slowly, shifting uncomfortably where he stood. “Right. Sherlock, we should probably-”
“John!” Sarah cried the first day he returned to work, throwing her arms around him in place of her usual greeting, stretching herself over the counter. Awkwardly, John hovered his hands somewhere around her shoulder blades. A pre-Sherlock John Watson would never have given up an opportunity to press his body against a willing woman, but now he almost felt off-put by her curves and plush chest. Disturbed, he pasted a smile on his face and assured her that he was fine.
Sherlock’s mouth went dry. His chest was fiercely struck with that familiar all-encompassing pain, the one that ran alongside John showing any sort of affection, as twisted the interpretation. His eyes fixed themselves on John’s clavicle.
John purses his lips together. Behind him, the front door opens again, and this time it’s Anthea. She walks down the front stoop, nearly stepping on John’s hand, and mumbles an apology down at her phone at John’s sound of protest. Mycroft’s umbrella is looped around her wrist. As if on cue, a familiar black car pulls up to the curb. Mycroft stomps out his cigarette, but before he opens the passenger door, he pauses and looks back to John with eyes that twinkle in the most unsettling of ways.
John nearly asks why, but then remembers. Sherrinford. Eurus. Sherlock’s nearly day-long absences once every few weeks, ones that John already knows the reasons behind but would rather not ask after. He misses hearing Sherlock play, but he wouldn’t be surprised if the violin has bad connotations at this point. He mentally chides himself for buying the sheet music. Instead of lingering on it, he hums in acknowledgement and turns back to studying the woodwinds on display.
He thinks back to before the Fall, to the days where Sherlock was striking and harsh, cool and calculating, permitting an impossible air of condescension and capable (oh-so-willing) of tearing apart any passerby with his sharp tongue. Like he was always trying to prove himself. John had felt used, those days, like he was merely there to pass the time, but he didn’t care. He finally felt
leaking into his voice. But that couldn’t be right, could it? AIs couldn’t feel emotion, at least not legitimately. It had to be some sort of ruse, John decided. He felt Sherlock tense beside him, and Mycroft glanced over to meet his brother’s eyes steadily. There was something electric in the air that John didn’t want to be a part of.
From the bookshelf, Rosie has managed to pull out a bird-watching guide. John doesn’t care much if she rips it. It’s not like any of the books are theirs, anymore, just placeholders to supply an illusion of domesticity. Very few things survived the explosion, and paper wasn’t one of them.
Instead: “’Territory of the stone’. It’s an old myth, a legend I’m sure you’d remember if given the right reminder. A legend that may have some merit, might I add. Lovely town, if a bit small. The smell of wet moss clung to me for days afterwards. When we go there tomorrow, I have a rather odd request.”
Soft curls brushed John’s chin as his head shook, cold hands bleeding through the small of John’s back. “No, not tired,” he said, and the hands curled John’s shirt into fists. “Human.”
Sherlock tilted his face down and to the side, so he could meet John’s eyes above his glasses. His lashes were dark and full. “No,” he murmured.
Mycroft watched him unblinkingly, as creepy as he had been this whole meeting. “What affairs do you have, doctor?”
Sherlock was pulling at his curls, trying to pace but instead managing to stumble around uncoordinatedly, nearly tripping over his own feet. “Five years,” he said into nothing, hands insistent at his head, “Five years of this. Of the watching, of the wanting, of the letting you come home drunk and… and then not be bothered. Do you see now, John?”
So, what? It was all fine. He just had verbal proof that Sherlock would be busy again that day, so there was no use in contacting him if it would be to rejection. No use at all.
No one answered. “Damn it,” John cursed, whipping around back the way he came. He found the rope he had noticed earlier, and lifted with all of his might to unhook it from the jut it was wrapped around. Christ, it was heavy, but he draped the bulk of it around his shoulders and tried to keep his breathing consistent as he rushed back to the bay. More and more people stopped to stare, but none offered to help (figures; they’re engineers).
Mike stopped at set of double doors, the words ‘Chem Lab 4’ stamped on the wall beside it in big black letters.
John locked his jaw closed, an impossible notion clouding at his mind. He had questions, millions of them, in fact. What was Sherlock talking about? He spoke carefully in that baritone voice, as if he was limited in the words he could voice aloud. Whenever it came to John, he was never the person he put out to the public, more personal and familiar even when giving John the cold shoulder. He was becoming such a large part in John’s life, so much so that John couldn’t help but entertain the thought.
So what that Thomas had a cock? So did Sherlock, and that didn’t seem to be an issue. Or did it? John hadn’t really thought about that side of his anatomy, but he was sure that it was beautiful like the rest of Sherlock. Could a cock be beautiful?
It was so quiet, Sherlock staring straight ahead, that John thought the conversation was over. It was a surprise when he heard: “When did your father pass away?”
“Didn’t.” He turns his head to keep John in his periphery, eyelashes caught reddish-gold in the light, and says, “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
Strong hands grab onto his shoulders, but he breaks from them roughly. He finally looks up to meet Sherlock’s eyes, to find them guarded and vulnerable, a juxtaposition all at once. Like the man who owns them. A walking contradiction.
“No,” Sherlock said immediately, but his voice was pained. He opened his eyes, and all confusion made way to a sort of fury that made John understand why people could think he was frightening. And the glare was aimed at
It was odd, waiting. Not just for the cab, but for… life, in general. Not even a month ago, John had had the most powerful epiphany of his life, the biggest upheaval of his whole belief system in the physical existence of the unknown. And before that, he had been living months like in a mystery novel, of near-death instances and scary stories in the dark and vague observations that his flatmate rarely ate, never slept, and could sit like one of Michaelangelo’s sculptures indefinitely without so much as breathing. And before that… he was waiting for his deathbed to arrive, trading the sand of Afghanistan for fast food joints and people dressed up in ties and skirts.
“Urgh,” John replied, head buried in his hands. He had a hangover from hell, and the fact that he had a full day of tests both physical and mental ahead of him didn’t help. Today was the most grueling day as of yet, where the crew would be painstakingly tested in each and every way in their level of preparedness for the coming journey. It wasn’t an eligibility issue to make sure that the people were still on the Intrepid’s crew, that was already set in stone; it was more of a complete set of data for comparison purposes. The control, it was called. There would be cardio until exhaustion, problem-solving increasing in difficulty until exhaustion, g-force testing until the maximum speeds… Suffice it to say, John wasn’t quite at his peak level for the tests at the moment. But there wasn’t any rescheduling option, so he would have to try his best. Whatever it may be.
He tilts his head to meet Sherlock’s eye, at least peripherally, and finds their faces much, much too close. It’s commonly known, both among doctors and the regular folk, that whenever it comes to the eyes, the peripheral vision is much more acute and useful during the night. To notice the stars in the night sky, you should look where there aren't any, and find the specks that appear all around your line of sight. Here, in the late afternoon sun streaming through the flat, John finds that it’s true now, too. That he doesn’t have to focus to see the laugh lines, the cupid’s bow, the little brown fleck in one eye, all in perfect detail.
When John gave him a look, he rolled his eyes dramatically, giving off that infamous irritation he was known for. “You’re the Chief of Medical with four different nurses. Meaning, all of those fancy scanners and heavy machines won’t be your job, it’ll be theirs. You’ll just be there for expert opinion and more serious treatments, if need be.” He looked back down to his phone’s screen, a clear sign of boredom. “If the situation ever arose, I have no doubt in my mind you could amputate, suture, and wrap a leg before the next person could sever it. Trust me, you’ll do perfectly fine.”
John rolls his eyes. “Just because she says ‘anytime’ doesn’t mean that I’m free to unload my daughter at a moment’s notice. She needs some warning, at least.”
Two strapping arms pulled him up, and ink dotted his vision from the sudden movement. His legs were steady beneath him, but he could feel the persistent ache in his thigh he was well used to by now. He prodded his head with careful fingers. “How long was I out for, then?”
“Never bothered you before.” John’s voice sounds terribly fond. “I’ve long gotten used to your violin playing at random hours of the night.”
The man’s head turned, as if summoned. His eyes narrowed on Mike, until they slid to John. There was little change in his expression, save for something less annoyed and more thoughtful crossing his features, before he turned back to the matter at hand. John forced his eyes off of him, back to Mike, who seemed curiously unaffected.
John glanced over his shoulder at the other man disbelievingly. “You said he doesn’t talk very much.”
now being noticed ten minutes before midnight, after the flat having been full of detectives and nosy neighbors alike, but he supposes Sherlock had a point all the times he’s bemoaned Scotland Yard’s (dis)abilities of perception. Sherlock doesn’t move from where he’s lounged on his armchair.
Letting the system scan his Neuron-chip to log his movements and health data, John really just didn’t know what to think about the whole situation, though his curiosity still remained. People began to disperse around him to fill up their own areas, quiet chatter filling the air, and the computer loaded up a training exercise directly into his chip.
John delivered a swift kick to the head beneath his foot, just hard enough to incapacitate, and promptly leaped over his body to tackle his friend. Of course, it was like pushing at a brick wall.
“If you ask around Dartmoor, you might hear similar tales. Of a cold stranger, more dangerous than the hounds, screeching to the heavens in search of this… thing. This woman. Frightening the townsfolk into their homes, ransacking house to house until he found her. In our little town is when blood was first drawn.
There was a brief moment of silence. “Boring,” Sherlock then proclaimed, eyes leaving John to study the empty table beside them with utmost fascination.
For once, Sherlock was the sane one. John’s mind was racing all around from mistress to secret child, so he let himself fall into Sherlock’s words instead of his own delusions. He placed the rose over the lilies he left. “Yeah, you’re right. Come on, let’s make the trek back.”
John glanced up at him sharply, but Sherlock kept his gaze straight ahead. “Won’t they find out we left?”
John smiles, almost sadly. Slowly, carefully, he reaches up a hand onto the other man’s shoulder, thumb brushing the skin opened by his collar. Sherlock’s eyes widen. John doesn’t do anything else, just simply squeezes the warm muscles and bones there and takes a breath as if to speak, but then it rushes out of him in a sigh and his smile dwindles, feeling his face and his eyes open awfully into something he can’t name. His hand drops down to Rosie’s head, softly brushing her curls, before John releases them altogether to turn towards the doorway.
And then Sherlock looks back up, eyes glassy and touched with red, and the way he looks at John says more than John ever could. It also utterly, unbelievably terrifies him. So John does what any other emotionally-constipated British male would do in the face of public intimacy: he makes a joke.
“Sarah,” he greeted warmly, moving back to the sink to look as though he were doing more than feeling up his flatmate. “To what do we owe the pleasure?”
John just smiles tightly and keeps cleaning. After everyone leaves, he oscillates for a moment, floorboard creaking outside of Sherlock’s door. A love affair, he remembers. He raises his hand as if to knock, then thinks better of it and starts up the stairs.
ME: It’s okay for you to mention, I’ve avoided the topic enough. I’ll never finish mourning... Not for the rest of my life, I’d imagine. I’m not even sure it’s gotten less painful, only easier to endure.
Sherlock’s expression dropped, but not by much. His eyes darted all over John’s body, never lingering anywhere too long, and in the end it seemed to be fruitless. “I’ve told you before, I can’t. Not very well, anyway. You… there’s something about you, something that I can’t read. I see you as anyone else would see you, though with a few notable differences.”
Sherlock’s lips quirked up, but he didn’t question John’s motives. “I’ll need you to follow me, and keep quiet. We won’t have long before we’ll be discovered, and I would prefer for that to happen after I return.”
“I’m not,” Sherlock replies quickly, shaking his head, moreso to clear it than anything else. He huffs out a laugh. “I was trying to impress someone.”
He watched Sherlock shrug, the man’s own hands gloved and grasped onto his handholds tightly. “They don’t expect people to do this,” he replied. “There aren’t any precautions to take if there isn’t a foreseen problem. An obvious miscalculation on the security’s part.”
“No, I believe you,” John acquiesced. He didn’t, but that was the best he was getting for now. Sherlock seemed satisfied. “The most important question of all, why in the
. Oh, thank god. The cemetery's gates were wide open with the gleam of the London streetlamps just beyond, the after-dinner traffic louder than the sound of the blood rushing through his ears. He nearly sagged with relief.
Molly had just come by to take Rosie for one of their Sunday morning strolls through the park, and Sherlock had offered to help Rosie into the pram. Their friendship, though broken (understandably) from the events months ago, came back rather easily in the aftermath. Rosie being the peace offering between them definitely helped, and neither him nor his daughter minded.
He was frozen in the doorway, eyes dancing from John to the flat and back again. “You’re supposed to be at work,” he said accusingly.
The artificial grass beneath him began to itch on his skin, and his brain felt as if someone had taken it to a blender, but John managed a chuckle. “Duly noted. Now help me up.”
John couldn’t believe what was happening. “You propositioned Sherlock Holmes.” It wasn’t a question.
John nodded, taking another sip. The chatter began to disperse into something more casual, a little gossip and some more venting. It was a cathartic meetup for the group, sure, but John only sat there positively itching to interrogate the story behind a specific ‘myth’ that supposedly existed amongst the moors. Mary, sensing his boredom, nodded him up to take a walk with her.
Warmth pooled in John’s belly, but he still felt awfully tense. Leaning further on his cane, he scratched at his head with a shaking hand. “Alright, then. I… I’m glad to hear that. And, er, likewise.”
ME: Also, while I haven't been interested in Artificial Intelligence until relatively recently, there is definite merit towards the theory of uploading human intelligence into a machine, if that's what the future can bring us.
The small, striking intimacy in his eyes, avoiding John’s as if the things he felt was shameful. Before he could mull it over, John blurted: “Let’s start over.”
A gunshot rang through the air, and then another. Logically, it was just an unfortunate series of backfires from any number of vehicles, but John didn’t have the time nor the mind for logic. The sound of rubber screeching on asphalt burned through the air, and John’s instincts came to play. He immediately dropped to the ground, cane flung, and only had the slight vantage to see a car barreling towards him at too-high speeds for the city. He was frozen on the pavement, muscles steady but locked on the ground, and he couldn’t do anything more than battle at his war-torn body to
Tea cup forgotten in his hands, John couldn’t help but pause – and that’s what would usually happen, was it not? When seeing someone so unbelievably beautiful, someone that stopped the breath in your chest until you felt like your very heart would crack under the pressure, that’s what you would do, right? Stop and stare and hold on for dear life. John was doing a damned good job at it, if that was the case.
Sherlock purposefully ignored him, eyes already perusing anything that could be observed inside the contemporary little dining room they were in. The few people eating here were nowhere close, but Sherlock stared at them in that unnerving way of his all the same.
Despite his thrumming heart, John pretends to ponder over that for a moment. “You just called me an idiot again, didn’t you?”
“No,” Rosie protests, but it’s half-hearted. Sherlock chuckles and nods to the shopkeeper, turning on his heel with John right behind him.
Beside him was the car, banged up but not too damaged. There was a dent slightly caving in the passenger door, as if had hit something unyielding. It almost looked like a dimple, deep with five specific corners.
“That’s everyone’s favorite opera,” Sherlock says drily, but he’s smiling all the same. Then his brows furrow. “Where did you get this?”
But was there something about Stansex that didn’t meet the eye, a deeper meaning that drew the residents back in? He could feel it, feel the yearning to stay instead of return to London. It was insignificant enough that John could ignore it, knowing that his home was in the greater city, but the magnet to his blood still stood.
He held up a hand, eyes closing. “Not now. I’m… I don’t know, alright? You’ve… opened a lot of doors for me, you see. Doors that have been closed for a very, very long time. I’ve never...” He sighed and shrugged his shoulders, almost seeming disappointed in himself. “I’ve never.”
Mike laughs, then goes back to leaning against his wife. Greg’s loudly flubbing all the words, but he’s making a valiant effort.
Inside of his mind, he could see John with perfect clarity, silver at the edges and a harshness to his brow that was both incongruous and so terribly, terribly
A few whoops, and John was soon alone. Rolling his neck with a wince, he tossed the rugby ball into the storage container and began his trek towards the heart of the complex.
Despite himself, John found himself liking this Lestrade fellow. He was merciless while he doled out assignments, rather reminding John of himself while coaching. John let himself get swept out of the facility and into the outdoor field.
Sherlock held the door open for John to climb in first, and smiled tightly. “Oh, same as yours,” he replied, “Save for the bed-and-breakfast. I have little use for either.”
The first blow was dull and powerful, a meaty punch to the abdomen that John absorbed the best he could. The next came higher, unprepared, catching his breath sharply beneath his ribs. Apparently his death couldn’t be quick; they had to have some fun with it, after all. Of course. The next punch skid across his face, nicking the skin of his cheekbone open. He tried to kick his feet, to writhe himself out, but another man just simply leaned down to hold his legs together. When the second punch to the gut came, John couldn’t stop the grunt that slipped out.
“Leaving,” Sherlock announced. “I’ve got some dumpsters to rifle through, I’ll let you know when I find something.”
He nodded, eyes oddly bright. “Yes, but please control yourself. If you call me ‘Billy’ even once, I will not be responsible for my actions.”
“Thank you, Captain, but I can take it from here,” Mycroft said, strolling into the center of the argument. He had that same umbrella hooked around his wrist, which John realized seemed rather odd in a world where rain was no longer an issue. Especially not underneath the dome. The AI was as smooth and just as unpredictable as a snake to John, but the moment he arrived, Lestrade seemed to immediately calm down, if just a bit.
John nodded. Somehow, working with the police to help catch criminals suited Sherlock to the ground. “I’ve always wanted to be a police officer,” he mused. “Chase teenagers, write tickets, occasionally get to tase dangerous civilians. Not too bad of a gig.” He shrugged. “Before I went into the medical field that is. It was a dream, anyways.”
Inside, both Mind and Heart at his shoulder, the words John Watson had always left unspoken were suddenly and completely obvious. The pain, the grief. The bravery. Sherlock opened his eyes inside of the padded cell, looking directly into his soul without ambiguity. The words John had always meant to say but never did, the words that John had kept from the world but left imprinted in his footsteps.
Sherlock’s eyes slid somewhere behind John, and he huffed out an amused breath. John cautiously turned to see what he was looking at. When he saw, he couldn’t help but snort too.
Lines of pale scar tissue whipped across Sherlock’s back, slightly raised but clean in execution. A few smaller lashes in a couple of places, thicker and straight from the stab of a knife. Small dots at his shoulder blades, shinier like burns. Cigarettes. Otherwise, there were a few less-noticeable nicks here and there, ones that John was trying desperately not to catalogue.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, lowering himself into his own armchair opposite John’s. With John this slouched and Sherlock this tall, their feet nearly touched. “Even Mrs. Hudson could make that deduction.” His next words were quiet. “Are you having nightmares?”
“I saw that,” Sherlock pointed out, beside him in a whoosh of air. His light eyes were aimed towards the cut, and John tried to convince himself they didn’t look hungry. “I’ll have to treat it back at the flat.”
Sherlock’s lips twitched. “There is some relation.” He released John’s hand, and took a step back to his own side of the platform to lean against the post. John’s head tilted in confusion.
She made her way downstairs, muttering to herself all the way while John mulled over her words. A drug problem?
Her chin dropped back down, but she was hiding a delighted smile of her own. John didn’t feel too bad. “S-sure.”
heard it. Blinking slowly, John continued with his progress. He was just getting to three-fourths full, the sky a lighter blue, when he felt the rumbling.
Sherlock leaned further back in his chair and waved a hand, schooling his features into something more impassive. “I called in. You’re not scheduled tomorrow, we’re leaving for Plymouth at noon if we’re to secure a hotel early enough. It’ll take nearly five hours to drive there.”
With a sigh, John steps closer to study the pipe himself, noting how the wood catches red in the sunlight. The carvings are clean and detailed, the result of a steady and practiced hand. “It is a nice pipe,” he admits.
“Shut up,” John nearly growled to himself. At Molly’s simmering look, he tried to appease. “Okay, so there is a possibility… a
Mycroft had interrupted his small tirade with a teacup and saucer, lobbed in quick succession at John’s head. John snatched them out of the air rapidly, one in each hand, before an orange followed the same trajectory. He swiped the orange out of the air with the dainty cup, and then snapped them all back down to the table with a tense air, no more household objects immediately forthcoming. John tried regaining his composure. “What the bloody hell was that for?”
John swallows. “Any songs stored away up in that brain?” He says to change the subject. “Something I’d recognize?”
An exhale against his lips. “It’s possible that you know me better than I know myself,” Sherlock breathed, looking at John as if he bloody owned the stars. “You love me.”
“Point taken.” While Sherlock had the most impressive arsenal of insults known to man, he rarely spent the energy on aiming even the mildest ones towards John. Whenever he did, John knew to tread lightly. “One more?”
“I mean… how could you do that?” John managed, eyes blurry and voice gruff. “To me? How… I thought I was your…”
That didn’t seem to bother Sherlock, his lips twisted in a wry smile, borderline mischievous on his face. “Oh,
Sherlock’s eyes were bright beneath his fringe, and he honest-to-god grinned, bright teeth flashing and dimple winking and overall reminding John that he lived with an immortal child, one with a propensity for blowing up the kitchen and getting excited for danger and mystery as if it were his birthday. Sherlock grabbed his shoulders and jostled him.
“I’m John Watson. I was going to be an assistant down here in the labs, but I’m assuming that that might cause some complications with you, if I’m reading this right.” He wasn’t shy with his thoughts, despite how speechless he had been about the man earlier. Now, he was just trying to get through this strange encounter in one piece. It was proving more difficult than he thought.
“John,” Sherlock greeted, returning back to his microscope, though keeping his eyes trained on the other man above as he went into the kitchen and rummaged for a glass. “How are you feeling?”
Sherlock scowls, but does an inconspicuous shimmy in place, little more than a shuffle in his step but preening nonetheless. He’s done that since the very first day John’s known him, and it’s comforting that he’s still the same man from before, as hard as it is to believe sometimes. Sherlock straightens his shoulders an inch taller. “Well. Thank you. I didn’t know if this shirt was ‘festive’ enough.”
John, oddly enough, wasn’t appeased. “Eyes on the road! Why are you wearing sunglasses anyway? Even if it
The following morning, Sherlock’s making breakfast. He does that after disagreements, usually as a way to apologize, which makes John feel even more guilty; yesterday was Sherlock defending himself against a bombardment of questions, totally blameless. John vows to buy dinner tonight.
They walked in silence, aimlessly on John’s end, and when Sherlock finally spoke it was muttered and strangely sheepish.
His voice, slow and patient despite its frightened undertones, the pattering of a bassoon beneath the chorus. Sherlock blinked back into the present, looking around blindly before he remembered that that didn’t do any good. Not anymore, at least. “John,” he replied, as if on instinct.
Sherlock stills. John stares at his back, at the swatch of sweat at the base of his spine sticking his dress shirt to his skin. He turns his head just slightly, so John can see the slight upturn at the tip of his nose and his eyelashes, caught golden in the kitchen lights above his head.
The land surrounding the lake was flat except for one steep hill, making John feel oddly as if he was back in Afghanistan, where he could see a person walking towards him miles before they arrived. Their pace was slow, and Mary aimed a torch in front of their feet so they wouldn’t trip over any rocks. John cleared his throat.
and just like that, he doesn’t realize why it’s been so difficult. Why he’s been afraid to give in, to bare his soul, when their souls were never covered to begin with, not to each other. He thinks of meeting Sherlock for the first time at Bart’s, of running through London with him, of visiting his grave, of saving him from death, of Chinese food and pale eyes and fake suicides and gunshots and guilt and stag nights and jealousy and secret sisters and words unspoken and
Soon, John’s hips became frantic from what Sherlock could feel from beneath his arm. “Sherlock, I’m…” he warned, his hand releasing Sherlock’s hair to tangle into his bedsheets.
Sympathy stuck a chord in John’s chest. Also, the chip was grating on his nerves, he was tired, and he was starting to get a bit hungry (which was of no importance, but related). All of this trailed down into his lack of will towards keeping up his refusal. He might as well put some of his obsolete doctoring skills to use on Earth, if he was expected to do the same in space. “Alright, yes, I’ll help you. Just… don’t get me into any trouble, yeah?”
“She left voluntarily, I’m afraid. Apparently an old employer had something of significance that prompted her to stop playing housewife.”
The man rolled his eyes as he shook John’s hand, as if to say ‘look at what we have to deal with’. “He’s in forensics, and there’s a dead body,” he said pointedly, if slightly apologetic. He smiled at John tightly. “DI Greg Lestrade. I’m sorry, you said you were-”
She closed her eyes, as if counting her breaths to measure them, only to open them and look anywhere but John. “It’s, um, the summer solstice banquet in a week. June 20
John ripped the paper from its spiral, crumpling it in his fist. No. Breathe in, and out. Trying to calm his tensing muscles, he slowly straightened out the sheet and set it to the side. The facts, Watson. Focus on the facts. The clean new paper on the spiral was daunting, so John pushed the notebook to the side as well and powered on his laptop.
John felt a jolt in the car’s speed (which he was really tiring of), and then Sherlock’s face was twisted again. He jerked his head towards John and spat, “That has to be one of the most
The stoplight was red, which gave Sherlock a chance to minutely sink into his seat. All of a sudden, exhaustion seemed to take home in every line of his body. “John,” he said. “Whenever I got to the cemetery, I did something. I nearly… the man there, I held him up by his throat, and if you hadn’t interfered…” He huffed out a breath. “I wasn’t doing that for lack of thought.”
Quick as a flash, Sherlock closed the distance between them to grip John’s biceps, face inches away. The cold of his palms seeped through the shirt, as hard and unyielding as a metal claw.
A moment of silence, and then a sigh. The padding of feet. The slide of skin, a freezing hand on a bicep as John was guided down to a sitting position on the mattress. The rustle of clothing as Sherlock crouched in front of him, hands resting on John’s knees.
What? John stopped the machine, trying to control his breathing as he used one of the available towels to wipe his brow. He turned around to see what was just so fascinating.
John stumbled over his feet, mouth dropping open incredulously when he processed the words. “A brilliant-
What do they look like, John wonders? Like friends, like lovers? Or have they always looked like this? He glances to the living room, where absolutely nobody is paying attention to them, and leans in closer. He’s not keen on confessing his undying…
John nearly shouted, hand reaching up to fist at the back of his neck. He spun around in place, eyes scanning the grounds. “Why?”
“You bastards are lucky I don’t,” John joked. “Rugby has its risks. God knows I have my fair share of scars from the damned sport.” He rolled his left shoulder involuntarily. His hand seemed to give an extra quiver in acquiesce. “What time is it, any of you know?”
Not a hair out of place, he stopped exactly a meter from John and set him with a stare. His eyes were nearly black, John noticed, narrowed thoughtfully above the surgical mask that covered the bridge of his nose to his chin.
When John awoke, it was to the vestiges of evening and a still-empty flat. Thoughtlessly, he stuffed un-socked feet into his shoes and fled into the city.
Staring at the front desk longer than appropriate, John spun on his heel and walked out the main entrance with a shaking fist.
“... Then Scott meets Hamish. The one person he cannot observe like the others, where he can’t tell if his testosterone is higher than normal right now or which park he went to yesterday morning. He can’t detect these things, because the overall
Sherlock still didn’t meet his eyes, but he couldn’t stop the answering smile of his own, small and endlessly fond. “In all my years, I’ve never had my heart broken before.” He huffed to himself. “I don’t think I could survive it.”
There’s no reply. Carefully, John settles into Sherlock’s chair, turning it so it half-faces the window and puts them parallel to each other. He’s significantly closer to the floor, neck nearly craning at the angle, but what else is new? Sherlock watches him, expression inscrutable, and after a beat goes on to pluck some more. His voice cracks when he finally speaks, rusted with disuse.
His hand carefully wrapped around John’s cock, already half-hard, and John groaned from his chest. He pulled Sherlock back to nip at his lips, licking into his mouth and reaching around to splay his hands into Sherlock’s back. There was a discrepancy beneath his fingertips. Sherlock’s hand stilled.
“Beautiful,” he muttered, then unable to stop his eyes from closing and head from falling against the mattress. Sherlock lingered for a moment, catching his breath, before standing unsteadily on his feet.
So, like any emotionally-constipated British man, John chose to blatantly ignore the problem. “I’ve thought about radioactive spiders.”
John blinked, feeling an odd sort of anger rise from nothing out of his chest. Was it jealousy? No, of course not. Where had the thought even come from? What did John have to be jealous about, he wasn’t in love with the man.
Sherlock harrumphs, eyes narrowing, but he turns back to the front door just in time to let Mrs. Hudson kiss him on the cheek.
John had managed to grab a few more hours of sleep after the shocking dream he couldn’t make heads nor tails of. He awoke again presumably only a couple of hours later, as the sky wasn’t yet light and the ship beneath him was still. There was a shuffling in the next room.
“Thinking,” Sherlock murmurs, brows furrowed. He reaches out a hand to touches Rosie’s back, as if the contact gives him strength. He takes a deep breath in, then out. “Something I haven’t thought about in years. Many years. I…” His mouth curves into something bittersweet. “I used to play.”
John was definitely getting too old for this, he reckoned. Once upon a time, alcohol made him giggly and energized and full of bad ideas. Now it just made him nauseous and tired. “Let’s just go home, yeah?”
The doorway creaks when John sags against it. When Sherlock suddenly realizes he’s watching, his expression drops and the music clips off with a dissonant twang. “I, er, John,” he says quickly. He clears his throat. “I didn’t think you could hear me,” he continues, looking oddly embarrassed, as if caught doing something he wasn’t supposed to.
"It starts off slowly," Sherlock explained, watching the passengers enter and exit the carriage from his vantage point. "It can’t go straight into its maximum speed initially, so it clears the dome altogether before hitting hyper speed. We’ll be jumping just before it rips us off.”
“M’shoes,” he complained, halfheartedly kicking his feet together to slide his shoes off to no avail. “Please,” he added.
John clenched and unclenched his hands at his side, something uncomfortable sliding along his spine. “Sherlock, I’m… we’re not going to. Do
“Well, the gang is planning on heading into Dartmoor tomorrow evening, out towards Red Lake. Just the usual, drinking and catching up. Would you like to join?”
“I’ve got something for you both,” Lestrade says, voice crackling through the receiver. “Sorry, Sherlock, I know the serial killers have decided to take a bit of a break recently. Hopefully this makes up for it.”
inclined, the kind of inclined where he couldn’t walk straight and giggled at everything Sherlock said, he would get the cap badge of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers on his bicep. Perhaps even something related to Sherlock, as John’s impulse decisions usually seemed to involve him.
The rain came in, pattering the roof with a symphony of woodwinds. “You misunderstand as usual, brother mine,” Mycroft voiced into the quiet, impossibly kind. “This isn’t to protect himself. Everything, the marriage, the secrecy, the mission. Destroying A.G.R.A, the root of Moriarty’s network and the last of the fingers in the pies. It hasn’t been for him. It’s all been for
Sherlock’s face didn’t exactly change, but it emitted something fond and ever-so-slightly exasperated with just the corner of the eyes. “Oh yes, that’s certainly ambiguous enough. Right. Scott is what you would call… gifted. His sense of smell is rivaled to none, so precise that he can not only notice, but
“Question time is over,” Sherlock announced with flourish, shifting into park. They were in a parking garage just a block or two from the flat, in a spot close to the exit. It wouldn’t be a long walk to get back.
At the chatter, the captain rolled his eyes. “Yes, I realize the ship is 30 stories tall and probably bigger than most of the neighborhood domes, but the tour will be brief and only over the basics.
John snorted. “A bit.” And then he cleared his throat awkwardly, but this next part needed to be asked: “What are you going to do about your brother?”
A half hour later found some of the crew vomiting up their breakfast, pressed to the ground in exhaustion and even a few others in-and-out of consciousness. The air was falsely humid, courtesy of Lestrade’s adjustments, and the time that blinked at the top arch of the dome was only 08:54. John wasn’t too far off from collapsing as well, breath heavy and clothing positively drenched in sweat, but he was able to keep himself together despite his couple hours sleep the night before. Caffeine was a miracle, he decided.
As if making up his mind, head nodding, Mike binned his own cup and grabbed his jacket from the table. There was a strange expression on his face, one that John couldn’t name. “Just one. There are labs underneath Bart’s, as you probably remember. All sorts of things, from forensics to chemistry to even the occasional physical therapy, whenever it gets too loaded up here. Since it’s the end of term, a lot of jobs down there are going to be up for grabs during the summer. Maybe you’d like an assistant job, to get back on your feet before moving to something more suiting?”
John shrugged. “It’s not exactly a vacation, Sherlock, more like a visit to pay respect. We can be back by Saturday night if we check the rail times.”
With a grin, the next song came on and John whipped around so his back was to Sherlock’s chest. The men around them seemed to know the lyrics to the song that was currently blaring. With a sense of equal parts horror and fascination, Sherlock realized that John was beginning to slowly grind.
He stood firm, as unchanging as he had been while sprinting through the moorlands. His feet were as a part of the ground as the trees were, and he looked at Mary desperately. “I can’t.”
“Good,” Sherlock murmured, expression void of anger but still holding that calculating edge, bordering on frustration. His hands slowly lowered to the table. He seemed to be more curious than before, words on the tip of his tongue and brows slanted thoughtfully.
With this speed and the traction of his shoes, he was able to run up a considerable way on the other curve of the ring. With the last few, powerful pumps of his legs, when gravity proved too much he leaped off into the center, and latched himself onto the barest end of the rope he was able to get.
“Sherlock!” A man yelled immediately, jogging over past the flashing lights from a collection of emergency vehicles. When he reached them, he clapped Sherlock’s shoulder heartily, and John was shocked that Sherlock didn’t immediately rip it off. “Glad you’re here, I wasn’t sure you’d deign to come and lend a hand.”
A rush of breath. “And therein lies the problem.” He peeked at John from the corner of his eye. “Excellent job distracting me, by the way, but I am still immensely interested in your theories.”
before he and Anthea were out of earshot. But that couldn’t be right, it made absolutely no sense. Not able to make heads nor tails of the situation, John let himself be led onto the moving walkway and presumably towards the clinic.
It’s always a thrill, when Sherlock Holmes is rendered confused just like the rest of us. John stands and takes a step closer, and the chair between them presses against his knees. Like this, Sherlock perched on the desk, they’re the same height, but John can’t help feeling like he’s only a centimeter tall.
John’s legs opened automatically, and his sigh was barely audible. He turned his head to look at Sherlock in surprise.
But then Sherlock pulled back, mask still strapped over his mouth. The sudden movement made John realize he hadn’t been breathing, himself, and his abrupt inhale brought that same intoxicating scent onto his palate. At that, he felt himself pushing more support onto his cane.
Sherlock’s fingertips were numb. “It was… It was all science. First, I determined the height of the top of Bart’s from-”
John’s not even sure he’d say yes. No, there’s no chance that they’re living together again, unfortunately, not unless Sherlock asks them to himself. John scoffs at the thought.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, doing some warm-ups on his own. His mouth seemed permanently pressed into a white line. “Part of my punishment,” he sulked.
Sherlock tilted his head in John’s direction, lazy as ever despite the fact that they were barreling 20 over the speed limit just inside of London. He drove a jeep, fully loaded and matte black with industrially-tinted windows. The ray-bans he wore were sharply attractive. “What? I’ve never crashed in this car before, and the last few that were totaled could hardly be classified as fatal. I prefer to drive fast, is all.”
“That’s very uncharacteristic of you,” John commented offhandedly, carding his fingers through his own dusty hair once and deeming it proper. Sherlock flicked another curl in place, seemingly satisfied, and manhandled John to face him to he could redo the bow tie.
The bed and breakfast was in the best condition he’d ever seen, bursting with spring-grown flowers of all shapes and colors. Before he walked in, though, he hesitated.
have ever happened. It wasn’t exactly the healthiest environment for a relationship, especially between ranking officers. Nothing could have happened afterwards, either, because then James was nearly blown up and blamed for dozens of deaths, and a month later John was shot in the shoulder, and the fates decided that whatever
John grimaced. When did she get a one-way ticket to his personal life? He didn’t even have one. “... There’s nothing going on.”
John makes to follow, but it’s as if there’s a tether at his waist, keeping him in place without a hint of yield. He knows
John held up a hand, effectively silencing him. He then extended his arm over the table with a pleasant smile. “My name is John
“Isn’t there some sort of training I would have to go through?” John protested half-heartedly. “I know nothing about space, save for the fact that to be there for an elongated period of time I would have to be in top shape. Which I am certainly not.”
John had forgotten Sherlock wasn’t up-to-date on his pop culture references. “No, it’s just in movies, or comic books, the superhero usually has a strange sort of circumstance that, er, makes him a hero, one of the good guys. Makes him super. Gamma radiation is another good one.”
Grounding the heels of his hands into his eyes, he opened up his old medical notebook to a blank page. He found a Sharpie on Sherlock’s side of the table’s clutter, and uncapped it with his teeth. At the top of the page, in neat, block letters, he wrote:
“Yeah, yeah,” John said absently, not even having the audacity to roll his eyes. Concern flitted through his body almost as if a physical pain, putting his aching muscles to shame. He dropped his fork to his plate and pushed it aside. “Sherlock, when’s the last time you slept? Or ate? Or did anything that humans require?”
Sherlock opened his mouth. He closed it. He stepped aside, and John shuffled in, closing the door gently behind him. The walk up the flat was silent and uncomfortable.
“No, I don’t believe so at least. The town paid for the tombstone, courtesy of Mary’s fundraising – if he had a wife, she would’ve paid for it. And there would be something about ‘husband’ on the grave.”
John opened his mouth to retort, but nothing came out. He didn’t have any affairs, really. No friends or pets, and his job was incredibly flexible. He wasn’t the only unofficial rugby coach out there, let alone in Sector 2. He had been cloned from a donor rather than his father, but that generation was long gone regardless. He had a sister…
Unladed by groceries, John figured it would be an easier limp through the city than earlier. He was used to physical activity, after all, having run around in the Middle East on nothing but the relentless sand. While the London sidewalk had better traction, John had overestimated his capabilities. Drastically. What should have been a twenty-minute walk became an hour, and what was a comfortable March breeze turned into something dry and hot. When John reached a slight incline, he nearly threw his cane into the street with defeat.
“You’re kidding,” John whispered, squeezing the muscles beneath his fingers. They yielded slightly, like a cast made of thin metal. “You’re making a joke.”
It was a new moon, meaning he had to rely on the dim lights in the graveyard as the sky darkened, the lamps throwing long, amber shadows against the ground. Calling Highgate a graveyard was almost insulting – it was a land of the dead, a ghost town, great mausoleums lined up like houses and zealous gravestones made up of intricate statues rather than slabs. As he walked deeper, he couldn’t shake the feeling of eyes on his neck, goosebumps dotting his arms like freckles. He stopped in place, telling himself that he wasn't scared – the walk back would be over an hour already, after all, so it was only best if he turn back around.
Five different people with five different circumstances, and yet they were all drawn back to living in the village. It was a nice village, to be fair, the population growing steadily as the main cities grew larger and more people discovered the beauty of the moors.
A hefty sigh, as if John’s question could bring down the human race from its idiocy. “The Intersectorial Center of Astronautical Means, more colloquially known as ‘Sector 15’,” came Mycroft’s reply. “It’s the home of the DSE Intrepid and, more importantly, your training. Now, if you’re quite finished admiring the vehicle, I would suggest that you
Lestrade’s teeth ground together, jaw tensing and vein popping noticeably on his forehead. He wagged his finger at Sherlock, but his hands were so tensed that John
Sherlock. Lately, John tended to section him off into his own category whenever doing something irregular. He more emulated a storybook character than a mere mortal, anyway.
Sherlock nodded towards the main rail, just pulling into the station to let people on and off. Despite the time, the train was bustling with energy as if it was midday, not the dwindling hours just before dawn. “When the hyper-rail begins to pull away from the station and turns around this corner, we’ll climb onto it at the back to avoid too much notice. From there, we’ll keep a good grip on until just before the-”
Dimmock seemed confused, like he couldn’t tear his eyes from the window. Sherlock was staring straight up and around, rubbing the back of his neck as he attempted to find a usable path. “I don’t think so,” the head engineer said. “We’re already preparing the engines, so it’s too dangerous to get someone to bring the stairs back… We can’t stop at this point.”
“I don’t know,” John says, using all of his strength to hide his own grin. He leans down to rummage through his bag. “Am I capable of being aware?”
But he knew it was right. “No,” Sherlock groaned, bucking his hips to wring a gasp from the man beneath him. “Not while you’re drunk.”
He held up his phone, to where it was on a weather app set to Cardiff, and waved it in their faces.  “Dry umbrella, wet collar.
In a flash, John was jostled by Sherlock’s hands clamping around his jaw and holding him still, his pale face up close and cracked open with glee. “A c
“No, God, Sherlock, that’s not what I meant,” interrupted John, still slightly in awe. He grabbed Sherlock’s forearm to slow him down, already winded from the strenuous pace.
Lestrade rounded up the five hundred-plus people, hair plastered to his head and seeming only slightly winded. “That was a nice warm-up, don’t you think? I’ll give you fifteen minutes to grab some water and pull yourselves together. Meet me in the training facility for today’s activities.”
of in fear of inducing a panic attack. He opens his mouth as if to speak, but then realizes that he doesn’t even know where to begin.
Damn. John had had that thing again, the thing where he thought someone said something that they actually hadn’t. What was he going to say to Sherlock? ‘Hey, sometimes I hear voices that sound very clear that aren’t actually being spoken?’ John only shook his head. “Nothing. It’s just… I’m glad you’re okay. Is all.”
John watched him wander away at that, and John caught Thirteen watching, too. John wasn’t too sure what good goading an antisocial child would do, but his curiosity was officially piqued. Feeling awkward, he carefully made his way to the mat until he was only about a meter from the boy.
Sherlock was gathering his clothes from the floor, only bothering to put back on his trousers. “No, no, don’t worry. It’s fine. All fine,” he said awkwardly.
Heavy breathing, and Sherlock’s eyes were blown wide. John came back to himself in increments, finally relaxing himself with a defeated sigh. In the slack, Sherlock shifted and felt that John was hard.
“John, I…” Mike began, but John was already out the door, quick on his feet even with his cane. He wasn’t angry at Mike, only the fact that he’d had enough of… whatever was happening here. With as much dignity as he could muster, he found his way back to the elevator.
She laughed nervously. “Sherlock has already done his sweep over anything worth interest this morning.” She scratched at her ear, and shifted uncertainly on her feet. “Um, speaking of… there’s something I, erm, wanted to ask you.”
“It’s Sunday, so I’ll cut you all a bit of slack. The neuron-chips are programmed with personalized exercises for the next hour in the weight room, and after you’re done and logged you’re free to leave.” The facility was doing that grand folding thing again, the floor opening up to rolling contraptions and a variety of forthcoming exercise machines. When it was all settled, Lestrade hopped onto the floor. “Dismissed.”
“Oh right.” John shakes his head to clear it, but he finds his eyes wanting to stray back to the kitchen, like a moth to a flame. “He’s fine, we’re fine. He’s amazing with Rosie, shockingly enough. I never would’ve thought.”
“’M awake,” John mumbled, rubbing at his eyes. He had dozed off in his armchair to the sound of London traffic, his neck stiff from the too-low headrest. “Where’ve you been?”
“He was an utter brat. My brother thought we hated the boy because we were homophobic, but he could’ve dated a horse for all mother and father cared. No, Benjamin used him to graduate and never wanted to be seen with him, and Sherlock fell for it.” He takes another drag, gazing ahead with eyes that seem fathoms away. “From then on, he swore off love forever. I was no help, I admit; I figured out the idiocy of the emotion long before him, so I was more than happy to have company to bask in loneliness with. However, I
“With the level of-” kiss, “-friction on the tub floor and-” nip, “-our combined weight, the chance of slipping is currently at approxim
By the end of the aurora, John was already inside and reaching for his phone. He dug the card out of his pocket and typed in the number. Mycroft answered immediately.
A pea fell from John’s spoon and rolled off the table, and he thought of earlier, of the scrawled-over notebook splayed open on the table. “You’re saying I smell too… good?”
After that, she wandered off with the mutilated brain under her arm in tupperware. John couldn’t say that the interaction gained him any insight.
“Electromagnetism,” RJ replied, almost stumbling over the word. He didn’t seem to want to elaborate, only watch the ship with wide, wondering eyes. He was bobbing excitingly on his feet. “Wanna see it go?”
“Accept,” John muttered automatically. He felt the little chip in the back of his brain whir to life, uncomfortably, and begin its download.
“Talk to you later, John,” she said, voice thick with implications. It haunted him, floating around his head as he climbed the stairs with limp-free legs, and to the front area. He spotted Sherlock just outside the doors, hands rifling through his greatcoat’s pockets.
The man snorted through his nose. “The captain? No, he intensely dislikes me. I’ve only heard about your... doctoral success, is all. You’re a bit of a legend in the hospital field, you know.”
She quirked her mouth into the beginnings of a smile, eyes blinking slowly, and John was torn between feeling triumphant and unnerved. She didn’t enter the building with him, only inclined her head in lieu of farewell and spun away on her heel. John didn’t have the time to watch her leave, being ushered instead into the clinic and enduring tests and a surprising amount of shots for the next few hours.
“You agreed quicker than I previously assumed.” There was some sort of shuffle on the end of the line, and Mycroft’s voice was further from the speaker. “Fifteen seconds, now. Go outside, a car is turning onto Quincy Street.”
“Brilliant,” John murmured against his lips. After a moment of shared breath, John released them both with careful movements and grabbed a paper towel to clean them up. He turned around to wash his hands in the sink, and Sherlock couldn’t help himself. “Never happening again, right?”
They were closing in, though. John had to focus on the fact they were trying to kill him to keep up his determination and, even more importantly, his sprint.
Sherlock embarrassed, voice stuttering. Face more blue than pink and never a blush. The color of snow.
“Happy New Years Eve, doctor,” Mycroft greets primly, damn umbrella swinging from where it’s looped around his wrist. Snow litters his hair and soaks the welcome mat, though the partygoers have already tracked it into 221B enough for it to be negligible. Mycroft cocks his head. “How’s your knee, by the way? I noticed that you tripped outside of the clinic last Wednesday.”
“I kept him busy,” she said with a wink, inconspicuously straightening her blouse. When she breezed by John, she smelled like a thick, cloying perfume. At least to him.
After what happened in Sherrinford, John is the first to visit Molly, bringing Rosie as an excuse. Not a very good excuse, given that both his daughter and her godmother positively adore each other, but it’s a pretense that Molly seems to appreciate nonetheless.
Sherlock, alike to John, was a man of science. He would never be content with being a creature of… well, supernatural means.
Mike laughed aloud, something warm and familiar. “Old? Washed-up? You’re the best damn surgeon currently inside the building, I guarantee. And you’re just, what, thirty-three? Thirty-four? If you’re old, I’m old then.”
“Mycroft?” John asked. “Wait a minute – if your brother didn’t tell you where I was, how on Earth did you find me?”
Sherlock shushed him gently, supporting John the best he could. “I walked with you, John. I needed to go to Tesco’s for shaving cream, you knew that. How hard did you hit your head?”
Yeah, he should not have said that. Shockingly, instead of pushing him, Sarah dropped her arm for him to hurry past her.
Not even an antique’s fair could save them now. They’re bored enough that only arguments (John) and explosive experiments (obvious) give them any sort of entertainment. Rosie’s picked up on the tension, and has decided to wake John up screaming at two in the morning for the past four nights in a row. Daily strolls are the only things keeping his sanity together, and Sherlock is
He was here for comfort. Sherlock made a mirroring sound, chest coming alive with the vibrant ache that arose whenever he was encountered with the love he felt for John. He scrabbled him closer until he couldn’t breath, pressing his lips to the top of his damp head and wishing for all the world that things were different. That Sherlock hadn’t died and that John didn’t have a murderous wife because
“Nicely put,” the brother replied with a sniff. “Now, regarding your involvement with Sherlock, I’m afraid that it’s high time I take this… predicament into my own hands.”
Sherlock looked at him sharply. "I won't let you die," he said seriously. Further away, lights began to flash as the rail began to leave the station. John found nothing but sincerity in his eyes, and he felt himself give a brisk nod in response. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, thoughtful, and with a jerk of his own head he turned back around and fell back into a crouch. Tension strung back into his body like a taut wire.
feel the surge of duty that ran familiar through his blood. This is what he wanted, right? To help somebody again?
Sherlock scowled. He could just go home himself, he hardly needed John with him at all times. But he
For the second time today, John’s eyebrows shot up in bewilderment. Now there’s a title he hadn’t heard in… well, ever. “I’m hardly a doctor, Mr. Holmes. I…”
Mary nodded enthusiastically, hair brushing her chin. “Definitely. I once heard my nana tell my dad about it. I asked her, once, but she avoided the subject.”
It was an unreal name, something John would’ve read in the many books he ate up as a child. But this Sherlock seemed unreal himself, cutting a figure as if from an illustration, with almost comically-emphasized features and odd proportions. Overall, though, the mismatched appearance didn’t look as weird as it should. John grasped his hand in a shake, both sets sweaty, though he couldn’t help his pause.
“The brother?” He asked politely, sounding much more calm than he felt. The miniscule pause told him everything he needed to know. Next to Sherlock, John was an idiot, but by himself he was really quite smart; he wasn’t sure why people seemed to think otherwise.
“Alone, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft interjected smoothly, closing the distance so that he stood only a meter away. People weren’t afraid to pass by the men anymore, and he lowered his voice beneath the chatter. “I believe it’s about time that Sherlock and I had one of our yearly discussions. Wouldn’t you agree, brother dear?”
go sky-high.” He turned his head in Sherlock’s direction, eyes still closed. “Just ask me whenever you want to do a
Sherlock practically ran over the scantily dressed men on the dance floor, nearly suffocating in glitter as he tried to reach his friend. His John, who was currently laughing at something another man was saying into his ear. Sherlock hesitated before them.
“What you said. That I was the only one between us two with the ‘capacity to break any hearts’.” The dreary glow of the sky made Sherlock’s skin even paler and near-luminescent, heavy clouds littering soft raindrops into his curls. He kept his dark eyes straight ahead, nonchalant. “It’s untrue. Grievously so.”
John smiled at her in greeting, and then noticed that they weren’t alone. Well, not entirely. On the table behind her was the body of a middle-aged man, sallow and gray, and Sherlock promptly bent down to sniff the bloke’s neck.
John watches. John watches him swing Rosie in the air with a laugh as bright as the morning air, watches him doze on the couch with his whole body melted into boyish innocence, watches him as their skin brushes and John gives a tentative smile, the grin he receives in return capable of launching a thousand ships to their deaths. Hears him quietly sob in the night when he believes nobody is awake, his thick shouts from nightmares and the shuddering of his breath whenever they’re at a crime scene with too much tragedy. Watches him dance the waltz to lure a baby to sleep, putter around John’s health with gentle hands, hum as he prepares dinner in the kitchen, chase suspects down alleyways with constant reassurances to verify that John is still right behind him.
There were fourteen Sectors on the planet, each identical save for their main exports and location. It was simply an easier way to control the now 125 million people on Earth, in a safe and coordinated manner. Switching between sectors was easy and painless, though it wasn’t a very common practice. The first seven sectors were mostly inhabited by clones, while the last seven were commonly for AIs. John, personally, resided in Sector 2, the sector for Biomedical Engineering. It didn’t mean he knew anything about the practice, it just happened to be the sector with the largest labs and experimental fields, all tucked in the heart of the province.
ed into the receiver. “Really, John, you know you always have a place at the B&B. We just upgraded to air-conditioning this last winter.”
The thing about Stansex was that it lived up to its name. In older English, ‘stan’ meant stone and ‘-sex’ meant territory. Territory of the stone. While stone was a recurring material used all over Dartmoor and its towns, in Stansex it practically sprouted up and grew with the foliage. Every house was made of stone, every bench and table, all the way from the ground up. It was a beautiful theme, green moss draping over weathered stone, and John was struck by the sheer loveliness of it all that he had forgotten.
“Sherlock and Mycroft,” John said once he shook himself out of his reverie, stepping out onto solid ground. “Do they not get along?”
John held the door open for him, studying his features with a clinical eye. No wrinkles, nor any sign of sagging skin. He seemed to be in perfect health, maybe even at his peak. There was also a sense of maturity at his stance, no vestiges of adolescence left in the way he held his shoulders. “Can’t say a day over twenty-eight.”
was what some people were 'terrified' of? A scientist that both looked and sounded like something out of Greek mythology? That impossible voice continued on. “I must insist that you cease bringing acquaintances here for me to frighten, as if I’m a sideshow act. I could begin charging you if so.”
Sherlock’s already flushing, and the pulsating neon glow around them definitely gives a valiant (but futile) effort in hiding the fact. They are currently nursing their graduated-cylinders’-worth of drinks in this rainbow-fond establishment, and many of the patrons passing by the bar have never heard of modesty, it seems.
She said it as if it was expected of her to help him out. This was the longest they’d spoken since before he left, even longer since they’d spoken without a fight. But John couldn’t pass up the offer of a newer phone, not with his current sand-encrusted one he’d bought before deployment. “Thanks, then. Are you and Clara still in Chelmsford?”
Her happiness dimmed a bit, but she wasn’t upset. Her hand returned to his arm. “Of course, I’m sorry for your loss. There’s other times we can make a date, after all.”
“Three cases closed in the past week,” he commented, rubbing his hands together in the chill evening air. There were bags underneath his eyes, but he seemed more awake now than in the past few days. “I would have thought that the Baskerville case you told me about would have tired you both out.”
Sherlock’s face opened like sunlight breaking through clouds, holding an expression almost like revelation as he stared at John’s hand disbelievingly. His eyelashes were fluttering again. “John,” he whispered.
“Brilliant,” John was able to gasp, and an intense rush of arousal went straight to Sherlock’s groin. With his free hand, he reached down to wrap around himself and he nearly shuddered with relief. He moaned around John’s cock, and an extra bead of bitter precum dropped on his tongue.
With a lasting squeeze to the hand under his, John stood up. He grappled for his cane somewhere behind him, while Sherlock watched his leg with near frustration. “I’ve got to get to bed, if I’m going to be ready for work tomorrow.”
got repetitive, the number of times it came up (constantly), but he had to make it stick somehow. Sherlock had moved right along from the raw pain he felt with John in the beginning into a more dull, ever-present ache.
“Even John,” Mycroft said smoothly, fingers flexing around his umbrella’s handle. “Punishment decisions always fall to the first officer, you have no need to worry. I’ll make sure this never happens again.”
John doesn’t know how long he can make this work. He doesn’t want to think about it, but. At midnight there’s little else to do.
John couldn’t help but set down the fork and reach out to touch his fingers, trying to use his warmth to soak into the pale skin beneath. It was awkward, as John was practically cupping Sherlock's cheek by proxy. The hands tensed, but didn’t move away. “I haven’t said it enough, Sherlock, but… I’m not… whatever happens, I’m not going to shout it from the rooftops. You can trust me.”
Sherlock met his eyes steadily through the pane, deadly serious and eerily pale in the lighting. Was he sweating? John met his gaze straight back, trying to signify harshness through the set of his brow. Above them, a voice sounded to announce the ten-minute mark to launch, and to ready at your stations.
“Who are you?” He nearly growled, body language the precise mixture between aggressive and vulnerable. John was beyond confused, but also wary of this newfound hostility. He braced himself taller than his frame, an almost military stance that shrugged on as comfortable as his own skin.
“Do you have a date yet?” She asked lightly, feigning disinterest. John knew she was feigning, as her cheeks were a tad darker than earlier and her eyes kept flickering up to his face.
John’s mouth was opening and closing in intervals, and he was sure he looked like a gaping fish. “Commander, I… well, he and I aren’t...”
A hand creeped back into Sherlock’s curls, just resting, and he didn’t mind. And then it tightened with a sharp pinch, and Sherlock nearly came just then.
John says nothing. He turns his head and catches the palm on his cheek, presses his mouth to it. Sherlock inhales sharply and leans forward. His nose catches on John’s temple. John closes his eyes. “I would just watch you,” he says, helplessly. “I would touch your… cheekbones, the arch of your nose, and…”
Feeling particularly brave, John pressed an arm against the center console to lean over. Sherlock, only sparing a glance back at the road, watched him close in with unmasked interest. “Good,” John said with purpose, running his tongue slightly along his bottom lip. Sherlock followed the movement with rapt attention, mouth parting.
second, there’s a grin so brilliant on his face that it’s the embodiment of spring itself and John’s just so… helpless. That’s the word for it. Sherlock bites his lips to reel himself back in before nodding, once, and brushing past back into the kitchen.
thinking it all over, too cowardly to even broach the subject. The whole point of all of this was to wait until he was ready, before going on and taking the final step, the leap of faith. Breaking down the only barrier that still divides them. He doesn’t know what he’s going to say, what he even
John opened his eyes enough to find Sherlock somewhere above him, and he grabbed the collar of his dressing gown. His head throbbed painfully. “You were in the flat,” John managed, speaking slowly to enunciate the words. “Five seconds – five seconds from 221B to across the street. That... you can't... that's not possible.”
of energy. This one,” he said, tapping the model ship on the ground, “I used electromagnetism to power it. But in space, there’s not enough to use! What is going to power it?”
His tongue darted out to his fingers, and the grin turned manic. “Until then, let’s have some fun, shall we?”
Sherlock dipped his head, both a thanks and an acknowledgement. The room cleared a bit. “I was thinking ordering room service; it looks as if it’s going to rain.”
The hospital's director remembered him, that much was clear. Whether it was from the high test scores or the infamous girl fever he’d had at the time, he wasn’t sure. Regardless, John was in for the job and started on Monday, where he would be on beaker duty, and for that he was grateful.
Scratch that. Sherlock’s heart must be twice its normal speed at this point. With a gulp (and much internal cursing and praising towards the invention of alcohol), he followed John into the bar.
For once, Sherlock doesn’t comment on John’s redundancy. “Yes. Briefly. It was during secondary school, when I was eighteen, and it encompassed my attention that whole summer. This is the same brand, perhaps even the same model. Seeing it… took me by surprise.”
cases without his help before, and he seems to be on the top of his game today, fueled by the past month of inactivity. John settles in for a quiet evening.
He didn’t burst through 221B’s door. Rather, he creaked it open with deliberate slowness, as if he was leaning all of his weight onto it. When he closed it behind him, he leaned against it. Sherlock wanted him to slide down it until only his head was propped, akin to that day nearly three years ago (he had stopped counting by the exacts; he had let it slip to Mrs. Hudson before his death, and all he had earned was a pitying ‘Oh, Sherlock’). John held steady, relatively speaking.
Sherlock Holmes telling him to follow social niceties. Bizarre. Luckily, he didn’t need the reminder. “I can handle having a chat with another bloke, Sherlock. Shall we, now?”
Beneath the digital time was the smaller countdown, bright red and down to seven minutes. As John settled, arms wrapped loosely around his knees, he watched the families usher inside, only to open curtains to watch the incoming light show. Others pulled out lawn chairs, cracking a beer and laughing boisterously with friends. John could see one or two others far off follow his lead, climbing onto their roofs to experience the aurora.
“The woman had seduced a man, convinced him to fall in love with her. From Sherlock Holmes, I’d imagine. He found the both of them in the middle of town and went berserk. From what my grandmother said, Sherlock Holmes ripped the limbs from the man, and began devouring the body.”
“Sherlock Holmes, right?” She said, smiling something conspiratorial. A rush tinged at John’s blood at the name, and he could only mutter his agreement. She continued on. “He’s not a very well-known legend, to be honest; it was only truly popular in our grandparents’ generation. It died off enough so that people our age in the village tend to know of it, but not pay it any mind.”
John scoffed, but finished his plate. Not because Sherlock told him to, mind, but because he really hadn’t eaten all day and he was famished. He finished his second coke along with the rest of his rice, and then slapped down his own card before Sherlock could. If he was going to get bossed around, anyway, he might as well pay for his own meal. Sherlock noticed, of course, but only huffed out a laugh at the display.
. Imagine being this Scott, then, who can smell the chemicals in your blood with just enough focus. Who can pinpoint which Indian restaurant you went to three days ago just by the barely-there scent of turmeric still lingering on your teeth, and what brand it is. Usually it takes making eye contact to focus in on all of these different signals, like picking out an individual from a school of fish, but the process isn’t exactly well-documented, even by me. Imagine being so caught up in this world of yours that you disregard the baser of urges that other people like you experience.
Because Sherlock couldn’t. John could barge in right now and slide into bed without a word, and Sherlock would be at his mercy. It was pathetic, but true.
John was beginning to feel uncertain stirrings in his ribcage, but he swallowed it down. “It’s obvious.”
After a brief moment, long fingers reached down to help John free his arm carefully from his sleeve. John winced, any movement tender, but there wasn’t much time left to go slow. When his shoulder was fully free, Sherlock gasped. His hand darted from John’s skin as if it was a burning stovetop.
Sherlock waved the compliment away, instead nodding pointedly to something off-ring. Taking the hint, John turned to look behind him.
“Understood.” His chair creaked as he began to lean back, their questionnaire over, but John held up one of his hands.
Ahead, there was a figure - Sherlock. The pale of his hands matched the blinding white of the moon, as if he absorbed the light directly from it. He was walking away from John, and as fast as John ran, he just couldn't seem to catch up. He called his name, but Sherlock never acknowledged him. Eventually John awoke in a jolt, damp sheets tangled around his legs and alarm clock blinking 3:48. Troubled, he was unable to sleep again for the night.
Sherlock was a genius through and through, and while he never skipped the chance to call John an idiot, he
“Your car is en route, approximately thirty seconds away,” he drawled. “Don’t bother packing - anything you bring will be confiscated anyway.”
“Yes,” Sherlock voiced. After a beat he heard the front door close gingerly behind him, and the familiar steps up to the level above.
“The data goes towards my work, which as you should realize, affects the human race as a whole,” he challenged. “My, captain, I didn’t realize you were comfortable keeping humanity extinct because of your childish hatred for me. Tell me, are you itching for the Earth to die as well, or am I just assuming?”
, a minor league rugby coach? Well, that certainly heightened his curiosity. “Erm, right. Yeah.” He dropped into the armchair offered to him, the identical one across from him empty. “If you can disclose, can I ask what this is about?”
“Yes. Mycroft is… complicated.” He sounded worried, but his hand was now doing pleasant things in John’s hair, so John kept his eyes closed. “He’s more interested in the outcome of this new blood surrogate than me, at times. I don’t mind being the test subject, not if it means saving innocent lives in the end, and hopefully clearing up the ‘vampire’ name enough to eventually assimilate into society. This substitute works… in a sense. Every month I go into scientific research facilities in Baskerville for the treatment.”
"That's precisely what I'm suggesting," Sherlock said simply. As if an afterthought, he added: "And don't call me Shirley."
Sherlock nods, almost purposefully casual, and turns back to the stove. John hides his face behind the newspaper, and sees that Rosie’s currently gotten the applesauce everywhere but in her mouth. He wills the conversation out of his mind.
ME: In any case, to summarize, I was able to secure the last ‘Barbie’ doll before that wretched woman could snatch it back. Also, it seems as though the end of the world doesn’t excuse those blasted Christmas songs from playing on repeat. That Mariah-something song has been wracking around my brain non-stop for the past hour.
“Excuse us, Mrs. Hudson,” he says, giving her a tight-lipped smile and jerking his head imperceptibly to the side. She huffs but pats John’s arm anyway before puttering off to save Mycroft, from where he’s seated at John’s chair and looking terrified while he holds Rosie as if he’s never seen a baby before. John turns back to the man before him.
He needed to breathe, to take lungfuls of the London air, but he couldn’t be around people right now. If Mrs. Hudson chose right now to enter the flat, John was sure he’d fall into a panic attack. The anger was quickly ebbing away into something rawer, a feeling he could peel away at until painfully exposed. He wasn’t sure that he wanted to ponder on it, at least not right now, so he decided instead to lie down and rest. Somehow. He hadn’t slept in over twenty-four hours – for all he knew, he could have hallucinated this whole damn thing.
Sherlock’s hands were currently beneath John’s shirt, gripping his skin. Was this classified as fun? Sherlock wasn’t exactly an ambassador of the art. But, as the alcohol cleared way to something more daring and, well, stupid, Sherlock realized that this game that they were playing? Two could play at it.
When he pulled it out, he was holding a card. “My number,” he said. John took it carefully. “I have experience with a Holmes, and I know they are… nothing like we’ve ever seen before. If you have any questions, any at all, I’m who you call first, alright?”
Time slowed. The chair tipped so that his back was facing the floor. The ship beneath him roared to life with a violent, bone-deep vibration. John was harshly and forcefully pushed down into the pull of gravity as the great DSE Intrepid took off, the rings releasing a bluish fire as it launched. His fingers were pressed painfully into his thighs, only partially from the g-force.
‘Victim killed by poisonous gas. Covered in a thin film of concentrated chlorine. College student, Lestrade matched him up to a missing person’s case a few weeks back. I found his old flat. Coming? -SH’
not averse, returning in a similar sense of frenzy as he gave himself into his long-dormant desires that were currently bubbling to the surface. When his hands dropped, it was to unbuckle John’s belt with a quick flick of his wrist, and to pop open the button of his jeans.
“Sherlock,” Mike said, attempting to hide the shakiness in his tone. This hadn’t happened before, then, which only furthered John’s fears. “Do I need to call somebody?”
“Yes,” John sighed, grinding his hips up into Sherlock’s arse where he was straddled. For a man as intoxicated as John, he seemed to have no problem maintaining an erection of his own. Sherlock leaned down just enough to brace his hands on John’s shoulders, and he gave another experimental roll of his hips.
“Deployed in 2001,” he murmurs, and then blushes. “I haven’t, er, invaded any privacy or anything of the like, of course. Simple deduction.”
Sherlock chuckled politely, settling on the sofa beside Mary after he finished cleaning the kitchen. Without John here, the mess piled up considerably, yet
A sign passed his eyes in the dying light, weathered with time. Highgate Cemetery. He was in Waterlow Park, he realized with surprise. This graveyard was a stark contrast to the one he visited yesterday morning – much more modern, and much darker than the pleasant clearing in Dartmoor. Almost sinister, here. He remembered vaguely that it was supposedly haunted, but he (possibly) roomed with a vampire – he could handle anything. He still missed the weight of his gun at his back, but he was nothing tonight if not reckless. He walked through the gates without a look back.
They ended up being put into ‘quarantine’, a blindingly white room split into two with a pane of glass in the center. On one shared wall was a huge window, looking out to the ICAM as the sun began to rise. Above the city, the protective dome was nowhere to be seen.
John hummed, and he was too far gone from then on. Would he remember tonight, Sherlock wondered? It wouldn’t be hard to guess if he awoke in his current position, and Sherlock was hardly going to undress him further for bed. With a lasting, uncertain look, Sherlock took his leave and quietly shut the door behind him.
a voice in his head says vaguely, if he had the mind to listen to it. Panicking. He feels like he’s in a school of fish, crowded and devoid of thought, and it’s all too much, he needs to-
Sherlock was knocked hurriedly into the bathroom wall before the door even closed, lips unyielding against his neck and hands already at his fly. John’s stubble dragged against his skin roughly. “Eager, are we?” Sherlock gasped.
to people? Hurt their feelings? Or did my deductions scare you, that I can peel someone apart as if they were nothing more than a piece of fruit? Call me a freak, now, will you? Well,
The call cut off, and when John checked the screen, it seemed as though the phone went dead with it. With a growl, he tossed the cell into one of the bushes before shifting into soldier mode, the one who could sit still for hours in search of the sound of a pin dropping.
John felt a bruise on his shoulder, where something that felt like metal had pushed him out of the way. Something strong, much stronger than human flesh.
John had aligned their erections and was beginning to tug, sucking a bruise into his gorgeously tensed neck. He had to remember this, John thought, if he ever wanted to get the infamous Sherlock Holmes to
“Yes, well,” Sherlock said, trying to keep his mouth from curving at the corners. “I prefer my doctors healthy and at the top of their game, you understand.”
The hills were dark and bathed in milky fog, the only source of light coming from the full moon above the trees. John recognized the scene instantly as the moorlands in Devon county, where he would visit his grandmother during his adolescence. The air was stiflingly humid, even during the nighttime.
John nodded, still wiping the test tube that had already dried fifteen minutes ago. “Right. Garlic?”
“John, is it?” The woman asked, slowing down her jog so she could match his (obviously slower) speed. She was dressed for exercise and slightly winded, her curls tied back into a bun. “It’s Sally, from the second day of training.”
“It’s time,” Sherlock murmured, thumb rubbing John’s hand unabashedly. It wasn’t a question, and John didn’t take it as such.
“Save it,” John interrupted. He kept his eyes closed, but his brows were furrowed. “You're still not wearing a shirt underneath your dressing gown. If I look down, I won't see shoes. I know what I saw.”
“No,” John immediately assures, not even having to check. He could draw his likeness onto a canvas by memory at this point. “You’re still thin as a rail. Your brother’s just trying to get under your skin, successfully I might add.”
She looks at him out of the corner of her eye, cheek twitching when she presses her lips together. “But, I sort of do,” she says, “Don’t I?”
John felt his half-hearted glare turn soft, and he smiled through his palm. “Are you really looking up hangover cures?”
By the time John is dead, many say the percentage will be down to 13%. Before his life is over, freshwater reserves will be barren. This was a simple fact, one that humanity (and others) have come to acknowledge and tolerate, if not accept.
Sherlock slid out of bed and dug into the shoebox beneath his bed. This was a problem that demanded his last supply of cigarettes. He chain-smoked them out the window until dawn.
In an eternal limbo filled with high blood pressure, apparently. He sighs, and when he finds his daughter (who he
“There’s… something I want to try.” He took a step forward, and John felt his heart jump somewhere in his throat when hips brushed his knees. He opened his legs automatically, feeling the coldness come closer and closer to seep through his jeans. A marble hand reached up to brush John’s cheek, like it had earlier, only this time with aimless intent. “Is this… fine?”
“Reflexes still incredibly sharp, then, after all these years,” Mycroft said offhandedly, a look almost resembling pride crossing his otherwise blank features. “That’s the cerebellum, the part of the brain that controls voluntary movement, though that catch was far from voluntary, wasn’t it? And then there’s the part of the brain that is the center for muscle memory itself, which deals with learned automatic and habitual action, though the name escapes me… the ba…?”
Sherlock’s voice is bitter, and he sets his guitar behind him to prop precariously on the desk’s clutter. “I didn’t realize I was so frightening.”
When he plays the guitar with gentle fingers, when he sings with the sweetness of white-gold honey, when he lulls a baby to sleep, when he cries in the night to long-gone threats, when he kisses John as if he’ll never breathe again… John is wading in the ocean, and finds that the water isn’t so terrifying, if he just lets himself drown.
Sherlock paused as he swung his legs off the bed, head cocked in question. He finished the movements slowly. “Pardon?”
The walk back to Stansex was a good twenty minutes, as the cemetery was shared between several towns. John had managed to make the walk there closer to an hour, but he was pleasantly surprised by the way Sherlock had slowed his pace and never tried to rush. Months of walking to Bart’s had strengthened John’s stamina with the cane if not his speed. Luckily, the walk was on a cobblestone pavement that was in relatively good condition.
“So,” Sherlock continues, “Despite countless assurances that Janine was for a case and that absolutely nothing happened with the Woman, and the fact that you’re
“I mean,” he started, narrowly avoiding running into the chair, “That your subconscious has finally come to terms with the rest of your body, relinquishing whatever half-brained attraction you had somehow developed towards me. A human error in the first place, I’m sure.” His words were eloquent despite the drawn-out thickness of his tone.
“I hate doin’ this,” John said eventually, words slurring slightly and voice deep in exhaustion. “I hate that it’s Pad-Pavlovian now, that I can’t have a drink anymore without thinkin’ of you. I shouldn’t be thinkin’ of you. It’s such a-”
He was using Sherlock as a replacement for Afghanistan, after all, so it would be wrong to mind it happening to him. They were both a bit not-good, even from the start.
to laugh at John’s discomfort? Sherlock schooled his features, but even while John glared at him, the taller man couldn’t completely hide the amusement from his eyes.
Sherlock’s hair wasn’t tamed, curls slightly flat against the left side of his head. He noticed John looking, though, and hastily ran his hands through it. “I need to leave,” he eventually said.
Sherlock. Blood-drinking, killing, devouring. Just…” John was hyperventilating, a voice in his head informed him. He was trying to focus, grasping at the disembodied memories from Red Lake, from the story that Mary had told him. From the
John likes to pretend it would’ve been the former, but he’s not too sure. “You’re not insufferable,” he says instead. “I’m still here, after all. I
John grumbled something unintelligible but became hyper-aware of his own legs, how they stretched and bent and pulled without even the smallest twinge of pain, imagined or not. “I was afraid to bring it up earlier,” John admitted. “If I did, it would remind my brain it was forgetting something, and then the limp would be back with a vengeance.”
John was gasping for breath from the adrenaline, but he couldn’t seem to get a hold on the thinning air. His eyes were quickly adjusting to the darkness, so he was able to watch Sherlock scramble towards him and reach into his coat. “Hold on!” Sherlock barked, pulling out some sort of device and clamping it over John’s mouth. Air began rushing into his lungs, bitingly cold.
Sherlock met John’s eyes, much more sober. “They aren’t particularly worried about what happens on Earth, as opposed to what will happen off of it.”
“I’m…” He leaned further, his voice drawing out quietly, at a complete juxtaposition to his words. “I’m awake. I’ve no interest in sleeping, or resting. You…” His voice was utterly defenseless. “You make me want to feel
“We’re both drunk,” John commented without heat. He was doing up his trousers, but he wasn’t avoiding Sherlock’s eyes in the aftermath, oddly comfortable. He met Sherlock’s eyes with an easy smile. “We couldn’t stop ourselves, yeah?”
Sherlock gave a semblance of a smile, and then closed his eyes. It was obvious it was for John’s benefit, and that he’d jump back up the moment he was alone, but John took it in kind and went back upstairs. He slept fitfully that night.
“I overheard that you’re visiting your father’s grave in Devon, for the anniversary of his death. Would you like to have company?”
Hardly believing even his own thoughts, John went on downstairs and cleaned up vomit for the better part of three hours.
John huffed out in a snort, taking off the mask once he was sure his breath had returned. The atmosphere was insufficient to breathe in when under stress, but normal breathing patterns seemed to work fine. He offered the mask to Sherlock, but the man waved it away and stood up to his full height.
“Home,” she says softly. She tilts her head, not quite meeting his eyes. “Sorry. I just mean, you haven’t… moved back in yet?”
to contact Sherlock the following day, even though it was the official move-in day into the Intrepid and he was itching for some company. He had heard the words himself:
Sherlock turns around, dressing gown almost falling off a shoulder and hair disheveled and one hand armed with a wooden spoon, the other clothed in an oven mit. It’s much more adorable than it has any right to be. “No, no, not that,” he says quickly. He points the spoon in John’s direction vaguely, like a fencing sword. “Yesterday. You… You said that there were. Erm. Things. That you needed to work through. Before you could tell me. Did you…?”
Lestrade turned his glare onto him. “I wouldn’t say anything if I were you,” he warned, voice on the brink of becoming a growl. “I know you’re not as innocent in all of this as you seem.”
“Your room is still available,” Sherlock said reluctantly. He rolled off to the side, perspiring skin sticking to the sheets.
he repeats. He puts a hand on John’s shoulder, as if to steady himself, but it only brings him close enough for John to feel his exhale, to smell his sweat, to see the drowsy pull of his pupils that seem to suck away the pale luminescence of his iris like a black hole.
John weighed his chances. If he helped, he would definitely get in trouble. Maybe even put on some sort of probation, if the charge was serious enough. Was it really worth it?
“You? Underestimating me?” He wraps his arms tighter around the taller man, soaking in his warmth. “What a strange and completely new experience. I’m reeling in shock.”
Damn. Damn, damn, damn. Along with the others, John ran to the only window in the hull, located next the exit bay. Sure enough, Sherlock was jogging up to the ship, great black coat over his jumpsuit flying behind him. John quirked his lips at the unexpected appearance, but otherwise felt a sense of unease at his next discovery:
Sherlock, though, didn’t take his eyes off of Molly. “She’s the representative for Sector 11, geoscientific monitoring. We tend to cross our paths time and again, whenever one of us is researching anything regarding the virus. She’s a nice girl, a bit forward at times, and she has a rather large crush on me. She’s our ticket out of here.”
“Buck & Bear?” He asked slowly, blinking away the fog. “What’s that? Some sort of hunting-themed thing?”
Sherlock ducked his head, oddly sheepish, and fluttered back off to the kitchen. John watched after him in brief puzzlement before shaking his head, ready to open up the paper. Instead, Mrs. Hudson chose that moment to come back into the flat with something in her hands.
Sliding into the other empty seat in a flurry, Sherlock braced his forearms onto the table and leaned forward conspiratorially.  “It’s time,” he said in lieu of greeting.
He let himself stay on the floor for a bit longer, hoping to get his breathing back to normal before booting up the next round. He rolled over to his stomach, arms braced beneath him and ready to push up. The mat was cool against his damp forehead, so he couldn’t help but linger more than strictly necessary. A voice broke him out of his reverie.
Sherlock ate his food clinically, chews measured and exact. “I don't think you're easy to deduce, John. Quite the opposite.”
A split second, and then Sherlock shook his head frantically. “No, no, I’m a clone. Like you.” He was too animated to be an AI, John supposed, arms flailing about as he gestured. “I was a clone adopted into a family of AIs in Sector 2. He’s technically my brother.”
“So,” John began, fingers rapping at the table. His left hand was clenched in a fist at his lap, to avoid Sherlock’s wandering eyes noticing the tremor. “What have you been working on all morning?”
it was the most important. Desperately, Sherlock wound his fingers with John’s in their grasp, trying to convey with his body what words were failing to do.
This was how they were meant to be, knowing each other in every way imaginable. Holmes and Watson, John and Sherlock. It felt right, a sense of elation in the release that came and went but was irrefutably there in the first place. In its place was surrender. John was looking at Sherlock with wide, guarded eyes.
Sherlock went faster and mouthed at John’s good shoulder when he finally came, emptying himself into the fire that joined them. A few jerks of his wrist set John off, pulsing around him and groaning out with a beautiful sound Sherlock hadn’t heard in far too long.
“Save it,” John growled, storming down the hallway. Sherlock kept up with him easily, walking as if gliding on air. John couldn’t take it. “Stop that!”
“Just...” John slurred, eyes more black than blue and level with Sherlock’s mouth. He was licking his lips.
And god, was it cold. Freezing, really. For a world so hot and sweltering in the daytime, John’s fingertips were immediately numbing in the presence of such dry, frigid air. “Thanks for the warning,” he said, body braced against the train as it started to gradually speed up. His teeth were beginning to chatter.
“That was an awful attempt at humor, John.” His half-smile said otherwise. John shivered at the sound of his name in that voice. Other than the glitch earlier, Sherlock was lively this morning, all long strides and rapid movements. He still wore the surgical mask, but it didn’t seem to bother him any.
Sherlock? John carefully swung his legs over the bed, sliding his socked feet quickly into his trainers. The doors opened automatically with a hiss, and John winced at the sudden noise. Another hiss soon followed.
There was a pause, obviously Mycroft’s surprise. He didn’t know whether it was from Sherlock’s words, or the fact that he had voiced them. “In that he replies with anger where you would with forgiveness, when dealing with the other,” he corrected hesitantly. Mycroft was hardly ever hesitant. “I wouldn’t be so sure about your answer, Sherlock. Raw fury and seeming hatred can be just as telling as open arms.”
promised a spot on the ship. Though, the way the captain was acting, it didn’t seem like the choice was in his hands.
Oh, thank god they understood. Hurriedly, men in protective suits rushed into the room, maneuvering Sherlock into his own suit. The process wasn’t long, and while John understood it was necessary, he couldn’t think anything more eloquent than to
“Oh, John,” he (it) greeted, muting the television on an old sitcom. “Good, you’re back. Tomorrow morning, there’s a fascinating little-“
A pause, and then his charmingly vulnerable features went harsh again, upper lip curling as if to snarl. Without a look back, he braced an iron arm around John’s shoulders and bodily dragged him through the open gate. Parked haphazardly in front of Highgate’s entrance was the jeep, still running, and John was practically stuffed into the passenger seat as if his struggles were as insignificant as a child’s. Sherlock was in the driver’s seat in a flash and the car fishtailed out onto the main road. Horns blared behind them.
“They connected the training facility to the warehouse beside it, since we won’t be requiring day-long training anymore,” Sherlock said absently, scrolling through his phone without much interest. His eyes nearly looked white from the screen’s reflection. “We’ll just take the walkway there, no need for a car. Though I suspect my brother gave in to appearances and had himself driven there,” he had to add with a bite in his tone. He still wasn’t in good graces with Mycroft, for a reason John never precisely figured out.
One strum along the strings, the chord Sherlock’s made something slightly blue. John tries again, from the bottom this time, and feels a smile tugging at his lips when the result is actually pleasant. He’s never been much of a musician, save for a year as last chair playing clarinet, but he can see the appeal, now. “I like it. ‘S nice.”
“I need-” John began, locking his hands into dark curls and breath puffing in hot air. He tried to draw their mouths together, but Sherlock resisted with an instinct he hated with a passion at that moment.
“... Usually men can’t figure out interior design even if the instructions were a picture book, and here there’s
John forcibly pushed himself against the wall to jar him from those memories, eyes closing in defeat and head thumping painfully. That hopeless feeling unfurled again, the physical ache in his chest that seemed to hint at dread, but as per usual John swallowed it down.
The feel of wind, a metal vice on his shoulder, and suddenly John was slammed into the curb head-first. A crowd of people surrounded him, more by the second, and he heard a familiar baritone yell: “Stand back! BACK! I swear, if one of – yes, yes, call the emergency line! All fourteen of you, maybe if you annoy them enough they’ll send the ambulance faster.” The voice again, gentler: “John, can you hear me? You’re- You’re bleeding. Quite a lot. Can… I’m not a doctor, John. Answer me!”
John bites his lip to hide a smile and snatches the glass back, saying, “What, not going to take the piss out of that one?”
baby. They paint a nice picture, he thinks, all smiles in front of the fireplace and the mantel’s twinkling lights, and when Sally sees him, her expression schools itself into something much more dignified.
They stare, and John sways closer, and Sherlock swallows, and John follows the line of his throat that’s somehow gotten a speck of glitter on it, right on the Adam’s apple. He...
John Watson, in response, was a straightforward man. Emphasis (usually) on the ‘straight’, mind you.
Sherlock’s face twisted into a half-hearted grimace, and god help him, even with wrinkled chins and a scrunched-up nose John still thought he was tremendously beautiful. His baritone was careful. “You… you’ve been in the army.”
The door downstairs closed, and the flat fell into a deafening quiet. Sherlock stood with a pop and wandered over to the mantel, brushing his fingers over the layer of dust. Somewhere in there, John’s skin cells remained. “The worst is never over,” Sherlock muttered to the skull.
He devolved into a string of gibberish, until John realized that he was giving sailors a run for their money in either Russian or a very aggressive dialect of French. His face was still murderous, but he wasn’t warring with ‘the monster within’ anymore, the revelation seeming to ground him to the present and away from swerving around and ripping out a line of throats. But still… something didn’t add up.
“Pleasure to meet you,” he rumbled breathlessly, before tugging John forward with a jerk and crushing their lips together.
Sherlock scoffs. “Hardly. We never even… Only the most generous of definitions could call what we had even a ‘relationship’. Love was never in the equation for him.”
“Classified business,” Sherlock replied smoothly, voice betraying nothing and face the absolute model of expressionless. “I’m sure Mycroft will fill you in.”
Mycroft goes to stand under the cover of Speedy’s, his beloved umbrella nowhere in sight. John watches him carefully, expectantly, like Mycroft’s a viper planning to strike at any moment, but it’s like the man doesn’t even know he’s there. He pulls out a cigarette and lights it, taking a slow drag that mingles with the frost of normal winter’s exhale. It’s silent for a moment.
Fortunately, on one mid-October morning, Sherlock’s mobile rings a familiar ringtone. He immediately taps it on speaker and drops it unceremoniously to John’s lap.
had Sherlock used John’s razor to shave the hair off a decapitated head (the poor sod was a redhead and John came home to a bald scalp and ginger hairs in his blades).
Sherlock passed right by the main road that would take them back to Baker Street, headed southeast instead in the direction of Canary Wharf. “Your scent,” he clipped.
Though, to be completely fair, John builds up this ‘popular belief’ himself with his constant denials over anything that strays away from strictly heterosexual; Sherlock, at least, was correct about that. Ella Thompson said that this is due to internalized shame from a homophobic household, after he had disclosed the absolute chaos from Harry’s coming out. Ella also said that she wanted him to shed out of his comfort zone, to release the preconceived notions his father had thrust upon him and, oh, to try going to a place with a distinct homosexual setting to see if any of it appealed to him.
There was his reason. When the door closed, Sherlock ground the heels of his palms into his useless eye sockets and couldn’t control the sob spilling from his throat, utterly uncalled for.
As Molly scurried away, Sherlock tossed John goggles, an apron, and elbow-length rubber gloves, rolling over a metal cart topped with the most intimidating medical instruments possible. He wordlessly handed John a bone saw. John swallowed, looked at the body, and then looked back up to Sherlock.
She made a vaguely happy noise in response. Time had done nothing but amplify Mary Morstan’s beauty, her looks now more mature than they were, once upon a time. Her pretty blonde hair was short, and she wore a floral jumper with jeans. She smelled nice. He was, in a sort of immature way, still happy that she was shorter than him, if just barely. She pulled back to press a kiss to his cheek.
The room was modest, the furniture well-crafted but not flashy. Dropping his things onto the bed closest to the door, John scrubbed a hand over his face as Sherlock inspected the room service menu with little interest. It was nearing on five, and while Plymouth had much to offer, John was wrung out from the drive.
Sherlock heaved a sigh at having to repeat himself. “I’ve just told you about my own gift; I’ve never told anyone else, you know. My brother had ordered men to kill you, which means that you know too much.” His eyes flashed against the road. “I would like to hear your findings.”
“I’m always eager to help with the Yard’s cases as long as it isn’t a waste of my time,” Sherlock said offhandedly, scratching at the dried mud on his sleeve and thanking the gods he hadn’t worn his Belstaff today. He nudged John lightly. “Come on, John, let’s head home. I’m in need of a shower.”
“You’re forty-two, though you tell everyone you’re in your early thirties. You dye your hair that horrendous shade of auburn, thinking it looks natural, but the dye is too cheap and blotchy to fool anybody. You’re attempting to lose those last ten pounds of fat, telling yourself that it’s baby weight, except that your youngest is already in school and you enjoy the way cake tastes, in fact you had it yesterday at dinner. What was the occasion? A birthday, perhaps? It was your husband’s, but he was too busy sleeping with the secretary – how absolutely
John had a take a moment to fully process what he just watched, and then he openly grinned. “That’s brilliant!”
This part of the cemetery was unfamiliar, but essentially the same as the rest of it. Why he was following orders from the man (Sherlock’s bloody brother!) who had hired people to kill him, he hadn’t the faintest. All he knew was that the paths were clearly marked, and while there were no signs pointing to where the exit was, it was easy enough to guess. The smaller walkways all forked into the larger ones, again and again – following this formula, he’d eventually make it back to the entrance he came in from in the first place.
It was like dragging his hands down hard-packed snow, and John felt those dark, murderous eyes flick up to his face.
She blinked at him a few times, before turning back to her screen. Was she an AI? John felt a touch of alarm, before he caught the flush of pink in her cheeks. Clone, then.
“John? Are you listening to me?” Sherlock asked, too loud and baritone much too deep in John’s skull.
“I’m sorry?” John asked. What would he have to say, when the man beside him was infinitely more interesting?
Just as Sherlock had predicted, Lestrade was waiting for them right as they entered. And, to absolutely no one’s surprise, he was furious.
John leaned against the window that separated them, elbow to the glass wiping tears from his eyes. “That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done, I’d think.”
In front of him, propped up beside the door with a fine layer of dust clinging to its strings, is an acoustic guitar.
“Yeah,” John replied instead, voice falsely light. With a terse nod, he turned back to Mike. “Well, thank you for letting me know what an utter
John had almost forgotten that Sherlock was behind him. Almost. “Oh, Mary, this is my flatmate… er, William Scott.” Despite the slight hitch, he played it off well enough. As if for the first time, Mary noticed that John wasn’t alone.
“John,” Sherlock couldn’t help but murmur, head dropping until his cheek pressed against the other man’s temple. John’s hands bumped over both cocks to spread hot precum, before gripping again with increasing speed. His wrist twisted at the top, and Sherlock bucked his hips.
Then he was tugging at Sherlock’s sleeve and wrapping his arms around his middle, burying his face into his chest. He was like ice whenever Sherlock returned the embrace, achingly careful at the privilege of such intimacy, and then it was water unfurling from a dam whenever John let out a pained little sound, hands tightening at Sherlock’s back.
“Your eyes,” John said almost worriedly, pushing closer to get a better look. Those same eyes widened in surprise, but didn’t move away from John’s scrutiny. “They’re… they’re silver.” John knew that they were pitch black in color and in anger, the last time they'd met. Now, it was a color so pale it nearly faded into the rest of him.
“Why bother?” John teases, gesturing down to Sherlock’s pajama-bottoms-and-tee-clad frame, dressing gown long since shed in his restlessness. “You look perfectly decent to me. Just slide on some slippers and a scarf, and you’ll be ready to go.”
He squeezed the phone between his shoulder and ear, but nothing could stop the cane from falling over, his hands grappling thin air. He cursed lightly under his breath. “Yeah, and ‘fine’ is my answer to that. Really. Mum already offered, and my answer was the same. I’ve already got a flat, anyways.” With a sharp jab with his good knee, the door opened. John shuffled the cane inside and kicked the door back closed.
“Right,” he said slowly. “Okay. Er, Sherlock, have you had anything interesting happen lately? How’d that case go the other week, the one with the cornfield?”
“Oh yeah, sure. Go to the doctor who can’t figure out how to work the bloody scanner to tell you if you have flesh-eating bacteria or just a rash.”
Sherlock ignored that, eyes drinking in what they can from John’s appearance. “You’ve lost a half-stone in the two weeks since the ordeal,” Sherlock commented. “You need to eat more.”
“Oh, John,” he said, pulling out a box. “You’re joining me?” He tapped the carton against his palm, pulling out the extended cigarette with his teeth, and lit it up.
“Oh! Sorry, John, I wasn’t paying much attention.” She was scatterbrained as ever, but without Sherlock there distracting her, she was much more leveled. John picked up the file she dropped and handed it to her with a smile.
“We’re done here,” Sherlock said, annoyance in his voice. But that didn’t mean anything, he was annoyed most times.
John blinked slowly, confused but trying not to make the girl even more anxious. “There’s a banquet?”
His friend was already walking away. “I can handle myself, John,” he shot over his shoulder, though it was more playful than rude. With a snort, John spun on his heel towards the cardio machines to begin on his own exercises.
Inside the restaurant, no one even glanced down to notice that Sherlock was barefoot, everyone too busy staring in wonderment at his face. “Table for two, please. Somewhere a bit private if you don’t mind.”
Mary laughed a kind sound. “Oh, no, don’t worry about it. Wake up in Guatemala with matching tattoos, it won’t bother me. Just make sure he has fun and gets back to me in one piece, yeah? Oh, and preferably a small tattoo, if need be.”
Another drag.“... And if I am?” Sherlock said carefully, looking determinedly out to the skyline. John’s humor fell as quickly as it had came, and he thought of that night weeks ago, when Sherlock fell into John’s chest and gave a heartfelt confession, not of love but of something else, of something much more vulnerable. Before John could even think up a reply, a cab pulled up by the curb.
The wound in his shoulder, freshly-healed, was throbbing. His left thigh was throbbing. His dominant hand, clenched in his lap, was throbbing. Everything was throbbing and it had become so normal that John couldn’t think clearly without the pain anymore. With the lightest of groans under his breath, John attempted to change his train of thoughts before it dived into his daddy issues or his increasing fondness for beer. Might as well throw in his blurry heterosexuality while he’s at it.
John pretended to ponder it, though it was mostly him staring at nothing since he was so far gone. “Yes,” he eventually gurgled from his cramped position.
RJ slowly came back online, eyes turning unsure and hands moving his ship carefully onto the floor. John supposed that robot-like trance was some sort of protective technique when emotions (if they could be called that) spiked too high to handle. RJ cleared his throat.
John feels like he’s in the bloody ‘Sound of Music’, but it’s fine. It’s all fine. Their friends are happy and singing off-key and swaying against each other, still nursing the freshly-poured champagne they’re saving for the first few seconds after midnight. Mike’s one of the ones singing along, and he leans too far into John’s space to jostle him expectantly. John rolls his eyes, but adds in, reluctantly,
Sherlock had said, unwinding himself and getting to his feet, shedding the perfect impersonation of intoxication in less than a second. He looked down with a smile.
Someone squeezes past them to get into the kitchen, nudging them closer, and the only thing that keeps them from pressing together is the glass of eggnog between their chests. John holds onto it for dear life. “Oh, I don’t know,” Sherlock murmurs, “I quite like how short you are.”
“This isn’t going to be easy,” Captain Greg Lestrade of the DSE Intrepid stated, strolling down the walkway between both lines of evenly-spaced crewmen. His voice bellowed in the quiet. “I’ve been easy the last couple of days, let the record show, only giving out simple exercises to get you nice and loose for our remaining month together. That ends now.”
“What song is it, then?” Sally asks, but Sherlock’s already playing. It’s complicated and rhythmic, played in a wistful key that reminds John of the rainforest, or of rain in general, pattering down on the ground with the same softness as the finger-plucked strings. John’s never heard of him play it before, and he wouldn’t be surprised if he hasn’t; the genius can play what he hears without practice.
“Relation,” he repeated. He cleared his throat awkwardly and tried not to let his words betray anything negative. “Are you an AI, then?”
Information could be uploaded into the brain via the Neuron-chip, but not necessarily retained. If John wanted to learn, say, German, the chip couldn’t upload it directly into fluency, but it could provide lessons that John would have to diligently follow. So, as it began launching information about proper stance and fighting technique, John could feel himself becoming properly bored.
“It… was brought up in conversation, yes,” John said slowly, leaning back in his chair. He stuffed the card in his pocket without a second thought. “Any reason for the visit?”
Second on the list: Sherlock Holmes never slept. Never. Not even once has John seen the man catch a wink of sleep, and John spends majority of his time in the actual flat. He sees him lie on the couch for hours on end, eyes closed, but he knew better than to think that Sherlock was actually dozing. His breaths, while even, always seemed
“I…” He breathed, eyes dropping to John’s mouth and forehead leaning in to brush against John’s, “That is, I…” He fluttered his eyes closed, his nose slotting beside John’s, “You…”
“Sherlock, let him go,” John ordered, hands wringing at Sherlock’s to release the wheezing attacker. Well, at this point, the attackee. While John could appreciate the good revenge story, he wasn’t about to sit and watch a man die in front of him. When it became obvious that no amount of prying could ease the hold, John bit his cheek and tried a different tactic.
“No!” She cries, batting him away while John bombards her with smacking kisses. The music falters again, and John glances up. Sherlock’s looking at him in a way he never has before, like how John knows he himself looked that day in that little café off Camden’s Passage, when his feelings for the man (whatever they may be) threatened to crash over him like the murky Atlantic. John’s tired of losing himself in his confusing, anxiety-ridden thoughts over it all, so he instead just grins.
Making up his mind, John swoops in, apron and all, to gather Rosie into his arms. She squeals while he swings her back and forth, her feet dangling as they dance in an almost cartoonish version of the waltz.
“Oh, thank god!” He exclaimed, swinging his feet over the edge of the bed. “Remember the last time I was there? Your mum thought I pissed the bed, my sweat drenched the sheets so bad.”
She narrows her eyes, but a smile threatens at her lips, so John’s fairly sure he’s in the clear. She looks back down at Rosie to murmur in a way even more gentle than Sherlock, and then nods her head towards the man in question. “How’s the fr- Holmes, by the way? With all of this? I’d ask, but that’d mean we were on friendly terms.”
John blinked his eyes open, shaking out his drowsiness. With the adrenaline crash, full stomach, and dreamlike quality of conversation, it really was easy to fall into sleep. “Mainly my abdomen. More aches than anything, and I’m thinking a bruised rib.” He rubbed at his eyes. “Really, Sherlock, this is what I
John pursed his lips, and set his glass down at the counter. “Come on, at least try for a kip on the sofa.” Sherlock let him touch his arm, and John still could hardly swallow the shock of frigid skin under his fingers, hard like a stone. How long had Sherlock been sitting directly below the vent? Arms careful and legs bracing despite his limp, John did his best to lie the man down on the couch, covering him with one of Mrs. Hudson’s quilts.
So, John promptly switched therapists and then nearly died. Maybe that was destiny telling him to get his arse into gear.
He thinks of the pool. He thinks of Mrs. Hudson after those Americans had tied her up. He thinks of the rooftop, Sherlock’s hand stretched and grief clear over the phone, of the tears so unlike any disguise he’s ever put on.
“Quite,” Sherlock replies, fiddling with a 3D puzzle in his hands. Rosie is entertaining herself with a bundle of straws. Sherlock suddenly looks up, eyes narrowing at John in that familiar, thoughtful way that should be more unnerving than it is. “What did you buy for me?”
Rosie allows herself to be hugged and kissed on the forehead, only for a moment. Before long she is pushing away from John, intent to toddle her way to the bookshelf beside the fireplace. He feels Sherlock’s eyes on the side of his face.
RJ’s eyes were as wide as they could go, meeting John’s with intensity too old for a boy of just ten years. “There’s too much energy. We can’t make energy too much anymore, but there’s a ginormous bunch of energy that supplies everything. Where is it coming from?”
"Hm," John hummed, amusement tickling his stomach as he glanced around back at the station, watching the tram’s doors unfold. The phrase was vaguely familiar. "I would have thought you to be above pop culture references."
Sherlock’s grin was wolf-like. “He donated his body to science,” as if that was answer enough. “How fast can you sever all four of his limbs? I’m assuming you’re a bit out of practice.”
It was quiet outside, early Sunday mornings not yet yielding much traffic. He was frustrated at the world for not being louder, as at least that would make some sort of sodding
“Not now, Sherlock, I have errands.” Grabbing his keys and stuffing them in his pocket, he gave Sherlock one last glare before shuffling down the stairs. He was getting better with his cane, but the damn thing still made it hard to make a dramatic exit.
John giggled again, louder this time. Sherlock added that to the mental tally of times he’s made John laugh since he’d came back. The list was far too small.
“You’re around blood on a daily basis, though, what with the labs and those crime scenes you go to.”
She nodded lightly, knee jumping as her fingers flew across the keyboard. Sherlock must be more to her than a pretty face, then, if she was this excited about it. “Yes, you will be going to Chem Lab 4 instead, with Sherlock. He made it explicitly clear that you assist him.” There was an odd glint in her eye, appraising John in a new light, but she didn’t say anything more. With a nod, John went on his way. When he reached the lab, he held his breath before shuffling through the door.
Sherlock straightened his jacket, shaking himself into the present and quirking his mouth with something bittersweet. “In the flesh.”
John felt his brow dip, unable to mask his concern, but he didn’t want to overstep any boundaries with further coddling. He settled for an awkward pat on the knee. “Yeah, alright. Don’t mention it.”
John sits back up in his chair, and at the look on his friend’s face he suddenly wishes he could ruffle his hair without looking like a lovesick fool. As it is, he’s not doing much better. “You… you don’t seem to realize that you have an even bigger heart than I do. That hardly means I have the brain, obviously you have enough for the both of us, just.” He scratches at the back of his neck, embarrassed. “I’m shit at this, you know. You’ve been a saint about all of this, of the baby crying in the middle of the night and the diaper runs and being, frankly, the best godfather a bloke could ask for. I just thought… I should return the favor, is all. For being, well, you.”
The water was getting cool, so they hurriedly finished washing up, sharing Sherlock’s expensive soap. “You love me,” John said finally, almost deliriously happy.
He was hammered. His eyes were hazy and body swung, and he only had enough mind to hang up his Belstaff before stumbling further towards the room, all legs while he swayed. He was looking at John with utmost attention in such a state, the most he’s given in nearly a month. John didn’t blame him for the ignoring, but it still felt achingly wonderful to feel those sharp eyes on him once again, at whatever capacity.
“Oh, it’s official now, isn’t it? When’s the wedding?” His smile is unnerving as he gracefully disrobes his outer coat. John wants to throttle him. Sherlock takes the coat from him with a too-wide smile, leaning out the door to toss it right back out onto the landing.
Right. John was just getting ready to give up, already sitting to his own meal, before Sherlock heaved a dramatic sigh and flung the book off to the side. Never taking his annoyed glare off of John, he pushed the too-red pill between his lips and chased it with water, and then speared the pasta with his fork. There was a slight grimace on his face, as if the action of eating disgusted him, and with infinite grace he shovelled ravioli after ravioli into his mouth. He chewed methodically and forcefully, his jaw popping from disuse, and when the plate reached exactly half of its original content, Sherlock dropped his fork and pushed it all away.
There are sounds of agreement, and the living room shrinks with the weight of their guests’ curiosity, bodies circling tighter in anticipation of something new. Sherlock looks to John as if to say ‘help me’, eyes widening and teeth slightly bared in emphasis, but John just shrugs good-naturedly. “The people want a show,” he says. “We are the hosts, after all.”
John felt like his lungs were rubbed raw, yet he kept taking harsh, gasping breaths as his feet scrambled the canyon wall for purchase. Blood ran down his arms, his palms cut to shreds from tightening his grasp on the sharp rocks. The rising sun behind him was making itself known.
John closed his eyes, body wobbling from inebriation as he reached up to fist his hand into Sherlock’s shirt at his chest. “You know why I’m here,” he said quietly.
“Yes?” Sherlock drawled, pajama bottoms on and chest bare save for his dressing gown. John didn’t have the patience to ogle. Sherlock was seated at the table with one of John’s slippers, a mealworm wriggling along the sole.
these things, these relationship labels or sentiment or… John. He didn’t want John, he had made that perfectly clear since day one.
By the time the vial was nearly half full, the sky was a musky violet and the air seemed just chilly, rather than the freezing it was before. “Sherlock…” John called uncertainly. His breath wasn’t fogging up anymore.
Sherlock spun them around at that, awkward and bony but successful when he got John underneath him and pressed their foreheads together. His hands reached up to trail at the emerging wetness on John’s cheeks, gentle as his hips pushed and pulled. “John,” he whispered, cradling his face. “John, John, John.”
John felt a shivering hand press back lightly against his skin, this time against his forehead. When he looked up, he saw Sherlock’s eyes as wide as saucers as he studied John’s body with renewed fervor. His lips were parted, and his face looked years younger in the worst of ways, like an unsure child.
ME: I see. I’ll just have to give you one, then. ‘Baskerville’ is a bit tedious to type, and ‘AI’ might cause confusion in conversation.
His silver eyes closed, just briefly this time, before training back on the road. “No,” he admitted, “But it’ll have to do. For now.”
Sherlock turns and strolls down the hall, pale scars on his back just catching the light. “How do I look now, John?” he questions, delightfully playful.
Understanding dawns behind Sherlock’s eyes, and his mouth shapes John’s name without sound. Unsteadily, John lifts his hands to let them rest on Sherlock’s thighs, and the muscles beneath his fingers flutter.
“That maybe,” he continued, “Doctor Watson was not quite as thrilled to see you as you were to see him?”
John smiled helplessly back. “Of course I do. I’m still surprised that you never figured it out, I thought I was being painfully obvious.”
ME: Regardless, without a machine’s precision, human cloning might delay itself much too far. What do we have left to lose?
ME: Yes. You know, a name. My name is Sherlock. My landlady’s name is Mrs. Hudson. I have a friend named George Lestrade. And then there's Jo
Sherlock looks up and grins at him, the same grin as before, like the clouds part just for light to fall across his cheeks. The lightest bit of perspiration tufts his curls out of place, dampens the fabric under his armpits, and John can’t imagine looking away. His heart picks up into double-time. His breathing becomes shallow.
Inside the exit bay, John dropped the rope with a huff and searched around for the switch to the exterior doors. The first set slid closed behind him, and locked.
John was already fading into the crowd, and with a start Sherlock watched hands already reach out to grope. John didn’t seem to notice, let alone mind. Torn between staying out of sweaty, sticky bodies and becoming well-acquainted with them, Sherlock reluctantly had to choose the latter when he watched John grope someone back.
How did I not see it?” He ground his brother’s hand into his hair, crushing it to his scalp in anguish. “I couldn’t protect him, Mycroft. And now he has to protect himself against the person he shouldn’t
At work, the scent of blood seemed to cling to John’s clothes as more and more people piled in to donate. He had never been bothered by the smell, being a doctor and all, but Sherlock alerted something about it that morning. As he drew the next donor’s pint, he felt himself practically tasting the salt-and-copper tang of her blood at the back of his tongue. He scrunched his nose, feeling a tad green. The woman he was drawing from gave him an odd look. John, awkward as ever, patched her up early and sent her on her way.
Sherlock’s steadily watching him back. Something’s growing between them, John’s acutely aware, nearly a decade in the making but only recently gaining awareness, and moreso poignancy. Like years of build-up coming to a fruition, a dam after a flood that’s been aching to break. He doesn’t know how much more water it can take before something gives, and what happens then? If this
Which brings John to his next point: Sherlock Holmes was completely blind in his deduction when it came to John.
Oh, yeah. The Galactic Gala was classy to the extreme, but the after party that was thrown seemed to be anything but. God, but it was fun. John wasn’t decided on if the hangover was worth it or not, but the vague memory of Sherlock slurring his words and batting off prospective dance partners with a stick
The smile grew. “Wonderful. Whenever possible, please schedule John Watson to assist me during my reserved times.”
Namely, one. It was in the familiar moors of his childhood, the setting that frequently made an appearance whenever he closed his eyes for too long. It wasn’t nighttime, though; rather, it was the time right before sunrise but after the night began to let up, when the sky was a dusky palette of colors wide across the horizon. Twilight.
Sherlock stops playing, melody unresolved. Somebody turns up the telly on BBC to the crowds of people at the riverside of the Thames, all flashing colors and whistles and celebration. John wasn’t expecting midnight to come this fast. Sherlock stands, sets the guitar off to the side, and suddenly they’re upon each other, John’s breathing unsteady and quickening by the second. Air, he needs air-
There it is, like tugging out a stray hair from the root. The pain is sharp and oh-so-welcome. Sherlock’s hands spasm on John’s face, and he stammers, “I… yes. The same.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, annoyed that John wasn’t catching on quicker. He jabbed a finger towards himself, eyebrows high and expectant. “Biomedical engineering. The reason clone lifespans now average 107 years, and cancer is, for the most part, obsolete. As of late, I’ve been toying around with a temporary delay in the virus’s increasing reach. It isn’t much, but it might buy the Earth a few more years at the most, if given the funding and proper application. I need to take air and lung samples outside of the dome. Only, it’s deemed too hazardous for the crew to leave, so I wouldn’t be able to get clearance.”
“Then let me make this easy to understand, kid.” He started at the word, understandably, but John plowed on. “Somewhere in the hull, there is a man with a severed finger who’s neuron-chip detected that he needed medical assistance and alerted the COM, which happens to be me. Now, I could have slept for an extra hour, but that was taken away from me. Do you think that I would come down here from a mistake?”
Now, the dome liked to play the whistle of nonexistent wind and the chirp of long-extinct birds. Despite himself, John scoffed beneath his breath.
Sherlock’s jaw tenses, and he turns his head to look back out the window, where the snow is beginning to fall again. His hands are braced tightly around the guitar as if he’s ready to heave it away. “Then what are we talking about, John?”
“Yes, an insurmountable one.” John takes a sip of water, perches it on the hard curve of his knee. “Fortunately, the title has since been passed on to me.”
“Hey Sherlock,” he greeted, peeking into his own room. It was expectedly small, only enough room for a twin bed, a nightstand, and a thin wardrobe. There was a porthole just above the bed, though, which John would definitely take advantage of. He glanced back to Sherlock. “So you’re room 111, yeah?”
John scowled at that, but pushed himself up further into something more comfortable. “No, no it’s not.” He could’ve leveled Sherlock with one of his no-nonsense stares, but he preferred to just close his eyes against the harsh lights. “How did you get to me so fast?”
Upstairs, his daughter sleeps. It’s not something that’s going to work forever, this arrangement, but it’ll have to do for now. The decision made the most financial sense; Mary’s death meant their income had taken a nosedive, and she had never taken out life insurance. The government doesn’t often help those with stolen identities.
For example, he had forgotten his keys somewhere on the rugby field, so the door to his home unlocked itself to the touch of his hand. John looked up as the dome above the neighborhood began to light itself, the sun almost fully beneath the horizon. The time blinked 19:59. John watched it turn to 20:00 before heading inside.
After a moment, she began. “There are a lot of legends on Dartmoor, as you know. The main one that people know of are the hounds. There’s a whole Wikipedia article for sightings of the hounds, the ghostly black dogs that suck the energy from the trees. All nightmare rubbish. Stansex was built off of the myth, at first as a protection from the dogs. If everything was built from stone, where would the hounds draw their energy? ‘Town of stone’, Stansex means, meaning that it was claimed land. There were never any sightings of any of the various myths in the village, hounds or otherwise. Never any trouble.
“Dumpsters?” For a DI, Lestrade seemed eternally in a state of confusion. “Sherlock, do you remember what we talked about? About how you should talk through your reasoning so it doesn’t look like my unit is pulling convictions out the arse?"
“God!” John repeated, unable to help it. “That was, what, nearly three days ago? How are you even still on your feet?”
“Of course not,” Dimmock backtracked quickly. He turned to the overseer. “Try and find the captain.”
“Yes, thank you,” Sherlock said, swinging the door closed. He eyed the officer beside the door, a pretty woman who already seemed acquainted with Sherlock, if the glare on her face was enough to go by. “The door locks, if you’d like to join him,” he said in faux innocence.
He felt ridiculous. More than ridiculous. John was a firm advocate of the physicality of the world, a doctor of man and a believer in the human body. He shouldn’t be thinking the thoughts he was having.
“Actually, no. I’m not a ‘living thing’, remember?” He stood at that, crossing over to John in several gliding strides. “I don’t have a heartbeat, not anymore, and there’s no weapon alive that could penetrate my skin, save for those belonging to my own kind. Would you like to feel for my pulse?”
“Would you like to engage in that tradition?” He closes his eyes, the barest falter of emotion before opening them back up and closing off his face once more. “With me?”
It continued, and while John regretted it later, the words blurred together until nothing was intelligible, the blood rushing past his ears much too loud. Outside the window, the ring shifted until it was parallel to the ground while the ship’s body stayed stationary, and Sherlock was carried out.
Sherlock flops over on himself, somehow emerging upright on the floor in the whirlwind move. With the hintings of a sly smile, he maneuvers around the coffee table while tugging his shirt over his head, bunching up the ratty tee before pelting it in John’s direction. John barks a laugh, snatching it away from his face. The fabric is still warm. Rosie babbles sheep noises in delight from beside him.
John Watson has been in love twice before in his entire life; once, with a perfectly normal woman who had built him up from the ashes she had found him in, and then had (of course) revealed herself to be a dangerous assassin right before getting herself killed.
John rolled his eyes, attempting to look over Sherlock's shoulder while still keeping himself (somewhat) hidden. "Well,
John looks at him for a long moment, still, and then nods. “Okay,” he agrees, and then lugs up his bag to his lap.
John stared at Sherlock’s face as he prodded John’s abdomen, memorizing the layout and symmetry of the man’s features. The long, elegant neck that curved into shoulders that were surprisingly broad, considering the slenderness of the rest of his body. The oddly invigorating mixture of feminine and masculine – lithe dancer’s fingers and milky skin, met toe-to-toe with a prominent brow and a jawline that could cut glass, running parallel with cheekbones that could do the same. His scent, his voice, his-
“It’s gotten better,” John defended, even as he nearly tripped over the slightly-peeling carpet. He glared at it, as if it was there solely to taunt him. “Really. Plus it’s cheap, and army pension isn’t accommodating. The Moorgate rail lets off close here, shouldn’t take you longer than an hour.”
“I like any songs about scientists, John, regardless of the artist. This one happens to fit the bill. See, it’s right there in the title.”
John’s eyes this close were cobalt blue and hazy from his inebriation, unfocused on Sherlock’s eyes but suddenly and obviously enrapt when they dropped to his mouth. Sherlock could feel the other man’s heat against his skin and he felt his heart throb which much more force than usual.
that he feels something for Sherlock beyond the bounds of friendship, so how the hell can he expect to tell the man himself? Where does that leave him?
That damned half-smile. “I’ll show you the next sunny day, bring you somewhere private. Why do you think I choose to live in London? It’s June, and yet I can count the perfectly cloudless days in the past several months with two hands.”
Why was he being so unabashedly kind? Usually he would keep his gentle nature subtle, and then cover it with an insult to save face. Now, John’s heart was throbbing with such ferocity that he’s sure Mrs. Turner’s married ones next door could hear it. He tried to shift the focus. “What do you dream about?”
“10… 9… 8…” The community counted collectively, as if it was New Year’s Eve. John only laid back, the sky now a deep navy and the stars as brilliant as they had ever been in humanity’s brief history. The dome disconnected itself from the power source, leaving only the clear glass to protect against the flares. When the first wave hit, the green-blue ribbons against the glass caused John’s very chest to vibrate, and families to cheer.
RJ glanced over to look at the man across the room as well, but when John followed his gaze, Sherlock was gone.
“Mmm,” Sherlock replied, head shaking. He was close, anyway. It’s been years since he’d even felt arousal; his hand vs. someone else’s hand didn’t really make a difference at this point. With a shudder and a heavy exhale, he came over John’s comforter and floor. When he glanced up, John was watching him with wide eyes.
John took a moment to tilt his head back to the ceiling, huffing out a resigned breath. Then he faced ahead, straightened his shoulders, and stormed into the group.
He wanted John like this, the John never shown to the public. The harsh and wanting thing, the one that called himself straight and fucked Sherlock into the table with abandon. When John reached around to circle Sherlock’s cock, both were not far from release. In the end, Sherlock wasn’t even finished coming whenever John gave his last thrust.
Eventually, when he can find his feet again, he shuffles back into the sitting room and strikes up an aimless conversation with Sarah. He’s still holding the eggnog like it’s the only thing keeping him grounded to Earth.
Lestrade sensed it too, and he nodded, appearing satisfied. “Right, then.” He glanced at John, but Mycroft beat him to the punch.
There was something unnerving about being outside on land so flat, that he could spot the slight curvature of the Earth over the incredible distance he could see. But there was no use dwelling on what made him uncomfortable. He found a particularly dusty-looking spot, and settled there to take his samples.
“Don’t pull any of that shit,” John warned, suddenly angry. “I’m your friend, I’m in this as much as you are. I’m asking you to explain yourself before I inevitably help you in any way that I can.”
“Need a little help here!” John yelled with a thin voice, severely deoxygenated and starting to truly feel the effects. This atmosphere was definitely not fit for human consumption. Suddenly, the handhold under his right hand crumbled away, flinging his arm back to his side, and his left shoulder began to scream in white-hot pain as it became the only thing holding John’s body weight.
John awoke with a start, sweating and much too interested in the events than he should be. His cabin was small but oddly comfortable, and out of the porthole the sky was still dark. The knot of anticipation for the impending launch in the morning was nearly painful at the pit of his stomach.
John’s stomach betrayed him, enough so that he could ignore the mention of Sarah. That was Sherlock’s first deduction in John’s direction, however small, and John wasn’t as unnerved by it as he would’ve thought. Shaking it away, John slid off his apron and hung it up to the side. “Sure, as long as it’s not from the cafeteria. I may have gotten old, but my taste buds still work the same.”
