John glanced back over his shoulder at the counter, drawing Sherlock’s own gaze.  A young woman was placing an order, with two men in tow behind her.  The detective could see that there was some kind of connection there.  When the girl saw John, her green eyes went wide with surprise and her cheeks flushed, yet the vampire had already turned back.  “Damn, it’s a bloody small world.” He muttered.
Lestat’s face scrunched in thought, taking on much the same look one would expect of a person who had bit into a sour lemon. “Not quite clear on that either.” he offered up lamely. “I sort of woke up in the display window of a department store, sufficed to say the patrons and staff were as put off by the whole experience as I was.”
Granted he had very little to go on.  Mycroft had given him the name of a contact that may be able to lead them to a member of this rogue group but he had not had any success contacting them by phone.  It would have to wait for another night, which was aggravating.  By the time they had come to the all-night cafe they had little more than twenty minutes to scope the place out before they closed.
When he was finished his body ached much less and he felt his head was clearer.  He left the bedding where it was, it needed a good cleaning.  He found the clothes that he had discarded by the door neatly folded on the chair and he dressed quickly, looking out the windows as he did to see if he could glimpse his young keeper.  He had socks, pants, and trousers, but his shirt was absent.  When he left the bedroom he found his coat hanging by the front door and slipped into it.  It was warm and familiar, but smelled like the sea instead of the London smog.
Mycroft’s repulsion was clear to all those in the room yet his tone was as A-typical of his strict politeness, “I think not. I’m a little shy, you see. Perhaps you should show David instead.”
“Blood bank donations should be suitable, and if not, you have the ability to ensure whomever you do kill has deserved their end because as a creature outside of most reality, the real world’s laws only apply loosely.” With a lick of his lips, which left moisture glistening, he opened the last button and parted the silken material of his shirt.
John was not accustomed to having the edge on Sherlock Holmes, but it was an idea that he was sure he could come to appreciate more and more.  There had been little talk when he had first awakened, even though the vampire was eager to scold the detective for the surprise shank he had received with the rapier in the mind palace. Sherlock was busy typing at his laptop, nose deep into something new.  There was no sense in arguing with him when he was like this. It would be like talking to a wall. Even though John knew this well he was still found it fascinating and bewildering to watch.
“And what does this all have to do with you?” the doctor took the deflection with ease and changed routs, his concern winning out over his desire to discover.  “He wants to get caught, do you think?  By you?  That’s why this last one was left on your door step.”
This card in his hand spoke of that love for one another, for a tenacity to engage fully in a relationship together, without the intrusion of the newly reincarnated consulting detective.  Lestrade just had trouble believing it.  Mary Morstan was not the jealous type.  The woman had seemed intrigued by the lanky brooding detective and Lestrade knew for a fact that John had been complaining of the woman’s pestering to push the two friends back together.  John had been the reluctant one.
But this, perhaps was a real chance.  If someone managed to get one of the messages to Sherlock he could get the hell out of this damned prison, find Mary, and sort this mess.
David had slowly gathered his clothes from the floor while much of the argument had transpired, listening both audibly and mentally to the thoughts in the room that were open to him.  John was too new to guard very well what was projected from his mind and he just so happened to be the only individual David was capable of read.  Both the Holmes brothers shared the ability to block others from entering and Lestat was his maker, their minds forever closed by the dark gifts transference.  He was at least back in his jeans, listening to the subdued alarms ringing in the doctor’s mind, as he watched Lestat step closer to the detective.
Sherlock’s pale eyes scrutinized the cardstock, making quick work of his examination, flipping it over only twice before proclaiming, “It’s a fake.  A decoy to placate the easily dissuaded.”  He ripped the postcard in half and tossed the pieces aside.
Lestat didn’t reply.
Sherlock considered the man’s words but, for once, remained silent.
"What the hell happened then?" John snapped, irritably.
“You knew who he was the entire time.” He pointed out her blithe error.
say that he was sick of Sherlock.  Those two need one another like a cup needs a saucer.” She protested in her endearingly quaint tone.
More, he thought again, his fingers tightened in the detective’s hair almost to the point of causing pain, his other hand snaked around Sherlock’s waist, sliding up under the shirt to the skin hidden beneath. Sherlock arched into the touch, biting down on John’s lip as he rocked harder, silently demanding more.
His hands raised upwards as though lifting a great mass and suddenly Sherlock was lurching to his feet against his own will. A disorienting and high-pitched squeal began resonating in his head as his vision shifted. The room and its contents appeared distorted and removed, as if viewed through a fisheye lens. As if he watched from a location behind his own eyes. A horrible tingling numbness filling his limbs as he came fully and jarringly upright.
“Just as charming as ever, huh?” She countered, pulling the plug in the sink.  She proceeded to snatch up a towel to dry her hands before finally turning to face the lanky man.  When their eyes met the girl winced and complained, “Ugh, you look like you needed that more than I did. Damn you’re skinny. Let’s order you a pizza or something.”
The other vampire was close to him in the double bed that they shared in the safe-house. The hovel in which they resided boasted little else. It may be safe but it was little better than derelict. He was pretty sure that the tiny turn of the century home would not see more than another ten years. They were in a room in the basement, specially retrofitting for their kind, or so his companion informed him. It was little more than a walled in space with a deadbolt on the door and no windows. The bleakness of the blackness that he realized now he would never be able to escape was at times suffocating.
When he did not respond the girl amended her words and rephrased, “I mean, I know that he must be important to you.  I’ve heard you call his name when you were working off the morphine and Lestat mentioned him…a little.” She paused and he seen her teeth dig into her bottom lip before she finished, “Was he your…lover?”
Lestat had laughed at him when it had happened.  His maker saw the small shock of pain that ran across the back of Louis eyes like a white hot flash. The sensation left a soft pounding in his right temple and though it had dissipated quickly, Lestat had caught the look on his face. Plainly calling the reaction for what it was. His maker didn't need to explain how he knew, it was simply offered up by way of a empathetic smile and effortless shrug of his shoulders. As the blond paced around the sparse room, sliding his socked feet over the carpet with the gentle swish of the shag fibers, he added that it made sense. “Control issues,” he explained cooly.
“Look, John, it isn’t like I’m the only one who noticed that you were less than ‘here’ today.” She started, none to gentle about plodding right damn into it with him.  “But you can talk to me about it, if you want to.  If you don’t, that’s fine.”
Once her parcels were secured Louis politely attempted to excuse himself but the landlady paused in her bustling only long enough to insist she repay his kindness with a hot cup of tea. After a few moments of trying to decline her offer he soon realized she was not about to be denied. She had even refused to let him out of her flat, calling his bluff on the excuse that he just wanted to get something from his own flat and would return.
, Lestat, his first encounter with Louis and more.
John rubbed at his arms, the dream left him feeling as if his whole body was covered in a black sludge that he was now desperate to wipe off. He had rocked himself on the bed while recounting the vision that had assaulted his mind a second time, replaying it despite the churning in his gut. Dreams of the night he had been changed had been coming more often over the last week. Sometimes he remembered nothing more than knowing it was one of the many random dreamscapes that had tumbled through his mind in the course of his death-like slumber. Other times it was as if he had just been on white marble and in the time it took to blink he was transported to the darkened room that he had come to know thousands of miles from his London.
"I have no interest in playing this game with you, Lestat. Do what you will but know that you're sure to face consequences beyond your narrow scope.  Yet again and yet again, you will bring suffering to anyone stupid enough to stand to close to you. That is why you will always be alone." There was sadness in the timber of the words as Sherlock pushed himself to sit more upright when the youth turned toward him and began to approach.
John held himself perfectly still as he tried to understand why Sherlock hadn’t moved. When his mind jumped to one reason lightning quick he felt his eyes widen in response. Did Sherlock get off on being dominated? The very idea of that sent a white-hot shock of arousal thundering through his being and he groaned low in the back of his throat. He reached out and grabbed the man by the open front of the silk shirt and drug him away from the wall.
“Sounds like you have your hands full, inspector.” Sherlock commented coolly.  He turned and glanced back at the other man.  It was easy to see that the man was here to ask for help, needed that critical eye that the detective could bring to the scene that his men and even he were unable to utilize.  There were bags under his eyes and deepened creases around his mouth and between his silver brows.
Sherlock came out of the kitchen, catching John just before he left to the safe room in the basement.  "I did not mean in that manner." he said honestly, quietly asking, "I meant…to observe."
The moan of ecstasy that poured from Armand’s lips was sweet as any victory when Louis’ hot mouth wrapped around the ridged cock of the other man in a sudden show of domination. Pinning the other to the ground and forcing the bucking hips to hold steady as the raven-haired head bobbed up and down with an ever-changing pattern that kept the hapless immortal below him incoherently groaning his pleasure between gasps. When the pace slowed again, his mouth returned to the same teasing pace as their kisses had been only a short while before. The desperate struggles of the one below him softened and stilled to a slow rhythmic rise of hips to match the pace of Louis lapping tongue.
When Sherlock experimentally tugged at the unyielding restraints that were the doctor’s hands around his wrists, John was forced to tighten his grip even more. The younger man breathed out a low, almost purring sound in the back of his throat in response, his eyes glittering brightly as they focused once more on the doctor. John began to rock their hips together, grinding his erection against the detectives own. He savoured the soft hiss of pleasure his friend made, enjoying the bunching of muscles and tugging arms as Sherlock began to strain against him.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side with a smarmy smirk to his mouth, enjoying how it ruffled her perfectly preened feathers, as he shook a finger at her and lectured the obvious, "Your persistent search for my whereabouts and your sudden appearance in my safe-house would suggest otherwise."
“Does it matter?” the detective snapped peevishly.
Then he left. Walking off into the night, Lestat remained on his knees, back to the city and he did not weep. He did not get sick. He only wished that death would release him from what was to come.
The smell of decay was incredibly subtle in the crisp and sterilized morgue at St Bartholomew's Hospital, the cooled bodies that lay on the stainless steel tables were shrouded in the black vinyl bags they had arrived in from the last legs of their mortal journeys. Molly was often the last person to see these poor souls before they were fired in the crematorium, shipped to the mortuary for family funerals, or whisked away to be dissected in the name of science. Sherlock was often a source of some of these later disposal processes, after all, the eyes in his microwave had to come from somewhere and grave digging was dreadfully hard on the back.
It was always something dark and witty. Like, ‘I can’t sleep with you moaning for that man’ or ‘I don’t really want to share our bed with your flat mate’. She did not say anything tonight and John found he chuckled anyway, out of expectation alone. She leaned forward and pressed her lips against his mouth, kissing the chuckle as it escaped between them, before settling back on her side. She was closer now than before and he could feel the warmth of her body radiating out against him. She heated the covers with the blood that continually pumped through her and John suddenly realized that he couldn’t hear it.
Mycroft scoffed loudly, and leaned forward out of his chair.  His cold eyes nailing his younger brother in the seat opposite his desk.  Contempt and sarcasm dripped form his words, as he proffered an open palm dismissively, explaining, “This far?  I assume you mean the engagement.  That, little brother, is why I warned you not to get involved.  Dr. Watson is a stubborn man.  You should have known you could not keep him, you of all people.  Who was I to intervene?  And was I to do so for your sake?  For your honor?  I’m pretty sure I don’t have to verbalize how that would have turned out.  Please remember, Sherlock, you have just recently returned from the dead.”
He tore his lips away from Sherlock’s throat with a shout, everything pooling for the barest instant before he came. Wave after wave flooded through him. Hands clenching into the mattress, John felt the material rip under the strength of his grip as he shuddered. Sherlock’s cry of completion echoing his own as he clenched around John, fingers ripping through the sheets with ease as he rode his own orgasm.
John felt the forearm without having seen it.  The concrete appendage had caught him in the neck and remained unmoving as his lightning quick body came to a sudden catastrophic halt.  The pain seared along his windpipe and then his back and shoulders, as the force of the collision whiplashed his body down into the rocky earth.  He felt the ground give way, rocked and stone and tree roots crushing and breaking beneath the weight of the impact, and yet he could feel that his body was still intact.  He lay there but a mere immortal moment, his eyes adjusting to the change of motion, as a fist came into focus.
“I don’t see why not.” Sherlock answered back over his shoulder. He snatched his coat from the hook by the door and slipped into it with all his usual flourish, donning his scarf and popping his collar like a rock star. John took his own black jacket in hand and followed the man out the door.
He stood there, blond curls whipping wildly in the cool gusts that rose up from around them. David followed, standing a few feet beside his maker and assuming the same stance. “Why are you skirting my question?”
Louis nodded his head, unable to keep the barest of smiles from his own mouth.  Armand was right afterall, his maker had followed him here and his residence of choice was resplendent with every pleasure imaginable—except those that Louis preferred.  Perhaps that was the lure the cherub had chosen to dangle.
"It is absolutely curious that we should find one another." the voice was Lestat’s, rousing the consulting detective from the murky depths of a drugged slumber. Everything was just out of focus and there was a golden halo of light around the head of vampire who spoke over him.
Moriarty found it rather good entertainment while he was thinking. He would pop in whenever it struck him.  He munched away at popcorn in the novelty oversized theatre bag, while he sat in his perch. Plucking a handful of the white puffy kernels, he errantly began tossing them at the gaping mouth of his blond victim, who railed wildly about.
“By Lestat.”
Now there were only a few recourses of action that Lestat would take, given his history. He would show up again the next night, apologize at his outrageous behavior saying that all was forgiven, yet still be plotting some wicked way to harm Armand. He might disappear for a few days and if he didn't find some new entertainment or entanglement he would return either with true remorse or with none at all. Lastly, and Louis hoped it was this latter guess, Lestat would disappear for a few decades. Regardless of how unlikely the last option was it was the best thing that could happen for not only himself and Armand but for the hapless mortals that were sure to be collateral damage in the fire storm that he could feel smoldering. Eyes cast down to the burnt sweater he was still wearing, a touch of true fear welled in the pit of his stomach, as he pulled the sweater off and tossed it on the back of the chair.
“Johhhhh-ohhhh…ohh God!” The press of John’s cupped palm against his straining erection caused Sherlock’s head to fall forward, as he swallowed hard. The strong hand fondled and squeezed against him, eliciting non-sense moans and half-formed words that spread a wicked grin across the doctor’s lips.
The icy gaze narrowed, as Lestat challenged the young vampire he had made, “You couldn’t even if you tried.”
They said their farewells and he left, leaving the hospital still no more satisfied than he had been when he had left Baker Street.  Returning home was at this point not an option.  There was nothing there to occupy his mind and he still had many unanswered questions.  Hailing a cab he made his way back to east London and the derelict warehouse where the drug mule had met his end.  It was a shot in the dark, but it was better than his alternatives at the moment.  He hated being bored.
While intellectually John knew that the burns were very minor, he wouldn’t even notice them in about twenty minutes or so, they still hurt now and would feel better with the application of the cloth. That did mean he needed to get the trousers off completely though and he was sorely tempted to just say bugger it and crawl to bed, anything to end this sorry excuse of a day. Unfortunately, the doctor in him was adamant that he cool the wound before crawling away to pretend the day had never happened.
The doctor ducked his head as the other immortal closed the distance between them in four strides of his long legs.  They shook hands, like business partners might, strong and firm.  Louis had told John very little about the vampire he was to meet, only that he might have a means of aiding the search for Mary’s killer, whomever it had been that had ordered her death.  This vampire appeared very intellectual, in both his speech, which was eloquent and soft, and his manner of dress, his button down lavender shirt accenting his dark golden skin.
“I am?” he replied, echoing the confusion.
Fisting the sheets in his hands he pulled at them to stop himself from forcing that exquisitely talented mouth onto his erection. Oh, how he wanted to though. He couldn’t stop his rhythmic pumping as the detective continued his ministrations. He felt on fire, his entire body tense as waves of pleasure crashed over him.
In the darkened street on the step outside the silent flat, the detective turned casually to his comrade.  Normally he would have pushed on through the doorway, leading the way and leaving the smaller man behind with only a brusque command that would effectively enough allow John to know that he was wanted and needed—using the work always as the convenient excuse easily at hand.  The mortal paused though now, so close to the man he had once cherished and loved and wounded so terribly, so close to this vampire, and could not bring himself to just pretend nothing had happened.  To ignore all that life had wrought on the both of them these past two and half years and go on like they were still dangerous flatmates walking thin lines with both eachother and the criminals and the law.  Instead, he quietly—almost politely—asked, “Come up?”
Yes, the young man was Russian.  Wasn’t so hard to deduce.  The rubles mixed in with the pounds in his wallet were very telling, as well as the fit and make of his clothing.  There was not a whole lot else to go on, the body had been irreversibly broken by the fall, which implicated that his final decent had been within the near vicinity of four hundred and forty-five feet.  This effectively ruled out Lestrade’s ridiculous initial suggestion of a fall from a helicopter, being that aircrafts were not allowed bellow five hundred feet within the city limits.  How else might the body have come to fall then that it might replicate the splatter pattern and injuries of a four hundred and fifty odd foot decent?  There were no buildings in the area high enough, especially not 221.  Perhaps there was force applied to the body, propelling it downward at a greater speed than weight and gravity could cause alone.
“Yes, but goes only to voicemail.” The vampire answered.  He had tried several times to contact his maker after his disappearance but always the number refused to connect.
“She thought so anyway. I’m still on the fence really.” John answered.
John scoffed and gave him a sneer askance, as he rebutted, "I'm still human, Sherlock, just a different kind."
What do two beautiful, powerful and immortal creatures do to entertain themselves?
The dark eyed man grazed a finger horizontally across John’s chest, up and down. It was almost intimate. The pads of his fingers moved soft and trailing over the exposed marble flesh, running from his victim’s pink nipples down over his sternum and hardened abdominals. The finger tips looped around the dip of his naval, skimmed along the top of the blue jeans, tucked inside just enough to be provocative, before starting upwards again. Just under the arch of the left ribcage, the fingers stopped. They paused there a moment, as those dark eyes glanced from John’s drooping lids back to Sherlock’s. The nails of the fingers grew longer and sharp. Moriarty flashed this new weapon, wiggling his fingers playfully, before moving them across the flesh in a ripping motion. Dark scarlet beads of blood suddenly pearled along a razors-edge cut. The beading gave way, as the cut elongated upwards along the white bone of the rib cage to the sternum, rivulets of blood washed down the pale expanse of torso. John gasped, sucking in a large gapping mouthful of air, the expansion of his diaphragm hindered by the surgical-like incision slashed across his left side.
John clenched his fists before he rose, turning away and raking a hand through his sandy hair. David cast a glance at Mycroft who arched a manicured brow, the state of his umbrage evident. He drew in a slow and deliberate breath, exhausted with the whole exchange.
His question came out strained through grit teeth and he hated it. "How did you do that?"
came a voice that pierced through his senses into the front of his mind. It was Sherlock. ‘
The man stopped and turned back.  He leaned an elbow on the bannister to the staircase that led up to Sherlock’s flat.  The hair from behind his ear fell forward, like a shimmering black curtain swooping down, as those piercing eyes locked with his.  It was odd, he thought, that he should find himself so irresistibly drawn to this person.
He finished and toweled off, coming out to notice that there was another fresh set of clothes laid out for him on the divan, just as there had been every other day.  They looked just as expensive, but they always fit well and were comfortable.  He dressed and went into the kitchen to find some food, passing a mirror hung by the entranceway.  He looked only slightly better.  Skin pink, hair brighter, eyes puffy, and nose red.
That thought brought a small smile to his face. Oh, how he would love to see the pompous man’s face when he found that out. The smile slipped after a moment. On second thought, he had no wish to be anywhere near the man when he found out that his baby brother was shagging his flatmate. Mycroft was so protective in the oddest ways, he would likely organize to have John kidnapped to prevent him from inadvertently breaking Sherlock’s heart.
“The usual I am afraid.” Mycroft said in his droning public school tone, as he leaned a hand against the top of the desk, “My sweet little brother has once again ended up in a heap of trouble that is beyond my depth of expertise and you now have acquired the skills and abilities that we shall say are endemic to your species.”  John had never thought he would ever hear things put quite like that ever again.  Then, Mycroft delivered his answer, in a much more succinct fashion, “I want him back, preferably alive.”
At the mentioning of the man's extremities Sherlock darted to that end of the table, followed by John's measured pace.  The detective pushed the black bag down to expose both of the man's abnormally long, thin feet, noticing that they had taken on a deep ashen hue since death.  The length of the foot was exaggerated by the taut skin that was drawn over the tight musculature of the extremity. A small furrow creased Sherlock’s forehead as he ran a finger along the flesh, in a precise line, from the center hollow between of the hallux and second metatarsal, then up the corpses shin to stop at the knee. Taking a graceful step back, the black irises dilated. Sky-blue and sea-green shades shrunk in the eclipse as calculations fluttered in his peripherals.
His first object had been large enough to be considered a potential threat of harm so his next thought was to see if smaller items would have the same reaction. He selected an ornate golden ring set with a large marquise ruby, easily worth thousands. Winding up again he pitched the ring and was immediately rewarded with being knocked to the ground, as the small solid object hit him forcefully in the adam’s apple. The consulting detective hit the floor, choking and coughing. Tears welled in his eyes and he gulped for air like a stranded fish, as his fingers attempted to asses the damage to his wind-pipe. The ring had clattered to the ground and sat innocently on the floor in front of him between his knee's as he slowly regained his composure and wheezed his way back to his feet.
"Exactly!" John shot back, shaking his head. "Show an ounce of decency and clean this up before I'm back."
“Then what about this stone, Sherlock, and this rebel leader?” the vampire questioned. “I think it’s safe to say that we are still being manipulated here.”
“What are you doing here?” the detective grumbled, with a roll of his eyes.  He pointed a flat palm at the man in his tub, hating to have to resort to redirecting the conversation to have the man get to the point, “You’re obviously not here to bathe.”
chair—the one Sherlock had displaced and then quickly replaced once he was absolutely certain that the doctor would indeed come out now and then to play.  He gave the ugly paisley covered chair a fond look, far fonder than the shocked spectacle the doctor had made at the restaurant when seeing an old friend.  He sat down, his hands rubbing the fabric arms of the chair with familiarity, before he leaned back, crossed his ankles, and looked up at his friend, expectantly.
John did not feel sympathy for whatever this thing was—a vampire—and callously he snorted, “Pfft!” and sneered, “well you certainly aren’t going to get anything like that from me.  As far as I am concerned, you might as well just go and fuck yourself.”  It was blithe, without feeling, and had come out of the doctor with little remorse.  He was past playing mind games—any games—with this thing that held him prisoner.
As the car was flipped back into drive and began to pull forward, John’s nausea went from a tickle to a real threat. He doubled forward and put a warning hand out, like a drunk in a cab, and the detective instinctively applied the brakes. The vampire threw the door open just as his last meal projected out of his mouth in a torrent of red vomit, splashing out onto the gravel.  One heave was not enough. His body was determined to get rid of the lot and his diaphragm convulsed another three times, until he merely coughing up spittle. The dizziness had returned, as well as his ravenous hunger, that insatiable thirst that would be his curse for the rest of eternity.
It was exactly the reason why Louis had been compelled to warn Sherlock Holmes.  His maker was not only irrevocably unpredictable and insatiably deviant, he also harnessed powers unimaginable to his peers, which he was not always in complete control of—and his tempestuous handle on his own emotions gaged his control of this.  There was no saying, if given the chance, what Lestat might offer the detective.  And Louis had driven the blonde off, in a rage, with his own involvement with the vampire Armand.
The flat was dark as he entered. He shed his sopping coat and shoes before he went through to the kitchen and flicked on the glaring lights. He snagged a beer from beside a stack of oddly coloured Petri dishes, eager for the solace of the alcohols soothing flavour filling his mouth. He drank heavily of the dark brew, finishing half the can in one go, before giving a loud sigh of satisfaction.  He paced from the kitchen into the parlour, turning on the lights above the fireplace, as he considered whether his current mood would be bettered or worsened by another row with his unfinished blog entry.
The detective flexed his feet a few more times.  The muscles in his legs ached and the more he worked them he soon came to realize that his entire body ached—the withdrawal.  Despite the pain though he needed to get up and moving, the withdrawal required his motion.  He felt restless and his skin was itching, especially aggravated in the elbows and behind the knees.  More so though he needed to get outside, get a view of the area before the sunset and he could no longer see.
The hatred he had felt was raging inside him still, transformed and retargeted from the dream representation of his friend and once lover, back unto himself. He directed toward the thing he had become because never before, even in his darkest days in active service had he ever dreamt of himself being the monster he had just seen. Dreams didn’t make reality but they could often be hints at things hidden to ourselves in the unconscious mind. This demon he had been in the dream was what he feared. Cold, consumed with hatred, bitter and malicious, willing to blame Sherlock for everything that had happened and mudering him for it.
“Go away.” He said. The words were spoken aloud and once more he could not remember consciously deciding to release them that way.
With a suddenness that horror movie director’s would envy, John’s eyes snapped open and the undead body sat bolt upright with all the familiar indignation of his usual distaste to mornings. The movement was so fast it was almost impossible to track and the brunet was taken off guard by the sudden shift of power in his self-directed excursion into the sanctity of his mind-palace.
Marisa still sat passively behind them, a spectator to all of this. She was as quiet and unmoving as Lestat, yet the detective knew that she was acting of her own free will. She was not bound by any puppeteers’ strings.
Even though he found himself drawn to stare at the way the man’s thin fingers raced across the keyboard or the way his teeth ground down over his full bottom lip, he moved passed this, walking briskly into the kitchen.  The vampire was ignored, as he anticipated that he would be, and he came to look over the man’s shoulder at what he was so feverishly researching.  The screen was a mass of open browser tabs, thick with volumes of text, and scant on pictures, making it damn near impossible for him to decipher how or what this had to do with their current mission.
Amongst all of this, Sherlock found John.
, he corrected himself, as John’s stance and presence alone broke him of his train of thought, delving back hard and strong into the last incident that had occurred between them within the walls of the flat they had previously shared—that he now so visibly felt uneasy to frequent.
“Yeah, well, the note you had left her conflicted with a post card she had received in the mail prior.” The inspector continued, the deep timbre of his voice speaking like a true man of the Yard.  “It had said something about you and Mary takin’ off to—God, I can’t even remember, somewhere hot—because you’d had enough of Sherlock.  That part I could see.  He can be royal a ass.”
The brown eyes hardened as he moved to quietly remind the other, “Akasha is no longer here to protect you, Lestat.  The Sisters are our judge and jury and they will do as they see fit.”  His moistened his lips as he reassured his maker, “I am only here to warn you, as your friend, that you are drawing unwanted attention to yourself, both in the mortal world and our own, that could end badly for you.”
“Well, thanks for making it for me.” John commented acridly.  Then he turned and stormed out of the room with all the huff of a temper-tantrum. Despite feeling a little foolish over it all afterwards, he did feel marginally better when he had slammed the door of the office behind him and heard the crack and splinter of the expensive dark oak frame.
“That’s all it takes.” She said. The words came out of her slow and bedraggled.
“Sherlock…?” she had said his name in a motherly tone that was stuck indecisively between reproof and bewilderment, cloaked in thick draping of astonishment.  What on earth was the man up to now?  Half-finished experiments lay everywhere in the kitchen, cooking away, and here he lay as though half asleep on the couch in the next room.
“Damn it, Jean,” the man hissed. He grabbed John’s arm to haul him up.
Right hand flexing unconciously, he headed inside and towards the clothes he'd tossed haphazardly by the door. He thought of the hot emerald fire in the eyes of his fledgling as the heat in his hand rose in time with the hot pink flush of it's mark on the pale flesh of Louis cheek. It had been only a few days since he had left to Belgium but it hadn' t taken long before he grew tired of the seclusion. He had arrived back on the London sidewalks through his own supernatural powers. Picked up the young pretty mortal on the street with a devonair smile and whispered promises of seduction unlike any she could imagine. He had delivered his end of the deal and her end, unknown to her, not that she had asked, was to be the next bit of bait in his little trap for the consulting detective.
Armand and Lestat and Louis.  The three of them in a constant dancing revolution always trading and moving and replacing.  Louis loved them both deeply and yet had many reasons to hate both of them.  It was a clandestine partnership no matter which front he chose to inhabit, which was why he strayed from committing completely to either.  In a mortal’s lifetime this kind of relationship could be defined, expressed, preformed, and obliged.  There was no context for describing such in an immortal’s limitless lifespan.  There was really no sense to ascribe to any such mortal belief.  Immortality was, granted, a very long time.  His partners agreed and disagreed with that sentiment, only because they could not withstand the other and both were deeply competitive.  Thus driving their dance.
John didn’t really remember swinging, but his arm was moving, hurled by his body with his fist aimed at the stranger’s too perfect face.  There was a flash, a blur of motion, and then he sailed past the man, as though he had misaimed all along.  It didn’t make sense—missing him.  Punching seemed like the only rational thing left to do, so he swung again to the same affect.  A blur, movement, miss.  John felt like he was drunk.  He certainly wasn’t used to missing.  How was this guy able to move so fast?  Why was his movement so disorientating?
Louis' steps had halted halfway down the block from the ally. Intense eyes met his own, this time with a noticeable look of mild concern, “Lestat?”
“Oh!” She squeaked as she looked up into the cerulean eyes of the dazzlingly handsome man who stood on her front step. Smartly dressed in a navy coat with the collar turned up against the wind, a small gust rustled the lions mane of shimmering golden curls which were loosely drawn back into a pony-tail at the base of the slender man’s skull. Sharp and high cheekbones were perfectly cut into the angular face and the glossy pink lips curled seductively into a pleasant smile that caused the older ladies heart-rate to elevate and a flush of color to rise to her blush-applied cheeks.
“N-no.” came the hasty reply.
John found his brain jumbled—not unlike before—and the words just didn’t seem to want to come out.  Forcing himself to say something, he stuttered, “Sh-Sherlock, yes, I’m just here—‘er…for a visit.”
The dark haired creature stood casually, bare feet on the broken glass yet not a mark on him other despite the successful blows the vampire had landed against him. He pointed behind Lestat, at Sherlock.  “You don’t let anything happen to my little toy now, you understand?” His tone was cheerful but pregnant with warning, as he shook a scolding finger, “No matter how far you run or fly or swim I can find him…just like
John could feel his eyebrows knit together skeptically.  Nothing about the man casually pursuing him denoted anything but a predatory intention. "Le-stat? Interesting name, I have heard of you. Forgive me if I'm not much on introductions but where's Louis?"
The word hung between them, unwanted and yet said.  David’s silence was very telling.  The man had been a part of the organization for years, had even held a position of power within its multitude of levels and members, and it was true that if not for this powerful groups influence the two may never have met.  Lestat owed them that much.  Still David had little patience left for the organization that had turned to retaliate against him after Lestat had given him the Dark Gift.  Their authority and power stretched without restraint from traditional governments and was undeniably still a force to be reckoned with, which David resented.
That earned him another cheeky smirk—one that John had been fond of seeing on his former lover.  “Will.” Sherlock clarified, as he turned the wheel of the car ever so slightly, taking an exit off of the main road.
"Cutting to the chase, aren't we? Well you are half right, I will be back soon, tomorrow night in fact and I would like to inquire if you would care to meet me?" Armand’s tone became a little less playful but lost none of its sultry delivery.
"Ah, bloody hell." he chastised himself in a vehement hiss, folding his arms over his chest to ward off the invading chill from settling into his bones.  He really was buggered.  There was no simple or easy fix for this.
John smiled again.  It was not because he was pleased to see the man, in his light grey bespoke suit.  “Isn’t that just pants.  Of course…it’s Mycroft
“Mmm-no.” the detective answered coolly, tilting his own head back a notch to show that he was neither intimidated nor impressed with the creature’s antics, “But your head does seem to have swelled a bit.”
This brusque introduction from Sherlock was followed by a displeased rumble of his stomach. He glowered at his own digestive system before looking back at the girl who still had her back to him.
There was very little information known about the stone as well. He had concluded that, while there were some small amounts of information on artifacts such as this, there was no tangible proof that any of them held any kind of supernatural power. Many such artifacts were regarded simply as ritualistic, nothing more. He found nothing about the stone specifically.
The air was cold, as he had expected it would be, and with the blue scarf tightened around his neck and the collar of his wool jacket hiked, it became increasingly clear that he could no longer ignore the itching that besieged the wound on his neck.  Stopping in the nearest café he used the washroom mirror to investigate the bite mark that he had attempted to disregard the past few days, which now it seemed had been to his own detriment.  The small punctures had closed with bubbled burgundy scabs, dotting his neck like a perfect tattoo of the doctor’s teeth, and the skin around each was red, sore, and warm to the touch—all signs that did not bode well.  The bruising had spread but had not deepened in color, the outside frayed edges of the purplish markings glowing with a faint hint of yellow and green.
“Certainly not Baker Street,” John mumbled, as he took it all in.
It had started out as soft gentle whispers—the sound of the wind rustling through the trees, only a word or two discernable as they passed.  The sounds had turned into sentences, full thoughts, growing in volume the longer he stayed near.  By the time John left the flat it was all he could do to hold it together. The last thing he needed Sherlock to know right now was that John could hear absolutely everything the damned genius was thinking—everything!  Every little minute thought, detail, analysis, and desire! Despite how useful that it all seemed in theory, the ever seeking, endless experimenting, dangerous if bored, mind and thoughts were like riding a missile. Not the sort of straight to the target missile, but like some crazy sort of cartoon bomb that spiraled dangerously out of control. Even thinking about it now caused John to shake his head as he tried to switch gears.
"Oh Louis is on his way. I suspect he should be here very shortly, with Sherlock as well." Lestat paused when he felt the twinkle of hope from the mortal doctor and smiled. "See the thing is John, I, like your dear detective I am so very often misunderstood and like Sherlock I have an insatiable desire for entertainment. Sometimes it does get me into trouble and I would be lying to say that people don't often get hurt as a result of my desires but I generally have the best of intentions."
Lestat felt the heat rise to the top of his ears.  His fledgling really had no idea the true nature of the arrogant and manipulative young-framed vampire. He knew Louis had read the books, had heard the words from his own lips as well as others, had even lived through one or more such charades of innocence only to be scorched by the rarely pure intentions of Armand. It was not that he hated the imp, he hated the way that everyone saw him as the victimized boy who would be forever forgiven for all his malicious and self-serving manipulations, while he, himself, was scolded and berated for just trying to have some fun with the endless time granted him.
“Oh, thank goodness you’re here, Inspector,” the elderly woman’s voice cracked and sputtered, beyond the thin hands that she wrung together under her chin.  Her eyes were red and glassy from crying.  She quit her hand wringing only to swipe at her sniffling nose and to open the door wide for Lestrade to step inside the foyer of 221B Baker Street.
Half-formed words died on his lips before they could even be uttered. He twisted and writhed under Sherlock’s talented hands and mouth, sure that he would go insane from the pleasure if the other man didn’t do something soon.
The voice that sang in his bathroom was without a doubt trained and experienced, someone used to using their voice for the entertainment of others.  It was smooth and silken, hitting each note pitch perfect, without strain or trouble.  The voice did not waiver or falter in address to his presence inside the flat, so Sherlock marched up to the door and tried the knob.  It was his flat after all and the intruder was purposely waiting for him, yet the door knob was locked.
“You’re going out then?  Tonight yet?” Lestrade asked with a ridiculous expression of astonishment on his face.  Daftly he added, “Without John?”
Sherlock nodded. “I can’t say for sure, but the stone has a piece to play in all of this for Moriarty. I just haven’t figured out exactly what that part is yet.  For all intents and purposes, it would make more sense for Moriarty to leave the stone in the hands of the rebel leader, especially if he intends to incite a supernatural war.”
“Breathe, John.” The words were whispered against the back of his neck and he suddenly realized that the man had stopped moving. He was wrapped once more around John, buried inside, his other hand still pumping his cock as he took slow shuddering breaths.
It did not take much to find him.  Sherlock was sprawled out on the long couch, his one bare foot slung over the low back, the other over the end of the arm, and his head hanging slightly off of the cushion, as though passed out.  John wasn't having any of it.  He marched over to the couch, calling the man loudly, "Sherlock!"
Sherlock sniffed loudly, holding his head high, as he planted his hands in an imposing manner on his hips.  “I was eating hotdogs.” He answered succinctly, as calm and as placid as though it were a simple explanation.
"Morphine..." Sherlock mumbled groggily. He shook his head slowly and stretched his eyelids, fluttering the dark lashes open to focus more clearly on the pale face of Lestat.
Unbidden, his fingers came out to ghost a trail along the exposed underside of the detective’s arm. It was soft and smooth, the hard muscle shifting beneath his fingertips and the man shifted, sprawling closer to the immortal. John couldn’t help the smile that drifted across his face at that. “I know you’re awake, Sherlock.” He chided the man softly, not wanting to break the calm atmosphere.
Sherlock ignored the little tirade and launched from the end of another scale straight into the striking dramatic notes of Bach’s ‘Chaconne’, the muscles in his neck and face taught with frustration, impatience, and welling anger.  He played the notes, forcing each out of the instrument with increased agitation.  The rumble of the violin pinned between his shoulder and his chin was satisfying as he stroked the strings with each long terribly mournful note.  If he played long enough perhaps the inspector would take the hint and leave.  The last thing Sherlock wanted to do was discuss his inability to procure any information on John Watson’s whereabouts.
John had no way of knowing where Sherlock was or where the vampire Lestat was either, so he resolved to continue with his original intentions and texted David.  The vampire’s response was prompt.  They would met the next evening, at an address in Chelsea, and when John arrived he was surprised at the size of the home.
Again the flash of pain and the decision was made to rest a few minutes, clear his head and try again but soon exhaustion overtook as the doctors breathing became deep and even.
Sherlock chuckled and lowered his head again, trailing nips and bites down the side of his neck. His hand tightened on the doctor’s restrained wrists when the John tried to pull them free even as he drew his other hand between them. Long, warm fingers wrapped around them both and began to stroke them together. He set the pace deliciously and tortuously slow as he continued to lave attention with his mouth.
John’s gaze lifted from the chair, to look across from it, at the other one; Sherlock’s leather seat. How many times had they sat together in companionable chatter? His attention shifted to the fireplace. How many times had they caressed one another by that fire?
Then there was a roaring thunder clap and a flashing of movement that made him dizzy.  Sherlock was suddenly separated from John, his body slumped forward on the sofa and it was all he could do to prop himself upright.  He was unsure where John had been taken, for he was certain the doctor had not been removed of his own volition.  There was lots of unnatural growls and snarls that filled his ear drums and echoed throughout the penthouse and when his eyes finally beheld the source he realized that most of the noise was yelling.
"So you want revenge then," the detective said with disdain, folding his arms over his chest, "and you want John to deliver it for you."
“You still work for them?” Lestat queried, baffled by the very idea and why he had so readily believed her lies.
"Huh," his friend replied, before starting to walk again.
Yet John had clearly cautioned him that his life would be in danger if he were to disturb him while in this state.  In the books, it had been explained that there were instinctual defenses that a vampire had to protect itself when unconscious.  This he had to see.
Soon they were holding hands, retracing paths they had already taken, as Louis spoke of his quarrel with Lestat, which had ended in a singed sweater and broken jaw.  Armand had scoffed at that and shaken his head, reminding his partner, “That I’m afraid, dear one, you should have seen coming.”
“Oy, ‘ere we are sweetie. Lucky day, ours, for a nice piece like you to invite us down your back ally.” The taller one crooned, taking a menacing step closer.
There was a saturnine growl from behind the wooden desk, as Mycroft Holmes made his intentions known, “You are not allowed to become a vampire.”  It was a short but poignant sentiment, voiced in a tone much lower and darker than most were used to hearing from the man.
“John,” The name was wrenched from his throat as the detective felt an impossibly smooth cheek brush against his thigh before John nuzzled his erection. He breathed over the straining cock, tongue flicking out to lick the head as his hand continued its slow torment.
John gave a resigned sigh, stifling a chuckle, as he reached up and scratched the detective’s blood splattered nose.  Sherlock gave a justifiable groan of appreciation and John stepped away, looking again at the kitchen table with the hog placed out upon it.  “This is…” there really wasn’t the words to describe it.
"How bloody long is that supposed to take and then what?!" John felt the frustration instantly boiling back up and had to slowly inhale to lower his hear-rate.
He reassessed their surroundings again.  The darkness around them was quiet. There would be no tourists here now, although Sherlock surmised that their own presence here was prohibited. Though it was dark, there was enough light from the quarter moon and the stars for him to make out the main structures of the castle grounds. St Mary’s Tower was to his left and the Great Tower was to his right. They were near a wooden bridge that connected the two areas. As he gazed towards the splendor of the Great Tower, he could see a man approaching them.
“Well, you’re certainly welcome to try. I doubt you will succeed though.” The blond said, adding menacingly, “Didn’t Louis warn you?  I
"Ah," the blond sighed back, his fingers smoothly transitioning from his fledgling's hair to softly caress the desirable length of his neck, half obscured by the scarf.  "I'm afraid then, mon amie, that you have already wasted twenty words of your precious breath. Of course I already know."
Armand brought up a hand to stop Louis before he could retort, "All is well, dear one. Which is why I wanted to spend the next few evenings reminding you how enjoyable time with me can be. Then I'll leave, you'll miss me. Then, when I return, my chances of whisking you away will, hopefully... be considerably better."
Anticipation. The slow stirring in the base of his gut that rose and settled at the bottom of his chest, tickling his pulse a sliver faster. He knew without looking who it was, it felt impossible not to know and it was one of the things that drew both of them together. The connection they experienced and the depth of it, when they were in good graces to one another, was unmistakable. It was exactly the out that Louis had been yearning for, a reason to not be the one whom initiated the conversation. As he looked at the notice on the screen he became keenly aware that he must have been projecting this desire, thus prompting its reality. Parting soft blush lips, he sucked in a slow even breath before opening his eyes to read the message that was patiently awaiting him.
Sherlock smirked again, and there was that hint of a dimple that was even more disarming than his pout. “Well, if the need arises for one, Mycroft owes me a favour.”
The detective’s breath had quickened and John’s hitched in his throat, as those thin fingers flitted around to his front and down to his trousers, deftly working them open.  Sherlock’s hand stroked his clothed erection, once, twice, before slipping under the band of his pants to take him out.  He was wholly in his lover’s hand, hard and needy, as the detective kissed his mouth gently one last time.  His dark head descended as Sherlock spun him round, trading places with the doctor against the counter of the sink, coming to kneel before him.  That perfect hot mouth pressed warm and wet against the tip of him, lapping three times before opening to take him inside.
They ground against one another, the feel of smooth, hard skin under grasping hands demanding more bringing both their hungers to a fever pitch. The detective was not giving in, meeting every kiss with a dark intensity of his own, hands clenching and body grinding up against his captor. When he hooked a leg around John’s hip, spine arching to grind more fully against him, John felt another thread of his control snap.
The man was growing increasingly upset with John’s irritation. “You said so yourself, John, that you could barely keep my thoughts out. Then when you need to, stop trying. Use them. Use me to bombard Ludvik.”
“Accident, hm?” Mycroft heard himself say, softly, absently. So tired and easily captivated by those eyes, the color was new but the look felt, in a way, like coming home.
"He was brought in early this morning, found I think in a back alley the Inspector had said. I would have called you sooner but I didn't do the initial assessment. I picked up on some of your specific requests when I was going over the report." She explained, her hands fidgeting, spinning the ring on her finger like it made her feel awkward or it was irritating her pale skin. She licked the thin pink lips of her small mouth, which made the woman appear deceivingly younger than she actually was, and with a birdlike twitch of her head, that swished the tied back tail of her hair, she darted a look between the two men, adding, "The cause of death was determined by the official examiner to be exsanguination due to the laceration on the neck, which I do agree with."
“John Watson?” the man questioned, pretending to be unawares.  When enlightenment hit, the man waved a hand at the detective and arrogantly replied, “Oh, you mean that puppy that follows you around everywhere you go?” Laughter interrupted him before he could finish, “You mean, you’ve lost him?”
Sherlock nodded his head, adding, “Marisa said that it amplifies an individual’s powers.”
“Come, my lovely Jean, time to bring you home.”
There was a sudden shift, like a light switching off and suddenly Lestat stopped. The older vampire reflexively released his grip, like someone had cut the signal from his brain to hands, the fingers opening and releasing without warning or warrant from the owner. John scrambled back and howled in pain, spitting blood that pool in his mouth from his own cut lips and broken nose. Globs of red droplets were spat into the face of his maker, still frozen as though paralyzed. The fledgling could not think, he merely acted, so consumed with the fight instinct that raged through his body. He pounced onto his opponent, not bothering to wipe the blood from his face or mouth. They toppled to the ground in a heap of limbs. John straddled the blond, who still seemed unable or unwilling to defend himself. Enraged the soldier laid fist after fist into the blond’s face, pummeling a vampire who simply lay there unflinching.
“I simply observe.” He corrected, imperially.
Lestat was out the door with the tinkling of the chimes hung above when the girl noticed her latte missing and David was left seething, as he blocked out the sound of the diligent boyfriend offering to replace her beverage.
Abandoning the towel in the trash he turned the water back on and splashed his face.  It smelled funny.  The odor of organic decay coming from the pipes innards defeating the cool refreshing feel of the water against his hot skin.  He grabbed more paper towel and wiped the rough paper against his face, hoping for and failing to reveal a more alert visage in the mirror that he could say convincingly that he recognized.  Sadly, this tired man was the truth.
"Does the transfer cause you pain?" Sherlock asked, curious.
John could feel himself responding in kind to Sherlock, but pushed the man away again, looking him right in the eye.  “No,” he said, “that’s not good enough.  I want to hear you say it.”
you big baby! This is exactly why we don't need a baby, I have you!" John had leaned forward in his chair, recovering his mussed hair and straightening his shirt as he tossed the pillow back across the parlor at Sherlock who deftly snatched it out of the air. He drew it close and wrapping his arms around it he cuddled the union jack pillow.  Then he huffed like a petulant five year old and turned away, muttering.
He stayed there and finished off another cup of coffee as the sun set.  Then the mobile vibrated in his pocket.  Twice: text message.  He fished it out in time to read the message on the illuminated screen.  It read:
Those ethereal eyes of his lover found him then and narrowed sinisterly.  The other two were still arguing, volleying slur and condemnation, as though they weren’t there, as though they were not a part of what had happened and what was happening.  Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat.  Those eyes.  They were not John.  Then the grimace that twisted his features lifted, his brows raised and knit, his eyes opened wide and in one last guttural snarl, John savagely demanded, “Get me out of here, Louis!  Now!  I can’t control this!”
John did not let Sherlock go. He continued to embrace him, licking the blood from his lips and teeth. Sherlock felt a second kiss and the wound tingled softly, the slight pain associated with the bite mark fading away. Sherlock dipped his head then and kissed the vampire’s mouth.  John did not hold back and as the kiss deepened the detective found he could taste his own blood on the man’s tongue
"Mycroft you..."John began to sneer.  He was cut off as the man skillfully extracted himself from the others personal space.
A tickling at the back of Louis’ neck caused him to close his eyes and draw in a long and resolute breath. It was enough to let him know that the game was up.
It was all the permission that the man needed. He acted. It was desperate. Action fueled with an urgency to fill a part of himself that was lacking, that gaped open, raw, and unhealed. John’s hands grappled with the other man’s shoulders, pulling the man to him, their chests pressing hard against one another. His mouth claimed the other’s, teeth raking over full lips, as raucous moans escaped the detective, fueling only more passion and need from the man. His tongue lapped the outline of the lips against his own, then the teeth behind them, finally meeting to war with the other tongue beyond. The sounds that Sherlock made were enough to make John aware of his engorged arousal, but pressing against the detective’s own erection did little to dampen the flames that burned in his loins.
That made her smile and Sherlock detested how satisfied the vampire appeared to have roused it from her.  “He was no trouble.” She replied, easily.  Then she amended quickly, with a shrug, “Well, not much trouble.”
The drive was quiet and uneventful, casual questions with casual answers. Armand knew the tactics better than most, those that he would need to execute in order to better his chances at acquiring what he desired but it was what he desired that was still somewhat obscured. It was indeed coincidences that he had needed to come to London in order to transfer large sums of wealth from one holding to the other but the same could not be said about his knowledge of Lestat's presence and dealings. Armand had learned of Lestat's trip to London from the vampires own boasting and it was easy to learn of his motivations in following his fledgling.
The man sat back onto his backside, casually draping an arm over his raised knee, and conversationally pressed, “Well now, what will it be?”  There was a flash of fangs as the vampire’s lips moved into a predatory smile, both alluring and distasteful.  “Will you come, Sherlock, and experience eternity with me?”
The small woman ripped her arm free as though his grip were nothing.  “You don’t get to give me orders.” She whispered menacingly, before she spun and stormed from the croft.  He made to catch her but when he got to the doorway, she was gone, as mysteriously as ever.
"Mon Due, you're voice..." Lestat was upright and pulling her close, flexing his fingers only slightly and causing a squeek with each pulse of muscles. "I can't stand it any more." He sighed after admiring her for a few moments more before he tore the head easily from the girls body and tossed it behind him carelessly. Barily a pause and he continued to dismember the remaining limbs in a simular fashion. When it was done and the once crystal clear pool and white marble that surrounded it was well coated in the quickly congealing gore, Lestat calmly swam to the deep end of the pool, stepping out to wrap himself in an oversized housecoat.
Then he seen the dark exterior of the home they had shared, movement so fast and unnatural, slipping in through the upstairs window—as though he was seeing through another’s own eyes.  There was Mary again, in a defensive pose, intense and angry.  She was bleeding.  There was blood all over her, staining her camisole and her flannel bottoms, thick in her hair and darkening her shoulder.  Yet she fought back, swung a trained punch and then a kick that was deflected by an intruder in all black—a lithe man nearly twice her own size.  Then she was struck hard to the gut.
Instead he inspected his improvements to the Ferrari Spider one last time before turning his thoughts to where else his entertainment might be prowling this evening.  He decided with little wasted time that he would head towards the morgue Sherlock Holmes was known to frequent.
He was scouring 221C this very moment, not at all believing the cover story the vampire had fed to the affable and extremely gullible landlady.  The skilled man had no need for the key, the lock was a trivial piece to pick, and like the expert he was the detective was working his craft on the meager contents left in the flat.  There was little there for him to find that would produce any solid connections to the owners immortally gifted prowess and therefore Louis had no worry about allowing the detective all the time that he desired.
Sherlock’s head tilted ever so slightly as he continued to stare up at John for another moment before, wordlessly he began shifting up the bed. He never broke eye contact and when he had reached the middle of the bed he sprawled out. He moved his limbs to pose himself in the same position that he’d been in when pressed against the wall.
, he thought suddenly as he drifted beneath the blanket of stars.  He smirked and then he sighed.
Without words Louis lent down, a hand slipping along the soft curve of the others jaw, tilting his face upward so that eyes met for a moment before the soft ghosted kiss pressed between them. It was not an action born of lust, no hot fluster of desire over taking either of them in that moment. It was a touch of compassion, understanding, and genuine love for the creatures that they had been and had become, as well as those they could still yet be.
“So, correct me if I’m wrong then, but,” Lestrade interjected, when she made to take a breath between rambling sentences, “there is no one else in the building.”
—causing a whip-like motion that brought the head and limbs down at a greater velocity consequently.  Many of the vertebrae were shattered, the pelvis crushed, left hip dislocated, its femur snapped, and the tibia exposed.  The only thing containing the body now was the clothing, as the man’s fluids congealed on the cold cement underfoot.
The wound on his neck was still wet with blood. It was black in color and smelled even more ominous. Moriarty’s eyes were still on him, hollowing him out as they bore into him, flicking now and then from his gaze to his mouth and back. “I was hoping you wouldn’t stop so soon, Johnny boy. I was starting to enjoy our little exchange.”
"I was...still disillusioned with the ideology of the group.  Mary didn't want me to leave what I was still willing to be a part of because her feelings had changed.  She would never stand for that." Marisa was quick to fill in the blanks and it was not hard to see that the woman regretted this part of her life, this decision, that she quite possibly felt she had somehow not done her part to save her friend. “I was angry. She had abandoned me.  It was a long time before I found her again. We had a…an argument and then went our separate ways.”
“Don't you dare.” Lestat stopped a breath from the other. He could feel the air leave Louis’ lips against his cheek. “Don't you dare look at me like that.”
It was infuriating and encouraging. Like a rugby coach, never letting you slack an inch. John hated the way his body moved. To him it seemed normal, seemed no different than it ever had. Yet he knew that Louis’ reminder was not unwarranted. To the mortal world, these movements were blindingly unrealistic. A quick blurred dart that would startle anyone and draw curious attention, which they did not want, or so Louis kept reminding him.
As the sleek black car pulled away the immortal took in a deep breath of the London air. He did love this city. Missed it whenever he was apart from it for too long. His mind had been made up on his own involvement in the strange maelstrom that had presented itself. There were enough facets at play from his observations that he too had become terribly certain some other greater powers were at work.
"I have a plan, John." Sherlock confirmed.
The detective tipped his head to his right and shrugged.  “Fair enough.  How is it?”
“Well, I don’t have much of a choice now do I?” John replied, frustration evident. He wasn’t doing this for Mycroft. Both of them knew it, despite his jumbled feelings regarding Sherlock, he truly did not want harm come to the man. Especially from the manipulative blond bastard.
Sherlock smirked at him, replying, "As I have stated, you will need to get another broom."
Her purse hit the ground with a thud as her petite body went limp in his arms and Lestat too sank to his knees as the ecstasy of the blood-taking consumed and enthralled him.  She made one last wheezing breath, as her heart slowed to a dull thump, and finally stopped.  Throwing his head back with a loud gasp the vampire, let the dead body roll from his arms and the woman flopped face down into the wet grass.  He brought a hand up and wiped at his mouth.  At least that part of him would be satiated for a while.
“Lestat is known for his eccentricities.” Sherlock agreed. “Enough so that his aberrant behavior would still appear plausible.”
"You've obviously had the ability to control others for some time. It explains Lestat's behavior recently and possibly since the beginning." Sherlock knew Moriarty. Knew that in the end, it was all a game. A puzzle to be solved to show who was the cleverest. If there was any salvation it could only come in solving it.
"Embrace it?!" John demanded, his face registering indignation at the very thought.
The vampire gave a soft nod. Yes. Yes, he would try again. It was torturous but he had to learn to control this new body, these new powers, and all the struggles that came with it. He had to conquer this.
Marisa squared her shoulders and straightened her back, assuming a posture of challenge, before she explained in her tiresomely elusive way, “What I needed to know.”
“Mrs. Hudson!!!”
Sherlock’s long legs closed, one knee raising just the slightest amount, though that did nothing to hide the obvious bulge in his slacks. He arched his spine, allowing the silk of his shirt to fall open around him and reveal the smooth expanse of his torso. What drew John's, was that once more his arms had stretched out above his head, fingertips not quite touching one another even as his knuckles grazed against the headboard.
“I’m not sure I really know yet.” Sherlock answered, with a little shake of his head. John could see the man rebuking himself silently over this fact. The detective always prided himself on reading people easily.  “She is an anomaly. She is human, but she has demonstrated increasing irregularities that lead me to wonder otherwise. She has a very unassuming manner about her. I did not even really consider her to be involved in any of this until she showed up at the house the other night.”
His cocked twitched again, as he shuttered, and admitted through clenched teeth, "God, yes, John."
He was flushed as he buried his face into the pillow, breathing in shallow pants, his arms shifted to clutch at the sheets as Sherlock continued to massage his arse. Once more those deliciously talented hands trailed up. Fingers quested out, gentle caresses along his ribs before returning to his spine.
More curious than before he returned to the dark bedroom.  The two rooms combined were larger than the whole of 221B.  The room itself could have held four king sized beds with room to spare.  The one he had slept in looked small against the wall, with its simple black frame.  There was a flat screen mounted on the opposite wall and in the corner by the bay of large windows there was a lounge chair, a coffee table, and a large well stocked bookshelf.  Finding the door to the room, John flicked the light switch, illuminating a large three tiered chandelier that hung from the fourteen foot ceiling, circled by intricate crown moulding that decorated its expanse.
A smile. A beautiful, patient, kind smile spread an arm’s length from him. It sat just below relief-filled eyes, crinkling at the corner as they gazed at him. “Are you alright, love?” she asked him. Her voice was just above a whisper, concerned and yet so patient, as she always had been. “You were calling for him again.”
“Forget about it, Sherlock,” Lestat chuckled deeply, waving a dismissive hand in his direction, “you cannot undo what has been done, no matter how clever you think you are.”
Currently there was some rather stimulating activity going on that involved the strange consulting detective his dearest fledgling had discovered. There was quite a collection of interesting individuals that stayed near by and kept a close eye on Sherlock Holmes as well as the doctor who no longer resided at the Baker Street flat. Some of which were easier to read and more disposable then others. One such man was walking down the street currently, quietly speaking in Russian on his cell phone, though the thoughts that ran through his mind had little to do with the timber of the words he spoke allowed.
“But Marisa wants the stone, so is that really Moriarty then?” John said.
Eventually, though, those magical hands slowed and came to a stop. This filled John with a sense of disappointment. For a moment he just laid there, revelling in the glow of complete relaxation. He hadn’t felt this good in a long time, maybe even in years. The combination of painkillers and the massage had done amazing work. With a sigh, he prepared to open his eyes and thank his friend.
“It’s a working theory, John.” The detective complained.
The detective’s hands did not fall away, instead they urged John forward. With a gentleness that John had only witnessed the man use with him alone, the detective drew their faces together. The doctor’s eyes drifted from the man’s pale orbs to his mouth and back again, as a lust grew within him that he was all too familiar with. His tongue darted out to moisten his lips in anticipation, when Sherlock with held this gift. John’s eyes tried to focus on the man’s face, but their proximity prohibited this action. He could feel the hot breath of the other man on his mouth and it only made the burning desire grow hotter still, moving from his gut to his groin and to his throat, swelling everything in its path.
His restrained anger relaxed a smidge, as the elderly woman’s surprise moved quickly to a mild reproof, with a tsking click of her tongue.  One hand landed on her hip as the other shook a finger at him, as she drew out the syllables of his name, “Sherr-lock, I am surprised that you haven’t cleaned that up yet.  It looks dreadful.”
David could see the lines of worry, etching themselves ever deeper on the brow of his current lover.  He massaged his temple with one hand, as the other flicked through an app on his mobile.  The light from the smart phone’s screen only magnifying the creases with the harshness of its blue light in the darkness of the study.  Worry did not become the man that David had known as a steadfast steely-faced youth when they had both been mortal.
By this time Sherlock had gone thoroughly mad.  Marisa was growing increasingly short with him.  She spent more and more time away and the detective spent more and more time looking for her.  For how small the island was it was amazing how elusive the small ornithologist could be.  It was childish, like a game of hide and seek, but it gave the man something to do, something to occupy his mind.  She would rise before dawn, slipping out in the darkness, and even when he woke to watch her path through the window, she seemed to lose him.
They, like so many of their kind, did have a rather sorted and difficult history. Filled with past slights and peppered with rare but pleasant segments of time. It was those kinder times that would so often linger in the older vampire’s mind when he was feeling want to reminisce. Not an activity that was habit, as so very few times in his long past were not fraught with some form of turmoil and strife. It was one reason why he gravitated towards the raven-haired younger vampire, for after the scales were balanced he found more pleasure in this one mans company than in many of the others whom he had known over the centuries.
John could feel the man’s thin dexterous fingers combing through his hair, teasing and pulling, as he moaned for more. John gave it to him. His teeth sank into the tender skin, rough and greedy, lacerating the flesh of the other man’s neck with ease. The broken skin tickled his mouth as he pressed his lips over the edges of the open wound, which now pulsed with life. The cavern of his mouth was flooded with the sweet hot liquid and he swallowed each mouthful as it was pumped in. He could hear his own moaning join that of his lovers, could feel the sound vibrating in his throat and in his chest, as he was filled.
Sherlock scoffed. “You expect me to put John in harms way without knowing the slightest thing about what he will be going up against?”
They took a seat at a small table beside the window in the back corner, as one of the barista’s struggled to make Sherlock’s order.  John’s drink had been poured and served while Sherlock lectured the cashier about the accuracy of his latte order and the detective watched John’s hands now on the paper cup. His fingers seemed to stroke up and down the outside and he noted that John had removed the protective collar. It sat folded beside the cup on the table.
The barb was well placed and the genius was neatly taken off-guard by the comment for an instant. She had cleanly maneuvered him into a position where any denial would only further implement the truth of her words. Instead of playing her game of attempting to illicit a response of confirmation or condemnation he instead arced an elegant eyebrow and took a long drought of tea from his cup. His face a mask of cool passivity and plausible doubt aimed at her from over the rim of the delicate china cup.
“Oh heavens, I got so used to it being dead quiet with you gone that I'd almost forgot how much I missed hearing you racing around at night.” She chuckled with warmth in her tone, despite the exhaustion in her voice. “Not that it's keeping me up.” She added quickly, picking up her cup.
The sleek black car moved back into traffic, as Mycroft bypassed the question entirely, cutting directly to the chase, with a quick order, “You need to leave London, little brother.”  The command brooked no argument.  It was odd for his boisterous sibling to cut his terms so simply.
"You spent a long time with Louis," Sherlock surmised, "may I ask what you were doing?"
“Anything.” The detective emphatically responded, laying another gentle press of his lips against John’s mouth.
“No,” she corrected him brusquely, much to his surprise.  “You’re not, but you’ll get there.”
“I mean,” he reiterated, through clenched teeth, “that they expected time of him that took away from the work.  It was a bloody nuisance.”
John frowned at the detective and Sherlock took his silence as a means of room to make his case.  Rubbing his wrist, knowing John would be remorseful of the growing bruise, he took his time explaining, "I have my homeless network on the look out for anything relevant to our case and I would like to check in with one of my contacts in the area.  Angelo's is by far the best environment for you to practice integrating.  He knows you only marginally in comparison to some of your other closest friends and relatives and he is busy running a a resturant.  He will give you a double take, comment on how well you look, and then mention nothing further.  I am sure that will be less than what Lestrade was thinking when he ran into you this evening."
John felt it too, as if he was trying to find away into to the flesh of his lover. His throbbing desire pulsed and reminded him of exactly how much he wanted that. With all the skill of a trained fighter he hooked his foot around the taller man and toppled him to the ground, using his unnatural speed and strength to prevent any injury or hard impact. They were on the ground, John between Sherlock's long legs as the two men ground against one another. The kiss had been broken on the decent and he trailed the aggressive kisses back down the lean torso before effortlessly hooking Sherlock's legs over his arms and hefting the mans backside off the floor, as ran his tongue in a long lap through the crevasse of Sherlock's hip.
John waited a long moment to consider before he answered, "You know, I'm not quite ready to go yet. I think I'll stay a while and see you back at the house."
Sherlock felt his throat constricting, his loins twisting—he didn't want the other man to walk out—it had been days since they had last been together, years since they had bantered, chased down criminals, solved crimes...among other much less obvious things.  Then he felt it, a vibrating in the pocket of his black dress pants, and he pulled the cell phone from his pocket to read the text message illuminated on the screen. John paused, hesitated, prolonged the amount of time it took to slip into the still damp jacket he had picked up from the back of the chair in the kitchen.
“It’s not my fault she keeps them in the pantry so close to the door.” Sherlock retaliated, waspishly. “Just shoot the Glock. I can use your shots to rule out user-bias.”
John did not object when Lord Francis gently grasped his elbow, attention already shifting to how the hedges danced closer to him with every breath. Then they were moving again, and John fixated on the feel of the cobbles under his uncomfortable shoes.
Now was impossibly different, though. Now the young body was David’s and the first move had been his. He didn't try to read the man beyond what he could observe, something that was as natural to his subject as breathing was to anything else. He knew the desire just as keenly now as he had as a mortal man.
“Bloody hell,” he cursed, giving an irate shake of his head.  Everything in this kitchen was tampered with.
The man ignored his attempt.  His eyebrows knit in confusion, as he disapprovingly continued, “What possible reason would you have for removing such an entertaining novelty?”  He released a grating sigh, and groaned, “I am sure whatever it was that it’s convoluted and dreadfully boring.”
The words were tired and Sherlock watched the little energy that had perked the girl up, drain back away as her shoulder sagged. The weight of the more serious matters at hand again bearing down on her as she reached into her back pocket and withdrew the mobile. The screen illuminated the time as a tired yawn escaped her pretty lips, she rose from her seat with a languid stretch. A little shake to her whole body at full extension and again as she relaxed.
Sherlock nodded his head, not wanting to look at John yet.
Something had happened. Something had changed. The prick at the back of his skull was absent. Free to move, his head snapped to assess the demon.
A thought struck him, and he lowered the gun. “Where is Mrs. Hudson?” he asked, clueing into the absence of the older woman, like a child wondering why they hadn’t been caught yet, before joining in.
John did not want to stop feeding, not yet, but this thought plagued him like a taunting bully. He clung to the body in his arms, eyes screwed shut, and he could feel vibrations from the other man’s chest. It was the start of a soft laughter. The sound surprised him as it grew into a loud mocking chortle. The blood soured on his tongue, becoming thick like brown molasses, sticking to the roof of his mouth and his teeth.
It had taken the consulting detective only an hour after the incident with John in the flat to realize that he was allowing his emotional responses, both physical and mental, to supersede his own control over his thoughts and actions.  In his mind, it was the epitome of failure on all fronts.  He had paced about the flat like a worrisome teenager from those boring predictable telly shows, angst and superstition creeping into his mental vault, slowly coiling around the library within his mind palace.  The surprisingly unhelpful bumbling attempt at learning more about his mysterious new neighbor had been a prime example of what Sherlock had worked his entire adult life to avoid.  Emotions were destructive, distracting, and in no way aided his quest for understanding the strange new behaviors of his former flatmate.  They only succeeded in giving him a thrumming headache.  The pounding between his temples the knocking reminder that he could not explain any of it.
The English-woman was shocked for a moment at this gesture and Lestat delighted in her simultaneous mixture of enchantment, discomfort, and total bewilderment at this stunning man who had just regally kissed her hand.
Arriving at the house with Louis in the luxury car at his side was a small thing that he knew would drive Lestat mad if he had seen it. It had taken a little more effort than he had anticipated to unravel Lestat's activities and it was even more interesting to see how many little flies he had unintentionally attracted to his web.
“What?” the blogger clarified, his voice thick with cynicism, “My blog?”
“Ah.” Lestat acknowledged, not seeming surprised. The vampire looked around before eyeing David expectantly. “Where has my little detective gone off too?”
He made to sling another punch.  His hand was deflected and before he could rationalize what had happened his throat was being crushed and he was now looking down at the other man.  With lightning quick movements that the doctor could neither explain nor understand he had been hoisted up off of the couch by the hand that gripped his neck.  The hold was tight but not strangling, enough to balance his skull without crushing his windpipe—calculated and performed with skill—the arm that held him did not shiver with strain.  His feet dangling John tried haplessly to release the fingers that held him captive, all the while staring down into those glowing eyes.
Nervously, John’s tongue darted out to moisten his lips. He forced himself to look away from the detective’s intense gaze. He had fought this exact moment. Had deflected this discussion with the deftness of one whose life depended on it. Subconsciously, he supposed he had pegged his morality on it. He would not wish this life on anyone, especially not those that he loved and cared for. John remained silent, unable to speak through the twisting thoughts in his head.
The metal slab began to retract back into place and John panicked.  He attempted to lunge for the door, past the man, but a strong forearm held him sufficiently at bay until he was once again imprisoned.  Then the reality sank in and the doctor thrashed his way back from his captor.  Panic transitioned quickly to rage and John thrust a finger up at the man who held a good five—maybe six?—inches on him, bellowing, “What the hell is your game?  Was this your plan since moving in?!”
me?!"
The cold air of the evening was a welcome reprieve to his heated body.  His skin and head felt like they were burning.  It wasn’t sickness that caused it, although he may have welcomed that at the moment.  It was the agitation of mounting failure.
sound familiar to you?” he asked and then their eyes met again.  A hand shot up, flat palmed, and he went on, “No don’t answer.  I can tell by your blank expression that you haven’t.  Just like only weeks ago you discovered that vampires are real, so too exists a menagerie of secret societies that were created to monitor the various types of supernatural beings that exist in this world just below the surface of the mundane reality.”
Once outside he lost the scent trail for a moment, as he was bombarded by all the other scents and sounds that surrounded the area.  Just outside the small village he had to stop and collect himself in order to filter through it all.  After a moment, he was able to clear his head and hone in on the detective’s spoor.  Then he moved.
John could feel this shift in position but was barely aware of it cognitively.  Normally he would have resisted any such closeness, any other man’s hands on him in the intimate way that this creature had cradled him, but never had this happened to him before.  The mouth and tongue against his neck had started something that he could never find the words to explain.  It was powerfully addicting and he found himself unable to resist or even find the desire to fight it.  He felt the cool press of the rock hard body over him and did not mind being straddled, if it meant this would not end.  His eyelids felt heavy, they bobbed open and closed, before finally falling.  His breathing was slow and rhythmic but light and breathy.
“A girl!”
Sherlock raced across the bridge. The man’s name passed his lips, before he even realized he was screaming for him. The vampire did not respond and when he was finally at his lover’s side, he could see that John was catatonic. He called his name again, hands gripping the sides of his face, but all the vampire could do was shift his gaze to him.
The new vampire found it hard to look away from the beautiful smile on the Queen’s face.  The shifting shades of pink, brown, blue, and yellow, showed brilliantly in the clarity of the print, his immortal eyes picking up the suggestion of each individual brush stroke.  It was as though every moment he studied her, her majesty in turn scrutinized him.  David broke the spell, offering his guest a seat in on the leather round back club-chairs, as the other leaned back and seated his backside against the top of the desk.  John’s gaze went to the other man’s face, his vampirical eyes not failing to note the details of the weave in the fine fabric of the man’s dress shirt, and the other smiled warmly.
Louis hoped that the mortal might heed his warning and yet had little belief that the strong willed, insatiably curious, detective would.  There was a commonality between both Lestat’s need for entertainment and that of the attractive human in 221B above him that the younger vampire found disturbingly volatile.  Much to his own distaste his blonde maker was notorious for his unpredictability, many of his excuses registering near the same criteria that drove the brunet above to act—the sheer and elementary desire to fight off the bleakness of time and monotony.  Neither could withstand the effects, both minds and bodies withering within the mere prospects of dealing with either notion.  He feared that too much time together could draw to a dire conclusion.
The car pulled up to the curb outside the Baker Street flat and came to a stop.  Sherlock did not want to take the ticket but he found his fingers curling around it regardless.  He snatched it from his brother and then turned to exit the vehicle.  As he was about to slam the door a soft smooth voice called to him, “Mr. Holmes?”
The burgeoning writer had been flattered by the request and then just as quickly insulted. John pushed his feelings aside, as he acknowledged that he had been struggling through this last paragraph and reading the thing aloud would certainly allow for a new perspective. “Ugh, right.” The nervous blogger stumbled, scrolling to the top of the document. He didn’t dare look back again at the detective, as he moistened his lips, preparing to start.
“You like it.” The vampire whispered, as he kissed the pink raised nipple of the chest beneath him.  He took his time now that he was in, circling each nipple with his tongue, until Mycroft was begging for more.  Then he acquiesced to the others pleas, slowly pulling back and moving forward, rocking into a rhythm that would keep them moaning together for hours in mutual desire.
“And yet I do believe I’ve been referred to as such on several occasions,” Sherlock responded, his words weighted with bitterness, as he accused, “by you.”
Sherlock remembered hitting the floor, the feeling of his jelly legs crumpling under him as his face slammed into the floorboards.  He remembered hearing John’s quick approach, the grip of his hands around him and the press of his body close, as he was hauled back up and flopped safely back into bed.  John was not here to help him now.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice, hoarse with emotion, finally broke the silence. He swallowed to clear it, “I’m sorry. I won’t ask this of you again.”
John was powerful. He was made from Lestat’s own blood, a thick and powerful mixture of all those more ancient with whom he had exchanged blood. However, John was still a fledgling. Power would develop ever greater over time. For now, it did not make a lick of difference. Each punch he threw knocked Lestat back, grazed off the marble finish of his skin and the iron strength of his bones, effectively wracking more damaged on the ground beneath his head that to the perfectly androgynous face of the blond vampire.
And just like his hair, his physical form would never change. He would never grow a beard, or even stubble, he would never wrinkle or grow old. He would for all eternity be as he was now.
Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek to keep from blurting out his indignation at being left, still cuffed to the radiator and tried very hard to perform a feat of empathy for his friend. He had less and less compassion for the murdered woman who had occupied John’s heart, as he continued to struggle with discovering whom she had been prior and what had led to her being targeted.
Moriarty finished his procession at the alter inside the enclosure. He placed the thurible aside, and turned back to greet his audience with a wide patronizing smile.  “John…Watson,” he announced, in a loud voice, as though he truly were addressing a crowd in the small chapel room, “was a terribly bland and unremarkable man…and an even
“Exactly,” the detective declared with a nod. “That’s what the demon wanted. The very point of a demon in many cultures is to exact death and destruction for its own pleasure. This, if you recall, is exactly what Moriarty was accomplishing with his game. Most cultures believe that demons are not of this realm and therefore do not have a physical body. Demonic possession is how they enter our world, and that is how Moriarty has resurrected himself from the dead.”
Mrs. Hudson continued reasoning despite his thoughts.  “Besides, there was only a woman involved because John thought Sherlock was dead.  I stood by that grave with him after the funeral, all stifled tears and sobs.  John would never leave Sherlock—,”
The man tsked loudly, shaking his head.  He looked almost forlorn for only a moment before the onyx eyes gazed back at him and the stranger cast another radiant smile at Lestat. "I'm afraid he belonged to me long before you ever came to this sandbox.”  His head tilted to his shoulder, before the chin jutted forward and charitably the creature offered, “Now, I don't mind if you want to play with my toy some more, but noooooo..." the word was drawn out and melodic before he paused.  The smile melted away, as the whites of his eyes turned dark, "
Lestat wasn’t finished performing and to grind salt in the wound, he peered across at John, as he explained, “My gift to Sherlock is you, John, and my gift to you will be Sherlock.”
The trip home was a short one and the fair paid with ample tip, he couldn't be bothered to fuss with change. He wanted nothing more then the warmth of the bed he shared with the fiery woman he knew would sooth away the confusing thoughts and questions that threatened so persistently. Every fiber of his being was heavy with exhaustion and the trudge of his feet up the few small cement steps to their shared flat was overcome by thoughts of the release which sleep would bring. Gripping the cold steel of the hand rail he pulled himself towards the sanctuary with eyes downcast to ensure his foot cleared the vertical lift.  Then he stopped suddenly and a chill, not caused by the cold of the air around him, ran up his spine, as he noticed the front door was ajar.
Sherlock's face scrunched in curiosity as he waved his arms to indicate the empty space around them.  "Why not?  We're safe here, you said so yourself.  What is the harm in discussing it now?"
And here he was, the Great Sherlock Holmes, the world’s first consulting detective, a bloody wrecked mess.
Leaving her puffins weighed on her shoulders, almost as much as the reason why she had come.  It was a dual yoke that made the small shoulders droop.  She had left the heavy jumper and jeans behind on the island.  The girl here now was polished and refined, making her natural beauty even more distracting to the opposite sex.  She was dressed smartly in a navy blazer that covered a cream silk blouse, complimented by tight black pants that made her legs look unbelievably long in contrast to her overall petite stature.  He had also noted that there was a plum colored wool peacoat hung next to his own at the door, again lending to her comfortability and nonchalance with the idea of trespassing.  The style she wore suited her, but he knew it was not
“No, John,” the skull said, shedding pieces of rotten flesh as it moved against the fabric of the pillowcase.
Sherlock was slightly confused by the casually stated response, which had multiple avenues of possible intentions.  “But, to what end?” he redirected.
He shook off the thought, gave his face a cleansing rub of his hands, and decided that a shower was in order.  With the other man out of the flat the doctor could take his time, revel in the peace of his absence, and maybe watch some crappy telly without genius commentary pointing out exactly why it was crappy every-other scene.
"You felt like she forced your hand." Sherlock pointed out.
Greg shrugged and continued as if nothing had happened. “But it wasn’t in character.  You wouldn’t run off.  You’re more than capable of dealing with ‘im and I’m pretty sure Mary is,” he stopped and corrected, “was as well.”
He pulled back, sucking as his tongue coiled around the head, before delving back down. His hands kneaded Sherlock’s ass as his head continued to bob, fingers tracing along the rim to his entrance, circling closer and harder every time he sunk down. The detective’s hips had begun rocking to the rhythm of the older man’s mouth and hands, arching into the warm wet suction and trying to grind himself into the cool teasing fingers below.
On the brink of sinking he envisioned Molly, angry, and in crisp white.  She slapped him hard across the face and his body shook with the jolt of it. She reminded him he could not give in and urged him to latch onto the chill that was beginning to register through the haze. His eyes fluttered open to the room and he could see the dark silhouette of the blond standing with his back turned, several feet away.
It was also plain that she had been prepared to deal with him.  She was evasive and handled his temperament with ease.  He had been wrung for answers more so than he had reciprocated the action.  He was not used to being on the losing end of a questioning.  He was at a loss altogether though.
The amused curl to Louis’ full mouth was enough to entice a renewed arousal within the blond, as the two of them came together and silently scaled the staircase with ease, entering the flat completely undetected by the two mortals in the bathroom.  Louis may have been satisfied with eavesdropping on the happenings of the skilled genius detective from the bleak dreary flat in the basement, but Lestat was less compromising.  With the graceful agility gifted to the damned the two immortals padded past the gruesome spectacle in the kitchen, to take a seat on the two chairs pushed to the side from the pig splattered table.  They each sat silently, interests piqued at the following conversation that filtered unhampered by the walls and insulation of the flat from the bathroom to their sensitive ears.
With every deep thrust Sherlock seemed to get tighter and John wasn’t sure how long he would be able to last at this rate. Reaching out he grasped the detective’s cock and began pumping in the same rhythm of his thrusts, adding a twist of his wrist, He didn’t want to cum before Sherlock got off, that would just be rude.
He nuzzled John’s weeping erection, his tongue tracing a deliberately slow line up the length of it before pausing, his mouth hovering at the tip. Sherlock’s gaze travelled up the length of John’s panting form, bright eyes taking in everything that he was doing to the doctor.
With a frown, John wiggled, startled back to stillness when air puffed like the lion’s growl against his ear. Distantly, John knew that something wasn’t entirely as it should be. He needed to go- “-Home.”
“What the bloody hell…?” John hissed, shaking his head at the other man in disbelief and disgust.  He waved his arms in a vague motion that attempted to encompass the entire scene before adding, “What is all this?”
John visibly tensed at the mention of the his maker. "Hmph. I wouldn't trust anything that snake says."
Without turning his head the pale sapphire gaze was upon him through the long-lashed half lids, bereft of amusement from the direct approach Sherlock was taking with him. The blond released the rubber toy as it splashed into the soapy water and sent the white suds flying haphazardly. Most trailed down the pale sculpted flesh of the bathing man while others began darkening the detectives clothing with seeping moisture of popping bubbles. The sideways glance was appraising him and measuring his response and so he gave none.  Instead he remained as still and casual as possible, refusing to acknowledge the further attempt to distract from the original question he had posed.
"Oh would you?!" The slender mans face lit with a glee that Sherlock wasn't entirely convinced was contrived, which only served to confuse him more and subsequent to that confusion came the growing rage.
As his mouth worked, John began running a hand along the younger man’s torso. His fingers found a nipple and he squeezed, rolling the bud gently between his fingers. Sherlock arched and cried out, nails digging into his back once more. Rocking his hips, the genius wrapped one leg around John’s waist, erection pressing into his stomach as John’s was suddenly thrusting against his arse. Sherlock’s other hand dipped into his pants to cup his ass, stroking to their movements.
This wasn’t John’s gun, but still, the Glock 17 was comfortable in his grip. The part of his brain that fought to join this foray wanted desperately to know where the mad genius had come up with the pistol but the other half, which wanted very much to feel the Glock’s kick against his palm, dismissed this as being trivial. Sherlock moved aside and offered John his spot. The soldier felt the twisting of a smile pulling at the corner of his mouth, as he raised the muzzle of the pistol to the shaft and felt his finger steady on the trigger.
The man was young for one who had so much blood on his conscience. The mop of dark auburn curls and the soft rounded face reminded the vampire strikingly of another immortal, to which these distinguishing feature also helped disguise a more sinister creature. This young man has stalking the detective for quite a while but in the last two days he had, unknowingly become the prey and a decision had been made by the blond that he was a fitting piece to play next in the game he had set about concocting.
The tone shook John out of his stupor, and with his own anger flaring, he knocked the questing hands away from his skin. “I know what you want!” he snapped, beginning to sit up. “You’ve made that abundantly clear!”
The many layers of skirts hampered John's steps. After the third stumble, he lifted them, realizing that must be the reason so many women did that.
As he came to the top of the landing he could see that the door was slightly a jar, as Mrs. Hudson had explained she had left it.  The light from the window filtered in through the frosted glass beside it.  The elderly land lady called to him from the stairs below, “Is he—
to survive.”
“That certainly is very interesting.” He agreed, “Look, I can’t come over just now, Mrs. Hudson.  I have to settle a few things first but lock your door and don’t let anyone else in until I get there.”
Hesitating, John tried to move back, only to have Sherlock’s legs tighten around him, preventing any escape. “Don’t stop John.” The words were uttered in an almost urgent tone; the nails digging into his hips seemed to say the exact same thing.
“Ludvik and then Moriarty,” Sherlock confirmed.
“Foolish fragile little thing that you are now. You should have taken the gift when you had the chance, maybe I’d still be alive then, hm?” He knelt and violently yanked the man’s face up to look at him, hearing hair tearing from the scalp as he looked into the red-rimmed eyes that were wide with panic. “Now, Sherlock, he’s going to get us both and it’s all your fault.”
John wondered if the genius would return to his work, as he absently cleared the table of cold teacups. He tidied up, awaiting the man’s return. He used the loo himself, freshened up, ate some marmite on toast, and brewed his own cuppa.
The vampire's eyes shifted to the man, who was still rifling through papers.  It was nearly dawn, John could feel the suns approach like a weight growing on him.  His thoughts were repetitive and rhetorical anyway, questions that could not really be answered.  He decided to leave the detective to his work.  As he left the room, the man called after him, "May I…join you this time?"
John allowed the mouth to leave his own, gasping for a breath and moaning at the same time.  His eyes were screwed shut, his mind was frozen, he was on autopilot—this required it, all he wanted now was to feel and to enjoy the new sensations he was unaccustomed to experiencing when snogging.  The soft mouth moved lower and away, trailing wet kisses and stimulating scrapes of teeth against his neck.  Hot hands were against his skin, his jumper had been pulled up his torso, and he let out a soft cry of surprise as the wet tongue suddenly jumped to delve in and around his navel.  His entire body tensed in response, the tongue lapping, circling, tracing each bump of his abdominals in turn, before he felt the unmistakable pull of fingers at the fly of his jeans.
Mycroft assured him that the number of sources was innumerable, and with what little concrete basis of proper research available in mainstream reality, they were both like fish out of water. His brother lacked the resources to appeal to the Talmasca for held, and so the man could only offer his assistance if needed, nothing more. He knew that Mycroft would not leave his beloved city if he had no reason to, and he was awfully certain that the man knew where he was, even now. He always did.
It was actually quite endearing to find the detective working regardless of his predicament.  Somehow he must have hooked the leg of the coffee table with his long limbs and dragged his impromptu work station closer, continuing his work cross legged on the floor with only one hand.  John was even more surprised to see that the detective was able to right damn near as well with his left hand as he was able to with his right, which was of no use fastened to the radiator.    He had also continued to smoke, the room and his person infused with the odor.
do you think you are?" Lestat's voice was thick with rage. There had been some other drastic shift in the already impossible situation he was in and Sherlock struggled to keep his eyes open in hopes to bring the figures in the room into focus.
Momentarily, that gave Lestat pause to wonder if it was a good idea, after all. He, himself had been driven almost to madness at the things shown to him through creatures greater than himself in his pursuit of answers. Then he dismissed it as quickly as it had come, the genius could withstand it, he decided. It would be more troubling for his new fledgling but Louis had proven stronger than he had though and perhaps it was the same of John.
“You didn’t know him like I did.” He shot back.
After the taxi driver was paid, from an impressive wad of cash John had produced from his pocket—something else that Sherlock set aside for investigation at a later time—Sherlock stood on the stonework pathway for a minute, assessing the house before them.
Armand watched the intense figure of the other immortal from the corner of his eye. The rapt attention Louis payed to the performers on the stage below the balcony they occupied was endearing and quirked a smile of satisfaction to the corner of his lips. With perfect pitch and undulation, the final note rang out from the robust Ulisse as the last act of
There was a light huff of laughter from the blond vampire that stood opposite him, hands crossed over his body, as though this were a business meeting and not a supernatural crime scene.  The vampire was dressed for the part.  His pale blue dress shirt was rolled up to his elbows, streaked with droplets of crimson that stained the man from his chin to his knees, none of it his own.  The creature arched a skeptical brow and with a shake of his head, condescended the detective in a mocking tone, “Oh Sherlock, seriously? Don't be tedious, you know what happened.  Now hurry up would you, I haven't got all night.”  His voice paused and suddenly his form was before Sherlock, that leering pale face a foot from his own.  He was down on one knee, his icy gaze intense, as he quietly asked the detective at his mercy, “Now, do you accept my offer or not?”
He needed to get dressed and out, he needed to feed. The hunger was beginning to burn inside of him, consuming more and more of his thoughts with each second that ticked by. What he wanted to do however had nothing to do with leaving this room. Hell, it had nothing to do with leaving this bed for that matter. He turned fully away from the temptation sprawled out like a feast, feet touching down on the cool wooden floor as he prepared to vacate the room.
Sherlock froze, suddenly still, those eyes narrowing on the inspector.  “Post?” he asked.
Lestat had tasted enough pain in the unknown time he had spent in the company of this bastard demon-possessed madman to know enough not to answer. Instead, he cast his eyes skyward and remained as relaxed as he could will himself to be.
“Hot dogs, Lestrade, you know the kind made of questionable meat but too simple and too easy to be bad for you.” Sherlock quipped acridly.  “It was for an experiment, well, and a contest.  I lost and am very sore for it.”
The Irishman stood outside the black door of the flat he had been recently checking in on every couple of days, awaiting to be granted access.  He shoved his hand back in his pocket after having rung the buzzer.  It was cold out and the rain had turned more into a thick wet mizzle that soaked through anything.  He could feel the droplets forming on his brow and in his hair, ready to slip down the collar of his shirt, but he had resigned to the fact long ago that there was no escaping it.
John pressed his lips into a thin line.  He couldn’t come up with an answer, he still didn’t know who had attacked them in their home, who had killed Mary that awful night. He’d have to get that card.  It was the closest link he had to Mary’s killer.
The woman did not respond to the vampire either.  She watched him with a wary gaze that was both challenging and fearful.  She had right to be.  The creature let him go and took a seat in the only other chair at the tiny wooden table, with a heavy sigh.  “You two must have gotten along beautifully.  I can’t imagine two people who care to talk less than the two of you.” It was said for the sake of speaking, for filling the silence left in his wake.
Her eyes glanced up just as Sherlock turned to find the blond and before either of them could complete the movement the vampire was behind the detective.  His icy hands were on his shoulders and when Sherlock tried to break the hold, he failed, he was unable to even budge the statue-esque figure behind him.  Lestat gave a deep hearty chuckle, as the detective glanced askance at his keeper.  Marisa’s figure had straightened pertly, arms still folded but knuckles white with tension.  She was made uneasy by the vampire, so he had been correct in deducing that she knew very little about him.
Exasperated, the man’s hands flew apart and animatedly waved around, as he cried, “Does it matter?  She’s dead!  Who cares where they took her corpse?!  John is still out there and my focus lies with finding where.  I have no care to find dead bodies.”
Right now the focus of the blondes interest was turned on the battle that raged inside the doctors mind, as he tried to reason with himself all the pros and cons of being seated in such close proximity to the very naked and bathing form of the lithe man who was, not so long ago, someone whom he had and still did, love. Even as he loved his fiancé, dear Mary, whom he tried to flood his mind with now in order to combat the overflow of his memories of Sherlock’s same lean form in various states of ecstasy. In the very room where the sandy-blond was now, he recalled with a pang of guilt, that the same colored towels were hung on the rack as the last time they had indulged in one another’s pleasurable company.  To the doctor it felt like only a short time ago.
immortal scent laying claim to this man.  Just knowing that all others of his kind that came near would sense this as well, was as satisfying as any mortal climax.  There was no comparison.
Her eyes flashed up at him, dark blond lashes framing those piercing green eyes, as she pinned him with a reproachful glare, demanding, “I think you’ve had a long enough look.”  The waspish tone did little to deter him, the detective was use to such a response, and a staring contest ensued, where neither wished to lose by being the first to look away.  After a moment she relented.  Her eyes rolled again and she loosed a grating sigh.  Waving a delicately boned hand at him dismissively, she commented, “Look, either you can go put your clothes back on or you grab a chair and join me.  Do something!  You’re starting to freak me out.”
The detective’s mouth quirked at the corner, his eyes crinkling slightly with mirth.  “Isn’t it just as much your errand as hers?” he asked.
“She explained that they were aware but not of the perpetrator.” David replied, “The Talmasca was watching Lestat, hardly ever stop, but they simply did not have the access to your property.”
"As I suspected, beautiful one." Armand plucked back up the scotch and began to again swirl it to refresh its fragrance in the room. "You must be off, not because I wish it such but because you feel it time to depart and I would not keep you from your desires despite my own."
Therefore because Lestat was inclined to generally liken trouble and danger to the same mental and physical effects as ecstasy, his involvement in Louis' own personal affairs usually ended in two of the same ways. Lestat could ruin a trip to the Louvre simply because just admiring the precision and complexity of the precious artworks was too dull to keep his mind entertained. It was why Louis had aspired to keep this trip to London a secret.
"I will give you points for being a
A glance at the large round face of his clock on the wall told the doctor that he still had fifteen minutes to kill before his next patient, even if they happened to be early for their appointment.  It felt like a stab in the gut—why was that?  He felt his brows come down over his eyes and his own lips purse in thought, as his hand snagged his coffee, dark and black in the plain white mug before him on the desk top.  He brought it to his mouth and slurped.  It was hot, too much so to take the kind of draught his body desired.  The steam that wafted upwards left the tip of his nose damp.  He sipped again and let it return to its place on the desk, beside his own notepad, the pencil, the closed laptop, and his phone, feeling slightly disappointed that he couldn’t drown himself in the dark caffeinated liquid that tasted of cheap beans brewed too strong.
this psycho bite you?”
The vampire was too abrupt to have a minion come and serve his needs, plus there was no telling what had become of Lestat since his disappearance.  It seemed that Moriarty possessed quite a lot of supernatural power, for he had surely taken the vampire by surprise.  Obviously, she had ties to the Talmasca’s rebel faction in some capacity, but he doubted she was here solely on their behalf, and she would have never left the security of her hide-away-island and her puffins for her own purposes.  Why did she care about their endangerment?  She had no real tangible connection to either of them that would warrant a warning.
Their first field trip provided nothing, besides John’s breakfast, and soon the two men were moving on to the another of the location’s Sherlock had found through his cross-referencing. With the vampire having fed he was recharged enough to again experiment with the consulting detective and the results were slightly better than the first; images coming through faster and clearer.
"How is it that I am getting anything?" Sherlock countered.
This was the detective’s grave. The fake grave that Mycroft had allowed John to weep at to mourn the false death of his friend—his lover.
“You got all that from…this?” the silver haired man queried, waving his hands about the left over brains and blood on the cement before them.
“Come with me, Louis,” Armand purred from across the table, that hand reaching out again to clasp his own, alluring as the tips stroked over the back to his wrist.  “Surely Lestat can be without you for the evening.”
"You make a terrible keeper, not being able to get a sun tan." Sherlock chastised, as he turned his back on immortal and was making a point of looking out the large window that overlooked the landscaped side-garden.  “You may be immobilized by the sun, but it hinders me still not. So, I bid you adieu. I have to get back to work.”
As the fat cabbie cranked the wheel and sped back into traffic the dark head of the detective dipped forward, his eyes closed tight, and his fingers were drawn to his chin.  The eyes in the mirror that flicked between the red lights of the traffic he dodged around and the fare in his backseat probably thought he was deep in prayer.  Even though the stakes were escalating it was not prayer that would calm his racing pulse and mind.
John couldn't help himself.  "And with your popularity?  I am astonished."
John looked Mycroft back in the eyes, the gaze was unwavering and utterly emotionless.
Marisa stood near a large door, with an appropriately large iron key in her hand. She too was tucked low to accommodate the clearance of the ceiling.
The detective rose from his chair to get his drink.  The blond male barista was still holding the cup, as he approached. “Extra hot.” The man announced proudly.
Louis was not pleased with the suggestion, but he was nevertheless amused that the blond never ceased trying to lavish him with his money and power.  Normally he would outright refuse the offer, knowing that giving an inch to the other vampire usually meant that you lost a mile, however, on this occasion Louis was more than a little curious about the blonde’s intentions.  Considering his options carefully the fledgling finally accepted his elder's proposal, on the condition that the other understood that he would return to his own humble accommodations on Baker Street before dawn.
Molly stammered a second, anger flushing her narrow face, as she groped for a response, "Well... I-I don't-"
After staring quizzically at the hand for a moment he shook his head, immediately remembering that he had decided not to do that again as more pain shot through his neck and into his skull. “I’m fine,” he repeated. Yea, he was just peachy.
“Where did Lestat take you?” John inquired softly, interested but still exhausted.
The doctor’s composure broke.  “A secret agent?!” he blustered brusquely, his fingers knit together, white knuckled, to keep them from flying at the other, “For what?  Monitoring vampires?!”
Then the door was shut and silently the vampire went down into his own flat.  Above he finally heard the steps retreat and his dark brows knit together.  It had been more information than he had ever wanted to give the man regarding himself.  There were many stories that his kind told to cover their true identity, their monstrous nature, but Louis refrained if at all possible.  Daniel had been his only real exception and the consequences of that were all too apparent still on Armand’s troubled features that same evening.  Giving Sherlock information was certainly dangerous and lying to the man was moot.  He had no wish to entertain the man if he became interested—he would disappear, it was easier and less complicated for both of them.
Sherlock groaned low in the back of his throat beneath the immortal, tri-coloured eyes blazing when they locked with John’s own. He could see the faster than light thoughts flickering through the genius’s mind, far too fast for John to pick out just what he was thinking. One word, however, seemed to repeat in the background, a low hum that reverberated through John’s entire being. Mine.
With as much effort as it would take one to pluck a petal from a flower the slender fingers tore the head clean off the thick rubber body of the bath toy before the eyes narrowed and focused on the consulting detective. Completely without warning the severed head of the duck struck him hard in the right sinus. Sherlock had to prevent himself from being totally staggered at the force of the impact. He was entirely incapable of reasoning how he could have been taken off his guard so suddenly, his mind was reeling worse than his face hurt from the blow and he quickly corrected his stance and rubbed at the wet welt below his left eye.
“And you met this girl…” John dropped the last end of the question, hoping the detective would get his drift. Sherlock never really had explained what he had been doing during the time that John had been with Louis in Canada.
Sherlock’s arm coiled around him, clutching him tightly while his other hand increased their pace. He began to thrust into John more easily, angling himself to hit the prostate with every thrust.
Lestat considered himself a simple creature. Challenge him with what could not be done and he would rise to the occasion, willing to burn down the world in order to prove otherwise. He loved with every fiber in his unnatural and marblesque being, and would do anything to protect and save, those few who were worthy of that love and unrelenting loyalty. There was a raging storm that screamed and fought and roared inside him, full of loss, hope, and a desperate and painful need, yet one touch from his Louis and for a little while, the storm would quiet. Louis was the lighthouse that guided him home, had stayed by and tended to him through these bouts of insanity. Once in a great while, Lestat knew that he served that same purpose in kind for his fledgling.
“Just awful isn’t it?” Mrs. Hudson’ hand patted the back of his, reassuringly, “I didn’t really think it was possible but you look even more pale than usual. Are you ok, Louis? You needn’t worry, I’m sure Sherlock will…”
John glanced back, and there was no mistaking who the comment belonged to. The genius’ hand was up, and those long fingers were massaging the bridge of his nose.
Sherlock looked offended, scoffing waspishly, “You’re not going to undo this?  My hands gone numb.
The answer hung stalely in the air until he followed it somewhat lamely admitting, “I didn’t mean to break her neck, you know.” Lestat gave David the impression of a child, remorseful for breaking a friends toy. “She was just too fragile, like a bird.”
There was silence. Lestat stood over the form of his lover whom had caught himself yet still sat somewhat on the floor, the emerald eyes turned away and a hand to the cheek that was so rudely assaulted.
There was no mistaking the voice.
"I do apologize." The male voice was velvet, syllables perfectly measured like a short perfect rhythm, only lending to the doctor’s agitation.
Heavy white snowflakes fell all around and blanketing the city, adding a new crisp brightness to the dark London streets. The grime from the roadways and vehicles turned the slush to an ugly brown that had begun to push up and puddle against the edges of the side walk, mingling with the snow shoveled diligently by shop owners who were not used to shoveling.  It was not often that it snowed in London, so the soft whisping flakes seemed extra special those whom knew enough to appreciate them. Louis’ sneakers were no match and so he headed out at the start of the evening to acquired new footwear more suited to the wet London winter and in his first stop had settled on a pair dark brown leather Faulkner tops.
The little struggle that John had managed to put up now ceased. It was never clearer that blood had everything to do with Moriarty’s power over all of them. He had licked Sherlock’s face and taken over his body, now John was placid as he hung, bleeding out.
