“Stand tall.” Steve commanded loudly, now turning ever so slightly to look at the row with his hands folded behind his back. His expression was one of steel and though he addressed them all, Tony felt like Steve was directing it at him.
“The best Tony. You’re the best.” Steve murmurs and sighs softly. “I know you’ll remember. Because you always find a way. That’s you.”
“Just listening.” Tony replied quietly and released a breath when Steve nodded and leaned back again. Their hands didn’t move though.
“That...we’ll just have to be professional. It’s not like you’ll see me all the time, it’ll just be the R and D department mostly. And anyway, things have changed between us after all. I don’t see us going back.”
“Wanna spar? Might be good to let some steam out.” Steve asked carefully, suddenly feeling glued to Stark’s eyes.
“I’ve known it’s you from the start. When you woke up after the Chitauri fight and I saw your arc reactor. Thor saw too.” Steve said calmly, keeping still in a false show of control. “I know. And I have so many feelings for you. More than you could imagine.”
A part of Tony’s heart sank. Would he be told he was no where near as good? Was this going to lead to how similar he was to Howard?
The total time to the warehouse by flight was about three hours with the quinjet. Tony’s suit dropped that time to forty-five minutes.
The cutlery clattered on his plate. Tony didn’t know what to say. “I-I...I’m not-“ just as he spoke, his phone went off and he scowled and fumbled with pulling it out of his pocket. A message appeared.
"Yeah but why take a chance?" Tony shrugged tiredly and folded his arms, dropping the smile. "I'm a liability."
Head rising, he closed the book and nodded in Tony’s direction, a slow smile appearing on his face. “I am glad to see you pet. How was it?”
A sudden flurry of whispers escaped the crowd. Around him, Tony heard a few gasps and mentions of Whitney being sloppy. A grin spread across his face.
“I think...” It’s so hard to know. If he's tried so hard for this baby, what if he remembers everything and wants to keep this baby. What if he really is happy where he is?
“C’mon. Let’s get you home.” Steve whispered and linked a hand around Tony’s waist to guide him back. It wouldn't be easy, he knew. This wasn't some magical fix. But it was a start.
Before Rogers can say, Ty appears again, this time with the obstetrician in tow. She looks mildly exhausted and Tony almost winces in sympathy. It can’t be easy for her either. No one would want to be caught in the middle of this.
“Yeah, it is.” Steve smiled and then stopped and looked at him for a second before leaning closer. “Do you wanna see my mark?”
His heart ached. His mouth went dry and his eyes turned unseeing. Suddenly he was taken back to that moment where he’d learned about what had happened to Steve. And who he’d blamed for it.
Steve nodded, watching the ball in Tony’s hand. “That’s one way. The other is to feel threatened. Either our property needs to be affected or our pack.”
“Yes, of course. Someone who doesn’t care about you would definitely pick you straight up the minute something happened to you and carry you to the med bay the second they thought you were in danger. Of course that’s what they’d do.”
"You wouldn't...you wouldn't stop me. In my head." Tony croaks and feels his heart ache. "You wouldn't...you wouldn't
“Sort of. I kind of run my own special unit and these guys are part of it. We work pretty closely with the police though.”
In the time Tony had to think about things between the previous excursion and the one he’d just started, he realized several things.
“You’re hurt.” Rogers says softly and shit, his eyes are starting to water. “I could lose you over this. And you’re pregnant too, we’re gonna have a baby and I put you at risk by letting you on the field-“
With a grunt, Ty snatches his hand away and steps back. Tony longs for Steve to stay close, he’s so close right now-
Fury sighed and looked at him. “Same thing as you. Now go home and eat. Maria told me you need food.”
“Cap. Winghead.” He knew all eyes were watching him now but he didn’t have time to hide pet names. Steve wasn’t answering. He wasn’t answering.
Steve turned and fixed him with an assessing look. “You must be tired of wandering around the same blocks. We won’t go far, just to that roof over there.” He pointed to a roof several blocks away and well...
Hands took hold of him and lay him down gently, positioning him until his head was resting in Steve’s lap. He felt a hand press into his hair gently and hold the position there.
True to his word, Steve notified him of his armor being available in the office. Tony's mind was still reeling from the realization that Steve had no issues with him using it. It was hard to believe Steve was willing to go all the way down to get the suit for him. If Tony didn't know any better, he'd say Steve
“That would be the blood loss and anemia kicking in. Please lie down, Mr Stark. Take a deep breath for me.”
Perhaps he’d just wait it out. What was the worst thing that could happen? Perhaps the man hadn't seen him at all.
“They are becoming more active.” Norman observed, crossing his legs and leaning back against the cushions. Tony kept his back straight as he quietly listened. In the study, he was not permitted to speak without probing.
Steve! You're right about me, about everything you said. I'm not a good person and being with me is like...being trapped. You don't want to be with me."
“Shhhh, you’re okay. We’ve been searching for some time. As soon as we clocked onto your coordinates, we began the retreat. The others are coming, I’ve already sent a signal.” Steve said and pressed his lips to Tony’s hair. "You're going to be okay, we'll deal with it, whatever it is."
In his memory, Steve never said it back. So he knows he probably won’t hear that but just being able to tell him-
If Tony hadn't been so paralyzed by the news, he would've felt the sting of betrayal hit even harder. As it was, Tony was just struggling to even breathe.
He doesn’t want to give his body up. He thinks, in the darkest corners of his mind, that he’d rather succumb to the cold than give himself...that way.
Tony’s head shot up. He narrowed his eyes, thinking back to how insistent Steve had been that he’d wanted this.
She’d smiled, pressing a kiss to his forehead and to this day, Tony could still remember his exact thoughts.
Frustratingly, Zeke merely waved his hands; a clear sign he was ready to end the discussion. “It’s nothing of concern. He is simply a menace. Him and his merry band of animals. If you ever see him, remember one thing; that man is nothing but trouble and will stop at nothing, and I mean
Steve lets go of Reed like he’s been burned. It’s the fire, the sheer anger in Reed’s eyes that throws him.
Steve eyed him carefully again before smiling a little. “Maybe I do. But that’s fine, I’ll show you some other time. I’m surprised though, most people are dying to see my mark. It being Captain America’s mark and all.”
Slowly he reached up and twisted the tap off. Then he placed his palms on the sides of the sink and looked up at his reflection. And in the mirror the door opened behind him.
The doctor went quiet for a moment. Then he followed his gaze and stared at Tony too, making Tony feel like a subject under a microscope. Only this was worse.
“You heard him.” Tony hears Rogers say behind him and knows that Rogers is extremely smug. “See you in the morning.”
“I just want you to know, you made me so happy. Even for a little while.” Tony whispered softly, feeling his eyes water and something wet trail down his cheek. He let them fall, not wanting to waste even a second, basking in Steve’s glow.
Steve pulled him back ever so gently and looked him over, bringing his hands up to cup Tony’s face. Then he leaned down and pressed his lips to Tony’s.
“I hate you.” Tony mumbles and instantly goes for his wardrobe to find some clothes to change into. “Stupid alpha making a mess.” He grumbles under his breath for good measure.
“But...” Tony tried to form the words but they didn’t budge. What was the idea behind taking him along? Any of the others would’ve been better suited, he just knew it.
“Tony...” Steve whispered and shook his head silently, like he didn’t want to accept it. Like he didn’t know how. Tony almost felt sorry for him and wanted to comfort him.
“He’s a good one isn’t he? Honestly, the best choice.” Pierce beamed, pulling Tony close and Fury eyed the gesture but didn’t comment on it. Instead, he fixed Tony with a concerned look.
“Is that it?” Steve said quietly, eyeing the small bottle of liquid in the case. It wasn’t an ordinary case he was staring at. It was a vibranium alloy casing with adamantium locks. And inside was one of the world’s most deadliest virus’ known to man.
“Steve...” Tony said quietly, feeling something ease a little when Steve looked at him sleepily. “Are you...”
“Tony. Breathe.” Steve said quietly and Tony looked away sharply, feeling horribly embarrassed. Couldn’t he keep it together, even for a minute? What the fuck was wrong with him?
“Ha, yeah. I guess it’s just clumsiness. Maybe I’m tired. You know how it is, all these days spent being an Avenger.” Tony smiled, though the minute he did, Stern pounced on him.
The thought of four hours with Steve circled his mind and he hadn't really thought about that until now. It'd be just the two of them. No one else. Just him and Steve.
The armor's face-plate was cold and harsh to his pleas. For the first time ever, Steve didn’t know what Iron man was thinking.
“Every time you saw them, you’d cringe. I had a feeling but-“ Steve huffed and shook his head. “Thanks for telling me.
"Yeah, sorry." Tony slammed his fist down on one of the robots that was trying to rip an agent's arm off. "I decided to break in. Hope that's not a problem."
He wraps his jacket around his shoulders tighter and folds his arms against his chest, hunching down. He heard someone mention there was meant to be a storm coming with a slight chance of snow.
“Sure.” Tony tried not to laugh at how quickly Steve relaxed and resumed that air of confidence. “Dance it is. Though I didn’t know you were a professional.” Tony snickered but then stopped and quickly glanced at him. Steve didn’t seem offended though. He looked quite pleased instead.
Clint grabbed the shoulder of the armor and turned him around gently, nodding to the medics to signal he'd take over.
He didn’t have anything against the man, not at all. On the contrary, he respected Mr. Stark’s efforts to do his part even if it was just giving money over.
“You like it rough. A little bit of biting, and bit of marking and being held down. And sometimes you want me to give it to you and sometimes you want to fight me. It’s fun and pretty intense.” Ty shrugs like he’s not ashamed to reveal their secrets. “I once remember a time during your heat where I held you down and you took it for hours and-“
“Yeah.” Tony sniffed, wiping his tears with the back of his hand. “I figured you were done with me. So I agreed to go through with it. I never thought you didn’t want it either.”
“Of course I’m worried!” Steve growls and starts pacing in the kitchen like he’s desperate to fight. “He could take you away! My omega and my pup, and I’m supposed to just sit here and let it happen-“
“This is like the bike thing isn’t it? It’s the same thing.” Steve said, looked annoyed as he walked up to him until he was inches away from Tony’s shoulders.
Together, they left the bike and walked towards the restaurant. It didn’t look like a typical joint but at the same time...
"You did good! In fact, I'd say better than good." Steve smiled, and somehow he was only a few feet away and walking towards him.
“Home. As in my place.” Steve said through grit teeth and when Tony looked at him in surprise, he noted the white-knuckled grip Steve had on the steering wheel.
There he was in the corner of the tape, furthest away from the growing press. He seemed to be talking to some creature, one that looked similar to a human from this angle, especially in those civilian clothes.
“What about you? You have a type?” Steve continued and a laugh bubbled out of Tony. He’d never been asked that before.
Tony couldn’t help but roll his eyes at that. Didn’t she often tell him how lucky he was to stay? How great of a privilege it was? What happened to
With a soft smile, rested his chin on his fist and used his other hand to beckon Tony closer. With a frown, Tony did and then-
“How’s that killing spree of yours going? You know, the one you warned me about?” Steve chirped behind him, making Tony jump back with a cry.
Tony’s screams turned into a choked sob. His eyes leaked tears of pain and frustration as he felt her toss his arm to the floor. When his eyes flickered towards it, he whimpered, feeling like an animal about to be put down.
Once he was by Steve’s side, he landed and turned around. It was a giant robot, almost identical to the one on the Helicarrier, only this one looked newer since parts of it were gleaming. And to everyone’s delight, the smaller robots scattered around all came to life as well and chose that moment to start coming towards them. So much for getting lucky.
“I remember giving this to you.” Steve continued, looking as if the weight of the world had fallen off his shoulders. It was a startling realisation to see how relieved Steve was now.
Tony felt his eyes burn. If he had his shades this wouldn’t have been a problem. But here, in front of these men, mocking him and reminding him of his shortcomings, just minutes after he’d made the decision to move on from Steve-
“Bah.” Gabe rolled his eyes and let him go, reaching for one of the ridiculously decorated gold napkins on the table.
“He’s okay for now. Not unstable but definitely not where I would like him to be. I’m ordering set meals. Lots of foods containing iron and lots of fluids. I can tell just by looking at him that he’s not eating, so I’m gonna order weekly bloods tests until he’s back on track.”
“Do you know that bishops can become queen pieces? If played right, the queen can be replaced. But the loss is damaging. Tell me Captain.” Reed turns and looks him dead in the eye. “Does the loss of your Queen bother you?”
When they arrived he was greeted by Steve this time. Out on the landing strip, he was stood tall in his Commander uniform, with about ten men and women all standing in military rest behind him.
“Then why?” Steve whispered, sounding heartbroken. “Why did you send them? You never even spoke to me. Not once.”
Rolling over towards the window, he groaned and yanked his pillow over his head. The banging was loud enough to beat the pattern in his head. It was almost like being in a frat house with a bunch of teenagers, which was rich coming from him since he’d had his fair share of fun.
He was so fed up. Everyday was just a series of insults being thrown in his face. From the moment he woke up, to the moment he fell asleep, there was something.
“I do.” Steve said simply, running his hands over the armor carefully from top to bottom. The gold mesh was doing wonders and Steve could hardly see the places where Tony had been hurt. That raised the next question though.
“Even better.” Tony said with a smile and felt lighter than he had in months at the prospect of actually doing what he was good at. He was known for this before Ironman and the Avengers. He could help these men and women make a difference. “I’m happy to help. You just put me where you need me.”
All of a sudden it was too much. Like screaming into a void and realizing nothing would come back. How did Clint not get it?
Pausing, the doctor pulled up a clipboard and began to jot some things down. After a while, he looked up from his notes and inspected Tony carefully.
“Why don’t you go first?” Tony suggested, spinning on his feet to meet Maria’s unimpressed gaze. “He likes you more after all.”
“You make me sick.” Tony growled sharply and all of a sudden twisted out of Steve’s grasp and latched onto his collar to yank him into a fierce, scorching kiss. Tony pressed and pushed and pulled and tugged and took and didn’t let go.
Everything is a process. Tony accepts Bucky’s conditions and helps him don the Shield. As much as Tony doesn’t want to admit it, Bucky takes to the role like he was born for it. A more violent Captain America, sure. But Captain America none-the-less.
“Don’t tell me my feelings aren’t real, Tony.” Steve suddenly growled and Tony stiffened for a second before looking up to meet Steve’s fierce expression. Somehow, even bed-bound Steve was managing to shift him onto the back-foot. Something about Steve was always in control even after being tossed into the air by an army of bots. Or taking a dozen plus bullets for his friend.
“God, don’t-don’t cry Tony. Please, I can’t, not with everything we've discussed.” Steve swallowed, cupping his mouth desperately. “Seeing you like this, it destroys me, I told you.”
There was an awkward moment of silence between them. After a few minutes of just looking at each other, Steve seemed to make a decision and stuck his hand out with a smile.
"Sleep Tony." He hears and before long, feels his eyes fall shut and his body loosen. He thinks Steve doesn't look away and silently he prays that this isn't a dream. That either Steve is alive or he is dead. Either one.
Tony startled at the voice behind him. His body juddered and froze, almost sending him off the ledge. He was about to right himself when suddenly a broad arm swooped in and wrapped around his waist quickly, halting his fall completely.
Steve looked like he was barely containing a laugh. A slow grin spread across his face and he leaned closer. Instead of feeling crowded, Tony felt so warm and subtly he shifted closer to Steve.
When he opened the door, he didn’t know whether to turn back round or scream. The entire group of scientists were hunched around the TV, and looked like they were watching some kind of action movie. They were laughing and shouting just as the sound of gunfire roared through the screen.
Steve looked hurt. “You mean you were lying?” He whispered, sounding horrified. Those golden eyes were starting to glisten.
Nodding to Nat and Hank, he turned and walked towards the prep stations and waited. Once Carol and Thor gave the all clear, he would go out next.
Either way, he was content to stay in his penthouse and let them all carry on. Just because they all thought he was an Avenger didn’t mean he really belonged with them. He was happy enough by himself.
The whole world froze. Tony’s heart stopped. His body felt like it was free-falling and still, all at once. Nothing else mattered but the soft, gentle press of Steve’s lips against his.
Tony turned his head and looked up to the window. The pale light was starting to brighten into a soft gold. It was beautiful.
After pushing his lips further against Steve’s, Tony pulls up and takes a deep breath, feeling his eyes sting at the amount of dust and toxins in the air. His mind is racing, swirling with the possibilities of more. He’s always wanted to kiss Steve but to get the chance when they are both barely breathing? That isn't fair.
She looked great. Her blond hair was on the long side and her uniform was well maintained. She looked just as radiant and powerful as always.
“Shield won’t hold onto you shares forever Tony. But if I just give them over straight away once I have them...” Steve bit his lip and considered it. “How about I come up with a draft and you tweak it. If you agree then we can get you started on the work straight away. The sooner you start, the better.”
For the first time in a long time, Tony didn't really have an answer. Had he thought he'd see Steve more? Had he done it because he'd held out hope? Or was it all just because he'd felt so detached that he'd thought he'd find a new way forward by working under Steve?
“Well I’m not going to wait much longer. I think we’re at the point where we can consider bonding. I just don’t want to make him uncomfortable.”
Leaping from roof to roof, he crossed all parts of his block in sequenced order, checking the humans he’d left slumped in each dark corner. None had moved but all of them still thrummed with life and so thankfully, there would be no deaths here tonight. Not that Zeke cared; his rules had been clear.
“No can do Captain.” Tony says in the same tone and it almost baffles Steve how he can be so blaze about something so important. “I’d prefer to keep it on, thanks.”
Fury’s hand was clenched tight around the glass, enough that Tony would have to pry his fingers away one by one before he had a chance to take it. And when Tony looked back up, he noticed Fury looking straight at someone across the dance floor. Tony followed his gaze and stared.
“Can you give us some time alone please?” Steve asked, giving him a knowing look, and Tony’s head shot up in awe. The doctors seemed just as surprised.
He could feel Steve frowning at him from the side but he ignored the blond train wreck by reaching for his wallet. Only the tailor stopped him.
“Half eleven. It’s nearly lunch.” Steve replied, turning around to lay the bowls on the island in the middle of the kitchen. He noticed Tony resting his head in one hand with his eyes closed like he was nursing a headache. Worryingly, Tony’s face looked very pale.
“This old man troubling you Tony? Don’t let Gabe frighten you, he’s a real softie underneath. Kind of like our Steve.” Dugan ruffled his hair a little and let go, pulling the seat out on Tony’s left. “Troublemakers, the lot of them!”
Delighted, Tony cleared his throat and broke through the chatter. Carefully, he snuck into the crowd and pushed towards the front, standing just behind the twins. “Norman. Father wants you.”
"You don't know what I feel." Tony chuckled softly, rubbing at his eyes again. They ached by this point but he was slowly getting used to it. Much like everything else. "And he already told me there's no going back."
Silently, Tony reached out and took Steve’s limp hand in his own. Slowly he closed his hand around it and squeezed, hoping Steve could feel it.
Tears leak from his eyes. His throat closes up and threatens to choke him and he hears sobs start to escape from inside. He kneels slowly on the floor and holds the photo frame to his chest as he bends over and weeps for the first time over Steve’s death.
Pierce seemed to eye him carefully. Then his own smile dipped a little further and he shook his head firmly.
Zeke merely patted his cheek and smiled. “Be good for them pet. You’ll be bonded in a few weeks time.”
“He’s distant. He doesn’t talk much. And when I asked his team why he hadn’t come to me sooner, they just...”
The dim light reflects off something in the distance. The photo frame is still on his table. The bottle is sitting next to it and so are the pills.
“Still a fair bit to go. The coordinates are listed here, see? They haven’t moved but then again, we have no idea if the distress call was meant for us.” She said distantly with a slight eye-roll, twisting a few of the dials and clicking on several buttons. On the radar screen, a red dot appeared and flashed in that familiar sequence.
“Sure. Because that stopped us before.” Steve continued tiredly and Tony groaned because why did they have to do this? Why couldn’t they just...move on?
Tony burst out into a high pitched laughter, making Steve jerk back in shock. He didn’t care, he knew he looked a little hysterical, doubled over and holding his stomach, but who gave a shit?
“Drink up kid. There’s a whole evening to go yet.” And with that, Pierce handed him a drink, straight off the rocks. There were two cubes of ice in there, just the way Tony liked it.
“Yes. Actually, if it’s alright with you, I’d like to apologize.” Pierce said, and glanced briefly at Fury. “Can I talk to the boy alone for a minute?”
Steve squinted his eyes and poked at his chest curiously. “But I’ve not got any hair here. I mean, I have some down there obviously but it’s blond and-“
Pierce’s eyes sharpened at that. Then he pursed his lips and clicked his tongue with a shake of his head.
“Well.” Tony blew out a breath and stood up slowly. “I think it’s time I leave. You know where to find me. If you change your mind that is.”
Tony didn’t have even a second to react. Just as the words passed his lips, Steve had sauntered over to him and had wrapped an arm around his waist, physically pulling him towards the bike. Once close enough, Steve bracketed Tony against it, peering at him carefully. He leaned close enough for their breath to be shared and Tony was forced to look up.
“Of course.” He scoffs and tries not to let her defeated look put him off. “They’re so kind. After betraying me and the entire team. Such good people.”
“I do care. You know I do.” Steve said sharply, losing just a hair of that calm composure for a moment. “I’ve always cared when it’s comes to you.”
“But he never gives us more! You always promise and he never gives us anything!” Zachariah begged and begged and as always, Tony said what he always did.
“We all know who you are Tony. And Cap would never bond to someone he didn’t think was special. He must’ve seen something he liked so-“ Peter clapped his hands together loudly. “That makes you one of us. I can’t wait to get to know you.”
“I don’t play it safe. If there’s something you should know about me, it’s that.” Steve’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts and he opened his eyes to find Steve staring at him intently.
“C’mon sweetheart.” The guy purred but there was an ugly gleam in his eye. “Be good and get in the truck.”
“Yeah. Yeah. It’s good to have you back.” Steve swallowed and started to blink rapidly, feeling for all the world like he really had let Tony down. How had he let the man he loved, fall into the hands of that-
He also isn’t afraid to admit that maybe he needs to calm down a little. If even for the sake of the incursions.
“Oh yeah. It only took five seconds before Mr. Nice at the front door decided I’d be much better on the tarmac. Not that I blame him or anything.”
“Can’t you stay for even a little while? We can get a milkshake with one of those neat bendy straws.”
“Yes my lord.” The recurrent thought appeared in Tony’s mind and he tried to seize the chance again. “If Whitney can’t leave, maybe I could go out? Perhaps I could forage for the family-“
“I can’t thank you enough for this meeting. I know things have been busy, what with being a CEO of such a great company.”
Shaken from his thoughts, Tony shook his head and looked at the Cap-tsum that had his eyes fixed on his mate. Carefully, Tony set Cap-tsum down and watched as it instantly went towards Iron-tsum and began to circle it carefully, making encouraging peeps and nuzzling Iron-tsum’s sides gently. They were together. A
The Avengers place cuffs on each of the Illuminati members present. They take them in and leave for the Helicarrier, already logging thumb prints and reports.
“Long.” Steve said smoothly and didn’t say anything else. Minutes passed much to Tony’s extreme disappointment but then-
“Well that’s just great. I'll have to take you up on that Avenger.” Steve teased back and when Tony looked up at him, Steve just gave him a warm smile that was soft around the edges, and just a little happier than before.
It reminded Steve of his mother. Seeing Tony like this, it really reminded him of her. Once, after his father had passed away, Steve must’ve been no older than ten when he’d walked into his mother’s room. He could still remember the thick cloying scent in the air. His mother, who he’d never imagined could be brought down by anything, not by something as concealed as biology, had been lying on her bed, sheets torn and turned like the end of a hurricane. Her arm had been thrown over her eyes, sweat creating a sheen over her skin, and her sobs had been so loud, Steve had been certain the neighbors would hear.
For a full minute, nothing happened. Then suddenly, as if controlled by puppet strings, Tony reached out and curled his hands around Steve’s waist, pressing his body against him and leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder. His hair tickled Steve’s chin and his hands shook against Steve’s back but he held his position firmly. He seemed to be waiting for a reaction because Steve couldn’t feel him breathing.
Tony’s head spun. He couldn’t help but look at the space Steve was making. He could easily fit in that space. Be in Steve’s lap and let his huge hands steady him as he leaned in to press his lips to Steve’s-
Carefully, he slips his numb fingers into the one, un-torn pocket of his pants and tries to grasp for his Identi-card. The one that says his name and title and the fact that he’s Iron man. With icy fingers, he takes hold of it and pulls it out in front of him.
The blood made his taste buds soar. It was so different and Tony wanted to scream and shout and cry because Steve had
“That’s true. I’m guessing that’s because they can’t really defend themselves from creatures like us.”
, glared and approached them both, taking Tony by the wrist and pulling him back before he could even protest.
“Are you drunk?” Steve asked with a frown, eyeing stain on his shirt and the glasses on the table, including the one Tony was still nursing in his hand.
“I suspected something like that. When I first met you.” Steve interrupted him, just as he was leaning a passed out human against the wall.
“Tony? Don’t do this to me, I’m sorry okay?” Steve begs and tears stream down his face as he chokes. “I’m s-sorry.”
“I can’t believe this went so far.” Steve said quietly, sounding like he’d been wounded. Tony could relate.
“You should see yours.” Steve smiled and at Tony’s puzzled look, he rolled him over gently until he was on his stomach and reached for Tony’s phone on the bedside table. A few clicks and then Steve let him roll back.
It had been a long time since Tony had enjoyed sex like that. Once he’d turned, no human or creature would look at him the same way, and his life had been contained in one place full of strict rules and no place for that.
“Full moon soon...” He murmured under his breath. Then he looked back and Tony and smiled with no happiness. His eyes were dull with resignation.
Goddammit. “Fine.” Tony mumbled and did a quick check to make sure he was indeed wearing a t-shirt rather than anything more revealing. “Tell him he can come up-“
because he might have to tell Tony’s soulmate one day and how can he do it when he feels so much for Tony too, no matter how unaware he is-
Tony wanted to know. He’d never tried and he’d never asked but he had many questions that he hoped someone would answer one day. But he’d take what he could get.
But Steve was shaking his head and something warmed in Tony’s chest at the sight. People didn’t usually say anything to him. He didn’t need it but it was nice of Steve to apologize even if there wasn’t anything to apologize for.
“Still, I know you’ll find peace being with them. They will give you all that you need. They’ll be good for you my pet.”
Permission granted, he walked in and closed the door behind him. Zeke was at his desk again, reading a book called ‘Wuthering Heights’ in dim candle light.
The man smells like Steve. He feels like Steve and sounds like Steve and holds him in a way that Steve does. Or used to. But it still doesn’t make any sense unless...
Steve nodded firmly. “You would be salaried for your time here. Ideally I’d have you staying on the Helicarrier full time until we have enough weapons to have a defense system in place. Once they’re done, we can discuss-“
Tonight he decided he’d play it more safe. Start with the alley he’d not reached last time and end with the one he had. That way he’d lower his chances of a repeat performance.
"On it!" He cried and didn't waste another second. Each second was precious in a fight, he knew. One wrong move and things could go wrong. One wrong glance and you could be killed. One wrong turn and you could be-
“How do I know?” Tony gasps and continues to cry when he pulls back and see Roger’s distraught face. “How do I know you’re not lying to me? Someone is.”
A few minutes passed. The tears had started to fall down his cheeks silently but he didn't move or say anything, knowing it was too late. Carol was watching him and he couldn't bring himself to really do much else. He prayed for the silence to suffocate him and put an end to his misery. He prayed for a world where he hadn't ruined the best thing he'd ever had.
He didn’t know what they were but he knew when they came. Every other sunset, when the blue sun was farthest away, they’d arrive in gleaming red ships, just like his own, only instead of just having a small piece of it, they had the full ordeal. Heavy duty metal ships that flew through the sky on repulser based energy, and had blinding lights that seemed staggering even from a distance.
“We are.” Steve said bleakly, looking for all the world like a man who’d lost everything. “I’m so sorry.”
“Well that’s definitely something I can help with.” Tony winked. “It’s been a while since I’ve come up with designs from scratch.”
“Steve.” Tony said, suddenly remembering the real reason why they were here. He let his eyes sweep over the streets carefully, feeling his body start to tense. “Why did you really suggest this? This day?”
Panic climbed up his throat. He didn't want the day to end. That was completely childish, he knew but the thought of things going back was just-
omega?” Rogers grits his teeth. “Who the hell do you think you are, telling me Tony’s not my omega? You better get out before I rip your head off.”
“Well sure.” He caught Clint shrugging from the corner of his eye. “I mean it’s surprising to see you two doing something like that in public but you did just come out of a fight. Whatever you two do is between you both anyway. It’s cute.”
“I understand. You saying we’re mated. I belong to you.” Tony said unable to keep the awe out of his voice. “Again, I don’t see what the problem is.”
“T’Challa-T’Challa’s gone ahead.” Tony wheezes out, sitting up fully on his knees and wincing as the armor scrapes against the ground. Almost painstakingly slow, he reaches out and brushes his hand against Steve’s cheek, feeling the soft tremors chase up his arm and course through his body.
“Right.” Tony said dryly, rolled his eyes. “Except I’m not an idiot. I was best in my class, I’ll have you know. Went to MIT.”
From what Jarvis had told him, Natasha and Clint had quickly claimed the training areas, while Bruce had claimed one of the labs on the communal floor and Steve and Thor had claimed the living area. That was the one thing that Tony found a little odd. Were Steve and Thor talking
“Then time went on. The war ended and some of us moved away. And we saw something on the screens. This billionaire gets kidnapped. This man in a metal suit is saving New York,
And he knows, better than anyone that they’re all fucked for it. Tony knows it completely. He’s about as useful as Steve is right now.
“You’re kidding.” Clint blinked and then shook his head slowly like he was speaking to a child. “You honestly don’t know.”
“We’re all monsters at heart.” Tony echoed back, hearing the words leave his lips with no trace of snark.
Tony continued to scream and cry and swear until finally he began to calm down. His breathing started to slow and his body started to deflate. Finally, he lifted his head up and stared tiredly at Steve, eyes bright red and face full of misery. His eyes burned with a quiet fire.
“Yeah.” Steve said, starting to smile too. “He’s strong. Brave. Pretty reckless at times but still. I think I’ve found him.”
Tony squinted at the holder where the usual cannons and weapons mounts would be. Surely there would’ve been some weapons on standby?
Tony blinked slowly and didn’t say a word. Instead he slowly stood up and inched closer in a painstakingly slow manner until he was a breath away from Steve’s neck.
“No, of course not!” Tony hurried to say, realizing he should’ve been more patient. Throwing his hands up in front of him, he took a small step back as Zeke turned and glared at him.
Beside him, Steve seemed to freeze. His hands hovered in the air and didn’t move a fraction. When Tony turned to look up, he saw a pained expression on his face, like he’d just realized something awful. Like Tony had just delivered bad news or stepped on a landmine.
“Don’t worry, I’ll get you home and you can have as much as you need.” Steve growled, thumping his tail quickly against his back. “I’ll take care of you Tony. Anything you need.” He said earnestly and Tony’s smile broadened.
So, after he had been turned and inducted into the family, Tony had made sure to keep his head down and focus only on pleasing Ezekiel. Climbing his way to the top, he was now considered one of Ezekiel’s favorite pets. As high a position as he could hope for in his life.
“Easy. You’re gonna be shaky for a while. That’s just how it is.” Steve said and gently tugged until Tony was inches away from Steve’s shoulders.
Tony leaned back and rolled his eyes, folding his arms as he did. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Far as I’m concerned, there isn’t anything special here. And I don’t see that changing any time soon.”
“God...” Tony whispered and tried not to feel too sick. “Please don’t be upset. I can’t-Steve I cant-“
Shrugging the idea away, Tony trotted up to the foyer and waited patiently outside Fury’s office. He fiddled with his watch and groaned. Fury was running late.
The moment faded and Tony reached up and pulled Fury’s hands away carefully. When he turned, he noticed a pinched look on the man’s face, which was pretty remarkable considering he only had one eye to narrow.
He continued to unzip the bag and pulled the suit out by the hanger, now holding it up for him to inspect in one go. At first glance it appeared simple but one by one, the details started to emerge. Around the cuffs of the blue jacket, there were two thin lines of silver circling the wrists. And even on the tie there was a faint impression of blue swirls in the material. But along with all of that was the set of cuff links already seated in the suit.
“Third floor. Number twenty three.” Steve spoke over him, marching him up the wooden stairs promptly. Right now, because Tony hadn’t had any blood, Steve outmatched him in speed and strength. Tony couldn’t escape.
“Well? What’re you waiting for?” Tony smirked and tilted his head back, watching Steve’s eyes hone in on the smooth, untouched skin of his throat.
“Oh Anthony, my poor boy. It’s alright, why would you be ashamed? It’s alright that you’re not as skilled as some of us. I admit, it is harder to balance on new ground.”
He’d also learned that Steve had enough strength to lift up a fully built adult male and hold him up against the wall with just one hand.
Tony's eyes flew open and instantly he ducked his head to try and hide his face. Maybe if he was lucky, they wouldn't-
“Ow. Fuck OW!” Tony hissed, grabbing his hand and squeezing his eyes shut as pain shot through his arm. What the hell had he been thinking?
“Yeah. I’m okay.” Tony said softly and felt himself go distant again as Clint began to circle him, checking for any damage to the armor. He thought he felt Clint grip his arms and stretch them out to check his torso. Weird since he was fine and Steve was the one who-
“We’re not...solitary. It’s a common misconception but vampires actually do like company.” Tony sighed and faced the empty street, thoughts swirling in his head.
The small square bathroom had only one mirror but it was well lit and there was a hook on the back of the door. Setting the case down, Tony took off his suit jacket and hung it up. Then he removed his tie, belt and shoes and put those aside too.
After spending some time walking through the dying streets of late New York, he continued his way home, being sure to keep himself concealed all the way back. Once he got to the tower and greeted Jenny and several others, he made his way up to his floor and felt his mind begin to drift.
“Mmm. That’s nice. You should...you should definitely do that again.” Tony hummed as Steve pulled away, feeling the moisture on his lips cool. A part of him wondered how Steve felt about leaving his mark on him. Tony certainly didn’t have any qualms.
“Ah, ah, ah, I don’t think so Captain-“ The Beyonder mocked, although he was clearly out of breath, but still, he reached out and grabbed Tony’s arm and Tony let out a cry of pain.
Thankfully he didn’t have to. Steve smirked and reached around him, starting the ignition again. He revved it once more, leaning over Tony again. Then he pulled away and sat down, glancing over his shoulder.
“Yes. I feel the same.” Steve said quietly, almost in awe and suddenly Tony felt he could breathe again.
"Hey, yeah! It's me, I'm here!" Tony said and almost felt his lips curve up under the helmet. "Are you okay?"
He was no hero. And he definitely wasn’t a politician. Out there, in the real world he was a hero but only because of lucky words and talking to the right people. He could buy his approval. But in here...
Tony thought he was already familiar with the Helicarrier layout, but it turned out he had a huge amount to learn if this was going to be his new home away from home. He hadn’t even realised there were living areas.
“You know the answer to that Steve. Let’s just leave it at that.” Iron man said tiredly and for a second, just a fraction, Steve was reminded of Stark.
“We’re so lucky.” Steve continues, struggling to keep his emotions in check. “I’m going to protect him. He’s going to be the happiest omega. I’m going to protect both of you. Keep you both safe so that he can grow up to be like you.”
Now he’d chosen to put it on. He’d chosen to wear the suit again after months of not coming near it. He owed so much but this had been his choice, always.
“In you go. Make sure not to upset him, yes? He’s had a long day.” Whitney cooed as she opened the creaking door. “You know how he gets when he’s tense.”
) where he feels adrift and lost in the emptiness, he gets up from his bed, leaves the room without a sound and finds his suit. The Helicarrier continues to roar as he takes his suit and leaves.
As each word was said, Tony’s heart sank more and more until finally he felt it plummet into murky depths. He drew his hand back and felt his smirk start to vanish.
“Why?” Iron man sounded strangled and Steve’s heart sank. Maybe he’d made a mistake bringing it up. Maybe he was hurting Iron man and destroying their relationship.
“Hmmm. So you think you can make me howl huh?” Steve let his hand go and walked past Tony, staring at the moon with a slight tilt of his head.
Tony was still in the armor, and he hadn’t even bothered to come and talk to him. It had been almost two weeks.
“Oh, nothing. Just...” Steve cleared his throat and let his eyes run over Tony’s form. Finally he decided on what he wanted to say and Tony felt his breath catch in anticipation. This whole conversation was throwing him off kilter.
“You’re welcome. Anytime.” Steve sniffs and gives him a tired smile that borders on desperate. His lips shake. “You need help Tony. Please, let us help you-“
“That’s true.” Jeremy pointed out and gestured to his chin, making Tony turn and flash him a grin. That was right. He loved this guy already.
“Hey.” Tony mumbled quietly and gave a small smile when the blonde stopped in front of him. Steve turned and gave him a once over, surprised but giving away nothing else.
They were healing. Finally, after so long. It would hurt too much to lose each other now. Tony wasn’t ready. He knew he wouldn’t be able to handle it, not with how hard things had been.
“You shouldn’t have misbehaved Anthony. I don’t know why you felt the need to disobey Ezekiel but I personally am so disappointed. I was the one who gave you the opportunity after all.” Norman taunted in his ear, digging his knee into the center of Tony’s lower back and leaning close enough to whisper in his ear.
He looks as good as Tony remembers, tall and proud only instead of his uniform, he's wearing Shield issue tracksuit pants and a matching black jacket with the logo on. He also seems strangely out of breath and his hair is array and slightly damp with sweat, like he's been running. Odd but not bad at all, he still looks amazing.
The next day goes in a blur. Tony spends half the day with Steve and half the day with Ty. And throughout, he tries to get as much information as possible. Soon enough it’s night.
A question has been budding however, soft as a whisper in the dark recesses of his mind. Today he finally musters up the courage to ask because it hasn’t gone away, not since that first truce with the Illuminati.
“You’re Iron man. I can tell.” Steve repeated and suddenly he was hit with the realization that he had worked it out. He had
Check out the GORGEOUS ART that Lu made for this scene-Be sure to tell Lu what you think (I guarantee you will love it!!!)
He’d been out here for over an hour and the rain was starting to pick up. The roads were just getting darker and having had his keys, wallet and phone stolen, Tony didn’t want to think about his odds.
And all of a sudden, Tony remembered a shield and red gauntlets. And a bright smile that looked exactly like Steve's.
It was strange. Sometimes he felt he was living a shadow of someone else’s life. Like he was walking in the footsteps of a stranger that had had plans. Hence the amount of resources and a solid base to come home to each night, even if it was tiny.
The night was full of moans and tremors. Tony didn’t stop kissing him, not even when he came in Steve’s bed for the first time. And not even when Steve pressed his knot into him and told him how good he was, and how much he loved him. Tony lost himself in the sensations, the feel of Steve’s body and the taste of his skin. Tony wanted Steve in him, on him and all over, and didn’t let go, even for a second, staring up at Steve’s fierce golden eyes the entire time Steve pinned him down. The bed was a mix of their blood and cum and sweat. Everything merged and Tony felt like he was
“Yeah, because I really chose to be here, didn’t i?” He mumbled and once again lamented the fact that Steve had locked the door from outside. That was just cruel.
“I-I’m sorry.” He whispers, feeling tears start to fall from his lids. His wrists fall to the ground beside Steve’s head and Tony is torn between wanting to touch Steve once more and not dare sully him any further. Another tear lands. Another. And another.
When he stepped inside, he was greeted with the sight of Tony lying on the bed, body loosely curled up in a comfortable position. His eyes were closed but his chest was moving in a slow rhythm. The scent was soft, softer than Steve had ever felt from Tony before.
Somewhere in the crowd, Tony was sure Sharon and Steve were laughing together. Maybe they weren’t even talking anymore. Maybe they’d left the room to find a quiet area, somewhere private for just the two of them. And Steve would smile kindly, and tell Sharon she looked beautiful, and she would smile back and have the guts to say that he looked good too. Then they’d share so much together and Steve would be strong
He reached up for the switch on the headphones and spoke to the Shield escorts. “Where is everyone?”
The look he got, shook him. Steve was looking at him like he was about to drown. Like Tony was letting him.
“-Oh please! Shield didn’t need to get involved. I’ll sort it don’t worry. Just promise me you’ll get the details. I know Peter has some snapshots.”
“I said relax.” The words were the same but Tony got the impression it wasn’t directed at him. More to someone behind him. The tailor?
“And pray tell, who would I send? Most of the family are far too inexperienced to survive out there.” Zeke said with an unimpressed look but his eyes didn’t leave Tony and Tony counted on that to be his guide.
Days started to blend together. He didn't see Carol or any other Avenger after that day. Nor did he hear from her or Steve again.
“I know.” He said numbly, lowering his hand and scanning the area around him. The mist swirled around him and Steve was struck by a realization.
“Are you seriously surprised? After everything you’ve done.” Fury said lazily and sat back down, gesturing at Steve. “We both agreed.”
Steve has to go on a mission. Hydra agents. The same ones that hurt Tony to begin with. Fury’s found the base and it needs dealing with.
“I’m going to the bathroom. Do whatever you like.” Tony grumbled and admittedly scampered off to the restroom, keeping his head low to hide the heated flush on his cheeks. He needed to splash some water on his face before he did something reckless.
It was late but Tony couldn’t sleep. The strange new place filled with a few snoring agents was enough to pull him away from resting. The gently hum of the Helicarrier didn’t help either, so he sat up and climbed out of his bunk bed, eyeing the small metal ladder with disdain. It felt about as unstable as it looked.
“Okay!” Tony claps his hands quickly, trying to hide how much he’s shaking right now. “ I have no idea which of you it is. Or if either of you is even the father.”
Of course, Tony was reluctant to accept anything from her. She was manipulative in every sense, and wasn’t shy about her intentions towards him. He felt sick to his stomach at the thought of Zeke pushing their union and he downright dreaded the very thought of having children with her. He didn’t want children. He didn’t want to marry her at all.
“I'm sorry for pushing you. I'm sorry for not giving you a chance. For judging you too quickly." Steve swallowed around the lump in his throat. He was holding Iron man and he'd made him
“Oh.” Tony said quietly, staring at their linked hands on the table. He didn’t think he was the only one who noticed. Beside him he thought he felt a nudge in his side. Gabe again.
Pulling back, he grit his teeth together and shoved her against the wall, pressing her face into the rough bricks. Thankfully she froze.
“You’re gonna be there?” Something loosened in Tony’s shoulders. He had someone to direct him if he wasn’t sure where to go or who to talk to.
“Why? Why should I trust you? Allowing you to join the project would mean I have to give you codes. And even if I didn’t, you could crack the system. So why should I?”
“St-Ste-“ Tony tried to speak but his body shook and broke into a stream of coughs. He sounded like he’d swallowed a packet of nails.
Then slowly he opens his eyes and looks up. Steve’s deep blue eyes, misty and blood-shot and full of fear, stare back at him from above, and all of a sudden, it clicks.
His hands clamped down on Zeke’s shoulders. His lips parted and his fangs grew. He inched closer, testing the waters and finally sunk his teeth into the pale flesh.
Sharon was looking so unsure. Like he’d tell her she wasn’t good enough when that was obviously untrue. How could he tell someone like her that? He’d be lying because he knew what wasn’t good enough. Or more specifically who.
Steve had become an observer. On some days he felt like a captain standing by as his ship sunk. Others he felt like someone charged of watching an execution.
Shocked at the scene, Tony could hardly believe his luck. He’d thought this day had been awful initially but what could be better than seeing Whitney embarrass herself publicly in front of the whole family? At the very least, Tony could now explain to Zeke that a union would be a bad idea for now.
Tony hummed and reached out for the scanner by his door. It unlocked under his palm and he trudged in, dumping his briefcase on the chair by his bed.
It was fine though. He didn’t really care about that. What he did care about was the slow growing realisation that he would probably have to make hundreds of people unemployed. Hundreds of bright young men and women would lose their jobs because of him.
Steve was safe. A little banged up, sure, but he was okay and that was enough. Tony didn't mind about the rest.
"You swear?" Steve urged him and leaned over him, bringing his hands on either side of Tony's head. "You'll make sure I don't hurt you?"
“Anthony. Why do you have the mark of another on your neck?” Zeke asked quietly, his eyes a bright red like first drops of blood from a victim.
This was just one more. And really, he could behave. He wouldn’t ask too much from Steve, just a drive-in burger and that would be all. He didn’t want to upset the soldier by seeming obnoxious.
“If you need me Tony, you just need to tell Jarvis. I’ll be right here all night okay? And your suits’ here too.”
“I’m so sorry, my lord!” Tony gasped and cupped his face in his hands, projecting the image of utter despair. “I’m just so exhausted and after feeding the twins, I-“
He was met with irritation, confusion and then a look of dawning realization. Then Clint’s face went completely blank like he couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“Like what you see?” Steve smirked and suddenly Tony was pulled out of his trance. Steve’s eyes were laughing but he allowed Tony a moment to collect himself. Or look.
Instantly Whitney shot her head towards him, snarling and smashing her teeth together in his direction. The crowd gasped in horror and shuffled back.
Just as Fury had said, Steve and Sharon were back at the table, along with Dugan, Gabe and Maria. This time the seating arrangement had changed and Gabe and Steve had an empty seat between them. Dugan was sat beside Gabe and opposite them was Maria and Sharon, guarding another empty seat next to them.
“Yes my lord.” Tony replied tiredly, feeling something in his chest ache. A long-standing, familiar ache whenever he thought too much. Mentally, he forced himself to push it aside.
The clerk sighs and hands him the bottle-a cheap brown brandy bottle with simple labeling that Tony’s too hazy to read-and raps his nails against the scratched wooden desk.
"Have you settled in yet?" Steve asked, and it took every ounce of self control to not roll his eyes at his question.
By the time he got back, it was late. The dark dim alleys of the city reached out to him like hands, almost waving at him to join them. New York was always dim at that time of night but for some reason the world felt particularly colder on this night. In an unusual show of humility, Tony left the nameless chauffeur a few blocks away from the tower and decided to walk it, feeling like he needed the fresh air.
"You think you're so high and mighty!? How can you think that when everyone here knows you're a traitor!? Or better yet, a whore since you're fucking Captain America-"
, she tossed the remote into her other hand and pressed the plus button on the volume. Voices blasted through the speakers, loud enough that some of the agents next to the speakers actually jumped.
Robots. He saw grey,humanoid-like robots with guns and glass lenses firing directly towards the agents. Some were slightly bigger than others but they all seemed to be sifting through the agents with ease. And they looked fairly durable, unlike the standard doom-bots Tony knew all too well.
“Was this excursion better?” He didn’t point out that it must’ve been if he'd spent an extra two days on it.
“Can you do me a favor?” He tries again, and watches the man’s silhouette freeze. “P-please. It’s not much, I promise.”
It was like the sun had risen in Tony’s eyes. His smile was breathtaking and his eyes twinkled with such happiness at the words. There was so much in his gaze that Steve couldn’t even begin to understand.
“Uh yeah. Peter Parker. It’s good to meet you...Tony?” The young man hesitated, stepping into the room, wringing his hands a little.
He thought he heard Steve laugh tiredly through the coms and the sound was enough to give Tony strength. It didn't matter what he felt, Steve had to be safe.
“Thank you for being so understanding.” Fury spoke in a deadpan voice and pulled out a folder. “What can I do for you?”
“Don’t you dare do this to me Steve. Don’t you dare.” Tony swore and had to bite his lip hard under the helmet to stave off the tears in his eyes. The thought of anything happening to Steve, and especially now when they’d uncovered so much-
“Hey, easy!” Steve hissed and pulled the doctors hand away in warning. Grateful, Tony smiled a little. He could barely move, he was so tired.
Steve’s eyes simmered with rage but he took a breath before continuing. It seemed to help him calm down.
The door slid open. Steve was gone. It was just the empty desk and chair and the side door for the commanders armory. Distantly, he realized the armory door opened with him having to break in. His palm on the scanner registered.
“Anthony.” A voice rumbled behind him and he turned, coming face to face with Thor. This close, he really was huge.
“You were beautiful. The way you speak and think and feel-hell, I still remember in those first few months when I got hurt after a mission and you tore me apart for it. You were so angry but then we kissed and you said no one had ever made you feel so complete, I-“
“It’s too much.” He says and ducks his head to avoid the stares. “I don’t want...I don’t know what to do.”
Cheeks turning a hot red colour, he kept his head down as two other men and women in the waiting area stared at him. He tried his best to subtly press his hand against his stomach and leaned forward.
“Not sure. I guess you should’ve let me see.” Tony cheeked, and sucked in his breath when Steve cupped a hand around his neck and leaned even closer.
“Hey there, little one.” Steve smiled gently and after hearing another chirp, brought it to his cheek and nuzzled it gently. “Don’t worry, you’re safe. I’ll keep you safe, I promise.”
“I didn’t come here to make small talk Captain. God knows Sue hates it when I try.” Reed says, almost sadly. “I simply came here to request if you could have me on the Dyson sphere project. I will speed things up tremendously and I feel he-I could do more.”
“Okay, here we go-Cap, you first. C'mon, let’s go.” Tony says quickly and turns on his heel before the alphas can disagree. Of course, Ty has something to say about it.
Methodically, he gathered his best items and put them in the simple cloth bag. Five tins of water and four tins of protein. It was half of what he had left, but he felt it was worth it. What if there was someone who needed help?
“Reputation huh?” Steve said quietly, his eyes darting back and forth doing that calculation of his.
“I think...Peter. Peter James.” He hums softly so as to not disturb the tiny being, and he feels another kiss on his forehead.
Just as he was considering the risks and benefits of telling Whitney he was diseased, he thought he heard a shout. Then, when he followed the sound, it led him to more screaming in the main cavern area. The sight made him pause.
“Hey it’s okay. It was...it was good for me too.” Tony assured, only his eyes were glued to the damp spot around Steve’s half hard erection. Steve was
“It’s something I gave you before your first heat with me. Back when I was courting you.” Rogers says and walks forward and reaches out to take it from Tony’s hands.
He got the distinct impression he’d stepped on nails. Steve’s face dropped the moment he said it, and his eyes grew pinched.
Steve could hear his sigh through the armor speakers and wondered if the longing he’d heard was just in his head.
Steve tilted his head and leaned over to get his own cup of coffee. “I’ve booked your appointment for you with my tailor. They’ll get you sorted for the event.” He said before taking a sip like he hadn’t just dropped a bombshell.
He got the feeling he was silently being laughed at. When he looked up, Peter’s eyes were sparkling.
A sharp tap echoed throughout the cavern and instantly Tony turned, eyes darting towards the darkness of the caves. They were back. Ezekiel was back.
“You weren’t okay. And I’ve never seen you lose it like that, not even when we fought during the SHRA. Not even when you had a drink. I was terrified.”
Blood was leaking from where the broken shards of armor dug into his soft skin. The whole thing was bent at an odd angle and when he lifted a finger, bolts of lightning hot pain ran down his entire arm. He couldn’t move the twisted thing, without feeling the air leave his body.
”I think we should stagger the times a bit more. I should get whole days with you Tony, not half days.”
“Tony, look at me.” Steve said quietly, with a sudden seriousness that caught him off guard. Still, he didn’t dare face Steve. He didn’t want him to see how much he was blinking.
He had the exact same mark but it was just as big and almost completely covered his back. It started past his shoulder blades and encompassed his whole back, diving down into the small of his back. It was huge. It was
It wasn’t encouraging to say the least. But maybe it shouldn’t have been as unexpected. He didn’t know why he’d even expected anything else.
“I never want to see you pull a stunt like that again.” Steve said sharply, his face morphing into glare as he drilled his gaze into Tony like he was pinning him down. “I’ll only say this once. You will never put yourself at risk like that again.”
“You can’t leave Stark. Not yet.” He said firmly, using his hand to guide Tony back round. With a look that barely masked his frustration, Tony let him.
"I'm gonna pretend you didn't just say that." Steve said stiffly, pushing his sheets aside. "And tell you that you have no choice. It's not an option."
I hope you enjoyed this chap-it was long overdue and I really wanted to get it out asap so that we could progress, hence my late night posting :)
“Tony.” Steve interrupted, switching off the ignition, and something in the motion made Tony’s heart sink. “What does that even mean?”
Tony let his hand fall and stared at the stain tiredly. Who cared anyway? Who exactly was he trying to impress?
In the morning Tony wakes up and feels arms around his waist and feels something for the first time in months. A feeling so strong it almost envelops him and makes him whole.
“Tony.” Steve breathed and blinked, reaching out to grab his hand. Tony didn’t close his hand around Steve’s, feeling too shaky to really move and instead noted his surroundings.
“Director Stark, you’re needed over in Washington.” Maria says to him and gives him a disgusted look before turning away. Behind her, the agents are muttering to themselves and passing judgement.
Slowly he brings his wrists closer and lets his fingers brush the edges of Steve’s cowl. He shouldn’t, he knows.
It wasn’t long to go. Steve had just texted him to say he would be arriving in five and Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t nervous. He was waiting patiently in the main area of his penthouse, trying his best to keep his leg from jumping too much. Flushing a little, he crossed his legs and leaned back against the couch doing his best to give the impression of being a suave genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist. Somehow his hand made its way to his chest and he tried to rub over it gently.
Tony paused before the double doors. The building was tall and nicely decorated but didn’t seem over the top. He was surprised Steve thought it reminded him of him.
“Not right now. But after this.” Steve puffed up his chest and plucked the bread basket out of the stunned waiter’s hand to offer it to Tony. “Bread?”
They continued to chat for a while and slowly, Tony found himself getting to know Dugan and Gabe a bit more, and even Maria and Sharon and Fury. It was a good mix and Tony found himself smiling a lot more.
Shocked whispers filled the cavern. Tony caught words like ‘blasphemy’ and ‘traitor’ in the discussions.
“I know. It’s amazing.” And the awe in Steve’s voice makes Tony genuinely believe it is. It feels like a miracle, and that’s coming from him.
While he got what he deserved. While he stayed hidden and never got close to Steve or the team ever again. This was his justice and Steve was delivering it.
When they all headed back a few days later, the trip was silent. Steve had told the others openly what was going on. Steve was going to confirm the bond as soon as they got home.
Tony hears Steve’s voice nearby and opens his eyes. He hadn’t realized he’d closed them. When he looks up, he sees Steve’s wide blue eyes and a fierce expression on his face. The pup whines and cries softly in his arms.
Tony wanted to stay here forever. A sad seed of want planted itself in his gut. That sick feeling returned.
“Stark, you seriously wanna leave this up to the commander? You let him get shot at once before, you’re really gonna do it again?”
"Whether you choose to use it or not is up to you. I can't force you. But at least one of your suits should be here in case something happens."
“Oh I don’t.” The blond said quietly, tilting his head just a little. “I just figured you had better balance. Last time you were able to jump in the air like a bird. Generally you need to be quite skilled to do that I thought.”
And he’d not told anyone other than them about his therapist. Steve was truly the first stranger to know. Which meant he wasn’t a stranger anymore.
Feeling his vision go white, he screamed out in agony as his spine began to press on his nerves. Then he heard a snap and felt pain unlike anything he’d ever felt before.
To Tony’s disappointment, Steve’s eyes widened and he seemed to pull away, taking his hand away too. His eyes darted past Tony’s shoulders rapidly.
"It's not like I haven't heard it before." Tony mumbled and startled when Steve's hand brushed against his and reached out to grab some clothes. Wordlessly, Steve began to help him pack and Tony let him.
“Are you vigilantes?” Tony snorted at the word. That would make it a lot harder to take Steve seriously. He really didn’t seem like the type.
“Stand up. C’mon, I want you up.” Steve said, patting his knees and getting up. Once stood, he held out a hand and hauled Tony up, armor and all, until he was on his feet.
Steve’s accidentally wandered into the south cafeteria. It’s empty and dark, with only one light hanging above a small steel table. Reed sits there on a seat with his arms in his lap and tired eyes. Steve steps forward and joins him.
Once he was part of the row, he realized with a start that his work here started now. The uniform was the first step and this show of control was Steve’s posturing. It was clear.
Stealing his nerves, he took a deep breath and watched as realization dawned in Tony’s eyes before he even spoke.
"Hey Carol." Tony said softly and let his knees fall so that his legs stretched out in front of him. It was too late though, she'd already seen him before. "Long time no see."
Still, Tony beamed and clenched his fists to hide his nerves. After what Steve had said in the car, he couldn’t help but think he’d not been paying the Captain enough attention.
“C’mon please!” Tony begged, feeling close to a nervous breakdown. “It’s freezing! I just need to borrow a phone-“
"Let go of me, Steve." Tony demanded, and like he'd been burned, he let go of Tony and pulled back sharply. As soon as Tony sat up, he did too, all traces of drowsiness gone.
“I just don’t get why we’re doing this anymore!” Steve groans and slaps down the mug full of decaf coffee a lot harder than necessary. “He’s not even here half the time!”
His stomach has a slight bump but that’s it. Not enough to raise suspicion but enough to know that something’s changed. He’s going to have a baby. He’s actually going to have a
“You’re alright.” Steve repeated and after a few moments, slowly eased Tony back to look him over. Steve genuinely looked like he’d seen a ghost, and wasn’t that something? “What are you even
“I couldn’t find Rogers.” He said with a distinctly irritated expression and leaned over to take both glasses of water from the bartender before Tony could even turn back. “And since I can’t find him, I can’t ask him what the hell he did. So that leaves you.”
“Like I said Cap, give him a chance.” Iron man said, completely oblivious to the giddy whirl of thoughts in Steve’s mind. “Maybe you both might get on.”
Anger bubbled in his chest. And so did another emotion that Tony was all too familiar with. For once, it wasn’t for him.
“So you take the couch. I take the bed. That’s how Steve did it yesterday and that’s what we’re doing today.”
“Ironman is not on the cards here.” Tony said flatly, starting to accept that this was a waste of his time. This joker was clearly not fussed about his company so there was no point. Unless he could try tactic B.
“You first.” She nodded and Tony did as told, hearing the five pairs of footsteps behind him. They’d reached a straight corridor with maroon flooring and steel walls that led to only one door. Tony was somewhat confused since he didn’t recognize this place on board but it quickly dawned on him that behind that door was likely to be Steve.
“I mean I know about the deal Tony.” Steve fired back, not shifting his gaze either. “I know Osborn split the company and spread it across several shareholders, some of whom remain loyal to him. And I know you happen to only own about fifteen percent of what’s left of the company.”
That was the strangest thing though. Tony still couldn’t understand why Steve hadn’t revealed his soulmate to anyone. Tony was sure he would’ve said something by now, what with it having been three months but nothing had changed. Absolutely nothing. And Tony never saw him being intimate with
Tony didn’t know what his face did then. But all he felt was shock, surprise, suspicion and gratitude. He didn’t know which one was right.
Tony longed to tell him everything. About Ty and Whitney and Zeke and his life before he ever met Steve. How being able to leave the cavern and meet Steve and this empty neighborhood with that dog billboard and those lamp-posts was the best thing that had ever happened to him.
For everyone keeping an eye, I am definitely still working on The Red String and A helping hand. I was writing for all three WIP's and a second part to an A/B/O fic of mine and this just happened to be the first chap to get finished. The others are next, I promise, and thank you all for being so patient and wonderful and supportive! You are all so lovely and I can't thank you enough :DDD
Carol shakes her head and sighs. “No. But they’re not heartless. Steve-“ she turns to him and her eyes are pleading. “-don’t...don’t beat them up any more. They’re already down and they were just trying to do what they could. They’re doing the best they can.”
“Tony, open the armor.” He commands and suddenly the room has gone quiet. Everyone’s eyes are turned towards them.
“So I’m the best you could come up with.” Tony squinted at the paper. “You’re not wrong, this could use some work.”
“Oh yeah. A hand would be great.” Tony replied, feeling his eyes burn. The street-lights blurred in front him with each blink.
“Fine. Everything’s fine.” Steve smiled tightly, dropping into the seat opposite Stark. Not be choice of course, only because there weren’t any other seats.
“About you becoming an Avenger. I’m so glad Nick listened to me.” Pierce explained and it slammed into Tony like a ton of bricks.
“You can’t leave on your own. It’s a four hour journey back and you haven’t got any of your chauffeurs nearby.”
“Yeah. It feels like a prison. Might as well be the Raft. Ross, you there?” He snickered and tried not to let his eyes shift up when Steve did the same.
Every so often he would find his eyes drawing back to the comfort. And every so often, he’d catch Steve doing the same.
Steve looked like he was gonna be sick. His fingers were digging into the metal of his gauntlet and his eyes were begging as he stared into Tony’s helmet.
Hearing the tone, Robinson waved the issue away and smiled. “Of course. I’m not here to discuss the employees per say. Just a new business model.”
“Oh of course, Captain. It’s important, having men like him. They’re always important for giving the others...motivation. You know. On what to do, how to behave. That sort of thing” Pierce said lightly, but there was something dark and ugly in his eyes and a shiver ran down Tony’s spine.
“Oh Anthony! You’re so sweet, making them feel better! I can’t wait for when you and I have children, do you know how beautiful our babies will be-“
Fidgeting with his armor, he shook his arms out and bounced on his feet. Time to try this super speed that vampires were known for. He didn’t often get the chance but with this amount of blood coursing through his veins, he was sure he could pull off some amazing tricks.
“Steal it?” Steve’s eyes flashed with rage as he nearly pushed past John’s hands. “I was the one who brought you here in the first place!”
“When you offered that invitation, did you really mean it?” Tony asked one night, settling casually on a bench under a dim streetlight. Steve had already been sat there when Tony had begun for the night, and had waited patiently for his companion.
Their footsteps grew closer until they stepped into the light and instantly Tony was hit with the sharp smell of iron.
Tony’s whole body felt numb. His entire being went cold as if someone had poured ice over his head. He was looking at her but he almost couldn’t see her. All he could think of was Steve’s soft touches, his smile and the way he’d say something that made Tony feel like he was more.
“Excuse me? Hello? Can you please open up? It’s freezing out here!” Tony pleaded but the guy just cracked open an eye, grunted and turned over in his seat.
That had been two days ago. Tony hadn’t seen him since but he had already met Natasha, the terrifying arachnid with an assassin complex. And by met, she’d walked into the room one morning and handed him the books Steve had sorted for him, and explained that he was to stay in bed until Steve got back. He wouldn’t be lying if he admitted his fangs expanded every time she walked in.
Sucking in a deep breath, he walked closer and closer until finally his foot touched that thing again. This time he didn’t startle, and instead, crouched down.
Steve didn’t waste a second further. With superhuman speed, he sprinted past Tony and got to Robinson within seconds.
And Tony knew better than to think Steve would welcome his questions. He still remembered their discussion on the Helicarrier. With or without the sceptre, Steve's opinion of him was still true. Tony didn't want to admit that he couldn't correct him, even if he sometimes wished that-
Tony felt the air leave his lungs and looked at Steve with a sick feeling in his stomach. Steve was completely still, and wasn't looking at him, but Mr. Robinson.
It took a minute to digest. It couldn’t be right, Tony was sure. He’d seen the papers, he’d woken up that day and been given them first thing, and they’d needed his signature for the post because it was first class.
His husband sat opposite him, staring firmly at the table wood with dim eyes that carried no emotions. Nothing. They were carefully blank and didn’t shine like they used to. And yet Steve still somehow looked perfect, even after a year of being on the run.
Steve’s blood boiled with rage. To see Tony like this after so long was unacceptable. And it was like this every time. This was only the third encounter but each time, Steve let him slip away. He lost Tony over and over.
“Hey, listen.” Steve watched his chest rise and fall with a laser stare. He was too afraid to look away, just in case. “You’re safe, okay? Iron man?”
His head feels slow and his heart feels heavy. His whole body sways and staggers as he walks towards the place he used to call home.
“Tony.” The man says and instantly, before Tony can even register, wraps his arms around him and pulls him to his chest. His entire body encompasses Tony’s very being and he almost frowns when he takes a deep breath.
“No, stay.” Steve said firmly, assuming his Captain America role, and dropped his shield on the floor to get some water. Filling up a glass, he took the whiskey out of Stark’s hand and slipped the water in, instead.
He feels awful. Like when he was a kid and he was sick with pneumonia. He remembers being taken to the hospital. It was a long time ago.
Tony thought bleakly, waiting for the lift to let him escape. Maybe one day they’d all look back at this and smile.
There was a small shift after that. Tony was hopeful that things had changed even if nothing really had on the outside. But he was convinced they had.
He’d had sex before. With men and woman when he was in his twenties and decidedly human. Back when he could see the blue of his eyes and taste the burn of a good malt whiskey. He remembered enjoying it-the warmth and feel of another person’s body. Their lips pressing against yours after sharing a wonderful moment of pleasure. Feeling for all the world like you were not alone.
” Tony gasped and crashed his lips to Steve’s, feeling tears of joy begin to fall. And just as strongly, he felt Steve’s hands slip under him to span across his back.
Sliding into the seat, he pulled the black briefcase close and inspected it. There was a shield logo imprinted on the top but otherwise it was pretty box-standard. Flicking the latches up, he gripped the top and slowly pulled it open.
Fingers slipped between them and stroked Tony’s chin, a light brush under his jaw. Instinct took over and Tony opened his mouth.
There was no escape, he knew that. It would be better to just be honest and explain. Surely Zeke would forgive him? He knew what he was like?
She grew heavy in his arms and carefully, he set her down, making sure to keep her spine steady on the descent.
He was...fine. Not a scratch on him. His muscles felt achy and his waist and arm looked a little more pink than usual but...
“I see you’ve acquainted yourself with the role well.” Reed says quietly, looking around the office and anywhere other than at Steve.
“Before you even try and explain that one, I just want to say one thing, okay?” Steve said quietly and sniffed once before rubbing at his eyes.
Reed doesn’t say a word. When Steve turns, he sees his face is pale as a sheet. Bone-white and horrified.
“What?” Steve frowns and then widens his eyes in horror before grabbing Tony roughly by the shoulders to look at him.
Tony’s coughs calmed down after a moment. Then he simply lay there with his eyes closed, taking in deep breaths. It was worrying because Tony’s body looked so frail now and with his long matted hair and his hollow cheeks, he almost looked sick.
It left him feeling empty, but relieved. He was relieved for Steve because he knew Steve wouldn’t have to put up with him any longer. At the end of the day, Steve would go back home, knowing full well that Tony was a mistake.
“No.” Grant said quickly, shaking his head and feeling his vision swim a little. A jolt of fear raced through him at the thought of someone taking them away from him. “They
“We have a lot to talk about. Starting with what you actually do remember. Let’s do that at some point.”
The sound of steps entering grew louder. The man was getting closer. Odd how heavy those footsteps were.
He didn’t get a response so he pushed his arms out and flew up a few metres, enough to see the landing strip of the Helicarrier as a whole. That’s when he spotted Steve and several other agents fighting off the robots. Steve was struggling, Tony could tell and that sent more fear racing through him than the pain.
“So you’ve seen Peter and Natasha. Natasha is stealthy. Super smart and she loves a good fight. And she’s never lost.” Steve said, almost in a stage whisper.
The medics pulled Steve away before he could snap out of his daze. Steve’s hand brushing him as it fell woke him up from the dream scenario he was facing. As he came back to himself he met eyes with Steve who was watching him with a drowsy smile again.
With a sigh, Fury pushed the glass into Tony’s hand and gestured for him to drink. For a second, Tony was reminded of Pierce, only...
“Hey Petey...” Steve chokes out and let’s the baby watch. “I bet you’re gonna be just as smart as Tony. Just as perfect and wonderful and-“
Tony stopped spinning the ball for a minute. He turned and tilted his chin up at Steve who looked fairly relaxed. “So you’re territorial. Like vampires.”
"I don't know." Tony said and his breath hitched when Steve accidentally tugged at his hair. "But I was very sick when I woke up."
“Good. Eat up. If you want more, I’ll make it, just say the word.” Steve sounded pleased behind him, even though when Tony twisted around, he was still just as tight-lipped as ever. There was something more...warm about him though.
His memory was corrupted. Something had happened to him once. Why else had he woken up, alone in a small red bunker shaped like a ship hatch, with food and drinks sealed up in foil tins?
That had been when he’d given up. Had dropped the pretenses and stopped lying to himself. He’d finally accepted the truth.
"I'm sorry too." Steve choked out too, and without another word, stepped close and gathered Tony into a careful hug. For a moment, they just held each other, feeling the release of what was months of pent up emotions and words left unsaid. They'd fought against each other and torn each other apart, but somehow all of that seemed to fade when they were close like this. There was a piece of themselves they'd been missing and it had finally come together.
Silently he kept going, dragging his tired feet and aching limbs towards the neon light. There was no noise but the faint rustle of trees on either side of him and the gentle patter of rain. He was completely soaked from head to toe in just his jeans and T-shirt.
it. It was like Tony was behaving like a stereotypical omega. Essentially he was becoming a man who was trying to hide his personality in a desperate bid for safety.
“Were you...trying to get close to me?” Tony’s eyes widened because that was definitely the shuffle of a man caught red handed. And Steve’s eyes couldn’t be any wider.
Tony felt his throat go dry. The weight of the bag he’d brought was just that much heavier. Was this what really where he was going to sleep? His armor couldn’t even fit between these bunk beds.
Once the applause died down and President Ford disappeared to some part of the room, people started to get up from their seats. Around the room, chatter was beginning to build up again, and some of the waiters were already bringing the food out on pristine china plates. Tony hoped the food was good since almost everything else about the evening had been shambol-
“You know it.” Tony felt his lips say and forced his mouth to smile. It didn’t reach his eyes but luckily she was already out of her seat and scanning the crowd.
Pulling the sleeves of his suit jacket, he ran his finger and thumb over the silver lining and followed the double lines all around his wrist, inevitably reaching the cuff links again. The Captain America shield looked back at him, practically gleaming from the reflection of the sun through the glass.
“It’s okay.” Tony rubbed his eyes and swallowed, feeling his headache increase tenfold. “I’m used to people feeling disgusted when they look at me.”
“There’s so much we’re not saying here Steve. I can’t just leave my work to work here! I have my own work too you know!” Tony pressed, knowing, just by the growing frown on Steve’s face, that he didn’t have a clue about the pressure he was under. He couldn’t, no wouldn’t walk out now.
”I’m already giving you plenty. I’m already tolerating that mutt for you. Don’t ask for more.” Ty says coldly and then, quick as it appeared, the harsh demeanour vanishes and a warm smile replaces it.
Just before Tony can say anything, the door swings open again and hits the wall with a loud crack. And in walks a different alpha.
“For research purposes. C’mon, how often do people get to see such a great view of Captain America’s ass?”
They all head inside and naturally that’s when they hit the first roadblock. Where is Tony meant to put these two alphas?
The fight ended quickly after that. Other than Zeke, all of the vampires had been knocked out and gathered by Thor, so that the police would come to arrest them instantly. Apparently vampire fights were illegal and faction behavior was prohibited. Needless to say, Tony knew that wouldn’t stop the others out there.
While Steve was in a meeting with the department investigating the robots, Tony decided to test his luck and head back to the research team quarters. His stuff was still in the locker in that corner of the sleeping area and he couldn’t keep borrowing Steve’s clothes.
The very thought of hearing Steve comment on that sends terror running through his skin. It’s worse than the withdrawal tremors, or the looks he gets that tell him he’s truly fallen below par.
For just a fraction of a second, Tony noticed Steve’s gaze lock onto him instantly. Like an instinctive response, Steve looked suddenly more alert and like he was about to face something extreme.
Steve’s eyes widened in horror and instantly he reached forward and closed his arms around Tony. For all he had been dizzy and weak-
you bare your fangs in the main cavern?” Zeke said, suddenly dropping his voice to a low, quiet tone. He strode into the room, somehow occupying the whole space with a mere step to the center. Placing himself between Norman and Whitney, he turned his dark maroon eyes on Whitney. Not once did he blink, not even when she flinched under his gaze.
He ignores Carol and latches onto Tony’s left wrist, pulling it close. His fingers are curled around it and Tony feels so cold and Steve’s worry
Only the hallucination doesn't let him. The grip on him turns painfully tight, tight enough to leave bruises. He's pulled back so that the hallucination can look at him.
“Mr. Stark.” He said in a surprisingly firm voice for a thirty year old, and paused his tapping to look at him. “Have a seat.”
Shame washed over him. Suddenly he couldn’t bare to look at her anymore. Was it that obvious? Did he always have to do such a piss-poor job of everything?
“Oh no, that would be me. Ben’s the main spokesperson for the team, but I’m the actual head of the department. I assign everyone with the tasks here.” Tyler smiled, and Tony felt his shoulders loosen. He couldn’t believe his luck honestly. He’d thought Ben would run the place for sure.
“Since I’ve been here, I’ve literally been treated like shit. I’ve been insulted, completely brushed off and pulled left, right and centre. And I haven’t even had a decent conversation with Steve yet. What’s the point? Why did you even bring me here?”
to help me, Tony!” Steve finally shouted and eyed Tony’s back carefully, knowing he was listening to every word. “That means something. I know you’re hurt. I know I hurt you-“
Approaching the lift, he pressed the button and smiled at the group of agents who gawked at his outfit. He knew it was odd but he would’ve thought they’d have seen someone wearing a hoodie and sweatpants, at least once in their lives. Okay, the boots were weird but that wasn’t his fault. Steve had an obsession with them and his other shoes were in the locker.
“Oh, no, please don’t be afraid little guy.” Tony whispered softly, feeling his heart break when the tiny being began to peep softly almost like he was crying. The creature was frozen with fear and wasn’t any bigger than a small potato. How would it defend itself?
No one has seen you in weeks, Tony! You disappeared, literally off the face of the earth, told no one and then Carol came back with a broken transmitter that had just one message! No coordinates, no clues-just you telling me you were sorry!”
The tower wasn’t far. Beyond the passing yellow blur of cabs was the tower and with it, a faint sense of home. But it didn’t give him that full feeling anymore, hence his detour. As he powered on, he felt something ease in him.
Then, with a heated gaze, he turned and pressed his lips to Tony's, moaning softly when Tony parted his mouth. When they pulled apart, Steve caught Tony's chin and bared his teeth a little.
“Yeah?” Tony smiled. They both knew Tony never skipped Avengers meetings. He didn’t even skip SI meetings anymore. Or at least not as much.
Steve laughed, a loud chiming sound that didn’t fit the beast that was his body. “This ones’ all me. I’ve been told my fashion sense needs work.”
He wondered just how obviously high his voice had gone. Judging by Steve’s unimpressed expression, he wasn’t doing a very good job of hiding how excited he was.
He felt Whitney claw at his face, scratches marring the soft skin around his features. Norman slipped his hand around his neck and squeezed tightly, aiming to crush his windpipe like tissue paper. Once that went, he wouldn’t be able to breath. It would be over.
But this was stronger and earth-shattering. It felt like he was being claimed all over again. Steve’s scent flooded his body and through the haze Tony wondered if this was how Steve felt when Tony bit
“Hmmm.” Tiberius said, not giving anything away. His lips were pressed tightly together as his eyes looked Tony up and down patiently. He lingered around Tony’s neck.
“I’m just a man trying to do what’s right. Trying to fix my mistakes. But there is no fixing them.” Stark laughed bitterly and reached for the glass. “I don’t deserve to have a friend like him. Or anyone like him.”
“You never talk to me. You don’t even come down to the communal floor. Hell, you don’t even talk to me at meetings.” Steve sighed and Tony almost wanted to say something he’d regret because Steve didn’t know that he had trouble fitting in. That he was soulless. That people didn’t like him, not this perfect picture of all things good.
“Oh, and I hope you keep that happier outlook. I can’t wait to enjoy it when I sink my teeth into you. I’m gonna put the mark so high, everyone will see. My own personal prize.” She added sweetly and Tony clenched his fists tightly, walking faster.
There was brief lull after that. The psychologist quickly left after that with a promise to come back each day and Tony was left wondering just what he’d do now, the moment he faced Steve.
Tony’s eyes flickered, just for a second. Then he started to take a step back but his body seemed to shake at the resistance. But that wasn’t a problem because Steve had thought of that too. He’d thought of everything he could.
“I have a mark?” Tony asked lightly, prodding at his neck gently. It burned under his skin and suddenly, he longed to grab a mirror and see for himself.
Tony was silent again. Steve couldn’t resist massaging his neck a bit more. Anything to mellow down the thick scent of lingering fear.
“They’ll kill you.” Tony whispered, curling his hands tightly in his lap. His eyes traced the pattern of Steve’s pants idly. Pine surrounded him in every corner.
Tony continued to laugh until he couldn't anymore. Until he ran out of both breath and patience. When he lifted his head back up, everyone shifted back.
Tony found himself smiling. He actually liked Tyler. He wasn’t a complete asshole like Ben or Trish and actually treated him pretty decently. Small mercies that he was the boss.
It was hard not to scoff, but somehow Tony managed to keep the tight smile on his face. “Yeah, have you seen me and Ben? We get on like the Hulk with an ATM.”
Mr. Robinson had always been a bit of an unknown to Tony. He’d only really met him a few times, and that too because he’d turned down various invitations to discuss join investments. As it stood, Tony didn’t really know what to expect from him, other than the fact he was a tall, dark and handsome type in his mid-thirties who was the CEO of AXO, a recent start up technological company that had grown fairly quickly in the time he’d been running from Osborn. A self made entrepreneur.
Slowly Tony pulled his hand away from his mouth. Then he bit his lip and stepped closer to the bed. For Steve, the distance between them felt like being light years away. They were out of sync and yet so close.
The words felt heavy as he spoke, and tentatively he looked up to gauge Steve’s reaction. To his surprise, Steve’s shoulders relaxed and he narrowed his eyes shrewdly.
Carefully, he took a deep breath and smiled. "Yeah. I'm okay, I promise. I just-" Tony looked down and mustered up his courage. "It was a good day. A really good day. I guess I'm just afraid that..."
“I...well here’s the thing.” Steve finally sighed and beckoned Tony closer. When Tony was within reach, Steve picked up a piece of paper from one of his infinite piles and handed it to him.
“There’s more if you want it.” Steve gestured to the pot behind him and took a seat opposite Tony. He reached for his own bowl and took a spoonful. It really was good.
“You don’t even wanna look at me. Even now. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised.” He laughed with no humor. “I was awful to you. On the Helicarrier. I said some awful things to you.”
Trish rolled her eyes and looked away while Ben and Sam just looked at him blankly, like he was some thief who’d come to take their food away. The two women just kept their heads down, sneaking glances at Ben and Trish.
He ran as fast as he could. Through the sand and the dust and the heat. Until his body was weak and his vision was blurring and his mouth was raw and dry.
“What?” Tony laughed nervously, feeling just a little self conscious. Had he stepped on a mind-field without realizing it?
Tony thought, and suddenly felt a burst of frustration. Was this how their evening was going to go? If it was, Tony was already doomed. This would be torture.
“I prefer to think of myself as an opportunist. I hear machines are mister Stark’s special interest.”
The small part of him that still feels, knows it’s wrong. He can’t stand there and don the uniform and take Steve’s place, he can’t.
“Don’t you get it Tony!” Steve snarled suddenly, eyes glowing in the dark as he slammed his fist against the window pane. “I’ve bonded you! It’s not something you can walk away from! You can’t just ignore this and carry on as normal! You don’t have a choice!”
"Remind me to show you sometime." Steve breathed against his skin and without wasting another minute, wrapped his lips around the tip of his cock.
His thoughts vanished quickly when the elevator doors slid open. The sight he was greeted with completely blew his mind.
It was unbelievable. Sometimes Tony wondered what it was that Steve saw the world through. His giddy optimism, matched only by the same mule-headed stubborness that drove him to sink himself into the ice for years.  Tony often joked to himself that Steve was more stubborn than he was.
And of course, she’d used every spare moment of her busy schedule to make his life a living hell. Not once would an hour go by that she wouldn’t remind him of what she’d do to him once he was hers.
Tony wondered if he’d meet his new friend again any time soon. Occasionally he’d catch himself staring at the wall past Zeke, picturing a winning canine smile and glowing eyes. When no one looked, he run from one end of the room to the other, enjoying the rush from his limbs. A smile would spread across his face every time he thought of the lamp-post.
Steve looked wanton, debauched and so angry, like a man starved and almost maddened with desire. Fire burned in his eyes as he brought his hands up to slip under Tony’s shirt and reached up. One hand began to brush his nipples while the other began to sink lower.
His fists tightened so hard they shook. “I was never a good person you know? Not really. But I wasn’t bad. I wasn’t so terrible.” Tony said with a crazed smile. “I did the same thing any twenty something year old would do with that amount of money. What’s so bad about that?”
Steve gave him a bright smile showing an impressive row of sharp teeth with blood dripping down his furry chin. His lupine features emphasized how shockingly happy his eyes were. The gold was brighter than ever.
Feeling his cheeks burn, Tony stared at the disgusting rug in a hopeless attempt to hide. But it was useless.
The next five days were a drag. Much of his time was spent describing the collection of mummies he’d saw and the quantity of bats in Manhattan to the twins. Zachariah had been very demanding of the details and Elijah acted like they were little treasure troves of information.
“You have a good build. Strong but not large. Slim. Good for hiding in the shadows. Exactly the kind you’d find in those areas.”
“He loves Sharon. And Maria and Dugan and Gabe and even you. But he hates me, and I know it. And you know it too. That’s why you’re asking me what’s wrong. You’re just waiting for me to say it!”
Well. Him and Steve would’ve been together at least. That’s what he’d first thought when Pepper had told him. He hadn’t mentioned it to her. Some things were best kept under lock and key.
The feeling of betrayal coupled with intense hatred. That’s what’s Steve feels for these people. It’s draining and poisonous but it's what they’ve done to him. One of them in particular.
“‘Sides...” Tony shrugged tiredly and felt his head start to pound in rebellion. “Wasn’t like I sent it.” Just to get the last word out. Old habits died hard.
“Tony, you need to answer me, and I need an honest answer-the most honest goddamn answer you can give me.” Steve demanded with a voice that shook. His eyes were blazing with anger. “Do you want this?”
He couldn't help it. A broad smile spread on his face, so bright that he was sure he looked insane for how happy he was. Like someone had lit a torch in him that had been out for so long. He felt renewed. Alive.
“Steve...” He turned and looked at Nat. The skin around her eyes were tight as they darted between his rapidly.
"I'm part of the team and we train here but you already know that. Don't change the subject." She said firmly but dropped her volume, looking desperate. "He misses you, you know. Have you talked to him about the SHRA? Have you both sat down and actually-"
“Of course Captain.” Ty smiles and looks at Tony with a soft expression. “We’re going to have a baby.”
Steve had never seen Stark cry. In fact, he’d barely seen Stark around since the day he’d made that comment. But here Stark was, nursing a half full glass of whiskey and ice, as covering his mouth with one hand as he sobbed. It was awful.
He was wearing a jet black suit that had a similar style to Tony’s, only the lines on his wrists were a thin gold. Tony couldn’t see exactly what his cuff links looked like, but they were also gold and glinted in the light. Following down from that, the neat cut suit traced the lines of Steve’s body with a fine hand, showing (but not overtly), his superior strength and muscles. His hair was attractively styled with a little bit of spike and his eyes gleamed in the light.
Steve turned away from his napkin and looked at him like he knew he was being watched and tilted his head curiously. Then he let go of the napkin and slowly reached for Tony’s hand again.
He didn’t think about his dwindling supplies. There wasn’t any point in worrying when there were plenty of other dangers.
“Silence, silence! That was not an invitation for you all to start speaking!” Zeke ordered and once again, the crowd went quiet. But the excitement was palpable.
Well, he couldn’t have that. He gave a wobbly smile. It was the best he could really give after what had just happened.
Strange’s eyes are red rimmed, Steve notices. The tremors in his hands are even more pronounced as they come up in a surrender.
“I’m sorry.” Steve says quietly, though it isn’t acknowledged. “I’m sorry that I...it’s come to this. It’s still not an option and we won’t be using it but...”
“So you need to be fighting?” That did make sense. Werewolves were seen to be fierce and pretty deadly in wolf form.
A few agents were starting to mumble. The team was starting to pull out their coms and talk to people inside. Tony thought he heard Carol call for a medic.
“Sorry.” Tony said quietly, staring past Steve’s shoulder. Then he just ducked his head and sighed tiredly, because he’d already embarrassed himself so what was a bit more? “Sorry, I-“
Tony looked down at the table and stared. Then he squeezed his eyes shut and ducked his head further.
“That Steve Rogers would become morally ambiguous. It’s not like you to use money for personal gain. Isn’t that something you’re against?”
Tony tried not to think about how likely it was that he was the cause behind Steve’s stress. It was a recurring theme, it seemed and Tony could only pretend for so long before the math proved it all.
Just then, he felt something hard and flat in his briefcase and pulled it out from under his various clothes and other things. It was the Avengers picture from back home. The one with him and Steve smiling.
Shooting once last glare at Tony, she pushed past Zeke, slamming the door shut behind her. Finally it was just him and Zeke, alone in this dungeon of a room.
“No. I admit the situation has changed but you should stay here with Whitney. I can’t imagine forgiving myself if something happened to you my pet.” He said, and without further discussion, spun back round and picked up his pen once more, scribbling to his so-called friend or whatever.
Her pulse was slow and fluttery. With each step, Tony’s senses honed in on her vital signs until it became crystal clear. Her heart rate was slow and her body was small.
“You hate Ty. You said he used to take advantage of you in college. That he’s the reason why you hated alphas.”
“Thanks.” Tony said sincerely and felt a hand settle into his hair from behind. To his surprise, Dugan laughed from behind them both and Tony noticed Gabe glare daggers at Dugan.
Tony remembered what he’d thought then. That Steve was just being polite about the obvious. He didn’t fit in. He never had.
“It’s not a problem. I was just surprised you’d even make something like this. I didn’t think you of all people would want-“ He froze and instantly looked away, seeming distraught. Steve frowned and folded his arms.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” Tony fired back, and silently followed the fuming agent through the rest of the labs.
On the dates with Steve, he usually discovers something new about himself. Something he’d never pictured but makes sense in a way. It’s still hard to piece things together but he’s trying.
“What would you like to eat?” Steve nudged gently, barely managing to keep his own sorrow away. He’d just watched the omega he loved go through hell.
Sitting in a seat in the centre of the long rectangular business table was Mr. Robinson. It was just him in the room, and he seemed to be busy doing something on the laptop in front of him. He had yet to look up.
It was dark and cold in space. No one had ever described it like that but Steve didn’t care. He could be the first, second, third, fourth, fifth-
He leans over and presses his lips against the ones of the man he's loved for so long, and gives his breath like it’s nothing. It’s easy. It always has been. Steve always took his breath away, regardless of whether they were sparring in the mansion or taking down the Skull.
“Oh, I don’t think that’s enough!” Norman snarled and put the full force of his strength down Tony’s back.
How long had he been out here? His throat was so dry, he was sure it would hurt to speak. Words seemed so far away, almost as far as the blue ship.
Frowning, he carefully knelt on the floor, trying not to make a sound when his stitches tugged sharply. He made a mental note to never get shot again.
Fury raised a brow but didn’t do much else. So Tony sighed and leaned back a little, feeling unsure of how to react. Him and Pierce were definitely not friends so maybe this was just keeping face.
"He didn't tell you because it would've made you an even bigger target. And from what he tells me, you were in no condition to defend yourself. He's already fought off several threats against you." Steve says and clears his throat, stepping even closer.
“Are you alright? I’ve never seen a vampire lose balance like that.” He said calmly and Tony couldn’t help but stare. The sheer
“Quick and easy huh?” Tony said and slammed his napkin down on the table before shoving the chair back and standing up despite Jeremy’s gasp. “That’s not what you thought when you went down on me that night-“
“Ah, the memory issue. Well, it doesn’t matter because I’m going to remind you. You need a full medical exam.”
Well he’d been good so far. No one had approached him or even noticed him. He’d been careful, sticking only to the shadows, and when a poor unfortunate human had aimlessly wandered into his small lair, he’d snuck forward and struck quickly, swift as a viper dealing a deadly blow. He had this vampire thing down to a tee.
“Then what did you want, Steve? For me to find out on my own? For me to one day walk in and see you playing best pals with my parents murderer after some criminal with a vendetta told me!? Was that your plan? Were you
“Of course, of course!” Zeke rubbed his hands together and smiled. “Everyone please return to your rooms. Anthony, you stay.”
“We’re going out. Beginning search and rescue for distress signal of homing device found on July twenty-third, two thousand and ten. Commencing now.”
In his arms, Tony’s shoulders shook but no noise came out and somehow, the feeling of Tony's fingers trying to find purchase in his suit made the whole situation so much worse. Feeling his heart plummet, Steve hugged him even tighter.
“Okay.” Tony said firmly, taking a deep shuddery breath. He could feel his heart rate doubling. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
” Rogers says sharply and his blue eyes go dark and fierce again as they meet Tony’s, head on. “I can never hate you. Never.”
Please also check out Lu and Juni's absolutely GORGEOUS ART!! It is honestly just wonderful, they are so awesome!
Blinking the grit from his tired eyes, he inhales and looks up at the sky. He’s still leaning against the corner-shop and by some miracle the owner hasn’t told him to leave yet. For a brief moment, Tony wonders if he can demand another bottle before moving.
He bent even closer. “You’re an ingrate. Turning your back on the family to sell yourself to the wolf. I bet you begged for it, didn’t you? Like a little whore.” He snarled and slid his hand into Tony’s hair, pulling his head back so hard, Tony felt strands tear.
"You were protecting yourself. And I didn't give you a good enough reason to trust me." Steve dipped his chin down and slowly brought his hands up to Tony's cheeks. There he held still and looked Tony in the eye.
Tony was in the middle of adjusting one of the locks in the face plate. He really didn’t have time for this.
“Wait!” Steve said sharply and grabbed Tony’s wrist before he could move any further. The minute he did, he felt Tony bristle. But Tony didn’t look at him.
Beside his shield was an outstretched hand. A human hand with four fingers and one thumb that was fully encased in a familiar red gauntlet. The mist didn’t allow for much, but Steve could already see further hints of red beside it.
Tony’s fangs expanded completely. His mouth opened slowly. Then he pressed his lips to Steve’s neck and sunk his fangs in. Fresh, life-giving blood filled his mouth and then-
“I didn’t know you were coming.” Tony muttered quietly, taking another sip of his wine. Through the glass, he noted the blonde woman beside Maria.
Steve’s lips pull back into a snarl. It’s frustrating to be affected by Reed’s words but some things are off-limits.
“Come now! I’m just grateful you could make it all! I’m immensely grateful old friend.” Zeke said and gestured to the line.
Tony’s heart blooms at the sight and against his will he struggles to fight tears. He made his son stop. His son felt safe enough to stop crying.
Historically all vampires listened to one leader. The father of the faction would decide everything, from rations to marriage within the faction. And of course, the selection and elimination of his members. Rules were always laid down with the expectation that they would be followed.
“I don’t want any complaints. Talk. Or I’ll talk for you.” And with another clap on his shoulder, Fury let him go and settled into the chair opposite.
“It was-ah, it was nothing. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.” Steve explained, shifting on his feet but with an intensity Tony remembered only once. With that poor tailor.
Tony was nervous. He didn’t know why but he couldn’t stop shifting and bouncing his leg on the drive back.
“Yes, of course.” Tony replied smoothly, hoping his complexion wouldn’t give him away. While Zeke didn’t allow mirrors in their haven, Tony had been told he often became paler when he lost blood. Some vampires did and some vampires didn’t; a strange phenomenon among vampires that no one had figured out yet. Tony’s cheeks exposed him too often.
“Steve I...” Tony’s cheeks went dark red and his lips twisted downwards. He blinked rapidly, and instantly Steve knew what was wrong. He’d had hours to predict it.
Steve pulled Tony’s hand away from his neck and rubbed his nose against the mark gently. Then a spark appeared in his eye and he yanked Tony against him, snaking a hand into his hair to kiss Tony hard. The rough clash of Steve’s canines against his fangs made Tony gasp in surprise and that gave Steve the perfect opportunity to slip his tongue in, like he’d done all those many nights ago.
“I can’t lose you. And definitely not because of my actions.” Steve said, voice muffled by Tony’s neck. Tony’s breath hitched when he felt Steve’s lips brush lightly against his skin.
“You’re not much of a talker are you?” Gabe said quietly, not shifting, even when Tony looked at him. “I bet that’s Howard’s doing right there.”
Steve wanted to laugh at that. Even Sharon was telling him. He needed to snap out of it. For Tony’s sake-
“Ideally not too far.” Steve said and flashed him a grin before turning back to the approaching robots. “Maybe you drop me off on the back of the robot and let me sort the control panel. Just cover me and I’ll get it done.”
"You weren't responsible for my death Tony. It wasn't you, and I'll show you the reports to prove it. Did we fight? Yes. Did we hurt each other? Yes. But that applies to both of us. It was never just your fault. It was both of us." Steve said calmly, but his eyes shon with tears and he looked like he was searching for something desperately. "And I owe you an apology for that."
Still, something inside Tony loosened a little. Like a wire unwinding. A door opening and revealing a glimmer of light. He could feel something relaxing in him.
He hadn’t expected Ty to leave him like that. Maybe if he hadn’t, Tony wouldn’t have gotten mugged or threatened by some petty group of thieves. What had started off as a nice date and drive back had ended in a nasty fight that had revolved around Tony’s ex.
“I don’t...I don’t feel so good...” Tony whispered but no one appeared to listen. The other vampires were shouting in horror and some were starting to cry for fear of their own life. They looked at Tony like he was some unknown creature, come to riddle their home with filth and sickness.
Tony, in his armor is looking at the screen too, just like everyone else. Steve pictures fear and guilt in Tony’s eyes. He’s seen it before after all, with the SHRA and their recent confrontation.
Earlier, he’d spotted a couple wearing Christmas hats. They’d been sharing a hot chocolate and giggling at a small family in front of them.
“OH YOU THINK!?” Tony screamed, biting back a whimper when Steve pressed around his palm gently. It was already starting to swell.
The relief in the air was so strong, it seeped into Steve’s pores. Tony wasn’t flinching away from him anymore, he felt calmer and dare he think it, happier.
“I remember. Do you realise that? I remember standing there at my parents funeral and thinking over and over about my father’s words! And do you know what he used to say to me!?”
Opening that door would be like opening Pandora’s box. He hadn’t spoken to Steve in three months. That in itself caused damage and that didn’t even begin to touch on the fact that he was responsible for what happened to Steve, even if he couldn’t remember it.
Work started from seven, he learned. Every agent was expected to have had breakfast by then with lunch at twelve and dinner by six.
Slowly he shifted and opened his eyes. Steve was leaning over him, one hand still on his shoulder while the other was holding a tray. It looked like a bowl with something like soup.
When he looks up, he can see the cogs turning in Ty’s mind. The alpha looks surprised which is strange. Has he really not noticed?
“Your pants next Tony.” Steve said firmly, starting to sound desperate and Tony hated that Steve was starting to get it. It hurt more than he could imagine. Steve would finally see his body for what it was; a blank canvas with nothing to give. No hope of anything.
Tony cried harder and tried to hide even more. Steve leaned closer and freed a hand to press against Tony’s forehead gently. The touch made Tony shudder and take a breath, easing Steve’s heart a little.
“They’re not your team. We all know who your real team is and I’m guessing that’s half the problem.” Steve said firmly, and clasped his hand tightly before pulling him away from the door.
“Right...” Tony shifted on his feet a little, careful not to say anything to that. They weren’t friends, not by a long shot. But Alexander Pierce was Nick’s friend, so Tony had to maintain courtesy.
“Well you need to calm down. It’s not good for the baby or me if you keep fighting with everyone. Clint told me you nearly took his eye out when he was training with you.”
“Here.” Steve says as he wraps it around Tony and the baby. “Is that comfortable? How are you feeling?”
Even if Steve’s not his alpha and Ty is...he knows what he wants. Steve has been kind from the start and while Ty hasn’t been bad either, there’s always something more when Steve looks at him.
The sound of his shield slipping off jolted him out of his thoughts. A loud clang of metal made him jump about five feet and he swore as he turned. The stress was getting to him, and the last thing he needed to do was get clumsier. Had he seriously not engaged his shield into the straps-
Slowly, he opens his eyes and takes a deep breath. The world comes into focus like a bad television screen, all fuzzy and hard to make out. But after a few blinks he clears his view and can make out the sky.
Something about the way Steve spoke made Tony’s body tense. That was Steve’s fighting stance. Were they gonna have a fight?
Surrounding him in this small space were five shield agents, all male and dressed in the same uniform Tony had seen before. Black skin tight body suits and yellow logos with a single belt and boots. It was similar to the directors uniform, even though he couldn’t remember wearing that. Still, he felt safe enough with these men and since they’d boarded the helicopter, they hadn’t disturbed Tony at all.
“I am.” Tony replied tiredly. Then he tried to edge out of Steve’s grip but the soldier grunted and tightened his hands, pulling him closer.
Tony had never felt more alone than he did now. And here he was with a man that belonged to someone else. They were all wrong.
It’s just reaching month eight and Tony’s waddling like a duck. He’s fed up and ready to have this baby and get this over with.
and his older children flee into the forest of the northern interior with other family members in the hopes of finding freedom.
“So you cast him out.” Steve says, like they haven’t just told him what he’d been hoping for. It adds to his question. “So that explains Namor but what about To-Stark?”
Gabe watched him carefully and shook his head wistfully. “No one made sure, did they? Otherwise you’d be comfortable enough to tell me why you’re upset and Steven wouldn’t be dancing around you like a man on hot flame.”
“A pleasure.” They shook hands across the table, and feeling a sudden spark of enthusiasm, Tony began to pour out drinks for everyone. Duggan and Gabe nodded their thanks, giving him a pleased look while Fury clinked his glass against his.
The tailor pulled back sharply and motioned at Steve with the tape. There was a sigh behind him that made him shudder. He could feel Steve’s breath brush against his ear as he leaned in.
Ty has no issues though since he’s too busy grinning manically and pointing at the Captain with a harsh finger.
Dugan, for his part, didn’t seem to let his age slow him down. He leaned forward and rested his chin on one hand, inspecting Tony carefully. Behind him, Gabe did the same.
“Okay, as great as this is, when’re the police coming? I don’t wanna wait for these guys to wake up.” Peter said, clapping his hands and Natasha landed beside him, rolling her many eyes.
The room was cozy, and actually looked similar to the room Steve had in the mansion. The king bed lay in the center, and there was a desk with several stacks of paper and some tablets. Bed side tables and lamps kept the room well lit and on the left was two rooms, one, a walk in wardrobe, and the other, an en-suite.
Tony wondered if he was better off just sitting back down and staying with Dugan and Gabe for the rest of the evening. Even though they were sloshed, it would still make for better company and a better distraction from just how much of an outlier he was here. Plus Steve was busy with-
“I do know. And I’m sure, I saw the footage.” He could hear Steve scowling. “I’m firing that guy. The one in research. He’s the reason you got hurt.”
But he also talks about big things. His first heat for example. He talks about how Tony had wanted it to not hurt. How he’d asked Steve to be gentle and how he’d said after that he’d never felt safer and didn’t want Steve to stop after the first knot. He’d called Steve kind apparently and they’d not stopped since.
”I’m non-combatant.” Tony explained calmly, feeling something twist in his stomach when Ben barked out a nervous laugh and rolled his eyes. The action seemed jarred, like he’d taken a hit and was somewhat dazed. He didn’t seem as cutting as he usually was.
A glance upwards told him Fury didn’t seem surprised. If anything he just looked grim. Still, he didn’t say a word and just seemed to wait for Tony to continue. So he did.
Is Steve really that afraid? That still doesn’t explain why Steve is so adamant about being the pup’s father. Or why he, Captain America, is so bothered about him.
Tony watched Steve pull out his dog tags. Surprisingly, they weren’t around his neck but as Tony inched closer to see the dangling chain, he instantly realised why.
Steve! And trust me, you don’t want to know.” And then Iron man shook his head like he was sure. “You won’t be happy if you know. I’m not what you think I am.”
“Jesus kid, I didn’t mean to startle you! Hey, can I get a napkin? Thanks.” Pieces handed him a napkin swiftly and hit between his shoulder blades with enough force to keep Tony bent over slightly. When he finally mustered then strength, he took a deep breath and suppressed a shudder. His head spun a little.
“I bet your mate loves that.” Tony smirked, imagining what Steve would be like all...out of control. It seemed delicious.
“Nothings changed for you work-wise Tony.” Captain Rogers says easily, watching him with concern. “You still run the company. You still live in the tower.”
Today was the same as every other day. Tony got up. Waited for Ben and Tyler to say something to him-today it was something about his shit coding and that apparently, he needed to rewire the missiles again. For the third time this week.
Once Rogers reluctantly lets him go, Tony presses his hand to his head and bows down. What is he gonna do?
“Sure thing.” Tony smiled, feeling a little lighter as he stood. Just as he turned, Gabe grabbed his arm and beckoned him closer.
It was complete chaos outside. On the top deck there were groups of Shield agents, all gathered with individual weapons and layouts of their own. There was gunfire and explosions and fire and smoke.
Robinson glared daggers at Steve and while he clutched his nose with one hand, he snapped his fingers with the other.
He sucked in a breath. The tape wrapped gently around his waist and was held for long enough for the initial cool feeling of the plastic to disappear. Tony let out a sigh of relief.
For a second Tony wondered if maybe he’d gone too far. There was a line and maybe he was far beyond it. But at the same time, he was done. He was finished.
. But he never got a name when he encountered Tony. And Tony’s must’ve appeared as soon as they shook hands for the first time. Had Tony been happy
He’d always hoped that Steve would be the leader. That maybe he would take over Shield and take the next step. It isn’t supposed to be him, not by a long shot since he knew what people thought of him.
Feeling exhausted, Tony sucked in a deep breath and lowered his hands. As the air left him, the room shimmered a little and fell out of focus. For a moment he was drifting. It was calming.
“Tony.” He tentatively took Steve’s hand and shook it, trying not to look too hard into Steve’s pleased expression. “Congrats on finding your soulmate. Are they here tonight?”
“You said the balls were moving?” Steve asked beside him, arms folded and stance tall as he gave the owner his full force Captain America stare.
"I don't love dancing but I don't mind it. My dance teacher used to be pretty strict with me and one of her key lessons was to always be smiling when you did it. It's one of those mandatory things they teach you in these circles, right next to the dinner forks." Tony smiled, watching Steve's eyes dart across his face carefully before narrowing in thought.
It was only after he left the apartment that he allowed himself to find an empty alley of his choice and throw up every bit of blood he’d had in the last few hours. All of it must’ve been Steve’s and he could still taste him in his mouth.
The compound wasn’t the same. After Siberia, he’d been told to rest by multiple doctors and so, he’d skulked in the compound, wandering aimlessly around rooms that carried distant memories.
Tony let his lips curve up. It was getting easier to plaster the smile on his face. “I do. It’s nice to watch the humans squirm.”
Steve blinked at him and gave him an odd look. Tony could see the cogs turning before Steve made a decision.
Making the decision, he stepped out of the sleeping area and observed the main living area. As he’d thought, the room was completely empty, with chairs askew and nothing but the green emergency lighting on. With the hours ticking away, the sun was almost fully set, painting the room dark in the grim light. For some reason, Tony was reminded of his boarding school from back when he’d been a kid. His father had sent him away and he’d never really come back the same after. It hadn’t been a bad change but he’d come back different. He’d changed.
Tony’s eyes widened at the words and he lifted his free hand up quickly. “It’s not him, don’t blame him, it really isn’t-“
Huge arms wrapped around him gently and tugged him close. Steve pulled him against his torso and rested his fingers in his hair, creating this small space of warmth and safety that Tony never wanted to leave.
"Seems to me there's a problem. You missed the-" Ben paused and frowned. Then he stopped and looked at Tony like he'd just discovered something.
After a brief inspection, Tyler cleared his throat and spoke. “So I’m Tyler, but you can call me Ty. This is the main research and development lab, which I’m sure Ben showed you already. I’m just gonna help you get settled in and let you know what your tasks are.”
“That’s not it.” Tony didn’t want to admit it had felt like that. But Steve hadn’t been in charge of Ben or any of the others.
"I don't know. Doesn't matter though, it's done." He pointed out, and snatched the shirt out of Steve's hand quickly. "Let's just leave it."
“Need to-need to send a message...c-can you do that?” Tony tries again, trying to meet the man halfway only he just about manages to push himself to his feet.
“Of course.” Steve grinned as Tony let go. “They’re here. I don’t plan on letting them go too far. From now on.”
It was the back of a restaurant. The foul stench of sewage and rotting food filled his nostrils. His face was dragged through a pile of pulverized fruit.
The portal closed behind them as planned. Steve heaved a sigh and pushed himself up, slipping his hands out from under Tony to plant them beside Tony’s face.
“Captain, as I said.” Strange says and it almost sounds like begging but that’s not likely. “Have compassion. There is only so much we can take as well.”
“Yup. They wanted them and I said no. Then I got drunk as hell and trashed my house. It wasn’t pretty.” Even as Tony said it, he winced. So much for getting Steve to tolerate him, let alone
“Checking pupil responses. The Captain says he’s not injured but he seems to be going into shock. Mr. Stark, can you hear me?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Tony said through grit teeth. He’d stood up too fast and his stitches throbbed. “I’m going down there to find out what’s happened.”
” Rogers downright shouts, his voice climbing higher. His eyebrows are higher than a kite and his blue eyes are huge and wide and his mouth is half open and-
Bossy indeed. He couldn’t help but wonder if next time he should call Steve something good. Who knew what Steve would say if heaven forbid, Tony told him what he actually thought of Steve.
“Indeed, Captain. There are air particles. A good sign but-“ His eyes darted across the ground, growing more and more concerned. “No food. Or life signs.”
They stood there awkwardly for at least a good minute before Steve finally cleared his throat and jerked his head. The tailor proceeded but with extreme caution, much to Tony’s surprise and delight. He felt fine now.
Overall it was unnerving. Perhaps he should’ve expected a strange being. But this one was oddly dressed and looked so different, despite being so similar.
“You’re late.” Steve said flatly, and flicked his gaze up at him in question. “You know you’re supposed to start at seven.”
His mind flashed to the children. Their huge round eyes, a pale and sickly red as they fought for a bite. He wondered if other factions had similar experiences.
"Tony, what's wrong?" Steve asked urgently, and went pale when he saw Tony try to get out of the bed.
In the rare moments where Tony reflects on the past, he is often reminded of how close he’d been to saying something. To revealing everything he’d felt, right down to the core. A singular truth that he’d always hidden away from the man he loved.
He’d never have a place by Steve’s side. He’d never be that comfortable with him. It wasn’t his place to ask for that. Hell, he couldn’t even read Steve properly half the time.
