Mrs Hudson and Lestrade hugged briefly, and then she looked Sherlock over. "Happy Birthday, Sherlock." Sherlock smiled.
"Thats not what you're going to tell me then?" Mary frowned. He shook his head and she looked him in the eye. "Whatever it is, it's fine."
Irene frowned. "I took the pictures of him and Godfrey. He's always been a little shy and Godfrey and I respected that. But he also said he wanted me to be safe from his father."
"We're all human," Sherlock said softly, and John looked up to find Sherlock's eyes as soft as his voice.
John met Sherlock's gaze and the two started to make their way out of the ministry as quickly as they could.
He paused over a photo of Lestrade and a young girl. Couldn't be his daughter--Lestrade had never married. But he also never spoke of a child in his life. Sherlock wondered who she was and what she meant to his mentor.
Lestrade held Sherlock's gaze for several moments before nodding. "Fine. I'll probably be asked to work this one. Wish there was someway I can prove he was blackmailing."
"Well aware of that," Sherlock muttered, thinking of Mycroft, who had promptly dumped most of his connections once he'd been well on his way. "Thanks for doing this."
He entered the bookstore, peering around the tall shelves in the Quidditch aisle for signs of his friend but saw none. As he poked his head around a shelf, a boy his age looked up and met eyes with him, brown eyes widening in Sherlock and Sherlock's own doing the same before he stumbled backward, knowing he'd been caught, praying they wouldn't a scene.
But if Lestrade was bothered by the image, he didn't show it because a second later the sounds of walking had resumed and Sherlock heard the sounds of a cupboard opening in the small kitchen.
"I did say I would." John watched as Sherlock put the groceries back into the bag, feeling something tighten in his chest. He wasn't sure how to respond, other than to grin. The rest of the cab ride was spent in silence, John thinking about the milk and beans.
"I don't think anyone ever will," John said softly, smiling. Mycroft looked at him, raising an eyebrow.
He mused as he headed down the grand staircase, about how much Dumbledore annoyed him. The man was kinder than most people, but the fact that he was constantly planning things and keeping information from people who only wanted to help--Sherlock slipped on a trap stair, blinking as he realized he'd done exactly the same to John the past 4 years.
Mary laughed. "Well, thank you sherlock, for letting me be the first friend you've ever told with no extreme circumstances." She tilted her head. "We're still not naming the baby after you."
A+ time wise that The Seeker was released in the 70s and this series is set in the 80s. Thanks, the Who.
"So you are here because of Mr Fischer," a dismayed voice came from the doorway. John and Sherlock both turned to see a young woman, taller and thinner than Nell, with dark hair and startling brown eyes.
Nell's eyes narrowed and Irene looked from Sherlock to John. "After Fischer's previous attempts to trespass, there hasn't been a night we haven't been ready for another attempt to steal the photos."
"Want me to take you?" Sherlock shook his head and she sighed. "Okay, don't be back too late if you can help it. I'll try to get dinner ready around six, so be back then if you want some."
"I won't," Sherlock said, flicking the cigarette away. Snape made a face, "-let you catch me again," Sherlock finished, turning to walk to the castle. Snape grabbed a fistful of Sherlock's robes and held him back; Sherlock flinched and whipped his head around to face Snape, silently chastising himself you are fine you are fine youarefine. Snape quickly let go and took a step back.
I will not be editing what I've written already here, because I want that progress to show. I grew with this series and I will continue to grow with it.
"I left and came here. Mycroft and I are on better terms now but I wasn't going to spend anymore time at his than I had to."
Sally nodded. Anderson shook his head. "You need to tell me how you did it, by the way. My study group and I came up with several theories, mine was the best, obviously..."
Sherlock awoke Christmas morning to snow falling outside his window at 221b. He smiled faintly, stretching before pulling on a shirt and socks. When he made it into the front room, Mrs. Hudson was putting tea and toast on the table.
John smiled faintly as the four of the separated in the stairwell. "That's so different. Those two. Us. Not fighting."
John coughed slightly. "Well, I had a chat with McGonagall. And... I talked to Molly a few days ago about it." He cocked his head when Sherlock gave him a piercing look. "What? She was making sure you and I were on better terms. She...checked up on me a lot while you were gone. Anyways, she told me that Anderson and Sally had some words with Flitwick and McGonagall... I didn't believe that they would actually fight to keep you here, even after Moriarty's death made it seem like you were telling the truth. But as it seems like you're on good terms now..."
"Solved the problem easily," he muttered. "You got the same 30 seconds in the room with the man; he deserved it, yeah?"
"She was really good," William said. "Sang too; Broadway was her backup plan." He looked devastated.
"Yeah. We should get outside; I doubt the building is very steady after this." Somehow, Sherlock's voice was less shaken than he looked.
"We...got on well and this flat was for two people. Initially, I think Irene had plans to move in here alone, but then we met in the campus library when I was still looking for cheaper rent." Sherlock shifted as she shrugged. "It all worked out." Nell gestured to the door. "I'll just call her down. Feel free to sit."
Mrs. Hudson "tsked" and Lestrade laughed a little. "Some idiot let him grab his wand and I didn't react quickly enough." Lestrade looked to Sherlock. "Still in one piece, though."
An hour into the trainride, Molly Hooper walked in. Sherlock flinched at the sound of the door opening, standing up straight and then shivering violently as she threw her arms around him as he stood.
"Kidnapped," John said, keeping his voice light. "What can you do, eh, Lestrade?" He saw Sherlock smirk out of the corner of his eye.
"It's your decision," Sherlock said softly. He didn't want to let what he thought might be feelings for John play into it. If he was making enemies, he still had to decide how close he should keep people he cared about, and he didn't want to decide based on some hope that John was leaving Mary for him. For all he know, John was completely straight and had no interest in him whatsoever. And as Sherlock's last boyfriend had hung himself, Sherlock wasn't keen on having to deal with anything happening to John, or being reminded of that if he were to get in another relationship.
"You're sure about taking on the Milverton case, then?" John asked as they reached the common room. Sherlock nodded.
John punched him, square in the face, Sherlock let out a bark of bitter laughter that John mistook as amusement and tackled him, down the stairs flat on his back on the ground. Sherlock bit his tongue in pain, grounding loudly as John attempted to throttle him.
"what the hell hit me?" Sherlock asked, groaning and rubbing his forehead. he watched as Mrs Hudson made a face and pointed to her frying pan on the counter.
“Very well then.” Sherlock nodded, chuckling with the strange, magical being he’d just discovered. Or rather, the strange magical being that discovered him.
The second thing John noticed was that Sherlock didn't seem to have any trace of a gag reflex. He tried not to dwell on this too much.
Sherlock was silent for a while. To anyone else, it would seem like he was just focusing on navigating the winding roads, but John knew he was struggling to come up with an appropriate answer. Or rather, put the answer into words. “Yes, I did make that offer with the potential of feeding off you in mind. But I can’t demand that you open your veins for me in lieu of rent. I’m not quite that much of a bastard.”
John pretended to ignore the searing glares the forensics team gave him as he followed. "Sherlock, what am I doing here?" John growled under his breath. A twinge of pain flared up in his thigh, like a grain of burning sand lodged between his thigh muscles.
“The kidnapper asked for two plane tickets to cuba. Who would he choose to whisk off to cuba to start a new life with? Not a relative. Certainly not just any friend.”
He did. They were unfocused and heavy, but it showed he had some measure of awareness and that was enough. The humming shifted to a shrill screech, like a mosquito buzzing around between John’s ears. He took a deep breath
Sherlock unwound himself from around John and sat against the headrest, wriggling his toes in the human’s residual body heat as he scrolled through the local news on his phone.
John came home feeling like he got hit by truck. The adrenaline rush of the day had drained down to an oppressive exhaustion. His limbs felt heavy and numb, his limp was making a slow but sure come-back and the gash in his arm was making itself known. But what irritated him most at the moment was that his jumper and shirt were both ruined and he didn't exactly have the budget to spare them.
“John.” Sherlock rumbled in greeting, glancing over his shoulder for a brief second before cracking a couple of eggs into the sizzling pan. In that second, he managed to give the doctor the most thorough once-over he’d ever experienced, followed by a self-satisfied smirk.  “I tried to wake you, but my efforts were utterly futile. So I assume you were sleeping very well.”
They spent no less than five minutes uploading the audio from all four videos into the program, isolating the background noise from the kidnapper's voice and amplifying it. Then it became clear that it wasn't only one sound, it was two. One a fraction higher in pitch than the other. They fluctuated subtly, the pitch and volume shifting seemingly without cause or pattern.
Lestrade charged towards him, temper blazing. Sherlock stepped to the side, missing a fist to the head by a mile. He still seems surprised for it. “I swear to god, Sherlock. If this is another childish game of yours I’ll-”
“Try not to kidnap Mrs. Hudson on the way out. I’d hate for her to burn her brownies.” Sherlock sighed as Mycroft swept out of the room, umbrella and all.
“Think, Miyamoto. The police are on their way. Your daughters are in the room. The best outcome you can hope for is lengthy trial for you and deep emotional scars for your children. At worst, you’ll be put in jail and they’ll be put in someone else’s care. Would one moment’s revenge really be worth never seeing them again?” Sherlock’s reasoning fell on deaf ears. The man was blind with fury. John’s gaze shifted from the kidnapper to the scared kids tied up behind him. Their eyes were red from sobbing, but they seemed otherwise unharmed.
Sherlock pushed his chair back and adjusted his scarf. “It’s about time we headed home. Lestrade’s probably sent me those crime scene photos by now and I’d like to research some of the imagery used in this piece.”
“It was a ridiculous attempt to scare you off." Sherlock answered for his brother, making no attempt at disguising his disgust towards the idea. "My dear brother is under the assumption that no one would willingly come in contact with me unless they're secretly out to sell me on the black market."
Sherlock rose and threw open the fridge door in a whirl of motion and satin. "Don't worry about not finishing it. She's usually too high to be offended," He commented as he sat back down with a plastic bag labelled 'Lestrade' in his hand. He opened a valve at one end of it and began sucking it as he settled back in his seat.
“Y-you mean the skull.” John felt, the way a suddenly blinded man feels a doorknob, that he was missing something. “So... He's your boyfriend?"
John set down the fork, the handle pointed in Sherlock’s direction. “This is something you need isn’t it? Like the special sofa and the special knife and having me cut myself. This is a part of the ritual too.”
“But why-“ Sherlock protested, only to be cut off by the man physically shoving him in the general direction of his horse.
John shot him an incredulous glance. He was considering the possibility that perhaps the words ‘nice’ and ‘relaxing’ meant something different in his language.
Sherlock pulled himself to his feet, wiping some of the dew off his ass. “Oh, I’m terribly sorry. I had no idea you owned the flowers. Oh, am I also breathing too much of your air? Am I intruding under your patch of sky as well?”
He slumped against the headboard, staring off into his own thoughts. “I accept.” The vampire said quietly, almost mouthing the words. It came as surprise to both of them.
John yanked the paper from his hand and made an attempt to smooth it out. “Well, I’ll see about that.”
“Sherlock said that this was all the effects of starvation. Is that true?” John asked as they watched Sherlock’s consciousness fade.
"Basically, you brought me to a murder investigation as... a first date?" John asked incredulously over his gargantuan plate of lasagna. The owner of Angelo's, unsurprisingly named Angelo, was very eager to please. Perhaps a little too eager. He had kicked out another couple so they could have the window seat, repeatedly congratulated Sherlock for his 'fine catch' and was half a second away from hiring a violinist to 'set the mood' when Sherlock politely suggested that he piss off. It was.... a bit awkward to say the least, considering John wasn't aware a romantic involvement was a part of the agreement (if they even had an agreement) and he wasn't even sure if he was into men, let alone vampires. But hey, the lasagna was excellent.
“God, why do I ever let you make tea? This is awful.” John grimaced as Sherlock pretended to drink his own cup of vaguely warm water.
Sherlock nodded along, absorbing the information and the scene before him. Without warning, he began to walk around the stone, just a few steps from the moat of blood surrounding it. Greenfield shot John a dubious look but he reassured her with a resigned shrug.
It wasn’t that he didn’t believe Sherlock could defend himself, he’d seen the man wrestle and talk his way out of a number of situations. It was just that his flatmate’s acting skills were a bit more captivating than usual. There were tears involved and drawn out negotiations. “There were still quite a few of them.”
“What’s that?” John peered over Sherlock’s shoulder, catching a flash of color before Sherlock scooped the contents out and whirled back to his feet.
Knowing he wasn’t quite in his depth with this matter John left and did as he was told, not that there was room for anything else in Lestrade’s tone of voice. Just as the bathwater started flowing warm, he heard the sounds of struggle at the end of the hall but before he could get up, he caught some snatches of conversation that cooled his panic. He watched the clear, glass green waters rise slowly higher and breathed through his nose in attempt to steady himself.
Then a thought passed through his head. Just a whim, really. He wondered how much it would take to wake Sherlock. So, without really thinking, John pressed the flat of the cold blade against Sherlock’s neck.
"Fascinating." He'd heard of disorders with similar symptoms, but had no idea it could be that extreme. "What about... I don't know- fairies. There's no way they exist."
“Sherlock!” He groaned, his eyes squinting against the sun. “What the bloody hell are you doing up there?”
And see the sights they did. They visited pretty much every well-travelled nature trail through the country side and well-loved local business, chatting with the friendly locals and learning about the inane local gossip. All their experiences were lovely and filled with small town charm and boring as all hell.
“I'm afraid not.” There was a pause, a rustle of static as Lestrade juggled the phone. “Try to get him conscious. Or as close to it as you can. I'll be there in ten.”
“No!” Lestrade protested immediately. “He’s under too much stress. He wouldn’t be able to keep anything down and it’d make recovery just that much harder. Heat’s a pain reliever. It can’t make his body stop digesting itself, but it makes the process less destructive. If we’re really lucky, we might not need drugs.”
John rolled his eyes and set it aside. Sherlock found it rather surprising that a fire wasn’t the first thing on his mind, as he was wearing only a flimsy tunic. “I don’t know why you can’t do it yourself. Doesn’t anyone in your fancy castle know these things?”
The next day, John looked up from breakfast to see Sherlock flying through the living room with an armful of bottles, jars and brushes. He observed absent-mindedly over his half-finished plate of eggs and toast as Sherlock set the jars down one by one on the mantelpiece in front of the mirror for no other reason than because his eyes needed to land somewhere. John considered the possibility of reaching for the newspaper, but he knew it wasn’t likely he’d find anything remotely worth reading. So he continued watching as Sherlock opened one of the jars, dipped a brush in and started spreading it over his forehead.
"Thank you." He sipped at it, the warmth of it immediately spreading through his chest. His eyes fluttered shut at the sensation. "Mm. That's lovely." He opened them to find Sherlock studying him intently from over the rim of his own cup. The vampire's gaze slid aimlessly off to the side, as though it was a mere passing glance, but John wasn't fooled. Still, John let it go for now. He was in the mood to let things go.
John was sure that the qualities listed didn't come close to Sherlock’s worst. “Who said anything about flatmates?”
Outside, life went on as ever. People rushed about on their lunch break or loitered around the shops. The day was bright and warm. The afternoon air didn't smell quite as bad as it usually did. Even the birds seemed slightly more pleased with themselves than usual.
“That’s absolutely ridiculous. You know that right?” he interjected, grinning with bewilderment. As he watched the man’s expressions flicker like a wildfire, Sherlock realized that his body wasn’t actually gold, so much as coated in a fine, shining mist. Except his eyelashes. Those were solid gold. The kind you bind illuminated manuscripts in. “How could you possibly test these ‘cures’? Poison yourself and hope for the best?”
But that wasn't the case now. John felt very much in touch with emotions. There were about... thirty of them, currently. Most of them were directed towards the brilliant, insane, possibly psychotic man sitting across the table from him. They all seemed to be varying shades of confusion, shock and amusement.
Spoilers(ish): I'm sure you've already guessed that the kidnapper is Mycroft. I'd just like to say that it was pretty interesting writing his speech pattern. I know how much he loves the sound of his own voice so I tried to squeeze as many extra, entirely superfluous, words in there as I could.
“Well it is. And you’re trespassing on it. Now, if it was only trespassing, I could forgive you. People get lost. I’ve done my best to hide this place, but there’s a first time for everything apparently. But tell me, what right do you think you have that permits you to just tear up whatever flowers you please? Did you even think about asking?”
"It is," replied Sherlock suddenly gasping and frantic. "This case just got 30% more complicated." Usually, Sherlock would be delighted at that fact. Positively, disgustingly glowing. But this time it seemed to terrify him.
It didn't take long for John to realize that when Sherlock said that missing persons cases were torturous, he wasn't being dramatic. It was only half an hour into the case and already he wished he had the money to pay someone else to do it for him. Her best friend claimed, (after a significant amount of improv on Sherlock's part) that Amelia had gone to a different friend's place to escape her mother's overbearing boyfriend.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and leaned back in his chair, letting his head hang over the backrest. It was the very picture of dramaticized exasperation. "Gawwwd, I don't even haaave fangs."
Still, there was nothing but stubborn silence. And the rat scurrying up a pipe down the corridor. “It’s actually fairly common among English vampires. About… 23% have their fangs removed due to growth defects. But most have replacement fangs made of from tiger teeth and ivory which really isn’t a good idea. Even without considering the environmental and legal ramifications. Artificial materials tend to be more sterile and less prone to holding on to bacteria. That’s why you can often identify a vampire by how much their breath smells like death. And it’s also why I use porcelain dentures and soak them in alcohol every-“
Lestrade laughed humorlessly behind him. “I just realized something.” he said, with the air of a man waking up in a jail cell, remembering he’s on death row. “I don’t think I’m going to be married for much longer.”
“No. John, I must insist you put those down now.” Sherlock said, frantically tugging at John's sleeve.
John, having become much more impressionable under the influence of his tea, shrugged. “Sure, come in.”
“One thing is certain, we can’t rely on the police for accurate information. Or any information.” Sherlock sighed as they looked for a place to eat.
“Kidnapped children. Hostage situation. I’ll give you the details on the way.” John stood immediately, grabbing his jacket on the way to the door. Sherlock languorously stood with all of the haste of a lazy sunday afternoon and made his way to his bedroom.
Sherlock hummed mockingly. Sarcastically. John didn’t know how one hum could make him feel so stupid. “You’ve already met Victor.”
He took a seat by John’s fire pit, just a few feet away from the burrow, wondering if breakfast would be worth the walk back to his horse. He glanced at the lemony light peeking out of the inconspicuous little hole in the ground and decided against it. But the morning chill was beginning to get unbearable, so he gathered some wood, found two sticks and made an attempt at rubbing them together. As he had lived a sheltered life in a bustling manor with many servants and more sophisticated tools, he had never actually learned how to light a fire in the woods. He’d seen John do it dozens of times though and the mechanics of it seemed ludicrously simple. Take wood, apply friction, add more wood slowly so as not to smother it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and ran to his horse. As he swung into the saddle and prompted the tired old thing to a trot, he shouted over his shoulder, “Wait! I never got your name!”
I'm uploading this at like one in the morning, because I can't sleep. This is really more of an amusing filler than anything. More meaty stuff will come soon though.
“I did not ask you. I didn’t ask you about a single one of the things you decided to tell me.” Sherlock butted in, sincerely regretting his spur of the moment decision to make an attempt at being polite. “What I did ask you is exactly how long have these events been occurring.”
“Partly because of my secret life as a blood servant to a family of ancient supernatural beings. Partly because of my dedication to my demanding and very dangerous career. And I’m not going to pretend our declining sex life has nothing to do with it. But.. mostly because I keep running off to the flat of a gorgeous young man and coming back hours later looking dazed and happy.” He laughed at his own tragic joke, gingerly setting the newspaper aside.
He slowed his horse to a slow trot, giving him the chance to consult the rough map he’d transcribed onto his arm. If he was correct, and he always was, a few miles from here there should be a path. Probably little more than a muddy trail left by passing wildlife, but it would lead him right into the heart of the old forest.
John watched as the vampire’s face scrunched like he’d just bit into a rotten lemon. “Enjoying yourself?”
“And John.” The man called out as he trailed after Anthea. “If you’re in ever interested in taking another murderer off the streets. I’ll be in touch.”
"Wait wait wait. You're like a thousand years old. You can't honestly tell me that you've never had a close call. A random fling picked up at some 16th century tavern, limited birth control and understanding of the reproduction system, I imagine shit would hit the fan rather quickly."
The strange, fascinating being before him shook his head, glittering in the low light. “So, I assume I can expect you to intrude on my home again?”
Slowly, he began walking toward the man. It seemed to be the only option available. He couldn't see anyone in the general vicinity but he had no doubt that those thugs were standing by, waiting for him to make a wrong move.
It had gone... Well. Really well, actually. His future job was bound to pay... maybe not enough to make him rich. But an actual paycheck would be a nice change in pace. His future employer was attractive and attracted to him, which might make things more complicated professionally. But John certainly didn't mind a little complexity in his life.
Luckily, Sherlock was already waiting at the end of the alley. At the first sight of his unmistakable silhouette, she stopped and ran back towards John, apparently assuming that the smaller man would be easier to get past than the towering, imposing caricature of a man that was Sherlock Holmes. She was probably right, to an extent.
"There are a hundred people in this apartment complex who would have been easier to kill. Just next door, there's a blind old lady who has a bad habit of leaving her door unlocked."
John didn’t have to think long to answer that. “No. It was obviously collected someplace else and splashed around here. Nothing to suggest how the victim died. If they died. Depending on how much has soaked into the soil, this may not even be enough to indicate loss of life.”
“It’d be unwise to take any more from you today.” He sighed, pushing himself off of John slowly, hesitantly.
“Oh. Wow. So how does that… happen exactly?” Sherlock didn’t look any less confused. “How did you become a vampire?”
“Yes. You are.” Sherlock said calmly, with just the slightest edge of threat in his voice. “Don’t worry. They’ll be here in a second. Just sit back and keep quiet and they’ll set you free.”
“How cute.” It was a rather meticulous painting of Sherlock about two centuries younger dead asleep titled ‘Ye Darke and Mysterious Vampyre’. There wasn’t anything mysterious about the cloud of rumpled curls floating over his head, the small lake of pinkish drool collecting on his pillow or the matching warm flush of his cheeks. “You look so young!”
The man ignored the question entirely. “I understand that you've come into acquaintance with a… ‘man’ named Sherlock Holmes.”
“Go stand by that pile of wood.” He instructed, walking to a large tree at the other end of the clearing. He drew a knife he kept in his belt and carved a rough circle in the trunk. Once he had a half-decent target drawn up he walked back to John, who making himself look ridiculous by trying to find a way to hold the bow without looking ridiculous. Sherlock took the contraption from him and loaded it with one of the arrows he had in his pocket. “You brace it against your shoulder like so…”
“If you ask me, all these people making claims of foul play are… a little over-sensitive. Greenfield’s a damn fine officer and all, but she’s relatively new here. She doesn’t understand life in a town like this. Things like that just don’t happen around here. The butcher’s son and his friends might like to throw around some pig’s blood around for kicks or someone’s dog might wander off and get caught by wildlife, but certainly not anything sinister. In fact, I-”
"No, that sound back there. The one the kids were making.” The one that was still ringing through his head like the lingering burn of vomit.
He pulled himself from his trance long enough to respond. “That might be necessary to convince my brother that it works, but not until I can find a reliable formula. In the meantime, I have a cat that has a nasty habit of bringing me live rats.”
"We don't even have beans and toast anymore. Just stale crackers and formaldehyde." John hissed after the client awkwardly shuffled back to the sofa. "You might be able to survive on bodily fluids and unpaid debts, but the rest of need a bit more cash."
They both blinked. Sherlock cleared his throat. “No thank you, I’m fine.” She didn’t look convinced. He saw the well disguised signs of a single mother, slightly on the over-bearing side. “I’m… in the middle of juice cleanse. But thank you anyways, darling. “
John imagined he could hear the sound of stones grinding together as Mycroft turned his head in his direction. "Such a pleasure to meet you again, John."
Sherlock shot Lestrade a warning glance, which he ignored. “Last time he tried to drink from her flesh she… got off.”
“Scrapping ‘the case of the bloody grannies’ then, eh?” Sherlock grumbled as he lay stretched out over the sofa, positively glowing with post-case satisfaction.
If anything, that answer baffled John further. “But… what would make someone desperate enough to break into a secured mansion full of staff and kidnap a couple of kids?”
"Just move them aside." He muttered, not looking up from his phone. "There are about a dozen of them. Left hands."
In the living room, Sherlock stood in front of the fireplace, his tightly drawn face reflected in the mirror. His burgundy dressing gown billowed around his ankles, revealing that he had just finished a round of pacing.
Sherlock leaned in close to whisper “No, I just need a cover while I test a theory.” And stuck the bloodied end of a test swab in his mouth.
Sherlock drew himself from his chair stormily, throwing the door open with barely-restrained fury. His brother stood in the doorway with a smile that was just slightly too sugary. As much as Mycroft enjoyed mocking his younger brother’s less than successful efforts at assimilating himself into human society, the supposedly more experienced and knowledgeable vampire was awful at replicating human facial expression.
Sherlock blinked. His mouth opened. “Roughly… 170 years?” He seemed just about as comfortable as a man trying to answer the question ‘Why do you have a live animal in your rectum?’
“Victor. The real Victor.” Sherlock swept past him to the desk. “This isn’t all of it. There are notebooks and more serious works and unfinished pieces. But it’s enough.”
“Yes.” John grunted, pulling on a jacket. He couldn’t be sure if Sherlock was referring to hitting him with a door or brushing his teeth, but the answer to both of the questions was basically the same so it didn’t matter. “Speaking of which you should probably put yours in.”
"You drink tea?" He hadn't seen his night-dwelling flatmate very often since he more-or-less failed to reject his offer to live together. When he did, the strange man always seemed to be busy. Sometimes he was busy with one of his visitors, other times he was busy staring at the bits of paper gruesome photos pinned all over the walls and mumbling to himself. He didn't know which was more surprising, the fact that he was up this early or the fact that he hadn't demanded payment in blood thus far.
Sherlock looked back to his reflection, jumping slightly as he realized John was right. “Ah! Yes. Don’t want to forget those.”
“Oh, shove it. I'm not going anywhere.” Lestrade sighed, carefully hanging his good jacket on the hat stand. “John, go draw a hot bath.”
“I was born.” Sherlock answered, fairly confident in his answer. “How else would one become a vampire?”
"Yes, I did." Sherlock stood to casually fiddle with his sheet music. Or at least, a stage actor's idea of casual. "Although, I don't think you were exactly entirely conscious at the time."
“Fine.” John conceded, setting down the painting. Picking up another immediately afterwards. “Wait, there’s an entire stack!”
The letter was not written in gold but emerald green. The hand it was written in was not the calligraphy you might see on wedding invitations but it was still extremely florid and outdated. He read it aloud, just to annoy Sherlock. “
Lestrade groaned. He really wasn't fond of these dramatic types. Sure, they were ultimately easier to catch, what with their arrogance and need for attention. But the crime scenes were always so gruesome. Not to mention the panic when the media sunk their teeth into it.
John didn’t even know he could drive. If he did know, he’d have insisted that they take a train. But it turns out Sherlock had a license from before they thought to put expiration dates on them. So it was technically valid, although it did turn quite a few heads at the car rental place. And although he could, technically, drive, John was pretty sure he hadn’t since cars were made by hand.
"Good evening sirs. How can we help you today?" A young man with a diamond bright smile and hair styled within an inch of it's life asked breezily.
He continued writing without a moment’s pause. “You haven’t been on any drugs, prescribed or otherwise. Low alcohol content too, but that doesn't say much as the human body metabolizes alcohol rather quickly.”
Ella the Therapist always told John that he needed to be more in touch with his emotions. She recommended meditation or writing or just taking a couple of minutes to just sit and think about where he is mentally and spiritually. Whenever he tried those things, he found that the only emotion he was getting in touch with was a massive, crushing boredom.
“Well, we have the time.” Sherlock sighed, trying to get comfortable against the rusted iron bars. With the way his hands were so crudely locked behind his back and a massive bruise on his shoulder from one of their kidnapper’s crowbars, comfortability just wasn’t possible. He’d have thought that cults of elderly women would have been more courteous in their methods of bondage.
“Well, I’m not here to talk to you.” Mycroft peered over Sherlock’s shoulder, making eye-contact with the army doctor by the fireplace. “John, could I speak with you for a moment?”
“Had a letter for me.” John gestured to the coffee table, hoping it would prompt Sherlock to get off his back. His headache was coming back and he wasn’t really in the mood to deal with his ridiculous unresolved issues involving his brother. Thankfully, the letter was enough to lure the curious vampire away.
"High?" John wasn't sure how he still had the capacity to be baffled. Then again... that would explain the massive quantities of food. And the endless patience. "On what?"
John got dressed in a matter of seconds, only getting his shirt on the right way by the grace of god. He reached for the door knob.
Sherlock laughed, not his usual pretend human laugh, but something deeper. Realer. More carnal. “It’s… been so long. So long since I’ve ever… even wanted.” Sherlock murmured against his lips, the phrase an intricate tapestry woven with three threads- deep longing and sharp apprehension and loss. It echoed in the air, like the moans of ghosts.
John answered with a hard punch to the gut. It didn’t land, Sherlock slid past it easily, retaliating with a playful bat to the cheek. With a better understanding of how things stood between them in this fight, John got serious, landing a couple hits, blocking a few more, catching and then losing his opponent in a couple choke holds and grapples.
"No man would call himself 'the muse'. Stop being boring. The murder is only a medium. A means to an end. Killing this girl was not her goal. Her goal was to create this scene. Look at the care she took in positioning the subject. The attention to detail in the line work. She even put in the effort to frame and sign it. This murderer is an artist," Sherlock purred before throwing himself entirely into studying the scene.
Heya! This turned out a lot later than I expected, but I recently got a new job so I din't have as much time or energy as I used to.
“You can tell?” It briefly occurred to John that hospitals could save so much time and money by hiring a vampire to do blood taste tests. But he doubted they would consider it entirely sanitary.
John nodded in agreement and watched light dance over the building across from them through the window. His actual life started back up tomorrow. Work, a therapist appointment, bills to pay, a girlfriend he totally forgot about and had probably moved on by now… but all that didn’t matter until tomorrow. Yesterday, he was kidnapped by a bunch of plotting grandmothers who had every intention of passing him around like a bottle of wine at a party. Today he can rest a bit.
“It hurts.” Sherlock whined, squinting against the already dim light of the lamp across the room. He sounded suddenly so much like a lost child, it was frightening. Like witnessing a demonic possession of sorts. It was entirely characteristic of Sherlock to act childish. But this was something else entirely. “Father, I’m afraid.”
He moved Sherlock’s head to a slightly more comfortable position off his shoulder and onto his chest, flexing his arm to get the blood flowing in it again. As he did, he realized his fingers were still wrapped around the handle of the knife that he’d drawn his own blood with just half an hour before. And a half an hour before that. And five minutes before that. It seemed Sherlock preferred to take his meals one sip at a time. But that was beside the point. The point was… on the knife in John’s hand. It was very sharp. He passed the knife to his other, freer, hand to examine it a little closer. His eyes traced the crusts of blood lining every floral whirl of metal, thinking mindlessly how it could possibly be cleaned safely.
This morning, he was particularly eager because he’d brought his newfound brother a present. He thought of it as a kind of birthday present, although the fair folk don’t celebrate birthdays and neither of them had any clue of when John was born or if he was even born. For all they knew, he could have sprouted out of the ground. But none the less, Sherlock thought it fit to celebrate his friend’s continued existence. With a crossbow.
“You always leave.” The vampire said under his breath, like a scared child. “You leave the first chance you get every time, staying as far away as one can in the meantime. Every moment I have with you is stolen using cheap antics such as inconveniently falling asleep on your arm.  It’s like you only bother to keep me alive because you don’t want to be responsible for killing me”
John huffed a laugh and looked around the flat. The place was like a bird's nest. Lovingly constructed out of random crap and bodily fluids. He couldn't imagine what it would've looked like empty.
Of course, all of these guesses were laughably wrong. What was hiding behind the plain wooden door was a perfectly ordinary bedroom. Which, in itself, was rather… unsettling. It wasn’t normal in a real sense as much as an artificial one. It was though he had taken it straight off of a magazine. The bed looked as though it was never meant for sleeping in. The nightstand and the desk didn’t have any of the random detritus that any real human’s would. All of the frames lining the walls were perfectly level and evenly spaced. There wasn’t even any dust lining the surfaces.
Sherlock nodded approvingly at the doctor, his lips twisting into a sharp grin that put a shiver down John's spine.
“John. Sit down.” It was more of a suggestion than a command. But it was the kind of suggestion one gave to someone about to step on a bomb. John complied.  “You not seriously planning on just wandering the streets looking for some faceless, nameless woman, are you?” Sherlock looked amused, in a exasperated sort of way.
“So… no headshots. Nothing below the belt. Right?” John began, taking a position opposite from his flatmate.
Sherlock held up his hand as his show came back on. John rolled his eyes with amused exasperation and tried to tune out the sounds of trash television. Sherlock watched with all of the intensity of a biologist watching a nature documentary.
“Not happening, Sherlock.” John said over the edge of his laptop. By his rumpled forehead, he was probably filtering out all of the important and interesting bits out of the last few days so he could transcribe the remaining watered down dregs onto his blog. Sherlock wondered how he might adapt the events of last night for the eyes of the general public. Perhaps the human version of himself which lives in John’s fictionalized world had contracted a cold and needed the help of a doctor. Or maybe he’d… forgotten to eat while caught up in the chase again and John ordered take-out. Both options were adequately boring and inaccurate.
I better warn you that I'm kind of flying by the seat of my pants at this point in the story. I'm not sure what I'm doing with this case anymore, I'm just trying to get past it.
“Why not? It’s a missing persons case. Basically a game of large-scale hide and seek while carrying a sobbing client on my back.” Sherlock spat, looking like he just found a pubic hair in his blood bag. “It’s not as if we actually needed the money anyway.”
“John.” Sherlock said to himself as he spurred his Helios into a gallop, testing the word on his tongue. “Well that’s not terribly magical at all.”
Sherlock glanced at John with a look of surprise and faint distaste. “Alright.” He sighed, pushing himself from his chair.
“No. And it’s name is Victor, by the way.” He barked in a burst of annoyance. “He was murdered. Mugged and gutted by a common thief. I found his body in a cold alleyway. It wasn’t the way he was supposed to go.”
John responded only by sitting in the chair Sherlock had pulled out for him and staring in shock at the almost picturesque set-up of two fried eggs and three slices of crisp bacon. “Now all I need is two slices of toast and an obnoxious voice-over and I could sell this as an advert.”
"Yes- well, no one actually bites anymore and I'm not going to be using it, but essentially... yes."
“It’s my bed. Because I’m the only one in this room who needs to make use of it.” John sighed, trying to will himself back to sleep.
'hmm?' Sherlock said, never lifting his eyes from the telly. He had an odd fascination with Jerry Springer that John didn't really want to understand.
“What? I needed to sound like someone who would go on a juice cleanse.” Sherlock growled, turning half of attention back to his phone. “Small towns. Everyone’s so nosy.”
“So glad you decided to drop by.” Sherlock greeted the detective inspector with perfectly timed smile as the man he should be arresting writhed in a small pool of blood on the floor.
“Yeah.” John growled, his throat too rough and dry for anything else. He resisted the urge to just shove his mouth under the tap and poured himself a glass of water. A rather troubling thought occurred to him. By his nigh-impeccable sense of time, it should be late evening and Sherlock was making breakfast. “It’s not morning, is it?”
“No, of course not. You just pissed yourself, forgot how to walk and had a tantrum. Nothing childish about that.” Lestrade said, clearly just outside the door. “John open the door.”
"Well, I don't know your dietary preferences! I just thought you really liked beans and toast!" Sherlock snapped angrily, causing the client to peer in at them. "Sorry, brief... Culinary discussion."
“Not up for discussion.” The words sounded forced, as though physically pushed through his throat. “Lestrade. Give me a hand.”
“Did you feel anything?” Sherlock asked as he turned the appendage over in his hands. It was warm, but pleasantly so. The skin underneath the strange barrier was completely unmarred, the firm structure of muscle and bone underneath it was still perfect in every way.
The way his day had gone, he could probably take a thousand lashings with a smile on his face. He’d skipped an entire day of Mycroft’s dreary business talk. And he’s got dozens of specimens to work with along with a place to find more. And he’d found John, whatever he might be. Nothing could bring him down.
“That. Is. Fascinating. Isn’t it, John?” Sherlock said entirely truthfully. He only mentioned the cat rumor thirty minutes ago to a man on the other side of town.
“Consumption is something of a chronic condition for a lot of unmated vampires. I don’t understand it either, but that doesn’t change anything.”
He’d run out on his brother’s court (with a peasant boy in a wig standing in for him, to delay Mycroft’s wrath) to collect poisonous plants (Not many are planted in the gardens, surprisingly enough) from the forest beyond the borders of their land (which Mycroft and their father had specifically forbade him from ever setting foot in).
"Alright. People make mistakes occasionally, but that doesn't mean everyone's just one step away from being a Jerry Springer contestant. Just means we're human."
John carefully shifted through the collection. He wasn’t exactly an art aficionado, but he didn’t have to be appreciate the refinement of the linework and the soft richness of the colors. Anyways, it didn’t seem that Sherlock brought him here for his eye as a painting critic.
Sherlock ran through a few demonstrations at John’s request, elaborating on various parts of the process until the target tree was studded with arrows and even more were lost to the bushes. By the time he handed the crossbow over, John knew exactly what he was doing.
The detective was sitting at the kitchen table after one of these strange rendezvous, looking gray and foggy like dawn breaking in a forest carpeted with autumn leaves. He had a glass of orange juice firmly clasped between both of his hands, as if he were afraid it’d escape. “Afternoon.”  He mumbled amiably.
"Well, how was I supposed to know he was a predatory pedophile? I thought that was your job." John grunted back as he turned a corner.
“Sherlock, may I speak to you for a moment in the kitchen?” John cut in, just before he could brush the case off and leave the client for John to dispose of.
Sherlock grinned, making himself comfortable by straddling John's knees as John giggled at the absurdity of the situation. "Mad and just a little bit dangerous. Try the shoulder. Not too deep."
Sherlock grabbed him by the shoulders and grinned wildly at him. “They’re doing it on purpose, John.”
Lestrade sighed at the man's theatrics. Sherlock always got to his point eventually, but Lestrade didn't have the patience to wait for it today. "Could we just... skip to the end?"
Sherlock drew the blankets tighter around himself and shut his eyes. John would’ve liked to believe he was asleep, but knew it was only to gain some relief from the light streaming in from the hall.
"Job interview, actually. At the nearby clinic." He straightened his best shirt and checked his hair in the mirror. Both were about the same as they ever were which suited him just as well as it ever had.
“No, thank you. I’m fine.” John replied. Sherlock pulled out two cups anyway, spitting generously into one of them with practiced silence. As the kettle boiled, John’s typing slowed from two words a minute to a word every two minutes. Eventually, he saved whatever progress he made and shut his laptop a little harder than usual. Sherlock shut off the kettle just as it began to simmer, dunking a tea bag in the barely hot water and wringing it gently to speed up the steeping process.
I've found that the comments section has been pretty quiet lately. I know people are reading, because the views counter and the kudos are always ticking upward. But still, without all of your lovely voices, my audience feels like just a collection of numbers and I'm not very good with numbers.
“What on earth are you doing?” John asked blearily as consciousness slowly dawned on him alongside the realization that Sherlock’s knee was jabbing him in the back and there were gunshots… somewhere. He flopped over to get a better view of what was happening.
John grinned, a row of neat white teeth peeking out like gravestones in the snow. “Absolutely adorable.”
John, who felt more or less constantly out of his depth as of late, understood completely. “And why would I want to do that?”
“Hah.” John grinned triumphantly as he pinned Sherlock to the rug with some effort as the man was quite wriggly. Sherlock scowled and stilled, knowing he’d been beaten. He tossed his head, not in any effort to free himself but to get the lock of hair out of his face as his hands were currently pinned above him. He huffed like a petulant child.
The detective nodded solemnly. “The police force here is utterly inept. They write only the vaguest of police reports. It’s quite extraordinary, actually. I couldn’t find a single detail of actual importance.”
He wasn’t a limping cripple anymore, but he wasn’t exactly an athlete either. After a few minutes, the young woman seemed hopelessly out of reach.
Before he could think up any theories, the man kicked his leg, jolting him to attention. “Who the hell are you?”
“You’re a bit anemic.” Sherlock pulled out a small black notepad and began to scribble something into it.
So, he pulled off his gloves, careful not to touch the outsides of them with his bare hands, and found a sunny patch of grass to lounge on.
Sherlock lept out of his seat like a salmon in dolce and gabbana and resumed pacing in circles around the room. “For god’s sake, Mycroft. You act like I haven’t grown my fangs in yet. I AM A DETECTIVE. I can smell a murderer a mile off. Last week I took down a human trafficking ring while I was catching a thief. I don’t need you watching over my shoulder like a bloody nanny.”
“Now, will you show me how to work that crossbow?” John asked, with obvious excitement. Sherlock sighed and huddled further under his cloak. Although he would’ve liked to say yes, the cold had made his fingers stiff, which would make operating a crossbow a lot more difficult.
"Of course. I didn't think you were the type to run at the first sight of danger." Sherlock sighed, more relieved than concerned. He lifted John's injured arm. John tried to pull it out of his grasp but it was useless. He couldn't tell if it was Sherlock's strength or his own exhaustion that made the act seem effortless. There was a tearing noise as the sleeve of his ruined jumper was stripped away. John felt a set of fingertips, or it might have been a nose, brush against the open flesh of his wound. "I can fix this if you let me."
John chuckled. “I assure you, it’s not magic. If it were, it’d be a lot quicker and a whole lot more dramatic.”
“Fine, fine. Just let me get dressed.” John huffed, flopping out of bed with all of the enthusiasm of an ornery teenager. “Bloody hell.”
"I was thinking. If vampires exist, then are there werewolves roaming about London? Howling at the full moon from their fire escapes. Ordering their steaks extra rare..."
John gaze landed on a photograph on the victim's bedside table. It was of her and what must have been her parents. She was smiling. "She looked so ordinary," he mumbled to himself, feeling distantly sorry for the parents.
“So what good’s a hot bath going to do him? He’s starving, so he needs food right? Well, I’ve got a pocket knife. Open his mouth” John began rolling up his sleeve, eager to do something other than just stand around and watch his flatmate suffer.
“That doesn’t mean what you think it means.” Sherlock mumbled, turning bright red anyways. “And don’t take it personally, she sends a letter like that to literally everyone I spend more than ten seconds talking to. Molly’s had a poem.”
“Ok, that’s quite enough.” John grumbled, pulling his hand back into his own possession. While he didn’t mind indulging his friend’s curiosities, no one enjoyed being studied like a rare butterfly. “Could you show me how the crossbow works now?”
“Do you fancy a walk?” Sherlock asked after a long silence, snapping his laptop shut. John was about to question the sudden change in topic when Sherlock gave him a pointed glance. “I really feel like a walk.”
“John, does this look like any kind of blood spatter you’ve ever seen?” Sherlock said from a few yards away, his voice carrying easily through the open air, despite the chatter of police all around them.
“Oh no no, don’t look at that.” Sherlock scrambled to snatch back the sheet, but John was too fast. “I-I was sure that was somewhere else.”
He rustled through his bag for a clean set of underwear and a shirt that didn’t smell too bad and headed to the bathroom to change, rigidly ignoring Sherlock’s impatient fidgeting as he did so.
I had to put myself into the mind of a middle-aged man for this chapter and I damn well hope you appreciate it. Because that is not a very comfortable place for me. Also, good nude lipstick is like the fourth best thing to happen to this world, right under exotic lipsticks, bees and women.
"John," Sherlock rumbled, purring from where he perched on John's stomach like a giant cat. A set of marble-cold fingertips brushed his cheek. It felt fundamentally wrong, like touching a sculpture in a museum. "You disappeared during the chase. Why?"
Luckily, a different voice spoke for him. “You are my brother, Sherlock. Whether either of us like it or not, it is my duty to care.” A carefully measured voice intoned lazily from the couch. The man who owned sat on the couch as if they had both been sculpted out of the same block of marble. His feet were spread at just the right angle to invoke a sense of regality and both of his hands rested masterfully on the handle of his umbrella. It was his kidnapper.
The lady somehow managed to scoff with her entire body. “Don’t you think I have? The local police won’t listen to me anymore.”
This took a little longer than I expected. Mostly because all my motivation has been focused on painting and napping.
"Some of these are self portraits." Sherlock said, waving a sheet of various, exaggerated expressions. "But they're all him. His work. His loves. His fears. His sense of humour. If I could put them all up on display, I would. But they're too fragile. They weren't exactly made to withstand the centuries, so all anyone sees of him anymore is that old relic on the mantelpiece.”
Sherlock kissed with his entire body, every part of him flexing against him, pulling him closer, deeper. His thighs contracted around his waist in waves, hands seamlessly alternating between caressing him and guiding his movements. His skin devoured his touch and his mouth savored his taste. His entire body resonated with pleasure and desperation and ache, age-old ache. John was being consumed and it was all he could do to just hold on and not lose himself entirely.
Sherlock huffed out a humourless laugh as he leaned over the file, snapping a picture of the photo attached to a sheet of background information. “The kidnapper hasn’t a clue. If he did, he’d have sold them off and we’d never hear a word about it. Vampire children are extremely rare and therefore unspeakably valuable.” Sherlock began pacing across the floor, thinking frantically. “There must be something you’ve missed. Something that will lead us to them. But that could be anything.”
"It's causing you pain. It doesn't look very clean. Might even get infected." A cold breath fluttered through his arm hair. That was definitely a nose. "Please, let me help."
They ducked swiftly into a jewelry shop. The kind of shop that sells diamond rings at twice the price of a house and half the weight. The kind of shop that celebrities find extravagant.
Sherlock hummed darkly, leaning slightly closer. "No. You are." He tilted the box slightly in John's direction, prompting him to take it. This was it, the final stretch. He could practically taste the human's heart rate speed up."Consider it reaffirmation of your consent."
John waggled his head in agreement, groaning as another flood of mild euphoria washed through his system. “Is it always like this?”
“But, of course you live here, so it’s not like you have a choice. Just say the word, I’ll back off.” He swooped back out of his seat, hardly breathing as he ranted on. “Do you… need anything from tesco? I could pick up the shopping. I noticed you’re low on eggs. Well, I think you are, I’m not entirely sure what a normal amount of eggs is but-”
“Oh.” John tried to think of an occasion in which a woman’s orgasm might not be welcome. He couldn’t come up with any off the top of his head. “And that’s bad?”
Sherlock grinned, his eyes narrowing into needle sharp points. It occurred to John that he said something right, but he wasn't sure what it was.
*please excuse my unconventional spelling of the word 'god' I couldn't find another way to elongate the word without making it look like 'good'
"Yes... Well." Sherlock slumped, losing steam rapidly. “Money really isn’t my primary form of currency anyways.”
"We did a civil service. Took a bad man off the streets." John reasoned, whether for his benefit or Sherlock's he couldn't be entirely sure
“You’re not going to die. You’ll be fine.” Lestrade assured. “I’m sorry. I was supposed to be looking after you.”
He watched with a little more intent as his flatmate coated his face and neck in a thick, beige paste, occasionally stopping to check his handiwork or pull a chunk of hair out of the way. The stuff dried on smooth and plastic, giving the skin an eerie mannequin-like quality*.
John gave him an incredulous glance and burst into giggles the second she was out of earshot. “Darling?”
In a moment, Sherlock managed to wriggle his legs out from under John’s weight and flip them both over.
“You two disappear into his room for hours…. You come out looking like- uh. That. It’s kind of difficult not to.” John muttered awkwardly, pushing the carton of expired orange chicken to the side.
“John. Watson.” A shadowy figure at the other end called out in precise, measured syllables, like a nurse calling you up for your examination. Or a demon in the waiting room of hell, calling you up for judgement.
This one took a little longer than expected. But It's... it's pretty good. I think. It's kind of late, so I don't have the consciousness to re-read it to see if it makes sense.
“True, but she sent me this text roughly four months ago which states clearly that I am ‘welcome any time, dearie’.” Mycroft responded, coolly flashing his phone which had been scrolled down to that particular text before he had even approached the door.
"What work?" As John rearranged the offending appendages into a sort of heap, he tried to think of what kind of career would require one to keep a dozen left hands. The only conclusion he could come up with was 'mad scientist'.
“Oh, you really are new to this. In the short term, the endorphins in vampire saliva is known to cause a high which, I’ve heard, feels like a prolonged orgasm.” The mousy girl in the lab coat dropped a petri dish. She squeaked when it broke against the ground. Sherlock let out a low groan and shot a slow glare her way.
“You are right. I will not get it on my hands.” The vampire growled above the tension in the room. His japanese accent bleeding through, adding extra syllables to the words. “I’ll drain his filthy blood onto the streets.”
“No. But if you were to kill me, I’d prefer it to be now. I’m warm, well-fed, well-rested… There are worse ways to go.” Sherlock yawned, plucking the knife out of John’s hand and raising it to his lips. “It’s not as if you’d do it anyhow.”
“They’re vampires. What does that mean? Where they… targeted or something?” John asked as Lestrade handed over a file.
Sherlock made a point of not answering him. "Are you hungry? I understand that noon is widely considered lunchtime among you mortals." He paused a few feet away from the front door to pull his scarf a little tighter and adjust his gloves. After rearranging a few curls of hair to cover his ears, he pulled open the door. "I know this little Italian place. Angelo's. The owner's been eager to repay a favor to me for years now."
Everyone was rushing down from the stands and onto the field, Hooch was landing not far, Sherlock sat up to see McGonagall running to them, concern on her face. Mary wasn't far behind, looking somewhere between murderous and teary-eyed. Sherlock looked down at John in time to see his friend faint--he pawed John for injury and was relieved to see nothing besides a few burns. He struggled to his feet quickly, pressing the snitch into Hooch's gloved hand and ignoring the shocked look on her face before slipping through the crowd to get away and get some air. He vaguely heard McGonagall call his last name but continued on until he was outside the field, finally able to breath.
Pulling the baggie of flu powder he's kept on him out of his jeans pocket, Sherlock made his way into the front room, having to stop as Mrs Watson expressed her shock at the sight of him. He accepted her hug wincingly, but hugged her back all the same.
Dumbledore shrugged. "I think we should be cautious. There's always something bigger out there, isn't there?"
"This needs to stop. I don't care whatever is going on in your personal life, or whatever you help out with, here or elsewhere." Ah so Dumbledore had informed at least some of the staff, Sherlock thought. "You are not above the rules, and you are smarter than this." The black eyes pierced daggers into Sherlock's and Sherlock sighed. "If Gryffindor mattered to you I'd take off 40 points. Regardless I don't want to catch you again."
Sally Donovan ran into Transfiguration 5 minutes before it was due to start, panting slightly. She looked over to Sherlock, who'd reclaimed his seat next to John, a faint smile on her lips. "After class," she said, as she passed them.
Snow had finally come to Hogwarts the week before. Christmas would soon be here. As the castle began to spout out decorations overnight, it buzzed with students' excitement for the coming holiday. Even the fifth and sixth years, who would have tests soon approaching after the break and therefore work to study during their time off, couldn't escape the excitement.
Lestrade looked at him quietly and then sat on the edge of the bed tentatively. 'Are you alright? Did something happen these past few months?'
Sherlock laughed, genuinely, honestly, at the situation. 'Well, definitely not what i expected to come home to.' he blinked. Home.
Sherlock took a step forward and laid his hand on William's shoulder. "Are you safe while your father knows the photos exist?" He asked, his voice firm, but gentle. John had only heard him sound even close to this while rescuing Sarah in the bank case they'd handled. It made something in his stomach feel cold and hard when he realized the validity of Sherlock's concern. William nodded slowly.
Sherlock shared a bemused look with John and then they both followed Dumbledore up the stairs to his office. John's jaw dropped at the enormous amount of magical objects around him when he stepped inside, and Dumbledore led them to his desk, offering them the two chairs before it and then sitting himself.
"I'm having an assistant of mine drop you off at Baker Street," Mycroft said softly. Sherlock closed the final few buttons of his shirt, but his brother's eyes lingered where the start black bruised flesh had stood out against the usual pale white.
"Most people tend to keep silent about it. It was a hard time, filled with mistrust and sadness." He looked down. "My mother died during it. One of Moriarty's family was among the people that killed her."
"If it means helping that young man, I don't mind breaking the law at all," John said firmly. His mind went back to Sherlock's face when he had asked if Will Fischer was safe from his father and the cold hard feeling that had settled in John's stomach. Something in his face made Sherlock nod, looking more at ease.
Winter break had ended. Snow still covered the grounds, but the fifth years had little time to admire its beauty. OWLs would soon be approaching and many, like John, were in a flurry of studying. Sherlock felt he had better things to worry about than his grades. No matter how much John pressed him. He'd come to Dumbledore's appointment alone, leaving John to finish a paper for potions.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a flash of green, then red light heading toward them and his breath caught in his throat. John was leaping out of the way, shouting in shock, and Sherlock stood rooted to the ground, the London street disappearing into trees of the forest he rushed through after his escape over the summer. His breath caught in a panic as Lestrade leapt on top of him, forcing him to the ground, the red jet clipping Lestrade's left arm. Pinned by the older man, Sherlock felt a soft shout tear from his lips and he thrashed away from Lestrade, as the man stood, left arm hanging limp at his side.
Sherlock entered the kitchen and surveyed the remains of the cake. "Maybe with enough icing you could salvage it?"
"She's not worried, I'll drop you both off in the afternoon." He looked at Sherlock. "You both are taking the bedroom tonight, no couch for you this time."
"I told you, it would be easier to do this if I wasn't in school. As it is, nothing is out of place."
John looked at the photo Sherlock was holding and saw Will and a young man who could only be Godfrey on a balcony of a building, behind them the sun setting over what must be their campus. Will was smiling, bright and happy, and Godfrey had a long, lanky brown arm thrown over Will's shoulder.
"Save that strength for getting out of here," Mycroft whispered roughly as they passed through the door. "When you're safe and back in Baker Street you can hate me all you want but for now let's make sure that's possible."
"Christ, I thought we would never get to this point," John said softly, and copied the motion before Sherlock could reply, the second kiss longer than the first. They pulled apart gently, both slightly flushed, but smiling more than they had dared to in the past hour.
"So, I'm sorry I couldn't say more about why I was calling you here in the owl; it's not a long story, but it's not one I would like to say in any way other than in person."
John continued, "If they're busy, there's less chance there would be trouble, because Milverton couldn't ask anyone else to show up, they'll all be dealing with Police presence. And then milverton would be stupid to do anything to us, because again, police presence heavy in the building."
John shook his head. "Not sure what to think." He looked up at Sherlock, who was googling Adler's name. "You?"
John watched as Fischer's face turned quickly to disgust. "Well, that definitely ends that problem, then. Will'll just have to find himself another nice young lady. Maybe while doing your studies in America, eh Will?"
"I would take it up anyways," Sherlock said firmly. "I don't like people who prey on other people's private lives."
Sherlock snorted softly. "You're smarter than you look, you know that?" John laughed softly at Lestrade's face.
"My father has only seen one of them, and told there were more," WIlliam said in a shaky voice. "If you do see them, please don't let my father see them as well."
Anderson laughed. "I saw you grab that snitch, absolutely brilliant. The Slytherins were calling for a rematch, but Hooch hadn't called the game yet."
Mycroft inhaled deeply and closed his eyes. "Yes." Sherlock sighed and looked away. "You need him. And he needs you. If I'm right, and you know the odds of that, it will work out." He gave Sherlock a meaningful look that Sherlock took as his cue to leave.
"Jesus...John told us you were." He blinked in shock, looking Sherlock up and down and Sherlock smiled, sheepishly.
John looked at her. "About Sherlock, has he ever had any... girlfriends, boyfriends... romantic partners?"
"It did, in the moment." Sherlock spoke bitterly. "Can't believe he knew. I mean I can but..." He shook his head. "Dumbledore let me do it, having one request- that I find out some information for him while I was in a couple locations."
"I think you want to." He looked up and she grinned at him. "Anyways, you were a brilliant seeker and I don't know anyone who could replace you."
"Lestrade thinks the Moran man might be connected to something bigger." Sherlock watched Dumbledore carefully. "Something Milverton might have had ties to."
Lestrade opened the door and Sherlock stood as Rederick Bell and Mrs Hudson walked into Lestrade's home.
Love that line "what does that say about his heart?" One of the small, unspoken truthful moments of the entire show. I hang onto the unspoken answer to that question whenever I write sherlock holmes.
"I don't hear Lestrade or anyone else," Sherlock said. "We need to figure out where they went to avoid--"
John followed Sherlock into the Fischer's hotel room, and they both stood before Mr Fischer, Will Fischer sitting in the corner, nervously.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Please." He turned to John. "Well, it seems we're stuck at the moment. What do you suggest, John?"
"Does John know?" Sherlock nodded. "And you didn't tell anyone by choice you said, oh god, was he okay with it? He has alot of internalized..."
John took off his coat, hanging it on a hook in the hall before following Sherlock into the front room and watching his friend carefully prop up the photo on the mantle.
John felt something was loaded in that statement, but the fact that Sherlock had been so silent since they left the hotel meant something was up, and something he wanted to close off from John.
John's broom was on fire. Worse yet, on fire and seemingly out of his control. Sherlock's heart pounded madly as he watched Madam Hooch try to aim water at the broom, but it sped off, John barely holding on as it twisted through the air. In a heartbeat, Sherlock had laid flat on his stomach, urging his broom forward, as everyone around him froze, watching in horror.
“You know why not.” He barked, pulled a face. Lestrade took a moment to think before pulling the same face.
“Is that skull real?” He attempted to make it sound casual. Just a passing curiosity. But he knew at this point he had a better chance at making his bacon regenerate into a living pig and fly out the window.
Until now, John had assumed that Sherlock was a lousy kisser, as all of their previous fluid exchanges were rather…  Amateurish. Wet and careless. But now he understood that could not even be considered kissing.
"Well, we're taking a brief detour." Sherlock explained unhelpfully, turning down a random street. John followed a few feet behind, a habit he was becoming increasingly familiar with. They weaved through alleyways and shadowed streets to a more fashionable side of town. The kind of place that even tourists would find a bit too pricey. Sherlock, with his understated elegance and subtle dramatics, fit in like a drop in a rainstorm. John tried his best to hide in his shadow.
“Are you delivering my mail now? How lovely.” John chuckled as he accepted it. The envelope was thick, the grain of the paper a lot richer than the standard grade. It was sealed with deep green wax inscribed with a stylized orchid flower. John expected the contents would be written in 18
“Yes. I asked for one bed because we’ll only need one bed.” Sherlock said with false sugar in his voice, as though explaining the matter to a child.
After a few minutes, he seemed to recover his confidence and leaned back in his chair, searching through his phone with all the leisurely elegance of a marble sculpture. "Don't gorge yourself, you'll want your wits about you. The day isn’t over yet."
“Playing hooky. That’s what people these days do, right?” He asked softly, almost dreamily. “We spent too long away from home. It’s good to just… be.”
“No, we won’t. I don’t expect us to be here longer than a week and if by any chance we are, I’ll be perfectly happy passing out on the floor.” Sherlock argued from underneath the bed, pulling an electronic air-freshener from the wall underneath it.
“The little idiot keeps finding ways to slip out. Worries me half to death, especially with those strange rituals and things going on.” John’s attention perked slightly at the mention of the subject of their current investigation. Sherlock continued to maintain an appearance of making idle conversation. “Every weekend, I have to lock poor spot away in his cage, it’s the only way to keep him from getting out.”
“Don’t let her slip past you.” Without warning he disappeared down a narrow alley, leaving John startled and confused. He spun to find the murderer looking a bit like a deer caught in headlights. She darted off in the opposite direction and John, acting primarily on instinct, ran after her.
Sherlock grimaced at the wording of the question, as if the word 'date' physically injured him. "Dating is for mortals. I would never bother with anything so... frivolous."
“Sherlock. Stop.” The world’s greatest detective froze with one arm in his coat and the other reaching for his scarf. John sprinkled a little salt over the eggs and continued to chow down. Taking small, careful bites to keep himself from wolfing it down too quickly. “Sit down.”
“So, that isn’t just… how your skin is?” Sherlock had always been unbearably curious about that particular feature of John’s appearance.
"Is he?" He mumbled in response, his mind already pre-occupied with the note laying on top of a check written out for enough money to buy a small palace.
Sherlock made a facial movement which somehow meant ‘I know, I can see her too’, ‘act as natural as you can manage’, and ‘follow my lead’ all at the same time. “Frankly, I think it’s a shame that we as a society have a compulsion to bury this side of ourselves. The urge to kill comes as natural as the urge to breed and survive. It’s primal. Why should we live in shame of our natural urges? If it were up to me, The Muse would be on the front page of tomorrow’s news.” John tried not to look too sick as he nodded along with Sherlock’s conversation. He knew it was a ruse, but he wore it so easily. That fascination in his eyes and the admiration in his voice couldn’t all be fake, could it? And if it was that easy to fake such despicable behaviour, how could John ever know which parts of this strange creature were real? “She should be commended, praised. Not tossed in some cell to rot. It’s a shame. An utter waste of talent.”
John whistled, his eyes dancing over the blade with awe. "Is that-You're using that... instead of fangs?"
After a long moment of quiet contemplation of the bizarre events of the past few days and the nature of their lives, Sherlock swung himself to a standing position in one dizzying motion.
Also, I'd like to announce that I have a sort of prelude story, 'The Victor Chronicles', is newly posted with that new fic smell and everything. I really enjoyed writing it so I know you'll probably enjoy reading it. If you wouldn't mind, I'd really appreciate it if you'd take a moment to give it some love.
“John!” He knew he wouldn’t have to shout very loud, thankfully. He could smell the human standing just outside the door. Along with Lestrade and another pot of rapidly cooling tea.
“So, we’re just doomed.” John kicked at the bars, causing them to clatter with the most annoying of sounds. “That’s just. Perfect!”
Sherlock appeared the second his brother passed the threshold, suddenly hovering above John’s shoulder. “What was he on about?”
His skin was pale but hardly lifeless. Except, perhaps on his driver’s license. He smelled strongly of death. But, as they were in a morgue, that wasn't much of a surprise. They sat at either side of an empty slab, as all of the tables were taken. A small, nervous-looking morgue attendant flitted around them, attending the deceased patients.
“What about Molly?” Lestrade suggested wearily from the fainting sofa across from the bed, already knowing how Sherlock would reply. Sherlock shook his head slowly, as thought it might fall off. “Why not?”
He woke up to the feeling of something looming over him in the pitch black darkness. In his semi-conscious and thoroughly spent state, this seemed only a little odd.
"Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot you're not a morning person." John was sure there wasn't a good way to take that, but Mrs. Hudson found it anyways. She turned her attention back to the other human in the room, whispering as she laid more food out in front of me than a grown man would usually eat in an entire day. "That one's got a tongue as sharp as his fangs, but don't let it get to you. "
“Take whatever punches you can manage. I won’t hurt you, you can’t hurt me.” Sherlock rolled his shoulders and smirked. John huffed a laugh, thinking how silly the otherwise poised vampire seemed with his tiny pink nipples out in the middle of the day.*
As he was taking what was perhaps the most satisfying piss in all of human history, his nose caught the bacon frying. It occurred to John that he’d forgotten exactly how much time had passed since he last ate. In fact, he just might’ve forgotten about the existence of food entirely. But none of that mattered, because all he knew now was that the bacon currently cooking smelled so good, he might’ve blacked out for a second just thinking about it. His mouth watered with perhaps the last ounce of moisture left in his body and he almost forgot to put his penis away in his haste to get to the kitchen.
Before the words had even left his mouth, Sherlock was up, whirling about like a hawk set loose in the house. “Allow me.”
“You never told me how I solved the case.” John said back at the hotel room. He couldn’t say he wasn’t enjoying being away from London for a bit. The fresh country air that Sherlock continuously claimed to be choking on. The hotel room, which despite all of Sherlock’s moaning, continued to be lovely. The polite, smiling locals. It was all as refreshing as a deep tissue massage to the soul.
John realized that he finally understood why nude lipstick existed. Now, if only he could find out why humans used it. “What makes you think otherwise?”
"I'm here to speak to Mr. Herald." Sherlock said with a cold precision, not giving him a spare glance.
“What are you doing with that?” Sherlock asked, leaning closer to watch John scrape at one end of the branch with a sharpened rock.
There was a long moment. Then Sherlock dropped the fork, letting it clatter against the plate as if he was shocked to find himself holding it.
The first of which being that Sherlock drank a surprising amount of non-blood fluids. And not just surprising for a vampire. John was sure people living in the desert with raging colds didn't drink half so much fluid as he did. There were times when he'd walk into the kitchen to find Sherlock chugging an entire gallon of milk.
Sherlock fumbled behind his back, searching for something as John laid back against the armrest and giggled to himself. "What's tha?"
“Are you sure? Because you look a little pale,” Sherlock said slowly. Deliberately. As if hinting something to someone very thick.
Unfortunately, Sherlock didn’t seem to think the same. He’d had the same expression of mild disinterest since he walked in. He hadn’t even bothered to tell him to get to the point, which was a clear sign that he either already knew where the client’s step-daughter was or he just couldn’t care if he tried. Sherlock opened his mouth, in preparation to pronounce this case ‘boring’
John watched in morbid fascination as Sherlock drank the small vial of his blood like a frat guy drinks a shot. The vampire said it was just to get a taste of what he was buying, but he tipped the contents down his throat so quickly that John wondered if he tasted it at all.
Sherlock laughed. But it didn’t sound like any laughter he'd heard from him before. It sounded more like a very small jet engine than anything human and there wasn’t much of a facial expression to go along with it. But somehow he could feel the amusement. It occurred to John that this must be what Sherlock’s laughter sounds like when he didn’t have the energy to act human. “You can try.”
He got the distinct feeling that Sherlock was toying with him. Humoring with every blow he allowed to John to land and every hold he let John break. He fought like a mockingbird, swooping on unsuspecting heads just for the hell of it then darting out of reach. John knew he could do quite a bit of damage if only he could get him in his reach for more than a few seconds. Sherlock’s eyes gleamed with amusement every time John made a move, countering with ease. Finally, frustrated and panting, John found an actual opening. He kicked at Sherlock’s leg while he came close enough and sent him to the ground, leaving him dazed for just long enough to make him move.
“No. Thank you.” John answered, drinking his third glass of water. “May I ask why you’re making bacon and eggs at 1:15am?”
Sherlock flagged down a cab. The ride was silent as John attempted to process the events of the day and edit it down to a potential blog entry and Sherlock fell deeper into the same stormy mood he was in that morning. John was sure a case would've brought him out of it. They usually did.
“Well, teenagers have been teenagers for as long as there have been teenagers, Mr. Holmes.” Officer Longfellow chuckled, peering up at the doctor and the detective pointedly. It was as if he thought he was imparting some Priceless Wisdom upon them that would suddenly make the fog clear from their young, naïve minds so they could see the world from his own lofty perspective.
John sighed and took a long sip of his tea to buy himself a little time to sort through his patchy memory. "You do understand that it's... not very good to sneak into someone's room and do things to them while they're asleep, right?"
Sherlock opened his mouth, as if to respond, but he only sighed. “Keeping skulls is an ancient vampiric tradition.The whole of it is far more complicated than a single night’s explanation. But I-”
He hadn’t meant to fall asleep. Not really. He’d intended to just rest his eyes and bask in the warm sunlight. Yet, when he opened his eyes, the sun was hanging low in the sky and the shadows stretched long. Also, there was a man standing over him. A man encased in a golden light, as if every dawn that ever was or will be clung to his skin like so many curious kittens.
“Of course it’s fake.” Sherlock hissed back, before turning his attention back to the vampire. “Let him live the rest of his miserable life in prison. Let him be known as the worthless loser who stole innocent  children in a pathetic attempt to win back his girlfriend. But do not destroy your own life by killing him.”
A few hours later, the roar of stagnant panic building up behind John’s ears simmered down to a quiet rumble. The danger had finally passed. Or the worst of it anyway. Sherlock was currently propped up in bed sandwiched between about five thick duvets and an electric blanket. He was more awake and aware than he had been since John found him. The muscle twitches and sudden bursts of energy had all faded, leaving Sherlock exhausted but essentially himself again.
“Fine! I’m starving. I can’t stand the thought of drinking another drop of damned frozen goat’s blood and now my body’s devouring itself from the inside like a salmon. My muscles have been sapped of too much blood to allow me to walk straight, the pain won’t allow me to think straight and every piece of evidence points to my very slow and agonizing demise. So if you would do me the courtesy of putting me out of my misery or, at the very least, leaving the room before I start vomiting up my internal organs, you would have my thanks.” The vampire shouted in a burst of fitful energy, raising himself up on one arm just to collapse back into the sofa, gasping from the effort exerted. He curled into himself, imitating a massive, blue salad shrimp.
That’s when Sherlock realized that he hadn’t noticed his absence at all. He’d spent the entire day miles away from home and no one even realized it. He could allow that his stand-in would’ve kept them from noticing while Mycroft held court maybe, but the entire day? Surely one of his tutors, his servants, Mrs. Hudson,
Sherlock didn’t answer. Just sucked at his teeth and traced the Chinese calligraphy on the far wall with his eyes.
Also, the Symbiosis playlist I made is still in play. It's got a whopping 2 followers. If you'd like to make any song recs or ask me why they hell I put 'I will follow him' from sister act in there, please comment or message me. Copy and paste below.
John wasn’t sure exactly what to make of that. So he got up and rummaged about the fridge, despite the fact that he knew there was nothing in it.
John tried to make some sort of sense of his current situation. Sherlock told him he was going to a murder scene, but he never explained why. Or why John needed to be there... Or why everyone investigating the crime were looking at him like he was responsible for the murder.
“It’s symbiotic really,” The vampire explained in a voice that wasn't at all like Bela Lugosi’s. “This arrangement will benefit both of us. I will suck the life out of you, yes. But you will not go without proper... compensation.”
“If you were that hungry I-” He cut off the morgue attendant by pushing the empty vial into Molly’s hands. Then reached into his jacket pocket. Despite his better judgement, John found himself watching his every move closely.
“I would like to express my gratitude to you, John.” Mycroft started, sounding like an infuriatingly polite rejection letter. “For what you’ve done for Sherlock.”
And it was moments like these, when he was caught unarmed between a criminal with a gun and an ancient supernatural being from the deepest depths of legend in an abandoned house where two kids were being held captive, that the feeling became most prominent.
John only saw glimpses of his vampire flatmate for the next four days. Whenever he'd walk into a room, he'd find Sherlock just leaving it. Whenever he left, he'd hear Sherlock's bedroom door open on his way out. Once, he'd gotten so frustrated with the ridiculous tactics that he broke into Sherlock's bedroom only to find that he had vanished entirely.
John lifted a bite of lasagna to his mouth, to give it something to do while he tried to think of something that wouldn’t make him look like a total idiot. “Uhm.. Biting?”
"Two lives saved by lunchtime." John sighed, admiring the light filtering through the leaves of the trees hanging over them. "Not a bad way to start a day."
“Oh calm down, it’s not like you’re seeing anything new. We’re both equally equipped.” John grumbled as he rooted around the various nooks and crannies where he stored his belongings.
With some measure of awkwardness and careful maneuvering, Sherlock was deposited into the steaming bath water and John was released from his time out.
“Yeah. Yeah, and you better get out of my bed while you’re at it. I can’t sleep with your knee in my back.” John groaned, checking his phone. 3am. Bloody hell.
"Done and done. All of the staff check out. They all say the same things, the father is away a lot but he loves the girls dearly. No less than two video chats a day, plus phone calls and letters and postcards. The nanny claimed she thinks of them as her baby sisters. The tutors were frantic. None of them knew where the father could be or who could've done it."
“You do understand that this isn’t-” His attempt at defending his species was rudely interrupted by a sharp hiss. John sighed and waited for the next commercial break. “You do understand that this isn’t an accurate representation of all humanity, right?”
"Sugar?" John shook his head, pulling out a chair at the kitchen table. It briefly occurred to him that he pulled out the same chair yesterday and the day before and if he kept going on like this, the chair was in danger of becoming his. He brushed the thought aside when Sherlock set his mug in front of him.
“Money, right?” John was at the end of his rope in many ways, but mostly financially. He managed to convince himself that once he had some money, he could sort all the rest out. Once he could afford to live, he could work on wanting to.
Sherlock snapped to attention when the somewhat hypnotic clicking of the keyboard stopped. He looked up to find John rubbing at his temples, wincing from a mild headache. The saliva must be wearing off. Time for another dose.
“Yeah. From what I’ve been told, so is your addiction.” John took a seat on the edge of the coffee table, as his bad leg was giving him hell. “Lestrade will be here any minute now.”
He adjusted his present’s position against his back as he guided his horse off the main road. Sherlock didn’t want his present to be too obvious, but a crossbow is a difficult thing to disguise. Not that it really mattered, because there was a large chance that John had never seen one before and Sherlock was being an utter idiot. But idiot or not, he was going to do this properly.
This is it! The moment you've all been waiting for! I had to rewrite it like three times and I'm probably going to fail my math class because of it. But it's beautiful and I have no regrets.
"A bit, yeah." The girl chuckled back. "Well, is there a number I could reach you at? In case I see Amy or... Need music lessons."
“Imagine you were enjoying a slab of burnt cow at a restaurant and the cook came up, asked you how you’re liking it then ejaculated all over it.” Sherlock illustrated, somberly. “It’s bad.”
Sherlock's phone disappeared into a pocket as he leaned over the table. "Don't you find it a bit suspicious that most of the blood was still wet when we arrived?" His voice was low and quiet. John didn't hear him speak, so much as feel it vibrating through his skin.
Sherlock choked with the realization that, while their ‘equipment’ was similar, they were a far, far cry from equal. And his certainly did not shine like a candle. He thought it best not to mention it.
Also, most vampires in this universe do have fangs. Sherlock just had his removed as a kid (They grew in wrong)
A glass of wine materialized on the table. “A little idle conversation might help also.” He mumbled over the rim of the glass.
"Just watching out for a fellow human." His mouth contorted into some strange parody of a compassionate smile. John let out a mad, dangerous laugh. The smile melted into a more honest emotionless mask. "As I said before. business. I hunt the hunters and sell those who would enslave us. I make sure that such monstrosities as vampires and werewolves and demons stay the stuff of legends and keep the underworld underfoot. It's quite a profitable occupation, if you're interested."
John knelt down. Whatever burst of life that Sherlock had gained seemed to be fading quickly. “Sherlock. Can you open our eyes for me? Just a little.”
“Dammit John!” Sherlock grunted, shooting off after her. For what felt like hours, he ran just seconds behind the murderer and John ran just seconds after Sherlock. They weaved through dark alleys and across busy streets and through shortcuts. Every time the murderer vanished from sight, Sherlock would dart down a shadowed gap between buildings and they were just ahead of her.
“Alright then. Good. I-“ John started, unsure of where exactly to go from there. If he were honest with himself, he'd have to admit that he hadn’t expected it to go so well.
“I… was just-“ Sherlock tried to defend himself while simultaneous trying to wrench his ear from Mycroft’s grasp.
“...think it’s rather astonishing, don’t you agree?” John suddenly realized that the vampire had been talking the entire time.
I've also been considering re-writing the entire story. But.... I think I'd like to get to some sort of finishing point first.
I wanted to bring some of the pure canon into this fic, so Sherlock’s practically a professional makeup artist.
Sherlock didn’t even look up, prodding at the beginnings of a fire. “It’s nothing important. Hardly worth reading.”
“The cold doesn’t bother me so much. Neither does heat. I think it’s got something to do with… this.” John gestured vaguely to himself, indicating his ever-present aura.
“Threatened me?” He asked incredulously, ignoring John’s concerns entirely. “No, actually that does sound about right, considering he’s also terrible brother.” He flopped into his chair, earning a monumental eye-roll from said brother.
The waitress blushed as the comment clearly wasn’t only describing the food. Sherlock made a noise. “Anything else for you two?”
Sherlock crinkled his eyebrow at Mycroft. “You mean sucking off politicians in the loo doesn’t count as socializing? Who knew.”
“What on earth are you doing in there, styling your hair?” Sherlock shouted through the door, prompting John to take a step back from the door and begin brushing his teeth. He eyed the glass cup containing a pair of partial dentures as he scrubbed away at his gums, wondering at the fact that he’d never seen it in the bathroom at Baker Street and the possibility that Sherlock had been consciously hiding it from him this entire time. Then the impatient vampire started pounding on the door and John stopped caring.
"John, you're a doctor. Tell me your opinion as a medical professional." Captain John Watson took a deep breath and curled his hands into fists. It took every ounce of his strength to step away from the edge of the room and walk into that ghastly tableau, but once he was in it, examining the body of the victim became as easy as breathing.
Sherlock chewed on his lip, the tip of his ears turning pink. John expected his face would be burning up too, if not for the sunscreen and makeup. “I needed to be sure you were ready.”
John took two tries to load the bow because it slipped off his shoulder the first time. But he loaded it. Then, he took a full minute to aim it correctly. Which was good. It was better to take time and be cautious than to shoot himself in the foot. Like Sherlock did his first time with a bow. Then he pulled the trigger, letting the arrow fly far and fast. A full yard away from the tree.
"Mm. Most liquids, actually. But, to be fair, it has got a drop of Molly in it." John giggled, despite himself. In the morgue, the man had seemed so sharp and dangerous, but here, in the cluttered little flat with the quaint wallpaper and skulls scattered about like morbid Easter eggs, he seemed almost normal. It was impossible to think of him as the subject of a thousand black and white era horror movies when his eyes were dull and crusted and his hair was ruffled.
"I doubt she'll come up to our table and introduce herself. She has gotten away with this before, after all." Sherlock caught the attention of a waiter and ordered a glass of wine. Red, with way too many syllables for John's budget. He nudged John's plate. "Eat. But slowly. We need to look like we're not waiting for her.”
“It protects me from many things.” John responded, just as eager to answer Sherlock’s questions as he was to ask them. Without warning, he thrust his hand into the growing fire. Sherlock gave a shout of alarm but quickly realized that while the fire licked at his hand like an overeager puppy, John showed no sign of pain. When John pulled it out, Sherlock instantly grabbed it to make a more thorough inspection of the damage, or lack of which.
"John." He said, his hands snapping to his sides. There was a buzzing silence as Sherlock tried to find the answers to the hundreds of questions John was undoubtedly about to ask. "Uh- this is my brother, Mycroft.
Sherlock shrunk away from Lestrade's sight, suddenly painfully conscious of his own… state. “Lovely to see you too. If you could just leave the morphine on side table and leave, I would be most thankful. Enjoy your date with the wife.” He enunciated carefully in an attempt to appear functional.
“I didn’t threaten anybody,” denied Mycroft, calmly extracting a watch from his pocket. It was one of those solid gold heirloom types which was probably worth more than John’s life. He flipped it open with practiced ease.
"Painting? How?" Lestrade asked, although he was already beginning to see it. Sherlock was definitely one of those dramatic types. He had figured that out early on. The detective inspector was infinitely grateful that Sherlock preferred to solve murders than commit them."And how do you know it's a woman?"
John’s eyebrows shot up to mid-forehead. If Sherlock had any reaction to the new information, he didn’t show it. He only rolled his eyes. “You know how kids of this generation are. No respect.”
"Maybe I'll think up something new in the morning," She sighed to the empty room, shutting off her computer and stumbling, defeated, to her bedroom. In her melancholy, she failed to notice the subtle click of her front door unlocking. She changed out of her baggy, worn 'house clothes' and, after a moment of consideration, decided against pajamas. It was going to be a warm night. Later, she might come to regret this decision. But she wouldn't regret it for long. Besides, it wouldn't have mattered either way.
http://www.fototime.com/ftweb/bin/ft.dll/picture?PictId={7CE49160-FC74-46AD-A5C1-EBCF7DD31AC7}&size=ORIG
Lestrade pulled out a well-used notepad and pen, jotting down as much of the facts as he had caught. “Three hours. That must be some sort of record.”
After a moment’s consideration, Lestrade conceded, stepping aside to allow Sherlock to drag John out the door. "But you're coming in tomorrow to give me your official statement!" He shouted after them in a failed attempt at salvaging a shred of his authority.
"She wouldn't've. I just began teaching her this past week. She has a lot of potential, but she just doesn't see it in herself." Sherlock said, smooth as silk. John sighed and rolled his eyes. "That's why I'm so concerned. I'd hate for her to to give up so soon."
“I am a doctor, you know.” John pointed out, speaking mostly to the wall. “I have experience with naked bodies.”
“He was beautiful. A truly exceptional human being. I watched him grow up. I observed the development of every line and wrinkle on his face. I tended to all of his wounds, from papercut to knifewound. I drank so much of his blood, I often suspected I had more of him floating around my system than me.” Sherlock continued, dreamily running his fingertips across the aged paper. “He’s been dead for a century, but my life will go on for another thousand years or more. There’s no one to remember him but me.”
Sherlock gasped, eyes going wide and blue and lungs taking in about half a glass of water. “John.” He croaked after bout of choking.
Several events then piled on top of each other in that moment. John realized that since the kidnapper didn’t have a gun, there wasn’t anything keeping him from immobilizing the bastard and lunged. The bastard in question realized that, because everyone in the room knew he bought his gun from the kid’s section, there wasn’t anything keeping John from immobilizing him and darted towards the door. One of the kidnapped children managed to dislodge the gag from her mouth and shouted to her father in japanese. Her father forgot about the kidnapper and ran to free his kids. Sherlock tripped the kidnapper as he lunged for the door. John hit the ground. Lestrade opened the door. The kidnapper broke his nose.
"Oh. I get it now. All this business with the murder and the breakfast banquet and the... coat is you-"
“Good!” Sherlock collected himself with a sigh, scanning the rest of the room for signs of disturbance. “She was watching us at the crime scene. I couldn’t be sure where, but I could smell fresh adrenaline in the air. I couldn't risk calling attention to her and driving her away, so I set a trap. Besides, it's more interesting this way.”
"Not the man, I've been told." Sherlock grimaced. "Had no idea he was close to you, just saw him as someone influential."
A few minutes later they were sat in a private room in the Three Broomsticks, pouring over pages of information on various employees at the Ministry.
Sherlock looked away. "So what was my first year, when you gave me the space to recreate an explosive?"
Sherlock smiled more as he heard a forced cough (John would probably believe it was genuine) as Lestrade entered the room, purposefully looking at a piece of parchment. He looked up at them.
'Christ like hell it is,' Lestrade said softly. 'You look bloody awful right now, do you see yourself? The color went straight from your face a minute ago, have you got broken ribs or something?!'
The same horror struck him as John's broom hit one of the towering stands and the fabric house colors caught fire along with the wooden frame. But Sherlock didn't have time to think about anything but getting to John, and urged his broom through the fire, managing to grab one of John's limp arms and pull him onto the boom as the fire climbed towards them. Sherlock let out a roar as he sped back out through the fire; his eyebrows might be gone, he registered faintly. As he sped towards the ground, he registered something speeding past his right ear and took his hand off the broom to swat it away. And then realized what it was and, on instinct, closed his fingers around the snitch. He and John toppled lightly off his singed broom and onto the ground.
"you as well. I think I can expect great things from you both." Dumbledore smiled and the two of them left his office.
In what felt like seconds, Sherlock's arms were around him, supporting him, holding his head above the surface of the water and he was coughing, looking blearily into Sherlock's face.
"Anyways!" Sally looked at Sherlock. "Shackbolt is in no way your man. Apparently, he's buddies with Dumbledore, although the other two are also close with Dumbledore."
"Right, well, good luck in Divination John, I heard Trelawney is on the warpath today." She waved to them both as she hurried off.
"No problem. At all," Lestrade said truthfully. "Tell me if you need anything--anything at all, alright?"
"Shame about it," John said. He looked over to Irene, who re-entered the kitchen, thumbing something in her pocket.
John grumbled, opening his eyes slowly. "Smells like bacon," John said yawning. Sherlock nodded. "Morning."
He'd just put it back on the desk when he heard a voice say quietly from behind him. 'Niece. My niece. Died a little over 6 years back. Along with my sister. She would've been a year older than you.'
"You've become quite sassy, John, not sure it's growing on me." Lestrade looked Sherlock in the eye. "You were in his office last night. I'm pretty damn sure I know the pair of you well enough to assume you didn't murder him. But there's no way you snuck in there and didn't see something to do with this."
John shook his head. "Not while we're in class." He sighed. "That Potter kid would be about what 5 or 6 now, wouldn't he?"
John made a step closer. "No, we haven't seen them," he said comfortingly, wondering what could be so worrying about the photos.
They made it to the back of Adler's flat and Sherlock gently picked the lock on the back door, opening it without making any sounds. John followed him into the kitchen, soundlessly, and John was reminded of the burnt cake. Sherlock wordlessly gestured to the hallway, motioning for John to stay put beside the staircase. John gave a thumbs up and took up his post.
"It's crowded as hell in here, thanks," Anderson muttered, still red, as John moved to sit beside Sherlock so Anderson and Sally could have the other side of the table.
Sorry to Mycroft fans if he comes off as a bit of a jerk, but i feel like these two had a lot of issues to work out before they could get to how they were when Mycroft appeared in the Conan Doyle canon.
"I thought you were dead," John said in a small voice. "I've never lost anyone I cared about...loved so much."
"Well by those standards, I shouldn't have called myself that either." He felt his mouth turning into a grin, trying to keep the laughter out of his voice.
The second Sherlock's finger clenched on the trigger, John sprung up, launching himself forward and into Sherlock as the bomb exploded. In a heartbeat, John felt Sherlock tense up in surprise, and John's momentum shoved Sherlock into the pool, John following a spilt second later. Something struck him in the back of his head and he felt dazed, seeing red as he entered the pool.
Sherlock gave a cold laugh, standing to his full height. "You mean you didn't know Will's father is horribly homophobic or that he might be in danger if those photos were proven real to his father before he's able to move out?"
Sherlock shrugged. "We were asked to look into it by Dumbledore. As everyone keeps telling us that the terrorist stuff at the Ministry is dangerous, John and I thought it best to check which date would bring you and the aurors to the Ministry so we don't end up crossing paths." Sherlock shook off the guilt at blatantly lying to Lestrade after the man had just said all that.
"Well I'm glad. And tired. I'm gonna head to bed. Text me if Lestrade turns up with anything this week."
Irene hesitated. "I destroy the photos under the condition that you guarantee my safety." Nell looked like she was about to protest. "It's the only thing we can do at this point."
"I did," John said proudly. "Paid a first-year 10 sickles to knock her hat off on the stairs. I was gracious enough to pick it up for her."
"I bet that was terrifying, Christ," Mary laughed, without much humor and Sherlock found a smile spreading onto his face.
It was two days before John came into the common room, late at night, looking slightly worn, but on the whole, healed. Sherlock was relived, although he tried his best to appear relaxed. He didn't, however, avoid eye contact and bend back over his astronomy homework.
"Damn right," Lestrade said again, his voice thick with empathy. "First time someone tried to kill me, I couldn't sleep for a few days. And that was when I was 20. Can't imagine how this has been on you." He looked up at John and Sherlock. "I'm gonna take you both back to mine, and get ahold of Mrs H to say that you'll be staying the night. You both go home in this state and she'll be beside herself with worry."
She blinked. "What, really? You're serious?" He nodded. "I wouldn't have guessed." Mary closed her mouth and blinked, pulling a cringe face. "That's an awful thing to say isn't it?"
"You think there's something he wasn't saying in front of his father." John didn't phrase it as a question. It seemed likely.
"I was just about to wake you," she said to him, smiling. "We've both got presents under the tree in my flat; I'll summon them up here after breakfast."
"Because it's the one thing that didn't seem to cross Fischer senior's mind," Sherlock said, tilting his head. He led the way out the door and hailed a cab.
"Shut up." John's eyes met Sherlock and Sherlock felt very small suddenly. His convictions over keeping people safe from Moriarty's empire, from the plan that he and Mycroft devised, turned to water under the scope of the anger and pain that was behind John's eyes.
Today wasn't the day John would be let in, or the day John would pry his friend to open up. He figured, as he passed Sherlock a mug of tea, that that would come naturally, like John's breakup with Sarah recently. He knew Sherlock had probably figured it out, but held back from asking, just as John was now.
"Listen I should tell you, if you're gonna come out to me, Mrs Hudson already let it slip that you're gay," she looked more nervous than he felt, and he let out a laugh.
Here's what's been up. Since high school (a looong time ago) I've been working on this little series here. Lately it's been a good part of a year without touching it, a year at least without seriously working on it. My writing and what I want to write about has changed alot.
"It's not so different this time, maybe," Sherlock muttered. "And anyways, what if the sorting hat made a mistake, and I'm supposed to be in Slytherin?"
"Either. Slytherins tend to be privy to each other's conversations. If not for friendship reasons, than to share knowledge." She looked at them both. "Most of us have Ministry ambitions so gotta work hard. Make connections."
"John you're a genius," Sherlock muttered. "There'll be a hitch. Us getting into the Ministry without being forcibly removed by Lestrade or Mycroft. If they see us, they'll right away think that we're trying to get involved with the Moran business."
Sherlock sighed. "I can't tell you who did it. We hid behind a plant and he backed into the room. He was half pleading for his life, half owning up to being a blackmailer. Someone shot green light at him--the killing curse, obviously--and he died."
"And right now. I miss you. I've missed you all summer. Every step I ran, every breath that I took in a panic, everything that happened, during all of it I just hoped I'd be able to make it back here." Sherlock met John's eyes. "You are my friend, John, my best friend. And I owe you a thousand apologies, but I'm starting with this one: I'm sorry." He inhaled deeply and stuck out a hand for John to shake.
Mycroft frowned. "Greg Lestrade is an honorable man, if annoying in how he refuses to cooperate with me." Mycroft looked at John pointedly. "That's two too many people like that." John smiled. "I'm merely suggesting to take care. My brother tends to poke his nose into problems everywhere. Doubtlessly, he will have learned about this affair without me. And gone bursting into Scotland Yard, no doubt demanding who would dare side with injustice."
"You were muttering in your sleep." Sherlock frowned, a slight crease between his eyebrows. But he didn't go on to say if he'd understood what John was saying.
"Oh, are you boys back already?" she asked. "I was planning on asking you both to have dinner with me." She smiled at John.
Sometime later, Sherlock and John left the Three Broomsticks, stopping into Honeydukes briefly to stock up on sweets, and headed back to the castle.
"Pepper Imps," Sherlock said, turning to the eagle. And it moved, spinning upward, revealing a staircase. Walking down it slowly was Albus Dumbledore. "Oh," Sherlock said.
Sherlock sighed, looking up to the front steps, and then walked forward, pulling out his keys and walking to the door, he looked back at Lestrade, before unlocking it and pulling it open, he'd barely stepped inside before he heard a scream of fright and something heavy and metal collided with his face and he blacked out.
"The music isn't bad," Sherlock said, "but I'd never heard of it before. Makes me want to mess around with the violin."
"We have to get something of the person we change into," John said, two weeks later, as the two of them sat in Defense Against the Dark Arts, waiting for class to start. "Who are you thinking?"
"You can have the seeker spot, but I want the field back to train the team until you and the new keeper start with us," John said.
"Ah, John," Mycroft said, as if John had walked into Mycroft's place and not his own. "How are you?"
"Sherlock." He opened his eyes and looked at John. "You don't have to tell me anything until you're ready." Sherlock smiled softly.
Sherlock detached himself from Anderson's grip and put down his hood, smoothing out his face to a normal expression.
"Of my son engaging in activities that are not becoming of him." William's face reddened and he ducked his head. Fischer shook his head. "And has the word of the others in the photo that they would swear to the reality of it if we were to come after her."
"Good you two are pairing up. Both of you finishing off the next three years on the auror-required studies," McGonagall commented as she watched Sherlock and John take turns practicing on a matchbox.
Not sure when I'll start working on part two, or if I'll stick to Hounds as the show did, but it'll be up soon.
"No," Sherlock promised. "I'll come collect you when I find out when they're going to arrest Moran." He looked at John. "Do you think Mary could get us in contact with Lady Smallwood, since you said she knows her?"
Snape let out a mirthless bark of laughter. "That old hat knows who we are. It doesn't make mistakes, Holmes." He looked at Sherlock. "If you were meant to be in Slytherin, you wouldn't be asking to make a potion to help anyone, or to get some practice at the NEWT level." Sherlock opened his mouth to reply and Snape cut him off. "In my office, evenings when I summon you. You are to come on your own, I don't want to see any sight of John Watson. Or any of your little friends. I am to be with you at all times. Understood?"
He had Sally Donovan poking around for information about Shackbolt; her parents worked in the same office as him and Sally had said that they knew most of the gossip around the office. However, she'd seemed reluctant at first to keep tabs with them. Moran was someone Sherlock could keep track of; it wasn't hard to sneak into the village occasionally at night and talk with people who knew him-Moran had close ties with the school and drank in the pubs in Hogsmeade every weekend. And Davies had a son a year under Molly.
"Really." She said. "Go rest up someplace, you look like you've been through the mill. I'll see to John." She smiled.
Sherlock nodded mutely and John swallowed heavily. "Rather that then them trying to hurt you directly," John said softly to Sherlock.
He forced his eyes open, locking gaze with Lestrade and trying to time his breathing with the older man's.
"And even you," Sherlock said seriously. "I never blamed you for being angry. Any of the times. I wouldn't keep staying by your side otherwise." He looked at John, blinking as he realised he'd been leaning slightly across the table toward his friend and tried to ease himself backward.
Dumbledore nodded in response. "I have my most trusted staff members looking into it." A mischievous smile twinkled in the old man's eyes. "All two of my most trusted staff members."
"Hello, Lestrade," Bell said happily. "We've only met the one time, sorry to drop by like this." Bell looked to Sherlock and smiled. "However, it's Sherlock's birthday and Mrs Hudson said he was here when I stopped at Baker Street."
Sherlock grinned to John as he stood, taking long strides across the room to hurry to the front door. "She will," he said lightly.
Sherlock stood from the hearth in the leaky cauldron, quickly brushing himself off and raising the hood of his jacket over his head, in an attempt to make himself less noticeable if anyone were to notice him. He slunk out quickly from the crowded pub, and into the crowded street.
"Greg," John said softly, slowly touching a palm to Sherlock's back, reassuringly. "Maybe not yell until he's calmed down?"
"Well, I'm just glad you didn't give her a heart attack,' he said, giggling as Sherlock sat up, glaring at him. 'Apparently your stupid brother didn't let her know.'
"I need you to keep an eye on someone for me." Sherlock slowly told her what he wanted. He had thought about this for a long while; the last time he'd asked someone to spy in depth was Carl Powers, who'd been killed because of it. Sherlock had taken his time researching how he could best deal with Mycroft's case of threats against the Ministry (and, Sherlock suspected, Hogwarts) without getting so directly involved that he would have to leave school. There were other matters on his mind. Namely a certain chaos that still had whispers around every corner, and of a few clippings back from the days of Moriarty that had yet to name a mastermind. As much as Sherlock had wanted to blame the two murders with blackmail ties on his old arch-enemy, there was something nagging him to look into it further.
"We didn't think there would be one from you, though," Nell said, her voice icy. "How did you know we're seeing each other?"
"If you don't want to help with that for any reason, I can understand." He shook his head. "Predatory, is the word for it. Blackmail is predatory."
"And he's probably got his office charmed so students don't sneak in at night," Molly said. "I heard another student talking about it; someone tried to sneak into Flitwick's office once to fix a paper. All the professors have charms on their doors now."
Mrs Hudson threw her arms around him once he'd stood, and he heard her sniffle into his chest slightly.
"Apparently Snape's still sharp as a fucking knife," Sherlock said. The he turned back to the stairs. "I'm going to bed."
An hour later he trudged into the Gryffindor common room, thoroughly tired out. But feeling better than he had in weeks. He'd forgotten how much he'd actually loved flying.
Sherlock approached the patio slowly, suddenly nervous of how John would respond. But he put that all to the back of his mind as the sprung careful up the three steps, feet treading lightly on the wooden boards, and carefully approached there table.
He kept his gaze on the table. "We had magical investigators up here--not Lestrade, though, not his division. McGonagall also called me in for a chat. No leads."
"Mr Watson relayed his concerned to me about wanting to be a healer in times of action." McGonagall was wearing a smile rarely seen. "I thought that was an excellent idea, considering the times of struggle we've been through. And still might reach."
John hurried in silently when he heard the muffled sound from Sherlock, and found his friend, bleeding from the eyebrow, laying on his back on the floor, and fending off Irene's firsts. John grabbed her from behind, quickly dragging her away from Sherlock and she screeched, biting his fingers. John swore loudly, shaking his hand, as Nell rushed into the room, and saw Sherlock rising to his knees. The four of them locked gazes with one another, waiting for a movement.
A grin broke out across Anderson's face, and he laughed slowly. Sally sniffed and raised her head, the back of her hand wiping her eyes slightly.
Sherlock grunted in pain before he could stop himself, but hugged Lestrade back tightly, hoping the man hadn't heard.
"That's something, though. A connection to Dumbledore." At everyone's questioning look, Sherlock explained as he slung his bag over his shoulder. "My brother seemed to imply that whatever is afoot in the Ministry might also affect the school. Need more data though to see how."
"Well, it's a good thing that John and I act as a unit. As a unit, it's as if we have one pair of ears." Sherlock smiled at Fischer until he grudgingly took a seat on the chair next to his son. John and Sherlock reclaimed their usual chairs and John pulled out his pad to take notes.
"You would think Mycroft's owls would get here at the regular time with everyone else's mail," John remarked.
"Sherlock!?" Anderson came around the corner quickly and started, before gripping Sherlock by the upper arms and grinning madly. "Jesus Christ it is you. Sally, Sally..."
Sherlock nodded. "Saved me some time, although I was hoping to test a new corrosive on it." He looked from Fischer to Will. "I would also advise you to stop asking her about marrying your son, Mr Fischer. Miss Adler's roommate turned out to be her girlfriend."
Sherlock looked over at John. "Over the summer, I went out to take down much of Moriarty's empire. And investigate some other things." He watched as John's brow creased. "He might be asking about that."
He and John both dropped their jaws in surprise as Milverton backed into the office at wandpoint. A moment later, Lady Smallwood followed him in, murder written all over her features.
"I've been reliably informed that I don't have a heart," Sherlock said, pointedly. "But as someone said quite recently, while threatening a friend of mine, it isn't quite true." He looked at John. "We need to clean this up neatly so that kid doesn't have to fear from his father. If not, I'll find a way to keep him safe."
"Just a graze. Not a problem," Sherlock said dismissively. He put his hand on John's back and the two of them headed outside.
"I hate you," Sherlock repeated, looking defiantly up into Mycroft's face until his wrists were released and he tried to support his weight on his legs as he stood and ended up falling to the floor slickened with his own bodily fluids. "I ...hate you..." he said weakly, and Mycroft took his arms and helped him to stand.
"Mmm? Oh, name of his son. It'd been in the paper's earlier this year that the son of Derek Fischer was graduating. Top grades, wants to do medicine or something." Sherlock waved his hand. "William, his name is."
Sherlock would've liked for things to remain this way for a long time. Whatever Lestrade's place in his life was, Sherlock liked it. He would've liked to just disappear from the world and have Lestrade keep his place. Lestrade made a better family member than much of his real family did, Sherlock often thought.
"You need to leave," Smallwood said, making fearful eye-contact with Sherlock and then John. Then she lowered her wand, slightly. "He deserved that. Whatever happens to me."
And Donovan was right behind him, looking like a ghost in surprise; Anderson was talking frantically about how he'd known all along, that there was no way, but Sherlock watched as Sally's face turned from shock to shame in a heartbeat, ducking her head quickly to hide the wetness Sherlock had seen in them.
Sherlock nodded mutely and stepped out of the car, pulling his bag and Sigerson's crate out with him. Lestrade didn't pull away yet, seemingly to make sure Sherlock got inside safely.
"Not good enough to let you leave without finishing," Bell muttered, looking up to meet Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock made a face.
"If I heard anything of note, I will of course let you know. I would assume you have been thinking the same in that it's someone trying to get to you, Sherlock, by hurting Mr Watson?"
Sherlock laughed. "Well you were the one who ran out of the flat to take a walk and consider my biology."
"This does mean a lot, thank you, Will." Sherlock held up the photo. "I hope you two end up very happy together, and I wish you both the best." He smiled. "If he gets into criminal law and ever needs someone like me, well, you know how to contact me."
But know that there will be some changes to this, because I do not want to stick so closely to BBC Sherlock canon as much anymore. (you'll see what I mean very soon) It will still be the same good growing relationship and friendship of John and Sherlock, and all the BBC regular characters with their personalities (mostly) intact. but a different tone, and a different take on these things.
John shook his head. "Just wasn't right. I think you need a certain person to be with you while you're a colleague and friend of a detective." John smiled slightly. "Dangerous work, odd hours, and all that."
"Are you planning on stealing it?" John paused. "She seemed like she's not a bad person; I doubt Mr Fischer has anything to worry about." Sherlock hummed.
"John Watson, aren't you friend's with that fake detective?," he asked quietly, putting on a voice, he had no idea why...
Molly nodded. "They didn't find anything, told me I must have been hearing things." She looked at Sherlock. "I wasn't. But I don't want to go snooping around in his office or ask him anything funny. He might complain and I'd be in trouble for accusing a teacher of something, twice."
"Screw it," Molly said, sitting behind him. "Sherlock, you have to look into our Defense Against the Dark Arts professor."
She waved him off, seeing him to the door as sherlock went up to his flat and looked around, admiring the dust and stuffiness of the place.
'I...I'll take the couch it's fine with me. I don't know how well I'll sleep anyways.' Sherlock avoided Lestrade's eyes again.
"That was mental," John whispered, as Sherlock followed him down a flight of stairs, hoping that their shoes weren't making much sound.
Sherlock nodded. "She baked, didn't she?" he asked, sounded like he was forcing exasperation. "We'll have leftover desert food for the coming week, knowing her."
"And for good reason," John said darkly. Nell and Irene relaxed themselves, looking each other in the eye.
He started, realizing he'd treaded too closely to the castle where he'd be seen. He stopped in place as Snape strode to him, trying to finish off his cigarette before he was banished inside.
John's familiar tread hurried down the stairs from his bedroom and then down to the front hall. "Sorry. Definitely need to do laundry." He looked at Sherlock. "Remind me again why you think simply talking to her will be any good?"
"You're not leaving us this time," one said nastily. The boy flinched at the voice and the other four chuckled slightly. "No more stupid escape attempts."
"It's all fine, you know," he found himself saying, heading into the kitchen and putting the kettle on the stove. "Whatever it is."
"She was more concerned to see if she would find me alive after the explosion," Sherlock muttered. He shook his head. "If she'd been in that flat..."
"I told you exactly how I was feeling after Victor died. If I'd been inclined to lie, I might have been much more cheerful."
A jet of red light hit the boy squarely in the back and he fell on his face with a cry of pain, curling into a ball and shivering slightly as five man surrounded him in a circle.
Sherlock nodded. Then he stopped, hesitating on the step before unlocking the door. "Moriarty escaped."
Two weeks later he stood in the hills across from Mycroft, running with his wand out, flashes of lights sparking through the air, his brother turning equally quick to shoot light at him.
Irene nodded. "If you're sure that will work, I'll destroy everything on the drive tomorrow morning." Sherlock smiled faintly and stuck out his hand.
"Yeah, that's all," John asked. He took in a breath as he realized what Sherlock had said. "Not long ago, we were working on a case, people with bombs strapped to them, and you admitted to not caring," he said carefully.
"Yup." Sherlock watched as John wandered off to the portrait room to take the quickest path to the tower, wondering if this time, it was John who wasn't telling him something.
Sherlock found himself shaking his head. "No--I mean yeah, bad memories but..." He frowned. "But it's ok." He looked at Lestrade, who was frowning, and realized that outside of the Prophet article that had been printed last spring, the man knew nothing of Sherlock's parents. "The Prophet story that Moriarty gave had it right, my father was ... ah..."
"I'm driving you to Baker Street," Lestrade said firmly, as Sherlock pulled his bag gently onto one shoulder, wincing as the pain was almost worse after a night of no sleep. "After that you can decide what you want to do."
A few hours later, Lestrade came through the front door with a shout of "Father Christmas is here!" Mrs. Hudson led him up the stairs, laughing at Sherlock's mortified face.
He saw, in his peripheral, John opening his mouth and then closing it again. And he frowned. "That sort of thing shouldn't be off-bounds for me to talk about with you."
"Harry's got a girlfriend now?" Sherlock asked, smiling faintly, remembering that John's sister didn't like him too much the first time they'd met. John nodded. "She's what, 17?"
"And Murray isn't stupid enough to let a cauldron of polyjuice sit in our dormitory for a month," Sherlock said.
It was in a dark black forest that the sounds of running could probably be heard from many yards away that the footsteps were so frantic. But they weren't so terrifying as the sounds of panicked crying that escaped the running boy's lips as he gasped for oxygen, nor the loud angry shouts that followed him as he scampered through the dark.
His brother ran his tongue over his lower lip and let out a breath. "Well..." He cleared his throat, walking over to Sherlock. "Thankfully, you're in this good of shape then."
"No, I'm bisexual. But Will's only ever been my best friend. That's why I thought he was joking, I thought he'd figured out I mostly liked women." She looked at Sherlock. "I sent the photo to Mr Fischer because I didn't want him to pressure me into actually marrying Will. Will doesn't want it either. If I have that photo, and Mr Fischer thinks it will get Will into some sort of trouble, it's protection."
"I'm actually gonna go now if you don't mind," Sherlock said softly. "A trip through London will be nice now."
"I was supposed to meet him for a make up meeting and I heard someone shouting the spell for the Imperious Curse." Molly looked fearful and Sherlock swallowed. "I knocked and he came to the door a few seconds later; he seemed normal, but I could've sword I heard him shouting before."
"He took a long walk and then came back and we talked it out," Sherlock admitted. Somehow it felt more realistic to leave out the part where he'd sat with John's gun, pondering suicide if his friend hadn't accepted him. John was still the best man he knew.
"You nearly might have," Sherlock muttered. "Let me pose this in a way that's actually helpful: what can we do to assure your safety, but also guarantee Will's?"
Fischer cut his son off, "But as long as she has that photo and is prepared to use it as blackmail, I fear my son is not safe. We want the photo back. And any existance of it wiped from whatever hard drive it's on."
"You're assuming I'm on the right side. I'm hoping it isn't because of my house, sir," Sherlock said, looking out the window.
John helped her fan out the kitchen. Sherlock strode in. "Can we turn off the alarm?" he shouted above the noise. Irene poked her head around Sherlock's tall body.
Snape looked at Sherlock, thick brows furrowed. "You know perfectly well why that was an exception."
Sherlock shook his head. "Nope. We actually finished up, I think." He looked over to Irene. "We may be back again. We have to ask Will some questions still."
Straight off the plane, still high, but no longer in danger. A new lease on life was a common phrase used by ordinary people. And yet.
"Not get kidnapped, probably," Lestrade said, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Alright, give me what you got." He looked at Sherlock, pen and paper at the ready.
"Unless he memorized it all. Knowledge is power enough, just starting the rumor is even more dangerous."
Irene looked at him, flushing a little. "Godfrey Norton. Sort of a heartthrob at the uni he and Will are still at. He's in the photo to. It would be real shit of me to get him into trouble as well."
Mary looked from Sherlock to John, where they sat in the entrance hall, before John's Divination class.
"Go on back to your compartment. Everything is fine." He attempted a smile to look more convincing. She nodded and headed out, leaving him to sit and let out a shaky breath, turning to the window to wonder if everything would be okay.
"Why were you watching what I was doing instead of getting me into trouble?" Sherlock said, glaring at Snape.
Sherlock blinked in surprise, but the tone of Mycroft's voice signaled the end to his visit, and he was well past the point of wanting to leave. So he slid through the door quietly, leaving Mycroft the peace in his office once again.
William spoke in a more steady voice. "I don't know. We're supposed to be friends. Or were. I know she was really upset and scared when father came after her to marry me." William looked up at Sherlock. "I was, too. He's... forceful when he sets his mind on to something."
'Probably,' Sherlock said quietly. Lestrade met his eyes. 'I just need to rest. I'm sure Mrs Hudson will fuss enough when she sees me.'
"Your parents were some of the fighters in the last Wizarding war," Dumbledore said softly. "And your quest for justice both inside these walls and out has not escaped notice. Sometimes we create our own demons, other times they are just looking for someone to prey on." He looked wistful. "Just be careful. Enemies you make have a way of coming back to you, at costs you are often not prepared to sacrifice."
"Christmas at Baker Street, young man, don't you forget!" Mrs Hudson called. Sherlock turned and nodded. Smiled sadly. He didn't think Christmas would be as nice as it had been the past four years. But there was a long half year ahead of him.
"We tell Will's father that you were gay, and that he rejected you as a friend once he found out," John said. "Fischer breaks contact with you, and we tell him we destroyed the photos. You and Will are free to keep in contact, just behind his father's back."
Sherlock immediately tackled the gifts marked "from the Watsons". Mr. and Mrs. Watson had gotten him a potions book and a deep navy-blue sweater, respectively. Sherlock smiled, tugging the sweat over his head.
So hey, if you've stuck with me this long, things won't be changing too much, but there will be some differences. And I promise it'll be in the name of a better, more complete, and better story that I feel good about.
John swing at him again and Sherlock had his left arm up and his right arm going for his wand out of reflex before he could think. He forced himself to think and relaxed, firmly but not violently holding John back.
"Sorry," Mrs Hudson said from behind him. "I couldn't come up here not so soon after..." she smiled faintly. "Well, it's silly isn't it now. I'll make some food and then you can go see John, alright?"
John looked up at him, torn somewhere between punching him and forgiving him. "Practices start next week. I only had two spots to fill, and you were one of them. Our first game is soon but with OWLs this year, I was putting tryouts off."
Sherlock nodded, sucking in a large breath and letting it out evenly. He looked over to see Mycroft berating several aurors before the group disapperated. "Hell..." he muttered.
"Soon I'll be in America, with Godfrey." Will pulled something out of his pocket. "Here, this is for you, as my thanks. It doesn't mean a whole lot to you, probably, but..."
William's voice finally broke and he sounded teary as he ducked his head down. "I'm doing medicine, but... my father, he's so homophobic, he doesn't know. I've never come out to him, any mention of that stuff and he just..." William looked up, his eyes red and wet. "Irene and I were supposed to be friends, I can't believe she would ever-!"
Inside the room, a small army of people in sterile blue plastic buzzed about the small apartment taking samples, snapping pictures. They all began to disperse even before Lestrade called for a ten minute break. Anderson lingered, unable to resist putting in his own opinion. "No one's seen anything like it. But if I had to guess... I'd say he's some sort of satanist fanatic."
“Can’t.” The vampire found a position that wouldn’t give his back too much hell and held it. “These women are smart. There’s no doubt that they’re listening to us through a strategically positioned baby monitor. Even if we were to covertly create a plan through a hastily constructed language of coughing, it would be impossible to execute without alerting whoever is guarding at the door.”
Less than a minute later, an elderly man John could only assume to be Mr. Herald walked up to them, beaming with teeth polished so brightly that John wouldn’t have been surprised to find them displayed in one of the glass cases surrounding the room.
"Hunters are not your common cutthroats, Sherlock. You know that. They've ensnared vampires older and wiser than you. With your proclivity towards reckless self-endangerment and refusal to take the necessary precautions, I'm surprised you're not already some mortal's expensive toy."
“You know what I mean.” Sherlock smirked as the waitress approached. Sherlock quickly ordered before she had the chance to speak, which was especially unusual as he wasn’t going to be the one eating. But it just so happened to be just the thing John was craving, so he didn’t complain.
Although, John considered that might very well be the point. It seemed that Mycroft just couldn’t be satisfied until he’s made everyone in the room at least mildly uncomfortable.
He rifled through the clothes in his closet at a speed comparable to that of John’s typing. It was agonizing. He knew exactly what items he was looking for and their location in closet, if only he could make his body get to them faster. His legs shook lightly, likely to give out in roughly five minutes. Which was fine. After he’d gotten all of the things he was looking for, he’d no longer need them. Everything he needed would be delivered to him, perfectly wrapped in a warm, woolly jumper and a biting smile.
“How? Sherlock, you must realize I can’t read your mind.” John was getting a little impatient now. He didn’t mind being a few steps behind, but being left in the dark was an entirely different matter.
Sherlock smirked as John swung into a half-decent Chinese restaurant. They took a seat by a window and sipped at cool glasses of water while they watched the quaint people of the quaint town trickle by.
“I’m making a sort of wedge shape in the end. That way, it’ll make a groove in the other piece of wood. But first I have to flatten out that surface.” John explained what he was doing as he did it, going slower than he usually did so Sherlock could follow along. Sherlock wasn’t exactly an expert on fire-lighting by the end of it, but he had a vague understanding of the process that he could work with.
“Think of it as advice.” He flexed his fingers around the ivory handle of his cane as he considered his next words. "These creatures... they're not like us. They've preyed on humankind from the shadows for centuries. Preying on the lost, lonely and desperate. Luring them in with their beauty, promises of money, security and your heart’s desire. Tell me, has he told you that he’ll do anything to please you? Or has he found a different line?"
"I've got a bad feeling about it." Sherlock mumbled, swinging out of the car before it came to a full stop. "The first thing we'll do is run it through your audio processing program."
‘In other news, I went out to see a movie with Sara from work.’ Sherlock moaned pitifully into the sofa cushions. ‘She’s really quite nice.’
“It wasn’t exactly difficult.” Sherlock sighed as John hauled himself up from the floor. “I’m sure you could’ve worked it out yourself, had you a lick of common sense and working ears. Now, I’ve given you the kids entirely unharmed and the kidnapper slightly battered. I’ve given you your precious explanation as to how I found them both. I don’t see why I still need to be here.”
“But you should be leaving.” He insisted when he glanced at the space above Sherlock’s shoulder. “It’s getting late.”
"The question we should be asking ourselves is 'why'. Why this girl? She isn't astonishingly beautiful, she's too young to have done anything of importance. She obviously wasn't very social. Why would our artist choose
“Sherlock, where are you?” John asked, fumbling at the empty bed. Sherlock could’ve slapped himself. It was dark. He spent a solid five minutes doing up a button-down when he could’ve been wearing a sodding lace negligee and John wouldn’t have known the difference. Decreased mental capacity must be setting back in.
Hey! I was kind of unsure about posting this chapter so soon in the story. But after I finished it, I couldn't really turn back. I'm hoping to get into a sort of regular posting schedule. But I'm afraid of actually setting a date, so... I guarantee the next chapter will be up in 15 days or less.
"She seems to have bled to death. None of the wounds are very deep, so it would've taken awhile. These marks left by the fishing line looks like she struggled while she was being tied up, so she was conscious for at least the beginning. But she didn't fight very hard, or the cuts would have been messier... The killer must have had some way to incapacitate her." The horror of knowing that his young woman was probably awake and aware for every cut and slice didn't hit him the way he expected. Mostly, it just seeped into his subconscious and waited for a more convenient time to make itself known.
Sherlock marched directly through the crowd, tutting at all the damage that had been inflicted on the fresh crime scene. A large, burly man blocked their path, reeking of authority. “Civilians aren’t authorized entry at this time.”
John blinked, brow furrowed against the morning light streaming through the window. “Have you been watching me all night?”
“I know. Just… saying. It’d be appreciated.” He didn’t really need one. Smoking just goes so well with a good drink. Maybe he just needed to give his mouth something to do.
John wouldn’t let this ‘Sherlock’ character fool him into thinking he’s anything more than livestock in this deal. “As well as the more… traditional forms of compensation.”
“John, could you help me get him undressed?” Sherlock blinked as he was dropped onto the toilet like a sack of potatoes. He listed worryingly to one side, Lestrade caught his shoulder.
John left the subject be, although he was terribly curious how forty years could possibly be enough time to forget the gender of one’s child. He continued. “
“It’s a crossbow. It works a little like that sling shot of yours, but with much more power.” Sherlock explained, the chill becoming unbearable in the absence of his cloak. “I’ll show you how to use it, once you get a fire going.”
Sherlock said they were going to investigate a murder, but nothing could prepare him for this. The poor girl was strung up from the ceiling with fishing line, her arms outstretched like a bizarre crucifixion. Her skin was carved up strategically with delicate spiraling lines. Some of it hung off of her arms and sides like fleshy ribbons. And her face. John dared not look at it a second time. He'd seen people die in Afghanistan. Explosive deaths, traumatic deaths, slow deaths, he's seen them all. But all of it seemed pale in comparison to the expression on her slashed up face.
“Sherlock, how lovely it is to see you up and about so soon.” Mycroft somehow managed to say sarcastically, despite being entirely sincere.
“I know you don’t need as much sleep as us mortals, but no organism on earth functions entirely without it.” John insisted, picking up his bag from where he set it down just a second ago. “Now, come on, we’ll have to ask for an exchange.”
Sherlock flicked his wrist, splashing Lestrade. “I don’t need a babysitter. You’re only here because Mycroft pays you to be anyways.”
It was ridiculous. Outlandish. Like something out of a penny dreadful. The scary part was, he was beginning to make sense. "That is definitely not your business."
John woke from a deep, comfortable sleep feeling refreshed and awake. It only took him a few minutes to remember where he was and he didn’t even begin to panic in the meanwhile. Then he took in the fresh, clean sheets and smiled, remembering the fact that he would be under no obligation to wash them. It was almost as if they would just wash themselves. Just like the mini-fridge that wouldn’t need cleaning or defending against the onslaught of corpse parts. Or the table that was much too small for any viable experiments. But despite the little joys of waking up in a delightful hotel room, he also had a vague sense that he was being watched. Probably because he was.
‘Actually,’ John typed out. ‘he did pay in the end. Mrs. Hudson picked his wallet when he dropped by to thank Sherlock.’
And in another room, a maid of the Miyamoto household awoke from a drugged sleep on a bed encrusted with rose petals and felt a cold dread creep up her spine as she realized something was very wrong.
Sherlock scoffed. “How could I have asked? Just mention it over tea ‘My, Mrs. Hudson makes a nice cuppa. But you know what would be even better? About 12 ounces of your bodily fluids.’ Just how do you expect you would’ve reacted?”
“As soon as I get the powder out of my hair. So you better pack quickly.” That was never a problem. John maintained a habit of keeping a bag packed by his bed since their last surprise outing. Sherlock swore it would only take three hours to solve a mildly interesting robbery. Then the bastard managed to clean out an entire house wallpaper and all, causing them to stay for an entire week to catch him.
"That's not what you said when you asked me to take this case." Sherlock said with a smug sort of misery. "You said- oh dear how did you put it again? It was such a clever line, I'd hate to get it wrong."
“I probably do but this time…” He shook his head incredulously. “There was one report that was only one sentence long. ‘Dead cat in forest probably killed by wolf.’ If you’re making a report about a dead animal, there must be something that makes you think it’s not a wolf attack. Otherwise, why make an official report of something so mundane?”
“How about explaining exactly what ‘this arrangement’ is.” John suggested, a point that always confused him. “I’ve been living at Baker Street more or less rent-free, you sometimes pay for dinner and takeout that only I eat and you’ve never actually asked anything of me aside from helping you with cases and fetching your phone. I assumed the reason you made that offer was because you needed blood.”
And yet, this morning John woke up in a room he immediately recognized as his own. He couldn't remember the last time he did that. John sighed, nodded his approval at the patch of sunny sky out his window and walked downstairs, pausing for a moment when he realized that the act was utterly painless. When he reached the kitchen, he found a cup of hot tea waiting for him as it always did, but this time in the hand of his flatmate.
“Sherlock! My favorite customer!” He said with all the sincerity of a Shakespearean actor. He glanced at John with a strange expression of surprised amusement that put him mildly off balance. “How have you been? It’s been too long since I’ve seen you last.”
The air was thick with stories untold. Most didn’t need telling. “I’m sorry,” were the only words John could think to say.
“You ok?” John asked over his own giggling fit. Sherlock nodded, face flushed red and still lightly hacking into his sleeve.
Sherlock didn't answer, only smiled approvingly at how quickly he caught on. "She'll need some time to change her clothes and google the address. I estimate... oh half an hour?"
John grinned lazily. That’s what he said last time. He wound his fingers into Sherlock’s curls, dragging him down into something that was similar to a kiss, but just a little too wet.
Sherlock shuffled around, pulling half the blankets off of John in the process, until his legs were stretched straight out in front of him. “Is that better?”
John woke up feeling… dry. Very dry. It was like the gobi desert took a shit in his mouth then, as an encore, reached its arm down his throat and sanded down his esophagus. And yet… he felt amazing. He felt like he was floating just half an inch above himself, his skin glowing with a golden warmth. He curled his arm tighter around the vampire sprawled across him, nudging at the top of his head with his chin.
John did not feel well. He didn’t think anyone sitting a few yards from a killer while listening to a vampire go on about the merits of killing would. But he nodded anyways. “Yeah. Fine.”
“Not human. Right. I keep forgetting.” The doctor muttered to himself. The moment he began to pull his hand away, Sherlock bolted into some facsimile of wakefulness, grabbing John’s hand and gasping like a fish left out to dry.
“Let’s have a fight.” He declared, not looking terribly angry or upset but rather a tiny bit excited.
“Yes, yes. Very funny, little brother.” Mycroft hauled himself up with all the haste of a glacier. “Well, this was lovely, boys. But I’m afraid I must be making my departure.”
“We.” The vampire said pointedly as he gave his cheekbones and nose some dimension. Or rather, restored the dimension that he usually had. “Are going out to a quaint little village called Sandford. According to the brochure, it’s the second friendliest town in the country. Make sure your gun’s fully loaded.”
Sherlock shook his head, simultaneously conducting the final checks on his face. “Not quite. People who murder dogs rarely stop there.”
“What’s the point of making cars than can go 160 if everyone stays under the speed limit?” Sherlock protested, a massive grin on his face as he veered around a tight corner. John braced himself in his seat and shut his eyes, preparing for an inevitable crash when the car slowed to a reasonable speed. “Fine. Fine. I’ll follow the stupid law.”
“This isn’t a fucking racetrack you bloody idiot! The speed limit’s 97!” John shouted, clinging to his seat for dear life.
John smirked and breathed in the dusty air of 221b. The faint scent of chemicals, the wood in the fireplace, the must of old books and London air. It wasn’t entirely pleasant, but it was solid, real, familiar. It was good to be home.
“Because I was around 30 at the time.” Sherlock mumbled, poutily. “Ok. That’s enough gawking. Put it down.”
“Twenty mad octogenarians are just about as easy to fight off as one or indeed sixty. The tricky part is not killing one or two of them in the process.” He sighed, still sounding a little off-put the idea that John thought he’d have trouble with it.
Btw, I have no idea how crossbows or fires work. I live in Arizona. Everyone’s got guns and things just sorta burst into flame on their own.
“I drank from Victor at night. So when he’d come to, it would be early morning and when I offered to cook for him, he’d request bacon and eggs. So I’ve never learnt to cook anything other than bacon and eggs.” Sherlock elaborated slowly as he tipped the eggs onto the same plate that held the bacon and carried the plate to the spot John had officially, unofficially claimed at the kitchen table. “If you ever choose to repeat tonight’s events and would prefer something different, I’d be more than happy to have Mrs. Hudson teach it to me.”
“They uhm… had to be removed. When I was a child. The canines grew in wrong.” Sherlock mentioned, breaking the thick, heavy silence filling the cold dungeon.  John made no indication that he heard him, not that Sherlock would’ve been able to see it. The blindfold made sure of that. Only the faint sound of his heart steadily beating and the soft rasp of his breath indicated that he was present and alive. “I only had the canines removed at first, but denture production was in a… experimental phase when I got my first set and two of the adjacent teeth on one side got infected due to the radiation.”
“My favorite cat breed is the Scottish fold. But of course, I always adopt from shelters.” The cashier of the corner shop went on, despite the fact that no one in the entire building had mentioned cats since they walked in. She pulled out her phone to show them pictures of her darling rascal Spot.
John laughed. The kind of laugh that made it clear that nothing about this situation was in the least bit funny. “What makes you so sure?”
Sherlock hummed a negative as he sucked the dried blood from the many crevices of the blade. “Hasn’t been for a long time. Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson do their best for me, but there’s just no pleasure in it. Not like the old days, when I half had to beg Victor to keep his fluids in his body. He’d bleed himself dry in a second. Just to keep me warm.”
“It would stand up in court though, should you choose to press charges.” Mycroft pointed out, slipping his phone back into his pocket. “Now, would let me in?
“Who doing- Oh… You mean the police.” John gasped, finally catching up to Sherlock’s train of thought. It was a mad train of thought, possibly gone entirely off the rails. But if it was true… “You think the police are behind all of this?”
It was by sheer chance that he didn’t miss it entirely. There was nothing marking the path. No deer tracks or footsteps, no knife-marks in the bark of the trees, nothing. Just a small gap between trees that became a passage if you looked at it from just the right angle. Anyone else would have overlooked it as just a funny coincidence. It’s not like one could control how trees in a forest grow, so it must have been coincidence. But no matter how such a formation was created, Sherlock knew instantly that this was the way.
John stole a chaste kiss from his mouth, then pressed it to his cheek, making the echoes die down to nothing more than a distant wind. “We can take it slow, one step at a time, anything you need.” Sherlock purred, the sound conveying what even ten thousand words wouldn’t manage. Relief, hope, the first blade of grass slicing through a long, harsh winter, catching a mermaid in the desert, the terror of being alive. John felt dizzy with it all as Sherlock pressed soft, lingering kisses into his carotid.  Across the hall and down the stairs, the door opened announcing the arrival of Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock hopped to his feet in an instant and disappeared from John’s sight. When he managed to pull himself off the ground, he found that Sherlock had put his shirt back on and the mood had completely dissolved.
"Anything you need." John murmured, pulling his shirt out of the way just far enough to slide the blade through his skin. "Take anything you need."
“You didn’t do that just for me, did you? I mean, I appreciate the gesture, but your mother’s watc-”
It was then that he got a good look at his elder brother. To his surprise, he looked much the same way he always did. Perfectly composed without a single wrinkle in his fine clothes or a bead of sweat on his brow.  He didn’t care that he’d been missing all day, dealing with highly dangerous substances and possibly inhuman beings. He only cared that he didn’t look nice for dinner with Mummy.
Sherlock threw himself onto a nearby rock, glaring at the fire pit as if that might make it burst into flame. Then John climbed up from his nest in the ground. Hair rumpled, posture loose and naked as the day he born. Sherlock leapt to his feet and turned his back, both in attempt to give his friend some privacy and hide his burning face.
The man shook his head, aging fifty years in a single breath. "... If anyone found out about this, I'd be out of a job. But we need him. All of the others would rather rip out their tongues than admit it, but we do. Without him, cases don't get solved in time, criminals escape and good people die. It's not pleasant, but... you... were talking about all the blood, weren't you."
"I don't see what you're so pleased about. It's not as if you did anything." Sherlock grumbled, folding his scarf tighter around his neck. "The case was sub-par at best. Failed romance is the most common and least interesting motive by far."
Sherlock raised his bony hand to halt our landlady's relentless onslaught of polite conversation. "Mrs. Hudson. Don't take this the wrong way, but your mindless drivel could wake the dead then bore them back to death immediately after. And, in my current state, I honestly don't think I could survive it."
"Drugs?" John asked. Sherlock blinked and tiled his head. "Or some kinda weird hazing ritual? I'd know some things about the latter."
Originally, this scene had no Mrs Hudson, but it felt like a disservice to leave her out since she's arguably the biggest part of most any Sherlock Holmes' family.
Dumbledore smiled. "The terrorist threat is dangerous. This however, seeing as so many details of your life, even false ones, were printed in the prophet last term, poses no threat to you."
"Where are you going to make the potion?" Molly asked. "It's not like Snape is going to let you do that; that's NEWT level or above."
"I'll have your arms in next," the torturer said in anger, spitting on the boy's unkept head as the boy shivered, wrists chained to the wall so he couldn't wrap his arms around himself. He pointed his wand at the boy's left arm.
John looked at the black ski mask in his hands as Sherlock loosely held his own, staring out at the cab window into the London night. Both were silent for the duration of the ride; any discussion would probably have put their cabbie off and ruined them for the night. Once they were a few blocks away from Irene Adler's flat, they payed their fee and exited the cab. Sherlock looked over at John, uncertainly, as they made their way to the back of the flat.
"I'm not bothered." Sherlock raised an eyebrow and John laughed. "He had some information for us, but it can wait. Mrs Hudson wants us over for dinner, and then we've got those photos to sort, right?"
Sherlock smiled slightly and they stopped in front of a large statue of an eagle. "You need a password to get in," he explained. "Unfortunately, I don't think it would be the same as last term's."
The next two weeks passed fairly quickly, Sherlock taking on several short cases and solving them quickly. John made notes on his blog, avoiding comments asking after Moriarty.
Sherlock looked to the front page and froze for a moment. the headline "CHARLES MILVERTON MURDERED" was slapped on top of a large photo of the man's face. He skimmed the article below, relaxing slightly as he saw no signs of accusation.
Sherlock nodded. "I didn't get the impression that there was someone Will knew well in the photo, but if Irene was friends with this Godfrey Norton..."
Sherlock felt himself flinch heavily as the green jet sprung from Smallwood's wand and hit Milverton. Sherlock's flinch had tilted the potted plant, making a thump, and John's hand clutched Sherlock's wrist in anxiety. As Milverton crumpled to the floor, dead, Smallwood looked their way, advancing to the plant, wand at the ready. Sherlock's heart hammered against his chest.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "If I believed that, why would I have to check in on him so often?" John looked away. "My brother," Mycroft said in a softer voice, "Could be a scientist, a brilliant chemist, or a philosopher. With that brain of his. But he's a detective, running around solving problems; goes to America with an acting group, ends up saving your landlady from her abusive husband." John blinked, unaware that Mycroft was privy to that knowledge. But he assumed it was in some file somewhere. "Makes friends with the best, least corrupt detective on the force." Mycroft shook his head. "He wanted to be a pirate as a child, but a pirate in the early 1800s, swooping in on various ships and liberating slaves from their captivity."
Sherlock smirked slightly, liking her better than the last time we'd met. 'Inspector Lestrade, is he at the same address?'
"John I told you about my father in our third year. The only ones who knew about him were Bell and Mycroft, and Mycroft only knew to an extent."
John turned to Sherlock, every thought in his mind telling him his friend must be gay. He wondered why it mattered so much to him, to know what his friend was, what sort of people Sherlock was attracted to. Maybe he just worried for Sherlock, and wanted him to have some kind of human connection.
"You'll just have to put up with that risk, then," John hissed at him. "We agreed; I'll be a look out."
"She doesn't," William said. He exchanged a look with his father. "She said she had a photo of...of me..."
Sherlock pulled out his phone and sat with it against his chin, thinking. He'd never done things this way before and he wasn't sure he wanted to. But he was too curious of the outcome, and too sold on the idea of finally having friends to not do things on his terms at last. So he pulled up a text.
"Good. Then part two: low on your radar, but important." Dumbledore shifted, and John narrowed his eyes, wondering if the headmaster was uncomfortable with the next topic. "Lady Smallwood, who is important in the ministry, is being blackmailed."
But he knew he owed John and apology, and the same to Mrs Hudson. He knew he had the responsibility to continue at Hogwarts. He knew he had promised to look into mycroft's problems.
"Irene Adler. It's a pleasure to meet you," Sherlock said. "We might be here because of Fischer, but your reputation as a young actor proceeds you."
"We'll see about Christmas," Sherlock said. "Trying to see what Lestrade and Mrs Hudson are up to. Bell got back to me last week; he's gonna be busy at Mungo's, apparently. But he might be able to come by for New Year's."
They headed down the hall and slipped into Milverton's office carefully. The lights were on, but as John and Sherlock looked around, no one was there.
"Shut up," Lestrade snapped lowly. "Mycroft Holmes is out front, along with our terrorist suspect and several aurors. He barely put up a fight. I'm expected to be heading out there before we all depart." He looked from Sherlock to John. "Well, supposed to be heading out there ALONE."
He walked back across the grounds slowly, smoking a cigarette from one of the packs he'd brought to school. It helped him, going out nightly for a walk and a smoke, walking the grounds and thinking, always thinking.
Sherlock didn't sleep that night. He sat on the couch until the early hours of the morning, absently petting Sigerson and looking out the window to the London streetlights outside. He wasn't sure he wanted to go back to his life at Hogwarts, in this world. He didn't know if he even could, after the summer "vacation" he'd had.
Sherlock chuckled and let a silence stretch on for a few moments. "Are we in a place where we can joke about those things now?" he asked curiously.
Sherlock nodded. "Well, Mycroft and I came up with the initial plan to fake my death and bring down anyone in the criminal network Moriarty took part in. We thought Moriarty might've be working with someone. I still do." Sherlock let out a breath. "We hadn't expected him to kill himself."
Hope you continue reading, thanks for keeping up this far (check out my fics for years 1-4 if you haven't yet, it means a lot)
"I should have said... it was a really rough summer." His voice caught and he closed his eyes, focusing on the warmth that the tea was giving him.
John nodded, setting his bag down and pulling out ink and quill to start on Flitwick's essay. "I'll help. I think you're right about having the place to do good. We've both been at work on helping people for the past five years. Making enemies or not, it's important."
"Two attempts. One to find her, then she relocated. I sent someone to, ah, break into her flat. She's sharing with a friend and the idiot didn't notice the other young woman was home." Fischer shook his head. "I don't trust many people, Mr Holmes."
Irene rolled her eyes, slowly walking into the room and sitting in a chair opposite Sherlock and John. "Oh, please tell me you aren't trying to flatter me into giving up those photos."
"Very," Mycroft said icily. He then took to inspecting his fingernails. "I talked with the man, turns out he was the wrong sort for the job. Blathered on about Moriarty for ten minutes. Which wasn't much useful."
John nodded, watching him leave. It was about ten minutes before Sherlock got home, during which time John sat in his armchair, trying to compose an email, but instead ended up trying to imagine a mini version of Sherlock dressed as a pirate.
John shook his head, sitting down at the kitchen table with a mug, stirring milk into his tea. "How did you know who it was then?"
"Oh my god you were dead." The girl John was with had finally managed to speak. She didn't sound disbelieving, merely surprised.
Sherlock smirked and flagged down a cab. "Unassuming rule-breaker of a nerd." He looked to John. "And right now we're dealing with one theater kid, and two unknowns."
"I was there at the end of last year, just before I was supposed to leave Hogwarts." Sherlock was silent for a moment. "Lucky, really that I wasn't expelled. I didn't think that Dumbledore or Mycroft had anyway of fighting against Moriarty's plan to prove I was a fake at academics.
Sherlock sighed, pried her off him. "I need everything to continue how it was. Or as close as it can be." He met her eyes. "Thank you tho, Molly."
"We won't let him see any of the other photos," John said, and Sherlock looked up, meeting John's eyes, the clear grey ones cold and hard with resolution. "We'll get them away from Irene, and we'll keep you safe."
Mr Watson frowned. "Magic," he sighed, after a beat, shaking his head. Smiling faintly, he let Sherlock pass him.
"Oh, please, Mrs Hudson, out of all of us, you've known him the longest. You even met him before Greg Lestrade, and he seems to know alot about Sherlock..."
"Didn't know we were doing a double date today," Sally said, smiling at Sherlock, who flushed. John laughed.
"I wouldn't mind a double date with them," John said, smiling offhandedly. Sherlock blinked. "Just not anytime soon."
"Oh, we're home," Sherlock breathed faintly, sounding relieved a little while later. John looked out at 221b, the boarded up windows letting out little light.
"Slytherins still don't have a thing for me," Sherlock said lightly. "Or you, Quidditch Captain this year and there to ring in their defeat--"
Sherlock and John sat on the small couch and John looked to Sherlock. "They couldn't steal a laptop or whatever from here?" he said under his breath.
Sherlock tried to think of Mycroft naked to keep himself from shouting with laughter again. "you're mad."
Sherlock shook his head. "no. I'll be alright." He looked at Lestrade. "Thanks for putting me up last night."
"Sherlock would be incapable of that," John said, smiling faintly as Sherlock opened his mouth to argue. "We did come to ask you about William Fischer, though."
Sherlock crept into the room where they had first met Irene Adler, and made his way over to the chair she'd sat in, reaching for the cushion and scowling when he found nothing there. He looked up a fraction of a second too late and Irene Adler's foot collided with his face.
"Of course not. You're only human." He grinned, preening like an immortal cockatiel. "It takes roughly 1-2 hours for blood in that volume to dry completely, which means we arrived within the hour of her death. That makes it very possible that the killer alerted the police herself as soon as she was finished with her victim. She’s proud, arrogant. She wants her work to be seen.”
“My step-daughter Amelia is such a sweet girl. I-I’d just hate it if something… happened to her. I mean- she’s probably fine. Occasionally she goes out to see friends and things but It’s been days. I just get so worried.” A man in an expensive yet casual suit blubbered from the sofa. As he fidgeted with his hands, John eyed the rolex around his wrist. This was going to be a good pay-off. “Her mother has been away visiting family for a few weeks and I don’t know how I could possibly tell her if Amelia didn’t come back. Please, Mr. Holmes. Could you help me?”
“I swear to god. I will kick your nose off.” John grumbled into his pillow, threateningly jerking his foot.
"It's fine. Just let me sleep." He tried to jerk his arm back into his own possession again and failed.
"Did you find something?" John asked stiffly, getting irritated with hearing the same line over and over again.
Next chapter is going to be our favorite duo's first case!! (Or at least the start of it. I haven't got it finished yet so I'm not sure.)
John risked a glance behind him. The father of the kidnapped children looked rather normal. His hair was just barely starting to grey and his face was lined from years of kindly smiles. Circumstances aside, he seemed like he could've been a reasonable man. Except now there was murder in his eyes and John severely doubted a nice conversation would help much. The room was filled with the dizzying harmonies of the kidnapped children’s fear and their father’s anger. The sound wasn’t at all like it was on the videos. It was strong and pure, less like a hum and more like a finger pulled around the rim of a crystal glass in the center of an amphitheater. It seemed to have an effect on everyone in the room. The kidnapper was shaking so hard, John feared he might either liquify on the spot or have a muscle spasm and pull the trigger on accident. The army doctor manage to hold himself together, but it was taking a significant amount of effort to ignore the sway of the room. Sherlock stood against it like a cliff against a raging storm.
“How did I… React to the body parts in the fridge? Or the skull on the mantelpiece? Or the sodding murder cases?” John grumbled, baffled by his friend’s lack of faith in him. “It’s not like I didn’t know you’re vampire, Sherlock. Stop being ridiculous.”
Sherlock crawled out of bed with audible displeasure. “I don’t know why it’s your bed all of the sudden. Technically, we split on it.”
“Why? What’s wrong with Molly?” John asked from his place against the doorframe. He’d been put on tea-brewing duty. Although Sherlock declined any offer off blood, he was still perfectly willing to drink tea. So they brewed it up by the pot. He’d drunk at least a gallon so far.
John sighed, remembering the long hours they wasted that day trying to extract even the smallest pieces of information from these people. “They could be up to their necks in serial killers and they wouldn’t have enough sense to notice.”
“No. No, it’s not. You’re entering into this… arrangement completely blind. If I don’t explain these things to you, someone could get seriously hurt.” Sherlock explained, the strained tone of his voice giving off the impression that he wasn’t too keen on this either. “I wish I was in a better position to do this yesterday, but I’m afraid the whole ordeal left me rather… vulnerable. So… uh… I’m not actually sure where to begin, actually.”
“Secret organization, my foot.” John chuckled sharply, shutting the door a little too hard behind him.
I still have my Sym playlist up and running. I occasionally still add stuff to it. Keep in mind, not all of the songs are Johnlocky. There are a few songs which I consider very Sheriarty or Viclock and some which have nothing to do with John or Sherlock, but reminded me strongly of the vampires in this universe and their overall relationship with humanity.
221b looked deserted when he entered. He figured Mrs. Hudson had already gone to bed and Sherlock was still off chasing that murderer. A worry nagged at the back of his exhausted mind, but he ignored it in favor of tackling the gargantuan task of hiking the staircase. It was by far the most daunting task of the day.
"Sleep well?" Sherlock asked as John picked up his morning cup of tea from the kitchen table, where it sat every morning. The vampire was dressed in the same suit he wore yesterday. He still smelled faintly of italian restuarant and blood. A violin perched on his shoulder like he was born with it. He looked fresh as a daisy in a detergent commercial and John hated it.
"Oh." John said, suddenly feeling like an idiot. "Right. So... do all vam- uh I mean, Do all of you do that?"
“Atropa Belladonna. Beautiful death.” Sherlock muttered to himself as he pulled on his gloves, carefully plucking a few flowers and leaves and pressing them between the pages. “Surprisingly enough, a close cousin to the common potato.”
They had a nice brisk walk down the country side, neither of them speaking until the town looked like the contents of an expensive snow globe.
Most were drawings. Rough sketches of noses or ears or vaguely humanoid figures with scribbles of notes on the edges and splashes of soft watercolors. But there were some rough paintings scattered through the collection as well.
“Oh, are you trying to punish me now? Is that it?” Sherlock whined in the most punchable tone possible.
He was hardly conscious enough to feel Sherlock's mouth wander down his forearm to his hand, sucking and licking the skin clean. "Hmm. It should be a crime to let your blood go to waste.  Ooh, if that damn painter didn't have a death sentence in her future, I'd kill her myself." He locked his mouth around the soldier's wrist, irreverently pressing his teeth into the delicate flesh. Not hard enough to break the skin, just to feel the heat of him against his tongue.
“You don’t have to do this, Miyamoto.” Sherlock told the raging vampire in the doorway, his back to the masked man with the gun. John just glared at the shaking kidnapper, daring him to shoot. There wasn’t much he could do as he had no weapons more potent than his bare hands, but he’d be damned if he went down without at least landing a punch. “You don’t want his blood on your hands.”
“You know, there’s always a higher authority. In fact, I have contact with an organization which deals with exactly this issue. They deal with… unusual circumstances such as these. Just call them as soon as it happens and they’ll be there to investigate within minutes.” Sherlock lied through his teeth, writing his own number on the back of a crumpled receipt.
"Oh, please, Sherlock." John put down his quill and met his friend's eyes. "I know sometimes it seems I'm not fully on board. But I'm serious when I say I wanna help. Even if I get angry sometimes or stopped talking to you in the past," he said quietly.
"I hate you," he spat, his breath catching and he coughed, choking, and wondering if his ribs were in worse condition than he'd figured.
"Do you think he'd want me to?" Too late, Sherlock caught the eagerness in his voice and looked down into the depths of his pumkin juice, scowling at Molly's laugh.
Sherlock looked over to where John was sitting to see Mary come over and kiss John on the forehead. John laughed, smiled. She looked up to meet eyes with Sherlock. Sherlock looked away. "I'm leaving it open to him," he murmured.
William went white in the face, then flushed heavily red as he sat down. "Did Irene show you the photos?" he whispered.
"My dad's heading out to see some family in America. I'm glad, really. I hate traveling." He smiled as Sally sat beside him and passed him a butterbeer.
