“A’ight,” he mumbled. “Charlie – don’t get yourself killed with Bobby, eh? And keep everyone safe, I sent my best people with you. Sammy, we’re off.”
"I guess so," said Castiel. "It's on February fourteenth. Why would they do a Halloween themed Valentine's day?"
“That sentence didn’t make any sense.” She glared at him. “Alright, alright. I’ll stop. If you help me. Why does my talkin’ about him bother you so much, anyway? I mean, I bet his jawline
“Since your father died?” Castiel asked. Dean’s eyes skipped to his face, and then skimmed across the faces around them again.
He wasn’t sure what to do after they left. He didn’t have the patience for schoolwork, and he couldn’t stand the sight of home anymore.
“Cheating.” Dean smiled. And then he did something that made Cas stop stretching, and look down at him with confusion: he started climbing up Cas’ box.
They sat on the couch, holding hands in silence for a long time, because neither of them was willing to let go.
Dean followed his best friend like a beacon in a sea of plastic beer cups washed in a red light emanating from lamps decorated with spider webs. Cas led to Charlie, who, dressed as a warrior queen, looked up and down the pair of them with visible suspicion.
Dean laughed tightly. “Okay. Make fun of me. But you know, I thought it could make for a cool gift to keep in your room and also, uh, take around with you.”
Behind him, the sail spread along the back side of the ship and out into the open – and tied to it, some few feet outside the ledges of the ship, was a length of rope.
"Yeah," said Dean. "Yeah." He tilted his torso in the direction she was looking to block her sight. “So. Two tickets, please.”
“Spin the Bottle isn’t really a Halloween activity,” he pointed out, but it didn’t have much effect, being said while he was being dragged to the center of the room, where a circle was forming right below the chandelier. Cas had no choice but to follow.
The creature’s face twisted with something that was both panic and frustration. And then, in a matter of seconds, to Castiel’s horrified eyes, it changed its form. Now, with Castiel’s voice, it called, “Coming!”
He didn’t have much to do these days. In the royal training rooms, he practiced with the sword every day. He ate tedious dinners with his brother, his father and his advisers. He missed Cas. And then he went to sleep.
DISCLAIMER for this chapter: this was written from Dean's fear-of-flights personal perspective. The portrayal of flight and airplanes in this chapter does NOT represent the true experience. Airplanes are safe :)
The car wasn’t stable. It tipped toward the railing and back, not quite wildly enough to be dangerous, but enough for Castiel to put an end to this before it started.
Come night, the temperature dropped. Having listened to the chatter of the crew all day, Castiel caught a few other names – Crowley, Balthazar, Ash, Jess. Everyone seemed to have a task which, to Castiel’s bewilderment, they carried out willingly, but more baffling was the way they blindly followed the man who called himself their captain. He barely had to say a word and they were there – some without hesitation, some grudgingly, but it was clear as day: the man was a leader.
and the man disappeared. Castiel fell to the ground to Dean’s feet, who was holding a crowbar in both hands, as though he had just hauled it at something.
Dean read through the pages for a few moments. “I’mma give this to you, Cas,” he said. “These are prostitutes. Diverse prostitutes. He’s combining elements of Iberian and African art.”
"One week after we moved in," said Dean. His phone vibrated. "Hold on," he said and answered it. "Hey." he stood up and walked to the kitchen. "What's up?" he tried to sound casual rather than embarrassingly anxious.
“I’m not afraid of people,” said Cas. “They’re just people. The stronger they want you to think they are, the weaker they actually are.”
“We’ve got to leave tomorrow at ten for the show, so I think I can stay late today,” Castiel said. “What do you feel like doing?”
Dean eyed him suspiciously, but he was grinning. And for a moment, it was like Christmas had never happened, and the unfamiliar tension between them fizzled out.
Startled, the demon lost the strength of her grip momentarily. Dean knocked the knife out of her hand.
“Bobby's a grown man,” Castiel replied. “He can look after himself. Sam’s growing up, and he has to be the one in control of his life. Charlie’s her own person. You don't have to carry everyone on your shoulders.” He paused. “Is that how you feel about me? That you have to carry me?”
Charlie eyed him. He watched the counter. If she was judging him, he couldn’t see it, therefore she wasn’t judging him.
“Alright,” said Castiel, smiling now. It was a relief that Dean didn’t seem too eager to have eye contact, because his own gaze was coming off a little softer than he’d intended on showing.
He sighed and put the glass he’s been drying too excessively on a shelf. It was almost five and Charlie’s shift was about to begin, which meant she would appear out the staff door any moment now – and there she was. She practically skipped in his direction and settled by the coffee maker, waiting for him to take a customer’s order.
He looked down at the flight attendant. Then he looked at the three faces staring at him from the entrance to the plane sleeve. Claire waved him over with an impatient frown. He could practically hear her internal
“Take what you can get. I’ll pick you up the last day of classes, eight p.m. It’s a couple hours’ drive.” He stood up and reached for the door. With his hand on the handle, he turned around. “Thanks,” he said. Cas nodded at him. And that was their last conversation for the next month.
Walking to Castiel's room, Dean looked around at everything with awe. Maybe he was wishing he were able to see these halls around him every day. Castiel didn’t ask.
He followed Dean to the parking lot. It was late, and the lot was nearly empty. They walked towards an old, black, very shiny Chevrolet.
He thought about what she’d told him when he ignored Chuck’s calls. In spite of himself, he could feel that her words had an effect, settled in his brain and nudged something there, something that said,
It was everywhere in his mind, everywhere in his body – the way Cas looked at him was magnetizing, ocean eyes aflame.
Autumn had come and gone without change. It was past Christmas, past the New Year, and he was still letting bullies pick on him to avoid attracting attention, doing his homework to avoid getting a yelling from his mother, begging Mary for a word from his father to avoid going out of his mind, but whenever he asked about John the most he got was a halfhearted answer and a silent treatment. He couldn’t really blame her when he was the reason her husband was in prison.
Dean was barely listening to her mediocre-at-best imitation of him. He looked into the envelope, and there it was – his long-awaited employee card.
“Listen here, Honey Bear,” Dean said, his voice seeping irony, but calmer and more rational now that they didn’t have much of a crowd. He crossed his arms against his chest. “It’s a simple situation. You’ve got a treasure map, and we’re pirates. I don’t wanna kill you – I really don’t. You’ve got that whole… raw sexual magnetism thing going on. But I’m the Cap here for a reason. I gotta be fair to my people. And being fair in Pirate means…” He shrugged. “Well, gold. Tons of gold. Also chicks. And cheese.” He was beginning to list types of cheese when one of their escorts cleared their throat.
Back at the apartment, Sam sprung to his feet when they opened the door, hope in his eyes. Castiel shook his head slightly at his urgent look. He took in the blood on the two men’s clothes, their expressions.
But Dean looked too nervous for it to be a satanic rituals class. It seemed like he thought it was something entirely different. And surely, a moment later, Ms. Mills made eye contact with him, tilting her chin towards him and waving him over.
“Great,” he said. It was thick with dishonesty. He took a breath and remembered he should go easy on the boy; he was finally talking to someone Dean’s disappearance hit just as hard as it hit him – maybe harder. He knew Bobby loved Dean like his own – but maybe he didn’t need him as much. Wasn’t as dependent on his comforting presence as a teenage brother or a broken lover.
Dean raised an eyebrow, though he wasn’t sure the gesture was visible behind the pink. “Is that a challenge?”
“Um…” Castiel shifted in his chair. He got an advice for job interviews once: whatever it was that they asked you to do, always say yes. Then figure out how you’re going to do it. “I have some skills. I’m responsible, hardworking, and although I don’t have much experience, I’d…”
“So what’s the assignment?” Cas asked. He didn’t seem very impressed with their surroundings. Maybe he’d been here before. Maybe he went here every weekend. It would just be him and the birds. He’d probably like that; he seemed like a weirdo, even though he kept looking at Dean like
“I don’t understand that reference,” Castiel furrowed his eyebrows, but he moved on; if he stopped to think every time Dean made a comment that baffled him, he’d never catch up. “There are no satanic rituals. We’re going to Scotland; we need a sample of blood from the Loch Ness Monster.”
“Think less of you because you dropped out?” Castiel asked. Dean shrugged, and now he actually couldn’t help himself. He took Dean’s hand, and squeezed it.
He grabbed a couple of mugs and carried them into the sink. Chuck took the pencil off his head and scribbled something onto his page.
“Go away,” he hissed, but it was too late. His mother was in hugging range now, and she charged ferociously.
“Put them back at once,” he said through his teeth. The guy just shrugged, enjoying a nougat filled heart shaped chocolate with a coconut cream glaze.
“I dropped out,” Dean explained unwillingly. “But then I got my diploma just one year later. Really, it worked out.”
Then Cas’ eyes shifted back to him, saw the look in his eyes, and it happened. The point of no return.
Castiel was nothing like Charlie had described him: he wasn’t dorky or awkward, he wasn’t nerdy or annoyingly aloof or painfully sarcastic.
He couldn’t look at the bed for too long. His father looked old like this, with his head limp on the pillow, much older than he had this morning. And a little frightening with this grayness to his skin, like the life had been knocked out of him. “He just got out of surgery. It should take a couple of hours until a doctor checks on him again. Then we’ll know more.” For the most part, he was reciting the nurses’ words. He didn’t know what
“Thanks for the reassurance,” Dean muttered. He looked up at the rocky wall that rose before them and collapsed into narrow tunnels here and there, like a multiple-nostriled monster. “At least that means we know the treasure is still there.”
It did bother him a little, he supposed, but they were at Dean’s house, and he stepped out of the car without saying anything. His hair was a damp mess and he flattened it, squeezing the water out. When they finally entered the house, Dean gave him a dry sweater and some clean socks.
Dean glanced outside at the snooty bookstore. He knew who she was talking about when he saw him; some guy from school, blue eyes, dark hair, tall. Almost as tall as Dean. He’d been mentioned between the three of them before, way before the schoolyear started and Dean came to know who he was. There wasn’t much to do at Dick’s during summer break beside gossip about the other employees they saw every day through the display window. Cas had stopped working around the beginning of summer break, which was right when Dean’s family showed up around here, and he’d gotten his job at Dick’s. He’d never said more than a hello to the other employees around the block, and still he knew all about them. This was the small, middle-of-nowhere kind of town, and no piece of information was left untalked about in it.
“No one’s around,” Cas remarked blandly. “Probably because you’re so reluctant to give out information about your work.”
“So… Was he a good kisser?” It was a dumb question, but it was hard to come up with small talk topics when Cas’ words wouldn’t leave his mind. (and he needed to know. For research purposes.)
“I think your trip idea was good," he said to a street light they were standing by. "We should do that.”
His eyes dropped to his phone, trying to avoid further questioning. He had one message from Cas; a time and a place, later this evening, after his shift at the flower shop.
They walked side by side silently. Dean opened the passenger door for his brother, and closed it after him. He leaned against his car, smiling at Castiel halfheartedly.
“Yeah, well, you haven't spent the holidays with a bunch of hunters before,” said Dean. “Winchester holidays are something special.”
“Your ex who you dated when you were sixteen and had the nastiest breakup with, and has since been your best friend, asked you to manage his dating life. And you said
“You’re not,” Dean said. It came out flat. “It would have never worked between us.” He rolled over to face away from Cas and readjusted his pillow. “Good night.”
. He shook his head. “Now we're here, and it might be tempting fate, but I feel like there's nothing we can't take over because we've pretty much been through every worst case scenario possible.”
“Can’t have a treasure without you, can I?” Dean cut him off stiffly. Somewhere along the conversation they’d stopped walking. They stood now, face to face, the torch’s flame reflecting in Dean’s green eyes and merging into a captivating mixture of jade and fire.
The calm was so vast around him that for a moment he felt lost, adrift with the wind like a stray leaf.
Dean watched his face warily. If he was feeling anything, his expression did not indicate it. “Are you upset?”
“Having fun?” He asked, lifting a punch cup Castiel could tell he hadn’t taken a single sip out of, and pulling up a friendly smile.
“…To describe the result rather than describing the action,” Naomi was saying. “For example, instead of saying, ‘I touched his face’, I’ll say, ‘his face was warm underneath my fingers’. Which brings me to our next assignment.”
“Yeah, well, I’d take him to Crowley’s escape room, but I’m pretty sure about one of every ten people going there doesn’t come back out. Have you noticed that? Anyway, he’s not picking up.” Dean hung up the phone.
Something plummeted in Castiel’s stomach like a heavy rock through water. “What will you do?” He asked finally.
With a swift gesture of his head, Castiel signaled Dean to follow him and the retreated up the tunnel.
So, while Becky was still roaming about, all alien eyes on her, he started running. As fast as he could. He got to Dean and he felt it: that was it. This was the moment that would determine whether all his efforts were ever worth anything.
“I hope you don’t mind me sitting with you. It’s just hard to find a decent desk-mate… Oh, you don’t have to share your book. I’ll just listen.” He paused, and looked at Castiel. “Cas?”
Actually, he should watch the interview before he writes Dean back, anyway. He clicks the link and leans back in his chair.
Happiness in their long conversations. Happiness in their quiet looks. Happiness even in the burn and ache in Dean's chest, knowing that things were so much better this way and still wishing it could have been more, wishing he could somehow take this profound, forgiving relationship they had now and combine it with the kissing and the laughing and the touching, without all the bad stuff, without the yelling and the fighting and the hurting, hurting, hurting.
Dean sighed. He didn’t say anything for a while. Maybe he was thinking about how stupid it was that students stayed up for hours to study and then got punished for being late or falling asleep in class.
“He’s nice,” he said, looking somewhere that wasn’t quite Dr. Hanscum and wasn’t quite Cas but was rather mostly rug. “He'll help you out without needing a reason, though he'll-”
“Well, I am,” Dean started saying, and stopped short, because this argument wasn’t valid anymore and he knew it. They were both the same age now.
Each freaking corner of the world seems to be decorated with flowers and heart-shaped paper cutouts today. People are kissing and smiling and buying each other chocolates. A girl smiles at him flirtatiously and he’s actually embarrassed for her for being as desperate as to hit on a guy in his pajamas and a dead look in his eyes at the supermarket.
“Because I’m a meek and delicate woman,” she answered, slumping down into a chair and lifting her feet onto another. “Whose strength doesn’t hold a candle to your powerful man muscles.” She laid unimpressed eyes on his arms.
It was a long drive. Dean picked him up Thursday afternoon, and they drove to get Sam from his school.
“The committee has spoken!” Dean exclaimed with in same dramatic outburst as before. As if that was a perfectly good answer to Castiel’s argument, or perhaps an assurance that a sensible answer will not be provided, he patted Castiel’s injured shoulder and stood up.
Like the last piece that was finally put into the puzzle. How could someone fake that? How could a monster fake it?
“Fine,” he said. They could talk about it later. They took a seat at a table facing the window. “So what
They’d agreed on it, in the loose meaning of the term. They would find a way to bring Dean back, Castiel had said, and Sam couldn’t bear to see his brother burn. The disagreement was on Bobby’s part. He’d called them both idiots with a ‘j’ and said what they had in mind wasn’t possible, and if it was, they didn’t want to pay the price. He’d said, take an old man’s words for it who’s been in the field longer than both your lifetimes combined. It’s not worth it.
“Is that true?” Asked Dr. Hanscum. Castiel couldn’t see her expression, because his head was buried in his hands.
“What’s the answer?” The girl asked in a hushed voice. “To the riddle? Where does the king keep his armies?”
“I’ll pick you up tomorrow night,” said Dean, pointing at him. “Dress up nice. I’m taking you on a fake date.”
, to which Dean replied, “Guess I’ll have to show you again,” and he pulled Castiel closer, his fingers tangling in Castiel’s hair, and Castiel was completely aware that Dean wasn’t just demonstrating anymore, not with this amount of tongue.
Dean pulled backwards defensively. "Will you chill? I can't even say one sentence without you holding it against me."
April had a Fun Mom energy, which was weird, because she was seventeen. Behind her, someone stepped inside and stood awkwardly by the door.
He didn’t know what Kevin meant. He couldn’t imagine not talking to Dean for a week. He supposed they just weren’t that kind of couple. Sure, they had fights, and they had problems, and they annoyed each other, but they always worked through it. It was always painfully apparent how much they wanted one another to stick around. And now he was wanting Dean there, missing his jokes, his touch, his genuine smile that went all the way up to his eyes.
So that’s about it. He won’t tell Dean how he feels. Everything will be like it was before, and he’ll just… never know whether he ever had a chance.
That night, more than ever, he was struggling to clear his mind. Around him whirled dancers and servants carrying trays of food and drink. In his stiff suit, he located his brother within the crowd of extravagant guests and made way towards him. He nearly made his escape when his aunt appeared before him.
“Really, you’re a hero,” Castiel’s voice was seeping irony. “But that doctor doesn’t seem to show up.”
“You’re almost done.” That was the first thing the lady said. “Quiet, please. You’re almost going home. But before that, here’s what we’re going to do.”
Dean wasn’t texting him as much anymore. In fact, come Thursday night, he realized Dean hadn’t texted him at all that day. And he hadn’t texted Dean.
“Kiss me,” Dean blurted, without thought. It wasn’t his fault, really, when those were the only two words left in his mind. Every other thought was devoted to Cas’ hands, to his eyes, to his hair, and to a conscious effort not to drop Yellow from his hand.
Cas pulled a clean shirt on and Dean’s eyes slid away. The trail of a sentence someone had mumbled behind him snaked into his brain.
It lasted about five seconds. And then the power was back on, and dozens of machines beeped around them. A nurse rushed to Chuck's bed.
“Him,” she called over the mayhem of the party, and people turned to look. She carved a path through them with sharp shoulders until she was standing in front of Dean, tears in her eyes, speaking loud enough for everyone to hear over the music. “He did this. He stole my boyfriend.”
“Is it?” Asked Cas. “You always get whoever you want. And they’re always great, because you make good dating choices.”
Cas didn't answer. Just looked at him with the intensity Dean was convinced no one in the world could say no to.
“It’s satin,” Dean called back from the ladder. “Hi,” he said to the huge guy who waited for him with a knife at the top. “Could you help me up?”
He opened the cabinet and went through it. The first item was expired. So was the second. And the third.
Something stuck in his throat. It was a weird, semi-real feeling; he wasn’t usually as connected to his body in his dreams. But this was... Was this-
“Just ‘cause-“ his voice broke and he took a sharp breath, and for a second it looked like he was about to cry. But he pulled himself together, and said, “I’m gonna tell you something I never planned on telling anyone in my life.”
“It is a big school,” Dean repeated. April gave them the stink eye for as long as she could maintain it.
“I bet her name is Precious,” said Garth, and Meg pointed at him, to stress her point. “Or Darling, or Kitty, and she bakes cookies every Friday and has a goldfish called Mr. Fizzles.”
Dean sat down on the bed with his legs crossed. “I’mma miss this bed. It’s so much comfier than mine. On second thought, this move isn’t exactly an upgrade for you. Maybe I should have moved in with you and your dad. That wouldn’t be weird.” He picked a crumpled page off the floor, throwing it up and catching it. Then he un-crumpled it.
“Sorry I didn’t back you up earlier,” she said that night on their way back from dinner. “But after pretending to date one of you for a week, I wasn’t going to pretend to date another one of you for three years... You know.”
“It was shut down ten years ago,” said Dean. “But I used to go there all the time with my family before they closed it.”
No, wait; it wasn’t just his face that was glowing. It was his expression. And like this, he looked more beautiful than any girl Castiel had ever seen.
Castiel shook his head. “Look down,” he shouted back. Dean seemed to be at war with himself at the instruction, but he managed to look past his dragon’s head and down at the mountains.
“Nothing I’ve seen before, eh?” Dean nodded his head at his brother, and Sam walked back to the ship.
About twenty minutes into Ms. Mills’ diploma-handing session, Meg came over and pulled him by the arm. His mind was too preoccupied for his heart to leap nervously at her touch. Dean pulled up a third chair by her table, and Castiel sat in it heavily.
Dean grabbed the card and whatever cash he could find in his wallet. “I’d rather eat at a restaurant run by rats controlling people by their hair as long as it isn’t named after a genital.”
They stayed for the funeral. The day after, Michael said they should probably go. So Castiel found himself once again in the car with his father, listening to the soft whoosh of the A/C.
“Here’s a picture of your parents that I stole from the hospital records, Claire. Can you say mama?”
“Stole it from my brother,” said Dean. “He’d kill me if he knew I know he has it.” He glanced around nervously, just to have somewhere else to look. “It’s gonna be a shame not to be able to see this place while being here.”
Visiting hours had almost ended when Dean got his visitor. He sat down hard on the metal chair and picked up the receiver.
“I’m sure you did well,” Dean smiled at him, speaking quietly over the squabble that ensued. His arm disappeared from Castiel’s shoulder, and he reached for his water bottle. “Thank God for the winter dance,” he said, taking a swig. Castiel eyed him.
“I have,” he said. “Last week, during my shift, this group of five old ladies came in and only four of them came out. They said they lost Betty and that she probably went home because of her bad hip.”
“We’ll dock the ship in the nearest beach city, go on a supply run, the usual deal. In and out. I’ll, uh… I’ll take care of the rest.”
“No. He was saying, ‘French fries’. It was a long shot, but I thought it might be something that stood out to him about someone he was talking to.”
The students around Dean scrambled to get to the best flowers first, all sighing and gasping in anticipation. He almost admired their passion for something so utterly useless.
Dean put a roll of duct tape in his hands. “Okay. Here’s a sentence I never thought I’d say to a guy,” he said. “Tie me up, Cas.”
“I think we learned a lot from this exercise,” Dr. Hanscum said, in the manner of someone who did not think we learned a lot from this exercise.
At that, Castiel let out a huff of air. “You can’t be serious,” he groaned. “What kind of pirate ship
The cashier. Not the old man. And he was looking to be in a murderous mood. The perfect person to aggravate right now. Dean touched his pen to paper, instantly motivated to finish his homework and move on to more important things.
Chuck sighed, as if it was a mission almost out of his abilities – and maybe it was. But he got up slowly, and they made their way into the kitchen.
He reached for the handle, just to make sure, although if the door opened, he – and more so, whoever had taken last night’s shift – would be in deep trouble.
“Maybe not for other people,” said Dean. “But I can't – and God knows I've tried before – I can't think of anyone who would fit me better.” The look in his eyes was so intense that Castiel thought he might cry. Then he said, “Okee, your turn.”
"I mean, what time is better to play this than right before getting married?" Dean raised his eyebrows. "Come on. Be a pal."
It wasn’t that he was mad at Cas. Hell, this is what he’d asked Cas to do – and he was doing a damn well job – he just wished having a partner wasn’t such a big deal, like it meant that he was happy or something. What if Cas was
“A college student and a hunter against some big knot?” Asked Dean and sat down on the carpet. “I’ll take my chances.” He tugged on Castiel’s sweater sleeve. “Come on. Shit’s about to get festive.”
“Sit,” he said and pointed with his blade at the dining chairs. His voice came out shaky. He cleared his throat and shook off the sleep.
She looked at Dean like he knew exactly what he’d done. Everyone else looked at him like he must’ve known what he’d done, otherwise he wouldn’t be getting yelled at.
“This one’s so much worse,” said Dean, his eyes already on his phone. “Punishment for adultery for men could entail burning the-“ He paused to wheeze, glancing up at Castiel- “Burning the hair from their anus with hot ash and… God, I can’t read this. I can’t do this to your innocent ears.”
“I didn’t want to ask a personal question in front of everyone,” he explained. Dean shoved his hands into the pockets of his oversized hoodie. It didn’t make him look smaller, exactly – but maybe just a little precious.
Winchester. Dean Winchester. Of all the handsome young strangers in the kingdom, he has somehow managed to make an enemy – or befriend? – the one foreign spy he was designated to murder.
“The question we should be asking is, I believe,” said Metatron carefully, “where is the gold, and how can we get to it?”
“What happens when you get to the top?” Balthazar asked. Castiel eyed Lucifer suspiciously as the man looked him over and murmured to himself, ”sittable.”
“You’re just on time,” he grinned and gave them both a hug. “Come in. Ellen and Jo aren’t here yet.”
It was about time to eat a homecooked meal. It was about time to drive his car. It was about time to hug the people he loved. The people who never gave up on him.
The coach clapped her hands together, and everyone filed into the locker room. Dean peeled his shirt off and shoved it into his backpack, putting on a fresh one. A couple of guys murmured something behind him. He hauled his bag onto one shoulder, catching a glimpse of Cas tugging his shirt off and letting it fall onto the bench. He looked pretty good. Dean’s mind flashed back to the first week of school, when he’d looked at Cas through the window of Dick’s with his coworkers, and he felt another surge of insecurity. He couldn’t tell why, out of a room full of half-naked guys he didn’t spare a second thought, this person always made him feel so self-conscious.
The door to Cas’ room had a sign on it that read in red and black: ‘Stay away, demons’. Dean didn’t know whether the person who put it there was Cas or his roommate, Balthazar. Standing before it, Dean straightened his shirt and put his fist up to the door, taking in a nervous breath before he brought his fist to the door. It flew open mid-knock.
for something wrong with them, a reason to break it off. How Cas looked up to him, to his dating choices. How he’d gotten this reputation among his friends of someone who had a way around the ladies. This reputation he’d created for himself by relentlessly going out on dates, showing interest in anyone but who he was really interested in. And what stopped Cas from seeing him this way, except he himself?
“A mythical phenomenon, your Kingness,” said another adviser, Asmodeus, swirling the end of his mustache between two fingers.
“We’ll be out of your way,” said Dean and started making his way above containers and out of the room.
What she didn't realize was that believing Dean was dead was the easy choice. It made the most sense. It was his first instinct since they'd gone into that damn warehouse. And to fight that instinct, to still grasp on to a shred of hope that there was a way to bring Dean back, took all the energy he had.
“But I’m bored,” she said in protest. She turned to Dean again. “You guys doing anything for Valentine’s Day?”
“If you say so,” she said skeptically, and kept writing. “How was that painting called, with the two people kissing with a fabric covering their heads?”
A fleeting, scandalous notion went through Dean’s mind – that maybe, if he told Cas this kind of talk bothered him, Cas would stop. Stop recounting the worst of his experiences around cheap diner tables, or enveloped in the darkness of movie theaters, all with this or another random person he’d met at the supermarket or ran into in the school hallway. But that wouldn’t change anything, because Cas would still be dating these people, whether he was talking about them with Dean or not.
“Yes. It’s no big deal. These things happen to every guy sometimes, it’s almost common. You just need to understand that what we do is really important for the cause, Castiel. If a few people that didn't deserve it get hurt on the way… That’s just what we have to do for our people.”
“I don’t see anything.” And he tried to sound reassuring, but it came out nervous. He couldn’t see anything but trees and darkness and the neighbors’ lights outside the window. Did children have super-vision? He’d have to ask Dean that.
Meg looked at him with regret in her eyes, realizing she’d disclosed a piece of information the rest of them had no idea about. “...Right.”
In the dark, they crossed the hall running, a squad of soldiers on their trail. With one set of pajamas, a pair of boxers and two blades, they made their escape.
He hated that anyone should feel this way - that the public deserves an opinion about whomever they had a weakness for, whomever their stomach chose to twist at the sight of.
“’Their eyes were burned to a crisp in an unexplained attack’,” Castiel kept reading, more quietly. Dean walked over and looked at the screen behind his shoulder. “’The cause of death is still unclear’.” He scrolled down to a picture. The area around the bodies’ eyes was completely black. “What does that?”
"Pizza," Dean called. "Pizza." He walked to the door rigidly and accepted two boxes, placing them on the coffee table. Claire returned from the kitchen with her hand clean of remaining blood. She tugged Jack onto the sofa silently.
He types Dean’s email address into the Gmail search box and scrolls. He stops around August of last year, and starts scrolling more carefully.
It was almost six in the morning, and he was too tired to think clearly. He kneeled down before the bed and shook Cas.
“You know, you might have asked me here because you didn't want to go,” he said, “But I said yes because I actually liked you.”
It occurred to Castiel, really hit him now for the first time, that this might not have a happy ending. That he might not see the end of this night. That he didn’t know any of the aliens’ plans, not really, and these might be his very last minutes to say something, to do something that wasn’t related to weird, jiggly space people. He took Dean’s hand, and with a lump in his throat, said the last words he possibly wanted to say.
“A palm sized spider,” Dean snored. “Yeah, and you’re Thor Odinson.” Just in case, though, he ran a hand through his hair. The spider hung just above his fingers.
At the front of the room, their teacher was preparing cups of punch, with the help of the librarian and a couple others – Naomi, the vice president, and Metatron, a self-assured junior.
Then the pain hit Dean’s face, and he came to his senses. Gordon’s next punch was laid-back, effortless, and to say it was satisfying to see the bewilderment spreading across his face when Dean dodged it swiftly was an understatement. He ducked to dodge the next punch, and retaliated with one of his own. It was so forceful that Gordon’s head shot backwards. Finally Dean’s buzzing fingers, his itch to fight, were being put into good use.
“Now? That’s…” But he was already tearing the paper carefully, looking inside. “…A dagger.” He took it out of the wrapping, confused. “It’s a dagger.”
“What?” Dean looks around them, gaping at the signs above. “Cas, I think I’m… What platform is this?”
He looked around the room and sighed. There was much more to do than he’d imagined. He hadn’t thought packing one room could possibly take more than a day. But it wasn’t just packing. It was organizing, and sorting, and throwing things out, and finding things you didn’t even know were there-
“You wouldn’t believe this, okay?” said Dean. “This woman came up to me and started talking to me about her husband thinking he's an angel and then she said ‘hold this’ and just gave her to me. Said she had to find her husband and just disappeared.”
There was no holiday coming up. No birthday, no special occasion. Nothing. So when he called his father and asked him to have a family dinner, Chuck asked,
The actual circumstances didn't have much more to them than it seemed. They had met on a bench, and now they were here. That was, in the most extensive way of telling the story, pretty much it.
Castiel sat up, taking a moment to process the headache that hit him like someone pushed him head-first into a pool, and looked around for a clock. It was just past five in the morning.
“Cas.” Dean’s eyes were a forest in an afternoon sun. He leaned closer, and the light from the window made his freckled face glow. “Are you asking me on a frate?”
“Good for you.” Dean checked his phone. “I have four minutes, man. Please. This is my last chance to save face here.”
He got out of the car and climbed up the stairs, knocking on Dean’s door. He checked his phone while he waited: he was two minutes earlier than he’d told Dean he’d be there. Was that weird? He knocked again. Maybe Dean was in the shower, and was waiting for a minute and forty seconds to pass before he came out. That made sense. Except now the image of Dean opening the door with wet hair and no shirt on was in his head, and he couldn’t get it out.
Castiel slid his book into the center of the table. He didn’t like sharing. But Dean smiled and leaned in to be able to read without moving the book.
Almost an hour and a half in, and everything was going alright. At least thirty percent of students stayed away from the punch, and the ones that didn’t seemed alright, anyway. Mr. Man was visibly nervous, probably freaking out over Dean being nowhere in sight, but he didn’t seem to be doing anything about it for the moment. Castiel almost felt confident – he almost felt silly. Like he’d been making all of this up. Alien invasion… That was crazy.
“Great.” Dean snatched a sandwich from the case and put it in a paper bag. Cas watched him. The next words he spoke were quiet, meant for no one to hear but Dean.
If nothing else, Dean could respect him for that. He was always a little terrified when someone started yelling at him at Dick’s, even if he took it with just as much composure as Cas did.
“To people who aren’t trying to get you into bed,” she protested. “Or into a... public bathroom stall. You guys are so gross.”
Dean looked at him quietly, and the look in his eyes, hesitant, careful, deliberate, didn’t change. “I was outside, on my own,” he continued. “And you walked out, and you just came and stood beside me. You didn’t say anything. It was like... there was nothing we could have said that would have made that moment more our own than it already was.” Dean was still sitting back in his chair, his hand on the table, like they were talking about the weather; but his eyes were so full of blurred emotion, half here, half in that moment two years ago in the back garden of the MoMA. “I couldn’t...” Dean raised his hand and let it drop on the table, like he was at a loss of words. “You know. That thing between us, I couldn’t ignore it anymore.”
“That’s just ‘cause you got cheeky. We could’a had thirty out of thirty if you hadn’t thrown them, like, three feet in the air instead of throwing them straight at me.”
The captain grinned, an impish sort of smile. Now that his odd masquerade was off, he seemed much more like regular folk than he did a raging pirate. His eyes, both intact now, shone like jade stones in the sun.
Castiel didn’t answer. He listened to Dean’s laugh and to the sound of his steps after a few moments, as the awkward silence settled in.
“You’re always pretty,” he told Dean. There was the sound of footsteps behind them, and a red haired girl appeared at the bottom of the stairs.
Did that mean that Cas’ not-crush was a lesbian or a straight guy? Charlie got a girlfriend last winter…
“My brother invited us for Christmas,” he mentioned, tapping his fingers on the reception desk, just to take this perfectly smooth, careful expression off Dean's face.
Dean watched his expression become more uncomfortable, more guarded. “She’s the one you’ve been waiting for.”
Dean peeked at the question again in Castiel’s book, touching the edges of the page to hold it in place. “Twenty four,” he suggested finally.
Castiel climbed the bed and snatched the paper from his hands. “Not anymore. And I’m this close to taking back my decision to move in with you.”
“Nowhere to run,” the colonel continued, gesturing with head at the open sea behind Castiel’s back. Castiel glanced backwards out of instinct.
Slowly, as though by binding rather than by will, Castiel stood up and ambled down the stairs, crossing the field with a jog. As soon as he was at hearing range, he recognized Dean’s agitated voice.
“You once stopped wearing classic rock bands T-shirts for an entire months because I said they made you look like a thirteen year old,” he countered. “I didn’t even know you had other clothes.”
“Merry Christmas, everyone,” said Bobby. “I’m glad we all get a chance to sit around the same table every once in a while.”
“I won’t,” he said. “I won’t shut up, Meg. It’s been sixty-four days. You could at least get here on time when you know I can’t open the store without an employee card.”
Dean huffed. “Okay. Let me take her to find something to eat downstairs or she’s gonna start crying soon. Then I can keep looking for her parents as long as we’re here. But this kid ain’t leaving here with a social worker.”
“Do you ever get land sickness?” He wondered. Dean’s eyebrows furrowed at his question, but he otherwise ignored it.
He'd been dreaming about salt guns and vampire bites since he was four years old. Now he dreamed about scrubbing blood off a carpet.
“I think you should go,” he said, shrugging, and left. Now, he understood why Dean was so adamant he shouldn’t tell other people about monsters – they didn’t believe him, and now his friend thought he was crazy. And what if he was wrong? What if that guy was just someone with a really good costume?
He took one last look at the back shelves – he wished he could take the book he’d been looking at before Henry showed up. He had a feeling they could use it. But Henry was standing there and looking at him, almost as though guarding the books.
Castiel walks to the window, dazed. He looks out from it, and Dean is kneeling in the dirt with his guitar and an expression so thoroughly insecure it looks like he’s hurting and Castiel can’t believe his voice can sound so rough and confident when he’s looking like that. And then he sees Cas, and that look disappears. What replaces it is a soft, hesitant smile. And he keeps singing.
He stopped at the door with a sigh. She wasn’t going to leave him alone until he either admitted his soup plans were fake, or got her some damn soup. He grabbed his phone and texted Cas.
The truth was, Dean didn’t like Halloween all that much. There were too many children, and too much candy-sharing (he didn’t like to share his candy), and it was hard to look sexily at a girl wearing an indecent vampire costume after he’d come home to vampire blood all over the living room carpet so many times. So he wasn’t quite sure what he was doing in some popular kid’s party for the second year in a row. Well – he didn’t know what he was doing there last year. This year, he was on a mission.
Dean-like behavior. It wasn’t a behavior he’d picked up from Dean, if that was what Charlie was thinking. He wondered whether Dean picked it up from him. Or if they were both like this, before they met each other.
Their father suggested that maybe the police didn’t have to be involved – after all, the FBI had already taken care of things – and no one ever disagreed with him, so there was no dispute. Everyone slept in the living room: Chuck and Naomi on the sofas, and the remaining six of them on the floor.
The guy might be an uneducated annoyance, but if he liked burgers, he had to be at least thirty five percent decent.
They sat down in the sand, leaning against a rock. The stronger of the tides almost swallowed the tips of their toes, and he sent a hand and let the sea wash over his fingers.
“Ha,” said Dean. “That was a crowbar. And no, you won’t, Cas. You did a great job back there – better than some hunters I know. Better than me, sometimes, that’s for sure – and I’m thankful for you being supportive of it, but you can’t be involved in that part of my life.”
Dean’s chest felt like he was being suffocated, but he was almost too tired to care. He closed his eyes and started drifting into sleep. Beside him, he heard Cas mumbling numbers. Counting.
Dean and him exchanged glances. It was definitely the woman from the fair. Much more smiley, and not covered in blood, but it was her.
Dean’s lips moved, most likely about to utter some version of “why are you being weird?” But he didn’t say a thing.
And... Did he actually want to go to prom? Not really. But going with Dean meant no pressure. It probably meant leaning against a wall and making fun of everyone’s fancy clothes, eating fiften cookies until their stomachs hurt and then regretting having eaten fifteen cookies. That didn’t sound so bad.
“He disappeared. Went home from work four months ago and never showed up the next morning. No one’s seen him since. I’m assuming he’s rotting in some ditch.”
“No, thanks to my ninja stars,” Dean grinned. He put the lightsaber away. “So what’s our schedule?” He asked.
“Your football team needs to work on its punches,” Dean pointed out. Maybe they forgot the space and it was first name Meta, last name Tron.
Castiel fumed. It wasn’t a matter of a few stupid toasted snacks now; it was a matter of principle, and of him wanting to punch the guy in the face.
The mask of nonchalance we have to put on in order not to come off as sentimental, because emotion is weakness in this world…” Was that part of the lyrics? Castiel squints at the screen and grabs his phone to search up the song, but Crowley’s words pull him back into the interview.
“Alright. Let’s get out of here.” Dean grabbed his hand to get it away from his face. “The smell in here is so bad it's giving me a headache.”
He could... he could ask Cas something like what was the most comforting place for him when he was sad, or where was the weirdest place he took a dump, or why in cold hell did he agree to a stranger asking him to a couple’s counselling date on Valentine’s, and how was he doing such a good and simultaneously bad job at it. Things he actually wanted to know. Things he actually cared about. Especially the dump thing. He went for a therapist-appropriate question, instead.
“I…” Dean sighed, and rubbed the back of his neck. “Just this friend who might come visit. If we go…” He took a breath, and clenched his jaw. The next words that came out of his mouth seemed painful for him to utter. “If we go, he won’t know where to look. We’ll never see each other again.”
“I deemed it foolish and suicidal to persist on to the next destination, so I gave up and went back home.”
This end-of-school day was extra special for Castiel: it marked the end of his junior year. And being a senior was about to have its perks: for once, everyone in the hallways respected you more, which meant they feared you more, too. And no one took anything seriously anymore, so he could sleep through his classes and no one would care.
He sighed, sat down beside Dean, and tried not to smile. He considered what to do next. Keep running his tests? Search until he found something incriminating, a plot hole?
"Yeah," he said to the lady. "Yeah. They say he's some kind of a genius. And you know how the market is nowadays..."
“I would probably just tell him. I’d try to be gentle about it. And I’d hope he remembers all the times he told me things that weren’t easy for him to say.”
She wasn’t wrong. They had both been their worst selves back then, and it had been extremely messy, and it ended bad.
They made sure no one was coming in and then set the borders and pulled socks onto feet. Cas counted down and they both lunged forward, crossing the store front to back in one smooth glide, no one in sight, and for a moment, it was perfect. And then he bumped into Cas’ shoulder to skew him off course, and Cas grabbed his shoulder to readjust his route and then shoved him backwards right near the end.
“Why are you in my room?” Dean repeated. Cas raised a sluggish hand to cover his eyes from the dim light and grumbled, “what time is it? I fell asleep.” He closed his eyes and scratched at his face. “I waited for you, but you wer’nt here…” His hand slipped and fell straight onto his face. Dean’s eyebrows furrowed.
They were both working as private investigators with different police stations, and they went at it with wildly different methods. Castiel worked eight a.m. to six p.m. shifts Monday through Friday; Dean said police drove him crazy if he was around them for too long and preferred to work with them from afar. His workdays varied from staying in his PJs all day and doing research from home, through driving around following leads all day, to going on trips out of town that lasted days and sometimes weeks.
Meg’s eyes narrowed. She looked from one of them to the other. “Is that because he’s weird about bringing his fancy car to school?”
“Are you nervous?” He asked, taking a gun from the back of his pants. Castiel watched him empty its bullets and then load it with new ones, and his head spun a little. This was all backwards. His secret boyfriend was in his brother’s kitchen, loading a gun, and worrying about his emotional state. And the strangest part of it was, seeing Dean handle guns and talk about ways to kill homicidal monsters – it wasn’t all that freaky. In a way, it made sense. Like Castiel could finally see the second half of a picture he’d been staring at for months.
The next day, he showed up at the address the man gave him. It was in a secluded building on the other side of campus. When he knocked on the door, a young man in a suit opened it and shook his hand.
He sighed and counted the implications these words could have. Not that he was too worried; he knew that as soon as the opportunity arose, he could fight his way out of most situations – as he had before.
"I'm distracting myself." Dean leaned against his desk. "See?" he raised his hands in proof. "I'm not thinking about Cas. I don't even remember what he looks like anymore."
He swallowed his pride and grabbed a few gardenias. He could be sitting in a different classroom right now, learning about architecture, or comic books.
“Ah-ha!” Out of the blue, the sky was blocked by a wide-shouldered figure and Castiel found his nose in an uncomfortably short distance from the tip of a sword.
She crossed the room and stood beside the dining table, looking down at him with her hands on her hips.
“Oh. Well.” Dean took a record out of a box and watched it for a moment. Not quite watched it – saw past it. “I just don’t want her to grow up to be a hunter, you know?”
“Thanks,” Castiel smiled. He wanted to say ‘you’re the best’, or even ‘this is great’ – but he didn’t. He felt weird about saying these things out loud.
Apart from that, he got Cas here, while he could be somewhere else. He didn’t want to ruin Cas’ Christmas.
“Only every time I start talking about monster stuff you haven’t seen for yourself, ever since the day I walked into your brother’s kitchen and said ‘shapeshifter’.” Dean nudged a foot at him under the table, and things almost felt normal again.
Dean shrugged her stare off. He couldn't explain it to someone who hadn't been through what Cas and him had been through. How the worst nightmares were often the things that had already happened happening again.
“You guys sound like a grandpa and then an uglier, dumber grandpa,” Meg said over the phone. “Tell him I said that.”
“Don’t touch him,” Michael barked very quietly, and Luci rolled his eyes and let the little hand go.
doctor’s on her way,” the coach muttered. “Now git, everybody. Show gotta go on. Garth, you’re up instead of Dean.”
But one coffee stop couldn’t change routine. The next Friday, he was sitting with Meg and Garth at a bench on the lawn of their dorms, staring at his phone from the corner of his eye while his friends were eating lunch.
“What’s going on?” He asked, coming to stand before the three of them. “I brought what you asked,” he said to Dean.
An arm rose from the dark to block his blow, pushing his blade back to stop its body from getting impaled. And then a voice spoke that was familiar, even more than the arm, than the grip, than the scent.
“Say, does spending the night at a dark, dusty storage unit count as a Valentine’s day date?” He said. “Because if it does, we’re good.”
He recognized the back of the student’s head. It was Cas. Dean glimpsed at the list – he got into a class called Ancient Languages: Latin and Enochian.
“You don’t seem too happy about it.” He couldn’t see Cas’ face behind his closed eyelids, but Cas’ voice sounded taunting. More than that – amused.
Castiel chose a spot by the punch bowl. He had to prevent as many people as he could from drinking it.
“Dean!” yells Castiel, looking around frantically. A moment later, he recognizes Dean’s panicked eyes. He’s standing a few feet away, buried within marching instrumentalists. He reaches his hand out, and Castiel pulls him from the bubble of music, keeping hold of his hand.
He smiled – the saddest, smallest smile Castiel had ever seen. Not the smile of someone in love; more the smile of someone who had just watched everything he cared for burn, and tried to convince himself he was fine.
“We’re covered in mud,” said Cas. Dean was pretty sure if he turned his head to face him their faces would touch. So he only got as far as their knees, pressed together on the ground, pants covered in dirt.
“I guess.” He glanced at Dean. He didn't feel nervous; he felt a little grateful, and a little lucky.
“I don’t understand why you guys hate her so much,” said Cas. It was mechanic, rigid with all the things that went unsaid around the group about Charlie’s comment.
On a table by Dean and the King, guarded by Mr. Man and the librarian, was a small object that resembled a gun. It must be the go-to-sleep-er. Castiel recalled what Robert had said back in the science lab – about it taking long to recharge. And he realized something: if the go-to-sleep-er was out of the equation, all the aliens had on him was quantity.
“We won’t see,” he corrected. Before they walked out, he turned to the therapist a last time. “Don't text me, because I... dropped my phone in the toilet, and they had to change my number.”
“So should we expect a check from them,” said Dean once they were outside, “Or are we registering for gifts...?”
He was so good at this. Everything he said was natural and perfectly reliable. Castiel thought he could watch Dean do this for the rest of his life.
His fingers clenched around the blanket. He had a feeling he knew where this was going, and he didn't want to have this argument again.
It didn’t work. The woman threw the ax at him, and he barely managed to duck to save himself. It hit a mirror behind him, and shards of glass flew everywhere.
Castiel looked around the dark cell. A devil’s trap was pained on the floor, and there were shelves upon shelves made of metal standing against the walls, packed with cursed boxes. Behind one shelf was a table of grenades, shotguns hanging on the wall above it.
Dean gaped at his necklace a moment more, and then rested it on the floor carefully and turned to look at Castiel, shaking his head like he was shaking off the eeriness it emitted.
He was pretty sure she lived alone, but still… He hadn’t imagined she would go so far out of her way for someone else with such little prompting. He supposed he shouldn’t’ve been so quick to make assumptions.
“I’m fine,” Castiel muttered again. His throat throbbed when he so much as breathed, but to Hell if that was going to stop him from arguing with Dean.
At last, they started hearing voices; soft mumbles, whisperings that gave way to a certain anxiety that replaced Castiel’s initial relief of the tense silence between himself and Dean being broken. The voices called out, not quite menacing but rather confused, sending a shiver down Castiel’s spine as they seemed to come from just behind his ear – but no one was there.
“Dean, I’m a lesbian for a reason,” she said, and pulled him back into the crowded, noisy center of the house.
It was a small event. Ten people. Gabriel called it sad. Garth started saying ‘hunters’ wedding’, but Castiel stopped him promptly and shot a look at his brothers and at Meg.
wrong.” Dean slapped his hand on the table. “Cas, we’ve just done ninety minutes of you getting every single question I asked right. And I didn’t even know what I was asking.”
“We’re-” Castiel started, but Something in his peripheral vision distracted him. He glanced at Dean’s chest. “Why does your necklace glow?”
"You can't distract yourself by thinking about the thing you're trying to distract yourself from. That makes no sense." Claire walked in and sat in his office chair. "You need a hobby. Like knitting, or cake decorating, or boxing." she looked up at him. "I think cake decorating might really be a good fit for you."
Not in the singular, but multiple shotguns, crowbars, and a couple of FBI ID cards, all with Dean’s photo in them, and different names.
“Yeah, alright.” Cas eyed him skeptically. “It’ll be thirty percent off with my employee’s discount, anyway.”
“So, like,” said Sam while Dean was filling gas outside, and leaned forward between the front seats. Castiel turned to look at him from the passenger seat. “He lectures me about getting into a relationship too soon, and then he goes and gets engaged on his twentieth birthday?”
“Would you be willing to bet your life and all your people’s lives on it as well?” Azazel asked slyly. John gave him a long, hard look, before standing from his chair and leaving the room.
“I love you,” he said. “Even when I’m mad. Even when I’m far away. Even when I don't say it, when I study, when I’m in a family dinner – I never stop loving you. I love you when I wake up, and when I go to sleep. I love you when you're being an asshole and I have to put up with you, and I love you when I’m being an asshole and you have to put up with me. I know I never say it, but that's not because I don't feel it. It’s just...” He paused to breathe. It was more difficult than he’d accounted for. It took a minute to steady his breath. “It's just hard. Now, this has been enough feelings for ten years, so we're done here.” He nodded decisively, as if it would strengthen his point.
“It’s going alright,” he said. He looked outside: they were leaving the city, and he watched the bare trees and the blue sky. Didn’t seem like it would snow this Christmas.
“What kind of prom did you go to?” Castiel asked skeptically. He heard keys rattle above them, and footsteps go down the stairs.
“What? In sixteen years we’ll be over thirty-five. That’s like eighty for a hunter. Claire, if you’re watching this and I’m gone, I want you to leave a cheeseburger on my grave the next time you visit.”
And suddenly he realized how absurd this scene was, the two of them talking about apartments when five minutes ago he wasn't even thinking about moving, how absurd it was that this felt natural. It felt right.
Dean looked up at his brother. A second passed. There was silence – not any surprised scream. Dean exhaled in relief and turned around, only to see Jo standing in the center of the room, staring at the floor.
“I think I can handle a little garbage,” said Meg. Castiel glared at her, and her eyes narrowed at him.
But a few minutes later, after Charlie left to adjust chairs around the shop, Meg’s expression softened.
The day before winter break came all too quickly. And the more Dean thought about it, the less he was sure of his decision.
Castiel pursed his lips silently. Sam was in school. Telling him would mean interrupting his life and flipping it upside down for – for what? They had no idea where Dean was, no idea whether he was in trouble. If he wasn’t, they would be upsetting Sam over nothing. And if he was, then, then...
Claire shifted to face him, crossing her legs, and tapped her fingers on her knee a little nervously. "Do you think that maybe you're jumping to conclusions too fast?" she asked. "I mean, have you actually talked to him?"
“Right now’s all I’ve got.” He locked eyes with Cas and ignored everyone else. He made his voice calm. Even. Dead. “It’s all I’ve ever had, and I think they really want me to regret it, so I don’t.”
The rest of the day passed just as uncomfortably. Admittedly, no one was chasing him, shooting at him, pointing a sword at him or numbing his mind with their delusions of grandeur, but it was hot and bright and humid, and while the pain in Castiel’s arm abated his head pounded twice has hard.
“So, I… I don’t wanna go without them. It’s too sad.” He looked at them blankly and, with as much emotion as he could manage, said, “I’m gonna be alone forever.”
Castiel took that as a no. Dean didn’t seem to recover as quickly, though. They spent the rest of the night looking in different directions over the quiet water. Until finally, he felt Dean’s hand on his.
He learned his lesson – the one his mother and Naomi were trying to teach him. Shut your mouth, put on a smile, and do as you're told. Otherwise, things just get worse.
He would miss her. As he would miss Sam, and Bobby. But he would never miss the reason why they’d found themselves in this house for the first place.
“Well, actually, I don’t get sick either. I was just trying to be thoughtful,” Dean answered. And then he smiled his
“Your mom and her favorite subject to talk about – what’d she say this time?” She leaned against the counter, grinning. She would have hopped and settled on it if they weren’t at work – gays these days; couldn’t sit straight and normal for the life of them.
Jo pushed her chair forward and put her elbows on his table. “This is your chance. It’s the perfect opportunity: it’s much less embarrassing than just randomly telling him you like him, because there’s a party involved. It’s totally normal to ask someone to a party. And if he’s not interested, he can let you down easy by saying he’s not into parties or something. I mean, he does look more like the guy who would just shut you down with no regard to your feelings, but still.”
Mary huffed. “My boy’s barely even grown up,” she said, “and I already don’t know everything about him.”
“Castiel?” Asked the lanky one. “I think we share a room. I’m Garth.” He reached out a hand for Castiel to shake.
“It doesn't matter if we're ready,” said Dean. “Life doesn't ask you whether you're ready. It throws shit at your face and you just have to deal with it. This girl isn't ready to be an orphan. I wasn't ready at four. You weren't ready at twenty.”
“Where are we going?” Castiel leaned back in the passenger seat of the Impala and watched the city as they flew past it.
He didn’t know what exactly the guy had in mind, being under the impression that they were both straight and taken.
The covers were pretty, though. He picked one with a red dragon on the front and started reading. Its lines rhymed, and it had a moral and everything. It wasn’t as stupid as he thought it would be – it wasn’t stupid at all. He picked up another book; if all children’s books were beautiful and insightful and not-boring, then maybe…
“There’s about twenty other teenage girls wearing pink who might try to French me if there isn’t any better competition than Andy fucking Gallagher back there.” And then she said: “Please.”
“He was taken to an emergency surgery,” the nurse said gently. She might have mentioned her name earlier. He couldn’t remember.
His face went blank. “Charlie, at this point, you have to assume I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Through the kitchen archway, he could see his mother putting a thankful hand on Cas’ shoulder as he brought the glasses to the table. Cas came back to the kitchen, and Mary smiled at Dean.
“I told you not to say your real name,” he barked at his brother. Then he turned to smirk at Castiel.
“A pirate?” Castiel scowled. Dean fumbled in the pocket of his shirt and drew out the piece of paper, the one Castiel had feared he would find. He could see the lines of ink that crossed the page back and forth, lines he’d stared at for months before he finally put the page away along with his past, his home, his loyalty, and moved on into a new life that had begun and seemed that would end on Dean’s ship.
“Do it,” he challenged. His tone wasn’t acidic; his eyes shimmered with genuine enjoyment. As if this were all just a game.
“Kidding,” Dean said, watching his expression. Great. Now he made Dean feel weird, which made this even weirder. Quick: make a joke. Quick quick quick.
“I’m gonna take that as a compliment,” said Dean. “If I managed to get someone out of my league for more than one night, that’s gotta be a win, right? Except, who wants to date someone that’s, eh... whatever the opposite of out of their league is?”
“See you,” said Castiel. They didn’t have any classes together, but it was a relief to have one familiar (if not friendly) face in the crowd. It sure made sitting in the cafeteria less awkward.
Everyone gathered round at the beach on a warm June afternoon: Bobby and Sam and Charlie, Gabriel and Balthazar, and Meg and Garth. A collection of people Castiel didn’t really know how to put together, although it might not have been as hard as he had anticipated. Garth knew both Bobby and Meg, and Balthazar and Gabriel were already hitting it off with awe-struck Sam. Charlie and Sam had insisted that they meet at the beach, even though Castiel thought it was tacky and Dean thought it was cheesy, and that despite the beach, it should be a black tie event, although Castiel found it excessive, and Dean found it uncomfortable.
Dean shook his head and leaned in again, but Cas pulled back. “It seemed important,” he said, his eyes searching Dean’s face, wide and worried. Dean bit his lip.
“So how’s school going?” He asked as Castiel scrubbed plates and handed them for him to wash and dry.
Dean couldn’t help biting his lip. “I don’t recall you ever impressing me with a comic book reference,” he said, smiling so hard his cheeks hurt, staring into Cas’ eyes like they contained the entire Milky Way in them.
He had spent nineteen years hoping to ever meet someone who would catch his attention. It felt more like a million.
“Whatcha wanna talk about?” Dean asked, squeezing his hand, and then squeezing it again when Castiel didn’t respond.
She didn’t ask any questions while they waited; she seemed to sense the atmosphere. But when the meeting started and Dean was out of earshot, she grew more relaxed.
Castiel looked at them, and looked at the paper again, and his face turned a shade of red only slightly less embarrassingly deep than Dean’s. And then he turned around, glanced Dean up and down briefly, and vanished as abruptly as he’d appeared.
The boxes were big, and still too small for them to both fit in without pressing against each other in order not to fall. The whole of Dean’s energy went into fighting not to have his breath taken away.
“It’s th’middle o’ the night, Cas.” Dean’s words came out slurred from sleep. There was a shuffle on the bed, and then Dean’s fingers wrapped loosely around his elbow. “Don’t go.”
“I can't find my breath when you look at me,” he mumbled, not quite knowing why, not being able to stop himself. He didn’t intend for those words to be the ones to elicit Dean’s laughter, but he succeeded nonetheless.
“You asked that half an hour ago,” his roommate answered. Garth was splayed on his bed, across from Dean’s. He didn’t have to dress up to this stupid event – he was a computer science major, like Cas. Lucky bastards – they didn’t make anything pretty enough to exhibit.
A couple of weeks more and they were standing in front of Chuck’s door, holding a bottle of apple juice.
Castiel found himself sitting on a chair at his dining table. There was something unsettling in the air that he couldn’t quite put his finger on.
Surely – no one would notice. No one would acknowledge him sneaking around corners of the big hall and opening the pantry door to a slit. No one would care if he slipped inside the dark room and closed the door behind him. Took his shoes off, perhaps, maybe even climbed up a few shelves. Grabbed a few chocolates – they were technically his, after all. And he was hungry, and in need of sugary comfort.
“Yes,” Cas mumbled. His eyes kept shooting up to Dean’s face, though mostly they just got as close to as Dean’s chest. Like
Dean pushed himself off the driver’s seat and slammed the door. “Come on, boyfriend.” His tone became somewhat biting towards the last word.
“She loves the suit,” Dean shrugged. By the front doors, Cas accidentally knocked down a part of someone else’s project, and he smiled.
“Two years ago,” he said. “It was dark and storming outside. Your room was only lit with a… desk lamp, that old green one that broke when your brother threw you a bag of Doritos.” His eyes were still closed, Dean’s hands clutching his arms, their foreheads touching. “It was just cold enough inside the house that we had to sit on the rug with a blanket on our knees. Your Winnie the Pooh blanket. Our toes peeked out from the other end of it, and your foot accidentally bumped into mine, and then it not-so-accidentally bumped into mine. And you- you breathed out this half laugh in the dark and moved your hand and I think you wanted to hold mine but didn’t have the courage – I don’t know why, God, why I never asked you about it. I always thought we’d have more time.” He had to swallow the lump in his throat again. He was struggling to keep his voice steady. “And- I don’t know what came over me when I kissed you. I don’t know what the hell I was thinking. It felt like there was a magnet between us and the pull was just too hard to resist.”
“Probably,” muttered Anna, smoke swirling out of her mouth. The sun reflected in her sunglasses. Lunch break was almost over. “I don’t know how you can date someone so stuck up. God forbid he fails one test in his life; his parents would probably disown him.”
“I’ll give you Dean for Sam.” He put his palm up in front of Dean’s face before he continued. Things were about to get brutal. “I’m sick of him anyway. Years of listening to him talk about pizza toppings and old movies. You can imagine why I’d like to get rid of him.”
He was back with the keys after a moment. Castiel gave him a curt “Thanks” and turned to leave, but Chuck’s hand landed on his shoulder, turning him around.
On about the sixth set of knocks Bobby opened, his frown deeper than ever, his words slurred by sleep.
He woke Dean up once they were back in town. Dean lifted his head up from his shoulder heavily, and mumbled sleepily, "You're comfy."
Now it was Castiel who frowned. “I’d honestly rather you stab me in the neck than having to call you that.”
“It...” Dean stared at a spot on the floor, frowned at it. “It kinda bums me out that you're going home with Meg... and not with me.” He shut his eyes hard, just long enough to wince internally at how stupid he sounded. And as he opened them, someone cleared their throat behind him. He turned around, sliding off the chair, Cas stretching to see behind his shoulder. There was an old woman scowling at them on the other side of the counter.
They’d never really, officially talked about it. They’d spent every day of the summer together, and they were the most wonderful days, but it was an unspoken agreement of sorts that no one else should know.
“It’s cute that you think an eight year old’s insult will hurt my feelings.” Pointedly, nonchalantly, Dean raised his hand and plucked a piece of lint off the shoulder of Gordon’s shirt. “To be honest, the most offensive thing here is how weak your punches are.”
Slowly, his brain started drifting towards the events that led him to waking up amidst the sea. He remembered falling from his horse – no, being pushed off it – and rolling down the mountain. He remembered the water washing over him, and he remembered dying. Or, thinking he was dying.
“Yes,” said Dean. “We do tons of shady stuff. If she picks up on that, she’s definitely going to suspect us. And then she’ll blow her own cover and we’ll get what we want.”
He'd thought there was time, and he didn't treasure his moments. Who on earth thought, I should be happy now, because later I’ll be miserable? Who thought, I better treasure these memories, better love them with everything I’ve got, because they're about to become the very thing that haunts me and takes away my sleep?
He steps outside into the lawn of his building. Dean watches him with eyes full of hope and worry as he approaches, reaching for his hand, but Castiel stops him.
He made a beeline for his room without bothering with hellos. All this crap his mother lectured him on, about being good and staying off the radar and not raising anyone’s suspicion – the act was over when he was home. No one pretended to be happy within these walls anymore.
“Except, if we film this on every birthday until her eighteenth, it’s gonna be, like, ten hours of footage.”
He was acting so odd that Castiel didn’t even think to apologize for disrupting his plans. He handed his father the keys and followed him back to the car.
“Speak for yourself,” Dean interjected. Cas gave him a look so cold it could re-freeze ice. He didn’t accidentally bring like, an actual assassin with him into a small room with one exit, did he?
It would probably be easiest for Dean if no one knew, if he could just put Castiel behind and forget any of this ever happened, right? …Right?
“Okay, don’t push it,” said Dean. “Here. Hold this.” He handed him the dragon, appraising it in Castiel’s hand. “How do you think we should call it?”
Dean made a dismissive motion, as if her words were a fly he was trying to bat away. “I don’t like your questions.”
“So what should we do today?” Dean asked once they were finished with coffee and cursing. “Go grocery shopping? go to the hardware store? Clean the house? Our first day as grown-ups.” He smiled. “Ooh, let's jump on the bed until the springs pop out."
Dean wiped the edges of his eyes of tears and gently removed Cas’ hand from his shoulder, resting it on the bed. He’d made up his mind to sleep on the couch, or in Cas’ bed, or any place that didn’t mean being squeezed against Cas’ warm body for hours – but when he tried to move, he found that his limbs didn’t cooperate. He was so tired he reckoned he could fall asleep right there, sat against the side of his bed. And the more he thought about it, the more logical the idea seemed.
“We should go,” Cas said. He was right. If they didn’t put out the fire, soon the whole house would burn. And Dean didn’t think he’d seen one non-alcoholic liquid in the house that could help smother the flames.
he wrote down with a pencil. Castiel shook his head, and Dean laughed again. He scribbled another sentence on the paper.
Dean tilted his head in his direction to indicate his listening, but he didn’t have it in him to meet Cas’ eye.
“Hey,” Meg patted his arm to make him look up from his phone. “These are some people who were in my dorm when I got there. This one’s in my room.” She pointed at the girl. “I don’t remember your names.”
“This party is amazing,” Dean said to Jo when they arrived. He had to speak louder than normal to be heard over the spooky music and the people. The room was dimly lit; it seemed like the only sources of light were the pumpkin heads resting on every surface, and the strings of pumpkin-shaped twinkle lights along the walls. The bar was packed with Halloween cookies – some with extra frosting – and behind it, off limits, were shelves of alcohol. All the drinks served were either bright orange or pitch black.
He rushed over to his brother, making sure he was okay. And it was like the room could finally let go of a breath it’s been holding.
“Really?” Castiel wrinkled his nose. “What’s harder to resist? The colorless walls or the disturbing lack of personal belongings?”
But a few moments later, Dean’s voice faded into silence. Castiel looked over at him. His head was tilted down slightly, eyes closed. His fingers still held the book open.
The room was dark – the kind of dark that came with clouded sky and the sound of rain falling on the roof. He untangled himself from the web of blanket and Dean and padded across the room.
“You’re a hunter!” Dean called. Then he seemed to calm himself. “We saw you at the fair, killing monsters. You were amazing. Who the hell are you?”
“I thought someone might want to visit. It’s pretty serious.” He didn’t know why his tone sounded so defensive.
like he belonged. His lips were fixed into a grimace, as if he were made of stone, his eyes the only thing indicating otherwise.
“’Cause we’re guys,” mumbled Dean, a mixture of concern and horror in his eyes as he watched her. He leaned over the table to see her work, and frowned.
“Deadpool,” he said, not looking away from the TV screen. Dean almost spat out his drink – and, trying to keep it all inside, he choked on it. He stifled a cough.
He hadn’t been to the cinema in so long that he didn’t even know they had remodeled. The colors were brighter, now. The lights warmer.
As much as he tried to sound melodramatic, his voice was still flat. When Dean saw him, though, his eyes widened with irritation.
Dean’s voice was almost a whisper. “Who's that?” His heart was pounding in his chest, so hard he thought he might lose balance and tumble over.
“A vial?” Dean wrinkled his nose. “Don’t wanna be a party pooper, Cas, but the Satanic Ritual ship has sailed. You just missed it.”
“I...” Dean started, turning around to make sure Cas wasn’t listening. “I kind of already have someone in mind, and I... I really hope he likes them.”
“Oy,” Castiel called. The man startled and plummeted to the ground, a good measure of breadsticks and chocolate candies collapsing on him from the shelves.
He waited fifteen minutes for his coworker by the shut store doors until she finally appeared around the corner, glowering at him.
It was like watching the tower of Pisa fall apart, only so much more beautiful. Everyone gaped at him, except for the children, who couldn’t be bothered enough to pause the task of kneading their potatoes into a sloppy mash with their fingers – and Gabriel.
“Some couple at the hospital,” said Castiel. Dean was leaning against the counter and eating yogurt. When they approached, Claire craned her neck towards the container.
“Anna and I?” Asked Castiel, feeling his muscles tense. He tried to play it off by crossing his arms over his chest, mirroring her nonchalant posture. “If we were, I think it’s safe to say that her interest in Dean just ended it.”
And maybe… Maybe he wondered why one would climb up dark pantry shelves. Perhaps he just wanted to know what it would feel like to touch the ceiling of the room.
“We'll work something out,” Dean said, but the confidence in his voice was subverted by the intensifying sounds of footsteps and shouts behind them.
There were still questions unanswered, but he supposed they could all wait. Every other thing that wasn’t Cas’ lips could wait.
Vest lady wouldn’t let go, and Dean could kiss her for it. She wanted to try out all the sizes from all the high shelves. Slowly, Dean’s eyes pulled towards them, watching Cas’ sanity unravel, until Cas looked up and their eyes met before Dean could look away. Cas waited for the woman to turn away before dragging a finger across his throat, and Dean broke into a smile in spite of himself.
I can't not think about the Arthur fist meme whenever I read this line: "The last thing he saw was his own face getting closer and closer, and his hand balled into a fist." Just had to say
Garth patted his shoulder and leaned back. “Why can’t you accept that you’re not the main character in this movie, Dean?”
Castiel considered his answer, then leaned forward and spoke quietly. “If this goes wrong...” He’d never discussed this with Dean, not with words. But it had always been there as a silent agreement between them. They never went together on hunts that were more than the casual vampire-around-the-corner, ever since they took Claire in.
“When was the last time you were here?” Dean asked, looking around as they crossed the lobby. That look in his eyes – the same look he had when they’d entered the SPN High library for the first time – that wide-eyed slight-gape would make stars look pale in comparison.
And Dean must’ve heard all those thoughts in his brain, or maybe he was thinking the same thing, or whatever else that brought him to the same conclusion, because he said, with his eyes on the kitchen table,
Dean seemed to reach the point where he was too angry to shout, or even speak. He covered his face with his hands, breathing slowly and deliberately. And through his hands, he said: "It feels like the longer we're together the harder it gets.”
“Curious?” Said a voice behind him, and the book slipped from his hands and hit the carpet floor with a soft thump. He rushed to pick it up and turned around.
“What is it?” Dean asks, his voice seeping warmth, but he’s looking down. Down at his train ticket, squinting at it, furrowing his eyebrows.
Before she answered Dean heard metal creak behind them, and someone slumped down on Hannah’s other side, adding another pair of feet dangling off the edge of the building.
Castiel looked at him. “She told you about him?” He got into bed, and Dean finally closed the laptop and looked at him.
Dean frowned at him, puzzled, not caring for his attempt at a joke – if this was a joke – or at a distraction, if this was a distraction. Cas, in turn, flashed one of his rare, small smiles, and said, “You’re-a-peein’. European,” he repeated when Dean’s expression didn’t change. “Come on, laugh.” He tilted his head forward, deadpan. “It’s a funny joke.”
car. But that was kind of it – he felt rude coming to school every day in a two-years-old Mercedes while some kids had twenty years old models. While some kids didn’t have a car at all.
“It’s ridiculous, but it will work,” Castiel insisted, and bit his tongue, regretting his persuasion attempt immediately. Why was he still trying to help Dean get the treasure at this point? He should be running the other direction.
“Just checking out these… black leather bras,” said Dean, and he picked up a bra from the rack and held it between his index finger and his thumb like it was something stinky.
And he didn’t know what the hell kind of moment Dean was talking about that was gone, because the way Dean looked at him made his stomach feel like tiny little goblins were shooting up fireworks inside it. He wasn’t sure when they had gotten so close together, sitting with their legs crossed on the floor, their heads almost touching, but he sure as Heaven wasn’t leaning away, and it seemed like Dean wasn’t going to, either. Dean took a breath, and it seemed to be a gust of courage that made him say,
They studied across from each other at the dining table for about an hour before Dean put his pencil down and said,
Dean studied the room from the corner of his eye. The slumped shoulders and head of dark hair he was looking for were at the front of the class. Dean couldn't tell from behind whether he was dispirited or relaxed.
Dean’s eyes roamed the list, and his heart sank when he saw she was right. He didn’t ask for creative writing. He didn’t want it. In fact, the last thing he wanted was a class designed to fish his private thoughts out of his head.
Cas followed him through the living room to the front door, calling his name over the voices of everyone else, and only caught up to him when Dean pulled the door handle.
Dean squirmed in his chair. Naomi’s eyes on him made him uncomfortable. He didn’t know what she was getting at, but if she meant him, he didn’t like it. The things she was saying were too personal. All he’s ever tried to do in this school was stay out of the spotlight, and her words and her look were attracting attention to him. He didn’t care if she was saying nice stuff – even if she meant it. He wished she’d stop.
“What’s he in for?” She pointed her foot at the closed door in front of them. They were sitting on a couple of padded chairs in hallway, right outside the office.
“I didn’t think I would be.” Castiel shook his head. He didn’t exactly feel okay. He felt like Dean’s eyes on his were taking hold of his lungs and making his breath short and his heart stutter. “But I am.”
Not that it mattered. Dean had gotten the complete opposite of his desired result, and despite the awesomeness of everything around him, the people were still gross. It was too loud to hear anything, and the floor was already sticky with spilled drinks and God knows what else.
In turns, they jumped under the mistletoe, hands stretched up, fingers reaching. Leaping, stretching, hopping on one foot did not help – there were still five feet between them and their target. And then, while Dean was jumping for his life, Cas got this thoughtful expression. His eyes tracked Dean’s movements, drifted up, registered the impossible distance he was trying to conquer, recognized that he wasn’t going to make it. And then Cas was walking.
He watched the dragon soar up, a brilliant flash of turquoise and blue and gray, Dean settled securely between its shoulder blades and still gripping its scales for dear life. Looking upwards, captivated by the beautiful creature and Dean on its back, so terrified and fearless at the same time, Castiel dropped into the volcano himself. Not a few seconds passed before he crashed onto black rock, and struggled to position himself safely on its back when it came to life and opened its wings. Moments later he was up in the air with Dean, riding a dragon’s back that was darker than midnight skies with much more comfort and ease than Dean was on his ocean-like dragon.
“I hope we’ve been good hosts,” she said now. Dean stood in place around the corner, a pile of dirty dishes in his hands, not noticing he’d stopped moving. “I know it’s not easy staying the holidays away from home.”
And there it was again – this little comment he’d tried to blow past because he didn’t know how to begin to approach it.
“Yeah. Jesus, I’mma have to wash my brain with bleach after this," said Dean. "Okay, last one. Politicians who became too powerful or dangerous could be exiled for ten years if the public voted for it. They just be like, ‘bye. See you fucking later,’ and yeet them off for ten years.”
Castiel looked up from the same spot in the floor he'd been staring at for the past five minutes. "What?"
“Oh, you wish,” Dean let out and tried to block his way, but Cas dodged and dragged the box into the store.
When he looked back outside, he saw Cas leaning against his own counter with his head on his fist, and the look in his eyes as he stared at the pastries behind Dick’s display window was almost wistful.
Dean threw his clothes in the laundry basket and walked out of the bedroom. In the hallway, Cas was leaving the bathroom with a toothbrush and a pair of pajamas in his hands.
He turned around swiftly, instinctively looking for danger. But it wasn't a dangerous voice. It was more of a nice-old-lady voice. And before him, on the other side of the road, smiled a nice old lady's face.
Dean sat on his bed and rubbed his face with his hands. “Are you going to keep doing this every day until I graduate?”
If this guy was any kind of popular around here then he just somersaulted right into a social suicide.
Castiel blinked rather dumbly, and shoved his hands in his pockets. “…No.” He rubbed a hand at his face tiredly. “I guess I just… needed a break.”
"Have you never had pizza before?" Claire asked. Dean put the remote on the couch and got up. Cas was eyeing him. He looked away.
“We started out twelve people. About forty-five minutes ago Gabriel and I found my brother’s wife dead upstairs. Then Michael took their three kids to the neighbors. So now there are eight of us.”
Dean looked at him with the uncertainty of a person who’d just laid his heart and soul down on a table for someone else to pick up or stomp on. But Castiel nodded slowly.
There was silence then, and Dean felt his feet carry him downstairs before he was found eavesdropping.
“Oh my god!” Said Dean. “A stick.” But when he pressed the button, the stick turned into a glowing sword.
Sam was leaving to get coffee when he got out into the waiting hall with crutches, his leg in a cast.
Dean swallowed. “I’ll do it. Gimme.” He took the phone. Cas leaned in, his chest against Dean’s shoulder, not seeming to mind this closeness whatsoever.
He took Dean’s hand, and rubbed his freezing fingertips to put some warmth into them. “I know.” He nodded his chin at a building on the other side of the street. “Want to go in?”
“Behold, my crew!” He roared, looking round. “We have captured a…” His voice fell a few degrees in volume, and he glanced at Castiel again. “What are you?”
“It's alright. My mom and Sam are out. Though I think it's a little too late to patch things up with the neighbor.” He scratched his head awkwardly. “You could've called, you know.”
Then something in his expression shifted. His eyes dropped to the fake corpse, and then moved to Castiel’s face.
He didn't think a run to the supermarket counted as a break. He didn't say that, though. “We’re almost out of ketchup."
“What is it?” Sam asked to Castiel’s left. Before he could answer, Dean lifted his palm as a sign for them to be quiet. He stared at the page for a long moment.
"what?" Dean moved to stand beside him, but Castiel grabbed his hand and, very deliberately, hid behind him again.
“So, uh…” He mumbled with great wit as their characters were walking around in a room. “What- what were you last year? I mean… Did you go as anything?” God, he was a mess. He couldn’t even utter a normal human being’s sentence. He took his cup in somewhat of a shaky hand and forced himself to take a sip, to at least try and seem casual. Cas leaned in slightly towards him.
“That is exactly what a torso looks like,” Castiel informed her. And he looked up to see Dean looking at them, frozen mid-motion with his fingers sunken into clay. When Castiel made eye contact, he looked away.
“Are you with me?” He asked Dean anxiously. He would hit Dean first, softly, with the shaft of his sword, and then move on to the rest of them. He could hurt this angry mob that was after him, but he’s hurt Dean enough for a lifetime. He couldn’t hurt him anymore.
in the way that people say it knowing they don’t really mean it. Then he opened his mouth, and closed it.
“It's a matter of habit." Dean grimaced. "The bed is colder without him. It's a temperature thing. You wouldn't be able to sleep either in the middle of winter if I took your heater away.”
“That was some serious ass-covering she did, though. We should send her a fruit basket or something.”
Dean’s eyes rose to his face. “I’ll go,” he said gently. “It’s my mess. I should be the one to take care of it.” He saw objection rise up in Castiel’s eyes, and his face shifted into something teasing. “Except, I’ve been a hunter for longer.”
For the past third of a year, every passing month felt like a decade, and he'd been fighting with all he had to keep Dean alive in his head. How was he supposed to give up now? How was he supposed to let go? To stop fighting all his instincts, to give in to the easy choice, to let dean die for good?
“Yes?” Said Castiel, glancing back behind his shoulder into the house. Out of the eight living souls in the house, seven were currently a Mr. Shurley.
“All right, you turds. Listen up.” The class huddles around Zachariah in the lobby to listen. “You will form groups of three. You will read about the artworks in the museum guide book, and then you will return it to me unharmed. You will be quizzed tomorrow about what you learned-” Cue a collective groan from the class- “So pay attention, memorize, and pick a favorite artwork. You have one hour so don’t go too far,” he said, although it didn’t seem he would be bothered if some students were left behind to wander the halls of this place forever.
And they both looked up at him from the other side of the table, one with a smile, and one seemingly posing a challenge.
“We have a lot to talk about,” he blurted out. “We’re both interested in-” he paused for half a second- “Waffles?”
Instead, he pressed his lips together and made way for another student who pushed past him to see the list.
Bobby didn’t seem as resigned. He was staring at the picture of Dean and the demons, as if it could be holding the answer they were looking for. And then his eyes fixated on something, and he stilled – as if the picture
A group of teenagers pushed past him and burst through the door, and he got sucked into the room among them. Inside was loud, poorly lit and smelling of perfume and sweat and beer. Basically hell. Everyone pushed each other around trying to get to the bar or to the bathroom.
“I know,” said Bobby, and he didn’t sound happy about it. “You told me to call as soon as I got your message. Repeated it three times.”
“Well, then, here’s me not making a big deal by taking you somewhere special – the exit to the Gymboree – and giving you a small gift, lacking proper wrapping or a card.” And indeed, he took out of his coat what appeared to be a large stick wrapped in old newspapers and handed it to Castiel. “Happy birthday.”
“Let me check if we have a size that would fit you,” she said. “And if not, we’ll get them readjusted.”
Meg crossed her arms over her chest. “You lied to me. Like two hundred times.” She glanced at Castiel, and quickly looked away. Her expression was sealed.
“It’s kind of me who owes you one,” said Castiel. “Next time an unnatural being jumps you on your brother’s second floor, I promise to be the one waiting downstairs, protecting your family with a stick.”
"She could be sitting next to a non-natural monster," Dean shot back. He tapped his fingers anxiously on the armrest of his seat. An old, friendly-looking lady took the seat to his other side, by the aisle.
“Crime baby,” Gordon called as he passed by running. Dean hissed a curse and switched to walking. For a moment, he wasn’t in the school gym anymore. He was in a much smaller, darker room. He fought the smell of blood rising to the surface in his mind and refocused on his surroundings.
“I don't know him,” said Castiel. Nor could he imagine what that onesie looked like. “I think we can start closing boxes. Let me just find tape and scissors.”
“Hold on,” he said, to make the person repeat themselves, and to give himself a moment to recover. “What?”
“Oh, right.” Dean huffed with what sounded suspiciously like reminiscence. “Yeah, that was gross. Anything else?”
“Cas- Jesus, will you please try to not slaughter my guys?” Dean called as Castiel stabbed Balthazar’s chest.
Beside him, Cas wiggled his foot in the mud, assessing the damage. “I trusted you,” he shot at Dean.
No one answered. Charlie and Sam had their eyebrows pulled together like they were a dam holding back an ocean behind it. Bobby looked even rougher. Castiel couldn’t imagine how he felt, picking up Dean’s and Sam’s and his messes, caring for them like a parent, and getting a dead body and no gratitude for it.
“We don’t get what we need,” said Charlie. “We get what life thinks will make for a good joke.” She stopped walking and turned around to look at him. “Speaking of which. Please tell me you applied for the senior courses.”
Behind Mary, Sam waved at him awkwardly. He was looking around like everything was magic – he was just starting his sophomore year in high school, and he was one of these people – no, possibly the only person in the world – who actually wanted to learn.
“Today we’re going to learn how to step up our flower arrangement game, and make a dinner party bouquet.”
“Charlie, go through this crap. I want a report by tomorrow morning,” the captain said quietly. His deliberate tone was very clearly not directed at the redhead:
“That’s the only ending hunters get,” he answered. “Dean used to say that. I guess I never saw it happening to us.” Or maybe he’d seen it all along, and figured hoping otherwise was enough to stop it from coming true.
“I don’t think so,” Dean said slowly, and the uncertainty in his voice only convinced Castiel otherwise. “If they’re saying the FBI is taking care of it, it probably means some hunter took over the case pretending to be a fed.” Dean’s face lit up. “Maybe it’s the lady we saw at the fair.”
“Ooh,” Dean clapped his hands together. “Eat all the ice cream in the fridge and continue watching Legally Blonde because we never finished it on my birthday?”
“Like, do you have a preference?” He tried not to make his voice sound tense, like he meant he might be a preference himself. He didn’t. “Gingers? Brunettes? Any gender preferences? Or do you only date furries and serial killers?”
“You hear that, Claire? He just said he’s gonna embarrass you in front of all your friends when you’re older. You’re gonna hate us when you grow up, huh? No- don’t spit up. Ugh.”
“Well, six years,” Dean said. “And whichever it is, it would have been stupid not to take advantage of our time.”
“So which one of you’s…?” He didn’t finish the sentence. Cas looked at him – maybe it was in Dean’s eyes, or maybe his mind was in the same place.
” He put his hands on the table and leaned forward, his eyes leveling with Castiel’s. “A’ight, hit on me.”
They walked to the exit. Dean, having watched everyone around them suspiciously, looked at him now, then looked away. Then he glanced at him again, smiling, and looked away again.
“You think…” Dean said after a moment. “You think you’re too big?” Cas watched reluctantly as Dean opened the second jar and handed it to him. “Try it.”
“Flirting,” he said, eyeing Dean. “Is there something stuck in your throat?” He asked. Dean was coughing.
“Castiel.” Amara uttered his name cold and formal. “Now that you have come of age, we have a few things to discuss. Responsibilities you’re going to have to pick up.”
He couldn’t make his face stop doing that. He couldn’t remember his chest ever squeezing so wonderfully.
Dean eyed him with an emotion that wasn’t all arrogance now. It was burning in his green eyes, sincere. Curiosity.
“What?” Dean repeated. “Is that why I didn’t see your house for half a year?” He gasped. “Oh my god, that’s why you didn’t wanna go to your house last year and you made me show you my Shrek swamp. Oh my god.”
“I took my father’s car while you weren’t here.” That was the current terminology. ‘While you weren’t here’. ‘While I was out’. That was Dean’s line. He didn’t talk about what exactly happened while he was out, particularly he didn’t talk about Hell, and Castiel did his best not to ask.
Dean heaved his knife into the air, and then back down, all the while not tearing his eyes from Castiel’s. Castiel’s fingers were cold and oversensitive, as if an electric current was going through them. He felt the air by his face moving as Dean’s arm sliced through it. And then he felt nothing.
“Shapeshifter,” said Dean. “It’s killing your family and then wearing its skin pretending to be them.”
He wasn’t in the mood for a lecture. He crossed the kitchen toward his room with quick determination, his muscles tense, but Mary spoke before he could get to his room.
he thought, and dared to let a shred of hope into his chest. Maybe Charlie and Meg would stand by him if they ever found out what he’d done.
Dean tossed and turned in his sleep now. he shook and screamed and woke up five or seven or eight times a night.
“Okay...” Everywhere around them, students were sitting down. A big man who looked suspiciously like Santa walked into the front of the room and fiddled with a microphone.
This time, Dean smiled. He turned to face Cas again, tightening the grip on his hand instead of shoving his shoulder playfully. He closed his eyes, squeezing Cas’ fingers with his one hand and tugging on his shirt with the other.
The rest of the crew didn’t react as forgivingly to Castiel’s hindering. Their eyes narrowed, heads tilting with suspicion.
There was the sound of chairs dragging across the floor behind the door. A few moments passed. And then the door opened, and Dean walked out.
When Dean stood up, Ruby’s friend – Gordon – made a beeline for the exit, shouldering him roughly on his way out.
“A pretty one,” the teacher reconciled. “Fit to rule a kingdom of yeets. The age difference is not considerable.”
“Oh.” Dean dropped his hand. “Right. Yeah.” He leaned in again, but Cas put a hand against his chest. “What?”
“It makes me feel stupid. And lazy. You value education so much, you care so much about school, and I’m a fucking dropout.” He breathed in sharply, and looked away. “And I get it, okay? I am all those things. And school is important. And every time you go into your little burrow and become this weird study hermit it just reminds me how little you must think of me.”
April tossed an indignant look over her shoulder, at the room she’d just burst out of, and shouldered her way past him to the exit.
They both fell silent again. And it should have been this moment where the quiet stretched an awkward amount, or he made a joke, or Cas was sarcastic, but instead, Dean found himself speaking.
“That he got a lead. And that it was urgent. It didn’t say anything else.” Nothing else that wasn’t for Castiel. Nothing else besides those two little words in the end in Dean's terrible handwriting.
Right. He was starting to forget Dean hadn’t always been with them – that he’d arrived less than a month ago, and that Castiel – or anyone, really – barely knew anything about his life before SPN High. That was how convenient it was that the angle he sat in hid Castiel from most students he was trying to avoid eye contact with, like Meg and April. That was how convenient his babbling got when it was keeping Castiel awake during class.
And such was his job: too perky, too tall, too sweet. Too white, too floral. Too eager or too indifferent. Too flirtatious. A wave of his hand and they were gone. Castiel wished he could go down there, pat their resigned shoulders and say,
on his list. He should probably do that. It just felt like cheating, to start with the easiest thing.
He squinted at the question, trying to remember any of what he learned in class. Nothing. He stared at the page miserably for a minute before flipping it.
Cas’ knee twitched and touched his, and Dean stopped listening. He cleared his throat again, quietly, although his throat felt quite clear. He couldn’t bring himself to get Cas’ attention with words.
He’d mentioned his little brother a few times before, and Castiel realized that was probably the boy beside him in the picture.
“I’m not your bitch. I’m- my own bitch.” He scratched his forehead. “Okay, that one kind of backfired.”
and wrinkling his nose, because that was the only thing he could think of that didn’t make him want to cry.
“This is the last day of our fake relationship,” she said. “So tonight you’re my bitch, Winchester.”
“No, seriously, look.” Dean tugged his hand. He pointed at an ad on the computer. “Doesn’t she look familiar?”
“So… what are you doing?” Gesturing in his general direction, Castiel plopped down on his bed and assumed a position that he’d presumably been in before Dean had burst into the room with malicious intentions.
“Of course it’s a plan,” he hissed back. On the other side of the barn, Ruby finished patting Dean down, and Castiel pulled out a gun and pointed it at her head.
“Why would I not want to hear it?” Dean shot back. “Why would I beg you to keep this up? Why would I get so hurt when you tried to back away?”
Tucked behind it was a page listing the uses and benefits of the card. Entrance to the shop, discount on meals in any of the street’s restaurants and cafés and a variety of discounts in other stores on the street, including Page Turner. He scoffed. As if he’d ever need a discount for a bookstore.
“Have we noticed,” Dean huffed. “That fair was like a monster convention. Either way, you might wanna up your game if you want to catch some monsters.”
But as it turned out, Cas wasn’t finished. “And what's the deal with you walking your dog every night at two a.m.?” He asked. He lived just down Dean’s street, and so did three other people in his class. He supposed he never realized that was something they had in common.
And finally – he understood it. Dean’s sightlessness, his unreason at Ruby taking his brother months and months ago. And Dean had been right; he was ready to charge through the door, plan or no plan. It didn’t matter. There was only one thing that mattered.
“I don’t know!” Dean yelled back. After throwing another man off board he called, “When you said dinner, you meant…?”
“It’s futile!” He yelled into her ear. “We’re never gonna find him.” He let her go back to her fairy and left the party. It was stupid of him to try to find his mystery man anyway; what would he have done, had he found him? Forget all about Cas and ride with the guy on a magical unicorn towards the sunset? He hadn’t even thought this far. He’d just figured things would sort themselves out…
by Roy Lichtenstein,” he said. That was a lie. His favorite was another one by Felix Gonzalez-Torres. It was called
“A, you're terribly socially inept.” Dean sent another smile his way. “And B, that would be the worst job ever.”
He spotted a fire escape outside a window to his right. A few guys Meg’s age were climbing in from outside.
The corridor outside the school gymnasium was next to deserted in this hour of the afternoon. Sunset rays spilled into the hall through the wide windows.
A small, careful smile. It looked like a ray of sun beaming through a gray cloud and bringing it to life with soft light.
“I’m sorry,” he said, turning around. “I don’t know what I should’ve done about your friend. It doesn’t matter. It wasn’t worth any of this.” He looked into Sam’s eyes and swallowed the lump in his throat. “It wasn’t worth losing my dad and my baby brother.”
The morning passed in slow, agonizing minutes. Seeing the pirates around him at work, singing or pulling practical jokes on each other in the process, was even more frustrating than communicating with them. He wished he could straighten his legs, stretch his aching limbs and pop his joints, run across the deck. Where would he run, he didn’t know. But he needed to be in motion.
She raised an eyebrow. “Why? You don’t have any problem asking people out. I’ve seen you ask someone out during an exam.”
“And yet he sees you every day,” Charlie raised an eyebrow at him. “And chooses to spend as much time as he possibly can with you. You're his best friend.” Her voice softened toward the end. She started saying something else, but Dean shushed her urgently, pushing her away for good measure. Cas was approaching.
. For so long I'd been waiting for something to go wrong, and finally, the worst has happened. I don't have to worry anymore that my world will collapse, because it already has. There was a sort of safety in that. It took everything I had just to...”
“Or hoped we would,” answered Bobby. He tracked the invisible line from Dean’s elbow to the borders of the picture, and said: “Church. He’s pointing at a church.” He looked at Castiel. “Let’s go.”
“Right. Okay. It's not you. I'm just not the biggest fan of human beings at the moment. It's not like I don't...”
And then Dean turned around. With a sharp head tilt, he signaled for the redhead and the tall one to follow him. Castiel walked between them and the captain as they descended, for his first time, below the deck and into the belly of the ship.
It was almost entirely silent; except, he was starting to hear footsteps. And they were walking right at him – or, at one of his reflections.
Dean stared at him, desperately trying to keep his expression smooth. "Would that. Um. Would that be better?"
Second, there was something so naive about that light that Castiel wished to spend every day of the near future kindling it.
They went into the theater hall and took their seats. Dean put his drink in the cup holder – Castiel mirrored the action – and turned to him.
In no time the chest was placed in the middle of an eager bunch of faces, and Dean was sliding down the totem using a rope wrapped around the other side of it. He landed smoothly, as promised.
“I can be mean to you all the time,” Castiel smiled. But he took a swift look around and, having made sure no one was paying attention to them, laced his fingers with Dean’s. It felt a little bit like being in some kind of a spy movie and a whole lot ridiculous: they were standing behind a whole rack of leather pants, looking in different directions, as casually nonchalant as two trees soaking in the sun. Admittedly, Dean was usually the better actor, but if he’d learned anything at all from the past couple of months – it was that he was absolutely incredible at playing straight. No one could ever guess he had any interest in guys. He never even looked at guys’ faces, or at their hands, or at their-
He scrambled to his feet and looked out through the open window. Sure enough, on the sidewalk under a tree, Cas was standing with a rock in his hand. When he saw Dean he looked down one floor below him, then back up at him, and gave an awkward wave.
“He’s not stupid,” said Castiel, too loud, too fast. The girls stared at him. “He showed me his SAT scores,” he added nervously.
"I found the Nephilim," said Cas. It didn't sound like he was in a rush. His voice sounded strained. "And the Devil."
He was afraid of what might happen if he didn’t insist they should give her away. And he was most afraid that he was past that point – Dean was clearly past that point – and that if time came to give her away, he wouldn’t be able to.
He waited the extra hour with Dean, sitting on the railings of the school parking lot in the gentle April sun. And when Meg saw them, she joined.
“He said he’ll be fine here. And please don’t bring up the other thing in front of him, I really don’t want him to start talking about threesomes again.”
Reaching the end of the spreader, Castiel reached out for the rope and held onto it, muttering a prayer through clenched teeth. “God, please don’t drop me.”
?" Dean asked, feeling the ends of his lips curl up. The idea of Cas looking up to someone, wanting anything, and not getting it… Cas glanced at him, his eyebrows furrowing.
Castiel looked at him, their heads a foot apart on Dean’s floor. “The ability to urinate. What about you?”
“Good news,” Dean grinned, and crashed into him. For half a second, he could only feel relieved. And then he froze, and Dean froze in his arms, too.
“I thought it would be nice for him to have someone to hang out with,” Charlie said. “You seemed like you were getting along. I didn’t think you’d mind.” She raised her hands, palms facing forward in defense.
Dean didn’t answer. He looked at his record some more and then put it down and took something else out of the box.
As the sun shimmered deep red on the surface of the ocean, the crowd dulled out. A few of them – the captain along with the tall one and the redhead, who seemed to be his seconds in command – climbed up the mast and fiddled with some ropes that changed the angles of the sails. Castiel couldn’t see exactly what they were doing – his range of vision was limited to the stern of the ship, but even if he could, it wouldn’t help him much. He was at sea, in the middle of nowhere in the most literal sense, and he would most likely never see land again.
“Take a seat, Dean,” said Ms. Mills, and April left. The boy made his way to the far left of the classroom, by the windows, and touched the back of a chair on the third row. Ms. Mills continued talking about the Festival of Lights.
Someone walked past him – snooty bookstore Cas, he realized when he looked up, his blue eyes boring into Dean’s. He nodded as they passed each other.
“You don’t know anything about me,” Cas muttered back. This was a mutter war, and honestly, Cas was winning. He had the most annoyingly perfect deep voice.
“You look so grown up,” she cried. He shrugged awkwardly, trying to ignore the annoyance of a nerd behind him, and scratched his neck; Cas probably thought he was the biggest sap in the universe right now.
“But you won't ever read this. I won't let you know. You've already taken so much of my heart that I never had any intention of giving – it's all I can do to hold on to what's left. Imagine if you leaned all your weight on one person, and that person decided to leave.”
Dean glanced back at him, smirking. “Need me to hold your hand?” He asked, his voice dipping in smug sarcasm. Castiel huffed at him with irritation.
“You studied a ton. If you have a blackout, just close your eyes and recite an entire Aerosmith song in your head and then read the question again. Clears your head right up. Works like magic, trust me.”
“Your smile when you’re confused.” And he saw it in Dean’s eyes: they lit up, if dimly. “Your snoring when you fall asleep on the dining table. And the face you make when you touch something icky, you princess.”
“Bobby’s finishing up in the kitchen, Ellen and Jo are stuck in traffic, and Charlie is taking a shower upstairs to get werewolf blood off her, so...” He gestured at a Christmas tree in a corner of the living room. “I started on my own.”
"Emergency contact," said Castiel, as if this solved the issue, although his forehead was creased and he was struggling to wrap his mind around the idea of a guy he'd lived with for months being a hunter.
“You two are engaged?” Asked the lady. They let out a nervous laughter. Then Dean looked at him and said,
He got into his room and closed the door behind him. Garth looked up from a book and waved at him from his bed. He had earphones on.
“It’s so dumb. People spend a hundred dollars on this one day that has nothing special about it just so their partners would think they still love them. If we all just started trusting each other, Valentine’s Day would be obsolete.”
“Should we be worried about what our clothes say about us?” He asked. Dean thought about that for a moment.
“What are you talking about?” Asked Castiel as they climbed the last steps to the second floor. From there, there was an opening in the ceiling leading to the attic. He put his box down and grabbed a ladder that leaned against one of the walls. “I would have kicked his righteous bottom in his own kitchen.”
“You’d rather watch ESPN than Lion King,” said Castiel doubtfully, raising an eyebrow at his computer.
He screened all his calls. If he had a job before, he couldn’t remember what it was now. Some days he remembered to go to school.
“Open the treasure!” Called Balthazar, and others joined the chant. Dean hurled his sword down and the lock fell apart. The shouts grew louder for a moment and then the group fell silent. Dean reached for the cap of the chest, and opened it.
“The knife slipped out of her hand,” Cas argued. The bell for fourth period rang and everyone got up from their seats, saying goodbye, except Cas and him.
“Feel better,” he said. He shoved Dean’s list into his pocket, hesitated, patted Dean’s shoulder cautiously as though he were trying to imitate Dean’s manner of doing it, and finally hopped off the deck in a swift motion and strode down the pier into the city.
He picked up a pair of socks and looked at them before shoving them into his bag. “Same,” he said tonelessly. He glanced at his roommate and sent a hand under his pillow, inconspicuously placing the knife that was there in his bag. Now he just had to get the ones under the desk and inside one of the shower tiles.
Dean leaned back in his chair, and Castiel turned to look out the window again. He rested his head against it, watching the trees fly by. When he was very small – four, or maybe five – his older brother used to take him to watch fish in the lake. He knew the names of all the trees and the plants and the little creatures hiding inside the ground. It was magic: sitting on a rock by the lake, swinging his feet above the ground, listening to nothing but the sky and the water. Watching the fish swim about underwater and feeling the sun on his skin. In those moments he made an effort to forget everything he possibly could except for the gentle whoosh of the water.
He looked down at his brother, expecting to see deep disappointment in the lines of his face – and finding something entirely else there.
“Just proving my point,” Castiel noted. “We're twenty, and you're right, we don't know anything about children, nor are we ready financially or mentally to have a child.”
“Alright,” he sighed. “Come on. I’ll give you a ride home. And I’ll buy you lunch tomorrow to make up for this whole thing.”
Dean put the trophy down and wandered off to another shelf. He touched one of the cursed boxes, then looked at his dusty fingers and wiped them on his pants with a frown.
“You’re lucky she likes me,” Cas said, reaching out to take the plates Dean was holding. “I’m not even sure she likes you.”
“Hey, Cas?” He said, resting his head on the edge of the pillow. He could already feel his brain getting fuzzy with webs of sleep.
. But he thought that – maybe – for the first time, his father was starting to remember what being a human felt like. And here Castiel had thought he’d forgotten.
“Good.” Dean scratched his head, and his eyebrows furrowed. “Kind of weird. You’ll see. But hey, good luck.”
Dean’s eyes didn’t leave the page when they left. He examined the numbers, the quality of the paper, the concealed circles.
“I don’t have power over any life,” he replied stiffly. He felt as though the blood was freezing in his veins; this was going to kill him, one way or the other. This was going to turn his heart to stone.
The doctor slid his glasses on and looked through his files for a moment. Then he eyed Claire and Jack.
“Oh. Right. I just ended up going home and having a huge fight with...” He glanced at Castiel. “Um. My neighbor.”
“I don’t care about books,” came Dean’s automatic reply. He studied Cas’ face for a sign of scorn, but there was none. He really didn’t mind paying 14.99 for a practical stranger just because they’d looked excited. Meg and Hannah and everyone who seemed to try their damnest to stay away from him…
Something glinted dimly in one of the drawers, and he paused to look at it. His amulet. He’d worn it for half a decade before he did what he did and Sam told him to take it off.
“I found something about it while you were gone, actually,” said Bobby. “Couple of sources say it starts glowing around God. Saying he’s the only one who can turn it off, too. That ever happen to you?”
“We need to find out what’s there,” said Bobby. “Any idea why Dean was keeping an eye on it? Does it look familiar?”
He spotted Cas on the other end of the crowd and ducked his head to hide behind a junior girl in heels. They’d spoken a few times in the past months, but Dean had been careful to keep his distance. Gym classes have become nearly unbearable. He didn’t need any more trouble in his life than he already had; they could keep being outcasts on different sides of the room.
Castiel stammered. “Don’t you think we should wait and… find a safe place to hide it before we open it?”
“As I was saying,” Dean panted, still grinning. He bounced to his feet, pulling Castiel up. “I’d taken you for a stuck up royal airhead, but I never took you for a pirate.”
Dean watched the skeleton burn in its armchair slowly, nonchalantly. “I don’t know,” he said, perplexed, eyebrows pulling together. “But it worked.”
Dean adjusted in his chair. He clearly wasn’t feeling any more comfortable than Castiel was. “Say, doctor, when did you move into town? I think I might’ve seen you around.”
"We can talk. What do you want to talk about? We can talk about birds. Did you know birds are the descendants of dinosaurs?"
“You got me a lightsaber?” Dean breathed. “Oh my god. Cas. Imagine killing monsters with that thing.” And he swung it through the air experimentally.
He watched his father lying unconscious on the bed. “We got in a car crash,” he said. “Father was inside the car. We’re in the hospital now.”
“I don't have the right?” Cas halted abruptly, forcing Dean to stop and turn to face him – not out of a sense of commitment, but out of a burning, spiteful need to fight. To explode. To push back.
“It would be nice to get to know him,” Castiel mused. “Anyway, it’s been a long day. Should we go to sleep?”
“Psychologist Near You?” Castiel read. He squinted at the blond woman on the screen. “She does look familiar.”
At that, Castiel unwound a little. He unfolded his arms and leaned back against the kitchen counter. Finally, he could make himself useful.
He wasn’t sure what he’d expected. It was silly to expect anything, really. But it being silly didn’t make not expecting any easier.
"Twenty?" Claire asked. She watched herself on the screen. To her, it was a lifetime. To Dean it felt like it had been a week. "Must've been hard," she said. "I can't imagine raising a baby at this age."
Couldn’t let stupid Gordon be the thing that broke him. He shook his head and started running again, gaining momentum, stretching his muscles.
So, silence it was. Silence, and dreadfully hoping his father wouldn't bring up threesomes ever again.
The rest of the day had a typical holiday feeling. Sweaters and socks, watching the tree, opening presents. Around lunchtime, he spotted Dean pull Bobby and Sam aside for an apology. Then Dean plopped back on the couch and rested his feet in Castiel's lap.
“Being rude to each other?” Cas let out a faint exhale, as if he had stepped on a sprained ankle and tried not to let it show quite how much it hurt. “Would you believe me if I said you're the nicest person I've met today?”
“Because I love-“ He cut himself off, sucked in a breath. “As a friend,” he said coolly after a moment, trying to save some face. “I love him as a friend.”
?” Dean tried. This time, the beast’s tail fell into the water with a wide splash and it let out a low cry.
His phone buzzed, too, and at that moment Cas showed up down the hall and walked toward them. Dean was too busy looking – and then too busy trying not to look – to notice his sister taking concerning interest in Cas’ appearance.
He didn’t think about what this meant. He didn’t begin to think about the motives behind anything Dean had said tonight. Instead, he reached into the pants, and he grabbed. Dean let him go and they charged, fighting their way through the soldiers.
“C’mon.” Dean patted his back and nudged his own foot, aiming for Cas’ face. Cas grunted and stretched (not with his arms; with his back. Seriously.
“Of course,” Dean said, and now he was smiling in a very sweet way that was simply confusing. He could go from Assbutt-Guy to Charming Boyfriend in a heartbeat, and Castiel could barely do one at a time. “We’re a team, right?”
“Take a seat,” said Amara. To her sides sat her royal advisers, Crowley and Rowena, and his brother Gabriel. Castiel sat before them.
“I'm scared of heights,” he said, looking into Castiel’s eyes with new familiarity. As if they’d shared something.
Dean dropped a duffel bag on the floor. “This is Sammy... Is this your family?” He asked, peeking into the living room.
No one else wanted to go outside in this freezing temperature. But Cas had never seen snow before. So now they were standing outside, Cas looking in, and Dean looking at him.
He leaned his head on his fist to cover it and looked away. Great. Now he was feeling self-conscious about his looks.
“You... may kiss the groom,” Garth mumbled. “When you, uh, disconnect, you can take those rings off your dirty shoelaces and put them on your fingers.”
Maybe this was Castiel’s problem: he didn’t care enough. Not about girls, or making friendships, or the practice of wooing. And now, look where it got him: sitting next to the second-to-least popular guy in class – only second to Castiel himself.
“Realized he knew them. Tried to convince them he was breaking bad. Your vampire friend was just one more reason for her to believe Dean had switched sides.”
“Kiss me senseless, you buffoon,” he whispered, his tone so fierce that it melted everything around them, everything that wasn’t Dean’s flaring eyes, his warm breath, his fingers feeling so natural around Cas’, as if that had never stopped being where they belonged.
He walked out the door of the big, suffocating hall and into a hallway leading outdoors. Christmas decorations lined the walls and hung from the ceiling in red, green and white. Even still inside, the freezing outside temperature seeped through cracks in the windows and under the gymnasium door. He wrapped his arms around himself, crossing the hallway in determined steps. When he heard the door open behind him, he didn’t turn around.
“Of course not,” he said. His voice came out a little high. Dean looked at him suspiciously. And then the phone buzzed.
He spared a moment to wish with all he had that Cas didn’t see through his bullshit as easily as he saw through Cas’ now. Then he said:
Dean wasn’t sure how to feel about it. He looked away, but didn’t pull his hand free. It wasn’t… it wasn’t so bad.
“Laugh all you want, buddy,” Dean said. “But you just entered a life-long deal. I won’t let you go.”
"Later," Dean asserted and knelt down again. He wrapped Cas' good arm around his own shoulders and helped him up.
Dean put a hand on her shoulder. "It's gonna be alright," he said securely, and didn't believe it one bit. "But we have to go."
“You can’t tell him,” Dean rushed to say. “You shouldn’t, Cas. This world, the real world, the world with killer shapeshifters and asshole angels and werewolves, it’s terrifying. If everyone knew, it would be chaos.”
“You didn’t have a dollar,” Dean repeated, and his own words elicited another wave of laughter. His eyes teared up. This was hysterical. All of this – Cas getting drunk, Cas thinking he was perfect, Cas wanting to stand in line for the kissing booth – while Dean is on the other end of it – it was all absurd. But the dollar thing was just
He shut the case closed and stared at a spot in the air. Then, a blue dot appeared in the middle of the room, sizzling into a wide, flat circle of light. Out of the circle stepped the old lady from the school library; once she was out, the circle fizzled into thin air. The whole process took less than five seconds.
“Except that,” he added more dismally, “your crew should be here soon, if they survived. The tunnels should all lead to the same place. Two of us might not do, but a dozen surely will.”
“Yeah,” said Sam, and there was uncertainty in his voice. Not unsure of his words – but rather afraid of Castiel’s reaction. Sam was saying:
“Shut up. This is stupid. She’s gonna be so edgy and cool when she’s eighteen, she’s not gonna wanna see her parents acting like idiots every year in front of a camera. Claire, say hi to the camera, baby.”
He broke, then, and let out a breath it felt like he’d been holding since he answered that phone call.
Alright. This might be hard to explain. “What I did… let’s say it looked a lot like I killed a girl. But I didn’t.”
If not for the overwhelming volume of teen noises inside, this house would have been eerie. In the dark, the exterior looked decayed and untended. The interior looked like Dean’s nightmares about being ripped apart by hellhounds and going to hell.
He couldn’t believe he was doing this. He was making a complete fool of himself, and Cas would never want to speak to him again after this.
Dean looked behind him. Someone must have reacted to his stare – his eyes narrowed in the slightest. He measured Castiel for another moment – trying to read his thoughts, to guess his motives. And then he nodded toward Castiel’s right – Charlie. She came to the table and put Castiel’s belongings on it: a few bullet shells, his clean underwear, his documents – where the map, now in Dean’s hands, had been – and his gold. He took the small bag, glancing inside it to make sure none of it was missing – Dean’s brows fell low over his eyes at the movement – and then he stuffed the rest of his belongings into his pockets.
“I knew there was a case. He wouldn’t tell me anything else. Said he needed the job to keep an eye on the crowd.”
“I don’t think that’s true,” Charlie said, but he was already getting up. He walked towards Cas until he got to his table, and knocked on it like a door.
“I mean- you don’t need to say yes. You know what, forget it. Don’t say yes. I take it back. I unsay it. It’s unsaid. It’s not... not said.”
Maybe he didn’t want this moment to be over. Maybe it was his turn to impress. Maybe every day in this town was building up inside of him, and he just needed to do something ridiculously stupid before he blew up. On all accounts, this was the least stupidest stupid thing he could choose to do.
Or maybe it wasn’t, and Castiel was reading too much into it. He couldn’t really know when they weren’t talking about it.
“Black, black, blue, beige, white, white, white... Hey, Cas?” Dean looked at him. “Ya boring.” He put the clothes into a box – and found a hidden shelf behind them.
Ms. Mills recounted weird-sounding traditional foods in the background. “…Latkes, fried cakes, kneidlach, rugelach…”
“A soldier,” Castiel answered grudgingly. He was afraid there was no good wisdom in arguing with a man that’s holding a sharp object at your breathing canals.
Balthazar snorted. Charlie shook her head silently, shoving her hands into the pockets of her hoodie.
He unfolded the page, showing it to Castiel, as if he hadn’t seen it a thousand times before. Behind him, Charlie stood with her expression smooth, watching Castiel’s reaction.
“They did.” Dean felt his eyebrows furrow. It had been really confusing, trying to figure out what the hell these forms wanted from his life with no one to explain it to him. And he couldn’t say he cared much about school after what had happened in the months prior to his family moving here. “I think I wrote down comic art and architecture.” He didn’t remember putting anything in third place. Was that bad? He hoped they wouldn’t put him in advanced origami. “What did you write down?” he asked.
“Sixteen year old Sam,” Castiel said, his lips pressing together. Charlie never mentioned the dude had nerves of steel when it came to keeping a poker face. “Lives here, down the hallway.”
And once that was settled, Dean tugged on his collar and pulled him smoothly, sweetly, into a kiss. Like nothing ever happened, like he’d never been gone at all. Same breath, same touch, same heartbeat against his.
Somewhere in the back of his mind, Dean’s words raised a red flag. Something to look out for. Something vaguely disconcerting, right next to Hell and the God talk that he’d acknowledged should be worrying him but instead shoved deeper into the back and chose to ignore. Shook it off just like Dean seemed to shake his own unease.
“I’m not gonna bullshit you,” he said finally, with a tinge of bitterness, as if he were resenting himself for his own words.
Castiel leaned against the counter and stared at his tea. He’d dreaded this moment, and now that it was happening, it was exactly the way he’d thought it would be. Dean saw him, and went to lean beside him.
“You're just gonna have to accept it eventually,” she said. “It's okay if it takes some time. But there comes a point when you're gonna have to stop looking."
Twenty minutes later, he watched Dean park the car in front of him and step out carrying a white plastic bag.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” From the corner of his eye he could see Cas notice the note in his locker, open it, read it, and glance at him with a flicker of something intense and warm in his eyes.
The men gasped all at once. They peeked inside once and again, as if to make sure that their eyes weren’t deceiving them.
Fifteen minutes later, they were in the same position, but horizontal, and Dean was pouting even harder. “Turn the light off, will you?”
At that, Dean huffed out a short, quiet laughter. “I'd think one would know for certain his religious orientation. You don’t really sound sure.”
“Ugh.” Dean threw his head back in mock frustration, and his eyes caught something that hung from the ceiling.
“Alright,” Castiel replied. He weighed his options for a moment. He didn’t want to embarrass Dean, or put him in an uncomfortable position, and surely, there were two dozen things he already knew about him which answering wouldn’t constitute a challenge…
“Get it away,” he whispered. Castiel sent a hand to his hair, but the spider climbed down the back of his head and bit. Dean lost his cool, his arms flailing around to try and fling the spider away. He stumbled over slippery gravel and fell onto his back, sliding down the tunnel in a ruckus. Castiel hurried after him.
“There’s something I need to ask you,” he said, swimming closer to it than he’d ever dared before. The creature watched him peacefully. “Do you understand?”
"Neither option is ideal," said the doctor. "But with your kind of injury, at your age, I would approve of you taking a flight. I'd consider a couple hours' flight over an entire day on the highway if I were you. Save you some pains and discomfort."
“Yeah,” Dean cut her off. The people pushing past them were getting kind of rough, and he kept walking. “Advanced origami. It’s coming back to me.”
“When creating any flower arrangement,” the teacher went on, “But especially a dinner party one, you don’t want it to be too high, because then guests can’t see each other.”
“Yeah, okay. I’ll tell him.” He turned back around and touched Cas’ shoulder. “Hey.” He pointed at Meg, working to make his voice sound casual. “Garth got you another date.”
“Wrong knife,” she smirked and pulled the blade out of her body, shoving it into Dean's shoulder. “See ya.”
Castiel resisted the urge to grit his teeth as Charlie stripped him of what few belongings that managed to survive this far along the road with him. She patted his pockets, searched his shoes, and eventually she had on the floor a small pile of whatever little possessions that were supposed to join him in his new life. There was a cartridge of silver bullets, a few gold coins in an old leather purse, a pair of clean underwear – at which the captain squinted with complete befuddlement, and Castiel claimed defensively that good hygiene was very important for a longer and healthier life – and a bundle of documents. Castiel couldn’t stop himself from looking at the pile, his body tensing. He barely saw anything past it, barely heard anything above the blood pumping hard behind his ears, and yet he knew the captain was watching him with an expression as sealed and cold as blue steel.
They were friends, he supposed. Well, Charlie called it acquaintances; they traded the occasional homework question and helped each other on school projects. But Dean has always been dreadfully nervous around Cas. (Cas wasn’t nervous. Cas was perfect.)
“Come on.” Cas nudged his arm. “We're best friends. It would be stupid to ruin our real relationship because of our fake one.”
“Making mistakes isn’t something you should always avoid,” Castiel offered. “Sometimes you need to learn things your own way. That’s okay.”
It also didn’t help that on Monday morning, being too sick to show up to school, he was avoiding Dean’s calls and instead distracted himself by tidying his room. There, on the floor, he found the newspaper Dean had used to wrap his present in. He picked it up, about to throw it in the trash, when he caught the headline:
It was too wrinkled, the ink too smudged for her to read it all, but fractions of sentences were still readable.
Cas’ porch had no chair, but it did have a cross by the door. Like they were guarding the house from vampires. Dean stared at it.
Besides... he did miss the little things. Like picking his own clothes, or a reassuring hand on his shoulder.
“What? I could be wrong.” It hung between them as they watched Anna approach Dean. They smiled at each other, and she said something. Then he touched the back of his neck and said something back. Her face fell a little. He said something that seemed to be a question, his eyebrows rising slightly, and she pointed back at Meg and Castiel. Dean nodded, and Castiel could make out the
He lifted his head sharply and looked at her. “What trouble? What trouble could I possibly get into?”
He scratched angrily at the back of his neck. Something had been bothering him there all day. He grabbed the back of his shirt and craned his neck to see the tag sewn into it. He dropped it and started opening his drawers looking for scissors.
They stood up in a rush, and Dean waved his hand at them. His shoulders were tense. Steps calculated.
Dean took a breath. Then, in his calmest voice, he said, "I am not bringing you to a meeting with Satan." He pointed at the house, and by the look on Claire's face, she could tell he was past the point of anger. "Go back in."
Having finished his sandwich and his half hearted massage, he brushed his teeth and headed towards his room. He would fall asleep, not thinking about Cas, Cas’ smile when he saw Dean at the fair tonight, or Cas’ eyes when the light hit them in the morning when he studied for his online classes by their dining table.
“I’m sure.” And the fact that Dean was as considerate as to suggest driving back the way he’d come just to let him study only made him more sure. “I’ll meet you in the parking lot.”
He climbed onto the bus, settling in a seat at the front. And maybe he hoped that Dean – standing in the aisle in line to take a seat – would take the seat next to him, but someone beside him coughed and said,
Dean turned away. He didn’t know how to respond to that, though his heart seemed to be reacting hard and fast enough for Cas to hear.
Maybe this was his problem: he didn’t try hard enough. He wondered how often it happened to Dean for him to give such advice – how many times pretty ginger girls came up to him and tried to seduce him. (or torture him? He still wasn’t sure.) A lot, surely. He seemed like a guy every girl in a hundred-feet radius would automatically fall in love with. Green eyes, a nice tan, freckles, self-assurance – no, feigned self-assurance. He could woo every girl in Castiel’s class into dating him, probably. And the senior girls, too. That would make about forty girls he could woo into dating him, simultaneously. They wouldn’t have minded, Castiel bet. But Dean didn’t seem to care the slightest about girls. Maybe he already had a girlfriend in Kansas. Or maybe he just didn’t care about girls.
“A winner ass,” Meg pointed out, and everyone sided with her. Dean argued, in a playful kind of way, and Garth nudged his arm fondly.
Castiel looked. There wasn’t anything particular about it; facing the camera, one hand resting on his hip, elbow bent to his... side.
"What's wrong?" Asked Castiel, and he could feel his chest tighten now that he said it, like admitting it out loud made it a reality. Something was wrong. He could see it in Dean's eyes when he uttered the words.
“Oh, I’m devastated,” said Dean. Castiel stretched an arm around his shoulders, and he rested his head back on it and stared at the ceiling. “You know if it weren’t for you I’d be getting all the treats in my Waluigi costume right now.”
Castiel thought about his last conversation with his father. Whether he should believe it. Whether he should just dismiss it as a drunk man’s babble.
“Alright,” said Castiel. “Alright. But I raise you this one.” And he pointed at a woman with an awfully realistic machete who seemed to be beheading a fake vampire. They squinted at the sight.
He paced back and forth in front of his table, his small audience watching him like cats watching a bouncing ball.
“You can’t be mean to me now,” he complained, like there was some kind of rule about dating people and making killer clown jokes about them.
The lady laughed in the kind of sociable way retail workers did when they were trying to telepathically signal you to go away.
Dean was gone. And in his absence, someone had to fill the space. Someone had to make the tough decisions, to deal with the consequences, to take care of his family.
“Down it,” Cas said, still surly. Dean recalled all the many times Cas had spit seaweed onto him, and began to see why.
“Something weird has been going on in the neighborhood,” said Michael after they said grace. “Castiel, could you pass me the potatoes?”
“Truth,” he said unwillingly, and he could swear April’s grin fell a little. When he faked a smile, Dean actually snorted into the bottle of water he was drinking from, although no one else seemed to find his smile so obviously dishonest.
“Um…” Castiel looked at the painting. “He was painting a fashion show and he forgot to paint their clothes.”
“Uh…” Cas scanned their selection of sandwiches behind the display case. It gave Dean a moment to look at him freely from a short distance for the first time. His dark hair was short and still somewhat disheveled. His shoulders were squared, straight and proud, as if he made a point of not caring what anyone else thought about him – or maybe as if he were waiting for an arrow to pierce through his back.
“We probably should," said Castiel. "You can’t hit snooze on a pooping baby. Can you? I’ve never tried.”
Slowly, as if Dean might stand up and leave if he made a wrong movement, Cas reached out and put his hand in Dean’s, between them on the bench.
They became a team of a sort, with Castiel quietly executing whatever mission at hand, and Dean rambling on while lifting and climbing and pushing with his usual dramatic chatter. They replaced torn ropes, planned route changed to avoid storms and climbed up the mast in search for land – Castiel’s favorite part, secretly, as he enjoyed the wind in his hair and the stunning outstretched landscapes and Dean beside him, with a childlike grin that seemed to never leave his face.
He looked around, disoriented. His whole body was sore, his head aching only slightly less than it did the previous day. It was a bright morning, but he wasn’t blinded by the piercing sun. Something was above him, blocking the light. He squinted upwards and met another pair of eyes.
“So what should I aim for?” Dean asked a few minutes in. His forearms were covered in flour, straining to knead the dough. Cas was lining up frosting materials on the counter.
It hurt. It hurt because when Castiel turned to look at Dean, the knife grazing the skin of his throat, he realized that Dean was never about to do that for him, but he would go as far as he had to for Dean. He was in love, stupidly, fallen right into the trap. And it hurt more than whatever the knife could do to his throat. It was lonelier than Castiel had ever imagined loving someone could be.
“I’ve got yours too,” Dean whispered. He put his stained gym shirt down and turned around to face Cas. “No matter what.”
“Well,” the captain raised his hand in a semi-dramatic gesture and flashed one of his bright-eyed grins at Castiel. “I reckon our fancy soldier boy would rather have a good looking chick caress him gently than he would me. Eh, Pumpkin?” He smirked at Castiel.
Granted, he liked bars, and this party was at one. But that didn’t make the socializing part any better. Especially since there wasn’t even going to be any alcohol.
He sat down of the sofa with Cas to his one side and Claire to the other. Claire grabbed the remote, and Dean opened one of the pizza boxes and handed Cas a slice with a soft, mildly-reluctant smile.
Meg snorted and said something Dean didn’t hear. She patted Cas’ shoulder and turned to leave, nodding Dean goodbye on her way out.
The blade was out of his reach. He struggled to stand up. The last thing he saw was his own face getting closer and closer, and his hand balled into a fist.
“My worst fear,” Castiel started, and for a moment he couldn’t continue. “My worst fear is everyone I love dying. And now that it came true, I don’t know what to do with myself.” He couldn’t look at Dean when he said it. He stared straight ahead. “Your turn.”
“’To Cas and Dean, you’re our OTP. Love, Sam and Charlie’,” Dean read with furrowed eyebrows. “Is this a wedding gift?”
And so this was a situation he found himself, voluntarily, inside of. Charlie showed up with dinner, which was pretty nice of her, or maybe just strategic since he wouldn’t have had much to offer her.
“I’m not completely sure that’s what I asked.” The Dr. seemed confused enough to, perhaps, not be completely sure it wasn't what she asked, either. “Would you say you sometimes feel uncomfortable around each other?”
’. For real, this looks like a bunch of ladies taking a shower together,” she said, turning to Castiel. “Your guess?”
“Great,” Dean said, looking out into the street and ignoring them both. Flower arranging was dreadfully boring with a dash of embarrassing on top. It was the mildest, blandest, mellowest form of sheer torture Naomi could have thrown at him. “It’s great.”
“A few. They also…” Cas didn’t sound so unaffected anymore. His voice was quiet and collected, as if it were a wall around him. “There was a plane crash,” he said. “I’m on my own.”
Was that an invitation? He wasn’t sure. He reached for Dean’s face, feeling the red skin that was slowly turning purple beneath his hot fingers. Dean shifted to be facing him, not meeting his eyes. The expression on his face made Castiel wonder if he were trying not to lean into the touch. Just the thought made butterflies twist his stomach mercilessly.
“Hey, um. Will you do me a favor?” He asked, and his voice wasn’t a hundred percent stable. “I... I’ve gotta go. Would you just stay right here until I come back?”
“I was in so much pain earlier,” Dean sighed as he pulled him up. “I just didn’t want Sam to worry ‘bout me.”
They looked down at the street quietly, a few floors below them. It wasn’t the comfortable sort of silence.
“It’s all gone,” said Castiel. Inconspicuously, he reached for a blade hidden in his sleeve. Dean, on the other hand, seemed all too puzzled and uncertain to be unobtrusive about the change in direction of his sword – from Castiel’s chest, slowly, towards his own people.
“Really?” Dean’s smile shifted into a smirk. “What’s harder to resist? The mold, or the squeaky third-hand dining chairs?”
. ...- . .-. -.-- - .... .. -. --. / .. ... / .- -.-. -.-. --- .-. -.. .. -. --. / - --- / .--. .-.. .- -.
She was leaning forward now, taking the ten dollar bill the guy was handing her. Castiel. He was in their class.
And then the spider landed on Dean’s head and Dean gasped weakly, comprehending his fate and clearly trying not to make an embarrassing noise.
No calls. So, his father didn’t have the drunk excuse this time. He just didn’t care; or didn’t notice.
“Lucky guess.” Garth tucked the end of the rag into a fold in the construction. “It’s alright, Dean.” He put a hand on Dean's good shoulder and looked him in the eye in an uncomfortably friendly manner. “You can let go.”
“You mind if I take a shower for a sec?” He asked as Castiel clicked to maximize the Chrome window that was already open. He pressed
“No,” he said carefully. The expression on Dean’s face shifted into one that Castiel has learned to recognize.
They had some things in common. Like college. They were enrolling into the same community college half an hour from their neighborhood next year, and Dean really didn’t want to make this guy his first enemy there.
“Dean.” Cas placed a hand on his back, between his shoulder blades, and he wanted to shake it off so badly that he almost thought he could break the door down if he tried. That was how bad he hated getting hurt. Being trapped inside this hurt.
“Yeah, ok,” Dean muttered. “T’was a joke, alright? And she took me seriously. I just wanted her off my back with the whole
When he snuck a glance sideways and his eyes caught Cas’, this silent smile passed between them that made him feel like they were on the same page. The quarreling was for Dr. Hanscum’s sake. The complaining was for credibility’s sake. The bickering was because somehow, after spending less than a couple hours together, they clicked too well not to argue. Having a nice conversation with someone was easy. Falling into a natural argument was a harder thing to fabricate. Kicking each other in the ankle whenever one of you almost exposed your embarrassingly inconsequential sham felt like something they’d been doing for years and not, well, for the first time just now, in an office that had a framed picture of a donut.
“Don’t drink from the punch!” He warned a group of girls that approached the drinks table. They looked at him with a raised eyebrow.
Dean wanted to smack his head against his desk. He watched his teacher with the small amount of patience he managed to muster.
One thing bothered him about their conversation right before the accident. One thing in particular that made it harder to dismiss the whole thing. Why did chuck tell him not to tell Dean? He knew Dean was missing, even encouraged Castiel to forget about him. So why did he imply that Dean was suddenly back, or that he was about to be back?
And he didn’t finish his sentence, because already his crew was charging at him and Castiel was flinging his sword around like he’s been practicing since he slipped out of the uterus.
“Can you believe it?” He repeated, his voice wilder now and deeply shaken, his expression forcing Castiel to purse his lips in order to suppress a smile. He was so alive, so fiercely alive, that it made Castiel feel like he was all in black and white and gray in comparison. Dean looked at him again, this time more successful in maintaining his balance, and got something from his pocket – a piece of paper, fluttering in the wind.
The principal approached the microphone, clearing his throat into it and damaging a bunch of people’s hearing. He spoke of the winter, of the semester ending in three days and of the new year that started three weeks ago. He spoke of the seniors finishing school in half a year, and Dean could almost get a whiff of that freedom in the air. He might find a college that would take him. He might find an apartment to share with a roommate in a different town – Cas or Charlie or a stranger who didn’t know anything about him, get a job at a pastry shop or a bookstore and hunt at nights. Maybe, if Cas really stuck with him, Dean could tell him about monsters one day, and maybe Cas would love him enough to believe him.
Dean tilted his head in the general direction of Cas. "My partner over there decided, for some reason, that he should take a bullet for you," he said. "But I don't trust you."
“Nothing,” she said, and her eyes jumped in the general direction of her phone and back to his face.
“I was thinking more ‘run around with it around the apartment in your underwear’,” he said, “But sure.”
“No,” Dean said. “Yes… it’s hard to explain. What you did, it was out of self defense, right?” Cas nodded. “What I did, I did to defend other people.”
“It won't be for free,” Dean rushed, and then paused, because he had not thought this statement through. “I'll give you... I'll give you this, uh...” He dug into his pocket and drew up, well, nothing. “This piece of lint,” he finished with more confidence than he had to show for.
“Hey,” Dean started, waving a finger in the air in protest, but the sharp movement made him lose balance and he almost slipped off into the open air. Castiel caught his shirt in a quick movement and pulled him back up smoothly. They were close now, close enough for Castiel to feel Dean’s breath on his skin, and smell the whiskey in it.
“There were two things on my mind when I wrote the lyrics,” he says, subtly ignoring Crowley’s question, and his eyes flicker to the camera for half a moment. Castiel takes a shallow breath, trying to restore the air that’s been punched out of his lungs. Seeing Dean’s face, his hand gestures, come to life in front of him for the first time in five years takes him aback. And if he had any doubt until now, it’s vanished, it’s completely gone.
He watched the road as Dean drove quietly. It was maybe six or seven minutes before the view changed, the houses shrinking down and then turning into old, short buildings, the cars old and tired, and the pavement turned from bricks to gray cement. Dean pulled up in an empty parking spot, and they got out of the car. He eyed Castiel – expecting him to look around in shock, maybe, or wear a horrified expression, but this was hardly the first neighborhood he’d visited that wasn’t filthy rich. Some of his siblings were worse off. He himself was probably going to end up in a one-bedroom with a moldy shower one day, and he was more than fine with that, so long as he didn’t have to take care of an old unconscious drunk.
“My dad went through some serious crap,” he said, staring at the floor. “But he never gave up on us, no matter how real shit got. And I never gave up on him.” He was quiet for a while before he added, “We were just that kind of family, I guess.”
“Charlie?” asked Castiel. He opened his sock drawer to grab some socks. Lying in the back of the drawer, where he’d put it away months ago, he saw something shine in silver. Dean’s present.
“She said you guys told her she should ask me out?” He said, and gave Castiel this look that was smiling and furrowing his eyebrows at the same time, like he was both amused and perplexed.
He didn’t know where he was going. He wasn’t one to roam aimlessly in castle halls, and the corridors were so intricate that anyone could easily lose his way in them. Now, he hoped he would get lost. There was nothing he wanted more than a reasonable amount of peace of mind.
He was being harsh, now, and he knew it. He didn’t feel anymore like he was in a tiny apartment, lying so close to Dean that he could feel it when he breathed. He felt like he was somewhere cold.
The relief that washed over Castiel was only restrained by his confusion. Why in the hell would Dean untie him, apologize to him? They must not have found it after all. Maybe one of the documents he’d taken with him subdued them, made them wary of others coming after him. He couldn’t think of a document that would scare a pirate into releasing him of custody, but then again, he had quite the stack of papers in his belongings. Had to take everything with him. After all, he wasn’t going back home.
Castiel tapped Meg’s shoulder. “We’ll catch up with you later,” he said, and they split from the line.
At this point, everyone knew he was getting his diploma. Everyone knew about his fake resume, and the effect it had on his reputation was baffling to Castiel. He’d become an enigma to the class, and their interest doubled when he wouldn’t say anything about his real past. He said once: “I could hold decades under torture without submitting, so I’m sure as hell not telling you whether I liked pickles as a kid no matter how many times you ask me, Karen.” Castiel really thought he was right.
“Cas?” He said again, lost as to what he should do next. He didn’t know what the etiquettes of a “my crush fell asleep in my bed” situation were. Does he leave him there and sleep on the couch? Does he wake him up? Does he… squeeze in?
“Aw, crap. I don’t have cash.” He handed Cas the book. “Sorry. I wasn’t expecting to actually get anything.”
“You don’t,” he said flatly and picked up his book, pretending to read. He thought about what Dean had said to him on his first day here:
By the time he cleaned the barf and returned to his spot behind the cash register, it was past noon, and Cas was nowhere to be seen. Shame. Dean really felt like scowling at someone some more, and he secretly worried that if he so much as thought of grimacing in Meg’s direction she would pull a knife out of her boot and put it against his throat.
“Forty?” Dean tilted his head slightly, as though unable to stop himself reacting to the strangeness of a refusal for money.
The man grimaced, and raised his head at the sound of someone’s call. He waved the watch at a boy and made a gesture with his hand implying
Cas’ eyes roamed his face, darts of concern shooting through the expressionless line of defense. He raised his hand and brought it to Dean’s face.
“So this was all just a trick?” He said through his teeth. His mind was already mapping out the weak spots in Dean’s body, devising a strategy against his heart’s will.
“Even better,” said Dean. “Make ‘em up. Just make all the lyrics up. Whatever sounds sappy enough in a badass classic rock kind of way.”
“Isn’t he a weirdo,” Meg muttered once he was gone. Castiel turned to her, wide-eyed. He felt that his expression gave away his confusion, but he couldn’t help it.
Charlie shook her head and took a seat beside him. “Forget about that. You’ve got almost a week. How’s the poem going?”
Hope, Dean thought. As much as he didn’t want to admit it. Didn’t want to think Cas wanted to make some relationship with a stranger work,
“And I don’t know if I can do that if you’re gonna judge me,” Dean said, and finally looked up at him. Castiel almost couldn’t stop himself from touching his hand. Just- just to make sure that he was alright.
Dean frowned. “Who’s calling you in the middle of...” he glanced at the clock. “Eight thirty in the evening?”
For some reason, Mr. Satan decided that six thirty in the morning would be a good time to meet in the school parking lot for the school trip. Castiel did not appreciate that decision.
And as he took a seat, the bus started driving. He watched Dean until they couldn’t see each other anymore.
“Congratulations,” said the lady, but he barely heard her. “What kind of rings are you looking for?”
Castiel stared at his hands. “I’ve thought about that,” he said. “I’ve thought about it a lot. But your brother... Do you know what he said to me when we were at our lowest point?”
“I shouldn't have asked you to do this. Not when I already had someone in mind that I was trying to forget about.” He’d started off heatedly, but his words crumbled toward the end. Still, he held Dean’s eyes.
“We didn’t even know she existed before last week,” said Bobby. “She doesn’t like to possess one body for too long, but she’s got a preference for possessing little girls.”
They broke off. Dean turned off the heating and made sure the safe was locked. Cas plugged out the Christmas lights on their way out. Dean held the door open for him, and then they stepped into the cold.
“Like, what could possibly happen if a woman watched that game that would make you go, ‘it would be better if we straight up killed her’.” Dean looked at him, his eyes shining with laughter, their knees touching under the table. Castiel looked down at his phone and cleared his throat. “I’ve got another one. They believed in zombies and took serious precautions to keep them from rising out of their graves.”
He knew it was. He knew this was the worst possible thing he could do in order to stay under the radar. If he was once afraid of what his mother would say if he made Cas his enemy, he couldn't imagine what she would say if she saw them like
“Yep,” she said. There was something about her expression that Castiel didn’t like; it was cunning. “This loser wanted to ask you something, though.” She nodded her chin at Anna.
He looked back at his plate, and scrubbed. Plates couldn’t grow old. “I’m getting good grades,” was all he answered. And that was a lie, too.
“You must have been a really good student to be able to skip senior year and work as a TA,” said Castiel. He settled in a corner table, and Dean sat beside him.
In the middle of winter, Wayward Sisters looked like a ghost town. The trees were bare. Fog settled around the buildings, swallowing everything in sight. Castiel spent most of his days in his room, studying.
“There's no such thing as good monsters,” Dean snapped. “Some creatures are just meant to kill, and good intentions won’t change that. It’s in their DNA.”
“Alright,” Dean said slowly. “Then, why did you take the gold and left the chest up there? And what did you do with the key? There must have been a key. And why didn’t you leave when you had the chance, if you knew you were leading yourself into a dead end?”
Castiel stood at the threshold, tapping his foot on the old doormat on the floor. It was the kind of mat with a written message, like ‘Welcome’, but instead of ‘Welcome’ it said ‘Go Away, Demons’. There was a black spot at a corner of it, and Castiel knelt down to look at it. It didn’t look like dirt; it looked like paint. He wondered whether something was written on the bottom. He touched the edge to turn it over, but at that moment, Dean opened the door.
There were lines for everything. Most stands were out in the open, but towards the back there was a small stone building with a big sign at the front:
Castiel ignored him and turned to the live camera footage on the computer, pressing the button for the middle schoolers to hear him.
Dean’s phone buzzed, and he spent a moment typing into it. “Sorry,” he said. “It’s my brother. About the, uh… Deer.”
By the time Cas came back, it was almost the end of their shift, and vest lady was nowhere to be seen.
“Yeah, that’s the one,” said Dean. They all sounded extremely uncomfortable, and not particularly convincing. The group was silent for a moment.
The street was packed with kids – they were good for one thing, at least; blocking out the wind. In less than ten minutes he would be home, covered in three blankets and eating leftover candy.
Claire elbowed Dean's side. "I'd like to see you drive slowly and carefully all the way back home," she said. "It'll take us twenty hours."
“Yep,” he said, and this time he wasn’t lying. Dean was always teasing him about studying too hard, pushing him to take more breaks. It wasn’t very effective, coming from a guy who was working three times as hard as him.
Castiel pursed his lips, and the scene of the college around him – the grass, the picnic tables, the gentle biting cold – it all faded into background.
Meg had warned him to stay away. If his mother knew anything about Cas, she would probably lock Dean up in a tower and make him grow his hair out to be able to pull her up through the window.
“And – the world is in chaos. The monster thing would make it ten times worse. People deserve to walk the streets feeling safe. As safe as they can feel, with… nuclear bombs and tornadoes.”
“Then you clearly haven’t seen him slide across a room in his socks and a robe, using a ladle as a microphone and singing passionately to Tiny Dancer,” said Sam.
“Alright, last year they asked us to fill this form and choose a class we wanted to take this year. It’s just extra credit, not an official subject, because it’s supposed to teach us about things we wouldn’t otherwise know and raise morale. So there’s, like, advanced origami, and…”
“Alright. Go back to bed. I’m-” But Claire was already climbing her way up the bed, stepping on his face and settling between Dean and him.
There were two floors to the SPN High library (the acronym stood for Stark, Parker & Negasonic Teenage Warhead): one for studying, with big tables and plastic chairs (the fancy kind) and rows of shelves along the walls, filled with study books and novels the school deemed teen-appropriate. The other, below it, was a proper library with columns of high shelves and a reading corner with stiff armchairs. It was mostly for the students and parents with small kids, but occasionally there was an old person sitting about.
"Five more minutes," he muttered. Dean buried his face in the blanket. Then, after a few moments, he gathered the energy to prop his chin on his forearm and poke Castiel with his free hand. "Come on, you butt."
“Sorry, buddy.” he turned to Castiel with a smile. “We could always go in and listen. Homo erectus and the Pleistocene geological epoch sounds… fascinating.”
“What’s this?” Dean asked. He took something from the floor that was thrown next to Castiel’s school workbooks, and turned it over. “Is this from the MoMA trip?” he asked, a smile sneaking onto his face. Castiel took a look – it was a photo of Dean standing beside a sculpture at the museum and mimicking it.
He didn’t explain. Maybe he figured the rumors had to have reached Dean by now. Maybe he hoped they hadn’t. He must have known Dean knew
There was a pause. He could have easily left it at that; but he couldn’t think of a better moment to ruin the holiday. And maybe it made him an asshole, but he couldn’t help but want to see the look on Michael’s face.
“Are you alright?” He asked while Dean punched his code in. The cold was biting, and he crossed his arms over his chest.
“I- Uh, promised Dean we’d sit together,” he answered quickly. Dean’s eyes locked with his, and he rushed forward.
“I need to stretch my legs,” Castiel said, watching him. Dean’s only response was a snort. Castiel grit his teeth. “You can’t possibly believe I could hurt you without any weapon.”
A familiar voice answered him, and everything around him disappeared like a fog clearing out. He was back in his bed, his limbs heavy, phone in hand. He’d answered it out of sleep.
“You’re gross,” said Meg. The bell for seventh period rang, and they got up clumsily. “Talk about creepy teachers.”
“Yeah. I don’t think we left anything alive. Except, we don’t wanna be here when people start finding the bodies.”
“I’m… not sure,” Castiel answered honestly. “I think Edlund was expecting the other pirates to bring some sort of ladder.”
It was a list, but not one specifying on food supplies or weapons or gold – what caught Castiel’s eye was the odd combination of words it presented.
“You’ve tried to escape once already, Honey Bear.” Dean’s lips set into his usual smile. “And I defeated you with no problem at all. So you must understand there’s no point in trying to escape again. You’d be a fool to try.”
He tore a page from a notebook and flattened it on the floor, writing as fast as he could. Barely taking in the shapes his own pen was drawing on the paper. When he got halfway through the page he stopped. Pushed himself up. He had no idea whether he was late to work, or maybe early. It didn’t matter. He collected his things in a storm. Left the room with his bag in one hand and the paper clutched in the other. Left the pen on the floor.
He sat leaning on his father’s spare car – his old one – and skimmed the parking lot of Sam’s school for a familiar face. Sam showed up after a minute, hugging him tightly. It took him by surprise, but he raised a hand to rest around Sam’s shoulder.
They got a medium and couple of drinks, and for the first time in forever, Castiel was starting to feel like a real person again. A person with friends (well, a friend). A person who did something other than study until he fell asleep and sleep when he was supposed to be studying.
“We don’t know the first thing about parenting,” he let out in what was almost despair. “I mean, how are we gonna raise a kid? A whole kid? Not to talk about a teenager...”
“Give it,” he said, undoing one of his. He took Dean’s shoelace and his own and slid a ring onto each of them, tying them at the ends.
When he made his way back to his friends, Dean looked utterly dejected. They looked at him sympathetically.
Dean raised his hands in the air so she could see inside his jacket. “You can pat me down if you want.”
He walked around the bed and changed into sleepwear. “She took it alright,” he said when Dean didn’t say anything.
“I think it’s safe to say we’ve got issues,” Dean insisted, for credibility’s sake. Beside him, Cas nodded, which would have been helpful, except it was kind of stepping on his point. Would’ve helped more if Cas yelled, or maybe threw a palm-sized plastic plant at him, but he didn’t know how to signal that with his eyes. “We're spending Valentine's Day in a therapist's office. If that's not rock bottom, I don't know what is.”
He was in Dean’s living room. Someone had covered him with a blanket – the same person, presumably, who was snoring lightly on the other couch.
“It’s not that weird,” he insisted weakly. In his lap, Dean sighed, and Castiel realized he might have been clutching his shoulder a little too tightly.
“On the hospital records. She was born here. Sixteen months ago. Her name is Claire Novak. And I can’t find her parents anywhere.” He furrowed his eyebrows at the child. “So I guess we’ll have to find something to do with her.”
"I don't know. Maybe not take a baby that's not yours?" He asked, and he was raising his voice now. Dean looked at him wordlessly, helplessly, and then buried his head in his hands. He took a breath. Castiel tracked the wooden lines of the table with his eyes.
