Dean laughs at his own stupid question, forgetting for the moment that he tried to kiss Cas more than once, and asks the next burning question in his head. “So if you’ve never kissed anybody, does that mean you’re... a virgin?”
“Gee, dad, I guess it slipped my mind somewhere between watching you get stabbed and me and Cas getting naked,” Dean says honestly. He hears the quiet huff of laughter from Sam and lets his smile grow. “You know now, anyway.”
There’s nothing Cas can say to fix any of that, but he knows Dean well enough to know it’s not words Dean needs right now.
Castiel doesn’t loosen his arms at all, not even when Dean hears the sounds of the people around them getting to their feet, and he’s glad because he’s not ready to let go yet. He’s literally on top of his husband barely six feet away from both of his parents and his brother, wrapped as tightly around him as two people can be with all of their clothes on, but he doesn’t spare them a thought. Thankful can’t even begin to describe how he feels right now, how deep his gratitude runs, how awesome and scary it is that Cas has enough power to bring a man back from the brink of death, but none of it matters compared to the relief of knowing his dad’s okay.
“Fair point. But the difference is we’re just friends and will always be just friends, so it’s not exactly a declaration you have to make.”
“I know I keep saying this, but you have no idea how happy I am,” Cas gushes. “How happy you’ve made me. How much I love you and our child, already so much more than I ever thought I could love anything.”
the things that he probably shouldn’t when it comes to Cas, like not being able to keep his hands to himself, introducing Cas to new music, and watching him enjoy it for the first time. He doesn’t want to give that up right now—not even for his soulmate.
Emboldened, he goes right back to that little spot. He opens his mouth wider and lets his tongue flick against it, earning himself another encouraging sound from Cas that means he does it over and over. He drags his hand up there, too, rubbing his thumb over that one spot as he keeps his mouth traveling up to the tip, his own cock almost unbearably hard again when he sees the clear fluid seeping out of the tip of Castiel’s cock. He mouths around the head, avoiding the small pool of fluid and the burning curiosity he feels to sample it, to learn exactly how Cas tastes when he’s so horny he actually
Castiel laughs lightly, feeling some of the pressure of entertaining someone as charismatic as Dean beginning to lessen as he leads him into the living room towards Grace. Grace is in her swing, happily rocking side to side as the world whirls around her.
It isn’t easy to think quickly enough to come up with a believable response while his brain is whirling with the impossibility of what Dean just said. “I... thought you said you didn’t have a soulmate,” he says weakly.
It’s louder closer to the bar where there’s so many more people, and Dean has to raise his voice accordingly. “You okay?”
They walk inside and follow the signs to find the right place to go, and Cas walks up to a lady behind a glass window. He greets her and hands over the paperwork, and while Dean thought that would be it, she opens it up and starts going through it right there. Once she verifies there’s no obvious mistakes, she starts typing shit into the computer while Cas reaches for his wallet.
Liam nods his head and then his tiny voice comes out, sounding so much smaller than Dean’s ever heard it. “I love you, mommy. I miss you. I like our picture book.”
“Jesus Christ that’s hot.” He lifts his eyes to Cas’s face so he doesn’t feel uncomfortable, and purposely allows his hands to climb the ladder of Cas’s ribs. He doesn’t keep any of the awe or affection out of his voice when he says, “You’re so fucking sexy, Cas.”
Dean had just gotten his driver’s license and since his dad was always too drunk to drive and it was too cold outside to do much else, they spent a lot of time after Sam went to bed just driving around in the Impala, listening to music, and stopping to explore whenever they saw something interesting.
There’s a small silence where they just lie there with his hand covered with Cas’s until Cas says, “It was kind of weird to meet him though, right?”
Dean grunts in reply, not feeling anywhere close to being ready for conversation yet. He fixes his coffee and stands at the counter to drink it down, hoping it works its way into his system as quickly as he finished it. He readies his second cup before he grabs a bowl and some Frosted Flakes, then with his cereal ready to eat, he joins Cas at the table.
the table set when he sees Cas cross the hall from the bathroom to their room with a towel wrapped around his waist.
“Be good and eat your vegetables,” Cas says dryly, and Dean couldn’t hide his grin for anything. This is
“I apologize, Dean,” he says lowly. “I believe that was my first experience with jealousy, and it certainly wasn’t very becoming of me to treat somebody you care about in that fashion. When we’re done here, I’ll find Cain and apologize to him, as well.”
“I enjoy the way you taste,” Cas explains, feeling an embarrassed blush work its way across his cheeks.
Dean’s barely stroked himself from root to tip, but already, he can feel his orgasm building. “Yeah, I—I’m close.”
He’s in bed Tuesday night, trying to remind himself Dean wouldn’t have been texting him all week if he was going to just blow him off altogether, when he finally gets the invitation he has been waiting for. Dean wants to hang out after work tomorrow. He offers to go to Dean since Dean won’t have to cart his guitar around that way, but once Dean realizes that means Castiel will have to walk or Lyft since he doesn’t have a car, he insisted on coming to him.
and you went and got your brother to—to make m-me—a special pie even t-though I didn’t even say th-thank you even once.”
“You’re such good company,” Dean says dryly. Cas huffs a laugh, and Dean adds, “Plus, I guess you’re pretty easy on the eyes.”
close to the edge that he releases his cock with a sharp breath. Thankfully, judging by the increasing breathlessness to each sound Cas makes, the tiny little whimpers he just hears over the slick sound of his mouth sucking cock, and the way Cas’s fingers are twitching in Dean’s hair, Cas is close, too. A particularly deft twist of his tongue around Cas’s crown gets another tug of his hair, and this time, he hums purposely to encourage him.
He absolutely will, but Cas doesn’t need to worry about that on top of everything else. “Don’t worry, after the shitty work I did yesterday ‘cause I couldn’t stop thinking about you, I’m gonna need to concentrate to get caught back up.” He gives the side of Cas’s face a quick pat, and then turns away. “I’m gonna go catch that shower.”
Dean snorts. “I can. It was hilarious.” Castiel rolls his eyes fondly at his husband. It’s been almost ten years since they met and got married in their mid-twenties, and Dean hasn’t lost an ounce of his boyish charms
They don’t even get through the doorway before they realize they’re going to need some light. They both pull out their phones and turn on their flashes, and as soon as Dean steps inside, he’s hit with a noseful of must.
Dean’s heart drops to his feet the second he hears the word. “Manitoba? Isn’t that—isn’t that in Canada?”
Remembering how expensive dinner was, Dean shakes his head. “Dude, you already dropped a buttload of cash tonight.”
“Makes sense,” he comments. “We should—” But the words get stuck in his throat because that must be when Cas notices his change of clothes. Cas lacks any and all subtlety when he rakes his eyes down his frame and back up again, stopping to linger on his torso long enough that he causes Dean’s cheeks to burn again.
“Nooooo!” Liam drags out. Then he looks at Cas. “He won’t, right? ‘Cause you’re the boss and you—you can tell him no, right?”
Things change—sometimes an entire life in an instant—but by the looks of it as he pulls into his hometown for the first time in a decade, Pinewood Grove just isn’t one of them. He feasts his eyes on one familiar sight after another: Bobby’s General Store still has the dingey-looking sign he remembers, and if he had to bet on it, he’d guess Bobby’s still got the same old ball cap on top of his head he wore all those years ago. There’s Heavenly Treats, though there’s
“Wouldn’t dream of it, sir,” Dean snarks right back. “I’m just worried about your old ass getting hurt.”
Dean nods as he takes another swig of his beer, noting that Cas hasn’t even touched his since they were delivered. “Don’t like your beer?” he wonders.
“Pecan,” Dean suggests. If she’s fucking him over every chance she gets and she isn’t even bothering to hide it well, she can damn well make him his favorite pie.
“Almost as happy?” Dean repeats incredulously. “It’s not physically possible for you to be any happier than I am right now, I can tell you that.”
After exchanging greetings, Donna leaps right in with, “We need yas to get a car seat for Liam, and we need to make sure you have it installed correctly—those little buggers can be tricky, ya know—and then we thought we could get him settled in for good tomorrow.”
“I guess,” Dean agrees. He never really thought about it before, but Cas does make a point. They spend every evening together with Hunter. They eat as a family with Hunter either in a sling or in his baby chair, go for a swim, take Hunter on a walk in his stroller, or go for a drive when Hunter just won’t settle, and he’s pretty sure both he and Cas enjoy that. Hell, he’s had the thought more than a couple of times that he wouldn’t enjoy most of it with anybody
He nudges Cas’s chin up and seals his mouth to the bolt of his jaw, licking and sucking on every hot spot he knows damn well Cas has by now. He uses his hips to spread Cas’s legs, then bends his knees and grinds up until their groins are slotted together. “Learning every inch of you.”
For the first time ever, Liam asks to stay up later “for Cas’s birffday”, but as amusing as it is, they shut it down real fast. Not only do they have exciting things to do after he’s in bed, they also don’t want to set a precedence of letting him stay up late just because he begs for it. Liam goes down without a fight, but while he was hoping that Liam would tell Cas that he loves him tonight after he said it in the bedroom earlier, it turns out they just get their regular goodnights.
Cas presses their lips together again sweetly, and then he gets onto his knees and spreads Dean’s legs further apart. He runs his hand along the seam of Dean’s ass and smears the slick from his hand along his cock, and Dean would be lying if he said his heart wasn’t pounding extra hard with a little bit of nerves here, because Cas’s cock is a hell of a lot bigger than his fingers and he doesn’t want it to hurt.
“From everything I’ve read, yes. I was hoping I could find it and help you feel as good as you deserve.”
This is it. If he brings their lips together right now, he knows there’s no going back from it. There won’t be anybody else because this will be how they get back together and the beginning of their happily ever after, and he’s never been so sure about anything in his life. Peace washes over him as that resonates at his core, and Cas’s eyes smile back at him like he knows, like he can tell every doubt Dean has about them as a couple has temporarily left the building, and that’s what causes Dean to push the last little bit into Cas’s space.
drawn to Cas. He’s literally unable to look away from the blue eyes that have starred in his dreams more often than he’d care to admit, and his pulse is racing for a hell of a lot more than nerves now. It’s for
They get ready for bed after that, but when the lights go out, they stay awake talking for hours instead of going to sleep. They talk more about their childhoods, Dean tells Cas how his mom got sick and his dad drank himself to death within a year, how he’s always wanted to have the kind of home his mom would feel welcome in and be proud of him for making. How the scent of pie baking always makes him think of his mom, and how even though he never told her, he knows without a doubt that she would’ve supported him for coming out.
ready to move this along, so he arches his back and pushes back into it with a breathy little, “Yeah.
“Dean,” he says, smiling softly down at the remote in his hands. “This is such a thoughtful gift. Thank you. I love it.”
“It’s not what you’re doing so much as how you’re doing it,” Cas explains. “You’re sure of yourself in a way I’ve only seen you when you had my dick in your mouth.”
Dean shrugs, but he also aims that special just-for-him smile at him, and Cas can see the answer before he says it. “That okay?”
“You want something bigger?” Cas asks, sounding surprised. Then a second later as the reason sinks in, he says, “Oh. We’ll need more bedrooms. Yes, that’s a good idea if you’re willing to spend your money on us.”
Dean nods, reassured enough by his words to continue. “The consensus is that my dad’s going to lose his mind when he comes back to see you’re a prince instead of a princess, and he’s going to do everything in his power to stop our wedding.”
“The movie can wait,” Cas decides, sliding his hand back under Dean’s shirt and onto his bare hip this time. “But I don’t want to.”
Dean works side-by-side with Bobby training their new men, and Castiel spends his days helping Jo with the greenhouse and tending to the chickens. John talks to them both about that repeatedly, trying to convince them that’s no job for a prince and that they have hired help to handle those things on purpose, but Castiel insists it makes him happy, and with Dean and Mary’s support, John has no choice but to let it go.
Dean does so wordlessly, and his eyes follow the movement in front of him while Cas grips the back of his shirt and pulls it over his head and off his shoulders. Dean’s dying to see what he looks like, but he purposely keeps his eyes locked with Cas’s so he doesn’t freak him out. Cas smiles, wobbly but there, and then he lays himself out on top of Dean. The sensation of skin-on-skin and a hard, masculine body on top of him for the first time in so long has the beginning of a low moan spilling from between his lips, but he cuts it short when he notices Cas trembling on top of him.
skin-to-skin contact, and ultimately, working his hands beneath Castiel’s boxers. Once he’s thought of it, it’s all he can think about, and within seconds, he has his fingers teasing under the elastic band of Castiel’s boxers with his heart in his throat. When Castiel whispers his permission between suddenly intense kisses, Dean shoves his hands down the back of Castiel’s boxers and feels the firm globes of Castiel’s ass cheeks with nothing between them for the first time.
Cas reaches over and gives his thigh a little rub after that, and Dean wonders briefly if his face is going to be red the entire time he’s home, or if he’ll get used to Cas saying things like that while he’s rubbing his fucking thigh. (If he had to bet, he’d go with the former.)
“Yeah, of course,” Dean says, nodding eagerly. “I made Bela promise I could fly in you, Sam, and Jess at Christmastime, and Bela said once I work my 100 hours in a month, the rest are optional to pick up. So I can come back and visit anytime that happens.”
“Just FYI,” Donna says, swallowing down a bite. “You’re looking at thirty dollars a day for the daycare Liam’s currently in.”
“Guys?” Sam says, stepping towards them. “The tailor needs one of you to take your measurements. He did mine while you were talking.”
His eyes fill so rapidly that he doesn’t have a hope of hiding it, but he looks away and tries to blink to clear them anyway, and Dean takes the opportunity to slip his hands into Cas’s.
“That’s right. And do you know how fast I got there, buddy? I dropped everything and left work and came to be there for you right away.”
“Gets cold in the winter and still hot as hell in the summer, but it’s home,” Sam says. Dean makes a mental note to ask around about who could help Sam out with insulation (on Dean, of course) but doesn’t mention it out loud. “Jess, Dean’s here,” he calls out.
him. Cas needs him to come, to release the pressure that’s been building and building, getting sharper and denser and impossibly massive, and Dean wants to be good for Cas. He’s always so good for Cas—Cas tells him all the time—and because his body knows it can after
Dean’s hand reaches out to cover his, and he’s not joking anymore when he says, “It’s lame as fuck, but I’m gonna miss you.”
Dean places the pictures back down and spins in his arms, settling his hands onto Cas’s hips. “Best year of my life. You know that, right?”
He’s confused at first why Cas’s face would go from baffled to sudden understanding, but then Cas says, “I’m guessing I found a fellow fan?” When Dean doesn’t deny it, Cas starts smiling like the cat that caught the canary, and Dean doesn’t like that smug look on his face about this whatsoever. (Otherwise, fuck yes, because it’s sexy as hell.)
“I don’t feel like a very good parent,” Cas confesses. “It got even worse when the paramedics showed up. Liam was crying so hard and they were putting him on a stretcher and I was
They both turn red so fast it would be funny if it wasn’t so embarrassing. “Uh, no,” Dean says carefully. “We’re not...”
He turns his head so that his good side is showing but angles his face towards the floor, not wanting to force Cas into looking at him for any longer than he has to. It’s because he isn’t watching that he doesn’t stop it in time, but before Dean can fully register what’s happening, Cas is wrapping his arms around him and pulling him in for a hug.
“Well now you’ve convinced me,” Cas laughs, but he does reach for the TV remote to turn on Netflix. They both finish their wine, and after two and a half hours of having Cas’s body pressed up against his, he is more than ready to move things to the bedroom when Cas asks. “Do you want to watch the next one in bed where it’s more comfortable?”
Castiel softens slightly at that. “Of course you are.” Dean might be the closest thing he has to a friend, as sad as that may be.
They’ve been doing all of the stereotypical couple things that come with the cooler weather. They’ve been to the Outdoor Fall Stroll on 9th Street, they’ve been apple picking, they went to a drive-in movie (which was actually one of the coolest things ever), they went to a corn maze, and even did a freaking picnic with an actual wicker basket and checkered blanket (thanks to Cas).
He feels a little bit more of his spirit die with every word his dad says, but he uses the final dregs of what he has left to sass his father the only way he thinks he’ll be able to get away with.
“Not with women anyway,” Cas agreed. Dean nodded again but didn't offer any other comments, so Cas plucked up all of his courage and asked the big, burning question that had been keeping him awake at night for months. “Does this change anything between us?”
“I’ve never really felt safe,” Cas says. “Which might not be fair since I’m large for an omega, but there’s always the possibility of an entitled alpha in a rut running through my mind whenever I’m alone.”
He’s so surprised by the apology that his mind goes completely blank. He doesn’t know what to say. He doesn’t know why Cas is apologizing, if it’s because he lied, because he got caught, because he applied for the job at all, or (maybe worst of all) because Dean thinks that about him. He doesn’t get a chance to ask why, either, because Cas kisses him chastely on the forehead and walks down the hall, his shoulders slumped just like Liam’s when Liam’s upset.
“What a shame,” Castiel says dryly. He doesn’t make any attempt to hurry things along. In fact, he lingers a little longer than he would have otherwise, even going so far as to pull Dean’s cheeks apart to get a good look at his hole and the light hair dusted around it. Because just that is enough to have Dean squirming with either embarrassment or arousal, Castiel presses the pad of his thumb directly to the furled bud and rubs gently.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel breathes. He gets to his feet and hauls Dean up, too. Dean melts against his strong chest even before Castiel tilts his chin up just enough to brush their lips together. “The way you tug at my heart,” he says softly, stroking down the back of his neck. “I know how eager you are,
“Don’t apologize,” Dean says, laughing a little. “I wouldn’t have just stripped in front of you if it wasn’t okay to check out the goods.”
It’s gotta be cooler outside than inside, so he shrugs and follows Cas out, stopping only to grab them each another beer on their way out.
That’s enough to prompt Castiel to kick a clump of grass at him, which makes him throw his head back with a burst of laughter. Cas is so much fun when he lets himself go like this, and Dean can hardly believe he’s lucky enough to be the guy who’s going to spend his whole life pulling it out of him as often as he can.
He’s sure his happiness is plain in his scent, but he doesn’t let it bother him. If Dean knows how happy Castiel is snuggling up with Dean on the couch, maybe he’ll do it more frequently. Dean leaves once the episode is over, and after another long, drawn-out hug unlike any he’s ever shared with any other friend, Dean once again trails a hand down the side of his neck before he leaves.
He opens his mouth, and Dean’s tongue slips inside before his back hits the counter. His arms come around Dean instinctively to steady himself, but as their chests collide, he sinks into Dean’s strong arms and kisses him with everything he has. He swallows Dean’s muffled groan and runs his hands up and down his back, following the tantalizing shape of Dean’s broad shoulders down to his tiny waist and back up.
Cas’s pupils dilate, and unprecedented pride races through him when Cas whispers, “Perfect,” that single word lighting fire to his skin like a brand. He’s burning from head to toe when he stretches his arms up over his head to brace himself on the headboard, doing it just in time for Cas to push his legs up to bend at the knee and drive inside of him in one fluid thrust.
It makes him think of a good, hard fuck, and sure as hell doesn’t help with the morning wood he woke up with. It takes a monumental effort on his part not to drive his hips down into the mattress beneath him.
“Oh yeah!” Liam responds, already throwing himself at Sam’s legs to wrap his arms around them for a hug.
The pleasure is bubbling up rapidly now, building and building as Dean keeps nailing his sweet spot with perfect precision and mind-numbing execution. He hears high-pitched, needy little sounds escaping him with every one, and
He flips through the pamphlets absentmindedly while he waits and he nearly drops the pile of them when he realizes one of them is about anal sex. He looks around to check nobody’s watching him, then he opens it up with another pamphlet behind it so nobody can see what he’s looking at, and then he starts to read.
Cas solves their problem by wrapping those bulky thighs around his waist, causing his spine to curve and his cock to rub against Dean’s stomach. Dean shudders as he sinks in even deeper, making a sound of approval against Cas’s lips when he feels the tip of Cas’s cock gliding through the wetness between them, knowing how turned on Cas must be.
Castiel chuckles, a low, sultry sound that warms his insides, pulling back to place a soft, lingering kiss on Dean’s lips. “People do,” he says between kisses. “And from everything I’ve seen, people seem to enjoy it quite a bit.” Castiel’s lips press firmly against his, kissing him soundly for several long seconds until they’re both breathing hard. “But we don’t have to if it’s not something you think you’ll enjoy giving or receiving.”
would have hung this flag if he thought it was unsafe in any way, if he thought something like this would happen.
started moving, but Cas looks like the epitome of sex and he can’t imagine being more turned on than he is right now.
Dean chuckles and his cheeks warm a little when Ellen pats the back of his hand before she turns to go back into the kitchen. “I’ll go get your burger.”
Sam nods his agreement. “There’s nothing wrong with doing what you have to do in order to get by. Finding a roommate probably took a lot of stress off of you financially, too. Smart.”
“Mmm you’re fuckin’ huge, alpha,” Dean groans happily. He takes a step back towards Cas’s bed and Cas follows him, chasing the dry friction of his hand on his cock. Dean grins wolfishly at him, and Cas finds he can no longer resist the temptation of those lips curved so perfectly, and he crushes their lips together with a needy sound in the back of his throat.
So maybe he’s a little over-eager by the time they make it into his house, but the door is barely closed behind them when Cas has him pressed up against it with a thigh wedged up against his crotch. Cas’s nimble fingers immediately start working on untying Dean’s ascot, all without so much as breaking the searing seal of their lips, so he’s pretty sure he isn’t the only eager one here tonight. Dean’s currently stuck somewhere between wanting to lift Cas’s shirt over his head to start getting him naked and really not wanting to move his hands off of Cas’s surprisingly muscular back and soft skin, and the way Cas has already mastered the art of kissing him absolutely stupid doesn’t help him make up his mind.
Cas purses his lips, scrutinizing him carefully before he answers him. “Very tactile person,” Cas reminds him. “I would like to sleep in here with you if you’re not against the idea.”
He can feel Castiel’s breath hot on the back of his neck, and his low voice sounds even deeper than usual now that they’re so close to one another. It makes his mind wander to what other circumstances might earn him a low sound from the older man, like if Castiel might hum against his lips in the middle of a particularly satisfying kiss.
does Cas have a voice made for dirty talk. All low and raspy, and combined with his hands all over him, his breath hot on his ear, and the words he’s actually saying, Dean feels like there’s lava running through his veins. “I-I don’t know,” he admits. “But I’ll try. With you. For you.”
“He’s comfortable,” Dean defends, feeling none of the embarrassment that might have been there otherwise.
He knows this is going to be slow, wants it to be this time, and still his body betrays him. He arches up against Cas, his head spinning with lust when Cas’s fingers tighten on his hips to hold him down. He strains against them, desperately and wildly needing more, chanting and pleading, “Cas, Cas,
Arousal has been burning like flames low in his stomach ever since Cas straddled him, and seeing him like this on top of him, so confident and lithe, is like throwing gasoline onto an already mighty fire. He knows Cas told him not to come, and he knows he
“Okay,” Dean says slowly. “I should introduce you as Prince Castiel, though? And His Highness instead of Her?”
They had spent pretty much all day Saturday together for Cas’s work thing, and then after Cas stayed the night, he hung out until after dinner on Sunday, too. They’ve always seen each other frequently, but not usually for such long stretches. He’s almost at the point where he’s gotten used to having Cas around, so it feels like something is missing now that Cas isn’t here.
“Me, too. But you're here now,” Cas says, like it’s the only thing in the world that matters. “And I’m so happy, Dean.”
She laughs the way he hoped she would, then says, “I figured. But since I’ve already outed myself, would it be cool if we took a selfie?”
Dean shrugs, though his cheeks feel a little warm now that he knows Cas was watching him. “There’s like, three thousand people here, Cas. We don’t do shit like that to our own stuff.”
He’s managed to make Dean come without touching him a handful of times, and although he wasn’t aiming for it tonight, he’s suddenly ravenous for it. He purposely maintains the pace they’ve settled into, fucking into Dean fast and deep, nailing his prostate and grinding against it each time until Dean’s whimpering and writhing.
“Who, me?” Dean asks, his face burning as he tries to bullshit his way through not tripping like the walking embarrassment he is. “I’m fine. Totally fine. Better than fine. I’m great. Amazing, even,” he says all in one breath. “Why wouldn’t I be?” Cas tilts his head to the side, conveying his confusion in the most adorable way he’s ever seen, but evidently decides to let it go. “Want me to take your coat?”
“Dean,” Cas breathes, his eyes and smile both so soft that it makes Dean’s insides melt like butter.
Sam huffs out a humorless laugh. “Yeah, that’s true, I guess. Just felt really real. Not all of them do. It freaked me out a little.”
“It was actually my idea,” Cas pipes up with. “I didn’t want to put too much pressure on something so new, especially not with Dean. We both agreed the most important thing is that we stay friends, no matter what. So a laid-back Netflix date was perfect for us. It was actually really nice.”
Castiel shakes his head. “I’m afraid I don’t know many songs.” Then he gets an idea. “Play me something that makes you feel happy.”
“We can all go,” Dean decides. “Liam was asking about yogurt squeezy things and I have no idea what he’s talking about, so if we take him with us maybe he can show us what Lisa used to buy him.”
“You know Jess has always hated the way dad treats me,” Sam says quietly. “She’s more than willing to give him a taste of his own medicine in any way we can.”
“Shit,” Dean pants, pushing his face into the column of Castiel’s sweaty neck. His hand clumsily finds Castiel’s cheek, and Castiel turns his head to kiss his palm, feeling sated and happy and free. “You good, sweetheart?”
“If you’re gonna sit here all night, do you want some dessert or something?” Jo asks, tilting her head to the side.
Castiel lets out what can only be described as a giggle as he runs his hand through his disheveled hair. “Will you bring your guitar?”
Unfortunately, it’s in that exact moment that his mother’s voice cuts through the fog in his brain caused by his husband, and he wrenches his lips away as he tries to swallow down the heat coursing through his veins.
Cas shakes his head again while he closes the door behind him, and then they’re walking hand-in-hand towards Baby. “If you’re always this smooth on dates, I don’t know how you were still single when I came around.”
to be Dean. He checks his phone and sees it’s 5:15, and while that’s only a few minutes earlier than Dean said he would be, he was counting on those minutes to button himself up and try to dab the sweat off of his forehead.
Of all the times he thought about how Dean might react to finding out the truth, he was never able to accurately imagine the look of utter heartbreak and betrayal that had been all over Dean’s face right before he slid down the wall. He never banked on the vacant look in Dean’s eyes, and he certainly wasn’t prepared to hear the emotionless tone of his voice, knowing all the while that a decision
He’s flushed and incredibly turned on by the time they get back in Dean’s car, so he isn’t exactly shocked when their goodnight kiss turns into him pulling Dean against him until Dean gives in and presses him into the inside of the car door where Dean kisses him to within an inch of his life. He shifts and gets one leg up on the bench seat, urging Dean in to fill the space between his spread legs and feeling his arousal spike so suddenly at the first point of contact against his aching erection that he can hardly breathe.
Cas hesitates for a few seconds, but this time, he ultimately nods. “That would be helpful, thank you.” Dean steps forward and reaches out, sliding one hand under the baby’s bottom and the other behind her neck. “Make sure to support her head,” Cas tells him.
“Sorry sorry sorry,” the boy said, hurrying to his desk with more ease than Cas has ever had with anything in his life. The boy seemed to take note of Cas standing there for the first time, offered him a nod and a, “Cool shirt,” before he sat down.
He uses Cas’s keys to get back into the apartment and stops in the doorway, trying to think back to where he last had his keys. Not in his pocket, not on the coffee table, not on the couch. After remembering that he took them out of his jeans when he changed in the bathroom last night, he heads that way, knowing that there’s no way Cas will be out of the shower yet so that there’s no need to call out and spook him.
“Nice to meet you, too,” Cas says. “I did a little reading about ASL when Dean told me you were deaf, so forgive me if I mess this up, but...” Then he stops, and slowly signs, “Welcome.”
Cas chuckles but shakes his head. “Something tells me that would lead to us skipping dinner entirely.”
“Nah. It feels like it sometimes, but I’ve got a nutritionist to make sure I’m getting what I need to be healthy while eating as little as possible.” That sounds horrible to Cas, especially given how much he knows Dean enjoys food, but this lifestyle is what Dean chose and he knows from experience there’s nothing he can say to change Dean’s mind. “Something tells me you didn’t come here to talk about what I eat, though.”
“I’d like to tie you to the headboard while I take a video of myself fucking you in panties just like this,” Cas says, snapping a few pictures. “I saw a few pairs with an opening here.” Cas’s fingers rub at his hole through the panties, and Dean flushes all the way to his
six inches before his gag reflex kicks in and he can’t take what’s left. “Fuck, that’s good,” Dean breathes. Castiel looks up again when surprisingly gentle hands push through his hair and tilt his head up, and once they lock eyes, Castiel
Dean shrugs. “Why not? You’re more than capable, and a lot of alphas are fucking useless when it comes to kids anyway. Yeah, they’d growl or fight to defend their family, but when it comes to actually helping out? Pfft.” Dean sounds almost bitter about that, which is strange since he
It’s possible he might look back at this night in a year and regret it, but right now, he’s fucking pumped.
He can feel Cas’s initial reluctance in the stiff, unsure rhythm he starts out with, but Dean gives him all his best stuff and Cas gets progressively noisier and wetter with every second that ticks by. Cas’s hips start to undulate in dirty little rolls Dean is intimately familiar with, and he uses the hand still on Cas’s ass to spread him wider and lick deeper, encouraging Cas to keep rocking back and forth by curling his tongue on the way out between each deep, probing lick.
Cas hisses, and Dean clenches his jaw shut as he thrusts up hard and fast to meet Cas halfway as he drops down again. Caught off guard, Cas falls forward, his cock rubbing hard against Dean’s stomach, and Cas jolts, groans, “Uggghhhh,” as thick ropes of cum splatter onto his skin.
but they’ve definitely drank enough beer to have them both undeniably tipsy. He ends up with his guitar out again, and he and Cas fall into a game where Cas says a word, and Dean tries to think of a song that either has that word in it or makes him think of it. They’ve gone through purple (Purple Rain), cat (Stray Cat Strut), sun (Soak Up The Sun), happy (Happy), rain (November Rain), and car (Life Is A Highway) to make a few. Cas almost stumped him with bumblebee, but he played Build Me Up Buttercup by The Foundations and Cas counted it. They’re both clearly having a good time. Cas is fucking adorable, giggling almost non-stop in that low, cute as hell laugh of his, scrunching up his nose and smiling so big Dean can see his gums. Cas also won’t stop touching him, which he definitely isn’t complaining about, but it’s extremely distracting.
He’s actually not a big fan of PDA, especially in Kansas, but because he feels like Cas needs it, he leans in to brush their lips together. It’s brief, meant to be comforting, and he leaves his hand on Cas’s face for a few seconds once they break apart just so he can sweep his thumb over his cheek. “What was your first clue?”
that he dives back onto the spit-slick cock in front of him like it’s his salvation, sucking and slurping and losing himself in the blood-hot member siding heavy on his tongue.
Dean gradually builds momentum, falling into a steady, satisfying rhythm interspersed with deep kisses and travelling hands. Before long, Dean’s fucking him in earnest, carefully,
“Let’s get some of the three of us,” Cas says, and so Dean hops in and takes a couple of group selfies. He even lets his inner cheese out and takes turns kissing Cas’s cheek in one picture and Liam’s in the next, and he’s so damn happy that he doesn’t even care that Sam and Jo are gonna razz him about them later when he inevitably posts them on social media.
His version of paradise is reading outside on an old porch swing, with the sounds of his soulmate playing the piano or guitar (because he must play something) drifting through the air, creating a symphony along with the crickets and cicadas. He imagines his soulmate tugging him to his feet and spinning him playfully before pulling him against his chest to dance to the quiet humming of the very music that made him fall in love with the man in the first place.
Dean saying his name like that, clenching around him like a vice, and moaning into the bend of his shoulder is like a high he can’t get enough of. It reminds him of years ago, when they were younger and couldn’t keep their hands off of each other, learning, exploring, testing the boundaries of their bodies how much they could take. He wishes he had known how fleeting those years would be while he was living them. He would have stayed up a little later, woke up a little earlier, made love to him more frequently, and told Dean he loved him every time he thought about it.
Dean sputters dumbly for a solid five seconds before he can think of something to say. “I can’t believe you’re trying to kill me right here on the dance floor at my brother’s wedding,” Dean accuses.
It’s so easy to talk to Dean, he feels like he’s known him much, much longer than just a few days. Their feet end up tangled together under the table, and all of it is so nice that he wishes the evening didn’t have to end at all. It does, of course, they always do, and then Castiel is dropped off at home where he hums 'Simple Man' and thinks back over all the times he made Dean smile today as he prepares lunch for work tomorrow.
“That was the original idea, yeah,” Chuck says, nodding his head. “But when you and Mary kept bickering under your breath about Dean and I realized what a hard ass you’d have to be to force your
Dean turns Castiel’s hand over to admire the bee on the back of his wrist. Dean’s fingers slide underneath, brushing his thumb over the small charm before declaring, “Looks good.”
“It’s okay,” he whispers. “I won’t let anything happen to you. We can figure this out together, hm?”
“Okay,” Cas answers. Cas pulls out and tugs him over so that he can cradle Dean to his chest. He feels Cas starting to rub soothing circles into his back and he feels better than he has in ages, but there’s still fear there in the pit of his stomach he wishes would just fuck off already. “I won’t let that happen to us.”
That’s how Dean finds them when he comes home a full fifteen minutes ahead of schedule. “You’re here early,” Castiel comments as Dean stops to take off his boots.
Castiel can’t help the laugh that escapes him, watery though it may be. “Thank you, Dean. This is the sweetest, most thoughtful thing you could have done today.”
different, that he wants it to feel that way and doesn’t ever want to go back to when it wasn’t supposed to be but always was real for him. This kiss is the embodiment of everything he’s been trying so hard to hold back from the beginning, and now that it’s out there, there’s no stopping it. It’s raw and tender and so fucking scary that one or both of them have started trembling from the emotional weight of a single kiss.
His hands are in Cas’s hair, combing through it with his fingers as Cas circles his areola with his tongue, closes his teeth and lips around his peaked nipple, and sucks
Purposely keeping things light and friendly despite the way his heart is racing, Cas jokes, “I refuse to be your third marriage.”
Dean gasps. “Shit, shit, shit.” And then the perfect pressure and all-encompassing pleasure of Dean’s hand on his dick disappears as quickly as it started and if he could breathe, he’d be whining, begging for it back. “Need to feel you. Need to feel you, Cas. Need you so fuckin’ bad,
When he went back with amendments to the contract that gave him control over his own music, they shot him down and refused to discuss it any further.
Castiel takes it, then bends over to pick up the basket. “Not at all. It’s a beautiful day to sit outside with a book.” Dean nods his agreement, and Castiel continues, “Have you worked up an appetite yet?”
Sam looks reluctant, but nods, and after one more less than gentle push from Bobby, Dean climbs into the carriage after Castiel. He sits heavily, his mind spinning trying to figure out what Sam could possibly have to tell him about Castiel’s dad. Gabriel enters the carriage next, and for once, he doesn’t crack a joke or make a sarcastic comment. In fact, Gabriel is absolutely silent as the carriage pulls away, and now Dean’s back is up more than ever.
“The King of the Angels asked to be escorted here for the wedding by both your mother and I personally, so we’ll be leaving for the journey along with four of our best men before Princess Castielle arrives.”
Dean’s tentative smile transforms as he blatantly leans over the counter to look Castiel up and down, and the sex appeal packed into the grin aimed at him now sends a bolt of arousal straight to his lower belly. “When you look as good as you do wearing it, believe me, it’s appropriate anywhere.”
“Congratulations,” Dean says. Then, getting back down to it, he says, “I don’t want to keep you, I just wanted to check in and see how Baby did today?”
And he watches as his mom’s arms are wrapped around his dad’s neck, and she’s sobbing all over again, tears of relief rolling down her face, and his dad’s arms come around her to squeeze her so fucking tight but he never once takes his eyes off of Cas.
Dean watches Jo and Sam for a minute. He takes in how Jo stands nice and close, how Sam angles his body towards her, the way Jo twirls her ponytail absentmindedly when they’re talking, and Sam’s soft, surprised smile.
The lights are a nice touch, and of course Dean looks gorgeous sitting there in well-worn jeans a plain black t-shirt.
But then Cas steps into his space. Those blue eyes he’s so fascinated with find his, and Cas looks absolutely gobsmacked when he says, “How could you think I don’t like you?” Dean’s mouth opens, but absolutely no words come out because Cas is looking at him exactly the way he was looking at him last night and it’s
With Cas gone to bed, Grace sleeping peacefully in his arms, and the fresh air wafting in from the partially open window, Dean takes a seat on the couch and props himself up against the arm with the pillows already there. He lies back, then settles Grace into his arm closest to the back of the couch, closes his eyes, and grabs the last hour of sleep he missed because of Cas’s phone call.
“Wouldn’t be the first one I’ve gotten,” Cas replies, seemingly unbothered. “You might remember most of my experience with parking had very little to do with staying between the lines.”
That really isn’t a problem, though. Not even a little one from where he’s standing. “Well, that was just our first kiss, so we should probably do it over a few times to make sure we’ve got it down anyway.”
“I think Cas is the first guy Dean’s had up there,” Sam says, grinning like he thinks he got one over on Dean.
smile and a water gun. He opens his mouth to complain, but that’s when he sees another jet of water come his way, and he manages to turn away just in time to get an ear full of water.
And with that, Dean is left alone in Cas’s bedroom. He looks around at the sky blue walls and the bright white cove molding around the ceiling. He takes in the matching nightstands on both sides of the bed complete with lamps and wireless phone chargers, and he gets a warm feeling inside thinking that Cas was just waiting for him to make use of them. His eyes keep flicking up to the painting hanging above the bed, and so he turns his attention to it next.
He feels a flood of warmth inside of him at even the mention of his best friend’s name. “Dean does love his romantic comedies,” he says with a smile.
Annoyed now, especially because Cas is hearing all of this without context, he says, “Okay, that’s enough for today. I’ll text you later, Samantha.” He hangs up before Sam can say anything else, and immediately goes into damage control mode. “Sorry about him. Little brothers man,” he scoffs, shaking his head as he shovels in another bite of breakfast.
“Hell no,” Dean confirms. He takes another drink to try to keep his mind out of the gutter, and then, since there’s a small lull in the conversation, he brings up something he’s been thinking about for a few days. “Hey, what’s on the menu for dinner Friday?”
He buries his face in the mattress and shouts himself hoarse as more pleasure than he’s ever experienced floods through him in an instant, and he’s coming hot and hard over Cas’s fingers and on the bed beneath him as Cas milks his cock with slow, languid strokes.
“I never said that. I just can’t... right now.” The second the words leave his mouth Cas looks like he wishes he never said them, but Dean latches on to them like a lifeline.
Dean’s lips quirk into a smile. “Not off the top of my head, but my brother’s good with shit like that. I’ll send him a text and let you know.”
Dean pops another fry in his mouth, trying to give himself a few extra seconds to decide how to respond to that. “What’s left of my family is here.”
Castiel nods. “Yes, one layer more than us, so a blanket should be fine. I’ll just go get the stroller.”
“It’s nothing too exciting,” Dean replies. “You said when we ate at The Roadhouse that you like burgers, right?”
“There’s nothing happening between me and Hannah to warrant that grumpy expression, you know,” Cas says softly. “I can hardly stand Hannah when she gets like that.”
combined with the hungry look in Cas’s eye lights him up like a fire from the inside out. “Well, if you ever find yourself in need of an impartial judge, I could probably be convinced to make the sacrifice.”
Dean certainly doesn’t look happy, but it’s closer to tired and confused now than it was to heartbreak and anger like before. “Maybe you should.”
“Well, you’ll be pleased to know I’ve been thinking about your offer from last night all day, then.”
He can see the guilt in Dean’s eyes before he even speaks, and still, nothing could have prepared him for how much Dean’s next words would hurt.
“That’s odd,” Castiel comments. “I don’t know what it would be. As far as I know, they haven’t even met.” Dean hasn’t met Castiel’s dad either. Hell, he was so busy waving at his friends in the pews to even get a good look at the guy. “Honestly, we don’t spend a lot of time together. We have a large kingdom, so you can imagine he’s a very busy man. But he’s always been fair to me, if not particularly loving.”
“You try to get along with a guy as cynical as he is,” Dean says, popping a piping hot french fry into his mouth and trying to blow the steam out without losing any of the crispy, salty goodness.
“Me, too,” Dean says, a yawn forcing its way out in perfect timing. “You can wake me up if you have another bad dream, though.”
“I get it,” Dean says around a yawn, which gets a knowing laugh from Donna. “Gimme five minutes to drink down half a mug and I’m all yours.”
“I just got a phone call from the daycare. They want us to come pick Liam up because he got in trouble for fighting.”
Cas ducks his head and looks back at Grace taking her bottle, but Dean can still see the blush spreading over his face. “Silly alpha,” Cas says lightly. Logically, Dean knows Cas means alphas in general, but just hearing Cas say that word applied to him has a gratifying thrill rushing through him. “I know the scents of unmated omega and newborn baby must be wreaking havoc on your system, but despite what you walked in on this morning, I really can take care of myself.”
“Believe me, it’s necessity, not bravery,” Dean corrects. “And thanks for breakfast. Looks awesome.”
“So another ten minutes isn’t gonna kill you,” Dean tosses back. “We only get to do this for the first time once, and I’m not gonna fuck it up this time.”
“I’ve been lying to Dean. To all of you,” he says to Sam and Jess, “and I hope you’ll forgive me in time, but who I’m really concerned about right now is Dean.”
“We’ll have more,” Dean says, confident and comfortable with that idea. “There’ll be more babies, Cas. Lots and lots of babies.”
“I don’t know,” Dean says honestly. “If he was trying to get me alone, I’m guessing he was going to tell me something. Plus,” Dean adds, “we have some damn good leverage since you literally saved his life.”
They thank him without taking their eyes off of each other, and separate just long enough to get through the front door before their lips come together once more. Shoes get kicked off and both suit jackets get pushed off and onto the floor as they make their way to the living room, and then Dean starts loosening the knot on Cas’s tie as Cas pulls Dean’s shirt free from his pants. Big, strong hands span out on his lower back and press into his bare skin, and Dean didn’t realize
Dean chuckles, but points his chin towards the dance floor. “Later. Pay attention to my new sister-in-law somehow managing to make dancing with a moose look natural.”
Huh. Dean’s assigned a gender and an endearment to his car. That’s not something Castiel can necessarily relate to, but considering he’s very aware of how important this particular car is to Dean, it’s not necessarily surprising, either. “I won’t make the same mistake again,” he promises.
He enjoyed sitting in Cas’s lap outside, so although it’s gonna be a little bit different considering they’re both naked now, he’s still willing to give it a shot. He gets up to his knees with his cock still rock-hard from getting to see Cas looking so sinful as he came, and he doesn’t miss the way Cas eyes it as it bobs while he tries to figure out how to get in Cas’s lap.
Castiel’s lips have drifted back up to the side of his face, and Dean feels his breath hot on his ear before Cas nuzzles into it and traces the shell of his ear with his tongue, causing goosebumps to erupt along his skin. His earlobe is caught between Castiel’s teeth, and his fingers dig into the silky fabric on Castiel’s bicep from the surprisingly
Sometimes he can sleep through it. In fact, he can’t even begin to count the amount of times he’s fallen asleep to the soothing sound of his soulmate’s voice. But despite how tired he is and how hard he’s trying to fall asleep right now, it just isn’t happening.
“Ruined it?” Dean echoes, contemplating that. He shrugs his shoulders, twisting his hands on the leather of the steering wheel. “I dunno that it’s a bad thing. Just heavy.”
So he gives himself over to Cas, lies there for ages cocooned by Cas’s strong body, wavering between aching for more and getting so close to the edge he’s actually braced for it—which is when Cas slows down again. It’s torture and bliss at the same time, and it goes on so long Cas has to add more lube to his hand and between his cheeks, the smoother glide causing a litany of curses to spill from his lips as he pushes his purpling cockhead through Cas’s fist.
Dean grins, amused by their banter, but it seems Cas isn’t in the same head space because he goes stark still almost immediately.
Dean scratches the back of his head and says, “For a second there, I was thinking about really kissing you, you know?” Cas trips over his feet badly enough that he has to reach out to steady himself on Dean, which makes them both laugh again. They’re laughing a lot, now that Cas is thinking about it, and nothing’s even that funny. “Thought I might slip you a little tongue so you knew what it felt like, but I know you don’t want to be out and I didn’t want to do it without asking first.”
that it makes him brave enough to flirt a little bit harder. “I’ll make sure to check you out,” he says, and when Castiel drops his eyes to smile bashfully at the ground and something in Dean’s chest clenches, he knows he’s sunk. “You need a hand with the door this time, Cas?” he teases.
It won’t be easy to wait—it’s been less than a week and not touching Dean when he could be is already killing him—but it’s what’s best for Dean.
“Mmmhmm,” Miss Moseley agrees. “But I meant your presence, honey.” When Castiel can only tilt his head in confusion, she huffs, but explains. “I see you laughing when you’re bringing the groceries inside. I see you holding hands and loving freely. I see you with the teal pumpkin on your step, handing out more candy than any other house at Halloween.”
“Sam probably jumped at the chance to tell Jo since he’s had a hard-on for her since they met, and Jo probably told Ellen.”
“One month and four days,” Jess corrects. “Which reminds me, I want to pin down a few important dates with you while you’re here. Did you bring your phone?”
“Oh.” It’s only because he’s watching Cas’s face so closely that he notices the way his lips turn down like he’s sad. “I’d like you to meet him.”
His chest aches with vulnerability once the words are out there in the air between them. He shoves his hands in his pockets and angles the scarred side of his face away from Cas, trying to convince himself that a comment about Cas’s eyes is something platonic he’d say about anybody. It has nothing to do with Cas being the one he let get away or the way he sees the reflection of his own heartbreak in every look they share.
go for it? Of the two of them, Cas is the no-nonsense, I’ll-tell-you-exactly-what-I-want kinda guy, so if Cas isn’t proposing to him, that’s gotta mean Cas isn’t there yet. Which means
The hands framing his face lose some of the tension, and now it’s more like Cas is cupping his face versus holding it in place, and without the firm pressure, he finds himself drifting closer. Apparently that’s all Cas needs to make his move because he strikes like a cat, erasing the remaining distance between them in an instant. A low, rumbling moan escapes Cas the moment their lips meet, and just like that, he’s fucked. Cas’s plush lips move with his perfectly, sucking and then nipping at his bottom lip, and as he plasters his body up against Cas’s, Cas parts his lips with a teasing swipe of his tongue.
Dean grins wolfishly. “I can think of a couple things that we wouldn’t even have to leave the couch for.”
“And Dean?” Donna pauses, waits. “Don’t cut off a finger or something while you’re blowing your top over this, eh?”
Cas’s blue eyes are filled with a sad understanding, but Dean doesn’t want him to let him off the hook entirely. He still fucked up, and he knows that.
He lets desire fuel him to wrap his lips around Cas’s plump cockhead once more, then he takes Cas down his throat in one practiced move. Cas calls out, his hips come off of the bed, and Dean’s nose meets Cas’s pubic hair for the first time. He stays there just long enough to hear a string of curses mixed in with his name, his jaw aching and his mouth stuffed full beyond comfort, and then he swallows around Cas’s cock and pulls back up to the head for a breath.
“He probably turned right back around once he got there so he could come back as soon as possible,” Sam finishes. “Are you scared?”
a moan taking its place as he sags against Cas’s hard body and sinks into the familiar sensation of Cas’s pillowy lips. They haven’t had a proper kiss all damn day with Liam underfoot almost every single second, and son of a bitch, can Cas
Dean sits up a little, indulging in a little stretch. “So, do you wanna camp out on the couch or sleep in the spare room?”
He walks inside with Dean hot on his heels, and even though there’s another man at the urinal, Castiel drags his palm over his erection and moans at the friction he so desperately needs.
“I’m fuckin’ scared, man,” Dean confesses. “I’ve never loved like this. I’ve never been in it so far with somebody else before. This wasn’t like… a stupid argument the person I’m dating blew out of proportion, so we cool down for a few weeks and then go out again. It wasn’t Lisa giving me the cold shoulder because I didn’t make it home on time and didn’t call. It was... so much worse. It freaking tore me up, Cas. Everywhere. Here, at work. Hell, I got choked up at the damn grocery store because I couldn’t remember how to tell if an avocado was ripe without you being all pretentious about it in my ear.”
“Why didn’t we get this cabin before?” Dean wonders. They do this every year, but they’ve never had a cabin quite as nice as this.
“So let me get this straight.” His eyes are drawn back to Charlie when she leans forwards, her elbows on her knees and her chin on her hands, her expression perfectly blank. “You’re best friends. Who make out. And are in love with each other.”
Dean eyes him speculatively for a second or two, but then scoffs and waves a dismissive hand at him. “She didn’t tell you that.”
but he also doesn’t want to scare him away by saying that. Driven out of pure frustration, Dean asks, “Why is this so hard to talk about?”
Logically, he knows it’s ridiculous to be pleased about that, but his ego swells to unprecedented proportions right alongside his libido. He nods his head only once to give Dean the okay, and Dean leans over to rifle through his nightstand while Cas pushes his pants and boxers down and climbs into bed next to Dean. He slots himself up along Dean’s back and rubs his hand down Dean’s stomach and up his chest while Dean writhes against him.
Dean nods since there’s a sizable lump in his throat, but once he manages to swallow it down, he tries to crack a joke to calm his racing heart. “I’m not wearin’ a wedding dress.”
to look up. He gets an eyeful of the man he loves with his head tilted back and his mouth hanging open with one hand buried in his own hair. Cas is the personification of desire, of carnal pleasure, of his own erotic paradise, and Dean’s so fucking hot just
“How dare you insult me like that?” she asks good-naturedly. Dean’s not sure how he’s still amazed by his assistant’s impeccable timing after all this time, but as ridiculous as it seems, he
It’s only because that’s more like the Cas he knows and loves that Dean doesn’t argue. “Fine, be that way.”
Dean licks his lips and Castiel watches as Dean’s eyes drift slowly from Castiel’s eyes to his mouth, down over his shoulders and to where his thighs are spread on the stool he’s perched on. They flick back up to catch Castiel’s eyes again, and Dean says, “If I’m reading this all wrong I might actually cry.”
It seems Castiel has lost all control of his emotions, because his eyes start burning once more. “Then why won’t she stop crying? Why won’t she
“What do we have here?” Gabriel asks, looking pointedly at the ground scattered with their clothes and then back at the two of them.
Castiel chuckles again, then leans in to press a kiss to Grace’s head. “Get some sleep, love. Daddy will be just upstairs.” Feeling foolish for talking to her like she can understand him, he blushes a little when he glances back up at Dean, but finds Dean smiling at him with his eyes crinkling. “Thank you again, Dean. For everything. Don’t hesitate—”
“Kinda hope so,” Dean says quietly. And this is the moment of truth. He takes a deep breath, and says, “Especially since I just figured out the reason I’ve been having such a hard time deciding on a woman to court is because I’m only into men.”
And if Cas just meant what he thinks he meant, there's a very real chance that he’s going to come in his pants like a fucking teenager. “Fuck, that’s hot,” he groans.
Dean’s lips curve into a smile at that, and he opens up his menu to actually take a look as he responds. “Pretty ballsy for a first date, Cas.”
The closest thing to angst between Dean and Cas is in this chapter, but it gets resolved seconds later.
Cas’s eyes slam closed, and he stutters, “O-oh g-god,” at the same time Dean hears the squeaking sound of the leather clenching between Cas’s fingers.
Dean tries to ignore the way his body heats up from Cas’s breath on his skin. “Are you already feeling it?”
“Hey,” Dean says softly. “Don’t start spinning on me, we’re just talking, okay? If you don’t want me to talk about specifics, I won’t,” he promises. “I’m not gonna be able to include it and say nothing though, so we’ll have to figure out what’s okay and what isn’t, or if we should just pull it altogether.”
“That’s Lisa’s handwriting.” Cas says it first, but he was thinking the exact same thing. “I sat beside her in class. I know what her writing looks like.”
“Sorry!” Jo says, clearly annoyed. “To me, he’s the freckle-faced kid who hid in the same spot in Hide and Go Seek for like, three years running.”
Dean can’t hide his amused smile when he watches Cas clumsily climb on top of the barbecue, pull himself up to the second-story porch (Jesus, that is
“It’s not,” Castiel insists. “I don’t say things I don’t mean, and I really do find your kingdom and your castle charming.”
“Earlier today when he stopped to put gas in Baby. He should be here this evening. He said he’d text again and let me know what he wants for dinner.”
“Yeah, but wait until I send Cas the link for the auction first so that he can approve the blurb I wrote about the art. Okay, Cas?”
“Yeah,” Dean replies carefully. “Not the same kinda sick, kiddo. But it was a long time ago for me and I still miss my mom, so I know how you feel.”
Dean nods and sits back down where he was, absentmindedly thinking that Cas is every bit as nerdy now as he first thought he was five years ago before he blew his fucking mind in bed, but also taking care to keep his legs closer together so he doesn’t accidentally brush Cas’s when Cas sits in the seat right next to him.
In a strange way, Castiel feels less nervous pulling into the Winchester Bros Brewery at three o’clock today than he did last night. The stakes are infinitely higher since he’s here for an interview rather than to just scope the place out, but he knows what kind of place this is now — what kind of people frequent the bar, the vibe it gives off, what the employees were wearing when they were working last night — and it gives him a boost of confidence.
“I want that, too,” Cas admits, soothing some of his nerves with four simple words. Cas wants it to work, too. He wants to stay. Maybe Cas wants them to be a family every bit as much as he’s trying not to. “This
“It ain’t a movie without popcorn,” Dean tells him. With that, they both start walking towards the line up for food, Dean being careful to keep the appropriate amount of space between them so Cas doesn’t think he’s a sober douchebag, too. There’s a handful of people in front of them in line, so to break the silence, he says, “Full disclosure, but I, uh, already saw this once.”
“I didn’t want to interrupt, but you’re the last two standing,” Sam tells them. Feeling sheepish now that he’s heard that, Dean reluctantly unwinds his arms from around Cas, and they both begin to get to their feet. “You can crash here if you want. Dean’s old room has fresh sheets on the bed since we figured there was a good chance somebody might need it tonight.”
Because he can smell uncertainty creeping into Cas’s scent, he wants to reassure Cas about his own feelings before another word is said. “I wouldn’t be upset, either, Cas. You gotta know I’d never be upset about having another baby with you. You just sorta caught me off-guard with the idea that you could already
Because just hearing that overrides any and all humility he has, he wraps his arms around Castiel’s neck more tightly and whispers his own confession in Castiel’s ear. “I want you inside me.”
“You’re very lucky to have so many people who love you so much,” Cas adds. “Your mom, me, and Dean. Nobody loves you more than us.”
Thinking back to their first kiss has his smile growing. “Well, that was just our first time, so we should probably do it over a few times to make sure we’ve got it down anyway.”
every second he’s without it. But Cas is an angel. He belongs with angels. Him and Sam are barely even a blip on the inconceivable timeline of Castiel’s life, and he needs to remember that.
Cas curls himself over Dean, carefully avoiding putting any weight on his belly while he plants a lingering kiss on his lips that winds up with Cas scenting at his mating gland. Cas hooks his elbows under Dean’s legs and pushes them back up so they can fit on the bed, and it takes some acrobatics (that they’re getting better at), but they eventually get themselves settled so that Cas is spooning behind him with his hands over his belly.
Cas breaks out in a face-cracking smile and nods enthusiastically. “Salary starts at 55 thousand a year. Three weeks of vacation, an incredible benefits package, and a 401k.”
“Is like a mini-heat,” Dean finishes for him. “Usually only lasts a day, and it’s not nearly as debilitating as a full heat because the omegas are sometimes still needed to nurse and tend to their young.”
“Shit, kid,” Dean laughs again. “You look great,” he says, still grinning. “I gotta ask though. All the costumes out there and you go with a cow? Why?”
“Close,” Cas sighs, throwing his legs up onto the couch so that his feet—bare feet, apparently—brush Dean’s thigh. “Beef stew and homemade buns.”
than I am right now.” She nods, and he explodes with, “Why? Why would somebody do this? What fucking difference does it make to whoever did this what the person I share my life with has between his legs? What does doing this accomplish? Is it going to break up a decade of marriage? Make us love each other any less? It’s pointless and senseless and ignorant and I’m so fucking
Dean still has his doubts, but if Cas doesn’t, he’s not going to bring him down now that he knows they’re likely to be separated for the rest of the day. “I love you,” he whispers. He kisses Cas once more, as passionate as a kiss can be with your mouth closed, and then he’s reluctantly opening the door a crack and slipping out.
“Please don’t take offense to this, but the girls you chose before me weren’t exactly known for their brains,” Cas says dryly.
“Yes, that’s a wonderful idea Sam. Thank you,” Mary answers before John can. “Have him escorted to our room, as well.” Then she turns to Dean and Castiel. “You boys take a few minutes, collect yourselves as well as you can in your room, then meet us at the entrance of the castle so we can walk out to the grounds together to greet our guests.”
“I guess you don’t have to worry about that kind of thing since you don’t have a soulmate,” Cas says.
to have Cas’s thick fingers inside of him, fucking him slowly, carefully stretching him with each pass in and out until Cas is moving completely without resistance.
This is the first time he’s heard anything about that, and one exchanged look with Cas is enough to let him know it’s news to him, too. “Was that your mom’s rule?” Cas asks.
Dean guides Cas's head away from the nook between Dean’s shoulder and his neck, and Cas watches curiously while Dean searches his eyes for a moment. “You ever think about getting hitched someday?”
They lapse into a comfortable quiet after that, sharing the popcorn between them, and every now and then, making comments about the previews. Cas produces the 3D glasses he grabbed for them along the way, and they both laugh at the other when they put them on.
“I know,” Dean says, because he does. Dean fits his hands to Castiel’s hips and caresses the protrusions with his thumbs. “But I don’t want to end the night like this if you don’t.”
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean hits him with a friendly smile then hurries into the bedroom to wash his hands, change his flannel and undershirt for a band shirt, and apply a new coat of deodorant. His jeans are pretty ratty but most of them are (and they’re soft and comfortable as hell) so he just leaves them and then goes back to the kitchen to meet Cas for dinner.
Dean holds up one finger while he dials Cas, knowing that Sam’s going to overhear everything he says anyway. Cas answers with, “Hello, Dean. Miss me already?”
The doctor told him not to engage in sexual intercourse for six weeks after giving birth, and although he had laughed at the possibility of sex in six weeks at the time, it’s interesting that it’s taken almost that long exactly for his body to start to bounce back. Even still, he ignores the way his cock hangs heavier than usual and finishes his shower, then dresses in his most comfortable jeans and the new shirt he bought. Dean said he would come over around four, which is just over two hours from now, and Castiel has nothing left to do until then but spend time with Grace. It’s been a good day so far, and he’s pretty sure it will only get better once Dean shows up.
“Figure I’ll give it a shot,” Dean says. He sits on the loveseat, hoping he’s doing okay at hiding how he’s ready to crap his pants with nerves over the whole thing.
Cas comes on the screen a few seconds later with his bed head everywhere and a pinch between his eyebrows making him look an endearing combination of grumpy and adorable that causes Dean’s heart to skip several beats.
He blinks rapidly when Dean’s mouth suddenly pulls off, bereft now that he’s being pulled back from the edge that was approaching way too soon in the first place, but then Dean’s free hand is cupping Castiel’s balls and moving them out of the way. “Smell so—” is all Dean gets out before his tongue starts circling his rim.
And then it’ll be my turn to be the annoying guy who says, ‘I told you so,’” he finishes, grinning at his own joke.
“You’re so good with him,” Cas replies. “And you won’t be able to hold him for much longer like this. He’s getting too big.”
“Miss Bradbury,” she mocks in a low voice, breaking off into giggles afterwards. She backs away just enough to look Cas straight in the face, then turns to Dean and says, “He’s dreamy.”
“This way I’m not freezing my ass off back there,” Dean tells him, and Castiel nods his understanding while Dean’s hands slip back around his waist. One hand drifts up to his chest, thumbing over his nipple before rolling it between his fingers.
Dean coughs, loudly, and he feels his face catch on fire. Jesus Christ. He barely even got to touch Cas on their date, so why the hell is he blushing like he copped a feel in the shadows or something? He’s a grown man. He can talk about holding hands without
“So if you don’t use it for flying or whatever, what do the ones who have a bunch of it use it for?” Dean wonders.
“Y’know, I’ve heard there’s usually rules that go with that kind of thing,” Cas says, his mouth incredibly close to his ear.
Dean’s smile stretches wider. “Thought you said when we first met that it took more than looks to, uh—” He squints, thinking back. “—win your affections.”
taking the guesswork out of this has Castiel’s insides clenching with desire. He certainly wasn’t planning on spending the night with the first person he met in his new town, but he’s also not dumb enough to turn down the chance to see this ruggedly handsome man with fewer clothes on. Preferably with his legs wrapped around Castiel’s waist.
When he looks up from Liam to Donna, he notices for the first time she has a box in her hands with a folder on top. “Shit, sorry, I didn’t even notice.” He gets an elbow from Cas, which is when he realizes he swore. He grimaces, glances down at Liam for a reaction, then back at Donna when he doesn’t get one, and mouths, “Sorry.”
“Yeah, and I’m not gonna ride Sam like a bucking bronco as soon as you leave the room,” Gabriel shoots back.
“We are both father figures to you - and Sam is, too, I hope - but Dean and I are not... in a romantic relationship at the moment,” Cas explains. “We’re not like the gay couple we just met.”
“We can go shopping and get you some stuff,” Dean offers, prompted by the lack of a reaction from Liam. “A toy box, some stuffed animals. We can put some stickers on the wall or something. Whatever you want to make it yours.”
Dean deflates like a balloon. “Alright. Can you ask Sam to meet me in my room when he’s done with his classes then?”
“Well, however many women there were, other than Charlie, this is the first time I’ve been genuinely interested in getting to know somebody, so there’s that at least.”
Dean chuckles at the hilarity of the question. “Yeah, it’s in the cupboard next to the garbage can. But they have little glass thingies on the stems so you don’t have to do that right away.”
If he had to guess (which he hesitates to do since he’s sure his brain is as addled as it’s ever been), he’d say it’s a solid ten minutes
“I can do that. Th—” He stops himself midway through his thank you, ducks his head, and gets up to walk down the hallway with what Dean’s sure is a smile on his face.
He moans wantonly when Dean sucks on his softening rim, whimpers when he kitten-licks around his opening, and cries out when Dean’s tongue spears inside.
She blushes and waves a hand to dismiss him, but walks over to pull him into a hug anyway. “You’re too charming for your own good,” she tells him.
Castiel keeps trying to ignore the way he and Dean keep gravitating closer together, and Meg’s a fantastic distraction. She moves in an entirely different way than Chastity did, though it’s no less appealing. While Chastity was all grace and smooth sways of her hips, Meg is rough and dirty. She grinds slow and sinuously to the beat of the music, getting faster as the beat picks up, jerking her hips around and grinding against the pole, the stage, and her own hands at every opportunity.
Dean’s up and on his feet in an instant, the instinct to help the nerdy guy stronger than he can ignore, but he sees Castiel straighten up before he can even take a step. When Meg snorts a laugh beside him, he sinks back into his chair silently and looks back at the stupid fucking book in a valliant attempt to ignore the burning hatred he feels towards her and everything else that’s happened in the last thirty seconds.
He didn’t think Cas was going to, but Cas gets to his feet and walks around to his other side where he sits down. “Be careful, Dean. You almost made it sound like I’m special again.”
“It’s unfortunate there’s only one grown-up here right now,” Castiel says, his smile belying his dry tone.
“Aw, shucks, just when you thought you had it,” Dean says, and Cas surprises the ever loving shit out of him by swinging his leg over his lap and reaching up with both hands to grab the books out of his hands. His mouth runs completely dry when Cas’s shirt lifts up and he gets an up-close-and-personal look at a dark trail of hair running from Cas’s belly button down beneath his jeans, and it sure as hell doesn’t get any better when Cas settles into his lap as if straddling him isn’t making every ounce of Dean’s blood charge directly to his dick at break-neck speed.
“And I told you so,” Cas says, his blue eyes now so full of heat he has a hard time thinking clearly enough to confirm what he just said.
“No,” she replies, shaking her head. “It’s the love radiating off of you. I’m so happy for you, sweetheart.”
Cas said as much himself, with his hand on Dean’s face, stroking his flaming cheek with his thumb. “It’s not that I don’t want to, Dean, it’s just complicated.”
Briefly thinking of all the times he's been unlucky enough to walk in on or overhear Gabe and Sam, Castiel buries his tongue back into his new boyfriend's ass with a new goal in mind:
“Shit,” Sam says sadly. “You’d think with you playing for both teams now you’d have twice the odds of finding somebody.”
that Cas is being Cas and not pretend-boyfriend Cas, he shrugs away from his hand and says, “Fuck off.”
“So I kind of feel like it’s both of ours,” Cas says, continuing to talk over him. “This is the first time I feel like I’ve had a home in ages, and I can’t imagine wanting anything more than this house has to offer us. Why do you ask? Did you find a house you like better?”
It takes much longer than it usually does to do it together, but Dean patiently walks Castiel through all the steps to get Baby groomed and ready for a ride. Castiel is an excellent student, full of questions and eager to learn, and Dean finds a lot of joy in being close to him, watching Castiel’s timid touches slowly turn more confident, and ultimately sharing this part of his life with someone for the first time.
“You act like a tough guy, but you’re a marshmallow inside when it comes to the people you care about. I’m just lucky enough to be one of those people.”
“Screw that,” Dean scoffs. “You’re dressed up in full cow costume. If they don’t give you candy, I say you stand there and moo at the top of your lungs until they do.”
Cas, who talks about every fucking thing, never mentioned it, so neither did he. He’s pretty sure Cas knows it felt different because he keeps catching Cas watching him, like Cas is trying to figure him out on another level, and it’s exciting and terrifying at the same time. His loud-mouth friends are a perfect solution to keeping things light and fun this weekend, which he’s really looking forward to after a hectic, chaotic year.
He buries his face in Dean’s neck, lapping at the bruise he left there and murmuring quiet encouragement into his skin when he feels Dean’s body beginning to tighten.
“She’s right,” Cas agrees. “You already gave the performance of a lifetime. It’s as polished as it can possibly be, and I promise you, you look and sound absolutely amazing.”
“I’m a lover not a fighter, Cas,” Dean says, leaning in and scenting along the column of Castiel’s throat. “But I’d throw a bitch down those stairs if I had to.”
He told her it was awesome, that he and Cas got along really well and that they’d spent hours just talking and getting to know each other, but she wanted to know what they talked about and he realized he didn’t want to share. That was between him and Cas. Most of it wasn’t personal, but it was theirs, and he didn’t want any outsider point of view to change any of it.
Castiel’s voice has a huskier note to it now than it did a few minutes ago and it only increases Dean’s willingness to move this along. There’s plenty of things he and Cas can do in their bed, but Dean knows exactly what he wants and what to do to make it happen. He reaches for the bottle of lube on the end table and passes it over his shoulder to Cas, smiling when he gets a kiss to the apple of his cheek for it.
They kiss with Dean still straddling Cas’s lap as long as they can until Dean starts to worry about the condom, and even then, he parts reluctantly to let Cas slip free. He flops onto his back and stretches out his knee so it isn’t any more fucked up tomorrow than it already is, waits for Cas to tie and ditch the condom, and then welcomes him in when Cas moves to gather him into his arms.
“Where—where the hell did that come from?” he asks breathlessly, still so frazzled he can hardly put a sentence together.
“Come on, Dean. Let me fix you a fresh cup of coffee. You said yesterday it tastes better when I make it for you.”
“I stashed some all over the house,” Cas says with a crooked smile, releasing his hair to pet down the back of his neck. “Kitchen cupboard. Shower caddy in the bathroom. Couch cushions.”
He shivers in anticipation when he feels two of Castiel’s fingers run along his cleft, and when one pushes inside of him again, his jaw drops as pleasure spikes through him.
“Dude, we share a bathroom. How much privacy do you really think we need? I’ve seen you in nothin’ but a towel a million times.”
“I am.” He backs out of the parking spot and makes his way to the light before he finishes. “But if you can get me to eat salad with one look from those baby blues, I’m not dumb enough to think I’m gonna be able to say no to you for much else.”
Dean’s expression softens even more, and Cas’s heart feels like it’s going to explode when Dean kisses his forehead. “Sounds pretty damn good to me.”
Dean snorts a laugh, but then quickly sobers up, squaring his shoulders and lifting his chin. He takes one final deep breath to steel himself, then pulls open the front door of the castle.
“I was all over it,” Dean says, clearly pleased with the afternoon’s events. For Cas’s part, his anger is quickly fading, and in its place is dread over having to deal with the fall-out from talking to Zachariah like that. Dean picks up on it rather quickly, and tells him, “Lighten up, sunshine. It’s almost Christmas.”
Because there’s no way anything can pierce through the infinite layers of happiness he’s wrapped in right now. No way whatsoever.
Castiel has obviously died and gone to heaven, he thinks as he feeds his straining cock inch by inch through the plush lips he’s fantasized about more than anything in his life. His dick is covered in Dean’s cum, and still, he can feel Dean’s tongue swirl around his head like he’s desperate to lap up every drop.
and Castiel can’t tear his eyes away from the enticing sight any easier now than he could the first time he saw them, and so even though there’s definitely going to be a goose egg there tomorrow, he nods his head and starts working on pushing Dean’s flannel shirt over his broad shoulders.
He’s barely conscious when he rolls towards Cas, chasing the warmth he’s gotten so used to sleeping next to as it moves away.
Like he planned, that sets the two of them off on a long-winded argument that takes all of the heat off of his date with Cas. By the time he gets back home later that night, he feels like his head is less in the clouds than it has been for the rest of the day. He knows damn well that wasn’t Bobby and Ellen’s goal when they started talking about him settling down and not messing it up, but it made him realize he was putting an awful lot of stock in one good date.
For the first time ever, I wish my store wasn’t so busy. I’m sorry we didn’t get a chance to talk more, but thanks a lot for coming.
“I’m dying with curiosity!” she explains. “I haven’t seen you this into somebody since you first started dating...” Her voice trails off and he knows just from that that she’s talking about Lisa. “You know.”
“And I will,” Castiel promises. “But the first time I feel you turn boneless in my arms, it won’t be outside with your royal guard watching me like he’s considering having me beheaded.”
With a single thrust, Cas breeches Dean’s hole and slides home into the slick, warm channel of his soulmate for the first time. His jaw drops on a shuddering exhale as he feels the narrow inner walls of his omega stretching to accommodate his girth.
Dean swipes at his nose, and lifts his head enough so that Castiel will be able to hear him, but not enough so that he has to look at him yet. “If this is all just some bullshit story to make me feel better—”
“Yeah. You are,” Dean agrees. And finally, the grip on his hips relaxes enough that Castiel can thrust into his hand.
“You do seem eager,” Cas says, sending heat to Dean’s cheeks from his accurate assessment. “I wonder if you’re any good. Let’s see you put those cock-sucking lips I’ve heard so much about to work.”
favorite smile. “David’s great. He’s right here,” Cas says, bending down to scoop David up into his arms so Charlie can see him. “He still loves that flopping trout toy you got him.”
Cas doesn’t know what to say. He’s thinking about feeling Dean’s lips against his, imagining how it would feel to have Dean’s tongue in his mouth, and he decides it doesn’t even sound that nice.
Sam scowls and Jo flips him the bird, and so his grin stays firmly in place while he passes through to the kitchen toward the fridge. Jess, Charlie, and Adam are in there putting stuff away, chatting about their drive in. He reaches into the fridge for the beer he brought, then waits for an opening in the conversation and asks if they need a hand with anything.
“Hey there,” he says cautiously. Apparently that’s enough of an invitation for David, because he walks along Dean’s leg and over his stomach, then settles down with his front legs in front of him on Dean’s chest like they’ve done this a thousand times before. “If I pet you, are you gonna claw the shit out of me?” Dean wonders. The cat merely blinks at him, but he doesn’t look mad or anything. Dean lifts a tentative hand out for David to sniff, but all David does is dip his head so that Dean’s fingers brush over his fur. “Guess that’s as good of an invitation as I’m gonna get,” Dean says, already scritching at the top of his head.
Dean breathes. Castiel glances up at him again, enraptured by the look of wanton pleasure all over his husband’s face. “Your fucking mouth, Cas, god
He doesn’t even have to ask if Cas felt it this time because Cas’s breath catches and he asks, “Was that it?”
Cas would be pleased by the soft center of his stomach, he also doesn’t think Cas would fake it. Before he even realizes it’s happened, he’s relaxed into Cas’s touch, and with his mind more focused on the movie than how he’s always felt embarrassed by his gut, he finds Cas’s touch intimately reassuring rather than judgmental.
“At first.” Cas repeats it slowly, like he can’t quite believe what he’s saying. He pulls out a chair and sits down shakily, almost missing the seat entirely. He doesn’t look up from the ground. “And now?”
If he was smarter and less selfish, he would have left then and there. He would have thrown himself at Cas’s feet and told him he never stopped loving him and that if Cas would only give him a chance, he’d happily spend the rest of his life doing everything he could to make up for what he put them through. But he still didn’t. Instead, he loved Cas from a distance, from on top of countless women who only satisfied the need to feel something other than alone for a night at a time, and he told himself it didn’t matter because Cas didn’t want him anymore anyway.
“Pretty sure I’ve seen every Star Wars movie in the theater at least twice,” Dean admits. “I’m kind of a movie nerd.” Cas’s smile flashes suspiciously wide before he drops his head to stare down at his shoes. It looks like he’s trying to fight back a smile, and Dean’s nosy enough that he asks why. “What? What’s so funny?”
“Who knew all I needed was to see you doing the Goofy dance first thing in the morning to wake me up?”
and the last thing they need is two tired people in the house instead of one. “That was stupid, sorry. Forget I said that.”
Cas isn’t sure what exactly he was expecting for their stop along the way, but it definitely wasn’t for their first stop to be at Dean’s house.
“Of course.” He knew Dean was here to see Grace, so he suspected he would want to. He turns off the swing and puts a hand on it to make it stop, then lifts Grace out of it to hand her to Dean. “She just finished her bottle about a half hour ago, so you might want a receiving blanket in case she spits up. She usually does.”
“And Castiel likes tea, so prepare that along with coffee every morning for the foreseeable future.”
He discovers matching the movement of his wrist to the kisses he places on Castiel’s cock has Castiel’s breath coming out in harsh pants, and the wetter his spit gets Castiel’s shaft, the easier it is to fist and mouth at him.
“You are flawless,” Castiel whispers, both hands now framing his face oh-so-carefully, like Dean’s something precious and irreplaceable. “Inside and out, and I promise you, not a day will go by after today that I don’t give thanks for the chance to win your heart, Dean.”
He only manages to look away after he hears a moan and finds an old bald guy going to town jerking off in one of the seats. He grimaces and looks away—nobody wants to see that. Or at least he doesn’t.
“Of course I am, but at the same time, nobody’s heard you play more than me,” Cas argues. “I know what it sounds like when you don’t have a good song and when you don’t hit the notes the first try. That didn’t happen when you sang this to me.”
“Serious question,” Cas says, leaning in so that his elbows rest on the table between them. “How are you still single?”
He tries to gather his wits, really tries to think of something unsexy, but Cas is perched on his cock like a fucking rock star or a king or something, blue eyes gazing down at his lips like he wants nothing more than to attach himself to his mouth for the next ten years and would that be so bad when Cas can fuck like this? Cas looks absolutely gluttonous with pleasure and Dean would rather shrivel up and die than stop watching him, mesmerized by his sharp hips rolling and rocking beneath his palms, his back arching with pleasure.
“But there’s something beautiful in that,” Cas insists. “It makes me think that twelve years from now, we might be doing something new together for the first time again, wondering why we didn’t try it sooner.”
Cas is the definition of tall, dark, and handsome, and paired with those bright blue eyes of his, he’s freaking gorgeous. Why anybody wouldn’t want Cas is literally incomprehensible to him. “You can wipe that judgy look off your face, asshole.”
“I believe the theme of the evening has been cowboys,” Cas says, lifting a single brow in a way that makes his cock twitch.
He doesn’t know how long they lie there, but he knows his eyelids flutter open when he feels a soft kiss on the underside of his chin. It’s his turn to hum contentedly, and he’s smiling like an absolute dope when he sees Castiel prop himself up on one elbow, looking every bit like the cat that caught the canary himself.
and says, “You gotta let me be your wing man, buddy. If this face of mine can’t get you laid, nothing can.”
to get engaged, from choosing each other, from choosing their happily ever after, and even though the love he has for Cas is brand-new and scary as fuck, it’s not nearly as scary as it felt five minutes ago now that he knows Cas loves him back. So as soon as he can work up his nerve, he says, “I love you, too, Cas.”
“I’ll show you mine if you show me yours,” Cas jokes. Dean can’t help the laugh that huffs out of him, but it quickly turns into a moan when Cas gives a tiny roll of his hips, proving that his erection hasn’t flagged at all while they’ve been talking. “Your place or mine, hot stuff?”
They all turn when the doors open and Chuck is escorted into the room by Gabriel and two other soldiers. He’s still in the clothes he had on last night, and even though he has a total of five guards watching his every move and his hands are cuffed behind his back, he seems completely at ease with the situation as he strolls into the room like he’s taking a leisurely walk through the gardens.
“Oh, like you two haven’t been gross since you were in the hospital wrapped like a mummy,” Charlie says, waving away his warning. “Do your worst.”
“I’ll have to teach you sometime,” Dean says. “I learned out here, but I was a lot smaller back then. This isn’t too deep, though. It only goes to my shoulders, so you’d probably be able to stand in it okay.”
with them close by, his heart beats so freaking hard he’s pretty sure it’s that that’s going to give them away. Of course Cas, the fucker, rolls his balls in his palm and presses them up against his taint every time he has to be absolutely silent just to make it that much harder, and it’s the third time when he hears a woman’s near-by giggle that has him locking up and spilling down Cas’s eager throat.
He leans in and presses a soft kiss to Dean’s lips, then another, and another, and Dean’s definitely still out of breath at this point, but he’s certainly not against kissing Cas. Not when Cas is cupping his face and touching him so gently, making him feel like he’s the most precious thing in the realm. Cas urges him onto his back, and he feels Castiel’s hands skirt down his sides and onto his hips, his mouth hot and wet traveling down the side of Dean’s face to his neck and his collarbone.
“Yeah,” Dean replies. The single word comes out sounding almost as dazed as Castiel feels, all breathless and awed, and all at once, Castiel is right there with him: short of breath, pink-cheeked, and absolutely flabbergasted that Dean has agreed to go out with him. There’s a long few seconds where they take turns looking at each other and looking at the ground, both smiling but trying not to be too obvious about it, and he doesn’t know if it’s all in his head or if Dean can feel it too, but the air between them seems different, thick, charged. “Damn, I can’t believe I waited all this time and then let you beat me to the punch.”
Without warning, he sinks down and takes Cas into the hilt, making sure to get him nice and wet before he pulls up and starts bobbing his head in a quick rhythm. Cas’s hand falls onto the back of his neck, not pushing or guiding at all, just a comforting, steady weight.
and with the glassware and sparkling silver reflecting the Christmas lights strung up along the rafters, he has to admit it looks like they have their shit together. If he’s really honest, it looks a hell of a lot better than that. It almost looks like the front page of some kind of magazine or something, and even though he’s never been a big social media guy, he takes his phone out and prepares to take a picture of the table. Cas steps forward to move a glass a little bit to the side, and because the cozy sweatshirt Cas is wearing just happens to add to the mood of the photo, he snaps a picture just like that.
coming out in heavy breaths as Cas keeps fucking his way through his release. Cas falls face-first into his neck only a few seconds later, and Dean’s whole body sings with pleasure as he feels the comforting weight of Cas on top of him, pressing him hard into the mattress beneath him.
“I can get out of what I have going on tonight if you think we can go that long without killing each other,” Dean offers. Cas looks over at him carefully, trying to figure out if Dean’s being serious or not. “Have you eaten anything?” Cas shakes his head. He was too nervous to eat when he woke up that morning, and between the flight and the airport and the cab, it’s now closer to evening than anything. “I can order pizza. We can watch Star Wars. It’ll be like when we were kids.”
“It’s my pleasure, and check in as frequently as you want,” Mary tells him. “I’ll keep you in the loop, too, honey,” she says to Dean. “Now you two crazy kids get outta here and go to work.”
the only chance dad and the kingdom as a whole has to carry on the royal bloodline.” The spark in Sam’s eyes is exactly the kind of thing Dean’s seen on his brother’s face a million times after he’s solved a problem, and he waits with bated breath for Sam to finish his thought. An evil smirk curls his lips before he bitterly continues, “And thanks to the last 16 years of his tender, loving upbringing, I’ve learned at his knee that I shouldn’t be above using that to help you get what you want.”
“My mom took Jack three days a week to give her a break after that,” Dean explains. “She watches both kids now to save Sam and Jo the cost of daycare.”
He hit the green call button on his phone, put it on speaker phone, and waited with his heart in his throat while the phone rang once, twice, and then...
Dean nods and stands, passing Grace back to Cas and smiling when he sees her turn her little head towards Cas, probably subconsciously drawing in the scent of her dad. The smile remains while he walks over to the front door and puts his boots back on.
of this is weird. The entire phone call. Cas is always honest to the point of bluntness, so why is he being so vague about this?
Then he remembers. “There’s a treadmill in the basement. Used to be Sam’s, but he didn’t bring it with him when he moved. It’s a couple years old by now and it’ll probably be covered in dust, but we can haul it upstairs if you want. It’ll fit next to your bed.”
He leans forward until their foreheads are touching and smooths his hand over Cas’s cheek and down the side of Cas’s neck until it’s resting there. Fear of saying too much keeps his eyes trained on Cas’s pale pink lips instead of his eyes, but he makes himself say the words that are bouncing around inside his head. “I’m yours, Cas. I’m—I’m all in for however long you want me.”
His insides are decidedly gooey now, but when he hears the hair dryer turn off upstairs he realizes Eileen and Sam are about to join them again and remembers what he wanted to talk to Cas about before he fell asleep last night. “Before Sam and Eileen come down again, I just wanted to make sure... still friends, right? Until we go out—i-if you still want to,” he stutters as he realizes Cas may have already changed his mind about that.
By the time the movie starts, the popcorn is cradled in the crook of his elbow closest to Cas, and Cas is leaning in so close they’re basically sharing the armrest. Half way through, their knees start knocking together a hell of a lot like they did last night at the bar, and when the ending comes along, they’ve been pressed firmly together from thigh-to-thigh for long enough that Dean’s leg feels cold without it when they stand.
He has no recollection of Cas’s fingers pulling free, but he damn well knows it when Cas’s lips smash against his for two blistering seconds before they rip away. He opens his eyes just in time to see Cas push up to his knees, wrap a hand around his engorged cock already dripping with Dean’s cum, and it’s not three strokes later that he watches Cas’s jaw drop as Cas comes in thick, white ropes that fall over Dean’s groin and stomach to mix in with his own. Dean’s favorite part about gay sex is this part, the messy part, and even though he knows it isn’t what it means in this case, each splash of Cas’s semen feels like a claim on Dean where it falls, hitting him with a new swell of desire so strong he surges forward to catch Cas’s lips in another kiss.
Castiel leans down to kiss his spine, to mouth along the curve of his ass cheeks while he spreads more lubrication onto his fingers. “You’re doing so well, Dean. I can’t even begin to put into words how unbearably sexy this is. I’m going to try two fingers now.” He waits for Dean to nod his permission, then a second finger slowly inches its way inside of him.
“I appreciate the thought behind it,” Cas says carefully. “But you know you don’t have to do this kind of thing for me, right? That’s the perk of dating your best friend. I’ve already seen you at your best and your worst and I still haven’t managed to talk myself out of having a crush on you.” Dean’s cheeks flush pink just from that, and Cas can’t help it. “You’re unfairly beautiful when you blush.”
Once a week, he and his brother come to the local hospital to take care of their confidential shredding. The hospital produces large volumes of paperwork, and he and Sam spend one full day here a week taking care of it for them. They’re usually some of his favorite days since he gets to hang out with Sam while he works, but he’s been in a pissy mood all weekend and apparently, it’s carried over to his Monday.
“My stubborn omega.” He doesn’t bother hiding the fondness in his voice, knowing that Dean will need to be reassured more now than ever. “The baby is just too large for you to fit into your old clothing. Please let me take you to a maternity store to get you something that fits.”
The innocence of the question makes his dick twitch where it’s conveniently hidden beneath the blanket. “I made you feel good, sweetheart?”
“That’s what I’m here for. Don’t sweat it. I’ll just go give it a once-over to make sure everything’s hunky-dory.”
“Jeez,” Dean breathes. He sounds overwhelmed, but thankfully, not in a bad way. That’s confirmed when Dean smooths his hand through Castiel’s hair again and kisses him under his jaw. “Where’ve you been all my life?”
that he can hardly comprehend the enormity of all of it at the same time. His free hand comes up to sink into Castiel’s hair while he licks into his mouth, holding him in place while their tongues dance between them, moving in time with Cas’s smooth thrusts between his cheeks.
Cas’s eyes narrow before he spins Dean around, and then Cas is very gently tying a blindfold around his head. He was right, it hurts his new skin where it’s still tight and raw, but Cas made sure not to pull on it too tight so it’s at least bearable. He gets spun around and led towards the cut out, and he puts the massive dick a little lower than waist level for himself and calls it a day.
Dean knows things can’t possibly be back to normal that fast, but if Cas wants to tackle the tangible thing in front of them first, Dean can do that. “I don’t know. I didn’t look that closely because I wanted you to be here so we could make a decision together. I didn’t want it to be like last time.”
“Sing Love Story!” Jess heckles, nearly scaring the life out of him, and Jo snorts a laugh before she flips the bird in Jess’s direction.
“I do feel a little bad that I told you there was no rush and then jumped at the first opportunity to ask you myself,” Castiel says. “I am interested in getting to know you better, but I’m open to that happening this weekend or three months from now, if that’s what works best for you. I meant it when I said there was no rush.”
promise me you weren’t going anywhere and then went behind my back to apply for jobs in another fucking country? You’re not gonna le—” But he stops because he can feel Liam’s eyes on them, and he turns away from Liam to aim a hard glance in Cas’s direction that Liam won’t be able to see. “We’ll talk about it later.” Then he huffs out a sarcastic laugh when he hears what he just said. “Well, probably not actually, since apparently we only talk about my shit.”
Cas lifts his hand to trace his fingers across Dean’s lip—the one he bit—and like 1+1=2, his cheeks catch fire. “It’s nice to see some color back in your face. Now go get in more comfortable clothes and meet me on the couch.” He’s not exactly in a state to argue, so he gets to his feet shakily. “Do you need me to carry you?”
“Oh believe me, I know. Watching you and Dean dance around each other like a couple of drunk idiots imitating a mating ritual Friday night was a good reminder.”
“I was thinking of doing groceries for the week, but maybe before we go we can sit down and plan out what meals we want to make so I can make sure I have everything?” Cas suggests.
“Hey,” Dean replies, striding right up to the counter with a book tucked under his arm. “Came to see how the Impala search was going. Any leads?”
He wraps his arms and legs around him, hugging Dean tighter than he’s ever hugged anybody in his life, and when Dean starts laughing breathlessly, real tears spring to his eyes.
Dean’s only drunk enough to partially believe that, but the way Cas is grinding on top of him all filthy and needy has most of his worries replaced with heated kisses and groping hands. Cas strips him quickly, undoing the line of buttons from his neck down to his stomach, and then peeling the one-piece pajama set off of his shoulders and over his hips until he’s free of it completely.
Dean huffs slightly and rolls his eyes, embarrassed by Cas just saying it like that. For some reason, it makes him revert to his inner twelve-year-old, and he’s swimming in petulance when he says, “Yeah, so? You like me, too.”
That’s ridiculous, but he’s not about to say as much. Especially now that Dean’s leaning on the counter and smiling up at him.
His muscles seize with the intensity of his orgasm, he folds over and face plants on Cas’s strong thigh while he shoots over his hand, onto the floor, and along the front of the couch. He can hear Cas’s breath catch again and then feels Cas’s fingers brushing through his hair and stroking down the back of his neck until he’s worked himself through it completely.
“No, actually,” Dean defends, but when Cas just raises his eyebrows, he relents with a tiny smile as he turns to walk into the kitchen. “Alright, I was close. But then he literally ran outta the room so I didn’t exactly have time to dwell on it.”
make is pie, and she does a damn good job of it, which is why I haven’t tried to convince Sammy to kick her to the curb,” he jokes. Cas laughs, and he continues, “Point is, I’m glad you can cook, ‘cause that means I can take turns mooching off of you
Seeming to ignore that, Cas replies, “Don’t worry, hot stuff, in less than a week we’ll be cozied up in the cabin and I will once again be questioning my life choices when you keep me awake all night snoring.”
“I’m sure you could use a bigger head when it comes to your music,” Cas says back, and since he’s not wrong, Dean doesn’t argue the point. “What are you going to do without a pick?”
he doesn’t accept Dean’s reason for not getting back together. A relationship has to go both ways! Cas slams some bills on the table and turns on his heels, and Dean can hardly believe what he’s seeing when Cas starts to walk away. “What the hell are you doing?”
For as far back as he can remember, almost every song he’s had stuck in his head is a song he can’t track down. He could recite the songs word for word and note for note, Google the lyrics, and fall in love with or learn to hate certain songs depending on the style, but he’s come to the conclusion that these songs cease to exist outside of his soulmate’s brain.
He can hear the hitch of Castiel’s breathing, feels the increased pressure behind the next thrust, and finds himself gripping Castiel’s shoulders as Cas spears inside of him again and again. He’s greedy for it now, and anticipation has him arching his back and pushing his ass up to meet his next thrust.
Castiel didn’t expect to be, but as something warm takes root inside his chest while he sits across from Dean, he has to admit he’s impressed by the sight laid out in front of him.
Dean squeezes his inner thigh and Castiel feels his heart jackhammer in his chest when he realizes he somehow forgot about his hand burning like a brand on his leg. He lifts his hands and puts them on the curve of her hips, and before he can even react, she bends so her ass drags across his cock.
Because he knows there’s no way he’s going to be able to dodge this for two days, he decides to just get it over with. “Cas told me I’m a sexy son of a bitch and planted one on me at Charlie’s Halloween party.”
Cas gives him a dirty look, but a few seconds later, he does a pretty fucking terrible fake laugh, and Grace gets a really big, face-cracking grin on her face. “See, it’s working! Do it again!” Cas does, and this time, Grace’s smile gets even
Any hesitancy Cas started out with vanishes in an instant, and as Cas takes complete control and kisses him to within an inch of his life, Dean’s libido finally kicks his brain into gear. He gives as good as he gets and he pulls out all of his best stuff, rolling his tongue against Cas’s all slow and sensual. It’s a dizzying contrast to the solid pressure of their lips locked together, and he elicits a low sound from Cas’s throat that has him moving instinctively to spread his legs to make room for Cas between them.
Cas collapses on top of Dean while the aftershocks still have him breathless, and then the two of them share a surprised look and laugh like lunatics until Dean has tears streaming down his face.
Dean’s music and they’d totally come for a chance to meet him, or even just to get some merch to support him.”
Dean must be thinking the same thing, because Dean takes a selfie of the three of them together before he gets up to fix Grace’s bottle. It’s a little early to start the bedtime routine, but Grace is rubbing her eyes and they both know she must be tired from not napping well earlier. She guzzles down her bottle quickly and is asleep with the nipple still in her mouth so fast that Castiel feels bad to have to wake her up enough to burp and change her. Although she whines a couple of times, she quiets as soon as Castiel or Dean picks her up the same way she’s been doing since he got her home.
His voice is hard and unforgiving, and Castiel opens his mouth to apologize, to explain that he thought he needed the sleep more, when Dean cracks a smile.
Needing to check for himself that he’s sufficiently stretched, he shoves two fingers inside of him and kisses him soundly to swallow Dean’s moan. Now knowing that he’s ready to take him, he takes a minute to search around until he finds Dean’s sweet spot and strokes it with his fingertips until Dean’s panting too hard to maintain their kiss.
just look at you giving into it, being so good for me.” Castiel’s words are so filled with awe they’re almost reverent, and Dean smiles weakly as he struggles to catch his breath from the onslaught of passion wracking his body. “Do you like this?” Castiel asks, rubbing around his rim once more.
“He was something, though, wasn’t he?” Cas says excitedly. “Smart and funny, going from so shy he wouldn’t even look up to asking you for this bedroom in the matter of an hour.”
He always sorta thought this moment would be romantic when it finally came. Binding himself physically, emotionally, and sexually to one person for the rest of his life is the ultimate symbol of commitment and loyalty, after all. But it’s been more and more difficult to resist biting Cas each and every time they’re intimate, and with Cas’s heat scent as thick as it is in the air and Dean’s knot seconds away from locking them together, he doesn’t have the ability to stop and slow things down.
Liam runs further into the yard, and while they both keep a careful eye on him, Dean’s more than happy to lean back against Cas when his arms come around him. “I don’t think I’ll ever get used to that,” Cas says quietly.
Then she hangs up and he hits Sam’s contact next, filling him in and snapping a quick picture of the progress he made so far before hanging up again and calling Cas.
Cas chuckles but agrees, and twenty minutes later, Dean’s several hundred dollars poorer and he and Cas divvy up the bags and head back to the house separately. Once inside, Cas gets the tablet charging and Dean dumps the toys out on the kitchen table so Liam can check them out whenever. He doesn’t take them out of the boxes just in case Liam doesn’t like them, because he figures he can bring them back and get something he does like instead if that’s the case.
“So you forced a partnership with my kingdom, hoping my men would help you take over in the name of war?” John asks.
“Liar, liar. I saw you run back here like your pants were on fire,” Charlie deadpans, closing the door behind both of them and locking it.
“I would,” she says, tugging the collar of his shirt out of the way. He bats her hand away, but not before she gets the ammo she was looking for. “But it looks like the guy you’re raising a kid with, sleeping with, living with, but definitely
“I’m glad you gave me a reason to dress up again. Though I guess I didn’t end up needing the little pumpkin basket thing after all.”
simultaneously fill with all the different reasons Castiel would want more privacy with him. Castiel’s proximity combined with the ideas in his head makes it hard to pull himself out of his thoughts and remember to focus on what they’re supposed to be doing, but when he catches sight of the pond in front of him, he remembers.
Cas has his blood boiling within seconds, and as he winds his fingers into Cas’s thick hair and holds him close, Cas makes a pleased little sound against his lips that has him thrusting his tongue deeper into his mouth. Cas’s hips push forward and he’s forced back, his lower back hitting the counter at the same time he feels the bulge of Cas’s dick rub against his own.
Dean makes a sound that sounds a lot like, “Pffft,” before he drops his gaze, feeling strangely called out by the innocent question. Probably because Sam just stumbled into the one thing he can’t stop thinking about. He and Cas have talked about wanting to get married—not to each other, but someday. He knows they love each other, that Cas is it for him, and that the situation they’re in with Liam is permanent, so they could be, too. This is everything he’s ever wanted and there’s no reason why he shouldn’t be thinking about looking for a ring... except it’s
Castiel hesitates, but only for a moment before he hands it over. “Thank you. I guess I’m a little bit more spoiled than I thought.”
“You’re sweet.” Cas scooches just a little bit closer, and says, “I’ve actually been wanting to talk to you about something all day, but I wanted to do it in person. I know it’s late, but I really want to tell you.”
“I swear I didn’t hang around and watch or anything, but I heard noises coming from your room one night and went to check if you were okay. You
“Here’s the diaper bag,” Dean says, holding it out for Mary. “Enough diapers to last a week, formula, soothers, change of clothes, and all that fun stuff inside.”
Dean smiles softly at the way Cas’s cheeks are heating up from his confession. “Then I guess it’s a good thing we’ve got forever to keep trying until we get it right.”
“Dean,” Castiel says quietly. His hesitation is evident in every line of his body, but it’s the uncertainty in the blue eyes Dean loves so much that causes an ache in his chest. “I don’t want anyone to get the wrong idea about you. About what kind of man you are.”
He nods, understanding that part, but there’s still the fact that Castiel is descended from angels that he’s having a hard time fully grasping. “This is a lot to wrap my head around,” Dean admits. “I’m courting somebody who’s part angel.”
He walks back to his car with a spring in his step but undeniable fear twisting in his stomach, too, knowing he’s got less than four hours to convince himself it’s not a big deal to fall for the guy he’s living with.
“Believe it or not, I kinda figured that out on my own,” Dean says back, not bothering to hide his sarcastic tone. “It’s cold out, you’re hungry and sick, and no offence, buddy, but you smell pretty rank.” The man looks insulted, and he has a feeling if his face wasn’t already flushed from the fever he probably has, he would be burning with embarrassment. “Since I’m not about to kick you back out into the snow seeing as you obviously have no place to go, I figured it would make things a hell of a lot more pleasant for both of us if you had a shower and put on some clean clothes. Okay?”
“Do you got Netflix? ‘Cause it’s on Netflix!” Liam tells them, making him chuckle with how earnest he looks with those big blue eyes.
Liam comes running down the hall then, the front of his shirt predictably soaked (which means there’s water all over the bathroom), and he slides into a stop when he sees the annoyed expression on Dean’s face. “I forgotted again.”
“It was for dinner,” Cas clarifies. “Thank you for putting yourself through something you would never do for yourself just to try to impress me.”
“Guess I better pick you more flowers while we’re out here, then. I dropped the ball this morning, and I don’t want you having second thoughts.”
“But it shouldn’t have been, and you knew that, and you didn’t even complain.” Turning to face him fully now, Sam says, “If I’m anything to be proud of, it’s because of you. Because you dragged my ass out of bed every morning, fed me three times a day, and sacrificed everything to make sure I could have the kind of life you never got.”
Dean hums his agreement as arousal rushes through him, and when Cas tightens his grip in his hair and urges him to start bobbing his head, Dean is more than happy to match the tempo of his own hand flying over his cock to each bob of his head. Cas likes it fast, and he starts a rhythm of a dozen quick little shallow thrusts that has the head of his cock nudging against Dean’s soft palate. Again, Dean curls the flat of his tongue along his length and maintains steady suction as Cas fucks his face just the way he likes it.
As his eyes adjust, he can see Cas blinking tiredly, and his fingers itch to push through that messy hair of his. “You can have as many other friends as you want, just not in my bed.”
Both Dean’s mouth and eyes pop open as he inhales a sharp breath, and Castiel does it again, smoothing his hand from base to tip as he watches Dean’s features shift with pleasure. “Shit, Cas,” Dean breathes.
enough to bring him to orgasm by himself for the first time, and he’s exhilarated and undeniably proud as he helps Dean work through the aftershocks. Dean’s thrusts stutter and slow before they stop altogether, and when Dean collapses on top of him, he wipes his hand on the bedsheets before he wraps his arms around Dean.
“It wasn’t that bad. Kind of embarrassing, but I didn’t really have a lot to talk about so it wasn’t that bad.”
2) ... How’d I do with the handcuffs? This is the first time I’ve written something like this and I’m more than a little nervous!
With a little bounce in his step (that he stubbornly refuses to believe comes from the relief of just giving in), he takes extra care grooming. He shaves, uses the nicest smelling after-shave he has just to give his ego a little boost, and messes his hair up more than usual to give himself a carefully rumpled look that he hopes reminds Cas of how good they are in bed together. He can’t dress up because he knows Cas would notice, but he chooses a soft, green, vee-neck tee that’s loose on his stomach but clings to his shoulders and arms nicely, and pairs it with the jeans that had Cas commenting on his ass a few days ago.
multiple times over the last few years and saw a lot of you and me in David and Patrick’s relationship,” Cas explains. “The cat I adopted just happened to have black fur with a white ring around his neck, so he had to be David and not Patrick.”
Castiel groans loudly, his body still aching for the knot he knows Dean isn’t going to give him now that he remembers that it’s a stupid weekday and they both have to get ready for work. “Shit.”
Cas gets up to grab a pencil, and they start making notes and changes as they read, and Dean’s feeling solid and sturdy right until they get to the shooting location.
Dean finishes against Cas’s lips, but considering his hands are frantically unbuttoning Cas’s shirt, it’s pretty clear to both of them that he doesn’t want to stop. He gets Cas’s shirt undone just enough to pull it up and over his head, and Cas rips his shirt up and off for him, too. His shoulders are heaving, his eyes enthusiastically taking in the sight of Cas’s thick biceps and muscular chest. He’s even broader and more fit than he remembers, and the geeky exterior mixed with the weight-lifter’s body has his groin tightening with a new wave of desire. That cocky smile is back on Cas’s face as Cas traps him against the wall and bends at the knee, applying pressure to the backs of his thighs and leaving Dean no choice but to wrap his legs around Cas’s waist when Cas hauls him up off of his feet.
It’s such a thoughtful gesture that he’s completely speechless. Dean obviously takes it the wrong way, because the next words out of his mouth are, “Sorry. I don’t know what I was thinking, it was a dumb idea—”
He gives Dean a skeptical look once they arrive, but Dean clasps his hand down on Cas’s shoulder and says, “Come on, it’ll be fun.” He follows Dean inside where Dean tells the hostess they have a reservation, and they’re whisked away to a table in front of a big picture window that has a hell of a view and the most expensive-looking silverware Cas has ever seen in his life.
“Ah, young love,” Chuck says, tilting his head condescendingly. “See, Dean here is much too young and rash for anybody with half a brain to give him the responsibilities of a king, so I thought if I waited until after he and Castiel were married, the power would go to Castiel.
He’s glad for Cas pressed against him now, because he’s pretty sure it’s the only thing keeping him standing when he sees that Liam has both hands in the raw egg and he’s smearing them along the counter like he’s making a fucking finger painting.
Once the tailor is all finished with his measurements, Dean talks to him about taking care of the cost for all their suits. He follows the tailor to the front desk and arranges for both Sam and Cas to get their deposits refunded to the original method of payment, then leaves his credit card information for the suits and the adjustments.
His eyes are filling with moisture now, partly because Dean’s right and partly because the idea of Dean thinking he doesn’t feel how Dean feels is enough to make him want to cry. Dean’s voice is so quiet when he starts up again that Castiel can tell how hard this must be for Dean to put himself out there like this again—in front of Sam and Jess, and on video this time, too—and he can’t stand it for another second.
“So no pressure, then,” Dean says sarcastically. But he gets up carefully and Cas only sees the paint crease in a few minor places that he fixes before he can’t, and then he gets to work on his arms.
Dean laughs dryly. “I’ve seen my share of tits, Cas. Every woman’s got a pair, and they’re all awesome, but not everybody has lips like that.”
Cas whines, rutting against him again, purposely this time by the feel of it. “But only because I don’t want the first time we have sex to be over before it starts.”
“Of course.” She smiles more genuinely now, and Dean can tell the shock is starting to wear off and the mother he knows and loves is rising slowly to the surface. “You don’t have to be sorry for being who you are, Dean. You’re our son above everything else, and I meant it when I said I just want you to be happy. If a man is what’s going to make you happy, then
“You know they’re not really bombs, right?” Dean asks with a crooked smile, but Liam is still staring wide-eyed at his tablet and clearly hasn't heard a word he said. “Liam?” Dean asks. Still nothing, and now Liam’s walking back towards the living room completely engrossed by the tablet like Dean doesn’t even exist. “Good talk,” he says sarcastically.
thing to do. Nevertheless, Castiel has never been able to deny him anything, and he’s not about to start on his best friend’s birthday.
a good morning,” Cas teases, already moving to dip his hand beneath the elastic band of Dean’s boxers.
on top of me.” He rolls his hips to prove his point, pressing his lips to Cas’s to muffle his sharp sound of pleasure from the friction between their cocks. “You feel so good, Cas.” As he runs his hands down Cas’s muscular shoulders, he feels inspired to add, “And you’re hot as hell.”
She looks back at the woman. “They don’t seem to be causing a scene to me,” she says with a shrug, causing the other woman’s jaw to drop with indignation. “Is there anything else I can help you with?”
“And considering you were my big gay awakening and literally nobody has more material in my spank bank than you, it’s a little flustering,” Dean finally blurts.
“I want to see what it looks like inside,” Cas says. “Come on. I thought you said you could pick locks.” Dean chews his bottom lip, wondering how much shit they’d get in if they get caught. The Sheriff has been friends with his mom since he was a kid, so probably not a whole lot, but even if Sheriff Mills doesn’t give him a hard time, his mom sure as fuck will. “Please?” Cas begs.
He feels lips press soft and dry to his forehead and snuggles in closer, but Cas says, “Liam’s awake. Go back to sleep,” and rolls away, leaving him with a frown on his face when he falls back asleep.
Dean was already aware of all of these rules, so he signs and dates the paper and places the pen on top. “If you change your mind about the red, twist the dial on the end of your bracelet here.” Benny twists is now so he can see how it switches through an array of different colors. “Any safe words you want on file?” Dean shakes his head. “Credit card?”
“Depends. You gonna be in there with me?” Cas nods his reply, and Dean says, “Like Heaven.” Cas ducks in to peck his lips once more, then disappears into the bathroom to run the water. It isn’t long before Cas comes out to collect him. Oddly, he feels no pain at all when he gets up, but he forgets all about it when he sees that Castiel has added his favorite oils to the tub without asking to make it smell like vanilla and spice. Cas has the leftover candles from their date night going to, and so it’s actually quite nice when they lower themselves into the water.
If this was Sam or Jo, he wouldn’t even consider telling them the whole truth. He knows they’d give him shit and call him stupid for agreeing to any of this when he knew he was in love with Cas before it even started. Charlie might, too, but he figures there’s at least a chance Charlie has gone through being in love with a friend. This right here, right now, is probably the best chance he’ll ever have to find somebody who might understand what he’s going through even a little bit.
Cas swallows around him with greedy abandon, sucking and swirling his tongue against him for all that he’s worth, and when Dean’s thrust sends him back into the hot tunnel of Cas’s throat, he realizes with a choked-off sob that Cas is no longer holding him back.
Things seem to settle into a rhythm from there on out. Wednesday is their second lunch date, Sam stops by a few times a week for dinner, and the following weekend, he and Cas leave Liam with Sam late afternoon to go out for their first real date. Dean takes him for a bit of a drive until they wind up at the Strataca underground salt museum. Cas lights up like a little kid when he realizes what they’re doing, and just when he doesn’t think the guy can get any cuter, he gets to see Cas in a hardhat in order for them to go underground. The facts Cas whispers to him under his breath are a hell of a lot more interesting than what the tour guide is saying, and Dean’s left bursting with pride over just how intelligent Cas is. The whole thing takes about two hours, and they’ve definitely walked enough to work up an appetite, which is when they head to the restaurant Dean picked out for dinner.
Cas sounds sure, so Dean arches his back to give Cas some space to pull his shirt up and off. He goes for Cas’s as soon as his is over his head, and the view gets 100% better when he can take in how good Cas’s firm chest and sinewy arms look as Cas braces himself on his shoulders. Skin to skin always makes things better, and neither of them are shy about touching the other’s body while their lips seal back together. He loses himself in vast sweeps of palms over warm skin, fingers clutching and clenching around biceps, shoulders, and hips, chests bumping together and nipples bare and peaked with pleasure.
“Me, too,” Dean replies, his palms sweating and his face still hot enough that he’s sure it’s fifty different shades of red. He shoots Cas a cocky grin anyway and says, “Maybe we can do it again sometime.”
It’s fucking ridiculous the way his heart catapults right back out of his chest. He’s a grown man for god's sake, and he’s rubbed elbows with some of the most famous people alive. The idea of lunch with Cas shouldn't make him want to take cover behind the bar.
It’s not long after Cas gets back that the pediatrician returns to discharge Liam, and Dean does the heavy lifting with Liam’s dead weight in his arms as he carries him out to the car. He buckles Liam into his booster without waking the kid up, and once he backs out of the parking spot, Cas hands him a now unwrapped sandwich to eat.
They do the dishes and then move things to the living room where they decide to watch a movie since it’s a weekend, and because Dean’s aware of why his skin buzzes every time their skin so much as brushes, it’s more easily manageable. He contemplates reaching out to hold Cas’s hand or maybe putting his arm around him to keep him nice and close where his instincts are trying to convince him Cas should be, but he doesn’t want his rut scent to be so appealing that Cas goes along with it even though he wouldn’t have otherwise, so he settles for slotting their knees together as usual.
might be able to blow Dean’s mind, and thankfully, Chastity is making it easy on him. She’s leaning back against the pole, and as she slides down it slowly with her ass cheeks snug against it Castiel can feel his heart start thundering in his chest. When she’s slid halfway down, she spreads her legs to reveal a lace thong that his all of his buttons and has his palms sweating already.
“But I’m telling you, Dean. One look at him and…” Sam shakes his head, his lips pressing together into a tight line. “I was scared, Dean,” he admits. “I don’t trust him. There’s no way it’s a coincidence that I’ve been dreaming about him—him
As wonderful as that sounds, it also sounds like a prelude to goodbye, which he doesn’t like. “I will,” Castiel promises.
“You have five minutes before you have to leave, but Rufus is waiting outside to escort myself and Sam to the chapel in the carriage.”
Cas’s smile only grows, but that’s when Jess inserts herself into their conversation again. “If you don’t start grilling in the next thirty seconds,
Dean’s as nervous as a teenager on prom night and nowhere near as likely to get lucky. He’s already changed into the pants Cas gave him, used the bathroom, and now he’s looking into the mirror trying to will the stupid flush off of his face caused by the idea of sharing a bed with Cas.
Dean hums against his skin, sending vibrations up his throat. Dean’s mouth — his lips, tongue, and teeth — is like magic, honing in on every sensitive inch on Castiel’s skin from the shoulders up and then working them one at a time until Castiel is nothing more than a desperate, writhing mess. Dean has a solid grip on his hips, and he’s using it to either hold Castiel still or keep their groins from lining up. Either way, Dean’s fingers are maddening there, inches away from where Castiel really wants them but close enough to the general area to have heat coursing through him like lava.
Cas is still trembling, and Dean can feel how his whole body is held tight with tension. Dean rubs over his shoulders and down his back, trying to soothe the man he loves a little bit. “Not gonna blow your load before we even get started, are ya?” Dean teases.
His face floods with color when he thinks about his soulmate hearing his voice crack and how he’s barely ever been able to get a word out when he’s up on stage, and just like that, the excitement and happiness he had been feeling two minutes ago is buried under so much shame and embarrassment he doesn’t know if he’ll ever be able to feel it ever again.
“Liam’s a little nervous about living in another new house,” Donna explains, crouching down next to him. “But remember what I said in the car?”
Heat rises inside of him like an inferno, in a single second engulfing him from head to toe, and when Cas’s hand licks like flames over his stomach to curl around his still rock-hard cock, he whimpers.
Castiel’s mouth turns down at one side. He’s not overly thrilled by the prospect of a beer, but he is at a brewery, and he really should know what he’s getting himself into here. “What do you suggest?”
He doesn’t even have to say anything before Cas grabs his hand to reassure him. “Calm down. It won’t be so bad once we get out of such a busy area.”
Driving in the Impala with on hand on the wheel and one hand tangled with Cas’s. Cas slipping into his bed in the middle of the night and pulling Dean into his arms. Yelling at Cas after he does something to sacrifice himself for him, Sam, and Jack
He’s about to say that Cas is supposed to be watching the fireworks and not him, but Liam speaks up before he gets a chance. “Boys can’t be beautiful,” Liam laughs. “That's for girls.”
“He was a lifesaver,” Cas confirms, looking at him like he saved a baby from a burning building. “But he can have his unit back now so he doesn’t have to suffer at home.”
Something prickles along his skin and he opens his eyes again to see Cas watching him as his lips tease their way along the underside of his shaft. Dean’s hips buck just from that, like he’s a fucking kid again and can’t control the urge to chase the smallest hint of promised release, so he can’t exactly blame Cas when thick fingers curl around his hips to hold him still.
Dean shakes his head when he says, “Could be late tonight or anytime after. Depends if they spent any time in the LOA or just turned right back around and came home. Knowing dad—”
“Be-because,” Castiel stutters, losing the rest of his reply to a gasp when Dean palms over his growing erection.
“As long as you know me admitting to thinking about it sometimes doesn’t mean it’s going to happen right away, I don’t see any harm in it.”
He huffs out a laugh when Jess and Sam both snicker at the memory, and thanks to the reminder from Cas, he knows Cas
Cas makes a sound of agreement against his neck, but instead of making any move to stop, he dips down and sucks even harder on his collar bone, his big hands urging Dean to keep rocking his hips against him. Cas’s scruff scrapes pleasantly on his raw skin and his fingers tighten in Cas’s hair and it’s so fucking good and exactly what he wants but even halfway to drunk he knows it’s
he is more than okay with that. Hell, he just figured out a little while ago that he might be okay with that forever.
For what must be the hundredth time today, he tells himself he’s being ridiculous to feel so much about such a small, inconsequential act, but even his internal dialogue about acting like a teenage girl still doesn’t manage to wipe the smile off of his face. When Cas joins him in bed after his turn using the facilities, they move together wordlessly, Cas opening his arms and Dean going into them easily.
“Thanks for sharing,” Sam deadpans. Turning his attention to Cas, Sam asks, “Did you order in for pizza yet? Jess is on her way over.”
“I would be fine with that,” Cas tells him. “It killed me knowing that you were hurting and wouldn’t let me help you.”
But considering I tried to get into my neighbor’s apartment instead of mine, I don’t think I have much room to judge
“Since before the accident, I’m guessing?” Dean nods, and Cas says, “Well add another seven-ish years onto that and then maybe I’ll feel bad for you.”
“You said you were the captain of the football team, and I saw that picture of you getting all those candy canes. This is a small town. I can put two and two together.”
“It’s hard to believe it’s possible, but that was worlds better than I dreamed it would be, and I had extremely high expectations,” Cas says.
He gets one hand on Castiel’s shoulder and pulls himself in, erasing even the idea of space between them as he plasters himself against Castiel. Castiel’s strong arms wrap around his lower back, spreading his legs enough that one thick thigh works its way between Dean’s as Castiel pulls him more securely against him. Dean gasps at the first point of friction between his cock and Castiel’s thigh, and Castiel’s mouth moves smoothly from his lips to neck, licking and sucking at the sensitive flesh while Dean’s head spins and the sound of his fast, harsh panting fills the room.
He wants Cas to get lost in sensation and pleasure and instinct until he comes so hard he gushes slick all over his face, and to get that, he goes with what he’s already learned Cas likes: circling Cas’s rim with his tongue, lapping at his slick to clean it up, and then dipping inside with his tongue—oscillating between shallow and soft or rigid and deep—while he listens to the sound of Cas’s fingers tightening on the headboard between his heavy panting.
“No,” Cas answers. Before he even asks the question, he knows he’s going to regret it, but he has to know the truth. “You always told me not to believe everything I read in magazines and see on the internet, so I’m genuinely asking you. Are you sleeping with all of these girls you’re photographed with on red carpets and in restaurants?”
Castiel’s hands slide down the back of his thighs as he bends at the knee, getting a good grip before he straightens up, and their mouths part as Dean gasps when Castiel lifts him straight up off of the ground like he doesn’t weigh a thing. He wraps his legs around Cas’s waist, unbelievable pleasure rocking him to his very core when he feels Castiel’s cock nudging between his asscheeks, and then Castiel takes half a dozen steps and his back hits the mattress as Castiel’s body covers his.
Cas turns to face him, and Dean gets his first look at what Cas is wearing today. It’s not a plaid shirt and it’s not a sweater vest, it’s just a cozy-looking beige-colored, cable knit pull-over sweater. Definitely old-mannish, but Cas looks soft and adorable and Dean wants to scoop him up and tell him how perfect he is in between planting as many dozens of kisses to the top of his head as Cas will let him.
Dean packs away his guitar and goes to get himself a soda from the fridge, and by the time he sits back down, Cas is ready to join him again. It might be because he’s expecting it, but he thinks he can smell a little bit of weed on Cas’s breath when he sits next to him on the couch, and for the first time in a long time, he actually misses smoking.
“I believe you,” Cas says quietly, and Dean’s eyes shut as relief floods him. “And I still love you,” Cas tacks on, and his knees genuinely go weak with how good that feels to hear. Cas must be able to tell he’s barely keeping it together, because he pulls him into his arms and hugs him so fucking tight. Dean buries his face in his neck and lets out several deep, shuddering breaths, trying to focus on Cas rubbing his back because if he’s rubbing his back and hugging him, Cas must not want to break up with him right?
And the thing was, Dean was sure. He had done all of his thinking over the last few days leading up to tonight. He had weighed the pros and cons more times than he could count, and he ultimately landed squarely in the “worth the risk” category every single time. So when he heard Cas ask him those words, he didn’t have to think, and the two of them strolled into Sam and Jess’s apartment.
because he can’t even take care of his own baby. It feels like his heart is in his throat—or maybe it’s embarrassment making it impossible for him to utter a word? Regardless, Dean must be able to hear Grace screaming her head off and put two and two together, because the next thing he says is, “Castiel? That you?”
“Oh, thank god you’re not one of those people who have luke-warm showers,” Dean says, standing in front of him and effectively cutting him off from the spray of the water. “That coulda been a deal breaker you know,” he jokes. He
“Even though my ass got hairier?” Dean quips. When Dean sees Castiel roll his eyes, Dean’s smile turns to outright laughter—the loud kind that booms from low in his belly and crinkles his eyes at the sides—and that right there is why Castiel never truly gets tired of Dean’s crude comments. Not when his reactions always make Dean so happy.
He figures Cas is probably at least as tired and lazy-feeling as he is today, so he doesn’t bother shaving before he leaves even though he usually stays clean-shaven in public. He switches out of his sweatpants to put on a pair of jeans, though, and throws on an ancient Star Wars t-shirt that’s so worn it has a hole in one of the armpits. He grabs a light canvas jacket on his way out, and ten minutes later, he’s parking his 1967 Chevrolet Impala
I’d be hugging the toilet bowl right now.” Cas cocks his head to the side, so adorably disbelieving that it encourages him to say a little bit more. “If you weren’t you being such a dumbass before when you were lying and pushing yourself to figure out a way for me to get here, I dunno if it ever would’ve happened.”
The pressure low in his groin is building rapidly, rising to the enticing point of no return, driving him to chase his pleasure with less finesse and more intensity.
“Yeah because it wasn’t her kid!” Dean points out. “It’s a lot easier to keep your shit together when it’s somebody else’s entire world falling down around you.”
“Just don’t stir ‘til after I can make sure there’s no shells this time,” Dean tacks on, opening a cupboard and pulling down the silver mixing bowl. “Here you go, buddy. Get cracking.”
That amusement only lasts a second because he gets hit with the full power of Dean’s giddy smile. It makes him realize for the first time just how close the two of them are standing, and like the thought itself erases everything else, he can’t think of a single other thing. He can practically feel the warmth radiating off of Dean’s body, and the instinct to move in closer and allow Dean to protect him and his baby is almost overwhelming in its intensity.
“That’s very soft. It feels nice, doesn’t it?” Dean makes some kind of affirmative sound that he couldn’t replicate if he tried, and then Cas says, “How’s this?” He parts his lips and and kisses Dean through the delicate fabric, making Dean impossibly harder with his warm lips and moist exaltations. Dean’s nails bite into Cas’s shoulders when he gives into the overwhelming need to push up onto the balls of his feet, trying desperately to get his dick closer to the teasing heat of Cas’s mouth, wanting and needing
so he doesn’t have to do something humiliating like tiptoe out of his room, but he does have to lie in Liam’s bed every single night Cas is gone to get him to fall asleep.
Obviously understanding the issue, Cas opens his car door for Liam to get in, then suggests, “We should really buy another seat.”
“Oh, Dean,” Cas breathes. “You’re already close, aren’t you?” Dean nods, panting, sweating, and flying high with the amount of love he’s feeling from every one of Cas’s touches. “So good. So good for me.”
Castiel jolts back as Baby takes a deep breath in and let’s it out in a long, quivering sigh. Dean’s just as startled as Castiel seems to be, but only because his head was in the clouds, not because he’s afraid of the horse.
“You've got me,” Cas promises, tenderly skirting his hands down his torso. Cas pauses to brush his fingertips over every dip and plane he encounters on the way down, kissing the freckles he finds on his chest until those big hands of his land on his hips. Blue eyes catch his, holding the most enamored look he’s ever seen aimed at him within them. “You are so beautiful.”
Between people, Dean tells him, “You know, the first time we were out here, I noticed this seat was barely big enough for two and was basically burning with jealousy thinkin’ about you sitting here with somebody who wasn’t me.”
“You’d better pass the bottle then, because there’s no way I’m going this sober,” Castiel relents. “And when it’s my birthday and I want to go to a museum, I don’t want to hear a single word out of you.”
Cas’s voice is low and full of grit when he speaks again. “Let’s see how much your pretty lips can take.”
“I don’t know. Now that I’m looking at this, I do have a vague recollection of somebody popular sitting behind me. I just don’t remember the details.”
He isn’t quite sure what to say to that, so he falls back on his manners. “My name is Castiel Milton.”
He knows he’s supposed to turn and face the officiant, but he can’t bring himself to waste a moment looking at anything other than Cas when he’s standing right in front of him, looking more gorgeous than he ever dreamed. And so without speaking, they break tradition and face each other, holding hands and gazing deep into one another’s eyes. He can’t stop smiling as the officiant begins blathering on and on about shit Dean doesn’t really care about, and it seems Castiel can’t either, because they’re finally really here. They’re standing at the altar together, in love and about to be married, and nothing else matters except for the man standing in front of him.
“Don’t fix it.” Castiel frowns again, and Dean continues with a more normal tone. “It really works for you with the whole messy-haired thing. You look good.”
Liam tells them, clearly not catching on to how corny Cas is being. “You’re definitely gonna taste ‘em. But only if I screw up and I’m not gonna!”
“No!” Dean says quickly. “No. I told them not to make fun of you or push you into lockers or do any of the other stupid shit jocks do. You barely even glanced at me but I still, I dunno, I didn’t want you to have a shitty time in school.”
The realization obliterates every other thought, leaving only sensation and the desire for more—for this kiss to never end. The vague idea that he has to go back to work evaporates with a flick of the tip of Cas’s tongue. The self awareness he’d usually cling to since he’s in broad daylight on a suburban street in Kansas with another man
“People could watch it and hate it,” Dean answers. Then he changes his mind. “No. People could watch it and have no reaction at all. They could just click onto another one of the twenty-five million videos on YouTube and never give me another thought.”
There’s a lengthy pause where Dean blinks, waiting impatiently for a response before Cas replies dryly. “Eat them?"
He must’ve fucked it up somethin’ fierce because Liam looks more upset now than he did before he started. Dean feels like his heart is breaking into a million little pieces when he sees Liam’s bottom lip is starting to tremble and hears his voice is high-pitched when he speaks. “Can—can love like—like—like me and you—or me and Cas wear off too?”
The pressure is incredible. He never grips himself quite as tight as Cas is right now and it’s doing things to him, ripping new sounds out of him he’s never made before. Cas’s thumb draws circles and patterns around the head and ridge of his cock, stealing his breath with his talented fingers. Every time the pad of Cas’s thumb swipes along the slit he feels just how wet Cas has gotten him, and before he even knows what’s happening his balls are drawing up, tightening so deliciously, and his breath is coming out in short, fast bursts of, “Cas. Cas,
Once their food is prepared the way they like it, they sit at the table and dig in. Cas’s first bite of his burger earns him a hum of approval, and as soon as Cas swallows, the kind of praise that leaves Dean preening like a damn peacock for the rest of their meal. Just like on Saturday, it’s easy to talk to Cas. They talk about food tonight, all of their favorite restaurants in town and out of town, their favorite breakfast place, the best coffee, the best desserts, and the list goes on and on. Their tastes align a lot of the time, though apparently Dean’s gotta give Cas’s breakfast place a try.
Dean presses a kiss to his bare shoulder, letting those words wrap around him like a warm blanket. “Like I said, let’s never fight again.”
“Nothing,” Dean says quickly. Too quickly, if the look of disbelief on Cas’s face is anything to go by. “Okay, not
“I’m on my way and we’ll get this all straightened, okay?” he says, getting into his car and starting her up.
Castiel’s lips quirk before he can stop them. “Roasted Brussels sprouts with bacon and maple syrup.”
“Hmm,” Cas hums. “I’m not particularly worried about that, but if it would make you feel better, we can get them.”
had him for so fucking long already, Cas pulls himself up to sitting so he can seal their mouths together again.
Dean snorts a laugh. Then as he catches a flash of color from the TV, he says, “Hey! We didn’t even miss Voldemort coming back! That’s my favorite part!”
“That’s okay. I have a thing for blue eyes and bedhead.” He slides his fingers through Cas’s hair, and adds, “On you, anyway.”
Sam’s place isn’t too far away (nothing is in Pinewood Grove) and he makes it there in less than ten minutes, pulling his truck in the driveway right next to his dad’s old 1967 Impala. It was left to him when his dad finally drank himself to death years ago, but it didn’t exactly fit his lifestyle back in L.A., so Sam’s been storing it for him. Charlie wasn’t bullshitting him either, it’s freshly washed
