Big, blond and dumb, this is what people believe of Thor. In their defence, for hundreds of years, he never went anywhere without Loki, and every one would look dumb, in comparison to Loki. Also in their defence, the older and wiser Thor became, even if sometimes it was a bumpy ride, the more he understood the advantage it could be to be believed a bit of an idiot.
“Since when are you interested in that subject?”
And Bruce?
“Pain?” Stark asked.
“I’m not there for a program, for Bruce, for Pepper, for Rhodey or whatever link you will find between me and your third janitor.”
“Do you want to take the risk? SI on the hot seat because of that?”
Not because of the poking thing. That was stupid. Only, Bruce understood perfectly well smart men could do stupid things.
“Well, if you’re testing it on your co-conspirator, it’s still a secret, so you need more breasts, don’t you? Before Dr Janssens take it back to Amsterdam.”
“Most of the time, it’s used for people who know eleven languages, or more.”
“Except I didn’t know you were Tony Stark,” the other woman remarked and it sounded like an old debate.
Nick put his head in his hands.
“How the fuck did you convince him of that?”
It was the first time they were alone since the moment Tony had injected Coulson.
“They’re trying to muddy the water, in working with us.”
“Mother-“
Together, they stepped into the ship, into adventures.
“Under my goddam nose-“he whispered. A hand on his shoulder, awkward and doing its best for comfort.
Obadiah had hesitated and Tony’s mood had turned to sombre.
But he had still given that last piece of advice, which he had repeated, years after years, until it was second nature to Tony.
Phil opened the paper bag he had brought and extracted a bottle and two glasses. He could feel Stark’s curious eyes, like a physical feeling. He hadn’t realized before Stark never gave people the full weight of his attention and he felt a little like an insect under a magnifying lens.
“…Twenty-four,” he confessed to a point behind her shoulder, apparently not ready to see her reaction.
“Just like that?”
See, that was strange for a lot of reasons.
“I beg your pardon?”
He had extracted the book from her grasp as fluid as if he was doing a magic trick.
“It’s Greek,” Tony had said, “And…it isn’t mine. A chick was there. Who knew literature major could be so brazen and sexually liberated!”
Pepper never asked herself why two of the conspirators had spoken English in the bathrooms. And if she had, she never would have reached the correct conclusion: that Tony had understood them in Vietnamese.
The next night, he was woken at three in the morning by Tony throwing himself onto his bed in a swan dive.
Twenty-five members, ten human, ten Asgardians, and five other members of their Alliance, direction the NGC 1300 barred spiral galaxy, 61 million light-years away.
“Is it goddam aliens again?”
So, Bruce was very careful in using the word genius.
“For years, I’ve thought Howard guilty of my Mom’s death, because of alcohol, and he was, but in a different way. Ironic, wasn’t it?”
“Help me,” he said, and Thor saw it cost him, but also that Tony was ready to beg if necessary, for a chance for his people, a chance for Earth. Because he was right. No matters how smart he was, they would have needed a hundred, a thousand like him, to be ready for what was coming.
There was a spark of scepticism in Tony’s eyes, and not the first time, Steve called himself an idiot internally. How could have he been so blind at their first meeting? How could have he not seen that Tony would pour anything he was, and behind, to help, until nothing was left for himself.
That Stark was a bit of a drama queen, who loved to have the last word. That he was much more than an engineer of missiles and flying suits of armours.
“….You will?”
“Sir?” Clint asked.
“Stark!! Stark, you can’t-“
“I didn’t know you read…Hebrew?” Pepper tried as a justification, because she had been his assistant for three months only and dammit, she needed that job.
“We aren’t. Not yet. I mean, I have ideas, but…”
So, Rhodey had to get back to work, and Tony, without Rhodey’ supervision, Tony invented a second version of Iron Man, not that he had talked to
Nick did. The pizza was excellent, the beer too, and if he didn’t exactly take his time, he did his best to savour it. In this sort of job, nobody knew when there would be enough time next for a hot meal, and Stark seemed ready to drop the hot mess of the decade on Nick’s lap.
“SI isn’t!,” he barked, “And you better remember I can sue you to the moon if you talk.”
“How much costed the dose you gave me.”
“And us, what are we doing?” Tony finally asked and Steve took his hand. It had been a long time coming.
“I wasn’t totally sure it would work,” Tony said, “I mean, I knew, of course, I designated it to work, but the blood loss need to be significant enough to trigger a reaction, and Jarvis never let me test it on myself.”
When he admitted to her one day he was bisexual, she put the mystery of that day on Miss Greek studies being a Mister Greek studies, and on Tony not being ready to out himself to her three months assistant, and never thought about it again.
“About dear old Dad’s misfits in recreating the serum and Hydra’s decision to take him out, using Barnes? Yeah, I’ve known for almost as long as I’ve known about Hydra.”
The Winter Soldier had been one of Hydra’s best secrets, and now, he was Shield’s best kept secret. Nobody had touched the cryo-pod since the strike team, led by Coulson himself, took down the Hydra agents guarding the Winter Soldier between missions. They brought him home from DC, where the pod was, to New York, but the Shield scientists didn’t want to wake him up until they had a better grasp on how. How to minimize the pain of leaving cryo sleep, how to broke the conditioning, how to make the oldest Prisoner of War of the USA finally free, after seventy years.
Bruce said nothing. Never. And together, they prepared a better world and searched for every answers the universe had to give.
“Yeah, yeah. Jarvis…. Jarvis is quite smart.”
“You aren’t alone,” he explained gently, “and I should have brought back people here long ago. Diplomatic ways will never be quick enough, not with the way your planet is divided, but scientists are smarter than rulers, once you put results in their hands. My people can teach you what you need, and you’ll teach other in return. Earth will be ready, we will all be ready. And we’ll finish the Mad Titan, for good, together, brother.”
“You saved my life, so I’m having a drink with you. And since your project is top secret, what would you say of preening, for once, with a human audience? I’m not as smart as Jarvis, but I would be happy to know more about the stuff in my veins….And first, if I get shoot tomorrow, would it still work? A second time? A third?”
Tony stayed silent. His gaze was pinning Steve down, that intelligent, otherworldly stare, which was usually hidden behind coloured glass to make people more comfortable.
“You never really remove J.”
“They won’t be,” Tony promised, as a small compartment opened at the waist of the suit. He took out an injector, red and gold, and without a word pushed it against Coulson’s belly. Whatever he injected, the burn was strong enough to numb for a second the trauma of his wound.
“Thought you would be all over genetic modified crop?” Clint remarked, and Tony had huffed: “Not at the cost of genetic variety loss. People are stupid.”
“Mister Stark!”
“I still need to work on it. I can’t go to the board with it. Not yet.”
He was already leaving, after dropping such a bombshell.
“This is an important subject, and I have no problem contributing.”
If he broke a few doors on the way, Jarvis knew to cover his tracks. From the moment Coulson went down to the moment Fury found him, the cameras stopped functioning in that area. Not surprising, with the virus Barton had sent. And the same cameras clearly saw Tony working an extra urgent repair in the suit, alone in a cargo bay, something no one could find strange, after the suit and its pilot playing flipper ball to save the entire ship.
Maria learned a few things that day.
“The board would lock me out at the first whisper of the other one, to protect the money they would make on the first one. I can’t lose SI, I can’t. I
And Tony would answer: “A better artificial heart.” Or “An arc reactor plane. Fuel, phew, what were they thinking?”, or something that looked like English but was a mystery like “A treatment for the Tay–Sachs disease”. Or “A tool to trap carbon dioxide, climate change has waited too long.” Or Clint’s favourite: “A moon station.”
apparently indicated a woman he had been corresponding with for years. That the good doctor had been sure he was a fellow specialist before he had reached out as Tony Stark after his return of Afghanistan. That his interests on the subject weren’t limited to the prototype and she was pretty sure, reading between the lines, he had also helped design new treatments protocols.
The scientists were too busy arguing between them, chemical or nanites, to ask themselves the question of why Loki’s sceptre would left that behind, but Fury asked himself the question every night, the only moment he could free himself from his responsibilities and sit down at one of his oldest friend bedside.
The thing was, the books were coming and going so fast, Rhodey never thought Tony read all of them, never mind remembered them, but he saw enough to understand Tony was uncomfortable with his thirst for knowledge, so Rhodey never talked about it. One of the bedrock of their friendship was that there was some things never talked about, from Howard to Rhodey brief foray into tattoos. That curiosity of Tony for all sorts of subjects was just another one of those silent subjects.
“Thank you,” the agent said, and he saw Stark pale.
“We can handle that later. I want to see the new interface working.”
“You know,” Maria said.
Rhodey turned, pushing Tony despite copious grumbling, until Tony was under the cover too, the little spoon to Rhodey big spoon, one of his wrist captured into Rhodey’s hand, the staccato of his heart reassuring under Rhodey’s fingers.
Steve found Tony in the penthouse. A drink in one hand, he was sombrely watching through the glass the mass of protesters. At this angle, it seemed like a never ending mob. Steve took a second to watch him. The skin was too pale, the shadows under the eyes too deep, the goatee unkempt and the hair a whole mess. And it was nine in the morning, and certainly not water in the glass.
“Not as much as I love a chance for Yinsen’s country. And I’m pretty sure the IMF will help.”
“And I think we’ll make each other disgustingly happy and keep each other in check of our most terrible bad habits.”
“And in how many of them can you talk dirty to me?” And a laugh escaped him and they rolled on the bed, where he obediently told her everything he wanted to do with her in a myriad of foreign words. And every one of them felt like a caress.
“If I solve other unsolved problems in mathematics, could we have more cake?” had asked Tony at the end of the dinner, then disappeared into the living room to do just that. Whoever Barry Simon was, Clint was sure his problems wouldn’t resist Tony Stark on a quest for more chocolate. And he was right.
“I’m Tony Stark,” he said and as a professional liar, she could admire the craft of a good actor, all false charm that would have work on anyone else, “I’m Tony Stark, playboy and America’s most lustful Casanova,” and then his smile turned self-deprecating.
Nobody could know, ever.
“I believe you.”
“My dad said after three languages, you weren’t a polyglot, you were a trained monkey,” he said and it made so much sense from what she knew of the departed and not so much regretted Howard Stark.
“Double fuck.”
“I didn’t know SI was developing a medical line.”
“Oh, kinky.”
“Oh, good. Is it about one of the veterans program? Or the one helping discharged soldiers find work? I told them they could all become space mercenaries!? There won’t be soon demand for it, the same way there is almost no more demand on Earth.”
Sometimes, he ever gifted himself the pleasure to do something with it. Oh, not a lot, he couldn’t, it was too dangerous. Nobody could know. He rationed himself to a few years a time, and he was always, always so careful to cover his tracks and to just…nudge things, never in the same domain, never to the same people. If the Pasteur Institute in Paris suddenly had a breakout in their research about a new genetically engineered vaccine against hepatitis B, and four months after a Mexican archaeological team working on the Monte Alban pyramid complex had one too, using their brand new magnetometers, nobody thought to search the computers of the Institute, or the magnetometers, to see if they had been accessed by an unauthorized party to push them into the good direction. Nobody would search, nobody would think to link the two, and if they did, nobody would even find something, because Tony didn’t leave trace, ever, and never just feed them the solution, just tinkered at things until the solution was evident.
But now…now, they were going.
“It’s for inter-system travels,” Thor immediately remarked, “I thought your specie hadn’t send man-shipped missions more far away than the moon, yet.”
“Did you unleash Skynet on the world? Did every SF movie taught you nothing?”
“Perfect, J.”
He had something that pretended to be a smile, but would have broken a heart weaker than Maria’s to witness.
“Nothing time sensitive, Jarvis checked and double checked and triple checked. And Bruce is on call if someone needed help to decipher some of your equations urgently. Also, Clint is bodyguarding Pepper all week and glaring at everyone who makes her work harder. He calls that being the power behind the throne of Earth, and he really shouldn’t because if the press hear it, the conspiracies will fly again.”
At dinner, he had watched with sharp eyes Laura prepared the chicken, then designed a more efficient energy-wise oven unto his napkin. When the time had come for bed, his nervous energy had dissolved into fidgeting.
And, moving slowly in case of protest, he planted a chaste kiss on Tony’s lips, a kiss that was more like the hundredth one between old lovers than the first one it was. A kiss that spoke of home and comfort, and Tony trembled under his hands.
“Not even to Fury?”
The months that passed after the battle of New York were of the same substance. Fury, or Captain America, or any other Avengers, asked of them some impossible feats of engineering, biology, genetics, or whatever the science domain of their mad scientist of the day was, anything, a weapon, a gadget, something, to stop said mad scientist to change the target of the day, New York most of the time but not always, into a flaming wreck, and Bruce and Tony delivered.
“The arrogance of you!” Tony protested, but despite himself, there was a curve to his lips, amused and perhaps a tad curious.
“Sure,” he lied naturally.
“A factory,” Tony said, “well, a complex of factories.”
“Well, my monetary values certainly increased. Do you want the help of SHIELD with it? No, no need to grimace, it was a sincere offer. I won’t say anything, to anyone, until the second version is ready.”
Something was brewing. Clint wasn’t the sort of man, even PL, Post- Loki, to miss a clue. Watching was some sort of talent of him. Even when he wasn’t really trying, his brain was observing, cataloguing.
“Always, Cap.”
It was the only valuable advice Howard gave him…No, it wasn’t true. There had been a time, when the intelligence of Tony had started to shine, when Howard had given him other good advices. Then, when Tony had reached the limits of what Howard knew, what Maria knew, and what his two special tutors, specialized in gifted kids, knew, even before he lost his first milk tooth, Howard had gone from proud to jealous.
He wrote Jarvis first to help him with that, and programmed him, Him, of course him, Jarvis wasn’t an It, to not let people understand the reach Tony had given him. Jarvis was an AI butler, no need for anybody to understand how big the I part was, no need for anybody to understand Jarvis had the reach to become the next Skynet.
“What’s this?”
Bruce had just met a Norse God, and Captain America, and played with an alien artefact in a flying helicarrier, helped stop an alien invasion, and no one of those things were as interesting as Tony-Poke-The-Hulk Stark.
“I already knew some stuff.”
“Yeah, but it’s supposed to be used by only one operator.”
“Look at that,” Tony said, and he projected the plans for a ship on a wall.
Tony liked to think it was a way for Howard to protect him, to be sure he wouldn’t end up in a lab, and not a way to be sure nobody would know how much smarter Tony was.
“Can I sit? I tire so easily this day.”
Tony shrugged.
“Did you hack my-“
“SI is deploying arc reactors all over the world as fast as we can. And we’re working on climate change and a lot of other problems that I really should have tackled long ago if I wasn’t the king of cowards, hiding away in my workshop-“
“Your brain is wonderful,” he said, “but it’s your heart I have my sight on. And I’m a man with the plan, I always win at the end and I always deliver good on my promises.”
“Sleep, Tony.”
And, really, to be a part of the first inter-galactic Earth-Asgard mission, it was better to go as a representing of all humanity, and not only one country.
Everybody knows Tony Stark speaks only three languages. It's in his wikipedia page, therefore it must be true.....
Bruce said nothing. Never.
“Because you aren’t arriving to the point, all of this better –“
Later, when she was busy with her reports, she thought long and hard about that. About lives saved and red on ledger and redemption.
Another moment of silence, as Stark looked at the pod again, then he turned to her more fully, his shoulders dropping.
“It better be exceptional food Stark,” he growled, putting back his weapon in his holster.
“That bad?” he asked, his eye on Stark’s face. The other man had finally turned and Nick didn’t like that he wasn’t joking, that he wasn’t smiling, didn’t like the dark circles under his eyes.
The protesters were still so numerous that it took all Coulson talent to organize and to stop different group from tearing each other apart.
“You’re an inventor, aren’t you? Then invent. When was the last time you could entirely devote yourself to that? You can’t do research right now, but I would guess you have enough knowledge in your head to design a few things without having to search for numbers before.”
He never found the answer, but in a life where he had buried too many friends, he was too happy for that to be anything else but a footnote.
“Put your hand there,” the doctor instructed Natasha, “There are no radiations, you don’t have to fear anything. Push the device against my skin, cupping my left breast. Like that, perfect. Done.”
“Doctor.” Natasha saluted. The other woman, not ashamed of her naked torso, was peering down across Tony’ shoulders at whatever he was working on.
Well, he had, but for old beings like the Asgardians, what happened between him and Loki could have been nothing much than a spat, soon forgotten…
"There were good men on both sides of that fight," Deiter couldn't resist speaking up. "The Major has always believed as I do, that all men are deserving of fair pay for their labor. Deserving to feed their families, to clothe thier children and send them to good schools. I may not agree with the methods the socialists employed, but we can all agree that a nation is only as strong as its people are strong. Good leaders remember that, and good leaders know the benefit of extending mercy to the adversary when it means lives can be spared."
“And why is that?” Tony asked with a grin and Sara glared furiously at her siblings as she clutched to him.
He knew all about the seven deadly sins. The Abbot always had taken too much delight out of forcing Tony to receipt the scriptures on them as part of his punishments, knowing that they’d be stuck in Tony’s memory whether he wanted them there or not.
Steve took that moment to step away and catch Stark’s attention, only to find that the monk was already watching him, waiting by the door as if he’d expected it. Steve narrowed his eyes, remembering his anger and his mission there. Right. Time to deal with Stark, once and for all.
“But Tony says we can work on that on our next model,” James chirped, Steve observing that he was turning the handle of a hand drill while Ian carefully held it and the nail in place, the pink of his tongue poking out the side of his mouth as he concentrated.
And without warning Steve’s mind went blank, orgasm crashing through him as he spilled into his hand. All he could do is let it wash over him.
“There will be some shifting of duties, which will mean longer hours for us all, but that is no excuse to let the house fall to shambles. Everyone will do their part or suffer the consequences. Anyone who wishes to stay at the house rather than continue their commute is encouraged to do so, and should let Frau Hogan know in a timely fashion so we can have the rooms cleaned, ” Herr Hammer added in addition.
Péter had gone silent at the mention of his father and Tony couldn’t blame him. Stef-Captain Rogers, Damn it!
“Gee, you’re right.” Ian’s brow furrowed deeply in consideration at Tony’s answer. “I guess this means you’re going to have to eat again at dinner time too.”
Tony’s knees shook, not with fear but with rage. The effort it took not to lash out and damn the consequences, took all his strength and left little room for anything else. One wrong move, and Tony was sure Stanislov’s man would have a nasty surprise waiting for him, and Obi would make good on his threats. He’d shove Tony in some private hell and do his damndest to force Tony to churn out designs and weapons. The reason he hadn’t already? That was the key.
The half-smile he’d been resisting slipped free. He wondered if it looked as sad as he felt.
he was? The prospect that she might not, that there might still be a chance to get out of this drove the air out of him so quickly it left him dizzy. He coughed violently into the dirt, fingers digging in the muck and mud. A handful was enough to blind her for a few precious moments.
“I – Of Course not.” He finally snapped, and Dvorak arched his eyebrows in question, crossing his arms.
Though she nodded at the group and continued on, Steve barley heard her, his eyes tracking the room once more for his children.
"Is this what we call a Section Leader?  If you were any kind of man Rogers you would not need others to defend you."
Tony carefully slid the sketches back inside the portfolio and replaced them inside the chest, removing the hair pin and shutting the drawer until it locked. The copy of the magazine that Frauline McCabe had sent him had arrived a few days ago.
“Alright. Alright. I’m sorry.” Bucky glanced around, lowering his voice before he continued. “Dr. Leshner, big time geneticist over in Germany before Hitler came to power. Guy‘s a Jew so eventually he’s out a job. But the Nazi’s want something from him. They take him and his entire family into custody and nobody hears a peep out of them for months. But a few weeks ago there’s a jail break. The wife catches a bullet but the kids get out. Leshner’sgot a friend in London who is willing to give them shelter but we’ve got to get them there first and they can’t travel in the open. That enough for you?”
“He’ll do it.” Bucky assured Coulson with confidence. This time the special agent was the one to raise his brows in question, his gaze passing between the captain and Bucky speculatively.
There was an aurora of darkness about him and a moodiness in the way that he slowly appraised them both that seemed to suck the heat from the room.  Wordlessly he tossed his coat over the back of an empty armchair and stood there, like a jail warden assessing a particularly rowdy group of inmates. He hadn’t so much as looked at Tony, but with the lazer eyed stare that he was giving the captain Tony didn’t need it in writing.
“Party?” Stefen’s frown deepened as he looked between Tony and Grig, who looked equally confused by Stefen’s confusion.
“We’re going to win.” Artur assured him with a jubilant nod.
This was directed at Péter and Natacha, who nodded in agreement (Natacha with far more eagerness than Péter and Tony was not the only one to notice). His eyes narrowing on Péter, Rogers laid a hand on the boy’s thin shoulders, spoke the child’s name quietly, prompting the adolescent boy to finally meet his gaze.
He ushered the boy inside and allowed the door to shut in the indignant butler’s face.
In the movie they used Leopoldskron Palace (pictured below) for the backdrop of the Von Trapp house and we've kept a similar aesthetic to the Rogers family home. We've isolated them a bit more, because Steve likes his peace and privacy lol. Past the city proper, over the hills, and tucked between the feet of the mountains there is a shining lake and a handsome little estate he likes to call home.
James was so excited to share his catch he nearly tripped as he reached Tony who was watching carefully over Maria and Sara, who were searching the tall grasses close to the water’s edge for wild flowers. But the girls were quickly distracted by their eagerness to see what their brother had caught and came rushing over along with the others, cheeks flushed with excitement.
Gloominess descended over the car once more. Natacha couldn’t decide whether she welcomed or hated the silence.
And when I dream the words are missing
“Yes, you did.” Péter barked, jarringly in the face of Steve's gentle tone. There were splotches of red forming on his cheeks. "Soldiers are too disciplined to run around making noise. Soldiers don't cry when they miss their mothers and they don't stay down when somebody bigger knocks them down. All you've ever taught us is how to be you."
Steve never did. He hated the cold but it never seemed to leave him either.
Steve’s hands tightened on his weapon. He nodded once more, grunting out a soft reply.
"When the devil himself could not have proved a more vexing employer. "
The days fell into a routine, which finally broke as the longest hardest December that Tony could remember neared its end and Christmas loomed. Pepper’s urging for Tony to start taking better care of himself had escalated, resulting in her and Stefen ganging up on him to guilt him into taking a few hours here or there to see to his own needs. The early days of Stefen’s recovery had required so much of his constant attention that everything including regular meals and sleep had fallen to the wayside. Even though Stefen was through the worst of it they still had to be vigilant. The experience had compromised his system in ways they might not even discover for years.
“Once a month. I will send the drafts by post. The messages will be coded so your staff should not become suspicious of their contents.”
He shoved the curtains aside and slid open the windows leaning out into the downpour just enough grasp the swinging shutters and pulled them closed. He did the same to the second window on the other side of the room, noting the poor condition of the lock. An easy fix with the right tools, but for now… Tony made do with a roll of twine fetched from his drawer. Shutters closed and the storm muted once more Tony returned to his task.
"What about Péter? We can't just go to Switzerland without him.”
“Tony, we have to.” Steve kept his voice gentle. Cajoling.
“Wrap that.” Tony said to the injured man who was holding his bleeding arm. “The rest of you grab what you can find. We need to slow the water coming in.”
Farkas sighed, wiping a tired hand over his face.
The boy mouthed something suspiciously like ‘what’ as in the background Hammer hummed like a kettle about to shriek.
He felt heat prickle up his neck and shifted again, clearing his throat.
“You alright, Stevie?” Bucky asked, louder.
That all the light is missing
Tony was beautiful in the throes of passion, and Steve had guessed right. When he was taken with pleasure, even that sharp mind of his slowed to a single focus. The fact that that focus was Steve only made it better, as that agile tongue of his littered curses and lifted Steve’s name up like it was an evening prayer.
“What does Karachonya mean?” James asked looking curiously between the two of them, licking his fingers free of dark jam. Stefen tilted his head in consideration before he replied.
- beginning to swell with tears. “Harry wouldn’t!”
In some ways, seeing their father again became just one more distant hope. It wasn’t yet a wistful daydream like a welcome home party for Sam, or the first thing they’d do when they were able to go home again, but with every passing day it slid closer and closer to being that; and even though Tony knew that was for the best, it made his heart ache deeply. He only ever indulged in the feeling of grief late at night when they were sleeping, while he stared into the fireplace and willed Stefen to hurry. If he was going to come it would have to be soon.
"That's it, that's all I've got." He muttered.
“I understood the risks well enough when I subscribed to the magazine Stefen. Nothing has changed.” She spoke with carefulness as she took the seat next to him on the worn couch. She primly smoothed the wrinkles of her apron before pinning him with a frank stare.
When little Sara had done her best approximation of a march back into line the captain produced another whistle from his jacket pocket and held his own to his lips again. “Now. When I want you, Herr Stark, you’ll hear-”
They weren’t. Not if Tony knew what was good for him. But that right
. Would the family never be free of it?
“Stark,” Stefen’s voice was rough but his eyes were warm with amusement. “It’s fine.”
of them. She hardly knew what they would do with themselves most the evening and did not fancy playing nursemaid when the younger ones undoubtedly got tired and cranky, and did not relish ending their evening together early to cater to children’s bedtimes.
As the talk dissolved into Lila Boehringer’s assets Steve felt his interest in the conversation slipping. Why couldn’t he be more like Bucky, and put the stress and the worry neatly away, meeting the world with a confidant smile that women would flock to and other men admire? Why weren’t a pretty young woman’s plump body parts enough to soothe away all of his worries? Even with Margrit he’d never been able to lose himself completely in the softness of someone elses flesh. His demons always seemed to follow him wherever he went.
Ian was as still as a statue, his face going red as he mumbled a reply.
“I believe the behavior that Herr Hammer is referring to is Antony’s insistence on taking the children on an excursion-” Steve’s neck turned so quickly to stare at Virginia it hurt.
Although it had been for Artur’s birthday it had really been a gift for them all. The children worked well together when given challenges and responded enthusiastically to the idea that with each new thing mastered, they were somehow that much older and that much more able to do for themselves. They still missed things from their old life, but being busy, and especially being outdoors, gave their new life a sense of adventure. They were already planning putting together a lap loom for Natacha’s birthday at the end of the month.
Lastly see the notes at the end for a little helpful translation and some background on Steve and Bucky.
She was up and flying out of bed a moment later, nearly tripping on her blankets as she went, bare feet slapping on the cold floor. She ignored the discomfort – something was wrong. Why were they shouting?
Fondly he ran his hands through the boy’s soft hair, allowing himself to think about his mother. He’d never sat Shiva for his parents or Yinsen. At the time their deaths had been too sudden, too horrific, for him to contemplate anything but drinking himself into numbness and by the time he’d sobered it had seemed too late. He’d been running from their memories ever since.
“They haven’t announced it yet, but Frauline Werner told me. She also said the Führer promises to be godfather to the tenth child born in every family. If I’m very diligent to my duty, maybe soon I’ll be able to say that my child is godchild of God’s chosen leader.”
“There’s no reason to leave tonight-”
“We need to rotate the guard.” Steve snapped in a tone he knew none of them would argue with, effectively closing the conversation. He’d had had enough. If he listened to any more of that he’d have to account for more than the death of the Führer.
"I can't imagine that you'd hurry. Goodbye James."
“It’s good to have you with us this morning. We were beginning to wonder if you were ever coming back.”
Tony was sorely tempted to slide back under the covers and ignore every bit of good sense he had that told him to get moving, but he knew better than to tempt fate any more than they already had.
Her eyes widened as Stefen brushed past her, forcing her to turn swiftly lest he knock her aside. The breath caught in Tony’s throat as Stefen strode up to the banner with purpose and wordlessly yanked the thing down with one purposeful violent tug.
"I'm working on it!" Bucky hollered back.
“But how can you be sure? The woman has no reason to lie. Let me see his medical file.”
"Go away? But I only just found you." He tutted, sitting down on his heels until he was eye level with them and his nose almost touched the toe of the shoe Artur held out like a sword. She hoped he didn't decide to hit Tony. It wasn't nice or fair. They just wanted him to stay. Maybe he would if they asked.
The doctor didn’t seem quelled, and Tony tasted one moment of genuine terror as the man opened his mouth to start yelling, when suddenly the room exploded with sound – a horrendous boom of sound pressing on his eardrums as the floor trembled and lurched beneath their feet, all of the lights flickering and diming at once as outside the windows one side of the Administrative building exploded outward in a brilliant plume of fire and smoke, pelting debris against the medical building.
Maybe he should just go. Pack a bag and slip out before the children could miss him and get on the first train toward Pola. They didn’t need him anymore. Not with a new mother on the way.
“But I’ve got lots of work to finish. I better get back to it before Herr Hammer catches me slacking.”
Across the table Tony lifted himself up to reach for the bowl of sliced apples and the soft sound of clinking drifted once more to Bucky’s ears.
“Eleven and determined to be every bit as strong as the fellow he watched carrying trees on his back during
The concern there was enough to warm Steve from head to toe and banish all the doubts from a moment before. Somehow, even after seeing for himself what Steve was capable of, Tony didn’t fear him.
been there’s for a time. He was going to miss it.
Dr. Fischer said nothing for a moment, his clear blue eyes hard and assessing Dvorak with the laser focus of a crow eyeing the last breaths of the injured. Finally, he turned his head to stare ahead and said, “I go where I’m told.”
"You don't ever wear your uniform to dinner.” Artur pointed out. “You go get ready too and come eat with us, vati. Please? Maria is starting to miss you. We can spend the whole day together."
Turning the knob and pushing into the little back bedroom he expected to find an empty room, or Péter there with no sign of his sister, the confirmation of his worst fears. Instead he found the peculiar sight of Natacha crouched beneath the window in a coat two sizes too big, wind chaffed and hair falling out of its plait. Péter loomed over her with his hands fisted in her coat like he was about to shake her. The window was open behind them, a muddy scuff on the sill telling tales along with the horrified expression that flashed over Péter’s face.
Tony wasn’t going to survive the Rogers family. He was certain of it now, but it was fruitless prayers he mumbled into the chilly night air rather than bitter curses as he followed the tracks Ian had left in the snow.
“I can.”
“Let’s hope your shot has improved Stark.” He’d grunted.
"The little chav I knew could do twice that with one foot in the grave."
Thankfully, Hogan didn't devote any more time to protest, and under a minute later they were peeling from the drive and out the gates as fast as the automobile would take them.
Maria shook her head vigorously, turning from Pepper to Tony.
“Ian!” The boy called out with a terrified tremor just before Tony had reached him and then he slipped under the water.
" the butler sneered. "They’ll have you shitting at the end of a rope by dawn I wager."
Stefen winced sympathetically.
“Thank you. I didn’t mean to offend.” Stefen replied stiffly. He clamped his mouth shut with a click and looked away out the window. Tony began to feel bad for finding it funny. He wavered for a moment on whether he should try and smooth things over. But something about the tense way the captain was holding himself decided Tony against it. He had the aura of someone carefully reining themselves in and Tony didn’t want to do anything to upset that balance.
That had always been a funny concept to him, especially when "everyone" had always excluded him and his people.
Artur grinned at him and swung Steve's arm back and forth like it was a skipping rope.
“On the contrary Major I expect it. When the rebels come, we will be ready for them.”
“Stanislov fired your grandfather before the dirt covered your mother’s grave. He told us to leave the city but I told your Nonno we could not leave. How would you find us? My poor bambino so alone, so alone with those devils.” She spat, the disgust toward Hughards ghost sharp and full of vitriol even now. “Where are you Antony? Are you warm? Are you eating?”
“Nonna, it's me Antony.”
For a man who had only three months ago not intended his sons to see the light of day, let alone learn to swim for fear they would break, Stefen seemed very unconcerned with the development.
“Could we make a boat?” he asked, and the gaze he directed at Tony was guarded but for once lacked any sort of anger or dare.
He turned to find Herr Hammer lowering the whistle and leering at him.
"Just look at the state of their clothes. Perfect rags," Tony clucked his tongue, eyes continuing to bore into Steve's with unconcealed judgment. "And they look as if they haven't eaten in days. Naturally we are going to take care of that."
He wanted Peter to stay.
~*~*~*~*~*~
Steve asked, and the man answered with an uneasy nod.
Last year Steve had given in to the pressure and Artur as well as his brothers had officially joined the program. He’d thought that a few hours after school would not change much, at least not quickly, but Artur had always been so keen to keep up with the older boys. He’d come home singing their anthems. While Steve was sure the songs were something they were all being taught the older children must have either guessed at his distaste for it or at the very least had a stronger sense of self-preservation than little Artur.
And then as usual, Bucky struck right for the heart.
The ring leaders first. Tony skittered to a stop in front of Natacha’s room, pausing to knock on the door. He waited for an answer and when none came twisted the knob and let the door swing open. The room was pristine except for the hair trinkets she'd left out and a few of her GMC magazines.
“They don’t like fire; Father will keep the fire up while we sleep. Won’t you Father?” Ian murmured, reaching to unfasten Artur’s suspenders at his father’s nod of agreement. Artur accepted the help far more gracefully than James would have and there was relatively little fuss altogether as the children began their preparations for bed.
“I’m the best for it, Cap and you know it.”
He said nothing as he followed Tony and the children to the canteen, and then the small officer’s cottage they were going to stay in until launch on the fifth. He said nothing as he changed into the unfamiliar uniform waiting laid out upon the bed and let the reality of his choice settle around his shoulders.
"If we go down this street up here," Péter instructed quietly, pointing to their left, "it shouldn't be patrolled for another fifteen minutes. But we need to be quick."
That was what Tony’s brilliance had bought them.
“The girls don’t like thunder and Frau Hogan has retired for the night,” Natacha offered by way of explanation as the blond cherub in her arms reached for Tony and he sighed.
"Christ you are! What is he too delicate or something? You afraid your fairy might have to take a bullet like the rest of-"
Carefully they made their way toward the residential side of the city. The focus that had wrapped itself around Steve steadying his heartbeat and numbing him to anything that wasn’t keeping them moving and taking down anything (or anyone) that got in their way.
Bucky had been perched by his window sill, his violin cocked at his throat as he played a familiar tune. A folk song, not unlike the sort the Uncles used to play. This one was about a tiny flower. They grew everywhere, and in the alps they grew so numerous they covered the hills like snow. They’d seen such sights during the war. Even amidst all that blood and death they’d been soft lovely little things…
“Funny that.” Bucky spat with a dark glower. “What’s the matter Stark, they not paying you enough at the intelligence office? Figured you’d play both ends?”
He admonished himself. One thing was clear. The most important job he had in this moment was not punishing Natacha but preparing her.  Tony must make sure the children had everything they needed to face whatever the future held for them, and Natacha had undressed wounds. Of
The door had crashed against the wall so hard the baroness had cried out in shock and the little girls had screamed. Charlotte had quickly rallied, pulling herself together enough to herd the children out of their father’s path as he tore frantically around the room talking to himself.
“Shall I still set a separate table for the staff in here Captain?” The cook asked, shooting a quick glance at Charlotte. Stefen grit his teeth.
, and the boy realized that the baby snake had grown into a fearsome dragon.”
Steve's mouth dropped open a little in confusion.
As Bakhuizen took the violin from her and once more began to fill the air with the sound of strings, not for the first time Tony wondered how a father alone was supposed to help a girl flower into womanhood and not feel completely out of his depth. He did not envy Stefen that task.
That's how Maria found him, sitting in a corner by himself shoulders slumped and his head resting in his hands. Wordlessly she crawled onto his lap and as he gathered her in his arms.
"My nephew. " Mueller explained, reading the question in Steve’s eyes. "My sister's son, but now I am proud to call him my own. "
“You say that like you think my teasing is the greater sin.” Tony said, and when Stefen just gave him a frank look Tony laughed, the sound ringing out bright and clear in the sunlit room and his chest full with it.
Ian was tugging earnestly on his sleeve he realized.
Tony wiped away what he’d not been able to swallow, watching with a smug expression as Stefen leaned against the door fighting for breath. If it had been Tony’s intention to completely shatter his world, then mission successful. Stefen looked as if he might faint.
All of the promotional photos published of the man after the Great War had been serious, elegant, things. Designed to inspire, and soldiers certainly didn't smile for press photos, so maybe with how he’d been held up in front of the public eye smiles had just stopped coming naturally to him.
“We’ve not executed or maimed any of the priests serving sentences here. Not since the orders came down.” The warden insisted, frustration lacing his tone.
"It's not up for debate Chavo." Tony felt a brief flash of gratefulness when Bucky backed him up. Péter however wasn't having it.
It had to be Stefen. All of the pieces were there, but Bucky could not figure out why he would have left with the woman. He was probably still weak, not well enough to travel long distances on foot, but Steve wouldn’t have forced her to escort him somewhere. The damn fool would most likely have set out on his own and passed out not five feet from the farm. But the timing of her disappearance was too close to mean anything but that she’d taken Steve somewhere. But where? Bucky couldn’t very well ask her from prison. If she was even still alive at this point.
"Say that again and I'll put you on your back!"
Tony watched nervously as James sloshed through the water and it wasn’t long before he was neck deep and struggling like a puppy. A drowning one.
“How is he?” Péter asked and Tony glanced back at Ian who was murmuring quiet encouragement for James to breath in and out before answering in a lowered voice, “It could be the asthma; he was diagnosed as a child but the tea seemed to be helping. Which indicates the cause is viral. But it could mean anything from bronchitis to diphtheria really.”
“Tony?” Maria questioned, her brown eyes going wide with worry as the feeling of tension in the room sank in. “Did we do something wrong?”
Below you'll find Nonnberg Abbey: A benedictine monastery in Salzburg. Made famous by one Maria Von Trapp.
"Yes, your
There was no actor in the world who could have come off as earnest as Captain Rogers in that moment, preemptively grieving the millions of people who were going to lose their lives thanks to Tony’s cold calculations and shrewdness.
"I just got off the phone with Jann, she's heard from Susann." Bucky announced as soon as they were cloistered in the privacy of Steve's room and Steve's breath hitched.
“You next. Don’t worry-” Steve began, but Ian narrowed his eyes and shook his head.
They were going to do this apparently.
"Do you actually believe in God?" Tony scoffed. "I've always wondered. Surely you of all people Nik know better than to believe that some divinity means to get in the way of how well we destroy one another?"
Charlotte had been allowing Captain Rogers to court her for just under a year and a half. It was a considerable amount of time, too lengthy to be fashionable in some circles of thought. After all, no woman liked to think of herself as an afterthought or a ‘last resort’ but Charlotte never let such things bother her.
Bucky blinked at him, trying to calm the rushing in his ears. When had Steve come in? He needed to relax, he scolded himself. Breathe in. Breathe out. The last thing the kids needed was another adult losing it on them. Bucky eyed Steve warily as the children shifted uneasily in their chairs, hyper aware of Steve as he doggedly went through the motions of putting food on his plate. Bucky had to suppress a flicker of irritation as he watched. He'd bet his violin Steve wouldn't touch any of that food.
It didn’t feel right. There was some lovesick, anxious, little voice in the back of his mind that urged him to find Stefen that very moment and admit all. Tony staunchly buried it.
He hugged her too him and she laid her head on his shoulder, hugging him back.
“Eat your roll, Ian” Tony admonished and Ian’s hand halted halfway to James plate, while the younger boy’s glare intensified.
“It’s better you don’t know.” he replied, not having the energy or the will to lie in that moment. The last thing any of them needed was more lies. Péter’s eyes narrowed, his jaw working mulishly and Tony sighed inwardly. “Before you argue with me Pete, can we just get one thing out of the way? Your father is not always right about everything, but he’s right about not involving you in things that could endanger your life.”
, the purest thing this world had to offer. Bucky was proud of them but found himself constantly torn between the desire to show them off (show these cotton headed gadje what it was to truly be rich) and to yank them back; to be tucked into his pocket where somebody would have to go through Bucky if they wanted to get to them.
When Bucky pulled the car into the garage Herr Hogan was waiting to close the doors behind them and lock up for the night, but uncle Bucky to her surprise offered to do it instead and waved the man off to his bed. Natacha thought to dip into the kitchen for a late snack, finding herself hungry after so much deep thought. Goodness she was beginning to sound like Artur she thought with the smallest bit of amusement at herself.
"Somehow I doubt God has so strong an opinion on the subject."
“Captain Rogers. How good to see you again.” Frauline Van Dyne greeted him fondly, presenting her hand and Stefen kissed it clinically but there was a certain fondness in his expression as he greeted her and turned to introduce his party.
Fury wasn’t there to see how, the first evening of Coulson in the Tower, he took the lift down to the workshop, dressed down to make sure Tony understood it wasn’t an official visit, jeans and swearer knitted by his mother, and just a paper bag under his arm, and the workshop opened for him.
“Stark!”
Thank God, or whoever was or wasn’t listening, that Obbie never knew.
“What?!”
“Ok, let’s talk about Jarvis,” Stark said finally.
And when the fires were put out, everybody was too happy they had stopped the world from burning for another day to really question it.
“One of them better be for me,” Maria said.
And for the first time, Steve saw a rare occurrence: Tony Stark out of words. He carried on, before Tony’s brain could rally and imagine how it was a joke, or a bad idea, or whatever Tony would imagine to deny the tension between them, that Steve, like almost everyone, wanted something of him. He caressed a cheek full of stubble.
“Oh.” And he sounded so surprised to be believed…
“Not all of them, only a good chunk of them. And in three months only, before I was busy with New York’s reconstruction and making sure I had every little bits of Hydra probably tagged.  And don’t make that face, those are good news. Now, we can root out Hydra. I have a plan, and contacts. We can strike everywhere on the globe at the moment, scoop out every bad guy in the same strike, to be sure no part of the tentacles escape to grow again. I wanted to do you the courtesy of telling you myself, as Shield’s cancer is in the worst state of all of them. But the plan is ready, every packet of intel for my contacts too. How’s next week for you to save the world?”
“Close the door,” he finally said, “I suppose you have signed the usual NDA about the research and innovations you could come across? You better have, or whoever handle our recruitments will hear from me.”
know?”
Bruce was feeling quite protective of his science bro, to use Tony’s words.
Tony Stark and Coulson were very much not what he would have bet on for the occupants. Stark looked furious and Phil looked exhausted, something that wasn’t surprising for a man locked in a car with Tony-silent-is-for-the-weak-Stark.
Where, when, and why had Tony Stark learned enough about oncology for that, discreetly enough that Shield themselves didn’t learn it, that, she didn’t succeed to learn.
“I wasn’t sure you remembered,” the Avenger admitted.
“Is it so unsafe?”
“Where did you find the time, with Iron Man and everything about your company? When did you have the time to research all of that?”
“Stark! Do you have any idea how many laws-“
“I’m a hyperpolyglot,” he admitted, giddy with it, like he was thirteen years old and being found cool by the cheerleader he liked.
Tony had then opened his workshop for him and Thor had seen marvels of technologies he had sincerely thought humanities a few centuries far away. He hadn’t always been the most technology-oriented pupils for his teachers, but he still knew enough to understand how ahead of his time his teammate was.
“Come met Laura,” he said to distract the genius.
It was easier now. With Jarvis’s help, he could reach so much more to find the intellectual stimulation he craved so much. He didn’t need so much the booze and the sex and the party to try to numb his brain, his insatiable brain, and to forget how fucking lonely all of that was, even if he never really stopped those things, to best cover his tracks, just slowed them down.
“No, not exactly. But you, Earth, you’re not without allies, Anthony.”
“What?”
“We can do better,” Stark said; “It should be totally painless. Honestly, if men had their balls submitted to the same treatment, you can be sure something would already have been invented. What sort of Middle-Age-“
“I wasn’t-“
“How much do you think people will trust that sort of medical device, specialized in breasts if I am the one designing it?” and he wasn’t wrong about that.
Unfortunately, Herr Grimm had not exaggerated the disrepair the building had fallen into since its Jewish residents had been evicted but it had the connivance of being a street block away from the square, with a partial view of the newly renovated chancellery building.
Stefen grasped Tony's arm as it wrapped around his chest again.
The warnings for Steve, PTSD, and unintended Dub-Con still apply.
“You thought because I blew up a building and killed a bunch of Nazis, that I’d be thrilled to let you come in here and risk all our lives?” Tony snarled, not bothering to deny or question how Coulson knew. He took a menacing step forward and Stefen’s hand shot out to grip his arm, halting him in his tracks.
“Heil Hitler!”
“We’re the same you see, because I need to save my people. The Jews.”  Stefen dropped the hand reaching for Tony, the blood drained from his face but Tony took another step backward. He’d hid the secret for so long that he found it laughably easy to keep going once the words had left his tongue. They were a shuddering breath crisp in his lungs after being held under water. Dizzying.
“Three hundred and twenty two,” he offered confidently enough after a moment of deliberation but his face fell into a deep frown as Tony shook his head, tsking at him.
He hardly stopped to throw out a reply before he shut his door with a click.
The quiet question from the thin mousey haired monk took Tony by surprise. He stilled, a bite of cheese halfway to his lips, before he had enough wits to shrug an answer.
"Isn't that just stating a fact?" He asked after he was able to school his expression.
Tony thought, pushing down the urge to snap in reply. He he had a right to be cross, Stefen was being unreasonably rigid, but the stakes were too high to let his temper get the best of him. The children were depending on them to make the best choice, and the more Tony tried to beat sense into Stefen, the more he would just dig his heels in. Ruefully Tony thought back to his conversation with Natacha. Well, if blunt force wasn’t working then perhaps it was time to change tactics.
And she was wrong about Stefen, wrong about the children. Wasn’t she? Or was he just like her, hanging onto his hopes waiting on some miraculous sign that would vindicate his faith and show him all would be well?
It was a moment before the Captain's voice returned with a crackle of interference and a pop before his gruff voice could be heard barking, "what is it?"
A cheer rose up as the bell dinged loudly and a smattering of applause broke out among the bystanders who had paused to watch when he struck it once more for good measure.
It was one of the many things about the goings on in the Rogers household that sparked lingering questions in Tony’s mind, but until Bruce wrote back they were questions that would go unanswered
With a slow release of breath and a flick of his wrist he tossed his cigarette aside and Steve watched as it landed on the stair and Bucky smothered the glowing end with the toe of his boot.
"Don't I?" Bucky asked, his eyes dipping down to the place where she kept the knife he'd given her. Natacha’s eyes widening in surprise. She didn't know how he could know it was there, hidden under her blouse and taped tightly against her side. She'd positioned it just right, so that if she had to touch or hug anyone, they wouldn't feel it under her clothes.
A ridiculous question. If this is what passes for journalism it’s no wonder the whole country has gone to the dogs.
An understatement. Péter's scores were outstanding. He’d always known Péter was smart, intelligent in a way that Steve just wasn't, but looking at his schoolwork, at his aptitude for chemistry, biology, and the other sciences, Steve finally began to understand what Tony meant when he called Péter gifted. Of course Steve was proud, but his pride didn’t make him any less terrified for the future.
He felt the first bullet tear through his shoulder but he kept his eye on his target, managing to stay upright and dodge behind the thick trunk of a tree as the door to Schmidt’s vehicle flew open. The general stumbled out, a pistol in one hand firing at the tree Dvorak hid behind, using the armored door of the car for his own cover.
Steve barely noticed. A dull roaring had begun in his ears.
"Brother Banner, I really must insist we conclude our business. The place is in the middle of a revolt." Tony urged him quietly.
Artur frowned at him.
~*~*~*~
He snorted loudly in irritation and unfolded the newspaper he'd bought outside the headquarters, scanning the headlines for any more news about the rebel strikes in Czechoslovakia. It was pathetic really how quickly they'd handed over their land, like frightened children. But apparently there were a few men still left in what passed for civilization over there. Brave stupid men, who defied the rightful rule of the Germans and attacked their camps and administrative offices like rats scurrying out of holes at night.  Dvorak shook his head, scoffing under his breath. If the Czech rats thought the German army was going to take that lying down they had another thing coming. The wolf was awake and prowling.
"I'm fine," Steve managed, pulling away despite that soft, fragile little
Stark blinked a few times. "You don't have to do that, you know. You realize that I could literally buy a whole mug factory if I wanted to? Seriously, Cap, don't worry about it."
, playing music and dancing into all hours of the night.
“They would be some of these sematic barbarians that you’ve described, and yet we can all recall the Cimbrian war and its aftermath. Come, I’m eager to hear it from an expert. How is it that these inferior people were able to conquer their rightful masters?”
He wasn't sure how long they floated because the sun could have risen and set without him noticing.
“My God, are you alright Miss?” the young man gaped, pushing past Tony as the trio hurried down the stairs to reach her twisted groaning form.
Péter was tempted to yank his hand away just to check but that would only draw attention to it if there was. He forced himself to hold still, as if nothing at all could possibly be wrong.
“Doing exactly what you taught him to do.” Tony interrupted with a growl, slapping Steve’s hand away from his chest. “He’s your son! Trying to prove he’s like
is the symbol of their purity and their place among the famila. To lay with a man without one is considered unclean, which means exile and death. When my mother fell in love with my father and had me, she committed a capital offense… she was exiled, and worse her lover could not give her
“Tell him to be quick about it this time. How is anyone supposed to work with that horrible stench?” Muttering under his breath Pavlok closed the door behind him and sighed, gesturing for Tony to take a seat opposite his cluttered desk with the hand holding his spectacles. “Silly chit. Can’t fire her I’m afraid. Her mother is a cousin. And truth be told, she has a strong head for figures.”
Unbidden, the memory of the pressure of Stefen’s mouth against his returned, along with heat and taste, and Tony clenched his hands together tightly, swallowing to moisten a suddenly dry mouth. Yes yes, he knew what he would like to do, but he was unsure how to broach the subject with the captain. They’d not spoken of the kiss they’d shared since it had occurred, neither of them able to find another free moment alone and perhaps unwilling to be the first to tempt fate after hours.
“He’s fine!” Bakhuizen snarled and Tony winced.
Bucky might have felt something more than the vague urge to be sick witnessing Stefen teaching his children Romany words for the first time he could recall, but considering every word spoken made his head pound, resisting the urge to hurl was the best he could do. There was no point in telling them to be quiet either, Christmas morning had the children all flush faced and rambunctious, loudly chattering over the clink and clank of dishware as they ate.
“Careful with that! It’s loaded.” Bucky hissed.
“The Mangfall alps?”
Peter, Natacha, Ian, James, Artur, Maria, Sara. Bucky. Tony.
Péter cast Anamarie what he hoped was a suitably besotted smile and his stomach lurched when her mouth curved into a grin and she rested her head against his shoulder, her soft brown hair tickling his neck. He didn’t miss the way the officer's eyes widened at the mention of his father's name and the shocked way his eyes flicked back to Péter's identification with realization. Emboldened Péter arched an eyebrow and asked with a touch of haughtiness.
Tony closed his eyes and hugged her a little tighter.
“Stefen…”
“If you want Ian to pay more attention to you then you had best start by swallowing that pride and apologizing to him like you mean it.” Tony chucked him gently beneath the chin and smiled down at him to signal that the lecture was over and as far as he was concerned, all was forgiven. “But before that, I’d devote some time to figuring out how to put your pants on.”
"Well,” Tony hummed thoughtfully, eyes fluttering open. It took everything Steve had not to kiss him again.
“And I suppose you need me to make arrangements for you, then?”
He took a sip.
Peggy had possessed such a way about her. A way of making him feel safe even when he was feeble, groaning and sweating in the dark, a way of easing the shame and making him forget what a burden he'd become.
“Yes. I’ll get you a coat. Tomorrow I can take you to the station.”
“What road are they taking?” Bucky demanded again, his own voice cool and controlled as he pointed his gun at Dvorak’s heaving chest.
It was late, the fire in the fireplace little more than embers now, and the family abed. Tony poked the embers with one of the iron tools that rested beside the wood pile and tried not to scowl, though he didn’t bother trying to bleach his tone of the irritation he felt. Once again Stefen needed to hear something he did not wish to, and Tony was the only one there to deliver the message.
“Mean what?” Steve asked distractedly, not even looking up, as he flipped through the file in his hands.
“You’re too modest Herr Stark.” Charlotte, who was standing on the captains left, murmured as she lifted her drink to her mouth and sipped it delicately. Tony might have thought he imagined the veiled bite to her tone, except he caught the way Steve stiffened out of the corner of his eye.
“Over here!” He called out, but the vehicle didn't even pause as it creeped by. Steve curled his lip and swore turning back to the injured child and the man fingers searching quickly over their bodies to catalog wounds.
It was a good story Ian thought. Farmers didn’t make a lot of money and it had to be hard just starting out didn’t it? For good measure he turned to Karlina, trying to look as pitiful as possible as he added, “mother’s awful worried because the cough won’t let up and there’s no way to ring for a doctor.”
“I want to sleep with you Tony!” Artur insisted clutching onto Tony’s leg, and Sara didn’t need words to make her views known, because as soon as the word bed had come up she’d latched onto the other one like a limpet and had yet to let go.
If Stefen had held any grand plans for how they’d spend the following day, free from any and all obligations, they seemed to have been cast out the window in favor of sleeping the morning away in Tony’s bed. They got a minor fright in the morning when the girl had come with breakfast, jerking them from their sleep. But thankfully the maids knew better than to enter without being bid entry.
It was impossible to see underneath the man's coal black uniform and crisp white shirt but Steve knew that if removed, it would reveal the long puckered scar that wrapped around Kurt’s body from navel to shoulder blade. A gruesome parting gift courtesy of the shoddy engineering of a mountain gun. Kurt hadn’t been the only soldier to kiss death that way.
“We'll learn what Germany wants, of course. Can’t shirk the curriculum can we? But if so many hours of the day have to be focused on lessons I see no reason they can’t learn what they want too. Electives, children are allowed some electives aren’t they?”
It was strange to feel so happy in the middle of so much misfortune but he couldn’t seem to help that feeling any more he could his distaste for the Baroness.
"I’m telling you the time to strike is now while he’s down. You'll regret it if you don’t, mark me. Stalking through the house all hours of the day and night armed to the teeth! He's not the type to go quietly. You know what I say-"
“Stefen. We need to talk.”
“They took my girls.” The confession came raw and bleating, like something that would come from the throat of an animal rather than a man and Bucky cringed. Dvorak’s shuddered breath was loud and jagged like broken glass in the room. He choked on a sob, tears leaking out the corner of squinted hate-filled eyes as he lifted a shaking hand to clutch at the arm Bucky held the gun with desperate clasping fingers.
“Hasn’t anyone ever warned you about sour faces?” an upside down face appeared in Bucky’s vision as James snickered at him. The boy was stretched up on the tip of his toes leaning over the arm of the lounge chair that Bucky was laying on so that their noses were almost brushing.
They’d had to grow up, because everybody did. He was a man now and Natacha a young woman. But sitting with her, hearing her laugh, Péter could not help but think that maybe Herr Stark had been right. There were enough terrible things in the world. Why must they forget how to laugh? Natacha should dance again. Maybe they all should.
Ian frowned, Tony made it sound like it was a bad thing.
Sam grinned at him.
“No. I didn’t.” Steve refuted with a grunt of his own. He appreciated Bucky’s solidarity but it was obvious to them both wasn’t it?
~*~*~*~
The baroness was exiting the empty ladies' room opposite, her face bloodless and her eyes wide with fright - and Deiter knew without doubt that somehow, someway, the children had been taken right out from under their noses. His mind flashed immediately to the man in the cap, and far too late he remembered where he'd seen his face before this.
The door was closed, no one was in the room Steve scolded himself. He covered his face with his hand, a small whimper escaping him.
Good lord. Tony snorted quietly under his breath as he rooted around in his bags for his spare set of clothes.
Edelweiss, edelweiss
It was intermingled with Natacha’s fight to plait her hair. Tony had seen her storming back upstairs after James teased her at supper. She'd spent the next half hour tackling her hair into submission. He'd been surprised there was any hair left on her head after seeing the hair brush she'd left discarded in her room so, of course, There were at least four paragraphs detailing the submission of Natacha locks with an estimate of hair depletion as well as estimates for her next round with brush and comb.
That revelation was enough for Steve to pull his eyes away from the curious old woman and shoot Tony a look and the monk just smiled winsomely back. Susann’s eyes looked Tony up and down with amusement. There was a clever gleam in her blue eyes as she murmured, “A monk. I suppose it
“Yes, of course, there are pupils who show promise; but it must be remembered that they’re the product of German blood as well as Zigeuner. They can be thankful for that.” Dr. Ehrhandt's voice reached him once more and he turned his head slightly to see her sharing a piteous look with her colleague as she sighed. “But it is horribly unfair to them, that they should have some of our skills and none of our mental fortitude.”
Once he’d decided on his course, there was only to figure out how to do it and not get caught. Oh, Stefen would know eventually as Tony had no intention whatsoever of hiding it from him. On the contrary, he hoped that when Stefen realized how far he would go that the captain would finally understand that Tony had no intentions of sitting on the sidelines, and was not a bad choice of partner to have at ones side.
"It won't take us long to get there."  Bucky broke the stiff silence after ten minutes or so, when the city finally gave way to hills and country roads. " You remember the plan?"
~*~*~*~
Perhaps he had noticed the way Stefen reacted to his name, because he added, “I believe you may have been communicating with my brother Sherrinford.”  When he received nothing but blank stares in return Holmes sighed, his mouth puckering as if he found the words distasteful as he said, “Or you might better know him as Will. He prefers to go by a derivative of his middle name. It makes him feel
“What if I told you we want your help taking down the Nazis?” Coulson, switching abruptly to polish, sat up straighter and leaned closer. His voice was too soft and even for the suddenly dire nature of the conversation but given its subject matter Steve understood why he would take careful pains for it not to carry.
“So you are.” Stefen answered and the rough rasp sent a shiver up Tony’s spine but he couldn’t formulate any sort of reply, not drowning as he was in the hunger burning in the bright blue of Stefen’s eyes like flame, and then without any sort of provocation Stefen surged forward, pulling Tony to him by that firm hand on his waist and crushed their mouths together.
What he held in his hands was personal security.  Just in case.
Khalmmer wasn’t withdrawing and all Steve could think was that he hated the cold.
The curves of Ian’s boyish face technically favored his mother, and normally Tony lived by the numbers, but watching him now – that soft trusting look in the blue of his eyes, the way they roamed over his father’s face as if he was memorizing every last inch the same way Tony was, before shutting them, his spiky eyelashes fanning out over his cheeks – Tony could not deny the true resemblance. Ian was his father’s son. For better and for worse.
“Tony?” Artur mewled, lifting one hand to reach for Stark as he stepped closer, and at the gesture the tension melted off the man’s face as he gripped Artur’s letting hand and rubbed it tenderly.
The door swished open once more as a pair of loudly laughing men entered (well one of the pair was laughing, the other one just looked surely and put upon). The sound of the happy ones voice carried over the crowd. Bucky was relieved to see that one of them was the man he was waiting to see, though he was surprised to see he’d brought someone. He waved for the man’s attention and when Kirk nodded in acknowledgment he turned back to Hedwig.
Bakhuizen pulled out his violin, plucking at it for a few moments before beginning a humming lilting tune, his eyes shut and fingers flying. He really was very good Tony thought distractedly. Able to paint words with his bow, it was no wonder he was in high demand as a musician and producer. The music curled around them easing Tony into a state of ease he'd not felt in months.
His hand shook and Bruce's hand came to lay over it.
"Those aren’t in the book because they are waiting for me to discover.” Artur pointed out in a long suffering way. “But I probably won’t find all of them right away, cause they’re all over the world. It might take me all year. Right Tony?"
“She already prepared a tray of soup for the Klein boys.” Virginia clucked. “Natacha was down here earlier, says the poor lambs have been sick. It’s all this terrible stress.”
Banner sighed, exasperated for Bruce need not fully understand what was behind Tony’s mirth to know an innuendo when heard one. Tony chuckled harder and went back to peeling potatoes.
“Horrible morning for a drive.” Philips replied, his breath pluming out in front of him. “A body could freeze out here.”
“James!” Tony barked. The boy turned a sour look towards him but thankfully quieted so that Tony could begin giving his instructions.
“What do you dream about?” Tony asked, the fingers of his hand running gently over the slope of a protruding pelvic bone. Stefen froze, his breathing held tight as he decided whether or not to answer the unexpected question. Tony waited patiently (or as patiently as he was capable anyway) for him to speak.
“My place is with my men.” Steve broke in, his anger just beginning to gain traction from his shock.
Steve undressed methodically and lay down in his bed like a man being put to coffin.
“I think there’s a few years before we have to worry about that.”
Hammer swallowed backing away from the man with a fearful step and Lt. Stevens turned away.  He nodded briefly to Tony and the others before he followed after his comrade not looking back.
"Pardon?"
"You sure Captain Adventure can handle that kind of heat?" Bucky asked quietly and Steve looked up from his sketch, where he'd been filling in the brown of Captain Adventure's eyes, attempting to capture the right sense of warmth and intelligence.
!  If he couldn’t open this door, if he couldn't get inside-  The door gave way suddenly and Steve spilled inside, just barely missing a blow to his head as something swung at him. He dodged, scrabbling to the side with a gasp. The second blow came just as fast, but Steve caught it this time. It was metal piping, twisted and mean looking from where it had been torn from the wall, and on the other end of it a terrified looking man with dark hair and death in his eyes.
“Stefen. Stefen, it’s not her.” Tony said and Steve turned his head fast with a snarl to look again – because Tony was
When Steve had repeated the story he and Virginia had come up with, about the children being ill and needing to be taught at home, Schmidt had clucked his tongue in a show of sympathy.
What were Cameron and Daniel doing up at this hour? Perhaps they couldn’t sleep and had come for something to drink – but no, Péter immediately tossed the thought aside. Natacha would not have woken him up for that.
By the time they got upstairs and settled around a hot drink in the kitchen he was feeling steadier. Enough to think that it was a good thing that Maria had decided to make something to warm Tony after god knows how long he’d spent in that cellar.
Tony knew he did, but he also knew that sometimes everybody needed a reminder.
It wasn’t just the Klein’s after all. The radio said that all the Jewish immigrants, young and old, had been taken from their homes for deportation. It didn’t matter how long they’d been in Austria or Germany, or what previous documents they’d obtained to legalize their stay. All those on the list were rounded up and told they had to go. No time to pack. No time to say goodbyes.
“Don’t even think it!” Tony cut him off with a snap. “Take it at a run. You’ll fit.”
No, Steve couldn’t do that. He pushed on, his head too heavy to lift, it was everything he could do to just keep lifting his feet. He needed... he needed....
Because Bucky was going to kill the bastard if he didn’t.
Well the desk was the most obvious place to begin, Tony thought. He was thankful he did not meet more locks as he rifled through its drawers, discovering mostly log books tallying household expenses, staff salaries, and various literature from the children’s doctor and their previous governess.  In the bottom drawer there was paper, boxes of pencils and charcoals, as well as a few old gentlemen’s magazines proclaiming that a man’s cigar could tell you what kind of partner he’d make in business, which Tony snorted at and ignored much the same as he imagined Stefen did as the useless things had charcoal smudges all over their covers. He did give pause at the small worn leather book nestled between a block of canvas and the drawers edge, it’s place in the drawer and not on the shelf somehow granting it the importance the magazines so clearly lacked.
The captain had been a source of contention the past few days with all of them. Even Pepper seemed on edge at the mention of the children’s father.
“Might be.” He grunted after a long moment.
“I knew your Da wasn’t in his head.  I shoulda stayed, but we’d made a promise to a good friend and I – I put, the mission before my family. We all did. Tony, your dad and I, we’re the ones who should be ashamed. Not you.”
“Her meeting with Frauline Werner is the day after. Perhaps we should postpone – ”
Steve was unusually quiet even for Steve as they ventured into town. There was a storm in his head again, and he carried a tension with him as he walked that was at odds with the beautiful crisp October day.  Even when they got to Lou’s repair shop and got a good look at Péter’s gift – an old camera that had belonged to Peggy that had been growing dust in the attic – he didn’t seem quite there to Bucky, his thoughts miles away and some demon dogging his tail.
He was trying. But the room was spinning again. His arms folded beneath him like toothpicks.
That little matter settled (or not settled at all depending on your view) Bakhuizen called for a pair of cabs so that by the time the large family spilled out of the elevators (and Tony dragged James and Péter away from the attendant whom they were pestering with questions – a bright fellow who as it turned out was studying at the university when not working at the hotel, and whom Tony would really have liked to spend more time except Stefen had misplaced his priorities and insisted they couldn’t be late. As if his sweetheart was going to start without them) and finally made it out the front doors, they were right on schedule for a timely lunch with Baroness Schrader.
. No one knew how long the war would rage or how far it would reach, but for damn sure it would reach British shores. Stefen had to know that, but he was too focused on the choice he’d already made. Tony couldn’t let that go unchallenged.
“Mon Ami!” He exclaimed, scrambling so fast over the comforter he nearly slipped and toppled off the bed.
"Hang on Ian, It's your birthday!" Péter announced, sounding as surprised by that fact as Ian looked, and Ian's cheeks flushed with something other than exertion. The younger boy shrugged mumbling, “Maria’s was last month. Everyone forgot.” Tony’s lips tightened into a scowl.
“They picked a woman for that?” Stefen asked, gruff with insult on D’Anvers behalf. Tony understood Stefen well enough to guess that his ire stemmed from the lack of care it seemed to show selecting a female for covert operations behind enemy lines, and not any perceived lack of competency, but he’d be lying if he said it wasn’t amusing watching D’Anvers dress him down.
So, with the girls tidily distracted learning valuable life skills, and Pepper and Hammer occupied by the weekly delivery of from town, Tony made his way to Stefen's study his little silver key practically burning a hole in his pocket.
Tony was saved from having to come up with any sort of reply when Artur, dragging Maria behind him, approached the captain and tugged on his jacket to get his attention.
Hi! We hope that you are staying safe and healthy wherever you are in the world, and we apologize for the LONG wait. For anyone still hanging in for an update after six months, we hope this nice FAT two part chapter will fill you up and brighten the days ahead. Although, we have to warn you that there is some pretty heavy material ahead. As you can imagine, escaping on foot across mountain terrain with small children isn't a lark. So buckle in, the  Rogers have a capital JOURNEY ahead. Warnings for the usual period typical phobias as well as child endangerment, starvation, whiffs of child marriage and non-con, fictionalized depictions of PTSD and its varied symptoms, and flashbacks to torture.
Zimmerman shrugged his shoulders and went back to his cards, his expression slowly morphing into irritation as he focused once more on his hand.  Steve wondered if Tony was any good at cards and then tried not to snort. It didn’t matter if Tony was any good at cards, Steve was sure he’d count them anyway.
"My condolences.” Steve murmured, but Mueller just barked a laugh as if he’d said something funny.
Péter made it out of the dining room and out through the kitchen door without much notice – minus a wink from Sam the gardener as he scurried past him and the chatting cook- and breathed a sigh of relief once he’d slipped out into the muggy night air. Though wind from the lake brought cooler temperatures, and the onset of burgeoning clouds, the summer night was warm as Péter hurried through the gardens toward the spot by the lake where he knew Harry would be waiting.
“I think I’d like that, Captain.”
The church was open to the public for prayer and confession during the daylight hours. A few minutes after they had arrived an attendant had come by to ask if any of them needed to see a priest. Tony had answered for all of them in his smooth, well-practiced French and the man had left them to their solitude without a second thought.  If he had any questions about the family who had arrived early and stayed past lunch hour, he did not come back and ask them. None of the others who came to pray or give confession seemed to pay them any mind either, too wrapped up in their individual worries.
“You’re not making sense Stefen-Just stop and think!” She heard Charlotte insist as she cracked open her bedroom door to find the pair of them stood in front of Father’s bedroom.
As the minutes crawled by he mulled over what he was going to say when Charlotte finally arrived. It had to be right and he would have to use his best German.
Charlotte left Frau Hogan attending Stefen and headed for the sitting room, her steps brisk despite the ache of exhaustion in her bones.
The show ended with a punch as the little family of goats collapsed on the stage and Tony and the children came out to take their bows. Bucky stood with Steve and Charlotte to clap for them, grinning when his little shadow made a beeline for him. James practically collided with him in his eagerness to ask how they had done, and did Bucky see the puppets because he had helped design them all.
“Ah but you don’t deny that he is yours?”
“Why? Because I’m a
Streifendenst - Hitler Youth patrol force.
force me to build for you.”
Magnetism, Steve decided. The man was magnetic.
"You are in Austria now, Agent!" The captain snapped back. "You’d like my men to arrest a man who fought beside them in the trenches, but was it you who stood up for them when the monarchy crumbled? Was it
Steve looked down into the large steaming cup and frowned. It made sense that Kurt would bring him his old favorite, but the smell of whipped cream and espresso curdled his stomach.
"Vati. Will you help me look?” Artur pleaded, stepping in front of Steve when he tried to move again. Steve stumbled and bit back a curse.
She waved at Natacha and Steve slowed, gritting his teeth, scrutinizing the stranger in their midst carefully while he weighed his options. It was just a child but that didn’t mean she could be trusted. Who was she? Steve wondered. Who were her parents? What had Natacha told her?
? Steve hurled himself over the girl. When he looked back up a man, boy really, had run up and was grabbing the girls shoulder.
He thought about the boy Tony used to be, the one who’d cried alone fearing his feelings would condemn his only friend in the world. The one who’d stored all his big dreams in a journal, but who’d been told time and time again that he didn’t measure up. The one whose father had locked him behind great stone walls in order to save his life, and for whom two decades had passed by before he was free to dream again.
Had he been?
“It wouldn’t have been proper James.” Natacha answered promptly with an edge of rebuke that effectively silenced her younger brother. She sniffed, as if she’d caught a bad smell before muttering that she couldn’t imagine what the other girls would think if they learned their family was playing host to traveling performers.
“That was Peggy’s, my wife. That was my wife's pistol.”
“Burn that, soon as you’ve read it. I’ll be back in two days.” The boy reminded him. He turned to leave, but seemed to remember at the last moment. “Oh and Coulson says good luck to you Captain, you’re gonna need it.”
Natacha wanted to tell Emil that he looked like a horses ass, but she was sure it would get back to Fraulein Werner if she did.
“I can’t lose you. Not when I… when I –”
“What is it bambino?”
"Yes. There are other reasons as well. Things I've kept from you for your safety," Bucky's eyes widened slowly in surprise as Steve broached the forbidden topic, and Steve nodded, resolving himself even as he said it. "But you deserve to know the truth. I’ll tell you all of it."
Because as much as Tony's continual chatter irritated him, as much as his smart talk and sarcasm could sandpaper at his soul, the evidence would suggest that he loved the sound of Antony Stark's voice.
Olasz finished a sharp laugh and turned back to the window. “Most foolish thing I’ve heard of yet.”
Steve clenched his teeth and pushed the fear unfurling in his veins down, listening to his heavy breaths in the stillness of the room.
He swallowed letting his head thunk back against the car’s steering wheel. He squeezed his eyes shut, reciting a prayer he’d learned in his youth. Prayer came to him in moments like this, ageless and familiar like equations and scientific law, comforting in the way of a lifelong companion.
They did not wait till April as Tony’s letter had said they would.  Rather, on a sunny day in the middle of March, just three days after posting the letter – that thanks to Grig, Tony knew for a fact the man at the post office read and reported on to Stanislov’s lacky – Tony met the Rabbi and his cousins at the soup kitchen, where with a little diversion from one of Benjamino’s students, he lost Stanislov’s man in the crowd and changed into a woman’s frock and gloves in a back room. Tony’s head and shoulders covered by a thick shawl, he and Grig had vacated the premises with the man his godfather had hired to watch him still searching the crowded hall of refugees for Tony’s face.
There was a scraping sound, a chair moving and then Tony’s voice, closer this time.
Ian wanted to back up, but there was nowhere to go. And he wouldn’t, even if he could. He tried to keep himself perfectly straight as General Striker turned toward the audience, clasped his hands behind his back and declared that Germany’s future was secure with soldiers such as these to live and die for the good of the present and future of the German empire.
"Stark! There's more ammunition in the glove compartment." Bucky yelled at Tony who immediately ducked down to get the blasted thing open, hands shaking as he rifled around until he felt a long rectangular box that rattled when he grasped it.  He pulled it out, pausing only momentarily to wave it at Bucky who nodded in confirmation, before he reached back through the shattered window and handed the box to Leshnerr who was leaning up despite the gun fire to reach for it. He flinched hard when a shot punched through the metal wall of the truck, not far from where his arm was reaching. Erik cursed, the box dropping from his hands and spilling its contents all over the back of the truck.
He stripped off and made his way to the shower, turning it on cold, and that was his next mistake, because when he came to he was slumped on the bottom of the gym shower, the water shut off and JARVIS's crisp tone echoing in his ears "Captain, you are having a panic attack. It is Thursday, May 7, 2012 at 11:00 a.m. The weather is overcast with a chance of drizzling and you are here at Stark Tower. There is no danger. May I suggest that you keep the shower temperature above 105 degrees Fahrenheit? My data shows that..."
Steve jerked his head up to see Stark, the resident genius, leaning against the kitchen island, stirring something on the stove and looking uncharacteristically worn. Not that that really registered at the moment, after his near-eidetic memory recorded it, as Steve suddenly realized how he must look, rumpled and tearstained, one button undone and another in the wrong buttonhole, and tensed, ready for the man to make some sort of comment. "I--" he broke off again as Stark shoved something warm into his hand, whiskey-golden eyes soft.
"--ogers! Steve!" The sheer shock of hearing his given name, for the first time since he'd gone under, snapped him out of it, and he realized that he'd literally crushed the mug, jagged edges digging into his hand, water still trickling over his hand and turning pink as the blood mingled with it. Stark had one hand on his shoulder, and Steve was almost shocked to see the palpable concern on his face. Why was Stark being so kind tonight, after all the fights they'd had and all the days he'd hidden away in his lab ostensibly to get away from the other Avengers, especially Steve himself? He felt, absurdly, as if he had somehow slipped sideways into another dimension, where flowers flew around the bees and Tony Stark actually cared about his team. As soon as he thought it, he shoved the uncharitable thought away and tried to focus-- Stark was still talking.
within him that wanted to nuzzle up to Stark as close as he would let him and just bask in the warmth of another human being so close to him. "Leave it."
"Rough night?"
Steve Rogers jerked awake, gasping for breath as if he was still asthmatic and ninety pounds soaking wet, the hazy shades of his nightmare swimming in his vision every time he blinked. There would be no trying to fall asleep again tonight, not after that, and he didn't fancy trying to lie there quietly until the sun rose, mulling over the horrific dreams-- Red Skull and trench warfare already figured enough in his thoughts, and it would not help his tenuous sanity to obsess about it. He rose, pulling on his clothes with hands that trembled ever so slightly, and then, on a whim, made his way down to the commons.
"Ha!"
Steve frowned. Why did Stark always have to say things like that? He'd just been trying to apologize; why couldn't Stark let him?
"I'll get you another mug," he said finally, reaching for a rag to start cleaning up the ceramic shards.
"No problem Capsicle," Stark replied, and just like that, the warmth blooming within him vanished. Stark never bothered to use his name, unless it was a fury-drenched "Rogers!" when they were snapping at each other over a training mat or a debriefing table, and while Steve usually didn't mind the inane variations on his superhero name-- Cap, Captain Handsome, even 'Miss America' on one memorable occasion-- he hated when Stark made light of his time in the ice, when it was only months ago for him and he still can't sleep at night, remembering ice cold and salt-saturated water slowly entering the Valkyrie, jetting in through the seams as it sunk, slowly rising around him in a stifling tide and he couldn't breath and he couldn't get out and he'd made his peace with it when he was talking to Peggy but all at once he remembered that he was only twenty seven and he didn't want to die and he'd barely even lived, too ill to do much before the serum and too monitored after it, and--
"I'm so sorry, I know you don't like me touching you but I wasn't able to get through to you before-- did I do something wrong? Oh-- you're bleeding!"
"What?"
"Wait. I...sorry Stark, I...was out of line," Steve managed after a moment of stiff silence, only to realize that he was alone in kitchen, Stark having long gone. And Steve turned, and went down to the gym, and managed to destroy two of the reinforced bags Stark had made especially for him, only stopping when he was practically soaking with sweat and the lacerations on his palm were threatening to bleed through the gauze even with his healing factor.
“Oh Captain, you’re still here? We’d almost forgotten. You’d better get a move on. The children and I can’t start our mission with the guest of honor loitering around!”
He remembered the zeal of youth all too well, though he could hardly remember what Yensin had told him when he had begged his own father to let him enlist. Only that the words of wisdom had strengthened his desire to go. That was the folly of youth it seemed, and since Tony couldn’t, wouldn’t, repeat the words that Hughard had said to shoot his confidence full of holes he could only do this small thing: talk to a boy confused and try and help him see that being a man was about more than fighting battles.
He drew a shaky breath and forced himself to say the rest, to rely on his own strength rather than burden her with his nightmares.
“I hope your family is close.” Magda said, still gripping his hand tightly in hers to help him stand. Her eyes left the inclining trail through the trees and came back to him for the last time. She seemed to be thinking the same thing he was, but Steve didn’t give her any response beyond a brief nod. Her family would have questions of their own, and she couldn’t betray what she didn’t know.
If only he knew. If only there was a way to make him understand that there wasn’t anything in the world Tony didn’t think he’d sacrifice in order to stay by his side. He was Ruth, trembling before the alter of devotion.
He’d been right. Steve didn't recognize this place anymore.
Tony’s thoughts drifted back to the brothers. With each passing day it was harder to swallow the chafing loneliness that followed thoughts of them. It had only intensified with Clinton's visit. He missed being a monk of all things! Nik must never know. Tony would never live down the embarrassment.
“Karachunya,” James chirped, beaming with pride at his own cleverness. Tony frowned and James explained with a smug air. “That means Happy Christmas.”
Tony set his book aside and hurried across the room, resigned to seeing what manner of trouble the children had managed to find for themselves. His eyebrows shot up in surprise when he found Ian stood outside his door looking not at all frantic or bothered, carrying a tray laden with food.  There was a plate full of delicately cut sandwiches that smacked of Willamina's handiwork and a clay soup bowl with lid firmly placed shut, hiding its contents, but if Tony had to guess by the smell wafting into the room he'd go with potato.  Though admittedly it was hard to tell what was what, with how his nose wanted to fixate on the heavenly smell of espresso wafting from the cup beside it.
And for a moment Tony wondered if Hughard had ever loved him that much… the things Hughard might have been driven to do to protect him if he’d learned there was a threat to them (something drastic like signing Tony’s life over to a monastery) but he pushed the thought away as grappling for straws. He’d never know Hughard’s true motivations. He’d not been given enough data.
“Herr Stark!”
“I’m not going anywhere.” He turned to Tony, imploring with his eyes to tell him different as he said, “he looks really bad.”
Natacha stared at him a beat longer, taking in his threadbare trousers and tousled hair with the intent of a spider watching flies buzz around its web.
“Why don’t we ever get to meet her?” James grumbled.
He hadn’t slept much, and the brief stints he did manage were colored with snatches of frightful dreams. Schmidt’s smirking face looming out of dark corners, empty rooms in the villa where his children once played, calling their names over and over with no reply, a packed suitcase and Tony’s cold eyes...
“It’s your education so it’s your choice. What’ll it be?” Tony asked.
“Janneke Van Dyne is capable, and I’d trust her with anything.” Stefen replied without hesitation but Coulson frowned and shook his head. “Her name is on the list. “
“What about you?” the boy asked, looking up at Tony.
Shock slammed into him and he swayed, nearly falling on top of another body laying not inches from him. The soldier was still warm, the bullet that had killed him passing cleanly through his chest.
Well that was….odd.
Rogers looked up and blinked at Ssgt. Zimmerman owlishly, as if just realizing he was there.
When he looked up Steve was watching him with a stillness that made every nerve in Bucky’s body go quiet. He stopped twitching and nearly stopped breathing altogether as Steve gave him a small smile and murmured lowly in Romany, "It doesn’t get any easier the more you say it Buck. Trust me, I tried."
Tony finally managed to scoop up a squirming Sara. He tried to juggle his bicycle and a flailing toddler as he turned back to Péter.
"Stupid." Tony heard her mutter under her breath before she leaned down to fetch Bakhuizen's violin from where he'd rested it near his feet. "Will you teach it to us uncle James?"
Steve shuddered, closing his eyes against the image of his children trapped in the middle of that madness. Good licks gotten or otherwise.
"If you ever took my orders, Stark it'd be a cold day in hell."
“I do.” Tony answered.
“It’s probably just deserts,” the captain said after a moment and when Tony arched a brow in question his lips twisted in a sheepish half smile. “Bucky was always complaining I was made of sticks.”
The two held each other’s stare for a long moment and Tony shivered, reminded keenly of his own boyhood. The responsibilities Hughard had held over Tony like weights. Weights that Hughard had slung there seemingly just to have the satisfaction of watching Tony fall beneath their load.
