“No.”
“So this is how you’re gonna do it? When the shit hits the fan you cop out. You leave me and Sam to deal with all the
“Dean, what are you doing?” With the decreased space between them, Cas was whispering too, voice trembling.
sense, and the worst part was that he understood. That’s probably why he’d felt anger in the first place – he was angry with himself, because he couldn’t even object. What was there really to say? He loved his brother. He needed his brother. But he also wanted his brother to be happy. Would it be fair to let Dean live in a world, free but void of happiness? When Dean laughed, it wasn’t out of joy. Whenever Dean smiled, there was always something missing. There was a type of contentment lacking in Dean’s life that no brotherly love could ever provide.
Sam looked at Dean, tears now rolling down his face as well. He tried to smile despite wanting to scream, tried to stand strong despite insides collapsing. This wasn’t happening – this
From the ground, Dean bit his lower lip hard enough to draw blood. He stood up and threw a slightly ill-timed punch, giving Chuck free power to beat him down again. This followed by Cas coming towards Chuck, but not even an angel could beat God.
?” Chuck asked meekly, lifting his head from the ground to look at the Winchesters. “Where are my powers?”
? How’s that possible?” Dean asked sceptically. It certainly would explain the underlying sense of calmness and peace that was hard to explain and almost uncanny, but that was also the
Chuck’s desperate face was in utter confusion. “What kind of an ending is
"What do you mean? We found Death, we killed Death."
? What did he mean by
“What did dad say about you? Oh, that’s right.
“Yeah, I don’t even know how that happened.” Sam huffed. “I got lucky.” He made a pause, hesitating for a second. “But you know, I won’t be truly satisfied until the day you find your Eileen.”
"Dean, can I talk to you for a second?" Sam pulled his brother away without waiting for an answer.
“He sent Lucifer. Brought him back from the dead…” Michael shook his head unbelievingly.
God and the angels had made themselves the center of attention on Earth. It was a selfish, careless act that asked for so much but returned so little. From the day he’d learnt the true face of Heaven, Dean had hated it. But the thought of Cas once having been part of that mighty force – an ancient species held in such high regard by humanity – was daunting. Thinking of how Cas had turned his back on all of that, of how he possessed so much power and knowledge, yet never let fear spread around him… Well, Dean could feel nothing but awe.
“I…" Cas frowned, recalling what happened. “I think I failed to fall asleep again. I remember the Empty forcing me to sleep. I think I annoyed it.”
“What about Sam, then?” Bobby asked.
"Hmm…” Lucifer nodded thoughtfully. “I did anticipate reluctance, so I came prepared. See, I come bearing gifts – a token of good faith, if you will." He gestured with his hands in the air, and suddenly a woman appeared beside him – gagged, chained, and clearly panicking.
That was a fair point. Dean was no actor, but with the Empty at their heels and Death on a sole mission of extermination, anything less than an Oscar-worthy performance would’ve cost them their lives. His pulse quickened, mouth getting dry, because
Dean and Cas looked at each other and smiled. That sounded about right.
Dean forced himself to a kneeling position while wiping away blood running down his face. Pain, originating from his twisted knee, shot up his leg. He put one arm around Sam, the other grabbing Cas. Arduously, they rose to their feet, all three supporting each other. Two things indicated their minds being totally out of it – Cas not objecting physical contact, and Dean feeling Cas’ strong grip around his waist.
“You listen to me, Cas. When Death busts through that door you
“You’re the stupidest son of a bitch in the universe, Cas,” Dean almost yelled. “We have to defeat God. That’s our
The carefully crafted last confession was still fresh in Dean’s memory. It held the truest things to ever come out of his mouth. Usually, he wasn’t an outwardly affectionate person – opening his heart made him feel vulnerable and uncomfortable. That speech, however, had been the one exception, because Cas was the one exception in his life. And now that it was out in the open, he didn’t know how to follow up on the things he’d said.
long story, and I’ll tell you all about it. But basically, it means Cas saved us.” Because of course that’s what had happened – his
Dean closed his eyes, slapped his face, and opened his eyes again. Bobby was still there, and so was the Impala. “
. I'll tell you." He looked around the room before continuing. "When Father nutted out and committed mass murder, the Empty booted me with orders to find the missing God Book and use it on the old man. Normally I'm not very good at following orders –
“So, you survived,” the archangel said, voice low and equally calm. He started walking towards the altar, making Dean feel like he was in a nightmare wedding movie.
“Yeah.” Sam could barely contain his joy. “She doesn’t seem to remember what happened, but she’s excited to see us again.”
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked and looked at Sam. “Why isn’t it working?”
Dean couldn’t see Lucifer’s face, but he didn’t need to. The deafening scream and blinding light emerging from the archangel told him all he needed to know. For a couple of seconds, the room bathed in light, and then Lucifer gave way to gravity. Dean’s ears rang in the silence left behind, and his heart pounded loudly in his chest. Through the slowly fading afterimage in his eyes, he saw the dark imprint of angel wings on the floor, extending from the lifeless body.
The three of them went at it, standing up and getting beaten down. They fell, time after time, accustoming the ground beneath them to the full force collisions. Pain jarred their bodies, the broken and fractured bones making it unbearable to stand up. Yet they stood, determined to fight an impossible battle. For a short, lucid moment, Dean thought that this had to be what a Sisyphean nightmare felt like. Then Chuck’s fist impacted his body again, and he tasted blood-infused dirt.
from the door. Dean felt his calm slip away little by little and forced himself to take a deep breath.
Sam's memories took him back to ten years ago when Dean had shown up, arisen from the dead, with the shape of Cas' hand burnt into his flesh. This had to mean something, right? Did they strike a stupid deal with Death? With Heaven? Both were lying through their teeth, so what exactly had gone down back in the bunker that was worth being so secretive about?
"He's just tired."
With that said, there are some good news. At least I think they're good news. I uploaded 2 chapters at once! Wohoo!
Dean heard an old, gruff voice, familiar to his ears. He spun around, even before his mind had registered the end of his name, and proceeded to drop his jaw. A man had come out of the roadhouse, wearing a very familiar cap on top of a very familiar face. “
“Fascinating,” Lucifer said. He rolled his eyes and snapped his fingers. Dean watched in shock as Death crumbled into ashes before their eyes. Nothing but black dust was left, and the now open book flew straight into Lucifer’s hands.
Then suddenly, with a sharp inhale, the woman came to life. She flew up from the floor, as if being yanked, and came to stand beside Lucifer.
“Let me guess –
Dean closed his eyes and allowed the cool air to fill his lungs as he slowly inhaled. He cleared his mind and focused on the facts. Chuck was gone, the world Jack’s to run, and his little brother had found a great woman willing to spend her life with him. The future was safe in every possible way. No more games, no more living for the entertainment of God. It was just humanity in a balanced world. Dean shakily exhaled as he made his decision. “Sam. I think this is it.”
Cas' expression was the same as back in the bunker, and Dean suddenly realised the tears hadn’t been out of sadness but rather out of happiness. Cas had been happy to die for someone he loved. “Then don’t,” Dean whispered. Despite his own face being full of them, he wiped the tears away from Cas’ face. In the background, he saw the Empty circling a tree, creeping towards them, ready to take them both. But it was okay. Dean smiled as content filled him. This was how his story ended. It felt right. "Then don't… Don't fight it."
"We're not trusting him, Michael,” Dean clarified. “We're… giving it a shot, okay? I mean, what other options do we have? Do you– Cas, watch out!" he suddenly yelled.
“Are you sure now?" Dean asked, feeling his heart beating quickly his chest.
The look of relief on Dean’s face almost made it worth the unbearable pain ripping his heart in two. “Sammy,” Dean said, “I want you to have a good life, okay? Live a good life, a happy life, and long life. Live the life you’ve always wanted. Cherish every moment with Eileen. Love her, respect her, take care of her, and give her my best.”
“I know,” Sam whispered back.
– it's in just
There are two chapters (3&4), and an epilogue left. I'm thinking of uploading ch 3&4 in one go, because not a lot happens in chapter 3, but it's still an important part of the story. This will of course take more time, and because I have an exam on Friday, it's gonna take even longer… But bear with me! I've already written most of the epilogue and ch 4, so the story will be finished at some point next week (probably).
decision. Cas had managed to stall the inevitable, but that door wasn't going to hold forever. Like everything else in his life, every time he came palpably close to victory, something would go wrong and derail
As they continued walking, in futile search for signs of life, Sam couldn't help but repeatedly glance over at Dean walking by his side. He knew he should be devoting his attention and energy to what lay around them, but his eyes brought him to the handprint on Dean's shoulder. It made no sense. While Cas had been covered in blood, Dean was completely free from it. Except for that one handprint.
The sun was spreading its last portion of warmth for the day, and the fresh evening air gently wrapped them in its motions. “Look at this world,” Dean said and gestured at what lay before them. The trees swayed lightly in the evening breeze, and above it the sun was hovering like a glowing orb. The last sun rays filtered through the clouds, casting a golden hue that contrasted the pinkish sky and the silhouetted greyish mountains. “To know that we helped save all of humanity, all of
Dean smiled. The feeling of butterflies intensified. He untangled one of his hands, put his arm around Cas’ waist, and tenderly pulled his angel closer until their lips touched. Whatever distance remaining was now completely gone. It was almost symbolic – more than ten years of personal space finally thrown out the window.
“I’m not sure if this
"She's a reaper," Michael said, looking at Sam.
In an instant, everything caught fire. Blue light shot out of the bowls, the energy from it radiating like the sun. Dean shielded his eyes from being blinded as he faced the storm-like impact shooting high up into the sky. The waves of power emanating from the pillars of light were almost tangible. It could be seen from miles away, and had there been people left, this would’ve become the focus of amateur paranormal investigation within minutes.
to be surprised, the smartass.
Dean stalks forward, dropping the letter on the floor in favor of grasping Castiel’s jaw in one hand, his other hand bracing the back of the angel’s head. All of a sudden, Dean’s lips are on his, warm and wet, as Dean kisses him
Cas stares at him a bit longer, then turns away again.
it when Cas laughs. And that’s not because he’s gay for an angel, alright? It’s just that Cas doesn’t laugh much. So when he does, well, Dean can’t help it. He can’t help the smile that tugs at his own lips and he can’t help it if his heart melts a little. And if he gives Cas a sappy look, well, it doesn’t mean anything. At all.
thing ever. Dean’s heart flutters and fuck, Cas is gonna be the death of him. He doesn’t know what makes him do it, he thinks maybe Cas swallowed a magnet. A really, really powerful magnet that draws him in and makes him peck the angel lightly on the lips.
“You dumb son of bitch- are you serious?” Dean demands.
stupid finger quotes). There is nothing wrong with me.”
thought about it before. Yep. Yeah. It’d honestly be full on homophobic not to think about sucking on Cas’ lips.
It takes them almost two days to track the Cupid, but when they do, they deal with her quickly. She’s taken the appearance of a woman in her early sixties and she’s just as outrageously happy as the last one. She’s also just as butt-naked, which is pretty unpleasant for all of them.
Castiel practically jumps out of his chair.
. It’s not his fault. It’s not like he
“I, uh, I love you too. You idiot,” he informs the angel.
thinks so- not just him. You know?
to kick his ass out. What’s up, Cas?”
“Thank you.”
Sam stares worriedly at the scene unfolding in front of him, trying and failing to meet his brother’s eyes. “Um… you ok, Dean?”
hate him as much as he might try sometimes, and Dean falls in love all over again, a little bit more every time. To the point where Dean has
, always leaving on some stupid suicide mission. And every time he leaves, or dies, or betrays them, Dean’s heart breaks and he finds himself hating Cas.
me. And not in a platonic way. Like, in a you-wanna-blow-me-in-the-backseat-of-my-car typa way.”
Sam lets out a strangled sound. “
The ever growing lump in Dean’s throat explodes and before he can stop himself, he’s taking two steps towards Ketch and swinging. The loud smack that fills the room is satisfying, and even more so is the sight of Ketch’s head snapping back as red blooms from his nose. Dean considers punching him in the gut, too, just for good measure, when Cas grabs Dean’s wrist from behind and shoves him away.
will help Dean finally get over him.
, so I’m gonna say it- Dean loves you, alright?”
“So…” Sam starts cautiously. “You guys are… together now?”
“Your business is my business, Cas- spill.”
, generally by either screwing some random chick or pointlessly yelling at Cas. Because it could never work. Firstly, yeah Cas is a dork, but he’s also completely out of his league. He’s an actual beautiful goddamn
Well… ok that’s true but… that might be because Dean and Cas really don’t spend too much time together. Cas is always zapping off on missions to Heaven or wherever, and Dean’s not bitter about that. Or hurt. At all. That’s just fine. Point is, they just don’t get the opportunity to hang out too much. But, Jesus, would it be nice if they did.
Dean can’t help thinking about how, even though the whole panty thing is just an impossible fantasy for him, there’s someone else who might get to have Cas like that. Someone who definitely does not deserve him. He grits his teeth, his stomach twisting uncomfortably.
in him to not knock that smirk off Ketch’s face.
To which Cas blushes.
Cas tilts his head, frowning again, “I thought you knew.”
“Cas!” Dean yells, alarmed.
the one who loves him-  so much he can barely fucking function without him.
“Cas,” Dean growls, completely ignoring Sam. Dean’s blazing green eyes stare into his blue ones, and Cas feels his pulse quickening. “Are you hurt?”
Fuck. So much for subtlety.
He stares at the results on his phone screen, glancing up very suspiciously just to make sure no one’s watching him. (He’s alone in his room with the door shut. Of course no one’s watching him.) Ok. Deep breath.
This, more than anything else, seems to spur Cas to his feet, which- of
Sam is pouring milk into his Raisin Bran when Dean saunters in, looking happier than he has been in a while. Possibly ever.
pack of Menthols- despite the fact that he doesn't smoke. The checkout dude sees it anyway and gives him a slightly amused look.
“Cas, what’s that?”
“Cas?”
Dean freezes, spatula poised in midair. Shit. Apparently, they haven’t talked about this yet. Of
Cas blinks up at him. “I… Dean, what?” he stumbles over the words. (Interesting.)
ok if u watched the show u prob get that i mostly just paraphrased mishas big love confession so like, credit to the cw
He subtly looks over again. Cas has a really nice jawline. And his long eyelashes are casting shadows over his face. And his hair looks especially dark and messy-
Cas frowns in thought, but after several long moments, his eyes widen comically. Then, just as quickly, he’s scowling and snapping his head towards Ketch. (Oh yeah, Ketch.)
, or… whatever.
you without a gun to their head.”
And now
Now he and Sam are at the table, drinking
“Uh huh.” Dean says, grinning. Cas is now very carefully inspecting the ceiling, so Dean grabs his face and tilts it until their eyes meet. “What if I want it to affect me?” he asks, a little surprised by how husky his own voice sounds.
if it wasn’t for his Sasquatch brother (rudely) startling awake.
“Sammy!” Dean yells. Does his brother have a goddamn death wish?
“What?” Dean smirks. “All I’m sayin is that Cas is a real good angel, you know? Real
He parts his mouth and yanks Dean down so that the hunter is straddling him in the chair, and Dean whimpers softly as the angel slips his tongue into the other man’s mouth. It’s hot and messy and
“Hey, that’s alright, angel.”
Dean doesn’t say. Instead he rolls his eyes, “Hey, your loss, man. But can you-” Dean clears his suddenly dry throat. “I mean- does that mean you can’t get married to anyone else?”
, no, he should open his eyes. Right.
Sam opens the door. “Oh,” Cas says, his face falling a bit.
Cas retorts icily, “I don’t
Fuck off. Maybe Dean mopes and drinks and is generally pissy and depressed when Cas is gone… but that’s just ‘cause he’s worried that the friggin’ angel got himself killed. Or hurt. Or isn't coming back. It has nothing to do with…
Dean types “am i gay” into the search bar and (after a long pause) hits enter.
“Cas?” Dean starts uncertainly, hoping against hope that the angel isn’t, you know, in
“Hello, Sam.” Cas is much less hostile.
And now, after they got so close to… a kiss maybe? Hopefully?- there’s a crazy impulse that’s getting harder and harder to ignore, and he thinks if he opens his mouth just a tiny bit all his stupid love will come pouring out, so he grits his teeth and keeps driving.
He's moving too fast, probably. Like,
with the angel now, and it’s taking as much concentration to not get hit as it is to not get hard. (Ok yeah, something’s probably wrong with him.) Seriously though, Cas is full on straddling him, gasping and writhing against him, and this is basically something out of one of Dean’s wet dreams (
Yeah, Cas has definitely said that. Awesome- Dean loves
Dean nods wordlessly, and forces a small smile before Cas walks away.
for me. And it’s cool if- like I get it if you don’t feel the same way, or if you-”
goddamn much. You gotta know that, Cas, ok? You’re
Dean slaps his brother.
? Was there a freakin’ ceremony? A kiss? Did they have to consummate the- goddamn it.
Like Cas, for example. Gorgeous as fuck, Dean can admit that. But girls
“I’ll go get the first aid kit,” Sam says quickly.
“From the store, genius,” Dean laughs.
were under the spell.”
“Hey! No, not you.
Cas coughs and sputters, “Dean, I don’t think - not a good - I don’t have to do that.”
Dean scowls. “‘Course, Sammy.” He walks off too, in the opposite direction.
earnest, so certain that there’s no room for argument, no possibility of Cas having anyone but Dean.
Cas sighs dramatically, but he’s blushing even
now if anything.
A gigantic grin takes over Dean’s face. “
. He clears his throat awkwardly.
best friend- who the hell does he think he is? Dean sharply swerves the car a couple times, trying to throw them apart, and mentally apologizes to his Baby. He stops quickly, though, when he sees that Ketch is just using this as an opportunity to squeeze Cas’ leg tighter and anchor himself against the angel.
His lips are soft and warm, and they taste like strawberry chapstick for some reason. When did Cas get chapstick?
“That wasn’t love,” Cas answers simply.
if that’s possible, and then he smirks. “
“Dean!” Cas snaps, reaching for it.
. Because of Dean. He leans in. “Hey Cas?” he whispers. “Um… you- me too. You, you know, also- for me…” Fucking
anymore. Or
considered PDA nowadays? Because honestly, the angel is free to engage in way more friggin public affection than that. (As long as it’s with Dean.) Yeah, Cas can… he can do
Cas frowns, “Why?”
“I don’t wear…” Cas squints at Dean. “Nevermind.”
Dean laughs bitterly. “That’s what
Dean doesn’t know why he feels a sharp pang of jealousy in his chest. (Ok, well, he does know why, but whatever.) Who the hell is Cas writing letters to? Why didn’t Dean ever get one?
Dean swallows, his heart thumping erratically. He’s completely torn between grabbing the letter and keeping the damn thing as far away from himself as possible.  “No, Cas, it’s- that’s yours.”
stressed out soccer mom, which would actually be pretty funny under other circumstances.
would I prefer that?” Dean snarls.
(Cas beams up at him.)
look at him sometimes…)
Cas wonders what he should do now, but who is he kidding? There’s only one person he really wants to see, a beautiful man who he trusts to take care of him. For better or worse, Cas is utterly in love with Dean Winchester. Somewhere along the way, between the tender looks and the stupid jokes, Cas had fallen for him. Maybe it was because of how genuine Dean is, and kind, even though he acts so tough. Well for whatever reason, Cas had recklessly committed himself to loving Dean- wholly and unconditionally. He doesn’t care that Dean makes mistakes (who doesn’t?) and he doesn’t care that Dean will never feel the same way (well, maybe that part hurts, just a tiny bit). Anyway, no matter how one-sided Cas' love is, Cas still knows that if he asks for Dean's help, he'll be there.
“Sam?” Dean appeals, looking to his brother for back up.
Dean raises his eyebrows, surprised. “Uh, yeah it was, Cas. I mean, it was manufactured by a Cupid, but that’s basically what love feels like.”
. He’s usually pretty good at that. “You like me.” And he winks, for good measure.
is not a good sign. Sam definitely recognizes the overly cheerful tone. It usually means that Dean’s mad as hell.
Dean closes his eyes, and imagines it. And- fuck it- yes, Cas is the one he pictures. Well, what’s the point fantasizing about Brad Pitt or something- he doesn’t know the guy. It just wouldn’t be realistic, you know? Cas is real. Shut up.
“Uh,” Sam is still talking to Rowena, and now he’s giving Dean a very overt side-eye.
“Sam,” Dean supplies helpfully, his voice breaking.
His brother, who has been watching the scene unfold with a concerned and somewhat
Sam just barely holds Dean back.
“Oh, really?” Dean presses closer, until their faces are inches apart and Cas feels intoxicated as Dean’s eyes flick across his lips. “So I’m not making you nervous?” Dean whispers.
Sam snorts. “So romantic, Dean.”
He likes it, though. (In a platonic way.)
that letter’s for?
Dean is caught off guard by the sharp punch to his gut, and while he’s busy keeling over, Cas scurries back to Ketch. “What the
Dean watches Cas’ face twist up in a combination of disgust and anger, and then he’s on Ketch so fast, Dean almost thinks he flew, but nope- it’s just Cas being an
Cas’ dark brown hair.
Dean stops for a moment at that, and kind of just stares into space, a slight blush and a dopey smile taking over his face. Sam doesn’t ask him what
“You know, you’re a terrible liar.”
, I got a necessary ingredient for the spell.”
,” Rowena fake coughs, prim and smug.
. In fact, he’d tried so many times to convince himself he
underneath him, every single platonic, brotherly thought in his head dissolves on the spot. In fact, his brain is suddenly kinda foggy and he doesn’t really know where he is anymore.
not be fine,
“Yes,” Cas replies immediately, his voice deep and
thinking about some random djinn chick on top of Cas. Maybe he's spiraling.
What the
“I’m married to the Djinn Queen,” Castiel repeats slowly.
Sam frowns. “D’you know why they went after you?”
jealous of Meg. And whenever you leave he’s all ‘How’s Cas? Heard from Cas? When’s
Cas stares at him like he can see his goddamn soul. Dean swallows again. “You seemed… agitated.”
Dean is in the middle of a heated argument with Ketch (stupid British bastard) when Cas flies in, much to his relief. It’s always good to see Cas, especially right
Dean sits up and grins. “Yeah? Well, be a good brother, then, and why don’t you go 'take a walk'  for 20 minutes?” He jokes (although it doesn’t have to be a joke), shooting Cas a flirtatious wink.
He takes another deep breath and clicks on the first link. These stupid online quizzes are probably BS anyway. Whatever.
“Yes.”
- oh God. Dean moans because, well
ok?” Dean exclaims. “Why wouldn’t I be? I’m just peachy, Sammy, don’t worry about me!”
, sloppily gliding their mouths together.
“Oh, sure,” Dean scoffs. “Except for the fact that you’re head over heels for Mr. ‘I eat crumpets and, uh… murder people’.”
Dean may or may not throw up in his mouth.
Dean laughs. “Sorry, Sammy, no can do.”
and Cas ain’t pushing him away.
Dean stares at him. “Ok, jeez. Don’t get your panties in a twist,” he mutters, chucking the goddamn letter at Cas’ head. Of course, the angel just catches it, perfectly.
not your… your-
Dean nods. “You kiss her?” he blurts.
he wants.
Sam throws his hands up. “Come on, Cas- just give it to him!”
smile and he says simply, “Of course, Dean.”
Castiel obliges while Dean digs through his closet for something. “Here,” he announces finally, holding out an excessively creased piece of paper. “I wrote one first.”
This is fun. “Anything else you like, sweetheart?” Dean teases.
Hello, Dean. I’m Castiel, Angel of the Lord, and I don’t understand that reference.
Dean freezes, wondering if he heard the angel correctly. If he wasn’t jealous before, he fucking is now.
jealous though, that’s for damn sure. And anyway, he knows that the djinn queen doesn’t
fuck.
“No, you don’t.”
Dean tells himself it’s just a spell, and he’s being dumb, but it hurts way more than it should when Cas doesn’t give him that hopeful smile like usual, and ask to sit up front with him. (Damn it, Dean regrets not letting the angel ride shotgun more often.)
“Why the
“Ew guys, seriously?” Sam groans loudly. “You’ve been alone for like, an hour.”
. “It’s not really- not
Dean rolls his eyes (that’s
Now the remorse is gone from Cas’ face and he’s staring at Dean like he just sprouted another head.
“Good for you, buddy,” he murmurs after a while.
Dean fills his brother in on the situation and when they get back upstairs- goddamn it- Ketch is still here. That’s bad enough already, but the guy now has a hand on Cas’
, Dean,” Cas responds sharply. “I don’t need to have meaningless sex with strangers.”
Dean broodily traipses down the stairs, which actually isn’t that unusual. “Hey, Sammy! Guess what?”
“Nothing,” Dean grunts, not meeting his eyes. “Let’s just get you fixed up.”
“Cas,
Dean turns back to Cas, his face beet red. “Uh,” he chuckles awkwardly. “Don’t listen to him.”
“Hey, this just makes us even, you hear me?” Dean reminds her.
“You sure you’re alright?” Sam asks carefully.
while he and Sammy were out on a supply run, and he didn’t really bother to say
liar.”
Straight as an arrow- that's Dean!
Dean doesn’t know how long they make out for, but he does know that this will be continued very soon. Preferably tonight. And tomorrow morning. And- well, anyway.
Soft, chapped lips suddenly press against Dean’s, and every tormented thought flies out of his head. Cas is there, one warm hand cupping his jaw, and the other dropping down to rest on his waist.
Cas gulps and squints at the wall. “What do you mean?” he asks, even though they both know exactly what he means.
, and
Dean just smirks as his brother stalks out, wholly exasperated and muttering something about
. This sure is angsty for a guy who ‘hates chick flick moments’.
Dean barely registers the possessive growl that escapes his lips as he goes ahead and fucking barrels towards them. He’s not entirely aware of what he’s doing as he yanks Cas away, all he knows is that he sees red and it’s taking
“Uh, I was joking. Cas, was that you?”
Then, probably as a last-ditch effort to try and save herself, the Cupid shoots something at Cas. Or at least, that’s what it looks like. Dean can’t actually
“Uh, you wanna elaborate?”
“It’s open,” Dean yells over the music blasting in his ears.
He needs
“Hey, guys. The vamps give you too much trouble?” he calls.
Sure, Heaven and Hell and everyone in between seem to be under the impression that Dean and Cas are fucking. But that’s none of Dean's business. It’s not
Dean has decided to simply stop looking at his best friend. What he doesn’t know can’t hurt him, right?
Cas’ face lights up even
really good too. When Cas bites his lip gently, Dean gasps. Cas takes that opportunity to slip his tongue into Dean’s mouth and
“I’m sorry, you’re
?” Sam asks, bewildered.
“Ok, Ketch, enough,” Sam says.
“I believe that legal marriage would be out of the question for a multitude of reasons, the most pressing of which being that I do not technically exist as a human on earth.”
Cas’ stupid blue eyes widen and he’s so damn
. And I don’t- it doesn’t- it won’t affect you.”
“I want you to read it,” Cas protests, looking at him with something close to desperation in his eyes.
angel. “Sam,” Dean grunts. “Call Rowena. Figure out how to fix… this,” he gestures at Cas, who looks upset.
“Wait, Cas,” Sam interjects. He scratches his head, genuinely trying to think of one reason they couldn’t just… get rid of Ketch. Then, he seems to snap himself out of it. “Come on, seriously? If we kill him we’re just as bad as him. Plus, they’ll probably send people after us.”
each other in the back of his car, and Sam next to him on the phone with Rowena.
“Shut up, smartass,” Dean smiles. “And sit down.”
think about that. Spending the rest of their lives together… that’d be nice. Well, Dean’s actually planning on him and Cas being together forever, anyway. Wait, that came out wrong. Not, like
He’s fucking what?! “Uh,
Ok… kissing Cas? Dean squeezes his eyes shut. And… sex? Alright. Yeah. The hazy image that suddenly comes to mind is enough to make a rush of heat zip down his stomach. Dean gulps and
“Oh… um. Claire sent me the same one.” Cas looks up smugly, “Obviously I didn’t take it so seriously that I came onto you immediately after reading it, but…”
Except, Dean can’t help but notice when the British hunter starts practically
Cas grunts, “Short.”
Dean laughs softly. “You’re such an idiot,” he sighs, and starts fixing Cas’ backwards tie. It’s not the first time that Sam’s wondered if Cas purposely puts it on wrong. And of course Dean takes his time, straightening it as inefficiently as he possibly can.
Dean nudges infinitesimally closer. “What do you want?” he says in a low voice.
“I know who you are, Dean,” Cas retorts, but Dean doesn’t like the furious look on his face. “
“Really, Cas?”
“Dean, this has only happened twice.”
Dean chuckles, surprised. That sassy little fucker. “Who gave you a letter?” He kind of desperately wants to read it, but that would require a couple more hands. Also, you know, invasion of Cas’ privacy and all that.
Yeah. Figures. Goddamnit.
, subconsciously rolls his hips against Cas’, and hears the angel
with Arthur fucking Ketch. “You ok, buddy?”
“That’s not true,” Castiel mutters, and takes several more gulps of tea. It does nothing for his nerves.
warrior.
They’d decided to drive back tonight, maybe get to sleep a couple hours in their own beds rather than spending fake money on a shitty motel. Sam had immediately claimed the backseat, then promptly fallen asleep. Actually, after urging Cas up front next to Dean (like Dean would've let Cas sit anywhere else) Sam had started snoring a little too loudly within about thirty seconds of strapping his seatbelt on (nerd). Dean didn’t know why in the hell Sammy was pretending to be asleep, but he can tell that his brother isn’t faking it anymore. It’s just him and Cas now. In the dark. In the middle of nowhere. Dean looks at the angel’s profile (again) and swallows.
Ketch mutters something that sounds suspiciously like ‘tell that to your mother’.
Dean literally gags hearing those words outta Cas’ mouth. He looks around for support, but Sam gives him a helpless gesture and Rowena is busy muttering something under her breath. Dean sighs, “Cas, look,
. Oh fuck. Hey, it doesn't mean anything- Dean just has a thing for blue eyes, that's all. (Or at least, he's had a thing for blue eyes since about 10 years ago now.)
“How the hell would I know that?”
, there’s someone else. Some girl that Cas
. And Jesus, Dean always thought Cas would be a good kisser but this is incredible. Cas is sucking and nibbling on his lips like he friggin’ owns them and honestly- maybe he does. Dean doesn't know how long they make out for- he could do this for hours. Hell, he could do this for the rest of his life, and he
crush on you for ages-”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Get outta here, Sammy,” he grumbles, without looking away from Cas, whose face is flickering through several different emotions with unnatural speed.
“Do I need to drive?” Sam deadpans, but his face is fond watching them.
witches.
Dean?” Cas asks, sounding annoyed. He doesn’t even turn his head. “I can feel you looking at me.”
Cas leans his head on Ketch’s shoulder. Not
Ketch smirks, “Well, you’re not so bad yourself, Angel.”
hurt my love.”
“Yeah, thanks Rowena,” Sam mutters.
“This is encouraged,” Cas murmurs, and he closes the distance.
- and quickly grabs Cas’ stupid trenchcoat as he licks into his best friend’s mouth.
? It’s not like he can control it- fuck this.
stop! Forever!”
wouldn’t do that for you.”
, he’s never seen Cas nervous before and it’s
, here, has found himself a true love.” Dean says, his voice strained as he claps Cas on the back. The angel just frowns at him.
Cas gulps and desperately tries to come up with a response but he can’t
Except then he’ll come back and Dean realizes that he never hated him,
at him Cas! We hate him, remember?” he snaps, feeling a little betrayed (and no, he’s definitely not overreacting).
The car ride back to the motel is fucking torture. Cas
“Yes, Dean?”
. So he really doesn’t know.
Alright, Dean and Cas are now staring at each other. They’ve clearly forgotten that Sam is literally right here,
Cas frowns. “Did you mean to?”
When the angel finally leans back, his eyes are huge and he just waits, looking terrified.
”.) It’s actually really cute. Shut up. It’s adorable.
-like me!”
. He’s
“Who's it for, Cas?” Dean asks after a moment, his voice on the wrong side of dangerous.
“Dean, give that back.”
bringing him along wasn’t such a bad idea. He takes back that thought very quickly, though. Because suddenly Cas is looking up, eyes on Ketch, and any pain on his face has been completely replaced with obvious, wholehearted devotion. What the
Sam probably has more to say, but at that very moment, Dean forcefully ejects him from the room.
Cas looks a bit guilty. “I did.”
you, Dean’s in love. With you. I’m his
Ketch looks thoroughly pained, and Dean thinks he might apologize, but instead he croaks out, “Kinky, angel.”
Cas rolls his eyes and lets go of him. “Get out,” he rasps.
“Yes, I… wasn’t supposed to tell you this, but… there’s a mission,” Castiel blatantly lies. “A top-secret mission that requires my immediate attention.”
Dean ignores that. “
He risks a glance at his friend, who’s glaring out the window, the letter clutched tightly in his slightly shaking grasp.
is this somehow Sam’s life? And honestly- who the hell does Dean
He hears someone’s throat clear behind him and whips around to see none other than his gigantic brother ruining the moment. Typical.
When the light dissipates, it’s still for a moment, Cas blinking confusedly. “Um, Dean?”
Before Ketch can even open his slimy mouth, Cas twists his arms behind his back in an uncomfortable looking grip, knees the guys hard in the balls (Sam and Dean wince simultaneously), then smashes his elbow into Ketch’s ribs.
? He’s being friendly. This is ridiculous.
“And I
for fuck’s sake. Plus, he can’t, or won’t, just stay
By the time they have to stop for gas, Dean is seriously considering just laying one on the angel. He gets out of the car to fill the tank, then makes his way over to Cas’ side. The window is open and Dean leans in close, his face a couple inches from Cas’. He feels giddy for some reason, and can’t contain a smile.
Castiel splutters at his back.
Dean looks amused, “Well, hate to break it to you buddy, but you're gonna have to so we can get you cleaned up. Come on, you got nothing to be ashamed of- you’re a handsome guy, Cas, show some skin.”
as he clicks on the quiz. “Am I in Love with My Best Friend?” He thinks he knows the answer, but if this quiz can somehow convince him otherwise… well that’d make his life a hell of a lot easier.
“Cas, are you kidding me?! I
The car swerves violently as Dean struggles to keep the thing out of Cas’ reach. Luckily, they’re in the middle of nowhere, but still. “Jesus, Cas, you’re gonna crash the car!”
“Of course you can have me,” Dean pants gruffly, kissing his angel on the cheek. He gazes at Cas for a long moment, then unceremoniously clambers off of him, taking Castiel’s hand and dragging the angel all the way to his bedroom.
with the damn puppy eyes 'cause that just ain't fair.
he likes guys? Not that he has, obviously. Because he
“Go for it,” Dean encourages.
“Rowena- damn it- you owe us.”
Dean scowls, “No one in their right mind would
But Cas is
Oh yeah, Cas definitely doesn’t give a shit about double-texting. Or using a ridiculous amount of emojis. (Sorry- “
“No, it’s the Mona Lisa,” Cas grumbles.
don’t
“No,” Cas says. Ok, so… fewer words than usual.
Dean marches into the library where he knows Cas is, and maybe he’s smiling a little too much, because Cas takes one look at him and asks what’s wrong. Sammy just wearily says, “What did you do.” (Rude.)
“You’re certainly not wasting any time,” Castiel remarks, dryly.
?” he repeats skeptically. “And this has happened before?”
, Dean should have knocked Ketch out when he had the chance. Now his filthy hands are all over
Cas looks at him like he just said that the moon’s made of cheese.
? Why Dean asked that, he has no clue, because he really
Huh. If he
“Alright,” Sam mutters, relieved. “I’m gonna go, ok?” Then as an afterthought, “Please don’t have sex on the table.”
Dean scowls and replies through gritted teeth, “I’m helping him get his shirt off. Because he’s
to be happy. And his small, sweet smile and bright, crinkling eyes and the way he says "
, because Sam thought it would make him less anxious. Castiel had informed the younger Winchester that a six-pack would actually be much more effective, but Sam had only rolled his eyes.
?” Dean demands.
“Dean,” Cas says, looking up with piercing blue eyes. “Arthur is coming with us.”
It’s then that he hears slow footsteps making their way to the kitchen. Dean’s footsteps.
Cas looks utterly confused, which- not exactly what Dean was going for. “Of course I like you, Dean,” Cas agrees cautiously.
anything to Cas. He just married her for the stupid pomegranates, or whatever they are. But what does that mean,
“Correct,” Cas says haughtily. Great.
Yeah, no shit Sherlock. Instead, Dean rolls his eyes. “I wasn’t fucking
? Yep. Cas watched those with him, and a bunch of others, with little to no complaint. (Ok fine, he complained the whole time, ‘cause he’s a sassy little fucker, but he
Cas starts to protest indignantly but Dean cuts him off.
sexual experience with, you know,
Dean snorts, relieved that he doesn’t have 15 guy crushes. See? There. He’s not gay. (Really though, is 5 too many?)
they haven’t. “I, uh…” Dean trails off, panic clear on his face.
The two of them roll around on the floor a little while longer before Rowena suddenly gets real loud with her mumbo jumbo, and a flash of bright purple light shoots towards them, enveloping the angel.
man?” Dean wheezes.
all the time.
Dean ignores the part of him that’s saying
!” he cuts himself off, unable to say it. “We about done, here?”
“You do realize that you can’t
See, it’s hard to say. He either feels amazing and warm and happy (not in a weird way, he's just relieved 'cause his friend isn't, you know, dead), or he’s mad that Cas is doing- or already did- something stupid. In which case he just feels tense, on edge. Like he just wants to get in Cas' face and
Dean snorts, “No.”
“Uh… hey Cas,” Sam nods at him. “How ya feeling?”
Dean feels his heart sink a bit. “Yeah?”
Because he’s an incredibly nice person, and he wants Dean to be happy, and he wants Cas to be happy, (and he’s absolutely sick of this) Sam heads over to Cas’ room.
Sam looks up when he hears the bunker door slam shut. His brother and Cas are coming in, both looking pretty tense. So… they didn’t hook up, then. Damn, these idiots. There’s only so many times Sam can tell his brother take Cas on a hunt…  and spend a few nights in a motel room with him. Alone. Together. You know?
"In person." Chuck sighed. "This is a beautiful reunion right here. My son, my grandson, and my two favourite Winchester boys. How you've been? Enjoying a little alone time?"
"What is it?" Cas asked, immediately on alert.
“Now I’m thinking that if we could nail an archangel…” Dean skillfully spun the blade in his hand. “Well, that would generate a lot of power. Maybe that could give Jack an energy boost.” He handed the blade over to Sam. “You hold on to that, and when time comes, we kill Satan.”
. After turning Jack into a cosmic bomb, we discovered that he could absorb energy.” Dean informed. He slowly released his grip on Sam and Cas and walked up to Chuck, pain no longer restraining him. “But apart from that, we didn’t do anything –
"Dean!" Sam exclaimed as his brother and Cas stepped out of the Impala, the initial panic still ghosting his mind. "What the hell happened? You guys alright? I thought you were in trouble.”
, Sam thought.
. So you keep that angelic mouth of yours shut, because we have to go save the
“What plan?” Dean asked as he glanced at Cas scanning the bookshelves.
“I’m working on a plan,” Cas simply answered.
What made Sam feel even worse was the fact that he’d been the one insisting on it this time. He’d insisted on finding another way, because
"Never mind." Bobby took another swig of beer. "You boys are the two biggest idjits in the world, you know that, right?"
Cas didn’t question it, and took a step forward. “Yes, Dean?”
." Sam's pulse quickened, and he felt the urge to punch someone – more specifically, God.
“A while back, Cas made a deal with the Empty–”
side with the Winchesters, and I can't forgive that.” Chuck walked towards his son, an evil smile on his face.
, Dean.”
“You lose,” Chuck said, superiorly looking down at his challengers. “Give it up.”
to meet his family and friends. He wanted to see all of Heaven. Cas was finally home again, and this was where their new life started. This was the beginning of a life they’d been denied on Earth.
“I don’t trust Lucifer,” Sam said, closing the door behind them.
it’s nobody’s fault but that bastard’s. It’s not our actions that brought the world here – it’s Chuck’s disturbing, psychopathic mood swings. But you know what? Screw him. We’ll fix it like we always do.”
“Yeah. A bit winded,” the archangel answered. “I haven't been in a battle like that for several centuries.”
Finally, big THANK YOU to everyone who's taken their time to read, leave kudos, and write encouraging comments. This fic ended up so much longer than I'd anticipated, and I'm almost a bit sad that it's over now. But it’s been a fantastic experience, from start to finish, and I couldn't have wished for better support. This has made me realise that I might be capable of writing decent stories after all ;) It also makes me want to write and share more of my work.
I hope you enjoyed this series, and I hope it could fix the things the actual show neglected. I had actually already decided on the ending before starting to write this fic, and as you can see, I kind of went for the canon ending, except… you know, Cas isn't forgotten. From now on, this is the official ending in my mind at least. ;)
to be another way.”
“We reached out to you,” Dean said. “But you ignored us.”
Lucifer inhaled, pressed his lips together into a thin line, and slowly exhaled. Annoyance and indignity was written all over his face. “You… bunch… of…
“I’m gonna leave you with some words of wisdom,” Dean interrupted, not feeling sorry at all. “Family doesn’t end in blood, but it doesn’t start there either.” He looked straight at Chuck and tapped his fingers to his head. “Makes you think, huh? Consider that my
“You're sure about this?” Dean asked, ridding his mind of previous thoughts.
, okay?” Sam smiled, lips quivering violently. He nodded. “I’m gonna let you go, because I love you, Dean. I want you to smile. It’s b-been a long time since you smiled.”
"You're
"Well, then you're not getting the translation."
In an instant, Dean realised what Cas was doing. They had been played by God, by Death, and now Cas was sacrificing himself to save Dean. Cas wasn't choosing to be taken by the Empty because they were going to die anyway. No, he was sacrificing himself and taking Death with him just to give them a shot at defeating God. Cas was doing all of that for them, for the world, for
I'm also really nervous for the reactions. As I was about to upload this, I started second-guessing myself, and I almost didn't upload today. Like, am I crazy for writing an ending like this? Did I make it worse than the actual finale? I don't know. I really hope not.
Dean nodded. "It's definitely that son of a bitch."
“Because you’re both daddy’s boys…” Chuck said.
Dean’s face was about three inches from Chuck’s, but that didn’t bother him. “At least have the courage to fight us for it,” he snarled. “For old times’ sake,” he added for comedic effect.
Behind them, Sam heard Jack very quietly ask Cas if he was alright, and he heard Cas' equally quiet voice brush off the concern. As Sam took another glance at the dried blood on Dean's shoulder, he felt as if he was trespassing something, and he couldn't figure out why he should feel that way. Nonetheless, this felt like a secret, something private and weirdly intimate that he had no business poking his mind into.
what it could be, what– what my true happiness could even look like.” He let out a shaky breath. “I never found an answer, because the one thing I want…” He took a step towards Dean, tears filling his eyes as he broke a smile. “The one thing I want is something I know I can't have. But I think I know now… Happiness isn't in the
A species, once created to obey, was set free. An entity, forever destined to rule, was put out. He who once was the commander of worlds, the center of attention, the ruler of life, had now been reduced to a helpless man. He had become what he once set out to destroy.
"He's fine."
think?”
“Yes. God is killing everyone off. Look, Sam, I don’t have much ti–”
"So, do you have it?" the new Death asked, not giving Michael a chance to refute.
And so, the last chapter has come to an end. But the story continues. What do Dean and Cas do next? How does Sam continue his life? Does he hunt? Does he live the canon life? I'll leave it up to you guys to decide! :) For me, chapter is kind of two epilogues in one – the first is where Dean and Cas are finally together, and the second is with Bobby, giving more of a glance into their future.
“S-so… You–” Dean cleared his throat, feeling whatever the opposites of calm and smooth were. “What do you remember?”
“Of our time in the Empty?”
Now the sound from the car engine pierced through the silence. It was like music to Sam's ears. It was familiarity, it was safety, it was reassurance. As the Impala pulled up, he could finally indulge himself in a moment of relief.
," Michael said in a threatening voice, widening his stance as if preparing for war. Dean saw his eyes flash blue.
right?” he asked, ruining all the sentiment.
"Dean, it's okay, you don't have to apologise. I forgive you,” Cas close to whispered. “Don’t do something you’ll regret.”
Dean accidentally made eye contact with Cas who was looking at them in confusion. Caught off guard, he turned back to his brother. “Sam… uhh… y- you know– I know you’ve been wondering about what happened in the bunker between me and Cas.” He closed his eyes and willed his voice to steady and tears to retreat. Neither obeyed his wishes.
"I think I can locate the sound. We should go," Cas said, hands lingering on Dean’s arms for a second.
The sound of an engine was heard. The tyres against the gravel road echoed in the silence as one black Impala, containing four individuals, drove away. It left behind the former all-mighty, bathing in the dust from the road. From now on, the future would be unscripted. Every action would be true to itself, and every human would tread their own path in life.
“Were you looking for me?” Chuck said. He whisked his hand nonchalantly and sent everyone but the archangel collapsing to the ground. “
“Thank you,” Dean whispered and smiled. He sighed in relief and removed his hand. Slowly, he turned around, finally facing Cas.
Sam huffed and hid the blade inside his jacket. If only it were that simple. “Sounds like a plan." He cleared his throat. "Uhh… Dean, just one more thing. What happened between you and Cas?”
you." He smiled at the memory. "But I’ve changed since then, and so have you. Back when you told me that you…" When his voice broke, he pretended to clear his throat. “I took too much for granted. I've always assumed there would be a tomorrow. But when the Empty came, I realised that you’d be gone. I– I thought that if I could take away your happiness quick enough, the Empty would disappear. Maybe that one selfish act could buy me enough time to tell you all that you deserve to hear–" Dean choked on his last words, despite his best efforts.
. Who else am I supposed to be?” He gave Dean a once-over. "Is head trauma the reason you’re here?”
"Hey, I thought we were buddies," Lucifer protested and pouted.
Dean watched closely as Michael hovered a hand above the book. He could see the concentration on his face, he could feel the power radiating off the book. It was total silence in the room as everyone’s attention was focused on one common goal. For a long time nothing happened. In the end, Michael looked up and shook his head. “I'm sorry.”
"We surrender in exchange for you bringing all the people back."
to you.”
“Guys?” Sam called from the other end of the room, pulling their attention away from the little…
"Yeah, but then… Uhh…" Dean scratched his forehead. "Long story."
The old architecture towered impressively over them, melting into the dark night above. The stone walls echoed their every footstep, leaving no actions unnoticed. All around them, there were constant reminders of where they were, who to praise, and who to love. Dean felt sick to his stomach thinking about how many people had stood before this altar and shown blind faith in someone who couldn’t be less bothered.
to. He’d rather spend an eternity in the Empty with Cas than live on Earth alone. “Listen.”
Cas looked down his arm and indeed there was a slit across his palm from where he'd cut himself to temporarily keep Death away. "Oh. Don't worry about that." With a flick of his hand, the wound was healed and the bruise was gone. The once blood-covered trenchcoat reverted to its impeccable state.
When Jack finally released his grip, Chuck collapsed to the ground, his body not strong enough to keep him upright anymore. Jack looked up, eyes glowing like fire, a bright, golden aura surrounding him. With a snap of his fingers, he’d healed his friend’s wounds.
When Dean glanced at his brother, he could see the look of peace and the smile of relief. He knew he should feel the same, but he didn’t. He felt a disproportionate amount of
Death, the Empty, Dean's weird attempt at a goodbye speech – there were so many things Sam wanted an answer to, but instead, Cas caught his attention. The angel’s left cheek was purple and swollen, his right hand and coat sleeve drenched in blood that had also been smeared in trails around the trenchcoat. "What happened to
“Shhh…” Dean interrupted as Cas’ lips moved against his. He knew he didn’t have to. But he chose to. He
"Hey, what's that supposed to mean?" Bobby protested and pulled away to frown at Dean.
to defy
“I think this is where my story ends.”
Chuck let his head drop and huffed in disbelief, finally coming to a realisation. “I made the mistake of creating a too perfect story.” He looked up at his favourite characters, eyes signalling defeat. “So this is where it ends, huh? This is where you kill me…” He pulled himself off the ground, and kneeled in front of Sam and Dean, in front of his son and grandson.
getting rusty at this, buddy,” Lucifer said and appeared at the other end of the room. Stretching out a hand, he knocked the other archangel to the floor.
“If you zap us both, Billie will follow. You know that.” With panicked movements, Dean had already begun patting his pockets for his phone. He found it in the left one. Fingers shaking so much he could barely unlock the phone, Dean somehow still managed to hit the speed dial. “What’s more important – me or defeating God? Cas,
But I hope you can forgive me <3
Cas always had to win their staring contests. Soon enough, Cas turned back to whatever he’d been studying, and it was like nothing had ever happened.
“Where?” Cas asked.
worlds. In the end it had been just him and Jack left, along with the mere indication of what had once been. As they'd walked outside, an eerie calmness had been there to greet them. Sam and Jack had stared at each other, at a loss for what to do, as panic and despair threatened to prevail. But as if sensing their distress, Dean had called a second time, saying three simple words.
Cas had been wrong.
much,” Dean cooed and ran his fingers along the smooth surface of the Impala. “I bet you’ve missed me too.”
“Hello, Sam,” Cas said as he leaned in and spoke into the phone. “This is Cas. Don’t mind what Dean said. He will see you shortly.”
As Cas lowered his gaze, Dean took the opportunity to glance backwards again. He saw the black entity slowly retreating.
?” Dean could hear the confusion in Sam's voice.
was heard. “
come to
At first, Sam saw nothing. They stood in front of a restaurant, as empty and lifeless as everything else around them. A couple of tables and chairs were tipped over, no doubt from the panic arisen when people had started disappearing. "What are we looking for?"
Sam smiled and blushed a little. “Yeah, I think so.”
“Cas, what are you doing?” Dean whispered all the while never breaking eye contact. What the hell was the dude doing? Dean could hear the words, he could intellectually understand the words, but he couldn’t
In his peripheral vision, Dean saw Cas get sent into a wall closely followed by Michael running towards Lucifer, only for the latter to zap out of reach. Michael spun around, eyes glowing and hands sending out a ball of energy. But it was to no avail – Lucifer once again zapped out of the way, and what was aimed at him hit the wall behind.
was the only way it could end.
"This is Betty," Lucifer said with pride in his voice as he admired his prey.
The moment the door opened, Sam's eyes widened and his face fell. Dean instantly knew something was wrong.
"Wait for it," Lucifer whispered as the silence dragged on.
Lucifer immediately held his hands up. "Alright, calm down,
As Lucifer approached Jack – the only other person standing up in the room – Dean saw Sam take the opportunity to shuffle towards Michael. He smiled to himself, because he knew exactly what his brother was up to.
"I think I-  Wait a minute…” He frowned, staring down with concentration written all over his face. “I feel… I feel something. Something close by.”
Dean felt a hand grab his pants. He pulled free from the grip and turned around. Looking down, Chuck was lying on the ground. “Killing people – that’s who you are. But that’s not
“You really think that God's the one doing all of this?" Jack asked.
“I have some plans for both Heaven and Earth,” Jack said. He thought for a while, trying to find the right words. “Nobody should need to pray or sacrifice to me anymore,” he said at last. “Chuck put himself in the story – that was his mistake. I will always be present, always make sure Heaven and Earth are running smoothly, but I won't be hands on. The answers won’t be in me, they’ll be in each and every one of you. As long as everyone believe in their own goodness, their actions cannot be blamed.”
“Were you, uh… doing some reading?” Sam glanced at the books that Cas had earlier been going through.
“Then what? I asked you to run, Cas. I
to give it to him.”
make a goodbye speech. But he also didn't
back, we kill God – whatever it takes.”
Dean shook his head and smiled. He hadn’t realised until now how much he’d missed this Bobby – the version who was sarcastic, sardonic, gruff, chronically unamused, and harsh on the outside but soft on the inside. “Never mind. As I said, long story.”
He got no reaction.
“Listen for what?” Cas asked softly.
"Okay, the end of God is in the special book, and if you give Betty the book, Betty can read–"
“No, Dean. This is the only way, and you know it.” Cas slowly exhaled and prepared himself for the big finale. “I know… I know how you see yourself, Dean. You think hate and anger, that's… That's what drives you. But it's not, and everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done – the good and the bad – you have done for love, because that’s who you are.”
Sam still wasn’t following, but his vision was blurry because Dean was crying and something was wrong. “What’s his happiness?”
The light disappeared as abruptly as it had appeared. Blended by the brightness, Dean, Sam, Cas, and Michael stood in anticipation, waiting for something to happen. But nothing changed. The world was left as deserted as before.
“Yeah. The thing is, it's kind of late in the game. I mean, you
“Alright,” Dean said in the end, because even if he wasn’t brave enough to go with his heart, he could at least solve the problems in his mind. “We need to find a way out of here. Let’s go.”
When Michael’s eyes glowed bright blue, Dean saw that as their chance. He elbowed Sam in the side. “Showtime,” he whispered. Together, they walked towards Lucifer. However, they were sent flying backwards within seconds, crushing into shelves and chairs. The impact made Dean wince, but the pain was worth it. Things finally seemed to go their way.
to be special in every possible way. Dean flung an arm around Cas' neck and pulled him in for a kiss on the cheek. He could only smile more when the angel in his arms blushed violently. Dean thought the reddish colour suited him. It contrasted his otherwise stoic expression very nicely, and was beautiful combined with the ocean blue eyes.
In that moment, Dean
Dean wiped his face with his hand and ignored the warning. "Cas, we've been through a lot together, you and I. First time we met, I
“Stop it. I can’t let you do this. I can't let you give up all that you've fought for."
Sam firmly stepped forward. “Alright, well, one for the road.” He punched Chuck hard in the face, but then winced in pain.
“It’s okay. You have me now,” Cas whispered back, tightening his arms around his human. “I’m yours, Dean.”
“I’ll be damned…” Bobby slowly stepped out of the house. He tentatively stretched out a hand, as if not trusting his own eyes. But as soon as he came in physical contact with Dean’s arm, he pulled him in for a tight hug.
“What, you’re gonna quit hunting?” If half of Sam’s mind had been elsewhere before, Dean certainly had his full attention now.
“Shut the fuck up,” Dean said through gritted teeth, trying to collect himself and steady his quivering voice. He
forest – probably one of the most romantic places in the universe – sitting close enough to share oxygen molecules. But when Cas decided to turn his head around, it was all in vain. Green met blue as Dean found himself staring into a pair of eyes. He swallowed. Those ocean blue eyes were his biggest weakness, the key to his heart and soul. They held an entire world within, and he could spend hours exploring, always finding new things, never getting bored. Dean wondered if their joint colour would be turquoise. It was a nice colour.
"In the flesh," Lucifer said and twirled around. "Looking great, don't you think?"
"You're gonna let a dog sit in the
Sam looked up from his phone. “Dean? What are we doing?” he mouthed.
wasn’t the way things were supposed to end.
But for now, thank you so much for reading, and I really hope you liked the story! <3
"He got into a fight with Death," Dean said at the same time as Cas said "I tripped".
“That’s the plan,” Sam said curtly. “See for yourself.”
"Sam, what's wrong?" Dean was immediately on his feet, running after his brother. He heard chairs scrape against the floor as the others followed.
The Empty had retreated, back to its realm far beyond those brick walls. Death was gone. Silence covered the room. There was something ringing, but that was probably just Dean's ears.
“Because this is where we end.” As Cas closed his eyes, the pent-up tears flowed down his cheeks. He opened his eyes and smiled. “I
me. So we're done. I'm canceling your show.”
Alright, so next chapter I'm really excited, but very nervous, to share with you guys. I really hope you'll like it.
. Here I come in peace to help you take down God, and this is what I get?” He sighed, mood switching abruptly as years of wrongdoing came to mind. “Well, maybe that one’s on me for being a dick. Michael, no need to look so smug.”
Cas seemed to understand the unfinished question nonetheless. “We’re not on Earth anymore,” he answered, still not looking up. “What do
to face what’s coming.”
…” Lucifer grinned at Jack. “You're gonna have to make a decision now. Dump the losers and join gramps and me on the winning team, or… Yeah, there isn’t really much of a decision here, because this is the only way you're getting out of here alive. You're not strong enough to…”
"Don't tell me you're going to trust
The earth was spinning, a thousand miles per hour. Time was ticking, one second at a time. But on a very specific spot, located in a forest of another dimension, everything stood still. In this place, nothing else mattered. It was just Dean and Cas, finally together. Their bond drove chills away, joining bodies and warming souls. It gave life and energy and a whole new meaning to existence.
“But I know that you are good.” Dean put his hand on Jack’s shoulder, making sure the kid knew the truth. “You take care of this earth, and you take care of my brother, okay?"
Dean gently shook the shoulder he’d been lying on. “Cas,” he said. “Cas, wake up.”
“Your powers are
"Sam, he's tired. Just let it go, okay?" Dean's voice left no room for discussion. "We’ve kind of got more pressing matters at hand right now."
, this was happening. “All this time I could’ve had you, but I never reached for you,” he whispered, because he also felt stupid. For years, a part of him had been missing – a part that had been there all along. If only he’d asked for it…
Chuck seemed to think about the suggestion, weighing his options. “What the heck. I can get my hands dirty this one last time,” he said indifferently, releasing his grip. “I mean, you
…” Realization seemed to hit him. “I hope you two are just here on one of them missions.”
?” he asked.
Dean inhaled. He took in Sam’s warmth, his smell, his height, his strength – everything his senses could pick up on were stored in his memories. In the end, he forced himself to let go. He forced himself to let go of the hug so he could take one final look at his brother. Meeting Sam’s eyes, Dean smiled in that reassuring way he’d always done when they were kids. He smiled in a way that had always given Sam comfort.
you to run. It was a foolproof plan. But you just had to stay and play the hero, didn’t you? Because you are too
“Yeah, the kid made some changes here. This ain't just reliving your dreams anymore. Heaven is what it always should’ve been – everyone happy, being together in the same place.”
this is Heaven, do you think it was Jack who pulled us out of the Empty?”
"It's Eileen," was all Sam said as he ran up the stairs, three steps at a time.
“All the people,” Jack said. “It doesn’t matter which universe – they’re all gone. God took them all.”
"Dean,
(See the end of the chapter for
But Cas didn’t explain.
This was really tricky to write, and I've made about a thousand changes, so I apologise in advance for any mistakes/incoherencies.
? I don’t know what you’re doing, but I order you to stop it, Cas.”
“What did he say?” Cas asked.
“I always wondered…” Cas said as he turned around, pointedly ignoring Dean’s question. “Ever since I took that burden – that curse – I
“You sure his powers won’t come back?” Sam asked, eyeing Jack as they towered over the former God.
“Nothing. Come here for a second.” Dean gestured with his hand.
“Alright, it’s done. Let’s light it up,” Sam said and looked up, pulling Dean from his reverie. He lit a match and let it fall down into the bowl on the ground.
, okay? It’s
So that's the chapter. I have a feeling you either love me or hate me right now, and I really hope it's not the latter.
Finally. I apologise for the delay. I had planned for chapter 3 to be about s15e19, but the chapter ended up longer than I'd anticipated, so I decided to split it (you might have noticed the increased total amount of chapters).
But was it possible? An aftershock of doubt washed over him. Was it possible for an Angel of the Lord to feel what humans felt? To feel so acutely, so strongly, so richly? Did Dean all these years complicate something that was in its true form so beautiful yet so simple? Had it in fact been within Dean's reach all along, but never been grasped? Could they really have been–
Dean's brow furrowed. What the
Dean stared down at the woman, at a loss for what to do. So much had happened in one day that his brain had stopped reacting to all the atrocities. What the hell were they even doing siding with Satan?
"Don't be scared, Sammy.” Dean smiled. “You never were. Out of the two of us, you’ve always been the bravest. I remember wh–”
Sam raised his eyebrows.
“Father,” Michael said, his face lighting up.
I'm also kind of worried that my chapters addressing s15e19 are too dragged-out and too canon, but I couldn't think of a way to make the story work without these scenes. What I instead tried to do in all of these chapters was to describe Dean's internal dialogue, because that's something the show never gave us. And provided you haven't repressed the episode, you might be able to deduce that my writing of s15e19 is coming to an end. After that, things can hopefully move along.
“We really should go,” Cas whispered in the end, half-heartedly attempting to be rational, but making no move to end the hug.
Betty sighed. "Wow, slower than they look."
Dean felt Cas stir after a long time of their breathing being the only movements. “No, don’t go,” he whispered, content with standing there forever.
"That's… one of Death's books." Michael frowned as he inspected the black binding. He lightly ran his fingers over the golden symbols protruding from the cover.
"Come with me," Sam said and started walking.
!” Dean exclaimed, rushing over to his beloved car. “What are you doing here?” He turned around, eyes sparkling. ”Cas, look. Baby’s here.”
“I’m… getting there,” Jack answered with a concentrated frown. “This new power is very… different. I’m experimenting.” As he talked, a car – complete with driver and all – appeared in the oncoming lane.
"Well, God's probably ready to make a move–" Dean was interrupted by Sam's phone ringing. He and Sam frowned as their confused eyes met. There shouldn't be any people left to call them. “Maybe he already made that move.”
His mind protested, but Dean followed when Cas started walking. And despite missing the contact, the trek soon became quite enjoyable. Now, Dean's eyes were able to take up what his body had felt.
Cas was beautiful, and breathtakingly so, even with his hair sticking up in all directions and coat being all wrinkly. Dean had never noticed it before, and he wondered how blind he must have been. Who didn’t see perfection when it was put in front of their eyes? Because Cas equalled perfection, and this absolutely wasn’t Dean being biased – it was a universally accepted fact. There wasn't a single thing about Cas that wasn’t perfect. Not a flaw could be found anywhere from his gentle voice to his gorgeous features to the movements of his body as he graciously walked through the forest.
“I think we’re close to a road,” Cas murmured against Dean’s lips. “I hear a car.”
There were (mainly) two things I changed in this chapter that bugged me in the actual episode – 1) Why did Lucifer just disappear like that after he was killed? and 2) If God's death book had been in Enochian, why didn't they just ask Michael to read it?
Michael’s eyes immediately darkened.
"Oh, would you guys relax? It was a joke. Would you really have opened if you knew it was me? Come on, where's your sense of humor?" Lucifer put his face close to Sam. "I'm so sorry for your loss," he whispered and winked.
“Yes. I see that,” Cas said and calmly walked up to the car.
“Of course I'm sure. I'm Death.”
They were gathered around the table – Dean and Jack on one side, Sam and Cas on the other. In his hands, Sam held what was for them probably the most important book in the universe right now. This was the book that held the end, the way in which God dies, the possible solution to freedom. Dean watched Sam carefully as his brother put the book down in front of Michael. He couldn't believe that they'd actually managed to track down and bring an archangel back to the bunker.
So that settled it, then. Both of them clearly remembered what had happened, but neither really knew how to acknowledge it. Dean was at a loss for what to do. Sometimes Cas said these simplistic things that went straight to his heart and rendered him speechless. What was he supposed to answer? What was he supposed to do? Both literally and figuratively – where did they go from here?
When Dean turned around, Cas was staring at him in disbelief. “Dean,
Dean shrugged nonchalantly, trying to sound like he wasn’t a five-year-old having his first crush. “Yeah. Or– or you know… just generally.”
“What?
And finally, Sam could see what was hiding behind that table. It was a–
“I'm sure he's aware I took your side against him. I've avoided using any powers that might attract his attention. How did the four of you manage?”
They had been lying down, Dean’s head on Cas’ shoulder, tightly pressed together in the middle of the most beautiful nature ever beheld by human eyes. Tall, majestic pine trees that constituted a forest towered above them, their branches gilded by the sunlight shining through. The air was fresh, almost sweet in smell. Fallen pine cones and needles covered the ground in patches of brown amongst green, thriving vegetation. Birds were skillfully flying between treetops, and once in a while, insects danced in the air.
Dean flinched as another
"Sammy, check it out," Dean said with the biggest, stupidest grin Sam had ever seen on his face as he cradled a dog in his arms. "Whoever thought finding a dog would feel like a miracle?"
“Cas,” Dean tried again. “Come on, wake up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you for reading <3
Dean’s heart almost skipped a beat. “A-and do you– do you… you know… Do you still…” He couldn’t even say the last words, because he was too nervous and embarrassed to ask.
Dean felt his eyes water. “I’ve always looked up to you, because you have the brains, and you have the guts, and I don’t think I’ve ever told you that before.”
"Hello, boys." Chuck was grinning and waving with one hand.
“Uhh… long story,” Dean said and scratched the back of his head. “We kind of… saved Earth. It’s complicated. But Bobby, I thought you were in…”
In the moments that followed, Dean and Sam got up on their feet, facing Chuck with determination. They were in the home stretch now.
“I’m just happy,” Cas whispered back.
“Sorry,” Jack said. “I didn’t mean for it to appear here.”
“Cas, I don’t know where we are.”
“So, what, this is like Earth on steroids?” Dean asked.
For the first time, Cas averted his eyes. It was an uncharacteristic reaction for someone who’d unashamedly stared at Dean for so many years. He looked down and poked at a fallen pine cone with his foot. “I… I remember everything you said, if that’s what you’re wondering,” he answered at last, mumbling very quietly.
. It's in just
“I need to be sure, Dean.” Cas’ fingers fiddled with a button on his trench coat. “You mean too much to me for there to be any doubt. Both were… very convincing.”
. I mean, picture it, the two of you, your little lapdog Jack, and the ever-so-loyal angel – all four of you rotting on a lifeless planet, knowing it's this way because
“Well, I–I thought that maybe– I don’t know, maybe our time in the Empty… made you forget?” It was illogical. Dean knew it even before he said it. Still, the doubt was there.
Then finally, after zigzagging between the buildings and a last sharp turn to the right, Jack stopped. He closed his eyes and concentrated on his target. "Yes. It's here."
? I thought you went after Billie?"
I hope I never have to say this again, but writing about Lucifer was surprisingly fun. I had to split the chapter (again!) because I discovered that it was so much longer than all the other chapters.
. “Out of the forest,” he tried to clarify, only making things worse. Resigned, he turned around and started walking before more stupid things came out of his mouth.
Streets lay empty before them, vacant shops and restaurants lined up on both sides. Walking through the forsaken town felt other-wordly, because this couldn’t possibly be Earth. Earth was filled with life, with movements, with sounds, and this had none of it. This was a bizarre, alien place that once had been at its height of civilization, majestically basking in glory, but now wasn’t even a shadow of its former self.
, my baby brother.” For a long time, his arms wouldn’t move. Dean didn’t want to let go, because once he did, it would be over. He wondered why life was so unfair. Why the bad hands were repeatedly dealt to them. This time it wasn’t God, yet the universe had forced upon him a crossroad with no return.
Heaven. It feels different. But it’s…
. “Dean, I don’t want you to go,” Sam whispered, blinking away his tears, and leaning into Dean’s hand placed above his heart.
"Cas," Dean said. "Wh- when she comes through that door…" He physically wasn't able to finish the sentence. What was he supposed to say?
now."
Dean was aware that he on multiple occasions over the last years, and especially the past months, hadn’t treated Cas well. He’d always blamed it on disagreements, but maybe it had been a subconscious choice out of fear – a fear of questioning his very own core values. Maybe Dean had started pushing Cas away because he was afraid of what he actually felt. Maybe he was scared of his fundamental beliefs changing. It didn't matter which scenario was true – all he came to realise was that Cas had become too important to him. Dean, however, didn’t have another chance to delve into his new-found insights, because Betty entered the room.
“Dean,” Castiel halted him, trying not to let his unadulterated adoration show. “I love them. Thank you.”
There was a beat of silence at first as Castiel maneuvered the car to a right turn, before it snapped and Dean spluttered with laughter and Castiel cracked up along with him. It became uncontrollable, and Castiel willed himself to settle down from the simple hilarity.
Dean also wondered how deeply Castiel could make him feel, watching him share his compassion with anyone and anything. But when Castiel rose to his feet, instead of saying something regarding his wretched
“The earthquakes are getting worse. This one felt so debilitating. The last time I could still walk. Tonight, you’ve witnessed me in my most impotent form.” Castiel turned away. “I am sorry you had to see that.”
Gabriel swallowed his food. “You should come over for dinner sometime. That is after I pry her away from gossiping like old ladies with dad and remind her what
He gulped. “Uhm. Well, lately I’ve been tinkering in the development of the soul in the human lifespan. You’d think we’d know by now the works and makings of a soul, but really, we haven’t scratched the surface. I estimate only 10% of all soul knowledge to be deciphered, and I do believe the study of its maturation could be a fundamental element.”
Castiel turned his box for Dean to see. “I told you. Extra fries.”
“We are wasting valuable time. Can you just lead the way to your car?”
Dean regarded him thoughtfully. “Are you preemptively deciding that you don’t like babies because you’re scared of being rejected by them?”
“I socialize with Balthazar,” he contended halfheartedly.
Castiel stopped that train of thought before it could materialize.
When he was an arm’s reach away from the door, his eyes dropped to his shoes. It seemed like. . . As though he was acting. . .
Castiel egressed, and Dean was following suit when the chancellor caught his arm, not for the first time.
Spotting Jack’s collar that went off-kilter from the hug, she fixed it with both hands, bopping her finger on his nose after. Jack’s lips gave a valiant twitch. “I missed you, too, Aunt Rowena.”
Dean smiled at that, pleased, and they ended up just staring at each other with goofy grins and faint giggles.
AC/DC blared on the stereo. Dean didn’t reply. He was focused on the road (that’s a first).
Castiel blew a raspberry. “It’s going to be a long night. The staff usually comes by around 7 a.m.”
“Keep it. So you can remember me next time.”
The young man pondered at Castiel’s suggestion, caught between wanting to see more interaction between Castiel and Dean, maybe become a witness to their budding romance, if his Uncle Gabe was right.
It was Castiel who advanced to the room first, holding the lever handle and crooking his wrist to open it. Dean made a disgruntled noise when Castiel entered impetuously without so much as confirming with him, apparently ignoring the ten-minute PTSD episode they had just experienced from the earthquake. Not to mention if it had weakened the infrastructure.
“Gabe, she lives with you. Technically her time is spent more with you than any other person.” Gabriel rolled his eyes. “Thanks for the input.”
He was all too familiar with regret.
“It’s Latin for ‘supernatural,’” elucidated Castiel. “It’s actually a serial but the publisher only agreed to a single book.”
The chancellor looked contemplative as he continued, “It has always been believed that nature had been angry because people were wasting souls, and as a result, wasted away. People in that era were on the brink of mass hedonism. Taking souls, unable to give in return. It was the ultimate transgression.”
“Shut up.” He yawned, absentmindedly brushing the fur of the stuffed cat, Tuna, beside him on shotgun.
“This is genius, Cas.” With his grin, Castiel’s anxiety eased. They went to the entrance, giving their stubs, and it was uphill from there.
Dean hadn’t realized he had closed his eyes until he opened them. He wore an intoxicated smile, already thinking of ways to bare his gratitude to the taller boy.
“Alright, Mrs. Lopez, I’ll have them ready for you by opening. Of course. Always, Mrs. Lopez; you know me. Enjoy the rest of your day, and I look forward to seeing you tomorrow.”
Dean smirked.
“Gabriel happened,” he sighed at the memory. “He thought it funny to give me a fake burger. The patty was artificially made of rubber and when I attempted to eat it, it spurted water down my throat.” Dean choked on his soda and began hacking. Castiel looked at him in reproach. “It was a very traumatic experience.”
row may have suggested that i went too far
Castiel shook his head, face shifting to amusement. “No one’s parted with a soul piece before they’ve turned 18, Dean. If there were, they’d probably amount to a number you can count on one hand.”
They almost went at each other before Dean clenched his fists, willing himself to relax, calmly remind the pestilent man that they made a truce not to drive each other crazy, said that he was going to order Chinese, and if Castiel didn’t want any, he could serve himself a large helping of malnutrition.
There had also been a quivering, nagging sensation that couldn’t be approximated where exactly; he could just feel it. It was familiar, yet entirely different at the same time. It complemented the euphoric bustle, like butter to bread or day to night.
• • •
“We’re not lovers.”
Dean took an enormous bite out of his burger, earning a disbelieving look from Castiel. “How do you even fit that in your mouth?”
“Dean?”
There in the photo were three men, all looking prime and young. A man that resembled the humongous portrait in the Chamber of History on the left, a man similar to the cogent painting in the chancellor’s office in the middle but younger, and a black man already sporting a mustache on the right. They were in front of a truck with what looked like a dilapidated junkyard as the background.
Jenny held Castiel’s finger with both of her tiny hands and looked up at him, amazing Castiel at how shiny her eyes were and how her chubby cheeks were pink-tinged.
“Yeah?”
She held the door open for Dean, moving with grace and purpose. He walked in to see the largest office in the building, and the most elaborate.
Dean was caught off guard in the sudden shift in mood, hurrying to complete the tab and scrambled to follow the man already out the door.
Dean was already mentally cursing at himself, not noticing the sidelong look Castiel gave Jack, speaking volumes for him.
Dean got up from his seat, telling Castiel that he needed to get something from the Impala. When he returned five minutes later, a sizeable lamp was lit, hanging from one of his hands, the amber illumination swathing their space.
After paying for it, Dean headed to the exit, and Castiel followed suit only to strengthen his resolve.
Dean was indignant. “We don’t have time for this, Ca—”
“Garth Fitzgerald IV. Born 1983 in Missouri. His maternal great-great-great uncle is Bobby. Mother died when he was 10 years old. Married and a father of one, currently residing in Wichita.”
that you’re not my type?”
“Good morning, Dean.” He took his seat on one of the kitchen stools by the counter, and he missed Dean’s smug smile before he continued fixing up breakfast.
Dean’s shoulders relented at Castiel’s semi-admittance, and even Garth paused to watch the exchange, both in vigilance and curiosity. “Only one way to find out.”
His eyes flicked up at him, neck heating up at the thought of being caught leering.
“What?”
Gabriel took another cupcake. “No, I just told him the footage was taken and not erased. I left him to do the legwork.”
“What he means to say is that, were there any stories that you were told about anything related to Bobby or things soul? Something that could help us know if there are people out there who had grudges or whatnot? Anything ring a bell?”
for the rest of his life, apparently.
“I meant the earthquakes. I trust you know what earthquakes used to entail before the 20th century.”
Before Dean could answer, Castiel had pried him to the Ferris wheel, and he was instantly on board.
He could even envision Dean so heartbroken, so anguished, having to bury his family while he remained unwarrantedly youthful—youthful yet so empty. Could he really—really
Dr. Shurley hummed. “But only the sanitary staff and security have keys to that room.”
And he whirled his gaze onto Castiel, who was experiencing the moment with childlike wonder. And for a moment, Dean thought maybe if he were brave enough, he could find the right words to say.
Doesn’t matter that no one was gonna love him, what with his dissident opinions and acerbic personality. He could manage.
“That’s—that’s good, brother.” Dean went to his side, taking a chair and sitting on it.
“Nope, no time. This way.”
Gabriel probably deserved a better friend than him.
The tremors stopped.
“Well, I am their oldest professor. And probably the oldest person they know. Aside from the chancellor, of course,” he answered, careful to watch his step.
“Cassie? You still there? Having your first-first date jitters?”
They laid taciturn and comfortable on the wall of the Chamber of History the whole night, save for Dean’s occasional question and Castiel’s new plans for the reconstruction of the entire soul paradigm.
Dean sighed and stepped forward once, and Castiel took long steps back in hopes to move away.
When it was closing time and Castiel, trench coat on, went for the door, he absolutely did not expect the bundle of purples slipped on the handle. He gasped in tender surprise, and his mind instantly assumed the worst (well, best). His heart thudded against his chest as he reached for the hydrangeas wrapped around twine.
Dean probably discovered every nook and cranny of the house by now, so when his friend asked him not to let the house burn while he was away in Europe, Dean could only smirk.
“Unless Dean-o has been rubbing off on you?”
And the rose on it.
I'd like to give my thanks to my beta,
“The first time I experienced an earthquake, it was during a class of mine. The period was about to end when I noticed the table was shaking just as I felt a wave of vertigo overcome me. I saw flashes of my mother, dying, then myself at a hospital corridor, but all the while I could hear my students clambering to evacuate the room. I couldn’t move, but I still had some degree of cognizance during the occurrence.”
Dean placed his hands on Castiel’s arm, attempting to judder him into awareness. When Castiel didn’t respond to his touch, he resorted to pulling Castiel into his arms for a semblance of comfort, but found the position quite awkward. He flashed his phone around and saw the nearest wall. Dean wiggled towards it, towing Castiel with him, and he stowed his back onto the concrete. Castiel was heavier than he expected, but he dragged him by his arms and carefully laid the man’s head on his lap as he continued to keen, so that the back of Castiel’s head faced Dean’s stomach.
They began their ascent when Dean remembered the brown-haired doctor’s words.
Dean let his head loll to his shoulder, grinning at Castiel from ear-to-ear before sighing and turning nostalgic.
Dean was revitalized at the invitation, but Castiel looked somewhat nervous, as though Dean would turn him down.
“Honey, the FBI are here!” Bess called to the house. Castiel tried his best not to turn his nose up at the endearment. Surely a bee’s produce deserved more accolade.
“Fancy seeing you here, Agent Dean-o!” He strode up next to Dean and looked out the campus. “Enjoying the view? Although I have a much prettier view to recommend you, and he’s just a floor below us.” He winked.
That was what continued to haunt him.
The sun had already departed when the Impala halted abruptly at the parking lot of Singer Hall. The roads were shrouded by a dark hue, and there were much fewer students around, those remaining talking rather loudly about their Friday plans and weekend agendas.
They reached the stairs to the building and began walking up. “I read that the footage was tampered with. Who has access to those and where can I find them?” Dean asked, purposely avoiding the family drama. He didn’t do family drama, nor any kind of drama for that matter.
“The Silver Fragment, as it is officially known, is a small glass orb that could fit in the palm of your hand that cocoons the remnants of Robert “Bobby” Singer’s last piece of soul. Mostly it’s just traces, swirls of silver. It’s not technically a soul piece, as most people erroneously call it, but it’s the closest thing we have to glimpsing the genuine form of a soul. People all around the states that come to visit the Silver Fragment often report differing feelings when facing it; mostly positive feelings like contentment or peace. It’s been a modern tradition that one must visit the Chamber of History in KU at least once in their life,” Castiel explained in what Dean liked to call ‘Professor Mode’ when he had asked him what he knew about the soul piece.
“Care to tell me how that was a shortcut?”
It was Castiel’s lead after all, and Dean would gladly let the events tonight unfold as they were. He found himself bending suspiciously easy to Castiel’s will since he moved in.
“No, Cas,” he interrupted hastily, stealing a glance at the man, not fully committing to a look for fear of erupting into pathetic tears.
“Whoever was in the building has probably evacuated, Dean,” Castiel quietly surmised, and Dean let his forehead touch the varnished timber for a while before curtly grabbing his wallet from his suit jacket and pulling out a credit card, kneeling to level his gaze at the lockset. He inserted the card in the groove between the two doors and prodded it harriedly.
He felt all rational thought abandon him once more, like they had that afternoon. He felt his blood pulsing a little bit faster.
Dean grinned goofily at him. “I’d be lost without you, Cas.”
“. . .
Castiel gasped brokenly, clambering to his feet and hurtling back to the private room as fast as his feet could take him. Stopping abrasively against the doorway, a man in a white coat was folding a blanket over his mother’s face.
Before Castiel knew what was going on, he was pulled to his feet by Dean who grabbed his wrist. Dean hoped the blood rushing to his face wasn’t noticeable, because he was holding Castiel’s hand as he gave him a sparkler.
Castiel met Dean’s open stare, and with a nervous gulp, he gave a short nod.
He squinted at Acorn. “Well, he does look like a Dean.”
And Castiel thought his stomach could sink no lower.
The man didn’t lose his grin at Castiel’s maladroit social skills.
“No, sorry, agent.” He shook his head. “I think, though, I still have some old pictures. How about that?”
Castiel shook his head, positioning his forearms against the table’s side. “Nonsense. I’m fine and perfectly capable of rendering my services. Now what do you need?”
“I wanted to say I’m—ah!”
“Believe me, agent, I’ve got no motive and opportunity to steal the fragment. I’m happily married and Soulshifted; my wife and neighbors can vouch that I was at our monthly gathering the night it was stolen.”
“Absolutely not a date,” he whispered to himself, eyes shut and a hand disheveling his hair in annoyance.
“Tell me about it,” Dean muttered. But before they could fall back into silence, he huffed a laugh, “What are the odds of finding you at the same bar I’d be going to?” He smirked.
He hadn’t even noticed that they were both staring at each other. Castiel looked away briskly and devoured the last of his meal. His second one within the last thirty minutes. Huh, first time for everything.
“Essentially, what you won was a free game.”
“I’m just. It’s complicated. You’ll hate me, Cas.”
Kevin nodded, and then left them virtually alone.
“I can’t be your partner, I don’t have a fake badge like yours—”
“Creativity. Yes. Creativity, and majesty. You have a keen eye.”
Dean’s hand fell away from his back as Castiel shot up straight, whirling around to see the man exhaustedly reposed on the wall, the other hand on the phone giving off the only illumination. Dean’s head quirked at Castiel’s widened eyes. “I don’t know about you, but after that run-in with nature’s fury, I feel like I can sleep for a week.”
Leave a kudos on your way (and a comment while you're at it). I would love to know what you think so far.
Menace started to build within Dean. He glared at the dark-haired man. “This is my hometown. You can’t run me out of here.”
He bumped his shoulder to Castiel’s lightly. “Give yourself a little credit, Cas. All your sleepless nights and hard work: you did that. You brought yourself that success.” He shrugged. “With some help.”
Pressing the
The chair finally turned a hundred and eighty degrees, revealing a greying man in a deep blue suit that looked like it cost Dean’s car, and a black waistcoat that complemented it nicely. The crinkles in his face were the prominent differences between him and the eldest man in the portrait, but his blue, masterful eyes were unmistakable.
“Yes, I was. I only traversed to Kansas after my mother passed away.”
Dean bristled, swallowed, then signaled to the server, holding up a finger, “A beer, please.” She nodded and went to the backroom.
Castiel cocked his head in confusion. “Whom are you referring to? Gabriel?”
“This is closer to the ground than a plane. Stop judging me.”
Castiel mirrored it. “Don’t worry, Dean. I have faith.” He stood to his two feet, ducking his head, suddenly shy.
“What makes you say that?” inquired Dean.
He let the grin emerge by half, speaking through his lashes. “You don’t know how much that means to me, Dean.”
“Although I don’t think things are going the way you want them to.”
It was now or never.
Perhaps it was a good thing that Dean sensed his unease through his half-opened eye and consequently patted the space of linoleum beside him, urging Castiel to take it. When he registered the gesture, his eyes flitted to Dean’s, questioning and dewy. Dean nodded his head to the spot with a lopsided smile.
Castiel took the information in stride this time. “Then most of your soul-giving must have started and revolved during the normal adulthood. That’s good. At least we had something right.”
“So. . . You’ve never, um, like been with anyone before? In your century of existence?” he pried, the thought still seeming ridiculous in his mind. How can anyone, in a soul-oriented world, not have given a piece of his soul and accepted one in turn? Maybe he was aromantic.
“Dean, I. . .” he began, the man directing his head to him. “I know I said some things. . . Some hurtful things to you. And I’m sorry. It’s not right for me to judge you, especially as I don’t wholly know you. When you came into town, I admit I felt threatened by your strangeness and unfamiliarity, not to mention your immortality, but it had stirred old mechanisms and behaviors in me. That was unfair. For that, I apologize.”
There was a shattering of glass, distant and illusive. Dean almost didn’t hear it over the cries of his baby brother, hugging him tautly by his middle as John and Mary’s fight reverberated overhead like a stereo. Dean tried soothing Sam, but he himself already had tears pooling in the corners of his eyes. How could he help him when he couldn’t even help himself?
Drop a comment and tell me your thoughts. A kudos doesn't sound bad, either. :>
“He gave up that piece to the earth in a small town—now Lawrence City—and witnesses said they had seen the earth swallow him whole, leaving only a vestige, a memento that he had ever been there, a memory of what he gave up and what that meant—”
“I am not scared of infants. They’re small and puny.” Garth snickered. “Again, no offense,” Castiel griped. Garth held his hands up defensively. “None taken.”
“Would you look at that,” he whistled, feigning deafness and flipping through some papers.
“He rarely sees babies. Sorry.”
What a beautiful thing hope is. Even with the callousness of cement and the saturated heat of it from the sun, undulating in waves, the flower fought with valor. It hoped and it hoped that one day everything would make sense. That even in the most desolate of days, hope can bring you to places you never thought possible. The daisy’s shy petals and yellow florets held itself up in pride, and it was the perfect picture of life.
Dean let out a lengthy breath, and he even missed the fact that it was the first time Dr. Shurley called him by his first name. “That was an intense history lecture.”
—to prepare breakfast for both of them, but give him a break. The last time he attempted breakfast was in the last millennium. Fortunately, Dean had woken up from the clang of the frying pan when Castiel had dropped it, and he saved him from further humiliation.
It was their third fight of that week. It was becoming unbearable. Dean could only take his younger brother Sammy’s clammy hand and assure his worried frown that everything was gonna be okay before they shot out the door faster than you could say custody rights.
Dean warmed at the gesture.
Dean was left standing in the middle of the room, the old man still turned away.
“Well, those guys you can find on the third floor. But you’re going to the fifth floor if you wanna see my father first. He can help you with anything you need with the investigation,” replied Gabriel as they went through the glass doors of the edifice and traipsed across the hall past the lobby and front desk. The short man gave a wink to the attendant’s direction, making her giggle.
“You’re looking—”
The man looked to his lap, but Dean already caught sight of the small smile playing on his lips.
Unable to fully commit, Dean asked, “You really believe that? That people can be saved? That I—I can change?”
He sighed. “Yeah, I’m fine. I just—nothing, it’s nothing.”
They never really left. Only drowned.
“I’m actually kind of tired, Cas. But you guys enjoy that pizza.”
Earnestly, Castiel smiled at the man. “Of course we’re friends.”
Castiel drew a long sigh as he went to the frontmost area of the sanctum. “I don’t understand. Could we have just. . . imagined it?”
Castiel contemplated a moment before answering, “I mean I have all the data. All I need to do is to consolidate it to a 30-minute address, more or less. I’ve never had this much difficulty in constructing a speech. Maybe it’s because of the new knowledge, and everything is going to change after the talk, and the pressure is sort of bearing down on me and—” He stopped, staring down at his meal. “It’s just—it’s big. I want it to count.”
He had talked about how Rowena and Gabriel fitted each other perfectly, and that no one would tolerate Gabriel’s childishness but Rowena, and he had found himself meaning it.
He flinched at his own crassness, and Dean’s brows flew to his hairline.
