“That is absolutely incorrect,” Harry said, her voice breaking. “There is no one in this entire world that could possibly replace you, Sherlock Holmes.”
At the beginning of the explanation, people were beginning to squirm in their seats, uncomfortable. By the end of the explanation, some people seemed to be angry – enraged that they fought in this battle for freedom just to be locked up forever. Sherlock wasn’t angry at all though – he was scared. He was going to be asked thirty-two questions about anything – there were thirty-two chances for someone to ask if he was high – and if he answered incorrectly, or differently from how everyone
Harry sighed.
Sherlock looked her over, once more, before his brain was able to dig up the last place he had seen that smile –
They were still boyfriends.
In fact, the gun moved, and Sherlock opened his eyes to see the Head Gamemaker fall to the floor, his shoulder bleeding, and the bullet buried into the wall beside Sherlock.
When Sherlock was done brushing his teeth, he stood in the doorway to the bathroom, crossed his arms, and watched John sitting on the bed that they shared, his nose buried deep in the booklet. After a few moments, John looked up – and the guilt was written all over his face.
John smiled at Sherlock.
Dirge by Perfume Genius
John glanced back at the Sherlock on the screen, just starting to say goodbye, and discovered that he did
“Aw, why not? It’s fun!” John exclaimed.
“It’s locked,” Sherlock announced unnecessarily. “Maybe Harry has a bobby pin – HARRY!” he called out the door, but when he looked back at Dean he found him dangling a key from a brown leather string between them – a necklace that Dean had just taken off from around his neck.
If Harry was going to have any chance of making it out the Arena alive, Sherlock had to figure out what he did to John – whether he wanted to or not.
“Yes?” John replied.
“John –” she began, but John was already on his knees, bringing his sister into his arms. “I’m sorry – I’m sorry –”
Luckily, he didn’t.
Sherlock and Mycroft went through this door again, putting themselves into a hallway. The panicking bystanders ran for an exit door on the right of them, but Mycroft pulled Sherlock to the left – further down the hallway.
“Later,” he promised, and Sherlock hummed in agreement. “Go with Louise; we’ll catch up with you soon,” he said, and, reluctantly, Sherlock stood up and followed Louise out.
Mentors passed back and forth through the building, of course – everyone giving some sort of acknowledgement to Mycroft’s existence. Some even came up and talked briefly with him, but he refused to reveal any reason as to why he was sitting alone in the lobby, or of John’s whereabouts. That was, until five o’clock, two hours before the final interview, when he saw Clover Frankland enter through the doors.
The tables – the tools – the syringes – the cells –
17 by Perfume Genius (for Mycroft's 17th birthday)
And it all made sense, somehow, just like that – just like it had when Jim Moriarty revealed he was from the Capitol, and not from District 1 like he had everyone believe.
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispered. “Goodbye, Harry Watson.”
John had been –
Sherlock finally finds Harry and she’s got fucking margaritas and sunglasses and she’s like “YOOOOOOOOO WHERE U BEEEEEEN”
Clover was one of the first to share her story with the group, with James speaking for her as she signed: after her win and her body became property of the Capitol’s, it turned out that men who liked to talk dirty asked for her specifically, because they didn’t think she could understand a word they said. That was how she learned how to read lips; in darkened bedrooms, as men she didn’t know called her terrible things.
“When the weight of this new world set itself fully upon my shoulders, and once I understood what that truly meant for me, at first I fully intended to disappear. I planned on dismantling who I was, brick by brick, and leaving. But then I realized that it would be better for everyone, and that it may even be better for me, if everyone knows exactly where I am. I wanted you all to know where you can always find me.”
When the meeting was over, about two thirds of the thirty-three people in the audience started to get up and begin to take their leave, while the other third got up to meet Dean as he emerged from the door he had entered about ninety minutes ago, all with their own private questions or statements.
There wasn’t a day that was harder than Victor’s. John followed Mycroft’s orders: he did not apologize for winning, or even living longer than the people he was talking about. In District 8, he spoke of how young Molly was, and how brave she had been for making it farther than any twelve-year-old had in a long while. District 7 was as easy as it could be – John had never spoken to either Paul Dimmock or Lucy Harrison. District 7 had the highest amount of victors out of the nine outer Districts – seven victors in all, six of them still alive. District 7 held the oldest of victors – Beatrice Reeves, who won the Eleventh Hunger Games when she was 17 years old, Mycroft told them – who was now eighty-one years old, blind, senile, and using a wheelchair in her old age.
“Really?” John asked, surprised. He imagined Mrs. Hudson, storming into Snow’s office, telling him to leave John, and by extension, Sherlock and Harry alone – it didn’t seem like her, at all.
It took a second for John to put it together.
If you didn't think Sherlock's mental deterioration was bad enough in the actual narrative, JUST WAIT UNTIL YOU SEE WHAT IT COULD'VE BEEN!!
John tried to keep his cool.
“But they are not in this room, and we are,” Mycroft went on. “And, to avoid conflict and anger and behavior that would stir itself up in our grief, I feel we should forgive each other, and all of our siblings, for what they are about to do. If anyone thinks that we or our siblings should be blamed for what the Capitol is forcing them to do, or if anyone thinks they will not be able to control themselves in the face of losing their family, I invite you to leave.”
“So, Hannibal, I’m sure you’ve put this together at this point, but, given your history, your name has basically become synonymous with the word ‘cannibal.’ Really, you could be called ‘Hannibal the cannibal’ and nobody would disagree or not know exactly what that was referring to. But, just a few days ago, you happened to mention something to my brother and I that I just want to it run by you, just to make sure I wasn’t dreaming this shit. I know I could ask John, of course, but I wanted to hear it from you, so I know I heard you right, that I didn’t misunderstand you. So, just asking: did or did you not tell John Watson and I that ‘it’s only cannibalism if you and the person you are eating are equals’?”
Antonia shrugged, waving him off. “Don’t worry about it – he’ll probably do it tomorrow while you’re up on stage with them, where you should’ve been tonight.”
“Sector eighteen’s the tidal wave, isn’t it?” John asked.
But then something completely different occurred to him.
After about six hours, Sherlock could feel himself start to come down from the high, and briefly contemplated running back up to the penthouse to shoot up again under the guise of going to the bathroom, but then John Watson’s name was called, and Sherlock wished he had thought of running off to shoot up again earlier.
"I'M READY!" Jim called from his room. "SING THE THEMESONG!"
“The fact that he wants me and isn’t necessarily interested in either of you may not have helped you, either,” Sherlock added. “But since he was interested in me, I was able to feign a similar interest back at him, and he fell for it.”
Human by Aquilo (for Sherlock recovering)
“Don’t do this again and I won’t,” John whispered. “Promise me.”
“I’m surprised by how talkative you are today,” he said casually. “When John returned from the Arena he barely spoke; for someone who hated talking in the first place I thought no one would get a word out of you until the final interview.”
Not much in the Arena itself, but we do get to see how he prepared for the Arena without a mentor to guide him. I can’t figure out if there’s more or less of him in Constantly – I think it’s about the same between the two stories – but I do feel there’s a lot more of Mycroft revealed and we see him as more of his own person and less as just “Sherlock Holmes’ big brother” or “John Watson’s mentor” like how he was in Sentiment. Once Constantly is completely done and out there in the world, there are certainly ways for me to revisit the universe, and going into Mycroft’s Arena with him is certainly on my list of ways to do so, so I may go there in the future. Honestly, I really hope I do.
“I wouldn’t be happy if you were just doing it for everyone but yourself. I know everyone’s been pressuring us about it, but the point is that
Sherlock did not need even a moment’s contemplation to know his answer:
a passcode, and took my prosthetic leg. Mycroft had no idea about any of this as it was happening, but he somehow found out and got me out of there. Like I had said, I knew nothing about the rebellion Mycroft was leading, but maybe what happened to me made him change the plan.”
– Sherlock kissed him softly.
“I have been informed, yes,” Mycroft replied. Sherlock had woken up that morning to the sound of the Holmes’ phone ringing, but he never did get around to asking his brother what the call was about. “It’s just announcing the Quarter Quell.”
John looked at Dean, who was busy talking to Alexander, oblivious to the conversation between John and Mycroft.
There are other places you can follow me, too:
“Yeah – yeah, okay, I will,” Sherlock assured him.
After a moment, Sherlock wiped eyes of the tears, and walked back to the taxi that he had requested to wait for him.
“No. I want to face this head on.”
“Yes, what has he done?” he asked, and John’s heart dropped to the flats of his feet.
on top of Sherlock, strangling him.
“It was a marriage proposal,” he said, quickly, as if trying to say it out loud before he thought better of it. “Just. By the way.”
And then he was gone.
(See the end of the chapter for
to help him update
“And if they find us trying to get away?” John called down. “They’ll kill us –”
– don’t leave me –”
Alma Coin for District 13 (because no one else in District 13 dared to fight for the position, BUT all of the Representatives and President Dean Bainbridge pretty much always shoot her ideas down, until she thinks of better, more progressive and less revenge-y ideas for New Panem)
But Sherlock refused.
And Hannibal smirked at John in reply.
“Here’s us,” Sherlock said as he found the door to the training room.
“AND BINGO WAS HIS NAME-O!” Sherlock shouted at the top of his lungs, and swung the sword at the man in the tree, causing him to lose his balance and fall right after the hive.
He thought of Sherlock again, head in the toilet, covered in spit and vomit and sweat, eyes tired, hands shaking, begging for relief, with another man’s name on his lips.
“Do you need –”
“No shit, Sherlock,” Harry said, her tone dripping with sarcasm. “That’s a great deduction you made, there.”
(See the end of the chapter for
you? When –?”
“You’re afraid of him – of Hannibal,” John said, looking at Mycroft.
“Just stressed about you and Sherlock,” John said, only telling part of the truth.
ready for that, took on that role of the District 12 Representative until Sherlock was ready. As we see in chapter 55 of Constantly, John gets extremely frusterated and protective over Sherlock when Dean ignores Sherlock's boundaries, but Sherlock is always quick to excuse Dean's behavior and defuse John's anger.
I knew something was wrong – I mean, Christ, how many times did I reach out to you? I
But Sherlock quickly shook his head, shaking away whatever thought was in that busy, broken brain of his, and he turned to Dean, who had stood up from his seat in the front row of the audience.
He was making sure that Sherlock never forgot about him.
Mycroft was dead –
He also ended up going to the pond in which John learned how to swim in (and Sherlock regretted his refusal of learning how to swim), John’s old house, Sherlock’s old shack in the Seam, and the alleys in which Sherlock taught John how to dance in and where John and Sherlock shared their first conversation. There was even a night (two months, twenty days, six hours, sixteen minutes, and forty-five seconds after) where Sherlock found himself sobbing in the middle of the destroyed bakery.
“Mycroft –” Sherlock breathed, wrapping his arms around his brother’s neck, wanting for Mycroft to carry him to safety, like he would have if Sherlock was smaller and younger than he was, now –
“I know.”
“Sherlock, please –” John began, but he started to choke on his own words as he remembered Mycroft’s –
“It’s the way the Capitol works –” Mycroft tried.
(See the end of the chapter for
The man turned back to Harry. She glared up at him, silent for a moment, tears still rolling down her cheeks. She took a deep, shaky breath, and spoke in the strongest voice she could manage.
“No.”
“But here we are.”
And, at that moment, Aurora tripped over a root on the jungle floor, and fell backwards.
He couldn’t tell Mycroft about this, though. Mycroft would try to apply logic to it, would try to tell Sherlock what Sherlock was already more than aware of. Hearing it from someone else – hearing it from someone who constantly reminded Sherlock that Sherlock’s mind was inferior – would only make Sherlock feel worse.
He could still hear the bitterness in Sherlock’s words, and he glanced at him, wondering if maybe he was also remembering that conversation. As if Sherlock could feel John’s eyes on him, he looked up and met his eyes, and John thought the words at him before he could look away.
John Watson and the man Sherlock recognized to be Alexander Waters shot at the Peacekeepers, and Harry Watson rushed to the sides of the two Holmes boys as Sherlock leaned back and pressed his hand to Mycroft’s wound.
“Alexander Waters is Mayhem – I’m Antarctica, you’re Mind. Use the code to tell him of the situation – he’ll find you.”
John nodded as Mycroft began piling food onto his plate.
“AUGH NOOOO PISSBUCKET” John cried, rolling off the couch, in pain. Sherlock stood up, frustrated, and threw on his shirt, wincing through his pain.
– prepare himself for his brother’s service the only way he knew how to, at this point.
“Cinna, isn’t Ms. Price and Mary Morstan’s prep team here to look after Sherlock?” Mycroft asked, obviously anxious to get rid of him.
“I know you’re awake, Sherlock.”
"What? How do you know?" Coin asked, and Dean nodded up to Sherlock, not tearing his eyes away from the boy for a second as Louise Neal ran up to the group and hugging John's sister.
“Yesterday – it was yesterday. Before the meeting. He asked about broadcasting the service and I asked for it to be broadcast to only District Twelve – and then he asked about…about this…”
“Yellow bulbs,” Mycroft muttered an explanation, as if he could read John’s mind.
“Where’s your boyfriend, faggot?” he heckled.
Music for this chapter:
“It’s a Stradivarius; one of the best violins ever made. He was really confident you would win, despite your self-sacrificial plan to save Harry. He planned on giving it to you himself; teach you how to play, but…”
“I dunno – to see how far he can go, maybe?”
“Mycroft Holmes was a great man, but he was also a good man. He was always there for us whenever we needed him; got to know us and stayed with us when no one else did. He effectively saved thousands of lives and so many future generations from what we’ve had to go through. He was willing to make that sacrifice for us – he wanted to be the one to do the bulk of the work so the Peacekeepers would want his head, not ours. He always said that caring is not an advantage, but he never said that he didn’t care. He very rarely admitted it out loud, and he only did so to a few people, but he cared about all of us deeply and complexly. But, most of all, he cared about his younger brother, Sherlock Holmes, who I’ll give the stage to now, so he may say a few words and his final goodbyes to his brother.”
Why didn’t he take
I love you all, and thank you so much for being here. I can never thank you or repay you enough.
I'm just about finished with Constantly? Which is really fucking weird. Note the 73 chapters that I'm pretty sure is the final number of chapters for this fic, if I've done my math right. I hope it's 73 - it's a Good Number #OCDproblems.
– after everything that he had done and gone through he had stage fright. He had practically grown up in front of the cameras; everyone in that room – everyone in
He was trapped. They both were.
“Mycroft?” John called quietly as he entered the room.
“The Capitol? No, no one,” he replied, and John only half-listened as he gave John the specifics of the first meeting, promising he’d “think about it,” even though he had already pretty much made a decision.
The next morning, Sherlock woke up alone, and for a moment he felt what he imagined was merely a fraction of the fear John had felt when he discovered that Sherlock was missing from the house the night before. The instant he sat up, a wave of nausea and dizziness washed over him, and as soon as he stood up to rush to the bathroom, he found out that it was too late to even try. After cleaning the spot on the floor (thankful that he didn’t own a rug) and brushing his teeth, Sherlock finally made his way down the stairs, and found Harry sitting on the sofa, flipping through one of her textbooks.
And then, at that moment, as if the Gamemakers were waiting for the group to realize where Steven and Julia were, Julia slapped her arm, wincing in pain.
And, slowly, a grin stretched across Archie’s face, too.
“I made fun of him for all those years –” Sherlock breathed, cutting himself off when his voice cracked.
“I’ll stay with Harry,” Louise supplied, and John only managed to breathe a word of thanks before chasing after his boyfriend.
“Well, I appreciate that,” John replied. “And I think now would be a good time to bring it up, if that’s okay. I’d rather do it here than at home.”
“Seriously?” Sherlock looked out the window again. “I think you’re right. We all have jobs to do, and mine is to not be myself when I have a camera on me. Make your win seem worth it, you know?”
Charles Augustus Magnussen, James Sholto, and Aurora Blake were together in one group in sector sixteen, which contained a sort of gas that was similar to John’s, forcing anyone that inhaled it to think of nothing but on their insecurities and fears – a gas that was used in Dean Bainbridge’s Hunger Games.
And, just like that, Sherlock felt the clock tick over in his head.
Add me on snapchat @ saraherbie
“I know you’re not completely trustful of Dean and Alexander because of where they come from, Dean especially, and I don’t blame you for it; when you live a life of hating everything the Career Districts stand for, meeting someone from those Districts is a little disarming. But if I told you that I trusted these men with my life, could you learn to trust them, too? At least enough that you don’t think they’re going to kill you if they get too close?”
valued member,
Later that night, Sherlock began to read Mycroft’s notebooks. There were nine in all; each one holding a year’s worth of notes and lists and personal accounts of daily events. The first one started the day after Mycroft arrived home from his Games, when he was sixteen, and the last one – the one that had been found on Mycroft’s person when he was killed – ended the day of the final interview. Sherlock, who was, in general, a fast reader, took his time reading Mycroft’s notebooks, reading and rereading each page, flipping back whenever Mycroft mentioned a past event just to reread that section again for context before continuing, even if he knew what Mycroft had written about that past event word for word. Mycroft had written so much about his Games and about Sherlock and even about John and Harry, but not a word about the Rebellion, besides the occasional “Met with Dean” scribbled down in the middle of everything else. Everything he
“I mean, I’m not saying you’re stupid or slow or anything, in fact you are quite intelligent, and most of it has nothing to do with my influence, you’ve just been that way from the start –” Sherlock went on quickly, trying to backpedal the best he could.
“Can’t we give him a
“I can’t,” he whispered as the light turned green. The doors opened, and the line started moving.
“No – it’s not a step back,” Sherlock said, cutting him off. “We’re just standing still for a bit. We can afford to stand still. It’s nothing we can’t get through.” Slowly, Sherlock kissed him again. “I know that I can’t take it away or make it better but...I can try, right?”
“I can just anticipate the responses of people I know well to scenarios I devise. And I know you, and I know me. I don’t know Magnussen or those other Careers well enough to figure out anything. I can see a thousand ways this will start, but only two ways this could end.”
There was one day that Sherlock could barely stand it – the ache in his chest, the need to be closer to John, the feeling of John’s erection between them as they kissed – and Sherlock, who had been straddling John on the couch the whole time, made a decision he thought he would never make.
, and watched as they – together – approached their stylists, their prep teams, Mrs. Hudson, and Mycroft Holmes. Louise reached out and John let her hold his hand, and he felt Alexander put his hands on John’s shoulders from over the back of the sofa, and John knew why –
“Magnussen,” John repeated, as if taking a gulp of air.
“You’re a cannibal,” Harry cut in. “What kind of moral compass do
Sixteen hours, sixteen minutes, fifty-three seconds.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he sighed. “Are you kidding me? That’s ridiculous –”
Harry and Sherlock find a place to hide out while fighting off the effects of the tracker jacker venom; Mycroft and John send Sherlock and Harry the supplies they need; Sherlock dreams.
“Me too,” John breathed.
“He had asked me where he could find a package of condoms, so –”
“I told you it was stupid.”
And then iron man flew down and killed everyone the end.
First, most simply: John would end up committing suicide very quickly. However, John has friends and Mycroft has friends, and they all know how devastated John would be, so the more likely option would be
“You don’t need to remind him, John –” Harry said, cutting her brother off.
He stared at his watch, and every time the second hand passed over the twelve again, he changed the numbers coming from his mouth. He focused on that, and the sound of the ticking, and the sound of his words.
The instant he thought it, he felt a knot in his stomach form, and Sherlock grit his teeth.
Even Harry could tell. As soon as she came back from showing off for the Gamemakers, she sat next to John and asked him if he was okay.
The room was quiet for a moment after John said the words. No one made a single sound, and as the two boys looked at each other it almost felt as if they were the only two people in the room.
“Bathroom’s right down this hall –” John’s father said, pointing down the hallway.
John was lucky last year – his Arena was on a raised platform. The only way to get to the force field was finding a way around the anti-drop technology that they also put around the tribute buildings to keep the tributes from committing suicide by jumping off the side. But not everyone was so lucky – there had been times where the tributes were either paralyzed or straight up killed over simply touching the barrier.
John and Mycroft react to Sherlock and Harry's win, but receive a troubling request from President Snow; Sherlock and Harry board the hovercraft and are returned to the Capitol; John takes a stand.
And really, John couldn’t.
“Yes, I noticed it,” Sherlock replied, nodding slowly.
“John –”
– but it wasn’t the only thing he wanted.
“Before he died – before Sherlock and Harry went into the Arena, actually – Mycroft told me that he considered me as his brother – I was his brother alongside Sherlock. And I feel the same way about Mycroft, and I’m going to keep that sentiment with me for the rest of my life. Another thing he told me before he passed – his last words spoken directly to me, actually – was to take care of Sherlock. And I’m going to honor his request with everything I have in me, because, after everything, I owe him that.
away.”
“We should go,” Dean said, putting his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock nodded again.
“Room for one more?” John asked.
But then, when John and Mycroft were almost to the door of the training center, John heard his own voice coming over the speakers – as if he was on the screen – as if he was in the Arena, again.
In the beginning, when John first came home from the Arena, it was so incredibly hard to love Sherlock. It had nothing to do with Sherlock himself as much as it had to do with John. If it wasn’t for Sherlock confessing his undying love and causing the Capitol to blow up their love story to unbelievable heights, when John got home he would’ve probably locked himself in his room and never spoken to anyone ever again. The only thing that kept him in touch with the rest of the world – kept him human – was Sherlock Holmes. At first, it felt like he was just going through the motions of love – kissing when kissed, smiling when smiled at – the only thing that came naturally to him was holding Sherlock’s hand, because it grounded him. Of course John loved Sherlock, but it’s hard to love anyone while you don’t even know yourself, anymore. But John was learning – over the past year, everything was becoming as natural as breathing. Now he couldn’t imagine living without Sherlock’s love – without kissing him every day – without waking up every morning and falling asleep every night by his side. He had been ready to let his life begin – he had been ready to be happy with Sherlock – to show Sherlock every bit of what his heart was feeling. He wanted to grow old with Sherlock – get married to Sherlock – maybe even make love to him if they both ever stopped beating around the bush about it. He wanted Sherlock, and, for about nine months, it had seemed like he was going to have him.
“I was planning on it,” Mycroft replied.
The two tributes got onto their chariots, and Sherlock, with one look at John’s face, leaned forward to speak with him.
“John, Sherlock’s gone –”
he said, quieter, putting John’s ring upon his finger.
“Victor Trevor. Philip Anderson, too, but I wasn’t completely aware of what I was doing until…until after the fact. With Victor…he was my friend – Christ, he even admitted to having a crush on me – we were friends, and I killed him. Yes, Philip and I were friends, too – at least, I consider ourselves to be, even if he was extremely homophobic – but, in the fog…he was begging for me to kill him, and that fog – that gas – made me think that I had no other choice but to do it. I had a reason, a terrible reason that probably doesn’t even hold up, here, but a reason all the same. The only reason I had for killing Victor was that he looked like Sebastian Moran. He didn’t need to die like I thought Philip had to in order to put him out of his misery. I simply killed him because I was afraid he was someone else. Victor was my first kill, and I still hate myself for it.”
“Mycroft had gone to check the roof, and I had gone to check the Avox’s staircase, seeing as Sherlock was afraid to use the elevator –”
Sherlock beamed at John, grateful for the opportunity to tell everyone how wrong they were about them - something he had wanted to do since the Victory Tour six months ago.
Intro/Set3 by The 1975
The final three tributes receive some news from the Capitol; Sherlock and Harry formulate a plan.
Sail - AWOLNATION (for Sherlock)
“Hold up!” John shouted, Alexander stopped. Leaning on her brother, Harry started taking off her shoes. “You okay?” he asked.
“Back then, after Mycroft came home from his Hunger Games, the idea of him dying – an idea that I had become so used to in such a short amount of time – quickly vanished in my mind. Subconsciously, I felt as if – since he had won the Games – it had somehow made him immortal. Now, I obviously knew the truth – I always did – but I didn’t know just how mortal he was, until...until it was proven to me. Until it was proven to all of us.”
Forget by MARINA (for Harry)
“Sherlock,” John corrected through gritted teeth.
The man glanced at the pouting Harry Watson, sighed again, and pinched the bridge of his nose for a moment, then grabbed the arm of the nearest Avox, who just happened to be passing by.
“I need any footage the Hunger Games archives have of Mycroft Holmes. Any time a camera catches sight of him, I want to see it. I know that’ll take time, so don’t worry about it tonight. Can you do that for me, please?”
“To you, I mean,” Sherlock went on. “Something happened to you today.”
“You had gauze in your pack?” Sherlock asked, and his mind quickly spun to what that might mean if everyone was given different medical supplies – what the hell could Magnussen have if he and Harry – tributes from the poorest District – had gauze and one hundred bandaids?
“This whole time I thought you were just in Mycroft’s room,” John muttered, and Sherlock could hear the incredulous smile in his voice. “Because I
– thirty-three seconds.
“Fine.”
I Will Follow You Into The Dark - Death Cab For Cutie
He cut clean through the branch.
He took a deep, shaky breath. John was still alive, just across the hall. Harry was still alive, somewhere in the penthouse. He was still alive, right then, right there.
Curse those idjits and their need to solve murders and be annoying at the same time...
“Yes,” he mumbled.
But Sherlock wasn’t going to let him regain his breath.
John’s heart hammered in his chest, ready to burst, as he watched his sister standing in her sector, breathing in the gas he had breathed himself almost exactly one year ago.
After what felt like an eternity of fighting and losing, Charles Augustus took his lips from John’s, leaving his mouth wet and warm in ways John never wanted to think about again. His face was still entirely too close to John’s – the tips of their noses were still touching.
“Dean wanted to talk to him,” Harry replied before John could.
“Hey, John,” she greeted him with a smile.
There was a moment where the world was silent, taking in the President’s decree – the cheering on the broadcast only creating white noise. Sherlock’s brain had already connected the dots.
Cinna really outdid himself this year, Sherlock thought. He had managed to find a way to combine the District’s export, mining and coal, with Sherlock and John’s star-crossed-lovers story, and put it all into one outfit.
Mycroft waits for John to return, until he realizes something is very, very wrong.
OKAY KIDDOS HERE'S THE SCOOP:
“Eight-thirteen,” he answered, finally.
In moments, John was surrounded by people touching him – arms helping him up, hands and money cards appearing within his peripheral to give him money. John’s voice was lost, but found he didn’t need it. Faces came and went before him, details blurred by John’s tears.
“John?” Harry called after him.
“Do we
But he had – years and years ago – or months, at least – on the screen – in a Hunger Games from years ago –
“Mycroft – Mycroft, stay with us –”
He missed his friends, though. Sometimes, he missed them desperately, desperately enough to genuinely consider reaching out to them. There were times that Sherlock deeply considered jumping on the next train to District Nine, to throw himself at Harry Watson’s feet and begging her for forgiveness. Sometimes he even considered calling up someone that wasn’t too attached to his situation for help; Antonia Blake often came to mind when he thought of this, for some reason. There were even some nights that Sherlock would wake in a cold sweat, clamoring down the stairs and dialing Dean Bainbridge’s phone number, the confession of his sin already on his lips, punishment for his crime be damned. Whenever he did this, though, he would come to his senses before making the call itself. After the twelfth time of trying and failing to turn himself in, he disconnected his phone.
“Sherlock, he – he started shaking in the middle of it, so we stopped. He seemed so disappointed in himself...”
“I’ll be there, tomorrow,” he told him.
However, just before John was supposed to leave, he took one look at Sherlock, and then turned to Harry.
“Would you like to view his execution, Mr. Holmes?” the guard asked, for seemingly the second time, and Sherlock looked at the man to find him and Sherlock looked at the man to find him flipping the papers on top of the forms back over on his clipboard and placing the pen back in his pocket, even though Sherlock could not recall handing them back to him. “We can have it done and over with within the hour, if you’re willing to wait.”
John knew at least one of the ex-Avoxes who had stayed behind: Lavinia.
The sound of Mycroft’s voice was cut off by the sound of firing bullets into the stage behind them –
“Because they think you’re weird,” Sherlock replied simply.
“Sh-Sherlock?” Harry asked, slowly. “What just happened?”
“No,” Sherlock whispered.
“Twice in a day? Are you sure you’re not still being affected by the tracker jackers?”
All the screens in Panem went dark after Dean’s announcement, and it remained that way. Sherlock had no idea the broadcasts carried so much noise. It was so quiet without the screens filling up the world with sound. There were no words that needed to be spoken between the four of them, not really – not any that could fix what had been done or change it in any way. It was quiet all throughout the Capitol – they could all stand on top of the roof and actually hear themselves think. There were no parties to be had – the Capitol was too much in shock to celebrate such freedom in such a way – the whole world was.
Mycroft nodded, a ghost of a smile on his face as he put his hand on John’s shoulder. “You’re a good man, John Watson.” Before John could reply, Mycroft looked behind him, at Alexander. “Do you have it?”
“No – I’m going to tell you everything.”
Mycroft nodded to himself, straightened up, turned around, and, in one sweeping motion, shoved everything off his desk. John jumped back with such force that it moved his chair, watching wide eyed as Mycroft leaned over the now-empty desk, gripping the edges with white knuckles, breathing heavily.
“Right –” John said, already having enough, balling up his fists and trying to move past Charles Augustus. When Charles Augustus stepped in his way, John felt the urge to shove him to get him to move – he might have even raised his hands to do so –
“But you were afraid to do it.”
“Dean’s off buttering up the sponsors; he just wanted a quick word with me, that’s all.”
do something similar, in fact – but he had never thought to ask or question it.
“You’re making us late, all three of you!” she cried. “I didn’t think
“Only people in this room may vote to keep or incarcerate the person being heard from, because only we hold the right to judge them. Because we have been through some horrific SHITE.”
“Thinking,” Sherlock replied, not looking up at either of them.
“Sherlock – Sherlock –”
“John – John wake up –”
“Why the hell do spiders exist, Sherlock?” she asked.
“I suppose,” he finally said to Sherlock as they rejoined hands and continued walking. “I think Mycroft just understands that we’ve all got jobs to do, and we’re all just trying to do them.”
In that moment, Sherlock never felt so hurt. He was certain that nothing the Hunger Games had to throw at him could possibly compare to this.
– I don’t want you thinking that you have to fight this alone. Not again.”
They were alive.
“No, you’re not.”
Sherlock sighed, bracing himself for John’s response to whatever he was about to say.
In that moment, time itself seemed to stop. This was actually happening – John was alive – he wasn’t dreaming – and someone twice his age was touching him through his pants. No – that couldn’t be right – time wouldn’t stop for something like this. There had to be a clock that was ticking – somewhere in this goddamned place time was still passing...but John couldn’t find the proof.
“How are you doing?” John asked his sister, as soon as the Holmes brothers and the prep teams were gone. “I feel like we haven't talked much since we got here.”
Sherlock felt like his mind was racing at all times, searching relentlessly for nothing specific in the remains of his mind palace, just making more of a mess of things. Because of this, because of the disaster his mind palace had become, Sherlock very, very rarely visited it, anymore. On the occasion that he did, it was solely to make an attempt to sort things out, but to no avail.
“Not good,” she replied. “I think he’s set his heart on drinking himself to death.”
Basically the only British human beings that weren't under Mycroft's control were (unsurprisingly) his own brother, Sherlock Holmes, and Sherlock's little friend from the army, John Watson.
“You’re kind of a buy-one-get-one deal,” Harry informed him. “You know – ask for one, and get the other without asking.” Mrs. Watson shot her daughter a look. “What? It’s true.”
His name was Sherlock Holmes.
“But we don’t know where he is, either –” Harry tried to argue, but Sherlock cut her off.
And for a moment, Sherlock thought about telling John about just how high he was – how he was beginning to think that he may not be able to face his brother’s death without a decent amount of Morphling in his system – but then John started talking about something else, and the moment was lost.
“Well, when John and I were younger...we played a different game – it was called the Hunger Games,” Sherlock revealed. “We...we won them, actually.”
“What do you mean – I thought you knew –” she started, and John nearly dropped the carton of eggs in his hands. “Oh my god –”
John thought, but Mycroft spoke again before John could shake the thought from his head.
John nodded quickly in order to shift the attention away from him, and Mycroft was quick to help him along.
He had just deduced the most terrible thing – John’s deepest, darkest secret – on national television. There now wasn’t a soul who didn’t know – John Watson, victor of the Seventy-Fourth Annual Hunger Games, had been sexually assaulted by a man twice is age. John Watson, his boyfriend, the love of his life, had been sexually assaulted.
The middle of the town square – where the children in the reaping pool normally stood – was bare, and the area bordering that was overflowing with audience members. Since there were only two people in the reaping pool this year, anyone who wasn’t either Harry Watson or Sherlock Holmes was safe, but since no one was allowed to miss the reaping ceremony, they all became part of the audience. For the first time ever, almost everyone – almost all of the eight thousand citizens of District Twelve, more or less – was exempt from the Hunger Games. Everyone, that is, except for Sherlock and Harry.
“Sorry,” he finally murmured into the microphone. “Got lost for a bit. Back now,” he breathed.
“That’s not the
“Come to President – come to my mansion in twenty minutes; I’ll be there to let you in,” Dean said, obviously still not used to the fact that
A wave of relief and uncertainty washed over John. Snow was dead, which was undoubtedly better for Panem as a whole, but what was to happen now? How would they even begin to pick up the pieces? Maybe the meeting today would shed some light on those questions.
“Just a forewarning, John,” Mycroft said quietly as they were about to reach the table that held the book that Sherlock and Harry had to give their blood samples to. “Mrs. Hudson won’t be pleased; I’ve never been late to a reaping before.”
“How’s the uniform?” John asked, after a couple of flights, remembering his old training uniform. Sherlock now donned a similar one: there were big “12”s plastered to his chest and back, and “HOLMES” written in block lettering in between his shoulder blades.
And he didn’t want to think about that for too long.
“How long was I out?” Sherlock asked, as he was a potato.
Even though Sherlock couldn’t possibly imagine sleeping after all that had happened over the past few hours, he opted for the latter, if only to try to shut his mind off for a while. But first, he needed to check his room.
“You guys go ahead,” Sherlock replied before John could answer. “It’s better if two people are late and there are two people who know where they are than if four people are late and no one knows where any of them are.”
“No, I wasn’t, little brother.”
“And how’s that?”
For those of you counting at home: Mycroft’s Games lasted 7 days, John’s Games lasted 9 days, and Sherlock and Harry’s lasted FOUR.
Corburn Marsh 55, District 4.
He regretted the decision with every step he took, every beat of his heart, but he was done, he was
Archie Neal had left the Games the same way his sister had won two years ago: with a beheading.
Today, since John had won the most recent Hunger Games, he had to leave to go on a victory tour of the country they lived in, Panem, leaving Sherlock behind.
“No – he talks about
“You joined us a very difficult time for William – he thinks he’s killed a few of the tributes. He’s good natured, like you – he didn’t want to hurt anyone.”
Harry cut in front of Mycroft, causing him to stop. She put out her hand to him, like royalty might if they wanted someone to kiss their rings.
And as he shot up, Sherlock came to the conclusion that this was not normal, not like he thought it was. Sherlock had always been infatuated with John, ever since the day that they met, but it had never been like this – he had never once thought about John’s body – about
“How’s Caesar Flickerman doing, by the way?” Sherlock asked, after a moment. “Last I heard from President Bainbridge he was in good spirits.”
Mycroft was the first to recover.
But he knew – he
“Me too.”
“I know it is,” Sherlock replied quietly.
There were three victors in all; one more than District 12 – the lowest of the low, even
Hannibal Lecter Magnussen grinned widely, as if seeing an old friend.
“Do you mind if –?” he began, and Harry shook her head, smirking at her brother.
know?” John asked.
“Which way?” Sherlock asked, but Mycroft spun them around, facing back the way they came. “Mycroft? Which way?”
Again, Harry was able to tell right away the next morning when she saw them, but she didn’t scream about it like she had last time, much to Sherlock and John’s relief. She did, however, stare at them, silent and slack-jawed, for about a minute straight, before finally forcing her mouth closed and finally asking if they really did it. Upon Sherlock’s quiet confirmation (as John was too embarrassed to speak), Harry nodded, giving them both a thumbs up, and then excusing herself to her room, which is where she finally did unleash the whoops of joy the two boys had been waiting for (and fearing).
And there was Sherlock’s answer.
John bit his knuckle, watching the screen as he, the stylists, Mycroft, and Louise were flown back to the Capitol. He watched his sister grab John’s knives and swim the best she could toward the Cornucopia as Joseph Lee was killed by Steven Bainbridge. He watched as Sherlock dived into the water and began to move toward Archie Neal. He watched as Charles Augustus Magnussen made his way to the Cornucopia.
He was just about to jump on him when he felt steady hands on his shoulders. He spun around, about to swing a punch at whoever dared touch him, but found Mycroft instead.
“You’re high as a kite, aren’t you?” Mycroft asked, growing impatient as Sherlock took a bite of a cookie, leaving the other one for Harry.
Also, cw: lots of homophobia and internalized homophobia.
And then it all clicked, just as Caesar was breaking the news to them – and to the rest of Panem:
That was stupid – that was so stupid – putting their sibling’s lives and chance of survival in their hands without them even knowing it – years in advance –
He was standing there, shivering in the cold, silent tears rolling down his cheeks, when he heard a voice from behind him – the first voice he had ever heard during one of his night runs:
“Yes, you were,” John cut him off, and when Sherlock glanced at Harry, his face very subtly wishing her luck, John waved him away. “No, don’t look at her, just go,” he ordered, and, standing, Sherlock finally obeyed.
“It’s fine,” she replied.
scrawled upon it in Mycroft’s hand; but the most noticeable of all, at least to Sherlock, was the thin layer of dust that coated almost every surface of the room.
“Sherlock?” Harry asked, beginning to step forward, beginning to step over the line between them –
Mycroft swung open the door, and found John Watson on the floor in the corner of the bright white cell, looking absolutely terrified, wearing the same suit he had donned that morning, the suit that matched the one Mycroft currently wore, but half of his left pants leg flattened and distorted without his prosthetic to keep it in shape.
, and that’s all that mattered. Then there were moments like these – where even though they were physically touching they were thousands of miles apart.
“Hell yeah – there’s my man with the plan,” Harry said. “Can I help?”
“Yes. Fine,” Sherlock replied, and glanced down at John’s lips again.
“I know – I’ll quit –”
“It’s understandable,” John said, crossing the room and sitting in front of Sherlock, kissing him gently on the lips. “Hey,” he murmured once they parted.
An AU where John breaks up with Sherlock after the events of Constantly, and then everything goes to shit.
Hamish and Rosamund.
is the great Sherlock Holmes? What a
“What do you think District One’s like, right now?” she asked, and Sherlock shrugged.
Also: since I was so close to potentially finishing this thing I was like "let's read the Hunger Games series ALL OVER AGAIN and look for inconsistencies and try to FIX THEM!!" So I'm like 90 pages into Catching Fire and I've been making a list of things I've fucked up in Sentiment and Constantly and want to fix them. Mostly it's just stuff like "include the Community home that's not mentioned in the movie!!" and "mention how even though Mycroft won the Games the Holmes home in the Seam is still technically Sherlock's!" and shit like that - stuff that wasn't in the movies, basically. Details and shit. So I'm gonna work on that and edit Sentiment and with that said, once I edit it all I'm gonna make another update and let you all know...so if you want to read it all again for the changes you can. Once the changes are all there.
much…
“And you’re sure you’re okay? About –”
TRIGGER WARNING: Sexual Assault
“Surely, as the brother of a mentor you must know that’s against policy –”
And if John knew anything about Sherlock Holmes, it was that Sherlock
Not a single part of John believed that Sherlock had earned it, though. Yes, he had made the decision to start, but he didn’t deserve this.
There was a slight trace of amusement behind Hannibal’s eyes as he studied Sherlock’s face, and he couldn’t help but remember the letter:
, but before he could actually speak the words out loud, a more pressing issue came to mind.
John honestly couldn’t remember what life was like without Sherlock, but he was going to have to learn, and quickly.
The end-of-interview bell rang, almost a minute early.
“I honestly don’t remember,” he replied, and Sherlock looked to Dean.
“My office. Immediately,” he almost snarled, and John led the way to his office, Mycroft walking behind Harry in line to make sure no one ran off.
“She was quiet, I assume? Completely unlike herself?”
Someone was there with him.
had cut it. Because John knew – John
“John.”
But it didn’t matter – they had requested to take John from Mycroft to prepare him for the stage – whoever it was under the uniform, they were falling for the disguise.
“I know,” Mycroft replied. “I tried to convince them to put you in a darker shade, but they wanted you to match John’s iris.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Arena – and balanced the tip of the curved blade on her knee, resting the palm of her hand on the end of the handle to keep it upright.
Louise looked up at him.
“It was – it was in the box Dean and I found in his – in his room. I hadn’t read it until…until now. I figured…I figured this would be the best place to read it and…and it had to be today,” he looked up from the letter and turned back to John, remembering. “I’m sorry for scaring you – I didn’t mean to just leave.”
Clover signed something to him – John could only pick out the sign for “what” – and he shook his head.
She heard the Peacekeepers reach the ground, one of them approaching her, just for a moment.
“I know I’ve said breathing’s boring but that didn’t mean I ever wanted to stop,” he said, and John was taken aback by how poetic he could be even through tears.
“No,” Sherlock replied quickly.
“Right,” Sherlock said, disappointed. He wasn't upset about Harry, though – they had actually gotten quite close while John was in the Games. He just didn't want to have to say goodbye to Sherlock, again – at least not this soon after John’s arrival home. But then again, would any amount of time be good enough for Sherlock?
Sherlock Holmes stood, alone in the training center’s cafeteria, waiting for his name to be called. He knew he should have been thinking about the fact that he was to be judged by the Gamemakers in a few moments, but all he could really think about was John.
“Next time we start a fucking rebellion someone has to notify my freaking stylist!” Harry exclaimed in lieu of a reply, and threw her pump at the approaching Peacekeepers. They were only able to spot the foremost Peacekeeper getting clocked in the head before they were on the run again, Harry with her second shoe in hand.
Sherlock and John. John and Sherlock. Just as it always had been.
He was dying...
“Half an hour?” Sherlock offered.
The crowd went crazy with affection for them, cheering for John and for Johnlock – everyone was quite aware that Sherlock was only there because John was. They were delighted to see Sherlock and John holding each other’s hands, of course, but John couldn’t help but think of the fact that everyone thought they were having sex. Sherlock was probably also thinking about that, because while John was waving to the audience, he let go of John’s hand to place it in John’s furthest back pocket. This earned an extra few whoops and whistles from the crowd, but John was trying to hold back laughter at how uncharacteristic this was for Sherlock.
“My dad’s a butcher, and my mom’s a geologist – she worked with Sherlock’s mom, before she died,” John replied. “Sherlock’s dad was a miner, but he died when Sherlock was four. I know nothing of the mines.”
Sherlock set his jaw, almost snarling at Magnussen. “His
“So you’ve been on a boat – on the ocean?” John asked, frantic.
“You alright?” Sherlock asked, breathless from their kisses.
“Couldn’t be better,” Alexander said.
“No –
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock whispered, wiping his tears.
All things considered, Sherlock thought he was doing a pretty good job at pretending that he was going to be okay – that he was going to get better – that he wasn’t high at almost every waking moment of the day. He was pretty sure that he had John convinced – or at the very least, distracted from thinking about it too hard.
“I thought you guys would’ve been up by now!” Harry exclaimed. “Look – Louise is here, do you want us to wait for you two to get ready or do you want us to just go?”
“What specifically happened to Mischa Magnussen – your sister?”
“Fine,” he muttered, and then looked around John to speak to Sherlock. “But if you feel up to discussing it, Sherlock, please let me know – I’d love to hear –”
Archie kept counting, quietly, as Sherlock kneeled down and Archie climbed off his back. Sherlock started getting antsy by the eighth cannon blast – how many people had died?
“I’m okay – have you seen John or Mycroft?” she asked.
“That’s really...kind. Thoughtful.”
He loved the phrase Mycroft had made for Sherlock, and it was obvious the Capitol did too. But while they all thought it meant that they believed that Sherlock would win the Hunger Games, only John and Mycroft knew the true meaning: they believed Sherlock could save Harry.
And, before Sherlock was fully able to react that his plan had worked, Harry Watson threw her arms around his neck, squeezing him in a hug as the Capitol’s hovercraft floated down from the sky to take them.
John sighed.
John looked over the edge, and found Harry and Sherlock, the only tributes donned in black in the lineup. The crowd went wild at the sight of them, cheering and shouting and throwing roses and irises (that were probably only sold because of Sherlock’s appearance) in their direction.
Sherlock scrambled to get on his hands and knees, struggling to breathe but not having any time to sit and recover, crawling over to the sword. He felt the cold metal touch his hands, and he wrapped his fingers around the hilt. He finally got to his feet, and found Harry still choking Magnussen, turning herself to face Sherlock, dragging him with her.
He nodded, letting John know he heard him, wanting to say it back, but the words weren’t coming – and if they did show up, Sherlock probably wouldn’t even say it then, in fear that if he said anything out loud to John right then, then no words would come to him while he was on stage.
“You look great,” John replied.
“He wasn’t actually going to shoot me,” Mycroft said to her bewildered expression, setting the gun on the nearest table, speaking as if the Peacekeeper wasn’t even there. “If a mentor was found dead less than an hour before they were to be appear with their winning tribute, or tributes in my case, on Caesar Flickerman’s stage, he’d end up...well, he’d end up here.”
“Jesus,” John murmured, trying to imagine what that could be like. The fog had fucked with his head so much he still couldn’t remember how many times he had stabbed Philip Anderson through his own eyes, as opposed to remembering what he had seen during the recap. But living like that all the time? That would drive anyone irreversibly insane.
“Sherlock?!”
“Of fucking course – they want us to reunite in front of everyone –” John started to complain, but then he noticed that Mycroft was reading the letter over again to himself with a furrowed brow. “Mycroft?”
– I –”
Enter 2020 the same way I feel: SAD AND FULL OF ANGST!!
So instead, she raised her hand for a high-five, and Sherlock’s stomach seized.
After dinner, Mycroft found his way to John’s room, where Sherlock was doing his homework, and John was listening to Sherlock complain about the differences between the
“Sorry – could I bother you for a moment?” she asked.
“Dean said he wanted to see me and Harry after the broadcast,” John answered before Harry could.
“By the way – I’m impressed by your skill with a syringe – I’m amazing, honestly.”
“I probably will,” John replied. “You’re better at this than I am.”
Dean sighed again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, Hamish – you know how we play games at home? Like hide and go seek and tag?” John asked, and Hamish smiled, thinking he knew where this was going.
in his life, he had everything he had ever dreamed of. He had been so happy these past nine months. He hated having to give it up now – after everything –
“Then kill Aurora Blake,” Magnussen ordered. “Kill her, or everyone will know of your little...
After Mrs. Watson said her goodbyes to her “baby boy”, telling him that Sherlock was “so special,” and Mr. Watson said his goodbyes to his daughter, John stepped forward.
“Oh my god,” Sherlock gasped, nearly collapsing with relief as he pressed his palms against his eyes. “Oh, it’s just a Jabberjay.”
“A…meeting?” John repeated.
“Have you seen the newspaper today?” Alexander asked, hesitantly.
“I’m upper.”
As the train made the travel south, John and Sherlock were treated to the idea of spring – everything wet from the melting snow, and the new flowers blooming through the dampened ground. Of course District 12 had seen spring, but this was somehow different for them – being in the cold for so long and getting a private taste of what was going to come to their District over the following months.
Believe - Mumford and Sons
“When this shit is over you’re
“What?” John asked quietly, the first word either one of them had physically spoken aloud in about an hour. Sherlock looked away, at a fold in John’s blanket. “Sherlock?”
“Yeah – he found them and told them that he was making his own rebellion within Panem – the Mockingjay Rebellion – and that if they joined together they could save all of us. It took years to set everything into place, but we did it.”
As soon as they were out of sight, vanishing in the crowd of Capitol citizens who had also decided to make an appearance at the park that day, Sherlock turned around, looking up at the statue of Mycroft Holmes.
“Are you sure? Because you look –”
But Aurora Blake was too quick for him, putting her spear between them, and he couldn’t stop himself in time – he ran directly into her spear. He swiped his knife at her, and she ripped the spear out of him, blocking it with ease, and using it to swipe his feet out from under him.
And it was at that moment Sherlock fully realized the weight of something that John had merely glossed over in his story.
“It’s not a condition,” John was able to force out, just by the skin of his teeth.
After Mycroft’s Games, Sherlock slept in Mycroft’s room – in Mycroft’s bed – with his brother every night for about a year, but once Sherlock started consistently sleeping in his own bed again, Mycroft’s room quickly became off-limits. For the past eight years, Sherlock had never set foot in his brother’s room.
. That was the cause for most of John’s anxiety, and Sherlock was fully aware of that fact. Victor Trevor had been John’s first kill, and not only that but the death that had affected John the most out of all of them. Sherlock knew John hated himself for killing anyone in that Arena, but he hated himself for killing Victor the very most. And now, John had to face Victor’s family and friends and talk about how happy he was that he survived.
They had to –
“Mycroft
Harry sat up, wiping her eyes.
“Okay.”
The words felt so wrong in his mouth, so wrong in the air between them. It wasn’t a kiss – it wasn’t anything like what Sherlock did with him, pressing his lips to his so sweetly and cautiously and only inviting himself inside of John’s mouth if and only if John gave the okay;
“That...” John eased off his prosthetic, and Sherlock only glanced back it for a moment – it was still a sight to see him without it, but Sherlock never stared in a way that John would notice. “...That... Do you really think there’s a place that doesn’t remind me of – of everything?” he asked.
Sherlock Holmes was absolutely livid – ready to kill whoever got in his way – ready to kill whoever did this to John.
do...and I don’t even give a
“Just make sure she doesn’t throw a fit,” the man said before turning his back on Sherlock and walking away, muttering something about how the actual toddler was being better-behaved than the older tributes were.
“What? What’s funny?” Sherlock demanded.
And now, as John stood in the place that Sherlock stood thirteen days ago, John realized that they both had thought about the same thing in that place, even though Sherlock hadn’t known it at the time.
Harry shook her head.
“Well, I didn’t. Let’s bag him up,” the first Peacekeeper said, and Harry was glad that the man did not touch her to check her pulse, or else he would’ve felt the hammering of her heart. Honestly, she was surprised they couldn’t hear it – it seemed so loud in her own ears that she was sure that it was going to give her away.
“Well, if the muttation’s dangerous, I’m sure the Capitol wouldn’t consider it failed, would they?” John asked, and Sherlock supposed he had a point. “Why are you covering your eyes?” he asked suddenly, changing the subject as he finally looked at Sherlock, and Sherlock pulled his hand away from his eyes, still making a point to look at anywhere but at John.
Harry groaned, stringing another arrow and shooting the Jabberjay down. Once she hit it, another Jabberjay took that one’s place, and John’s voice called out again.
“Hm?”
“When. You.
For instance, the first week Hannibal was a member of the Holmes household, Sherlock had woken up to the sound of Mycroft’s piano being played. He had run down the stairs, nearly tripping over himself as his feet remembered how to walk, and burst into sobs when he saw it wasn’t his brother sitting before the keys. He screamed at Hannibal, shoving him off of the stool and hitting him, calling him every curse he could think of, until he ran out of strength and collapsed on the floor, sobbing into the floorboards.
MYCROFT
“Of course,” Mycroft nodded. “It’s just a shame; I had wanted John to meet him –”
There weren’t days where John thought that maybe Sherlock was going to get through this and be some definition of okay, at some point – there were merely moments. Moments when, for a second, Sherlock would act like his old self – he’d ramble off a deduction out of nowhere (leaving John and Harry exchanging wide-eyed glances), or he’d stay in his room for about an hour and play the violin that Mycroft had bought for him before he died (he was teaching himself quite nicely), or he and Harry would joke around with sly remarks and middle fingers, or he and John would have a slight disagreement and he would sulk about the house for hours afterwards – but these were few and far between, only when he was caught in the right mood.
He had no idea how John had read his mind, but he was thankful for it – every plan he had come up with for initiating it made him roll his eyes at how utterly stupid it seemed. But it was happening, right now – within the next few minutes, Sherlock realized as John took off Sherlock’s shirt, and Sherlock went to work trying to remove his boyfriend’s pants.
And suddenly, Sherlock couldn’t tell if he had loosened his grip on John and Harry, or was holding on so tightly he couldn’t feel his grip on them, anymore – he couldn’t feel anything.
“If he says anything about you, or about John, you kick his ass, got it?” she asked, her face completely serious.
“This is
“Yeah, come in,” John replied, and Mycroft opened the door and walked inside, seemingly completely recovered from the way Sherlock had talked about him just a few hours ago, sitting on the edge of John’s bed as he sat up.
“As soon as he finds us he’s going to have a field day.”
“Hm?” John turned his head to look at Sherlock. “What do you mean?”
“You’ve got to let the lovers have their alone time, Mycroft,” Mrs. Hudson said, and Sherlock rolled his eyes. Sherlock had no idea what was keeping him from telling her off, but he did look at Mycroft to see him bent over his food, smirking to himself.
“Yeah, still not sure if that was the best way to go about it,” Alexander admitted. “But it worked, and I’m still here, so life’s looking up.”
“Damnit –” Sherlock hissed, tearing his hands from his face, rising from his bed, trying to ignore the feelings the memory of the dream invoked, and finding his way to his nearest stash of morphling.
written on the other. “John told me to give these to you – but it is imperative that you hide them from anyone who comes in or out of this room besides the three of us.”
Magnussen grinned.
“Like you and Jim Moriarty weren’t so different after all,” John guessed, just barely realizing that he had said Moriarty’s name for the first time since he had returned home from
Rescue My Heart Liz Longley - Harry's relationship with Louise
John looked to Sherlock, to find his boyfriend’s jaw moving with silent words he couldn’t figure out how to say out loud – he was never good at comforting others, and he was still trying to cope with Mycroft’s death, so it was okay with John that nothing was coming out. He was trying – he was trying so hard – and that was enough for John. After all, his parents had served as Sherlock’s foster parents whenever Mycroft couldn’t – it was impossible for Sherlock not to feel the loss as John did – in a way, they were his parents, too.
Happy New Year! 2018's been a rough one, kids - lots of ups and downs (mostly downs), and I for one have made a lot of mistakes. Here's to hoping 2019 is better than this year was, and that I make some better choices that can lead to be Better Me. And here's to hoping that all of us will see the end of this fic - I'm about three chapters (give or take) from the end, but there's another 30+ chapters for me to post, so don't fuss too much.
“No one’s coming up...oh! Robin Heaney’s off the grid! And Julia Waters is now swimming back to shore, having won the fight!” Caesar narrated for the viewers.
“What does this have to do with Mycroft?” Sherlock asked, still confused – or, at the very least, not wanting his brain to catch up, just yet –
“I just – I needed some air – It was suffocating in there, John. I couldn’t stop thinking about everything – everyone – me – I just couldn’t breathe,” Sherlock tried to explain, and John remembered exactly where Sherlock had been found – where his brother had found him and dragged him back to the training room –
The Avoxes all glanced at one another, silently deciding among themselves who would be the one to help him. For a moment, it looked like no one would.
PREPARE FOR LIKE A 60-CHAPTER FIC JFC
Keeping his eyes on John, Sherlock leaned forward, his mouth moving closer to John’s now-exposed area, and he was just about to make contact, glancing away from John’s eyes to ensure that his aim was perfect (which it was – of course it was), when John finally found his voice, his hand flying to Sherlock’s dark curls.
“It’s okay – I know how that feels –” John started, but Sherlock’s brain had already gone somewhere else. He bent his head forward, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes.
MYCROFT HOLMES flew through the sky and crashed RIGHT INTO JIM AND SEBASTIAN!
This seemed to anger the victors further, but Dean assured them all of three things:
“John Watson if we could just get a statement from you about your assault –”
“Do you have any more of John’s knives?” he asked, and Harry nodded, turning to her bag and looking through it. “I need two of them.”
The traps became fewer and farther between by sundown, and by the time night fell completely, darkening the jungle, there were no traps at all. Sherlock was thankful, happy he wouldn’t have to wander around in the night trying to steer himself clear of the nets and pulleys and things that would yank him up into a tree with no hope for escape.
River Bogg, 53, District 4.
Harry immediately put her guard up, wiping her eyes (as if Clara hadn’t just caught her crying) and crossing her arms, staring at her with a stony expression.
“Hi, everyone, my name is Alexander Waters, I’m from District Four and I won the sixty-eighth Hunger Games, and my older sister Julia is in the Games this year.” Alexander then gestured to at the elderly woman sitting beside him, who John knew which District she was from without even being told. “And this is Victoria Carter – she’s from District Six and she won the twenty-sixth Games, and her older brother Bradley got reaped this year.”
“Thanks for not killing me to get me out of the Games,” Harry said, a sly smile on her face. “I mean, it would’ve been really counter-intuitive if you did. And with the fact that I won? Embarrassing. Absolutely insulting, actually.”
“Just did what you always do? Do
me,” Sherlock blurted out.
The Fire (Remains) - The Dear Hunter
Music for this chapter:
This wasn’t a reaping ceremony at all. This was their funeral.
going to shed in front of this man.
Sherlock, on the other hand, looked gorgeous. He was in a tall black coat with the collar up to protect the back of his neck from the cold, despite the fact that coat was undone, revealing a blue scarf and a black blazer under it.
“Yeah – when she learned that her ability to hear was permanently lost, she was distraught and I mean, I think all of us felt that way, coming out of the Arena to learn that a part of you wasn’t able to be saved. But we all toughed it out, and even though Clover had a lot more work to do, she did, too. By the time the Victory Tour came around, it came out that she had developed a whole language with her hands, and everyone in District Ten was using it. Now all the mentors know how to sign, as well.”
Thanks, Sh – Have a good night
“I guess Mycroft saw you eyeing them up through a shop window in the Capitol during John’s victory tour,” he went on as Sherlock stepped forward, closer to the violin. “He was planning on buying you one for your birthday next year, but when the Quell was announced he bought it early.”
“Hm,” Mycroft nodded to himself as Sherlock put the glass back to his lips. “Well, speaking of that, I just want you to know...that your loss will break my heart.”
John watched Sherlock and Louise leave, and then turned around to watch Dean talking with each person who had went to him once the meeting was dismissed, showing a piece of paper to whoever asked or nodding and shaking the hands of whoever volunteered to help sort through the Avoxes’ files or join his screening panel. Dean looked up and caught John’s eye, and smiled apologetically, and John shrugged. He was the President, now; this was to be expected.
Somewhere, in the distance, he could hear gunshots, and he wasn’t sure if they were real or if they were just in his head.
“Calculated pudge,” John murmured to himself. “That’s smart – really smart.”
The mayor of District 11 read his words, and then John read his. For some reason, it felt as if this was only a practice run for him, and, with a realization that caused him to stumble over his words, he knew why: Beth and Andrew were both Bloodbath deaths. Neither of them made it to the final six, or even the final twelve; they narrowly made it into the final twenty. He did not know these tributes; John and Beth didn’t even look at each other, and he had only heard Andrew speak three words while sitting next to him on the ride to the Arena, and they weren’t even spoken to John directly.
Just to look at the wedding rings that never got to be.
“Well, they should. Because I am. And now, I just wish I...I wish I could’ve been better. Let them know that I had a heart.”
“Not. Dead. Yet.”
Fifteen hours, fifty-four minutes, thirty-six seconds.
“You’ve always been enough for me, John,” Sherlock assured him, quietly, and suddenly all of John’s previous fight was lost.
It was then John heard it – the roar of a hovercraft. It was coming fast – making its rounds – and if Sherlock didn’t move, it would find them.
(See the end of the chapter for
...real,” he said as he reached out and –
A-R-E Y-O-U H-U-R-T
Mycroft and Lavinia search for and find John.
“What do you think happens to the bad victors?” Sherlock asked quietly, looking straight ahead. “The ones who know the Capitol is bullshit and won’t let it control them?” he whispered as if someone was listening in on them.
“He’s eighteen, Nana,” Mycroft said as Sherlock shook her hand, muttering a half-hearted correction of his name, red in the face.
“Too bad,” Hannibal said, the smile finally reaching his lips as he took another step forward – leaving about a foot between Sherlock and himself.
“Yes, I got it,” Sherlock replied, his voice cold.
him – and then he looked out into the crowd, finding John’s eyes again. They looked back up at him, worried, as if asking him the question,
Without fail, Dean called every day to check on Sherlock, and Alexander called once a week (Wednesdays, specifically) to check on John. Sherlock would always take the phone into the kitchen to speak with Dean for half an hour, waving away anyone who entered the room whilst on the phone, but John always stood by the receiver in the sitting room for the two-minute conversation it took for Alexander to ask how everything was going or if they needed anything, and for John to say that he was fine and they’re alright. Even though Louise came to District 12 to visit once a month (at least), Harry and Louise called each other every day, religiously, talking for anywhere between ten minutes and two hours. One day, Harry dragged the goddamned plush chair over next to the phone so she could sit and talk to Louise, and the boys never moved it back, quickly dubbing it “Harry’s chair,” which even quicker became “Harry’s throne.”
He knew he shouldn’t have left John Watson alone with President Snow. In fact, even now every fiber of his being screamed against it. However, he didn’t have much of a choice; he couldn’t refuse President Snow without getting himself executed. John had tried to argue for him, to make Snow allow for him stay for whatever he had to say, but Mycroft knew Snow was not going to budge, and stopped John before their situation could get even worse.
Music:
Sherlock whipped around, and there, between two empty platforms almost nearly clear across from Sherlock, only just a little to his left, stood Archie Neal, in a blaringly yellow wetsuit, holding his stuffed mouse, huddling into himself, as if he was trying to hide, glancing between Sherlock and the mess at the Cornucopia.
“Harry –” her mother began, but Harry cut her off.
Sherlock ended up getting so frustrated that he took another hit of morphling just to calm himself down.
Their family had never missed a graduation – the celebration (congratulating and acknowledging the graduating kindergarten class, then the fourth grade class, then the eighth grade class, and then, finally, the twelfth grade class) was held on the Justice Building stage, the only place where the audience containing most of District 12 could fit comfortably. The families of the graduating classes would bring blankets to sit on, and cheer for each graduate as they crossed the stage. If this went badly, Harriet Watson would have only walked across that stage three times, once when she was six for graduating kindergarten, once when she was ten for graduating fourth grade, and once when she was fourteen for graduating eighth grade. If Magnussen killed her, she would never cross that stage to celebrate her graduating from twelfth grade – she would never turn seventeen, much less eighteen.
“Nothing I can think of. We’re stopping at District Eleven tomorrow; you’ll be meeting the families of –”
At this, Hannibal’s demeanor changed as if someone had flipped a switch inside of him – from polite and conversational to dark and about ready to snap John’s neck. This would’ve been something that chilled John to his very core, but Sherlock and Harry had won the Hunger Games, and Charles Augustus Magnussen was dead. At this point, he wasn’t afraid of anything, not even of Charles Augustus’ cannibal brother attacking him in the middle of the Capitol’s Hunger Games after-party.
Trust Me - The Fray
Lemonworld - The National
“Thanks, Mycroft,” he said instead, and went to his room, and wrote two notes – one for his sister and one for his boyfriend.
You There - Aquilo
Sherlock glanced up, and Harry’s eyes met his, just for a moment, before he broke eye contact again. He couldn’t look at her, not while he told her to –
As soon as he reached the bottom of the stairs, he found Harry walking by – from the kitchen to the sitting room.
Two more rustles –
Again he thought of Sherlock as a father – of himself as a father – he thought of the fact that he and Sherlock had fallen in love and would never be able to live out their lives happily together. He thought of all the mentors – every single one, and what they faced each day, waking up from nightmares to the flashbacks they had to relive over and over –
you know?” she asked.
“Fighting,” Hannibal answered smoothly, and she looked to Dean.
“Mycroft’s right – he’s terribly busy – we should go.”
“No, I’m okay, I just...I have a stupid question,” John said quietly, closing the door behind him.
Antonia brings Alexander, Harry, John, and Sherlock to Dean, running into a few friends along the way; Dean introduces Harry, John, and Sherlock to a major leader in the rebellion.
John pressed his hand to the side of Sherlock’s cheek, and Sherlock leaned into the touch.
“Of course we have – we’re taught to swim before we know how to walk – and we know how to fish before we know how to write our own names,” Dean replied, chuckling. “It’s really beautiful out there, actually.”
“No...no...not yet...” Sherlock groaned.
“Yes?”
“Yes, what has he done, now?” he asked, impatient.
“Hey,” she said, and tilted her head to the side. “Are you okay?”
“What about him?” Mycroft asked, glancing at Sherlock. “You have to play off of each other, now.”
“Sherlock…” Mycroft sighed. “It’s been here all along.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, finally satisfied.
“Almost there,” Alexander promised.
“I’m what?” Sherlock asked, missing many beats.
And so, Sherlock dealt with it the one way he knew how, just like he had, before.
Besides the way everyone had looked at Sherlock upon his arrival, and the destruction of the bread shop, District 12 looked simultaneously the same and completely different, in Sherlock’s eyes. It didn’t take much logic for him to know exactly why: District 12 was, more or less, exactly the same as when he left it, but Sherlock had changed so much that the place that had always looked the same to him was suddenly so undeniably different that he almost couldn’t take it. Entering the Victor’s Village was even worse, the summer air nearly suffocating Sherlock as he and the others walked by the Watson’s empty house, but it was nothing compared to walking into his own home.
“John. I'm not going to ask you to choose between us; we both know that it's not me that you'd save – don't try to dispute it –” he said quickly as John opened his mouth to do exactly that. “– we know it's true. I promise you I’ll do everything I can to protect her.”
She pulled two of the knives out and stood back up.
“Where are you taking me?” Sherlock asked.
“SHERLOCK!” John shouted, and Sherlock looked up, just barely seeing him through all the people, Harry standing by his side, freed from the man.
“Hm.” Snow slowly nodded to himself, and then changed the subject. “Would either of you like a drink?”
“But it’s never like this – you can’t see the fish in a frozen pond; the ice is too thick. Do you think we’re scaring them?” he asked, looking back up at John, puzzled.
“Did – did they give me a new –?” Sherlock began to ask, but Harry nodded, cutting him off.
It took Sherlock a second, however, to realize that the man – Daniel Cairns – was holding an infant, wrapped up in a blanket to protect them from the cold. The baby was not even a year old, as far as Sherlock could tell.
A strong-smelling ointment was applied to the eleven tracker jacker wounds covering his body, and, when the doctors were done cleaning out his other injuries, the same ointment was applied to them, as well.
He looked to his right, where Dean Bainbridge from District 4, introduced himself and reminded everyone that his older brother, Steven, would be in the Arena. The next man, who wasn’t that much older than John, stood up. Everything about him screamed charming and charisma and confidence – John would think this man made a mistake finding himself here, but then he noticed movements in his right leg John knew all too well from maneuvering his left one the same way.
“You know Dr. Monroe?” Harry asked, randomly, and Sherlock looked over at her as a memory flooded his mind – a certain memory he hadn’t thought about in years:
It was at that moment that the buzzer sounded, and the crowd began to cheer Sherlock and Mycroft off the stage, but Sherlock quickly spoke, lifting his microphone closer to his mouth so the audience – so Caesar – could hear him before his microphone was turned off.
“Three, actually,” Sherlock corrected him.
“I can’t believe it!”
“John! How does it feel to be back together with Sherlock?”
His name was Sherlock Holmes. He was eighteen years old. He was in a bathtub in the training center’s penthouse. It was eleven twenty-two in the morning. Fifteen hours, seventeen minutes, forty-six seconds.
“I think that was the only time I questioned whatever the hell this is,” John said quietly, as Sherlock turned his head again to look up at the ceiling. “I mean, not my feelings for you – once I figured that out I never looked back – but the fact that we’re together.”
“His name was Athan Norbury,” Dean said, and Sherlock nodded, not finding anything he could say about the matter.
“Did you want to stop?” Sherlock asked. “I mean, before I –”
“It’s just odd to see you without him, these days,” John’s mother translated.
It would almost be poetic – one Holmes boy being unable to live without the other.
Also, I held a contest for the names of the minor characters that crop up in this chapter, so the shoutouts that I promised:
“Goodbye, John,” he muttered, and walked away, leaving John behind for the last time.
about you. Because I’m your boyfriend and I
So he quietly asked Dean to keep an eye on his sister, and then looked at the girl, and nodded.
“How are you doing?” Mycroft finally asked one night, sitting at the kitchen table as Sherlock passed by to fetch a glass of water. He spoke quickly, as if he was trying to get the words out before he changed his mind.
“You know, in the world.” Sherlock said, and John shooed him away from the door so he could close it – leaving it open just a crack. “It can’t be just us, here – it really can’t,” Sherlock spoke through the crack, leaning his head against the doorframe, as John started the shower and began to take off his clothes. “We’d know about it – we’d hear about other victors and travel the oceans to meet them. Have Hunger Games conventions and whatnot.”
“Myc? Really?” Sherlock asked, and Mycroft glared at his brother and shushed him immediately.
And Harry obeyed.
But, despite the overabundance of irises (a Johnlock symbol the two lovers tended to separate themselves from most of the time), the fact that just about all of Panem showed up to see Sherlock and John exchange their vows, and the fact that Sherlock spent most of that morning grumpy and wondering if it was too late to call the whole thing off and just make their wedding a footnote in the Capitol newspaper, Sherlock remembered the day quite fondly. The two were wed in April, between John’s twenty-second and Harry’s nineteenth birthdays. Alexander Waters served as John’s best man, and Harry served as Sherlock’s, and President Dean Bainbridge officiated the entire thing. He remembered the exchanging of vows like they had been spoken only yesterday:
And now here she was, fifteen years later, being able to walk even better than him, watching the area around her, fighting the urge to run.
Mycroft needed grounding, too, and Sherlock knew just how to do that.
So just after Dean stood up and told the others he was going to be in his room for the night, a thought occurred to John – one that hadn’t crossed his mind in months – and he used a trip to the washroom as an excuse to make his way to Dean’s room.
The way Mycroft looked at him –
“They want Johnlock,” she called to him, and despite the two-foot distance that was between them, he couldn’t hear her over the cheering crowd. But he could read her lips. “Go get him.”
They all fell into these routines, and they were living with them, and living around each other’s. It wasn’t much, but every day slowly became easier to bear.
The moment Sherlock and Harry returned from their training (Harry walking with Sherlock up the staircase), Harry gathered John and they both went into Mycroft’s office, where he was working. Harry was the one who knocked, and though they were allowed to enter the room, they opened the door to discover that Mycroft had not looked up from his work.
“Wait, really? What about Sherlock?” she asked, before looking at Sherlock, starting to open her mouth again to assure Sherlock that she she didn’t mean it like that and that it wasn’t that she didn’t trust him to let him go to his meetings by himself, but John spoke before she could.
Sherlock shuddered internally, but pressed on – he had not visited the memory for that.
– for you!” he exclaimed, before letting go of Sherlock. “It was all for you. When he first came to me talking about starting a rebellion I asked him why and you know what he said? ‘Because Sherlock hates the Capitol, and we’re both tired of them taking me away from him. Because he’s not safe from the Hunger Games.’ Sherlock, he
“I wanted to see what would happen.”
“I think Sherlock’s gonna go with me, tonight. To my meeting.”
“No, look, you’ve got school,” John said, swinging his legs over the bed and letting Harry pass him his prosthetic leg. “I’ll go look for him – there’s a few places I think he’d go –”
“What do you want?” Sherlock asked, trying not to sound as exasperated as he felt.
Sherlock let go of her and smiled, grateful.
On the days that both of the Watson siblings were gone, leaving Sherlock alone in the house, Sherlock found the silence deafening, and left the house, as well, just to get out. Mostly, Sherlock would spend the time running errands or picking up more morphling from the Capitol man who supplied it to him.
He was trapped. He couldn’t do this. There was no way he would be able to go up there and point at Sherlock and personally call for his death. He couldn’t do that to either of them.
John to like Alexander. It was easier to talk to him than to anyone else, beyond Lavinia and Antonia.
– he was just letting it happen. He was letting himself die. And, if he was completely honest with himself, he wasn’t completely sure whether he wanted to die or not. Yes, he wanted to stay alive for John and Harry – he wanted to get better for them and to be happy again for them – but they were just about the only things keeping him alive. At the end of the day, if he was alive, he was alive, and if he was dead, well…
“Not in so many words, but yes.”
That’s how Charles Augustus assaulted John.
Vide Noir by Lord Huron
“You know what I mean,” Sherlock deadpanned, side-eyeing his boyfriend. “I…I’m trying to get better and get over everything, but then I go out into public and I see… I didn’t have to think about it as much, when I was high. I saw it and it registered but I didn’t have to dwell on it. It was easy to ignore it – what they were thinking. But now…” he trailed off for a second. “And it doesn’t help that he’s all I see, here,” he whispered, staring ahead, his hand steadily squeezing John’s, now. “When I’d run off, I…I figured out that there isn’t a single place that doesn’t remind me of him. But I feel like if I was somewhere else – in another District, maybe – maybe I wouldn’t feel like he was everywhere, as much.”
He knew he had seen them before, just like how he had seen the Ravenstag and the traps made of ropes that couldn’t be cut through before. These were a recycled element of the Thirty-Ninth Hunger Games, a Capitol mutation just like the Ravenstag. These crows were genetically bred by the Capitol to be larger and meaner and far more dangerous than their natural counterpart.
“He gave me trouble, too.”
“Yes?” John coaxed, and Sherlock sighed.
By the time Seneca Crane entered the room, everyone had sat down. For the first time in Hunger Games history, all twenty-four of the mentor’s seats were filled. John was just about to ask what the empty seats in front were for, but then he saw twelve more people file into the room and take the empty seats for their own: apparently the rest of the Gamemakers were also privy to this meeting.
“Because I always know!” Sherlock exclaimed. “Honestly, the better question is how do
“Me too.”
As soon as they were in and Sherlock saw the Capitol’s fancy medical team all dressed in white, prepped and ready to go, he instinctively positioned himself between Harry and the doctors.
Harry and Louise get together, like in the original fic.
“Where’s –?” Mycroft muttered as if he had read John’s mind, sitting up in his chair, searching the room for someone. “– Ah.” John followed Mycroft’s gaze, finding Louise Neal striding into the room in a black dress with matching heels, head held high. “There she is.” John watched her climb up the steps and go into District 9’s row of chairs, and when she sat down in the chair next to the aisle seat he could’ve sworn he saw her wipe her eyes.
At one point, he glanced over at John, and saw his mouth moving. He concentrated for a moment, and was soon able to hear the words coming from his mouth, but only faintly, as if he was talking underwater:
“Something happened to you today.”
brother –
Sherlock sat up in bed, breathing hard, trying to ignore everything that he felt – everything that he was
“Good; that hat’s ridiculous.”
Finally, he drew his attention to the replaying scene of Sherlock and Harry winning the Games.
This had been the third time Sherlock had asked for Emmettson Blasscliffe by name, going as far as giving John his address and physical description, in case John actually wanted to go out and find the man, to explain the situation and beg him to give Sherlock some relief.
He just had to get through the rest of this recap.
She nodded, and let go of the bag. Magnussen fell to his hands and knees, ripping the bag from his throat, gasping, just as he had left Sherlock moments ago.
“You ready?” he asked, and Sherlock nodded.
Until they were in front of him.
“I hope not,” Sherlock breathed, squeezing onto Harry’s hand. “For John’s sake, I
“Mycroft?”
“And who would that be?” he asked.
Mycroft couldn’t save him anymore –
Dean looked away from Sherlock, toward Mycroft’s desk, and picked up a stray paperweight. Sherlock watched him closely as he balanced it in the palm of his hand, and just when he was about to completely lose patience with him, Dean began to explain.
This was all just smoke and mirrors and Capitol computers, and Sherlock knew it. He knew it he knew it he knew it –
“He wants me to be his friend,” he muttered, and Dean tilted his head, confused, almost like he didn’t hear him.
Little Hell - City and Colour
“Don’t worry about it; dwelling over who’s been lost in your Arena will kill you, it really will.”
“Damnit –” John pressed his forehead to Sherlock’s, and sighed, shoving all of the air out of his lungs and in between them, and then spoke. “Why don’t I ever notice – I’m a bloody doctor –”
He wanted to give him a fond memory to look back upon – he had planned on sleeping with John that night since he found out he would be going into the Arena. In fact, he probably had the lube in the nightstand drawer in his room – the condoms in his pocket – the thought in his head – as Caesar conducted their interviews.
He turned back around, sticking his finger in the man’s face as he spoke.
Sherlock checked his – previously Mycroft’s, and previously their father’s, before that – pocket watch and sighed, frustrated.
believe will win the Seventy-Fifth Annual Hunger Games? Place your bets now, and may the odds be ever in your favor!”
John opened his eyes from behind his hand.
“Did he finally have an epiphany about what he did?” Sherlock asked. As far as the reports went on Caesar, even though he was completely aware of everything he did and his contribution to the Hunger Games, he still thought his role in the Hunger Games was completely innocent – that he only spoke to them and tried to make the look good for sponsors, that he was trying to help them – that it was their own fault that anyone who died in the Games were killed.
John had never heard so much about their family, about Mr. and Mrs. Holmes. He asked all his questions, even the ones that he didn’t know he had – what they looked like, how they felt about their children’s genius, what they were like to strangers, if the two boys had ever discussed them after their deaths…
“Yes,” Harry admitted quietly. “It was last year when you were in the Arena. Sherlock and I used to split bottles from Mycroft’s stash and then I started drinking entire bottles on my own.”
“Alexander,” John gasped out a sigh, not realizing until now that he had been holding his breath all this time.
“It kind of does.”
“Octaiva! Flavius! Venia! You said you wanted to fix my face!” John all but shouted, face bright red, turning to the prep team. “And the rest of me. Let’s go do that! Right now!”
Sherlock went from Harry to the shore, hoping that Magnussen would be there. His eyes scanned around, and he quickly found the third of the Arena that contained Magnussen – the only area that was not either obscured with fog or quickly becoming covered with snow. He looked to the Cornucopia – the island in the exact center of the Arena – and could see a long table filled with the Capitol’s finest food, just waiting for the final three tributes.
He had to speak – he had to start talking – he had to
They had done it – both of them. Sherlock and Harry were on their way back to the Capitol, and then, they’d go home, back to District Twelve. Not in coffins or in body bags – they’d be alive.
“You’re coming on the tour with us! Everyone wants to see the Hunger Games’ favorite couple, after all!” she announced, and Sherlock looked at John.
“He had been on our side since the very beginning, and I suppose the Peacekeepers knew that going into the battle – he was one of the first people killed.”
Sherlock felt the need to – the desire to – the pull to go see Mycroft, as well, to speak to him, to say goodbye, but he couldn’t feel his legs.
John makes a new friend; Sherlock and Harry reunite for the opening ceremony, and get their first glimpse at Charles Augustus Magnussen.
“Absolutely, Mr. Holmes,” the driver replied, and started on his way to their destination, leaving the prison, and everyone within it, behind them.
“Do you think it’s because of the Morphling that you survived?” she asked. “Maybe they share a similar property or something – you had built a tolerance to that, so maybe you did to the tracker jackers too?”
weird, and you go around with me.”
Caesar Flickerman interviews each team of siblings before the Games; Sherlock and John take their relationship to the next step, one last time.
St. Peter’s Cathedral by Death Cab for Cutie
“John Watson? Hello, how are –”
John shrugged, trying to be casual, and repeated his argument:
The man sighed and rolled his eyes, pulling out his money card. John watched hungrily, anxiously, as the man punched in an amount.
have to deal with Sherlock’s overly-concerned, extremely protective older brother. Which, in a way, was so much worse than all of his previous girlfriends’ fathers combined.
“Hannibal Magnussen,” Mycroft replied, shaking his hand firmly. “How are you?”
Brother Mine?” Mycroft asked, slowly.
“There are
“We’re heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeere,” Mycroft announced conversationally, leaving his office and peeking his head into the room where Sherlock and John were eating a very late breakfast.
Around ten-thirty in the morning, when the train pulled into District 12’s station, the group was only partially surprised by the small crowd that had gathered to greet them.
She put her head in her hands, sobbing.
“Wait, what?” John finally managed to ask, before he could stop himself.
“It’s really that much,” Mycroft assured him.
“I guess Will Graham killed you, after all,” he said.
“Yes, it’s really me, and I’ll be willing to autograph whatever you want me to sign, but could you please refrain from making a fool of yourself and just take me to this address, first?” he asked, passing the driver a torn piece of an envelope.
Sherlock, John, Harry, and Alexander hide from Peacekeepers; Sherlock and John mourn over the loss.
“So what are the sashes for?” John asked, gesturing to his own.
This was definitely some sort of laboratory, and judging by the sort of bed that was in his cell, the prisoners – and subjects – were human.
“So, we could be walking into it right now,” Sherlock noted.
Pinterest, where I post pictures about Hungerlock (because I'm a DORK): https://www.pinterest.com/saraherbert37
“Dean, hello,” Mycroft replied politely.
“Yes,” John breathed, nodding again. “I didn’t tell you because I wanted you to be
Female Robbery - The Neighbourhood
But, despite the overabundance of irises (a Johnlock symbol the two lovers tended to separate themselves from most of the time), and the fact that just about all of Panem showed up to see Sherlock and John exchange their vows, and that Sherlock spent most of that morning grumpy and wondering if it was too late to call the whole thing off and just make their wedding a footnote in the Capitol newspaper, Sherlock remembered the day quite fondly. The two were wed in April, between John’s twenty-second and Harry’s nineteenth birthdays. Alexander Waters served as John’s best man, and Harry served as Sherlock’s, and President Dean Bainbridge officiated the entire thing. He remembered the exchanging of vows like they had been spoken only yesterday:
“Where’s your leg?” he asked, and John, obviously still slightly stunned by his appearance, shook his head.
And then the movement of the line caught up with them – the horses stepped forward, pulling the chariot behind them, and pulled Sherlock away from John.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t think it’s death itself that’s surprising; it’s the
John froze, a chill running up his spine, as the truth sent a bullet into his heart and tore his stomach open and apart: John was going to be his new favorite.
I Just Wanted You To Get Old by Nataly Dawn
Please Don't Go - Barcelona
“Did you just...
Forget Love, I Just Want You To Make Sense To Me Tonight - Anchor & Braille
It was about then Sherlock checked out.
“Where’s Mycroft?” he asked.
“Goodbye, Hannibal,” Sherlock said, turned around, and began to walk to the door.
John could feel himself shaking under Mycroft’s unyielding grip as they walked, and forcibly tried to remind himself that it was indeed Mycroft behind him – Mycroft who had his hands on him – and definitely not Magnussen or –
If All Goes Well by The Dear Hunter (for Mycroft gaining confidence about the Rebellion, just before it all goes to shit)
DING DONG THE WICKED WITCH IS DEAD!!
Shout by Scandroid (for Mycroft making friends through the rebellion)
Music:
“Thanks,” Harry whispered when they were out of Charles Augustus’ earshot but not quite yet into Archie’s.
“But this is – this is different –”
Hannibal grinned.
And there was Harry Watson, Harriet Catherine Watson – his best friend, his sister – her hair and eyes like fire, pulling the straps of her red bag around Magnussen’s neck, pulling it back like a noose.
“Hm, I guess I couldn’t stop you, seeing as you won’t care if I spill your secret or not...” Magnussen said with a shrug, but then he took a curved knife out of his pocket – the one that had been provided for him by the Capitol – the same one his brother had used to kill Will Graham twenty-five years ago. “Or, maybe I could stop you.”
“Absolutely not,” Sherlock shot back, taking the tags from the table himself, gripping them in his hand until it hurt.
“Mycroft Holmes!” Dean Bainbridge exclaimed, and John only glanced away for a moment to see Dean clapping Mycroft on the back.
Because he was still holding onto John Watson’s hand.
start crying then
CONTENT WARNING! SUPER EXPLICIT LIKE OMG
“Sherlock Holmes?”
Also, thank you so much for the comments on my previous chapters! I may not always answer but I do always read them, and I kind of live for them. So thank you. ^^
“Thanks for not killing me to get me out of the Games,” she said, a sly smile on her face. “I mean, it would’ve been really counter-intuitive if you did. And with the fact that I won? Embarrassing. Absolutely insulting, actually.”
Harry sighed, blowing air through her teeth.
wasn’t in that room. Whenever the thought derailed his train of thought, he pushed through it, even though he could hear in his own voice how quickly it upset him.
and Mrs. Martha Hudson for the Capitol Representative.
are going to figure out John’s big secret. Because I know you know it, deep down in your mind palace – you’ve already figured out that John’s in trouble, haven’t you? Of course you have. So, you’re going to start talking, and I am going to listen, and Harriet, here, will continue to be the most vital part of this conversation by letting me flick her face. You tell us all the secret, and I’ll stop flicking Harriet’s face. If not...well,” he said, tightening his grip on the curved knife, and Sherlock got the message loud and clear. “Let’s not focus on that part, just yet.”
It was always hard for Sherlock when John was lost like this – lost within his own head. It was probably even harder for John, and Sherlock always kept that in mind; Sherlock’s pain was irrelevant – this wasn’t about him. This was about John, and it would only ever be about John.
“Sure?” he replied, sounding more concerned than he wanted to be.
“And he hated it – I could tell. Sure, his body reacted accordingly, but I would look at his face and he...he hated it. I kept asking him if he was alright – if he wanted to stop – I kept telling him we didn’t have to keep going – until finally he just told me to stop giving him the option. He had told me to stop trying to give him a way out, because none of them would. In his mind, he
John sat up and pulled his shirt over his head before beginning to remove the last bit of clothing from Sherlock’s body, and it was at that moment the sound of rapid tapping filled the dark room, and Sherlock’s vision began to shake.
“Sherlock Holmes, go back to your seat,” Dean ordered and Sherlock quickly stood up straight with an intake of breath – acting as if he was ripped from the moment he and Hannibal were sharing – and, without breaking eye contact, Sherlock backed away from the podium.
None of them knew who did it, but the two hugging forms merged into one – all four of them hugging and comforting each other and crying not only for the loss of Mr. and Mrs. Watson, but of Mycroft and even Archie, too.
Two thousand, seven hundred, and sixty seven names in all. The font was small, but the good news was that it would never get smaller than this – there would never be any names other than these.
The next second, someone flew toward them, and wrapped their arms around John and Mycroft’s necks. The person squeezed them tightly, and then jumped back, beaming in a way that John hadn’t seen since her brother died. Louise Neal was grinning from ear to ear, tears streaming down her face. Alexander Waters, Clover Frankland, and Dean Bainbridge waved to them from the crowd, smiles also spread across their faces.
He handed the envelopes to their rightful owner, and Harry hugged it to her chest.
“I know,” Sherlock said quietly, nodding. “With everything else going on I figured I’d let you come to me with it as opposed to pestering you about it.”
And then they heard the trumpets.
But that wasn’t the reason Mycroft hadn’t introduced Sherlock to any other victor until now, and Sherlock knew it. The real reason was much deeper than that: Mycroft didn’t want to expose Sherlock to the Games more than he had to. But John was in it now, which dragged Sherlock so far in he couldn’t stay out.
Mycroft met them at the penthouse, the doors to the elevator opening to reveal his lethal stare, before anyone could escape into their rooms.
“You’re lucky you’re Mycroft’s brother.”
Mycroft had asked, and John remembered being so caught off guard by Mycroft’s sudden authoritative tone – something that he had heard Mycroft use in the past but never directed at him, until now. And, for the first time ever, John realized that, since he was in a romantic relationship with Sherlock Holmes, while he wouldn’t have to deal with any overprotective fathers like he had in his previous relationships, he
Harry Watson was not going to let Sherlock die.
After a few moments, Mycroft finally spoke.
(See the end of the chapter for
panicked, apart from one time in their childhood when Mycroft genuinely feared that Sherlock would be taken away from him, so Sherlock always attributed his ability to keep calm and think things through to his brother.
ask him a question,” Sherlock muttered, and Harry chuckled.
Hannibal smiled, and John’s heart raced, trying to think of a good reply.
“Hey, John?”
So, Magnussen wouldn’t be going to the Cornucopia, which Sherlock was only slightly relieved to know, since the only way for Sherlock to get to the Cornucopia involved swimming through freezing cold saltwater.
“Because you didn’t say his name,” Sherlock said, cutting her off.
“I need to contain the spark that William and Harriet have created. The only way I can do that is making sure that Panem knows that there can only ever be one winner of the Hunger Games,” he informed them. “And I need your help to do this. Namely, John Watson’s help,” he said, smiling at John, and then he turned his attention to one of the Peacekeepers standing behind them. “Would you escort Mister Holmes back to the training center? I need to have a private word with Mister Watson.”
“Who’s gonna be there?” John asked, and listened to James’ answer before speaking again as Sherlock thought about what he was hearing. The Hewlett family had been the Magnussen’s neighbors since Hannibal won the Games, and, given the things his brother had done, he was sure that Helen Hewlett had been one of his victims. So, why was James holding a meeting? Then it clicked in his head. “Yeah, I know why. Anyone from the Capitol going?”
“Are you alright?”
“I have,” Sherlock breathed back. “A few times. Rarely, it was because of me. Most of the time, it was because of the Games – because of nightmares,” he went on, looking away from the branches of the trees and down at his feet as he spoke. “When Mycroft first came home from the Arena, I slept in his bed with him, every night, for a year, at least. There were…quite a few nights in which I woke up to Mycroft screaming next to me. So, yes…I’ve heard it before.”
This was the first time Sherlock was anywhere near a sibling of someone that he had personally killed in the Arena.
The gunshot.
Unable to keep quiet any longer, knowing that if she stayed still for another second it would be too late, Harry jumped up, sheer panic giving her a surge of adrenaline, and she ran on still-unsteady feet at the Peacekeepers, and launched herself onto the back of the nearest one.
Which put them here, about to re-enter the party with a sense of accomplishment: Sherlock Holmes had come back from the dead, and
“No,” John found his voice again, and felt as if his bones were falling apart inside of him, stabbing at his insides –
