For maybe the first time in his life, he’s truly grateful to be alive.
Sherlock fisted his hands in John’s shirt. His eyes were blazing. “He hasn’t had time to get far. You’ve got to get him. He knows we’re after him now. He’ll change locations. We’ll have to start all over again… Please, John.”
Sherlock does. He drinks it all down and then passes the empty cup back to John, breathless.
Sherlock purses his lips. “One thing I’m especially good at.”
John’s voice is fierce, his blue eyes blazing.
He keeps his eyes firmly in his lap.
“Better?” he asks softly, and the worry must still be clear in his voice because Sherlock can see John make an effort to find a smile.
But he’s painfully aware of the fact that they are still in public, in the middle of a room crowded with people, and although dancing together may be one thing, there are certain lines that cannot be crossed, certain rules of propriety that cannot be breached, and pulling John into his arms to embrace him fully is certainly one of them.
The thought that John was
John gasped in shocked pleasure, hips startling up into Sherlock’s mouth. Miraculously, Sherlock didn’t choke. Instead, his mouth sank deeper to take more of John.
Sherlock hears him make an appreciative noise at the sight of it and Sherlock feels his breathing go shallow at the sound—he can
For about half a minute he cannot speak he’s so overwhelmed with gratitude, but Billy is clearly waiting for an answer so he says softly: “Tell him I’ll be ready.”
“Certainly not, Mr. Bailey!” Ms. Grimsby snaps at the awkward young barrister. “Madras is a post controlled and operated by the British Empire. The seedy shores of Rio de Janeiro are quite another matter.”
John tilts Sherlock’s mouth up towards his with the finger still under his chin, brushing his lips over Sherlock’s, feather-light.
Sherlock remembers learning this and staring at the smooth fragment in his hand in awe. That the ocean had such transformative power—to take a material as sharp and brittle as glass and change it into this lovely soft glowing gem, so pleasing to feel against his palm—it was a source of ceaseless wonder to him. Sherlock had taken to carrying bits of sea glass in his pockets, running his fingers over them when he felt anxious.
The heat is just as bad as yesterday but the energy of the group seems livelier somehow—or perhaps, it’s just that today Sherlock is actually giving them his full attention.
The sweet, wet heat of John’s mouth coupled with the lovely friction of his hand on Sherlock’s cock drives a spike of pleasure through him so intense, so white-hot with feeling that he fears in that moment that he will break apart.
John saw the sweep of Sherlock’s gaze moving over it all, taking in every detail, and watched his posture grow stiffer with every step, the gloved fingers of his left hand curling into a fist at his side.
His heart has not stopped pounding since John approached all lean and wet and smelling of the ocean, bright gold and shimmering like the sun itself, his longing for Sherlock pouring off of him in waves.
“Is it alright?”
He caught John’s gaze as John looked up at him and for the first time, seemed to notice the blood on his own face. He wiped at it, distracted, with the sleeve of his shirt.
Sherlock studies the lovely white of John’s teeth—remembers with sudden visceral clarity running his tongue along the outside of them, against the inside of John’s bottom lip, remembers how shockingly soft it was—and flushes hot at the memory.
“You have?” Sherlock asks, utterly shocked.
Sherlock does. The grass is soft, the air sweet with the smell of flowers. He lays his head against John's shoulder and John begins to sing.
When John stood up, the glow of the clock by Sherlock’s bed told him it was even later than he’d thought. He hadn’t realized how long they’d been talking.
“Mmm—Morris,” Sherlock says, feeling like a fool as soon as he says it.
John pushed his face deeper just at the thought, moaning into the moist heat, his tongue thrusting in an even rhythm.
ness to his silence as though it didn’t belong there, as though his body longed to communicate a different emotion entirely but wasn’t able to, or wasn’t allowed to.
Sherlock bent low over him, his hands sliding around to hold John by the hips, his mouth descending to lick a burning trail down the curve of John’s belly to the groove where the waistband of his pants was stretched taut across his iliac crest.
He feels faint—insubstantial—as though he left a part of himself back in that alcove, as if he poured something vital into John through the touch of his mouth and now he finds he does not know how to function without it.
Sherlock feels his cheeks heat and bites his lip, pressing his pen so hard against the page that he makes a blot across the last three measures.
“What—what should I do when he comes?”
The man’s medical case is sitting out in plain sight, and it takes Sherlock less than a minute to locate the bottle he needs and pull it out from its place among the rest. The sleeping man does not stir as Sherlock gently replaces the lid of the wooden case and slips, without a sound, from that fetid room and back through the shadows of the orlop deck to the stairs.
John’s breath was one long hiss. He let his shoulders fall back with a thump against the wall.
John’s voice was low but deadly. “Take one more step towards me and I will shoot you through the heart.”
, this is very good because it means Sherlock’s head is more level with John’s, which makes it easier for John to deepen the kiss, his hands carding through Sherlock’s curls, fingers scraping luxuriantly against Sherlock’s scalp, and now Sherlock is
But Billy only shakes his head. He squirms in Sherlock’s grasp. “I can’t, Sherlock, sir. I’ve got to go.”
Sherlock leaned over and put his mouth to John’s ear. “Stop fidgeting.”
“What is it?”
He’s silent for a moment, and Sherlock waits.
John laughed, startled. “Not usually, no. Rarely. Actually never. It’s never this intense.”
John leans in until his mouth is close against Sherlock’s ear.
How? How can it be possible that John knows how to play the guitar?
“It’s alright. It’s just me. Go back to sleep.”
They all watched as Marty Jones pulled a gun from his coat and trained it on the two dogs who were still locked together in bloody combat.
“What can I say? I can’t keep my hands off you.”
It was like being in a Sherlock cocoon—Sherlock’s tongue in his mouth, Sherlock’s hand on his cock, Sherlock’s body surrounding him at every point, cradling him, holding him together.
The sailor chuckles and shakes his head. “You don’t know our Johnny. He’s never fallen once. Ain’t never seen a seaman with such a pair of arms and legs as our Johnny Boy. He’s as nimble as they come. Just wait till he gets out to the yard-arms.”
He bows to them both again, careful to wait to make his own exit from the room until after they have left.
, Sherlock thinks in horrified disbelief.
In spite of all this, that night when Sherlock finally slips into troubled sleep, his dreams are full of long white beaches, the gentle crash of turquoise waves foaming against the sand, and far down the shore, a distant figure walking towards him, his bare arms wide open, the sunlight turning his golden hair to flame.
Without opening his eyes, John lifts his arm and settles it over Sherlock’s shoulders, pulling Sherlock in close against him. Sherlock rests his cheek against John’s shoulder and looks up at him, watches the flush receding from John’s chest and throat, the delicate tremor of his pulse in his closed eyelids.
It had been five days since they’d found the bodies in the dumpster and John hadn’t seen Sherlock in two, so he was surprised to come home from a late night shift at the hospital to find Sherlock sitting in the living room, literally adrift in a sea of papers. Sherlock was so focused he didn’t notice John come in.
“You’re sure you won’t come ashore, Gertrude? Not even just for the morning?”
John looks up at him in mild surprise, his hands smoothing down Sherlock’s sides as he fights to catch his breath. “What is it?”
Sherlock lifted both hands to hold John’s face, the slide of his mouth warm and wet over John’s, the only sound in the quiet room other than their mouths the low crackle of the fire beside them.
until I am not, until I’m pressing
“And did it feel—good?” Sherlock asks, as his fingers find the place on John’s body, his touch inquisitive.
It’s like sitting a starving man down in front of a banquet and then leading him away before he can begin eating, Sherlock thinks desperately, pressing his cheek against the cool wood of the door, feeling mad, feverish.
want it—"
Fionn starts them off, and Aidan joins in with the melody not long after. They play it once through, and this time Sherlock directs all of his attention to the music, his focus absolute. He’s determined to begin playing as soon as John starts to sing.
So Sherlock asks him—even though he already knows, he asks.
John reached out and took hold of Sherlock’s hand where it lay motionless beside his wine glass. He squeezed Sherlock’s fingers between his own, saw the crease between Sherlock’s eyebrows deepen in confusion.
ETA: If you'd like to see a gorgeous rendition of John and Sherlock getting it on in the middle of the fire, please, please check out
One day, he is sitting and watching the young sailor braiding knots into a length of rope. Sherlock can’t take his eyes off the speed, the dexterity of the man’s small fingers as he works. He’s trying to sort out the pattern with his eyes, to follow the rhythm of the complex movements when the young sailor looks up with a sunburned smile, blue eyes crinkling at the corners, and asks, “Would you like to know how to do it?”
His next words are clearly intended for the crew as he directs his gaze to the sailors standing at the forefront of the crowd, and those hanging from the rigging above, his pale eyes narrowed to two dark slits against the glare of the sun.
Sherlock cannot hold back his cry then, a whine clawing its way out of his throat, and John lifts his hand to press his fingers in against Sherlock’s mouth, a flash of worry in his eyes.
If the captain weren’t in attendance that night, he would have needed someone to administer the poison on his behalf. Sherlock suspected he had at least one individual who he trusted enough to do his bidding; it makes perfect sense that one of these individuals would be his own steward.
“He knows.”
He and John have not spoken of their conversation again. Sherlock tells himself that John will be true to his word; that he is waiting for Sherlock to get well again before they discuss the issue further, and he is not sure whether he is relieved for the chance to try and summon the courage to communicate to John that he feels the same way, or disappointed that the matter has not yet come up.
Sherlock smiles at him in return. “Go on then. Maybe I’ll see you back up on deck when you’re done.”
He talked about the people he knew, what it had been like, that life—so strange, as different from civilian life as the waking world was from the world of dreams, yet so natural when you were in it, full of its own unique monotonies and terrors and joys.
He concentrates briefly on the darkness around them, struggling to calm his racing heart; at this rate, it will be over for him before they’ve even begun.
“Look, I know I’m not…” John pressed his lips together, tried again. “I’m not always very good at… talking about things, and I know… I know this stuff is hard for you. Harder for you than it is for me. And I’m sure sometimes it feels like I’m pushing you but when I do that, it’s just because I don’t always know what’s going through that bloody great brain of yours, so sometimes—” His voice was getting thick. “Sometimes you have to tell me, alright?”
“When I did finally learn how to delete things permanently, I— ” John’s thumb froze mid-circle. It was so strange to hear Sherlock hesitate over anything the pause shocked him into stillness. “I struggled for a long time over whether or not to delete all of Redbeard.”
Sherlock cut him off. “No, don’t try and talk about it. It’ll take ages to answer all your questions. We can talk after. Come here instead and kiss me.”
His posture is military formal, stiff.
“It wasn’t blackmail!” Sherlock insists. “I was simply offering him a reward in exchange for what I was asking! It wasn’t compulsory.”
Moriarty put pressure on the blade and John felt blood run down his neck.
If he survives the next eight hours, it will be a miracle.
Ferguson gives Sherlock a look of pure hatred. “I still think he’s a liar.” He jabs an accusing finger at Sherlock. “You stay out of my way for the rest of the voyage! I don’t want you coming me near me, do you hear?”
If anything, he looks more rigid-faced and grey. Even from the distance of several dozen feet, Sherlock can see clearly that there is weariness bleeding out of every pore of him, in spite of his best efforts to look as though he’s his regular composed self.
“My god, Sherlock…”
“Come with me,” he breathes to Molly in an undertone, seizing her by the hand, and walking as fast as humanly possible towards the gangway.
He tugged lightly on Sherlock’s scalp and felt Sherlock’s corresponding gasp of pleasure against the soaked material of his shirt. The combination of hot breath against wet shirt sent a ripple of sensation down John’s spine.
Sherlock nods.
John let his hand trail down Sherlock’s side. “Why am I a liar?”
Sherlock’s voice was low, demanding.
And he does know; or at least, he
“We gave him a transfusion and stitched him up. Twenty-four stitches. He’ll need to come back to get them out in about a week. We gave him a prescription for co-codomal. And he’ll need to take iron supplements for the next month or so.”
And with that, he turns and walks back to the other side of the tavern.
As if on cue, Lestrade turns to Sherlock, the formality in his expression becoming more pronounced.
“Usually they only pump this much if there’s a bad leak—or after taking in a lot of water from a storm. It might be that we suffered some damage from the storm a few weeks back and have been retaining water, but this much pumping? It’s clearly an effort to make the ship go faster.”
When he gets to the fastenings on his trousers, his injured hands fumbling stiffly over the buttons, Sherlock sits up in bed without thinking and reaches for him. “Let me help you.”
Billy swings himself off the beam in the ceiling and lands on one of the hammocks, agile as a monkey. “He sleeps right here. And there’s all his kit, down underneath.”
If Anderson came here by himself and caught the two of them together, who would believe him? Clearly, he was in no position to take on the two of them without reinforcements. If he had come here alone he would have been outnumbered, and what’s more he would have no proof other than his word, which is obviously not very highly esteemed by anyone on board this ship.
John didn’t answer.
John was standing at his elbow, nursing a cup of lukewarm champagne, attempting to rein him in as best he could, having a fairly decent time himself, as he always privately did whenever Sherlock tore into anyone.
He forces himself to keep speaking, his heart hammering so loudly in his own ears it almost drowns out the sound of his voice. “I’m sorry I haven’t… been better about conveying that. I just… it’s difficult for me… all of this.”
Sherlock rolls over and moans into his pillow.
“Well, one of the lieutenants came forward and there was a great deal of shouting and conversation. Then the poor fellow was taken back below—presumably to receive his punishment, whatever that may be. I didn’t hear what they were going to do to him but you could tell it was severe by the looks on everyone’s faces. I don’t like to think how they punish sailors in a world as brutal as this.” She gives a little mock shudder of horror. “May God have mercy on his soul.”
, John told himself, to quiet the other part of his mind which whispered,
He sits back, looking solemnly up at John; he can feel how swollen his mouth is, imagines how it must look shining with saliva and the fluid from John’s cock.
The nasty voice is frustratingly silent—similar to the real Mycroft, Sherlock suspects this silence is meant to make a point of its own.
He isn’t sure what he’ll do if that situation arises; he’s hoping he’ll think of something by then.
Tucking another piece of ice against the inside of his cheek, John leaned down and pressed his open mouth to the sensitive skin of Sherlock’s inner thigh. He felt Sherlock tense beneath his hand as his icy tongue pressed into the heat.
Sherlock’s voice was tense. “John—”
Reaching out with his free hand, John pulled the pistol from the other man’s hand, and pointed both guns at his chest, pressing him to the wall behind him while the screaming guests streamed past.
Sherlock’s eyes flutter open, struggling to follow the command but he manages to do so, turning back towards John to ask him why when he feels the answer to his question as John’s hand slides down underneath him, his knuckles brushing along the curve of Sherlock’s arse as he reaches to push a soap-slick finger into the heat of Sherlock’s body.
They are a boisterous group, talking loudly, laughing while they work. Many of the voices are rough, sharply accented—Sherlock cannot pick out all the dialects but many are unfamiliar to him.
“Use your head, man. If the thing is gone it means you can’t be accused of having taken it. Somebody’s done you a colossal favor. You’re off the hook, and whichever poor sod has it in his possession is now the guilty party. Take it as a sign to stop meddling where you don’t belong.”
“Anything the matter, John?”
John’s fingers froze on Sherlock’s back as the heat of Sherlock’s groin came to settle between his legs. He could feel the hard line of Sherlock’s erection through his trousers, now just inches from his own, and for a moment, he couldn’t breathe.
Sherlock was small at the time but he remembers distinctly how his parents had looked huddled in grave conference with the doctor, the grim set of the doctor’s mouth, how he had shaken his head.
John opens his eyes and offers Sherlock a watery smile. “You should probably put that candle out, I reckon we’ll need it badly on some night in the future. Wouldn’t want to waste it.”
The room was cold enough to see his breath.
It feels so good, so right to have John’s body pressed close against him like this, the smell of John, the heat of him overwhelming Sherlock’s senses; the rough scrape of his stubbled chin in contrast to the sliding sweetness of his mouth makes something wild surface in Sherlock like he has never felt—he wants everything from John, all at once; his desire so intense it feels as though his body cannot contain it.
Sherlock let his mouth slip down John’s belly, pausing to dip his tongue into John’s belly button.
“So, what is it?”
Sherlock feels his dismal mood start to dissipate slightly.
The assembled crowd watches the entire proceedings with careful attention, the tension of the moment evident in their silence.
“Good afternoon.” Sherlock nods politely, his back still firmly against the door of his room.
Sherlock tugs at her, insistent. “It will only take a moment—then you can come right back.”
Sweeping all the scraps of the letter together, Sherlock stuffs them into the back of the leather-bound book Mycroft gave him before the voyage, and tucks it away out of sight.
John shakes his head. “That fucking bastard. That fucking good for nothing piece of shit bastard.” When John looks up at him, his eyes are wet with angry tears. “I almost fucking threw that case aside so many times, Sherlock. I swear to god. I don’t know what stopped me.”
He thinks of John stretched out beside him, the heat of John’s body, the power of it under his hands—the way John’s mouth felt against him, the low sounds he made when Sherlock touched him.
“Why not?”
The ghosts are motionless, the only movement the occasional ocean current that lifts their hair in strange haloes behind their heads.
could he have forgotten?—how breathless, how lovely is John’s laughter. It soothes the ache in Sherlock like a balm.
What makes the matter even worse is the fact that there is a door, just on the other side of the staircase, leading into the other half of the deck.
“Never seen two people who looked more eager for a drink!”
His hands clutched at John’s shoulders, desperate.
from my room this morning when I leant you my pipe—where is it?”
“Ferguson—”
Sherlock reached out one long arm and grabbed the neck of the champagne bottle. “Thirsty?”
He can feel that now would be the time to say something comforting, something soothing, but he has no idea what to say, the horror is crowding out every thought, the horror that someone could do this to John, could hurt him like this—it’s monstrous.
Sherlock wants to touch him so badly, to offer comfort but he knows it isn’t the right time yet.
It’s a bit how he feels after sex with John, all of his senses heightened, opening to the world, blooming like flowers in the heat of the sun—that’s how John makes him feel—his presence is as affecting as this beautiful beach, as the sun itself.
The distant sounds of music and laughter can be heard drifting up from down below. At the thought of all those people, all those strangers watching him play; Sherlock seizes up, in the space of a few heartbeats, his excitement transforming into utter terror. His legs suddenly feel like two planks of wood beneath him.
I curl my fingers in your hair.
“Moriarty.”
John lets go of himself, lifting his hand away, and Sherlock leans forward, replacing John’s small competent fingers with his own longer, paler ones. He leaves them there for a moment without moving them, just feeling, feeling every inch of John under his hand.
Then it’s Sherlock’s turn to kiss him back, uttering a cry of anguish that goes through John like a knife before his mouth descends on John’s, matching the heat of John’s passion with his own, fingers coming up to hold John’s head so gently, at odds with the desperate hunger of his mouth, now working its way down John’s neck, kissing all the places where his pulse beats hot and frantic.
If Mycroft had something important to tell him, then he could just as well have told Sherlock himself.
There’s something fiery in his voice, and Sherlock looks up to see that his gaze is as intent as his voice.
“No, I don’t know,” Sherlock says truthfully, dreading the answer.
The sight of John’s face filling up with light as he breathes in the scent of the trees on the air, as he touches the grass with his fingertips, as he curls his toes in the earth—all this goes into the pit, as well.
“Are you alright?”
, Sherlock thinks, beside himself with anticipation.
Sherlock reached for his arm but when John flinched away, he let his hand drop. Instead, he planted himself in front of John, trying to look into his eyes.
“Now just—thrust again. Can you—?”
He nodded toward the open window.
John’s voice—oh god, the wrongness has invaded John’s voice too. He sounds stiff, uncomfortably formal and anxious—but it’s more than that. There is a darkness in John’s voice that Sherlock does not understand, but he does not know what else to do so he nods and stands back, pulling the door wide in an unspoken entreaty inviting John in.
“Sherlock, pass me that basin.”
Sherlock blows out a long breath.
“You grow lovelier every time I see you.”
Thinking on it now, still, Sherlock feels a well of frustration rise within him—frustration and shame and fondness and lust, and underneath it all, throbbing like the heart of the ocean itself, his love for John, ever-growing, impossible to represent.
And then, he can’t help himself. He says his name, pouring all of his reassurance into that one syllable.
He reaches up to clip the other man on the shoulder good-naturedly, and MacTavish beams back at him.
John watched him lick his lips and was seized with the desire to bite Sherlock’s mouth where his tongue had just been.
This thought propels Sherlock into motion as he busies himself tidying up the trail of discarded clothing on the floor of his room.
He glanced up at Sherlock, needing to see him at the moment of his surrender, and found Sherlock’s dark eyes on his, the expression on his face one blown apart by pleasure.
Sherlock didn’t answer. John pulled the door shut behind him.
“God, Sherlock, I’m so sorry.”
there, pressing a cool cloth to Sherlock’s forehead, his voice low and soothing.
It must be a combination of the heat and the fact that he is worn out from worrying, the anxiety of waiting stretching him too thin, like a cord pulled taut, ready to snap at any moment.
He didn’t mean to come first—John was supposed to be his priority. But he’s too sensitive to John—too finely tuned to the feeling of John’s body against his, to the sun-bright, briny scent of him—that forelock of fair hair sliding down to brush against Sherlock’s cheek.
He saw Sherlock’s mouth fall open and John would have grinned if he hadn’t been so filled with need.
John’s own mouth twitched in response but he didn’t let go of the chair. “There’s co-codomal when you need it. If your leg’s bothering you.”
In the strange half-light of the shuttered lanterns, their movements look curiously slow, heavy, as though the entire scene before Sherlock was taking place underwater.
Besides, he has to find Molly first. He can’t get into one of those boats until he’s seen Molly safely on her way to shore. And getting her into a boat is apparently going to be much trickier than Sherlock initially imagined.
John could feel Sherlock’s breathing, rapid and unsteady against his neck.
It feels so good—John touching him there—and somehow, impossibly, it continues to feel better the more his stroking increases, the white feeling under Sherlock’s ribs, deep in his belly, growing brighter with every stroke. The change in Sherlock’s position makes it easier to rock his hips down into John’s hand, and he does so, feeling with a gasp how much it makes his pleasure grow.
Sherlock’s face was tucked in against the side of John’s neck, his breath hot and unsteady in the crease of John’s shoulder. John could feel his body shivering minutely against him, still wracked with the after-effects of his orgasm.
He is barely able to answer so he just shakes his head, and at that motion, the movement of John’s hand changes deliberately from washing to stroking.
“How appropriate.”
“Good.”
Sherlock clings to this promise, like a drowning man clinging to a piece of wreckage in a storm. If John says it will happen, then surely it will.
Sherlock sees his pupils, black as ink, have almost entirely eclipsed the blue in his eyes.
Colonel Jackson takes a long drink of coffee before settling his cup back in its saucer with a mournful rattle. “I very much would not want to be in Lieutenant Lestrade’s shoes this morning—that much is certain.”
“They don’t get to hurt you if they’re not here.”
“Yes, my love.
John’s shoulders slump helplessly. “I don’t know.”
John watched him lean down over the dying animal and stroke its heaving flanks, his scarf trailing in the blood pouring out of the dog’s side, the quiet murmur of his voice never ceasing, even after the dog lay still, its terrified eyes wide open and staring at nothing.
“Yes, of course. I’ll be there.”
When his instrument is fully tuned, he sets it on his knee, and then looks up at the other musicians. Sherlock feels a small flutter of anxiety at the prospect of playing with three other people who he’s only just met and perhaps they can sense his discomfort because Old Leroy says, “What shall you play for us, lad?”
He finds he does not know what to do with his hands.
Sherlock struggles briefly to pull himself back to the present; it’s been so long since he thought about that summer—he’s worked for years to keep it from his conscious thoughts—that he’s surprised by the heaviness of the memories, how easily he’s absorbed by them again.
“No! No—it’s…” He licks his lips, tries to calm his rapid breathing. Now John is worried; it’s imperative that he explain. “It’s just… I’m… I won’t last long. I can’t… I want you too much.”
If the only thing he could offer Sherlock was his body, then he had nothing left to offer him now.
“You’ve got soot on your face,” Sherlock said, reaching up to wipe at John’s cheek with surprising gentleness. “I wasn’t worried about you, you know. But how
Sherlock waits until the sound of John’s footsteps have died away, before looking up at the fresh cake of soap John has left on the desk, the bucket of steaming water, and he feels a delicious shiver of anticipatory pleasure move through him.
Sherlock listens to the ebb and flow of their eager voices, disinterested, but unable to block them out.
“God, I love your cock.”
“Now, let’s try this again. Where is Sherlock Holmes?”
Sherlock’s response to John’s request is a low groan—even the suggestion of it makes his cock twitch against his belly, makes his fingers clench at the sheets under him.
He wishes he had time to stop and look at each new plant, each insect, every tree and species of moss; instead he walks along in a kind of trance, his senses utterly absorbed by taking it all in.
John realized like a slap in the face that Sherlock was right; he was arguing for the exact opposite of what he really wanted. Sherlock
“I revealed my suspicions to Mr. Knott, and his reaction all but confirmed it.”
It takes John a moment to work his way back through the crowd of men to Sherlock’s side. When he arrives, Sherlock is so lost in his own bitter thoughts that it takes him a moment to notice John is speaking to him.
Moriarty laughed abruptly and set the item back on the table.
He fights to keep his expression cool, impassive, but he’s certain that the captain can see every trace of the terror that’s pounding through him right now, shaking him to the core.
“You are right that there is much that is strange in this, however, we have no evidence thus far that the captain is implicated in any way, so for the time being, Mr. Holmes, I think it best if you keep your head down and your thoughts well away from this affair.”
Sherlock pulls back in surprise to look John in the eyes. “You know this tune?”
The sexual aspect of their relationship was still relatively new, and although it was clear by now that their desire for one another was both mutual and in abundance, there was still a lot of territory that was unexplored, and many things which they had not discussed.
With reluctance, Sherlock pulls his fingers free, and sits up.
John leaned down and kissed his glistening temple.
John shuddered at the memory, tasting wet silk as his mouth opened against one of Sherlock’s nipples.
What’s the use in getting up? It isn’t as if he has anywhere to go.
Sherlock nods.
“Oh, making threats now, are you?”
Mr. Jackson’s usually carrying voice has lowered to a more discreet volume, but he is speaking loudly enough that Sherlock can easily hear his words.
Sherlock wants to lick the salt off of him, taste the shadow at the hinge of his jaw; rub his cheek against the gleam of John’s chest.
There’s a shout from down the corridor, followed by the sound of running footsteps.
The expression on John’s face is a complicated mixture of emotions. The desire on his face is plain—his eyes are shuttered, his lips parted, the flush of his arousal standing out in ruddy patches in his cheeks.
He hastens to end the letter before he can regret it more than he already does.
“Sometimes I’m half afraid I dreamed you up, that I’m going to wake one day to discover this was all just one long lovely dream… that none of it was real, because how could it be?”
John made a move as if to follow him but Lestrade’s voice stopped him. “John—don’t. It’s not worth it.”
“Then I will.”
This is where the sailors eat, Sherlock knows, observing with curiosity the boards that they pull down between the cannons, which are currently folded up out of the way.
Sherlock yanks his shirt back on with disgust, teeth clenched against the memories.
“Good. Now, bend your finger…” Sherlock gasped. “Yes. Like that, just like that…”
It isn’t that Sherlock is
He could taste smoke in Sherlock’s mouth but underneath that was the taste that John remembered from the night Sherlock had been drugged, when he had pulled John’s mouth against him, and it was even better than he remembered. He heard himself making the same desperate sound, his fingers slipping on Sherlock’s neck, sliding down to bunch in the fabric of his expensive jacket.
Sherlock attends a party, and is an awkward gay baby.
“You don’t know the half of it.”
“Marcus is
Drawn by the sound of the music, he takes a few steps closer, tentative, aware that he is an intruder upon this moment but too curious to stay away.
It occurred to him that he ought to pull his trousers back on and get himself in order, but the blissful languor induced by the force of his orgasm left him little energy to care that his trousers remained around his ankles, cock hanging obscenely in his naked lap.
Sherlock has to move quickly to get Molly’s attention before she’s swept out of the dining room in the wake of the other two women. But he’s stuck behind Miss Long and Miss Gibbons who pause in the doorway to compare reticules.
Sherlock reaches out for him, instinctively as breathing, and is horrified to see John flinch away from his touch.
He thought the terror of watching John fall was enough to make his own heart stop, but this—this pathetic impotence to get John breathing again. He can’t, he won’t tolerate it.
“Bring me the first aid kit from the kitchen.” Sherlock hesitated, clearly uncertain as to its whereabouts, never having sought it out himself. “Under the sink.”
The realization makes something low and hot burst open in Sherlock’s belly.
“Well, if that’s the case then you’d better be sure that you show up one day, alive and well, to prove them wrong.”
“Food does you good, you know. You should eat more often.”
Sherlock takes it gratefully, lifts the bottle to his mouth to take a long drink, and then almost chokes. The canteen is full of some strong spirit that burns like fire all down his throat and into his stomach. He breaks off, coughing and spluttering.
There is a special pleasure in dancing with John too, not just because of how closely they are dancing together—the way John’s body feels against his as they dance sending whole new currents of information spiraling through Sherlock’s brain—this is how John’s hips feel when he’s dancing, this is how his back moves under Sherlock’s hands—but because John clearly takes as much joy in it as Sherlock.
take something from his room. I just didn’t have it anymore at that point.”
John nodded.
No, Sherlock suspects that the captain’s sudden about-face has nothing at all to do with Lestrade. After what he learned from Billy, it’s obvious to Sherlock that the reason for this sudden change of plans has everything to do with the letter the captain received while Lestrade was in his cabin.
John’s eyes go soft. “That’s the first time I’ve seen you smile. It’s… lovely. You look lovely when you smile.”
He doesn’t need to say a word; the look on his face speaks volumes.
John ran his tongue around the corona before lapping at the glans in a flat, broad sweep of his tongue, delighting in the throb of pleasure that he could feel move through Sherlock’s cock in response, in the sound of Sherlock’s ragged cry above him that was almost like a sob.
Sherlock nods again, shifts his weight so that John does not have to keep supporting him.
Now came the worst part.
He pulled back, pressing an absent kiss to Sherlock’s chin. “I do have to give you credit though.”
Sherlock can see it all so clearly in his mind’s eye.
Sherlock’s breath leaves him in a gasp, his fingers tightening against John’s hip.
“Yes.” John’s voice is breathless now.
He settled himself down on the bed next to Sherlock, tucking his hips in against the side of Sherlock’s thigh, one arm sliding over the sticky expanse of Sherlock’s chest.
“We’ll see you again shortly, Mr. Holmes.”
The masked head tilted as it studied him and John cursed himself for not recognizing the flat black eyes, the reptilian incline to the head. In the low light from the candles, the shadows on the mask’s metallic surface made it look alive.
“Nothing,” John said, smiling stupidly, hugely, and using the grip on their joined hands, he turned Sherlock toward him to pull Sherlock’s mouth down to his.
“You look tired, Dr. Watson. I hear you haven’t been quite yourself lately. Why not take a seat?”
Sherlock curls in tighter around himself, his fingers digging painfully into his sore ribs.
“I want…” His voice is as soft as a sigh, his mouth lifting up against John’s. “I want you to touch me.”
“Oh god.” John’s fingers tighten in Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock gasps happily, his eyes sliding back up to John’s. “Of course.
John said it was his mother’s; that it’s all he had of hers. Sherlock wonders now what she was like—was she kind to John? How old was John when she died? Where did she come from? Was she of gentle birth? It seems a very fine object for someone from John’s background to have in his possession. There is so much Sherlock does not know, so much Sherlock wants to ask, and Sherlock’s heart gives a sudden lurch, wishing John were with him now.
John thumps him on the back, grinning. “Sorry about that. I guess it might be stronger than what you’re used to.”
To top it all off, he and Lestrade were stuck in morning rush hour traffic.
Sherlock scoffs as they all laugh but he takes a long drink to hide his smile. He wonders if Molly knows how right she is.
He misses the sliding bucket by feet and Sherlock collapses back onto his sweat-soaked sheets, reviled by the mess he has just made, but too sick to crawl from his bunk to try and clean it up.
“You’re a genius,” John murmurs against his hair, one hand stroking back up Sherlock’s hip, while his other hand closes around Sherlock’s erection again, making him shudder and bear down with his hips. “Absolutely—” John groans at the friction this undoubtedly causes along his cock. “…inspired.”
Sherlock came to a halt in front of John, reaching up again to grab fistfuls of his hair—the gesture full of anguish, involuntary. His haunted eyes clearly were not seeing John standing before him but the scene from earlier.
Sherlock’s luck continues as he reaches the door to the captain’s quarters and finds, instead of the captain’s steward, a bored-looking midshipman who Sherlock knows is called Hopkins, leaning against the door and fiddling with a paring knife.
He hears Sherlock muttering from what sounds like a long way away, real panic in his voice. “Too high of a dosage,” and then Sherlock is shaking him by the arms.
“Y-yes.”
Sherlock pulled his fingers out of John’s abruptly to slide his hand around the base of John’s neck and cradle his head as he deepened the kiss, pinning John against him at two different points with his hands.
for something. And Sherlock does his best to answer it.
Sherlock takes a step backward, shaking his head. “Thank you, Colonel, as I said the offer is very tempting but I really must—”
John is silent a moment, taking this in.
Sherlock ran his hands down John’s sides, long fingers rippling over his ribs. “Just lie back.”
John sighed and straightened up. “I’m going to have a shower. That is, if you haven’t dismantled the bathroom while you’re at it.”
John remembered with sudden vivid clarity the feel of Sherlock’s fingers creeping up the inside of his thigh, his blazing erection on the cab ride home, his confusion. “That was deliberate, wasn’t it? That ride back in the cab, with your hand on my leg.”
Another wet and sliding kiss; Sherlock’s fingers tighten around himself. He can feel John’s warm and rapid breath against him as his mouth slides further up Sherlock’s thigh, fingers curling in the hair at Sherlock’s groin as they move closer, and Sherlock nearly chokes on his own startled, indrawn breath.
However, the deathly silence that seemed to hang over Sherlock like a shroud had only deepened, and now John was really starting to worry.
Sherlock’s mind is whirling as he digests this new information. What had been the contents of that letter?
He makes Sherlock close his eyes again before he shows him what it is; he’s grinning so widely already that Sherlock feels his heartbeat accelerate with anticipation.
John leans in, his smile bright and hungry, his voice dropping back to that low and dreamy register.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes.” Sherlock decided a straightforward approach would be best. “Do you recall encountering a pie in the kitchen at Baker Street earlier today?”
But perhaps John can sense Sherlock’s curiosity because he goes on to add, his voice softer, “I don’t know for certain how long you’ve been sick. I came to check on you as soon as the storm was over and found you burning up with fever. That was late yesterday afternoon. I didn’t think…”
“I’m fine. I was… it was you. Touching you like that made me…” Sherlock searches for a word—
Sherlock’s free hand slid down John’s back to clutch at his arse, tugging John’s body in hard against the side of Sherlock’s thigh.
John felt the low burn of want in his belly surge into a ripple of pure flame at the sight of Sherlock’s cock springing free, curving long and deeply flushed against his stomach.
“I’m fine,” he says.
She’s said that she considers him a friend, but Sherlock doesn’t have much experience in that area. The only friends he’s ever had all turned out to be false ones. They all turn on him in the end, for one reason or another.
He turns abruptly to make his way toward the stairs at the back of the ship.
The look in John’s eyes makes Sherlock’s chest feel like it’s going to burst open. It’s full of so many emotions Sherlock cannot possibly identify them all—gratitude, admiration, desire, tenderness—and something deeper, more complex that Sherlock has no word for.
Sherlock keeps his mouth there through another pulse and tries to swallow it, but he’s not coordinated enough to manage it with his mouth full of cock, so he pulls back, tongue slick with come, and the last pulse hits him on the cheek.
“It’s only the truth,” he says, without looking up.
He makes a low noise of pleasure as his hands move over the soft material of Sherlock’s trousers.
Sherlock cannot speak, he is so stunned to hear another human being saying things that he has thought himself a hundred times—much less a
He cannot bear the thought of another four days (or worse—
John’s tongue is now stroking the dip in Sherlock’s top lip and Sherlock is trembling from the gentle exploration of it, torn between the desire for John to keep doing what he’s doing and for John to plunge his tongue into the heat of Sherlock’s mouth with more force, to stroke the length of his tongue.
“For you? Yeah… Yeah, ‘course I am.” John canted his hips, fingers tightening on Sherlock’s neck in supplication. “Please, Sherlock. More.”
The Colonel brandishes one pistol in the air, waggling his eyebrows with intention.
John’s breath comes out in a sigh to match his own at the look on Sherlock’s face. “Oh, you beauty…”
John lifts a finger to his lips, his eyes on Sherlock’s, round with caution, bluer than he’s ever seen them.
Sherlock pauses; frustrated, searching for the right words. He shakes his head, adamant.
Deverall grins again and this time Sherlock does not return the smile. He feels his dislike return as quickly as it left at the knowing glint in Deverall’s eye. There’s something teasing in his look, something warm and almost enticing that makes heat rise in Sherlock’s throat. It feels suddenly like Deverall is flirting with him.
Sherlock immediately thrusts his hips up against John’s body and is rewarded with the feel of the long ridge of John’s very hard cock pressing through the thin material of his trousers.
He shifted his fingers against Sherlock’s thigh, slipping them up until they found the curve of Sherlock’s arse. He rubbed the muscled flesh and pulled his mouth slowly off Sherlock’s cock, resuming his stroking with his other hand, considering briefly before licking his way from base to tip.
Sherlock’s silence had lost the terrifying, void-like quality it had possessed earlier but there was still a sharpness to it, an undertone of anxiety that John could feel as clearly as he could feel the bone in Sherlock’s knee pressed against his own.
He licks his own lips, unconsciously mirroring Sherlock’s gesture, his fingers brushing Sherlock’s cheek again, stroking down over the curve of his jaw to settle underneath his chin.
“No, you don’t. You have nightmares frequently and I’ve never heard you scream.”
“No. No, Sherlock, I’m not sad at all. Quite the opposite.” John squeezes Sherlock’s fingers between his own, so hard it hurts. Sherlock is grateful for the pain. It takes the sting out of his worry; makes the moment feel more real.
But that seems to settle it.
John moans above him, and Sherlock moves to repeat the gesture, pulling John’s shirt low so that he can lick at his exposed nipple without impediment.
They lie on their backs, side by side, eyes closed, the sun so warm against their ocean-cool skin, and lying there, with his head pillowed under his hands, his chest still rising and falling from their run up the beach, Sherlock thinks how never before in the whole of his young life has he felt so simply and exquisitely
Just the feel of Sherlock clenching against him, each muscle in his body curled tight before uncoiling, so that he now lay loose and heavy against John, his warm mouth still pressed against John’s throat, was almost enough to push him over the edge.
This kind of dancing is so different from what Sherlock is used to—it’s so much more intimate, so much more spontaneous and joyful, so much more natural.
Although it’s only been three days since they kissed, that’s how Sherlock feels, as though he’s been physically suffering from the lack of this.
feeling unprepared, unpracticed, lacking knowledge.
“To your health,” John says, and Sherlock can scarcely take a drink without spilling, his fingers are shaking so hard.
John stayed clinging to Sherlock’s forearms a moment longer than necessary, struggling to regain his balance. He wanted to let go but the room had begun to tilt alarmingly around him.
Trying his best to move as quickly as possible, John lunged for the nightstand where they’d mercifully left the lube from the night before. He snatched it from where it stood beside the empty champagne bottle and then crawled back into position between Sherlock’s knees.
Before John could stop him, Sherlock had shaken his arm free of John’s grasp and was crossing the room toward it.
Indeed, the looks on all their faces—they remind Sherlock of a ring of fish on a fishmonger’s table, mouths gaping, eyes wide with shock. He imagines none of them have ever heard Miss Hooper speak so many words together, much less words of this nature.
He bit down on it softly, and then licked the length of it, before licking his way into Sherlock’s panting mouth.
He stands, hesitating, mentally bracing himself for the experience while trying to decide who is the best person to seat himself next to when he remembers Molly.
Muttering mutinously, Anderson drops back a step, putting a safe distance between himself and Sherlock.
As soon as Sherlock hands John his medical bag, he takes it without a word, and if he notices that Sherlock is slightly more breathless than usual, or that there is an aura of triumph about him, he doesn’t remark upon it, and instead gets straight to work.
He can’t quite manage it.
Sherlock stands for a long time looking out over the waves, stricken with the uncanny feeling that the captain knows he was making his way to the quarterdeck, even though he had not yet reached the stairs and there’s no reason for the man to suspect that Sherlock would have business there.
Sherlock takes a step closer to Molly. “Are you all right?”
Objects leapt out at John through the darkness as he shone his torch around—a strange mixture of old and new kitchen appliances. Brass taps above a sink large enough to bathe in, a broken down Kitchen Aid mixer, copper pots gleaming dully on the tiled wall behind the stove.
It means John is safe now.
The fire was climbing around them, sending a tower of sparks into the sky, and the heat should have been unbearable but with his hands in Sherlock’s, John couldn’t feel it. Even the stinging passage of the tears on his cheeks was forgotten as he looked into Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock bent close to him and kissed the place where the tears had been.
At the touch of John’s lips against his, Sherlock goes absolutely still.
John felt annoyed. “Yeah, I often do that during nightmares.”
“About time you got here! What took you so long?”
It would do much to confirm or deny his suspicions about Ferguson’s activities if Sherlock could simply ascertain whether or not he was up on deck.
He tries to imagine what it must be like for someone like Sally to make her way in the world. How desperate she must have been to run away to sea on her own—a dangerous endeavor for anyone, but much more so for a woman, and especially for a woman of her complexion.
Sherlock assumed his most contrite expression. He threw in a little bit of horror to bring the message home.
He opens his mouth wider and pushes his tongue with gentle curiosity into the wet heat of John’s mouth.
Sherlock knows the rhythm of the sailors’ work well by now; he knows that John, just like all the members of his mess, works four hours on, four hours off, always alternating work with rest. Working an extra shift doesn’t just mean an extra four hours of work—it means three shifts in a row. It means twelve hours of uninterrupted work.
The words may have been cruel but the tenderness in Sherlock’s voice was unmistakable.
Sherlock opened hazy eyes and glared up at John, his expression somehow imperious and sex-saturated all at once. “Don’t tease me, John.”
“I need to see you,” he said, mouth returning immediately to the skin of John’s throat. “I need to see all of you.”
John may be right. If anyone tried to take him against his will Sherlock would be furious; but John is different. If John tried to take him… Sherlock swallows, hard, fingers clenching on the railing.
John didn’t mind. Oh, he didn’t mind in the slightest.
, how much sensory input is constantly streaming in on him from all sides—his own hands skimming up over his ribs are making his body react in unexpected ways. He has to concentrate very hard to not let his attentions stray while he finishes washing himself.
He is searching for John.
There was a feeling in his chest like a fist tightening around his heart, and he tore his head away from the press of Sherlock’s mouth as soon as he felt the first contractions overtake him. He wanted to hide his face but he didn’t have the strength to lift his hands. Instead, his fingers clenched in Sherlock’s arms with bruising force as the pleasure broke through him like a riptide.
“Now listen here, Holmes, you can’t simply make an accusation like that without any evidence—”
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was gentle. “John, look at me.”
Sherlock can’t bear to finish his own question.
The captain’s voice is a low snarl of rage. “You would do well to remember it.”
It’s not just that Sherlock now has access to the taste of John, he can also smell John better this close, and Sherlock does not even have to think about it, it’s second nature for him to drag his parted lips down the length of John’s cock, inhaling deeply as he goes until he reaches the soft golden hair at the base, burying his nose in it, breathing in the musky, animal scent of John where it is strongest, feeling almost dizzy from its effects.
John sighs. “Sometimes I wish that things were different.”
John returns once again to his bag, this time pulling out a different exotic fruit that is completely new to Sherlock. It’s oval-shaped, its skin blushing from greenish-yellow at one end to bright red at the other.
Music is bigger than all of that.
Sherlock’s eyes stray to Miss Hooper’s face to gage her reaction and he sees the brief flash of disappointment before it’s shuttered away under her usual impassive smile.
“You think I’m upset because a stupid dog died?” Sherlock sneered, his voice vicious. “If that’s what you think than you’re stupider than I ever gave you credit for.”
The wheels in Sherlock’s mind are turning rapidly as he takes in what Lestrade has said. It only confirms his suspicions.
The requests and the entreaties roll off of him like water off an oil skin, grinning all the while, acknowledging the greetings with a wink and a nod, before he’s climbing up to stand on a table in the center of the room and yelling for silence.
In fact, Sherlock is fairly certain he hears the older man mutter under his breath with a certain degree of fondness, “About bloody time.”
However, when he chooses to be, Sherlock is an exceptional dance partner—as he is now. He moves Miss Hooper over the floor with grace and skill. For her part, she is a relatively forgiving dance partner, only clinging to his arm a little too tightly on the turns.
John kept his jaw clenched tight but that didn’t stop him tasting the bitter copper of his own blood as Moriarty rubbed his thumb against his teeth.
Sherlock holds himself perfectly still as the captain pounds past him and makes his way into the waist where the officers are gathered around the mainmast, finishing up their readings.
By the time he reaches the last one on his list, it’s nearly morning. His shoulder is aching, his shoes are soaked through, but he’s certain as soon as he sees it that this last one is right, and with that realization comes a feeling almost like relief.
Sherlock licks dry lips. When he speaks, his voice comes out rough. “I’m sorry that was over so quickly. I wanted—” Sherlock wets his lips again, feeling his shyness returning. “There are so many things I want to do with you but I… it felt so good what you did—I couldn’t…”
John shut his eyes, his head falling back against the pillows. He kept his hands on Sherlock’s flanks, felt the muscles flexing under his hands as Sherlock thrust, the slick slide of the silk under his body providing a delicious contrast to the weight and the heat above him.
Sherlock has only seen someone in the grips of a dangerous fever once before. When he was a boy, Mycroft had fallen ill and come very close to death.
John’s mind was racing. He had a strong suspicion that this was about something else he had written but he had no way of knowing what. Could it have been his admission that for one moment he had wondered whether Sally Donovan was right? His own words came back to him like a slap in the face.
“I think I can handle a Scandinavian water demon,” John said, pushing the pile of comforters down and off Sherlock’s hips to bare his lovely pale body to the morning sunlight streaming in.
Sherlock lifts the instrument to his shoulder and settles it beneath his chin. “I-I could try to play one of those. If you could sing a bit of it?”
“Ahh,” John put up his hands to cover his eyes, and rubbed at them, as though to affirm that the sight before his eyes was actually there. “Nothing. I just—” He grinned into his own palms and then dropped his hands. “God. You.
I'll try to get the next chapter up soon- I'd really like to finish this story before Season 3 comes out (CAN WE TALK ABOUT THE PAIN OF THAT MOUSTACHE IN THE MOST RECENT TRAILER?OMFG) but that may be overly ambitious with finals looming in the next few weeks. Then again, it may be overly ambitious to expect the BBC will EVER announce the UK air date, sooo... perhaps it's silly to try and plan around that.
“John, will you…” Sherlock turns his face in towards John’s. “I want you to touch me like you would yourself. The same—speed, I mean.”
“My god, Sherlock Holmes,” John says, sinking low over him, shaking his head, one hand planted next to Sherlock’s chest to support his weight as he leans down. “Your beauty will be the death of me.”
Sherlock attempts to look down his nose at Deverall and is further irritated to discover that the man is a shade taller than he is. Sherlock has to lift his chin in order to achieve the desired effect.
“Oh my god, Sherlock.”
At first, he thinks he has misheard him.
“The boy does look a bit peaky,” booms MacTavish who’s sitting next to Leroy. Sherlock has no idea when either of them arrived—it must have been when he was completely absorbed in his bowl of soup. “How old did you say you were, lad?”
He leans in between Sherlock’s thighs, kissing him softly, one hand sliding up into Sherlock’s curls.
He knows he told himself he wouldn’t—not with John surely suffering like he is, not with them apart—but Sherlock cannot help himself, his body is like a strip of tallow just waiting for a flame. Once the spark is caught, he can’t dispel it, and the thought of John, lying half-dressed in his hammock on some sweltering summer night with this necklace on his chest, sweat pooling in the grooves of his pectorals, gathering in the sharp line of his abdominal muscles, in the distinct curves of his powerful hips is too much for Sherlock’s vivid imagination. And now that he knows so intimately how each of those places on John’s body feels, now that he has tucked each sensation oh so carefully into the wing in his memory entirely devoted to John, he cannot possibly stop his body’s reaction, blood rushing to fill the flesh between his legs, pulse beating like a dull hammer in the hollow of his throat.
The other man laughs at his own joke, and Sherlock nods in acknowledgment, without knowing what to say.
“I’m glad especially if it helped you to forget… that was my intention.” It’s John who drops his eyes then, his gaze settling on the place where his fingers encircle Sherlock’s forearms, his thumb tracing a delicate line up the inside of Sherlock’s wrist. “When I saw you standing there, I wanted to bring you some light, some joy. I wanted you to know how badly I want to take you somewhere we can finally be alone together.”
It speaks to the un-nameable quality that Sherlock has seen glimmering under the surface of John’s steadfast exterior, and all the other contradictory parts of John that Sherlock has witnessed—the hardness and the softness that coexist in his small, muscular frame—the simultaneous storm and quiet in his eyes—and more than anything the sheer, unbridled joy John seems to take in living, his complete engagement with all capacities of life, no matter how dark, how unpleasant.
He tugs at John’s shirt where it’s tucked into his trousers and John pulls away from Sherlock’s mouth, grinning, his eyes glimmering at Sherlock through the dim light.
Sherlock dropped his mouth another inch, creating suction with his cheeks as his tongue worked the slit of John’s cock.
“Let go of me.” John’s voice shook with rage.
“——dammit, man!”
Sherlock sits back.
Sherlock’s mouth twisted again. He didn’t look up from the screen. “My, my, what a risk they took prescribing such strong painkillers to a former addict.”
The thought seemed absurd but John forced himself to ignore the doubting voices in his head and focus instead on what his body was telling him, on what
He must be assuming whoever took it would do exactly what Sherlock has just done: go snooping to see if what’s listed on the inventory matches what’s down in the hold.
Lestrade takes his seat in the prow, and then Sherlock sees Burns emerge at the top of the gangway.
John could feel a similar barely restrained energy sparking off of Sherlock. He was lit up like a Christmas tree, practically vibrating with the excitement of the case and the satisfaction of the arrest of the man they had spent the better part of a week tailing.
“He hasn’t come to dine with us once, has he?” Ferguson says, with something like bravado in his voice. “He barely sets foot outside his cabin. I don’t see any reason for him to change his habits now.”
Sherlock draws a deep breath.
cares what the other passengers think.
He opens the door, with his heart in his mouth, and there is John standing before him, but Sherlock can tell immediately that something is wrong, very wrong, and it is not just the fact that John’s face is lost in shadow.
“Time of death estimated to be sometime early this morning. It’s not clear whether they were… whether it happened here or elsewhere.”
Matthews takes over singing the verse. “Where are me boots? Me noggin, noggin boots. All gone for beer and tobacco! And the heels they are worn out, and the soles are knocked about, and me toes are lookin’ out for better weather!”
They continue up the busy street they started on, turning eventually onto a smaller street and following that out from the center of town as it winds its way along the coast, and then turns inland again, shrinking as it goes to a much narrower, muddier road.
Suddenly John was wide-awake, but he didn’t move his head from Sherlock’s shoulder. He kept his eyes shut and fought to keep his breathing steady as Sherlock’s fingers began tracing lazy circles on the top of his thigh. It was such a simple gesture but John felt his body responding to it like a taper to a lick of flame. There were goose bumps on his arms and heat already pooling low in his stomach. He wanted to sneak a glance up at Sherlock to read the expression on his face. Was the gesture intentional? It certainly felt like it was but John was having trouble hearing his own thoughts over the roar of commotion in his body.
“What
John shook his head.
“Mr. Sherlock, sir! Have you heard the news? We’ve got shore leave after all! I get to go on leave with the larboard watch,” he tells Sherlock, beaming. “Colonel Jackson said I might get a chance with his dueling pistols after all!”
“But you didn’t.”
The endearment slipped out before John had time to stop himself and for a moment he wondered if Sherlock would react to it with disdain—it wasn’t something he had ever said. They didn’t speak like that to one another, or at least they hadn’t yet, and John bit his tongue, worried that he had spoiled the mood with sentiment.
Sherlock feels some of his anxiety ebb away as John’s thumb caresses the hinge of his jaw.
And look where he had ended up.
If he’s lucky, the man will not yet have noticed that it’s gone missing.
“You can’t make me do anything I don’t want to do!”
Sherlock sighed behind him—a long, exasperated sound. It seemed designed to foreclose all further conversation. However, its effect was to make chills erupt like tiny pin pricks all up and down John’s spine.
John shakes his head, his brow furrowed slightly.
He turns back around to face John, half-dreading what he will find, and he was right to be afraid, for the sight of him is worse than anything Sherlock could have imagined.
Dimmock looks from Sherlock to Ferguson in consternation as if attempting to judge the truth of this statement by both men’s expressions.
Sherlock pushes his streaming hair out of his eyes and shakes his head at John, grinning.
“How can I trust that you’re real now? After all this? How, Sherlock? Tell me
“Quiet, my love.” John’s mouth is warm against Sherlock’s ear. “Remember, you’ve got to be quiet.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to argue that he would very much like to be a part of that activity, but John presses a finger to his lips before he can say anything.
Sherlock sits up, rubbing the heel of one hand in his eye, chasing away the fading remnants of his dreams. They were good dreams. John was with him in some hot and sunny landscape—was it a desert? Sherlock tries to recollect but the images fail to focus, their details bleached away as if by heat.
“Does Mrs. Hudson know that we…?” He coughed awkwardly. “That the ah… nature of our relationship has changed?”
“John!” Sherlock was struggling to make his way to John’s side. When he was within arm’s reach, he launched himself from Lestrade’s grip and fell hard into John’s shoulder.
It had barely been twenty-four hours since the incident on the ship and already Moriarty was back in their lives. But of course he was back. He hadn’t really
He turned the temperature of the water back to hot, taking several focused moments to regulate his breathing. No more pining like a lovesick school girl. He squared his shoulders as he stepped back under the water. This was the end. He took his longing, his despair, his memories of Sherlock’s body under his—all of it, and shut it away, deep within himself. He took the bar of soap and began to scrub hard at his skin. He would wash it all away—every trace of the experience—and emerge in possession of himself once again, all his bitter thoughts of what was and what might have been resolutely forgotten.
“Yeah, inmates from Thameside reported missing a few weeks back. Murder and uh… sexual assault, I believe.”
Of course.
He gives all appearances of being useless at his job.
John crept another step closer, his body flat against the wall.
He can feel from the tension in John’s thighs that it will not take much to give him his release; he is already close, stretched to the limit, his breathing labored, his shoulders arching hard against the wall at his back, and for a moment, Sherlock wonders at the fact that he has not felt John’s fingers in his hair. Typically, he cannot restrain himself from touching Sherlock’s curls, and Sherlock finds himself longing suddenly for the reassuring presence of that contact with John, encouraging him.
“Do you know, Mr. Holmes, how it is that we punish men at sea?”
“No. No, I can’t do this again.” He staggers to his feet, gasping.
He finds his desire split between the twin poles of urgency and indulgence. Much as he wants to spend hours kissing each part of John, the reality of their situation and the limited nature of their time together still beats in the back of Sherlock’s brain, driving him onward.
He can feel the locket still around his neck, lying against his breastbone where it fell earlier when he let it drop from his fingers.
After all, this isn’t the first time Sherlock has taken someone else’s things without their notice.
The transformation that is taking place over John before Sherlock’s eyes is magnificent to behold. Even while simply sitting on the bed, his stature changes—seems to broaden, so that he looks bigger, more powerful, more graceful all at once. Sherlock can see the quiet energy sitting in his tensed shoulders, in the taut line of his jaw, in the relaxed but anticipatory way he holds his arms. Sherlock can feel the rage shimmering off of John like heat in a desert; can feel the threat of danger as vividly as though he were holding a lit fuse in his hands.
Even from a distance, Sherlock can tell John is enjoying himself. His eyes are creased against the sun, his white teeth stretched wide in a smile. He swings the bucket almost jauntily as he walks, his movements casual but assured.
“Am I?” he purred into John’s ear, tucking his body in neatly behind John’s.
Sherlock slid his free hand up the back of John’s neck and pulled John’s mouth to his once more, his hips cradling John against him as he pressed his swollen lips to John’s.
, yes.”
Hopkins crosses his arms over his chest in a supremely irritating attempt at conveying his superiority. “Oh yeah? Well, it just so happens to be my concern since I’m the one who lets you in or not.”
“Molly, it’s time we retired before supper. You’ve taken up much too much of this young man’s time already.”
He can feel how wet his lips are, how swollen. “No. Please, John. Let me keep going.”
The man is walking quickly and Sherlock has to hasten his stride to catch up.
“I must say, it’s a bit distasteful the way some people are treating this as an opportunity to
John nods, rubbing his hands along Sherlock’s upper arms once more before pushing him gently in the direction of the bed. “Good.”
Sherlock is so deeply encased in his own desire to remain invisible that he is rarely aware of the social dynamics between the other passengers, but now he feels a small burst of sympathy for the brown-haired girl in the faded, polka-dotted dress.
“It was only a day, I know,” Sherlock rattles on, aware that he’s speaking more than he’d like to, but unable to stop the torrent of words that have been burning at the brink of his lips all day, waiting to burst forth. “But I couldn’t stop thinking about you. Your hands, your mouth… the way your body felt against mine…” Sherlock hesitates at the sound of John’s indrawn breath, his eyes darting up to hold John’s. “That’s all I could think about.”
Then Sherlock’s eyes were sliding over him and John feared he would burn up in the heat of his own lust.
Sherlock’s response to the touch of John’s hand in his hair is immediate. He feels warmth flood him, spine curving as he arches back into John’s embrace.
He lets his back slide down the wall and
. Even if my window wasn’t shattered, I would still like that.” He squeezed Sherlock’s fingers gently, his thumb brushing over his knuckles. “If you’ll have me.”
This prohibition for little five-year old Sherlock had been more effective than any magic tonic.
Sherlock voices his fears.
John could feel the pressure in his balls threatening his release, and his movements became unsteady, the muscles in his ass clenching as he jerked his hips. But he wanted Sherlock to come first, wanted to watch him completely come undone. Watching Sherlock come was always his favorite part.
Ah, so that explained the merry tune. Sherlock straightened up and looked at John. He was practically beaming with excitement. He was wearing his customary dark blazer with a deep blue shirt underneath. The blue in his shirt made his eyes look brighter than usual. Or maybe it was a result of the morning light streaming in through the window.
The joy in John’s voice is impossible to miss, but so is a certain mischievous delight that’s evident not only in the way he carries the notes, but also in the way he smiles as he sings. It’s as if he’s winking to the audience, inviting them into this intimate scene he’s describing, as if he’s both showing off and also slightly overcome by his good fortune.
He should know better by now.
He didn’t know why he was letting Sherlock dress him. He was perfectly capable of dressing himself, but something about Sherlock’s movements, the sincerity of his gestures—it was as if he was trying to communicate something that maybe he couldn’t say.
“Jesus, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s hands returned to John’s hips, turning him so that he was once again lying on his back. John let himself be maneuvered without protest, the act of Sherlock bodily flipping him sending a bolt of arousal straight to his cock.
“Nor I.”
The air is soft on Sherlock’s face, but cool. A breeze pulls at the damp tendrils of hair on his forehead, and Sherlock shuts his eyes, drinks it in.
know. Why else would he send the two of us together?”
“Shh, shh, shh.”
He shifts so he’s partly sitting up, his weight on his elbows, as he looks at John from beneath the sliding fall of his curls. He licks his lips, eager to convey his seriousness.
Sherlock does so and instantly feels some of his panic recede.
“Sher… Sherlock—”
“I’m just on my way from delivering a packet of letters. If you have anything you’d like to send back to England, now’s the time to do it. The mail barge just arrived but it’s leaving again within the hour. We are all of us scrambling to finish our correspondence. Doesn’t give one much of chance does it? Here we all thought we’d have several days to get them in order—perhaps pen off a colorful missive about the delights we were to experience on these sultry, tropical shores—but alas! No time for that now. Ah well, no time like the present I always say. I know for a fact it’s shortened up Tabitha’s lengthy responses quite a bit…”
Sherlock raced forward to tackle Marty Jones, John following hot on his heels to tackle Sherlock. Marty Jones, meanwhile, delivered two more shots toward the dogs fighting in the enclosure before one of the MET officers
John turns to him anyway though, once he’s reached the door, his features stiff with sorrow.
Sherlock shot him a worried look and then narrowed his eyes.
John’s head falls back against the mattress with a strangled curse and Sherlock feels a burst of arousal deep in his belly at the sound, prompting him to keep sliding his mouth down until he can feel the head of John’s cock bump the roof of his mouth.
“All right, all right,” says Matthews, as he deals out the next hand, his tone light and appeasing. Matthews is older than John and Patterson but certainly younger than Burns. He’s got curly, sandy colored hair, and a good-natured face; Sherlock can tell from one glance at him that he usually occupies the role of peacemaker.
Sherlock has never felt his way, not ever in his life, and the feelings are so deep, so satisfying that he has no wish to stop them.
“I want to.
“Yes,” John manages, his voice sounding strained. “That is more than alright.”
John pulls back laughing when he almost falls forward into the tub.
“John! Do that again—”
“In order not to disappoint Sherlock, it looks as though I may have to cut you up after all. You know how he gets. He’ll be
He prays desperately that she won’t try and make conversation and is rewarded with her contented silence—only occasionally does she flicker her eyes up towards him and offer him a grateful smile.
“And it makes me…” Sherlock forces himself to go on speaking, much as it pains him to do so. “It makes me sick to think that you see me as one of them.”
Sherlock remembers suddenly a broadside he’d seen for a song like this once on a different trip to London, pinned up on the side of a tavern—a woodcut illustration of a woman in a tri-corn hat, a belt at her waist and a sword in her hand—the cheap paper already coming apart at the edges, the print of its tawdry lyrics splattered with mud.
“Thank goodness. Now sit down and have some tea, it will do you good.”
Sherlock’s voice was so low John could feel the vibration of it in his cock.
It’s amazing how much less frightened he feels now that Stevens’ meaty fist is no longer wrapped around the back of his neck.
There’s no sign of the two sailors who have just been searching the hold. And this realization, combined with the captain’s presence on the quarterdeck, gives Sherlock an idea.
Sherlock looked up at him, his blue eyes bright with defiance. “Or what? What will you do to me?”
They continued eating, and John saw, again to his quiet delight, that Sherlock was actually drinking his wine.
John kissed the corner of Sherlock’s lips before letting his mouth slide down the length of Sherlock’s bared throat, pausing to suck at the place by Sherlock’s ear that he knew always drove him to distraction.
“I’ve never been more certain of anything in my life.”
He pulls back and settles his weight on his elbows to look down at John. His eyes are serious. “You taste as good as you smell.”
“Yes, I remember.”
John’s breath is a long hiss of pleasure, his other hand now balled into a fist at the wall at his back. His chest is heaving, his lashes heavy from where he looks down at Sherlock.
“Maybe so but I can’t bear to hear it.”
“Oh John, oh, oh,
Either that or something else has them all on edge.
Miss Hooper looks up then, a smile pulling at her lips. “I think someone’s waiting for you.” She nods to the door where Sherlock sees John in the doorway, watching them from across the room.
But try as he might, Sherlock finds that no amount of pragmatic caution can take away the expectation that John will be coming here, to
John didn’t know what was wrong with him. His hands were shaking so hard he could barely hold his gun.
“To be honest, I think it’s been building for a while… all that. I guess it was only a matter of time before it all came out. But I’ve you to thank for giving me the incentive to say anything at all.”
He points disinterestedly at each box, barrel and crate, watching with a faint sense of satisfaction as the rage grows on Ferguson’s face.
There is half a beat of silence after the song draws to a close, and then the men are on their feet, whooping and cheering, calling for another.
Sherlock turns; he moves to the door. He cannot breathe, he cannot think, he does not dare to dream that the person on the other side of the door is anyone but—
Molly looks at Sherlock, as if asking his permission.
When John’s lips touch the skin on the back of his hand, the kiss is so light Sherlock scarcely feels it, but Sherlock is so starved for John’s touch that even the feather-light suggestion of a caress sets Sherlock shivering with delight. It feels like the best kind of flirtation; it feels like a promise of what’s to come.
He knew the ship would be making stops in a handful of port cities en route to India but he’s been so caught up in the misery of his separation from John that Sherlock has not given a second thought to the ship’s progress. If they are a week out from making port in South America—
He clung to the door handle, gasping, terrified. Once more, he fought to push the torrent of his thoughts back below the surface, reaching for the numbness that he’d found solace in earlier.
He worries now what John will think—kind, intelligent John, who can make friends as easily as breathing. Will he be offended on Old Leroy’s behalf? Is he disturbed by Sherlock’s strange ability? Will he find it sinister and unnerving like so many others?
“Where is your aunt?” Sherlock asks, so stunned by the old woman’s absence that he realizes he’s holding his spoon frozen comically in mid-air partway to his mouth.
“But I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”
They both giggle stupidly into their hands.
John felt the shudder than ran through Sherlock at the admission. His hand resumed its journey up Sherlock’s back.
They bid Lestrade a curt farewell and make their way back down the corridor and through the door in the quarterdeck in stunned silence.
He blows the candle out, and crawls into bed.
He goes on drinking until he’s finished the contents of the glass.
He hears John’s breathing quicken, his other hand pushing back into Sherlock’s hair.
the intensity of John’s gaze as he studies him, his concern still issuing out toward Sherlock in hot, bright waves. It’s as though there’s something extrasensory connecting them, another force, more than sight or touch or taste or smell, something in the air between them, feeding Sherlock information, enabling him to perceive the proximity of those clinging linen breeches, even without looking at them—
“I’m sorry.” John is looking at his hands where they are still clasped together on the railing. “Sometimes I just can’t believe my luck, meeting you, and the fact that you… seem to genuinely want to spend time with me.”
“Thank you,” he breathes when he sits back. “That was incredible. You are incredible.”
How? How is it possible that the pain can be just as bad now as the day it happened? That the feeling of being broken open, of his world shattering, can be enacted again and again every time he remembers?
, Sherlock thinks with a swooping feeling, half-delight, half-terror.
Terror rushes through Sherlock, makes him reach out in an instinctive gesture and press his fingers to John’s lips.
“It’s—
Sherlock’s hips stutter upwards, his heels digging into the sand as his thighs clench in against John and pleasure bursts through him.
“Yes. Yes, I’m with him. No, he didn’t wait.” He held his phone up to his ear with his shoulder as he knotted the last bandage. “No, we didn’t. Look, I need you to send paramedics. I’ve got a deep tissue wound, inner thigh, bleeding heavily.”
He moves to sit where he had been but the sailor gestures with his elbow. “Come sit by me so you can see better.”
“He saw that I had left my post. He made me work an extra shift because of it.”
The room seems to swim before Sherlock’s eyes; the implications of his responsibility for what has happened made suddenly, horribly, startlingly clear. He is grateful that he is lying down because otherwise he is certain he would be falling now. He cannot breathe—he is drowning, slipping down a long black tunnel of guilt.
Sherlock feels some of the tension go out of his shoulders, but still, he doesn’t return her gaze.
“When will I see you again?”
He knew it wasn’t fair—he knew he had been just as reticent about his feelings, just as guarded with Sherlock as Sherlock had been with him—more so, in fact. But it still filled him with a throb of wounded rage to think back to that night, and the way Sherlock had seemed to draw him out, how much it seemed Sherlock was coming onto him, only to leave him so suddenly, feeling more conflicted and confused than ever.
“Holy shit,” he mumbled into the skin of Sherlock’s back.
“None,” John says, leaning in to press one last kiss between Sherlock’s eyes. “I’ve got to go.”
John lay on his back, chest heaving, and as he looked up at Sherlock, he felt his visceral terror transform suddenly to rage.
Sherlock grips the railing hard, staring down into the endless blue of the waves, interrupted only by white foam here and there curling over.
the best lover he has ever had, will ever have, but how can he be when Sherlock doesn’t even know what he’s supposed to do?
“I want you, you daft twit.”
Sherlock decides right then and there that open-mouthed kissing is far superior to kissing with mouths closed. Honestly, what a waste of time.
The song is over far too quickly, and Sherlock and the drummer play twice more through the melody before drawing to a close.
“Sherlock…” He feels John turn on his side next to him, and reach for his hand. Sherlock lets John take it but he continues staring at the ceiling. “Sherlock, love, look at me.”
“I didn’t—” John blustered. “I never—”
He knows he must follow it, even though a sense of doom presides over every step he takes toward the black beast, which sets off at a rapid trot as soon as he starts walking toward it, leading him down to the line of trees at the bottom of the bluff.
John’s breath leaves him in a rush, his own fingers momentarily falling still as Sherlock’s fingers press in against his own.
Sherlock feels a thrill just watching him—the joy he takes in his own body is as bright, as evident as the sunlight on his hair, as the strong lines of his muscles standing out in his arms.
who have both had a rough couple of weeks. You two are the wind beneath my sails. <3 <3
“I suppose you’re disappointed that a man who survived three years of war at sea goes to pieces at any sign of affection.”
He awoke with a start when the door of the bathroom was flung open and slammed into the wall with a resounding crash.
How to explain that his self-doubt is something that is with him always, like a shadow he cannot shake? That his self-worth is so fragile it can apparently fall apart under the influence of a single poisonous thought worming its way into his brain?
John looks up at him and maybe he’s as startled by Sherlock’s sudden eloquence as Sherlock is himself—there’s something like amazement on his face; the prospect only encourages Sherlock to continue.
"Otherwise, I'm happy to oblige you by putting a bullet through your head."
It’s as if they decide together—they do not need to say a word—it’s certain, suddenly clear in that moment that neither of them can wait any longer.
He hears a sound above him almost like a sob and he pulls back at last, so that he can look up at John, straightening up so that he’s kneeling between John’s spread thighs.
Lestrade, still looking flustered, seems to gather himself.
Sherlock thinks, fingers clenched hard against his mouth as he reads, shaking his head.
John is watching him intently, his own cock flushed nearly purple where it’s lying against his belly. Sherlock wants to reach out and take hold of it with his slick fingers, but he knows that would be the end for John. He steadies his breathing and then looks up to John for his next direction.
John hunched over the sink with the faucet running and cleaned the wound as best he could, all the while careful not to look up and catch sight of his own image in the mirror before him. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on his torso when he turned to dry his hands, could feel his gaze lingering on the black line down the center of his chest, the black letters on his stomach and shoulder.
"Why can't we
Sherlock feels all the air leave his lungs in a single breath, just as he can feel the tension go out of the crowd at that simple change in John’s expression.
, a thousand times better… John is all around him—his thighs snug on either side of Sherlock’s hips, the solid warmth of his chest under Sherlock’s back rising and falling steadily with the rhythm of his breath, his arms a reassuring weight around Sherlock’s shoulders.
“Sherlock—”
No. He will not think on Stevens’ final threats, on the lewd curl to his mouth as his eyes traced the length of Sherlock’s frame, on the conversation he overheard before Stevens and his companion joined the group, the flippant way they’d talked about bedding Sherlock like some two-bit whore lifting her skirt in an alleyway.
Nothing happens but the feeling doesn’t change.
Sherlock’s fingers on his wrist… they felt so real, the touch startled John awake.
John’s breathing has grown ragged, his fingers tense against Sherlock’s where he holds them.
He’d wanted to keep the pace of this first sun-soaked coupling leisurely and slow—to allow them both time to simply revel in the delight of their bare, sleep-warmed bodies coming together, but now that they were here together it was hard to keep the pace as slow as John might like—it was still too new between them, they had too much hunger, too much want.
“Is that why you…” Sherlock swallows hard, his eyes flickering over the tendons standing out in John’s flexed forearms. He knows he should probably be upset in light of what John has told him but instead he feels a spreading warmth in his chest from the knowledge that John came to blows in his defense. “Is that why you took that bet?”
It takes all of his willpower to pull his mouth off of John’s and sit up.
John shut his eyes. Oh, this was so much worse than he’d imagined.
Sherlock feels the dread in the pit of his stomach harden into a ball of ice, his mouth going suddenly dry.
But almost as soon as John leans into him, he is pulling away, breaking the kiss, and dropping his hands down to Sherlock’s shoulders to hold him at bay.
“No.”
He’s silent for a few seconds as Ferguson leans over a barrel on the deck before him, sniffing at it before scribbling something on the paper in his hand.
When he breaks the surface, he is already swimming—kicking hard, his arms carving through the water, his face turning every few strokes to draw in breath. It’s the fastest stroke he knows, and he hopes it will give him an advantage over John, whose muscular arms and legs will surely make it easy for him to catch up with Sherlock in no time.
“We know, lad. It’s all right. I’m only glad young Mister Holmes here could help you sort it all out.”
Molly looks up from the book she’s reading, lowers her glasses. “How did it go?”
The brutal disappointment of a party where there will be music, wine, dancing—but no John—crushes Sherlock all over again, dousing the heat of his desire as effectively as a bucket of cold water. He feels petulant, wounded, like a small child who has been promised a treat, only to be punished instead.
She is almost out the door when John calls back to her. “Mrs. Hudson? You didn’t notice anything strange last night, did you? Any strange sounds? Like someone coming in and out of the flat?”
John’s hands slide up his thighs, up, up, up to hold him by the hips, and Sherlock’s breathing is so shallow that for a moment he is frightened he will not be able to draw enough air into his lungs. Sherlock has to shut his eyes; the flood of information is too much, he cannot possibly withstand both the sight and the feel of John’s hands, where they have now slid below the hem of his shirt. Just the feel of them, warm and heavy on his hips is almost more than he can take.
John reached around to snatch the duvet back over his shoulders and then let out a snort of undignified laughter at the frantic expression on Sherlock’s face as he scrambled to get out of the bed.
“Our clerk, John Knott. Clever chap—don’t let that grey, worn-out look fool you. He’s as clever as they come. But a right stubborn bastard he is too.”
“Your turn for what?”
“221 Baker Street, please.”
Billy looks less than convinced but he straightens up at the reminder of his mission, eyes brightening.
Sherlock falls asleep before he can finish the thought, fingers coiled tight around the necklace at his throat.
The scenes kept coming; the brutal images streaming endlessly on and on like scenes from a projector spinning out of control. And no matter the scenario, no matter how intimate, Moriarty would always be there to ruin it, drawing the darkness out of John like poison from a wound.
“Sir?”
Sherlock was hunched over in his arms, and John could feel the unsteady ricochet of his panicked breathing against his neck. He bent his mouth to Sherlock’s head and made soothing noises, while continuing to stroke his hair.
He does so without difficulty, crawling underneath his bunk, feeling his way to the straps to secure it firmly back in place.
John stretches himself out on his back beside Sherlock, hands beneath his head, the sun drawing a gleaming line down the length of his torso and chest and over the beautiful flushed curve of his still-erect cock.
“Now get on your feet and do as you’re told. I want those cables sorted and taken up top by the time I come back. Or you’ll have much worse to contend with than the back of my hand.”
Suddenly, instead of the breeze moving over him, it’s as if he can feel the touch of John’s mouth on his skin—every memory of John’s fingers, his lips—illuminating each place on his body that’s exposed to the sun.
When Sherlock spoke at last, his tone was clipped, matter-of-fact but John heard the hollow, brittle quality in his voice.
John is stripped to the waist, dressed in nothing but his light linen trousers. His feet are bare, his gold hair blazing in the sunlight. His small brown fists are raised above his face, his eyes sharp on Sherlock’s.
him singing, his voice so golden and clear in the midst of all the others—it means he is alive and in relatively good health. It means he has not yet succumbed to his wish to seek revenge on Sherlock’s behalf, and for this, Sherlock is grateful.
at the fine hair.
“Don’t look so horrified, Doctor Watson. I know how much you and Sherlock enjoyed all these little adventures I set up for you. I should have seen it all along. It’s not just Sherlock who gets off on murder; it’s both of you. Think of them as anniversary gifts from me—each corpse marks another milestone in the history of your sordid love affair. It’s really thanks to me the two of you got together at all, so don’t be surprised if I expect a little
The fact that Ferguson went out of his way to get a hold of this document can only mean one thing: he wants to know what the ship is carrying. And although Sherlock cannot be certain of his motivation, if Sherlock had to hazard a guess it would be to say that perhaps Ferguson, like so many members of the crew, suspects the captain is smuggling.
Wishing he could say something of comfort to her but not wanting to make empty promises, Sherlock simply nods.
When Sherlock peeled the garment from his shoulders and dropped it beside himself on the floor, John saw again the sheen of sweat on Sherlock’s collarbones and a shimmer of sweat along his sternum. He made a sound of glee around the popsicle.
of his current position of authority over John. In fact, there are a multitude of ways Sherlock may be able to get rid of Anderson—he just needs to figure out the best way to go about it. And the first place to start is gathering as much information as he can about who might be involved.
Sherlock does not turn to meet John’s gaze—he’s worried if he does he will not be able to stop himself from pushing John down against this fallen tree and offering John the cool sweetness of his mouth, kissing him until they lose all sense of time and place.
It feels so good, but he needs more; he needs John to move faster.
trip over John’s feet, and although he loses the rhythm slightly, he finds it again almost at once.
’s hull, comes the distant sound of shouting, voices raised in argument.
“No, I don’t mean for the wine,” Sherlock says, leaning forward to place one hand on the mattress between them. “I mean,” Sherlock licks his lips. “Thank you for defending me the way you did.” Sherlock drops his eyes, suddenly self-conscious. “No one has ever done that for me. Defended me like that. People have said a lot of horrible things but no one ever…”
He goes on talking, mouth still buried in Sherlock’s part. “It’s so dark, so rich. Do you know, Sherlock, how long I wanted to touch it? Ask me. Ask me how long it’s been.”
John narrowed his eyes at the flames, pushed his chin higher.
“Jesus, Sherlock—”
He took Sherlock deeper this time, a hand on each of his spread thighs, relishing the feel of the muscles tensing beneath his fingers as his mouth sank lower, listening to the sound of Sherlock’s ragged breathing speeding up.
Sherlock can feel the trembling in his thighs that signals just how close he is.
Sherlock’s hands have slid down to the luscious curve of John’s buttocks and now he’s completing the task that he started minutes before, pulling John’s trousers the rest of the way down his hips.
in tow. You’d better settle your sights elsewhere.”
What could Deverall possibly have said to make John laugh like that? What business does he have talking to John anyway? Sherlock has never seen them speak more than two words to one another before.
“How do you know about his deafness?”
Sherlock obediently looped his arms around John’s neck. Sherlock’s skin was cold where it touched John’s. John could feel his breathing, quick and shallow against the front of his chest. “I can’t believe you’re carrying me.”
He pulled the gun from John’s fingers and tucked it away somewhere John couldn’t see. The pressure at his throat didn’t ease so he kept his head up, eyes trained warily on the man’s lowered head.
“Christ, Sherlock. Is that really all you down there?”
John’s sigh in response sounds almost like an emission of pain but Sherlock knows better, he knows from the way John’s head tips back at the gesture how welcome he finds it, his eyes closing in relief.
When he’s finished dressing, Sherlock tucks the note into the breast pocket of his waistcoat, the sharp edge of its folded corner a reassuring pressure against his chest.
Even the unappealing prospect of the evening meal is still two hours away.
“Right this way, Madame, please. There are other matters that need my attention.”
Ignoring the doctor in him that was telling him to bandage his bloody hand, he put that hand on Sherlock’s hip, and used the other to guide his erection to the entrance to Sherlock’s body. He put the head of his cock against the puckered flesh and then very slowly pushed forward with his hips, stopping after the first inch.
“Are they not?”
As much as he hates to admit it, he has grown used to the thin grey walls of his cabin, the monotonous heaving line of the blue horizon; as tedious as they have been these many months, they have formed the boundaries of his world—simple, dull, reliable. Sherlock realizes that in that time his senses have grown dull as a result, like an unused muscle grown stiff without use.
“Well, I suppose I should leave you to it,” John says, rising to his feet.
“Yes?” John said, his voice cracking with the strain of his unbearably aroused body, practically vibrating with the need to push his hips into Sherlock, to thrust, to
Sherlock wants so badly,
And into his mind, unbidden, comes the image of Mycroft, stepping carefully around the debris of Sherlock’s thoughts with a disapproving look on his face, his well-shined boots gleaming in the wreckage.
John, on the other hand, is burning up. Sweat crawls down the back of his neck—his shirt is soaked through. The thirst he feels is like a knife in his throat. He wants to ask Sherlock something but he can’t get the words out.
John pushes a hand up into his hair, his eyes heavy as he looks up at Sherlock, who leans instinctively into the touch.
it will be the same on shore; he cannot. The disappointment would surely kill him.
“How was your bath?”
The man’s hand withdrew, his eyes now fixed on the length of John’s throat. “You’ll know the place, he says. Such lovely, lovely flesh. The room at the top of the house. You’ll go willingly, he says… if you want to see your Sherlock Holmes again.” His breathing thickened. John saw him lick his lips. “I’m sure he won’t mind if I make the smallest slice.”
The smile she offers him before she drops into her curtsy is genuine but it is tinged now with sadness.
“I understand if you don’t think you can be with me. I know I don’t often—I can’t always feel the things I’m meant to, or at least—not in the same way. But that doesn’t mean I don’t feel them. And I’m not… I know I’m not…”
John let his mouth slide further down until he found a dusting of powdered sugar on the curve where Sherlock’s neck met his shoulder. John licked at it, flattening his tongue, exaggerating the gesture so that he was lapping at the crease of Sherlock’s neck in long broad strokes, his hips grinding down into the soft flesh of Sherlock’s stomach with each drag of his tongue until Sherlock was pulling John’s body down against him, searching for more friction against his fully erect cock.
He’s so thoroughly sick of being treated like an insolent child—it’s insufferable!
Sherlock nods, hardly hearing John’s words, so desperate is he to get his mouth back against John’s, his hips hitching up of their own accord to create that lovely friction again between them.
“Don’t you dare apologize.” John kisses his worried mouth. “You were absolutely spectacular. As for your question, if you’re not too tired…”
John shifted his hips, spreading his legs wider to give Sherlock better access. He sat up on his elbows to watch.
“Was this advertised as a gala cruise?  People do rent out those party boats, go up and down the Thames…”
“Do what?” John asks.
Remembering it now, Sherlock groans as he pulls the folded paper out from his jacket pocket.
Sherlock nods, his worry and his awe and his relief all struggling for dominance on his face.
John steps forward, places his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders to adjust his stance. Sherlock’s whole body tenses at the touch.
“Good,” John says, and his voice is still strained, but Sherlock wants—
“Sherlock?”
But in some ways, it doesn’t matter. Sherlock is certain now that he knows whom the poison was meant for.
“This—bathing together; me, washing your hair.”
Special thanks this chapter to my dear friend, Sev313, who helped me untangle various complicated moments, and once again spoke at length with me about John Watson and all the abuse he puts up with.
“COME ON JOHNNY!”
John stretches beside him, rolling his shoulders as if to physically shrug off the weight of his grief. He flattens his fists out on his knees, rubs his palms over his thighs.
He sits back so that there is space between them, causing Sherlock to give another little whine of frustration but from here, now, he can see more of John, and his eyes as they fall heavy on Sherlock almost make up for the absence of John’s thighs against his own.
The fact that Sherlock is covered in ship’s slime and rats is a new low, even for him, and to Sherlock’s horror this realization conjures up the apparition of his brother, his face a mixture of condescension and smug delight.
The sound of it makes Sherlock’s chest ache, although if you asked him why, he could not put the feeling into words.
Molly pauses for a half-second before answering. “No. The
He feels Sherlock’s thumb stroke the inside of his wrist.
Colonel Jackson has stepped back from the grating—his expression looks haunted.
Sherlock cannot bear to ask the next question. He is sure he knows the answer already, but he needs to be certain. He realizes John will not say it without prompting.
John opens his mouth to protest but a crowd of sailors surges around him like the sea itself, pulling him to his feet and leading him in their midst back to the cleared space in the center of the floor.
He settled back down against Sherlock’s chest, wedged snugly in between the back of the couch and Sherlock’s naked body. He was content to stay exactly where he was until some basic instinct drove him from the spot. Such as the desire to have more sex. Oh, and more food at some point.
Miss Goodfellow presses her napkin nervously to her lips several times before speaking up. “I for one cannot wait for an opportunity to leave the vessel, for however brief a time. Do you think—” And now she addresses her question to Colonel Jackson, as all the ladies seem to do when they are in want of reassurance. “Will we stay long at the port in Rio? Will we have a chance to leave the ship?”
The cup re-emerged, now half empty, and John caught a glimpse of Sherlock’s face as he lifted up the corner of the pillow to hand it back to John.
At this image—of Sherlock’s flushed and spit-slicked lips around his own shining length, John’s hips gave one final jerk and then he was rising up off the carriage seat, his body dissolving into a shimmer of heat, vision whiting out as pleasure burst through him sharp and sweet and transcendent.
To his horror, Sherlock feels his eyes prickle with tears. He turns his head away from John, ashamed.
He felt Sherlock’s eyes move to his torso, where the dark writing on his chest still gleamed, harsh and vindictive.
“They want to welcome you to their kingdom, you… their lost pearl.”
He grits his teeth, stomach roiling with self-hatred. For one wild, irrational moment, he wishes he could go back in time and change it, scrub out the names he’d written on the page, so clearly implicating him and John, so thoroughly damning them if discovered.
John leaned over and very gently removed the papers from Sherlock’s hands. He closed the laptop and set it aside then, moving as quietly as possible, he crept into Sherlock’s room and came back with a blanket, which he spread over Sherlock’s lap.
It was going to be a long night.
“We’ll have to tell John the truth,” he tells her. “Don’t worry, he won’t tell anyone.”
“John!” he whispers hoarsely, reaching out to grab John’s shoulder and then he’s pulling John’s body towards his own, kissing him one last time.
Sherlock’s mouth is impossibly soft, his gasp of surprise as sweet as honey to the starving center at the heart of John. He tugs Sherlock down with him into the water, opening his eyes briefly to take in the shocked blue of Sherlock’s gaze.
For a moment, John thought he’d gone too far.
“Hurry up, John! You know Inspector Lestrade waits for no man!”
Summoning his most self-important posture—shoulders straightening, chin lifting a fraction of an inch to convey his superiority—Sherlock strides forward to stand beside the two men.
All he knows is that he wants to help John feel better—he needs to, and he knows, in some deep, visceral way that this is the answer.
John raised his voice to be heard over the furor. “Everybody calm down! There’s got to be another way out, and panicking won’t help us find it.” A few people stopped pushing and turned to look at him. “Get down low so you don’t breathe in the smoke. And for God’s sake stop pushing and shoving!”
More boxing lessons. Sherlock finally gets the chance to show off.
He makes his way quietly up behind the other man, standing several feet back, placing one elbow casually beside him on the railing to communicate his nonchalance.
Sherlock studies the man for a moment or two, his eyes flickering over his torso, his limbs, watching as another sailor calls down to him, observing the way he answers; then his mouth quirks up in a smile. It’s too easy. He should ask John to pick someone more difficult, but it wouldn’t make any difference. He’s too good at it.
John pulls Sherlock’s legs from around his waist and settles them so his feet are on the sand, knees bent so that John can fit between them.
Time becomes strange—seems to splinter and dissolve for an indeterminable period as he sinks back into the heat of his trembling body, and down against the sweat-soaked sheets.
Sherlock hesitates briefly.
No, if he does not deal with this now, Ferguson will only grow angrier with every passing minute.
“Thank you, sir.”
Sherlock waits a minute or two before following after him—happy to give the man a wide berth. Curious as he may be about the other man’s activities, he has no wish to have another encounter like the last one, and if he dares to get too close to Ferguson he’s certain the man will be happy to pick up right where he left off.
“They said when the ship reaches port, they’ll bring… women on board for the men.” Sherlock feels bile rising in the back of his throat but he forces himself to keep speaking. He has to know; much better to know now, than be surprised when the time comes. “Will they? And… will you…?”
“He plays his violin to lure his victims onto thin ice, or into leaky boats and then draws them down to the bottom of the water to drown.”
“Well, in that case,” Miss Gibbons smiles at them coldly, “I guess we really shouldn’t keep you.”
It was difficult at first. Difficult to keep his shaking hands steady, to work through the pain in his forehead, but John had stitched men back together under worse conditions, and remembering that helped strengthen his resolve.
John heard the sound of a gun being cocked. “Wouldn’t you like to know?”
was the one who initiated it. Incredible.”
Sherlock spares a moment of pity for the officers dressed in their dark woolen uniforms. He watches Lieutenant Dimmock briefly remove his hat to mop his forehead with an already damp handkerchief. Lestrade, who’s far too dignified for such a gesture appears to be suffering in noble silence, but Sherlock can see thin trails of sweat running down the side of his face from underneath his hat.
As soon as he catches sight of Sherlock, he throws him a filthy look, and turns to head back down the stairs.
Sherlock watches with some reluctance as John takes one of the buckets and vanishes through the doorway. But if he knows anything about John, he suspects John will not want to be gone long, with the knowledge that a naked Sherlock will soon be putting that fragrant bar of soap to good use, all over his body…
“Do you mean like this?”
He feels blown apart by it.
“God, Sherlock…”
Sherlock shakes his head, hands shifting slightly down to grasp John by the back of his neck. “No!”
“So what?” Sherlock asked blandly, or it would have been blandly, if there wasn’t that rough edge in his voice broadcasting something dark and hungry, like the lean shadow of some starving beast confined for years to the bottom of a cage only now set free, that seemed to reach inside John’s chest and drag his heart up into his lungs, constricting the passage of air.
“What nonsense! Of course not.”
The touch of John’s lips against his skin tears open a hole inside of him that can only be filled by more of John—all of him—against Sherlock, now, now,
He wishes longingly for a moment that he had another bucket of hot water for a proper bath, but he quickly dismisses the extravagant thought and settles for a thorough scrubbing with the cold water from his pewter basin.
John wiped sweat off his brow with the hand that was holding his gun. He must look a right mess. He’d lost his jacket somewhere along the way and his ridiculous mask. His eyes were still stinging from the smoke but his hands had never been steadier.
John guides him gently to a sitting position and then eases the violin case from his hand. He sets it on the ground at Sherlock’s feet, and drops into a crouch in front of him, a fond smile unfolding over his face.
He was drenched in sweat, the sheets around him so wet they were clinging to his legs.
Sherlock dragged his mouth back up to John’s ear. “Do you want to feel that again, John?”
John shut his eyes, struggling to manage the warring sensations of anger and relief, overcome by the implications of the fact that Sherlock had broken a sheet of glass and
“Is that—?”
She puts a hand over her mouth, takes a moment to collect herself.
Sherlock’s weight against him is reassuringly heavy. John shifts his legs to settle Sherlock more snugly against him.
"But you
Sherlock reaches for the bottle. It’s fine—he’s only going to use a little bit.
Pulling his knees up, John gestures for Sherlock to come sit between them.
There are hours yet before the evening meal, an event that Sherlock is only entertaining as a possibility in order to give him
Sherlock pulled off slightly, breath coming hard from his nose, cheeks hollowing as his mouth rode back up, and John gritted his teeth, fingers clenching in the material at Sherlock’s back. He wasn’t going to last much longer. His breathing was ragged, thighs tensed under Sherlock’s hands.
Sherlock pressed a kiss to the top of his head. “Green curry it is.”
John stared at Sherlock, his mouth hanging open in shock. Not ten minutes ago he wanted to beat Sherlock to within an inch of his life to get him to stop whining, now, hearing Sherlock’s proposition he found that bending Sherlock over the coffee table and fucking the living daylights out of him was exactly what he wanted.
than enough time for him to do so. And how on earth could Sherlock possibly help him?
Sherlock makes a helpless sound, his hands sliding up John’s back, desperate to reach more of him.
Even though the words are potentially comical, there is something deeply sincere in the cadence of John’s voice, in the way his mouth curls sorrowfully around the notes. Hearing John sing the word ‘love,’ that endearment that he uses so often with Sherlock makes Sherlock feel like the song carries a secret meaning just for him.
Sherlock did and John slid the pillow in under his arse.
“John…” Sherlock turned against him with sudden urgency, his other hand slipping down to clutch at the one in John’s. His voice was full of desperation. “What did he do?”
“Oh God, I’m so sorry.”
John’s mouth continues moving down the slope of Sherlock’s neck to his shoulder, where the collar of Sherlock’s linen shirt has slipped down, revealing the pale skin of his shoulder and throat.
He’d been in shock himself that night so he hadn’t thought much about it—except of course in the dreams he’d had afterwards—but it occurred to him now what a sea change that night really had been for them both, and that it hadn’t just changed the way he felt about Sherlock; it had changed the way Sherlock felt about him.
“Don’t be an idiot, Jackson. Good weather never holds up at sea. Especially days like these. I reckon the wind will die down soon enough.”
“Mmm…”
, Sherlock.”
Nothing; Sherlock has never done anything to deserve this.
“You’ll be alright now. Go to sleep, John.”
Sherlock doesn’t even have to finish asking. John has already slipped his hand down to take hold of Sherlock’s cock, tilting Sherlock’s chin up as he does so to bring Sherlock’s mouth against his own.
It takes only a moment for Sherlock to understand Deverall’s meaning, but he’s ashamed that it takes him as long as it does.
Sherlock is busy half the night, putting his plan into action, arranging everything just so.
The lights in the chandeliers overhead went dark.
The captain lifts his hand again for silence, his scowl deepening; the crowd quiets again to a hush.
What will they do to him? How do they punish a sailor for striking a fellow crewmate?
“I texted Lestrade. The Yard’s on their way. Although how they’re going to get on this bloody ship when it’s in the middle of the Thames is beyond me.”
“It’s lucky he didn’t.” John opens his eyes again with a long breath. “Otherwise, he would be dead.”
Ferguson’s gaze is fixed on unwavering on Mr. Knott. “Don’t think there isn’t a reason for that.”
Sherlock decides quickly that the best approach is one of complete and utter naivety.
Sherlock looks up at John’s lovely face, the corners of his eyes creased tight with concern. It’s so difficult to say what he’s thinking, to tell John what he’s afraid of, but he wants so much, and the gentleness in John’s eyes gives him the courage to speak.
It’s as if John has suddenly presented him with the key.
“I—” Lestrade pauses to reflect. “It’s difficult to tell with him. His temperament is frequently sullen and disinterested. I cannot say that it was any different this morning.”
John curses then, and it is the foulest string of words Sherlock has ever heard put together.
Moriarty pulled his thumb out of John’s mouth, smearing blood obscenely over his bottom lip.
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you? You’d like to hit me and then push me to my knees, feel my bloody mouth around your cock.”
on deck (he isn’t sure he could bear the sight of John so similarly
Sherlock approaches the desk, suddenly painfully aware of the slime still coating his shirtsleeves, and probably trailing from his boots—this was not the ideal time to come stealthily search the captain’s rooms, but he’ll have to make due.
He hurries up the remaining stairs, his curiosity piqued, the golden light of the setting sun growing brighter with each step he takes, until he emerges out into the gilded world of the upper deck.
“God, that’s—
“No. No! you can’t make demands of me, not after what you did! Not when you’re still doing it, right now. You tricked me, Sherlock. You tricked me and then you drugged me! You’re drugging me now! How could you do that to me? How could you make me think you’re dead? And then come back here, as a ghost, and make demands of me? How
“I… I couldn’t stop touching myself even after you left.”
“I wouldn’t—”
He’s happy to rejoin the rowdy group of sailors, who have struck up a drinking song that Colonel Jackson is loudly trying to join in (even though he clearly does not know the words), but is distressed to realize that he has lost sight of John in the chaos of the laughing, shouting crowd.
for which John is grateful, except occasionally reaching out to take his hand, and John lets her take it, squeezing back without being able to match her smile. It’s better than nothing, but she too is a memory of Sherlock, and it gnaws at the heart of him to look into her brown eyes and remember.
“Is this what it feels like when Sherlock is inside of you? How will it feel when I pull your heart out through your stomach? Will it feel as sweet?”
At this realization Sherlock feels a throb of pain go through him.
John crouches forward over one bent knee, fingertips just skimming the sand, then looks over at Sherlock with a grin.
“I like you… in it,” John says, tongue tracing the length of his bottom lip, fingers stilling on his cock. “It’s all I have left of hers. I wouldn’t let just anyone wear it.”
Sherlock feels vaguely affronted. He opens his mouth to deny it. “I—”
So instead he skirts the group entirely and makes his way around the perimeter of the deck, avoiding the lieutenants and midshipmen as best he can until he reaches the forecastle deck, where he and John often have their boxing lessons.
John kisses the side of Sherlock’s face, and flexes his hips once again. The pressure on Sherlock’s cock feels so good, this time he arches his head back in the sand with a cry.
. You got rid of Anderson, and do you know what that means, Sherlock, aside from the fact that you’re incredibly brave?”
The horror in his expression at this suggestion must be all too clear because John is reaching up to lay a soothing hand on his shoulder.
Too late.
Sherlock still hadn’t let go of his arms. He looked at John, his eyes slightly unfocused, bluer than John had ever seen. He felt his pulse pick up at the sight of them.
“What about you, lad?” This time it’s Burns who asks the question, turning to Sherlock with curiosity. “How is it that you ended up on this godforsaken voyage?”
Maybe it was just because the longer John looked at Sherlock’s fingers the more he remembered all the things those fingers could do so dexterously—
been just outside, listening, why hadn’t he barged right into the room and apprehended them himself? Why bother to get Deverall and Dimmock to come down here, especially when they were clearly so reluctant to be dragged away from the party?
There had been a dearth of cases recently. Sherlock was getting that wound-up rodent energy that drove John up the wall. He was certain that the party would at least provide a welcome change of scenery.
you.”
John tried to reassure himself the entire long ride to the hospital that Sherlock’s panic was just a result of his shock, not the result of some past traumatic experience at a hospital that Mycroft had exposed him to. For a man who loved cadavers as much as Sherlock it seemed strange for him to voice any kind of aversion toward going to a hospital. John also knew Sherlock had a high tolerance for physical pain so it seemed odd that his panic would be a result of his wound. But he had had no choice in the matter.
It’s a rude awakening—to remember that the rest of the world exists—Sherlock does not feel prepared to face it.
“Easy, easy,” John sighs, like gentling a spooked horse. “Let’s go slowly all right? It’s a lot to take in.”
what I owe him!”
“Let’s have another!”
“Ah, but you are in the mood, obviously.” Sherlock grinned wickedly. “No, no this could be fun.”
He just heard John singing. Just a few hours ago—he was fine. He was fine. Sherlock knows this.
Sherlock kissed the corner of John’s mouth where his lips turned up in amusement.
His voice is soft but Sherlock can hear the fear welling dark between the words.
Sherlock feels a low squirming of disappointment deep in his gut; he knows exactly what John is about to say—it’s the same thing everyone has been telling him for the last twenty four hours:
One of John’s strong arms folds in around Sherlock’s waist, and Sherlock settles back against him with a happy sigh, already feeling calmer, more at ease.
John nods with his mouth open, his face full of amazement. “Every detail. How on
“What is it?” he asks, pulling Sherlock against him by the hand, the bandages on his palm as they slide against Sherlock’s, filling Sherlock with a sharp spike of guilt.
Sherlock stares at John, uncomprehending.
John’s lips are soft, and they feel softer still for the contrast of the stubble on his cheek—he did not have time to shave this morning after leaving Sherlock’s room and Sherlock can feel the vivid scratch of it against his chin. He wants to rub his face in it until his skin is tingling all over.
“The vivisections were performed elsewhere and the bodies were brought here. But why here?” Sherlock was circling the perimeter of the room, his eyes moving over the dust on the curtains, the years of grime smudged on the windowpanes. He sank to his knees, and peered under a shrouded ottoman. “Who owns the house?”
His hands drop to Sherlock’s waistcoat.
“No, no, it was lovely. Do it again. I just—you, touching me, it’s… oh, Sherlock.”
Sherlock will never get tired of the feeling of John’s mouth against his own, the soft slide of John’s lips against his. He still feels slightly clumsy, not wholly sure where to put his tongue, how to tilt his head, but it’s impossible to care when John’s mouth is there, warm, and wet and opening beneath his own. The corresponding rush of heat in his belly, surging down between his legs, when John pushes his tongue past Sherlock’s lips, hot and slick, moving with delicious intention, makes Sherlock moan in response, his arms tightening around the small of John’s back.
Briggs yanked on Sherlock’s arms and John saw Sherlock’s face contort with pain.
“So now just… push in a little bit of a time to help me—” John gasps as Sherlock readjusts his finger. “To help me get accustomed, alright?”
The effect this act has on John is immediate. He cries out above Sherlock, fingers pulling so hard in Sherlock’s hair that Sherlock’s eyes water from the pressure. It feels so good Sherlock almost loses his rhythm, but he’s determined to keep going now until John finds release.
“John!”
“I better get back to my post so I’ll bid you good day Mr. ... Holmes, is it?”
“John, listen to me. You’ve got stay awake for me, all right? Don’t fall asleep. We’ve got to cool you down. I’m going to help you to the water.”
Sherlock clutches at his sheet in desperation as he tries to think of what to say.
But Sherlock knows that if he does he will not come out of the water.
Sherlock feels the flush of anger in his cheeks intensify.
Sherlock was entirely too close to John for comfort, but John refused to fall back a step. He could smell the familiar scent of Sherlock’s expensive shampoo, could feel the heat from Sherlock’s torso as Sherlock leaned down to put his lips against John’s ear. The smell of Sherlock this close—it was like a match being dragged to life—his whole body was suddenly aflame.
He thinks that some of what he saw that day might be leftover from the period Stamford is describing now.
“We’re really here. And it’s finally time for me to show you what I’ve planned for us.”
Before Sherlock has a chance to fully process this, Billy is off and running again down the corridor, calling back over his shoulder. “I’ll try and find you later, if I can!”
“But how—how did you manage to stay with all of your work? How did you find the time?”
John hesitates before the door and Sherlock wonders why he’s stopped only to realize that John is waiting for him to open it, being polite—he thinks—and the deference of the gesture touches Sherlock, even if he finds it completely unnecessary.
Without saying a word, Colonel Jackson turns and makes his way back down the deck away from the quarterdeck.
“Wait…” It took all of John’s self control to still his hips. “I want…” John panted. “I want to touch you, before we come and I can’t…”
Sherlock squatted down beside the dark-haired corpse, running his eyes over the exposed chest cavity.
“You shouldn’t be here.”
“Up on your knees,” John breathes into Sherlock’s mouth.
He cannot help but turn around just once to look back at John, and when he does, he sees that John is still watching him from where he stands beside the bar, his hands back in his pockets, his posture seemingly casual again.
John stepped away to re-wet the flannel, and when he turned back to Sherlock he saw there was a smirk on the corner of his mouth.
Sherlock groans aloud, overcome by his own desire.
“Who’s next?”
Sherlock opens his eyes.
The feel of it, the angle of Sherlock’s hips, the hot, tight slide of Sherlock’s cock in and out of him, made the low burn of John’s pleasure began to build in a slow crescendo within him. He knew his orgasm wasn’t far, but he wanted to feel Sherlock come in him first, wanted to help pull the pleasure from Sherlock before he came himself.
“What I should play?” he breathes.
John let himself be led, his body stiff, his mind a whirl of panic. He felt Sherlock put a hand against his back, as if to steady him.
And, just in case you're worried, I feel like I should mention that this is NOT the end of the story. Not at all.
“The trouble is I care for you so much, it’s easy to forget sometimes that I don’t… that I’ve had no confirmation that you return those feelings. And I shouldn’t have assumed. I presumed too much. When I saw you earlier with Miss Hooper, I should’ve realized...” John shakes his head, still not looking at Sherlock. “I’m sorry. I let my own feelings blind me to your intentions this whole time.”
John’s arms came up around him instinctively.
Unless none of it was real…
“Is that so?” The query comes from Stevens.
“Y-your mouth around my…” He licks his lips, his cheeks flushing hard. He’s momentarily overcome with self-consciousness.
Billy peers up at Sherlock through his fringe, clearly surprised by the question—as if he isn’t used to people asking about himself, which of course, he wouldn’t be.
But he forces himself to nod in acknowledgment of John’s words, and swallows hard, looking down.
“Haul away you rolling kings!”
Sherlock watches Burns make his way down the ladder to the waiting boat.
John turns to look at him and Sherlock can see his mouth curling into a smile at the look on Sherlock’s face.
“Arrogant prat.”
“Really?” Sherlock whispers, wanting to be fully present for this conversation but still distracted by his very hard cock against John’s hip. It is taking all his effort to keep his hips from rubbing off against John’s side.
Sherlock watches the man before him go absolutely still. It’s an unnerving experience, like watching a snake before it’s about to strike. He looks up at Sherlock and something about the razor sharp quality of his gaze makes Sherlock feel suddenly as though the man can see straight through him.
“Is that a challenge?”
His eyes at last slid up to John’s—the blue of his irises were filled with heat.
He takes a step back from Sherlock, looking him over as if seeing him for the first time and noticing all his flaws—the grime on his jacket, his split lip, his filthy hair.
John’s mouth slides up to the inside of Sherlock’s wrist, pushing the sleeve of Sherlock’s shirt up his forearm to bare more of his white skin.
Leaning forward as far as he dares, Sherlock looks down the side of the ship to see John sitting astride the enormous anchor, the muscles in his thighs bulging where his knees grip the iron, his bare feet snug against the flukes. In one hand, he holds a giant metal spike. As precarious as his position might look, it’s clear from the ease in his posture that John has no fear of falling.
John’s hands have returned to Sherlock’s thighs, his warm mouth opening now against the pulse at the base of Sherlock’s throat, dragging down, down, down.
When his dreams aren’t nightmares, or flashbacks to his drug-induced sleep, they are filled with strange dark images. He dreams of Sherlock dressed in leaves, climbing into bed with him, his hands on John’s body cold as the grave; Sherlock with moldering white wings, on the back of a giant wolf; he and Sherlock in a boat on a black river, pulled along by a figure in a hooded cloak. Looking into the water, John can see his own face staring back at him, like a pale light shining up from the depths.
Sherlock shakes his head when it’s clear that John is waiting for a response from him of some kind.
As Sherlock feels shame make his cheeks grow warm, he realizes that his face feels hotter than it normally does—in fact, the whole of his face and neck and forearms are warm to the touch.
“It’s been cold in here,” Sherlock added nervously. “My heater’s broken.”
Sherlock managed to keep himself occupied thanks to a steady stream of communication between him and Lestrade. John wasn’t sure whether he was feeding Sherlock details about potential cases, or if Sherlock was simply nagging him, but whatever it was it kept Sherlock busy.
“It was right beside the woods where the rowan trees stood, and in springtime, the lilac boughs at the entryway would make a little bower, the branches so laden with flowers they hung almost to the ground.”
Sherlock’s tone of calm assurance failed to have the effect he’d hoped.
Sherlock made a sound that was half-snarl, half-moan.
In the time it took for the food to arrive, John used the bathroom and pulled on one of the ridiculously luxurious silk robes hanging in the closet. He picked up the newspaper that had been delivered earlier in the morning and was just starting to consider ringing again to see how much he’d have to charge to get them to expedite the breakfast making process when a polite knock sounded at the door.
“Good lad.”
“I know. I’m sorry—I didn’t—” He’s distinctly aware that he’s babbling again but he cannot seem to stop the words from spilling out. “I wasn’t going to say anything. I was just going to leave but I couldn’t, John, I couldn’t help it—when I saw you there I couldn’t stop myself—”
Sherlock shifts his weight onto his elbows so that he can reposition himself, settling the aching flesh of his now very present erection down against John’s groin. They are still both completely nude, the only thing covering their nakedness the sheet twisted around them both, so when Sherlock presses his hips down into John’s, he is rewarded by the stiff heat of John’s very full and very naked cock sliding in against his own.
John understands his meaning and begins to rock his hips, gently at first, in a low rolling shallow motion, into Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock keeps his eyes shut. It’s not so scary to say what is on his mind if he cannot see John’s face when he says it. “I thought you sang the song for her. I thought… that’s why you looked so sad when you were singing. Because you missed her.”
Sherlock grasps at the bulwark beside him as he tries to keep his panic at bay, as he tries to clear his head and
So thank you, thank you for all your comments and kudos and bookmarks, and just for reading. I am so, so lucky to have a readership like you.
The man is short, neither stocky nor lean, but his body is compact and capable, wiry with muscle from years of hard work. His hair is a shock of gold—bright from hours spent in the sun. He has a care-worn, expressive face that often turns up in a smile at the least prompting. However there is a hardness to him, a darkness in the corners of his face that speaks of hidden depths, of wars won and battles lost, a thirst for danger glittering just out of sight.
“Yeah,” John bit out, his voice catching as Sherlock licked a trail down the length of his spine. “Yeah, it was…” John licked his lips again. “You made it all very…” Now Sherlock was mouthing at the hollow at the base of his hips. John arched his back at the sensation with a little moan. “Very…”
“I’m not going to leave you alone again.” Sherlock’s voice is fierce in the darkness. “I won’t do that to you. Not ever again.”
“I know he’s dangerous but…” Sherlock’s eyes on John’s are pleading. “But surely it’s more dangerous to sit by and do nothing?”
Sherlock kneels before him. The gesture is almost automatic, his desire to prostrate himself before John’s magnificence causing him to act before he can even question his reason for doing so; and now, on his knees before John, he feels with a profundity that reaches deep into his bones the appropriateness of the gesture, how the reverence in the pose, the worshipful quality makes John’s god-like status all the more apparent. He bows low for one silent moment, before straightening up to slide his hands with a low hiss of pleasure over the sharp angles of John’s hips and down over the bulging muscles in his thighs.
“When I heard you call for help…” Sherlock can hear the pain in John’s voice at the memory and the sound of it is as visceral as a punch to Sherlock’s gut. “I thought… when I couldn’t go to you—” His voice clenches up and Sherlock feels horror flood his lungs—thick and black as pitch—stopping his breath. “I was so worried, Sherlock. I had to wait until the end of that shift to find out what happened. Burns sent Billy to look in on you for me, so I knew you were fine, but those four hours—” John’s voice is ragged. “They were hell.”
“Is that what you’re imagining?”
“I told him that I had, very much.”
“Just an hour or so.”
interest? It’s been six months, John.”
“Coming!” he yells, and then he’s pulling his hands out of Sherlock’s and stepping out of the alcove, but Sherlock cannot bear to see him go, not without one more kiss.
John’s body tastes like salt—like the sea itself—and the feeling of it so warm under Sherlock’s tongue, the sensation of all that hard muscle just under the skin, it makes him moan with self-indulgent pleasure, his own hips growing heavier, as his tongue circles one of John’s nipples and then laves over it.
Sherlock whimpers in response to this.
John sucks on it hard, and Sherlock speeds up the pace of his stroking, his gaze, unwavering on John’s as he pulls John towards the brink of his orgasm.
John’s first note was lovely, sweet even, full of tenderness, but there was an evenness to the sentiment expressed within. It felt calm, instilled with the faith that all would be right with the world again soon. Reading it was like seeing one of John’s reassuring smiles.
The tenderness of this gesture proves too much for Sherlock.
John spoons the warm porridge into his mouth and Sherlock swallows hungrily, opens his mouth again.
He looks up to see John watching him, blue eyes dark with concern.
The expression on Sherlock’s face intensified at John’s form of address. He gave a little gasp, his mouth falling open, but still he kept his eyes shut.
Sherlock lets John pull him along by the hand and maybe it’s the drink or maybe it’s the music—Sherlock cannot say except that he’s certain in this moment that he’s never felt quite so desperate to be alone with John. He can feel his heart pounding in the press of their hands, his pulse hot and insistent against John’s, as if his very life force is reaching out for John’s, blood calling out to blood.
John climbed to his feet.
“And when we wallop around Cape Horn.”
Sherlock studied the expanse of his hand with concern. “God, I really made a mess.”
“You seem to have this notion in your head that I’m better off without you. That you aren’t good enough for me.” Sherlock can hear the disbelief in John’s voice even as he says the words—the undercurrent of dark humor—and when Sherlock looks at John, sure enough his lips are lifting wryly at one corner.
He dumps the whole mess into his slop bucket before crawling into bed, determined not to dream of bronze-armed sailors swinging from the rigging, leaping over the waves.
“OYE!”
Now Sherlock was finally seeing him again. He pulled at John’s hands, his face wrecked.
It reminds Sherlock of John’s hopelessness after he injured his hands, but it’s different now, for it isn’t just hopelessness—there’s rage there as well, the hard and burning look that Sherlock has seen in his eyes before, that Sherlock is certain is what John must look like with a sword in his hand, when he’s staring down the barrel of a gun.
“Come between my legs—this will make things much easier.”
He’s wearing his jacket again, Sherlock notices with frantic relief, the worn fabric dull against the gleaming guitar in his arms. Sherlock whispers a silent prayer of fervent thanks for this fact. It’s bad enough watching John play this instrument with assurance and skill, Sherlock knows he would not survive the sight if John were dressed only in his linen trousers.
Sherlock nods, speechless with shock.
Sherlock tightens his hands in the fabric of John’s shirt, half-mad with frustration. “
But for now, he ignores it, reaching down instead between his thighs and circling a slicked finger around the entrance to his body.
He tries to school his features into a look of understanding but he obviously fails because John is reaching for his hands now, his grip warm and reassuring.
The stench was so bad they were forced to cover their faces with whatever they had at hand—Lestrade held his scarf up to his mouth; John covered his face with the sleeve of his jacket. Only Sherlock resisted the impulse but John heard his breathing grow shallow the deeper they penetrated into the interior of the filthy warehouse.
“Maybe. Perhaps I want you compromised so I can have my way with you.”
“Yes,” he says, nodding again, this time with more conviction.
“What’s funny?” Sherlock snapped, suddenly imperious despite the fact that he was still sprawled, naked, in John’s lap.
Somebody wolf-whistled. The crowd of people began pushing in around them. John couldn’t take his eyes off Sherlock’s startled face. Somebody grabbed John by his elbow and began pushing him closer. He saw Sherlock’s blue eyes narrow.
John drops into a crouch beside him, his voice low enough that it cannot be heard over the din of the crowd by anyone other than Sherlock.
Sherlock opens his eyes to find John looking at him with unbelievable tenderness. When he speaks, his voice is low and full of heat. “Yes, it is.”
John re-settles the guitar against himself and the silence that falls over the waiting men is filled with expectation.
Sherlock scrambles to his feet, still struggling to catch his breath.
Sherlock’s cock twitches between their bodies at the feeling.
Sherlock opens his eyes and stares up at John in amazed disbelief.
“We’ll need to stop by your room. So you can get your fiddle, of course.”
Sherlock hears the sound of footsteps leaving his bed, the sound of the door opening and closing, and then there is silence, broken only by the idle beep of the heart monitor—the distant sound of the ocean, the sunlight burning through the grass, the shadow of the cottage that never existed at his back, once again hundreds of miles away.
“Come on, lads, let’s get this boy a drink!”
He turns to look at her and he can see the excitement shining in her eyes, as clearly as he can see it in the faces of the passengers crowding the decks around them.
He also has
He doesn’t think he’s ever wanted to kiss John so badly as he does in this moment.
John gasps above him, still holding his hands helplessly aloft in what looks almost like a gesture of surrender, as though inviting Sherlock without speaking to do anything he’d like, anything at all.
He hears John’s breathing go ragged, overcome at the feel of him, and then Sherlock wonders if John isn’t quite as undone as he is because now he’s pressing his forehead in against Sherlock’s, his breathing unsteady against Sherlock’s cheek and Sherlock thinks he is trying to calm himself.
“My god, you’re beautiful like this,” John says, kissing a drop of sweat trickling down his temple, his tongue coming out to lap at the spot—sending a shudder through Sherlock, making him whine again, long and needy, his hips jerking in John’s grip. “You’re glowing, Sherlock. You’re as radiant as moonlight.”
“What?”
John could feel the low rumble of Sherlock’s voice through the couch. His head was just by John’s knee, almost touching. John studied Sherlock’s hair in the candlelight; he had never noticed before the touches of auburn in it, and in the low light from the candles it looked almost gold. John wanted to reach out and run his fingers through it, see if it felt as soft as it looked. He took another sip of wine instead.
Sherlock’s face was grim. “This whole thing stinks of Moriarty. And if I know anything about dear Jim it’s that he’s not keen on survivors.”
The range of emotion in John’s voice is all the more powerful to Sherlock for the fact that this time, he cannot see John’s face as he sings—he can only hear him—and still,
“It was—well, I don’t know! He was drugged! It was…surprisingly forceful for someone who’d been sedated. He grabbed hold of me and wouldn’t let go.”
John spends the morning scouring the front step of 221B for footprints from last night, but only finds one set—clearly the postman’s. He barges into Mrs. Hudson’s flat without knocking. “When did it start snowing?”
John eyed the very full glass. “Are you trying to get me drunk?”
The buttons of Sherlock’s waistcoat are all undone but the garment is still around his shoulders, flapping open at his chest to expose the expensive linen shirt beneath, the quality of the fabric so fine, it is soft as a breath against Sherlock’s skin as he squirms against the mattress, desperate to bring John’s body into contact with his.
Sherlock is pleasantly surprised that the man is amicable to Sherlock’s request. A month ago—even a week ago—Sherlock never would have dared to ask for such a thing, but he feels emboldened, more confident in these past few weeks than he has ever felt.
John felt Sherlock’s eyes on his face. He couldn’t bring himself to meet Sherlock’s gaze, to see the concern written deep in his eyes.
He hadn’t seen Sarah since the morning all the business with Moriarty had started but John found himself hanging round her flat almost constantly in his desperate attempts to get away from Sherlock. What made all of Sherlock’s angry proximity worse was that even while being irritated with him, John was still incredibly turned on, and he had no outlet to relieve his frustration since Sherlock was always around. He considered locking himself in the bathroom to achieve some semblance of privacy but that was no good. Sherlock had disabled all the locks in the flat ages ago.
John lets lose another string of expletives in answer, the movement of his hips speeding up, fingers curling in Sherlock’s hair.
The fingers of his other hand card gently through the curls at the back of Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock cries out at the delicate touch, thrusting with abandon against John’s thigh, desperate for friction, for some relief against the aching pressure in his cock.
“Oh god.” John reaches up to grasp his own forehead, his eyes staring, unseeing, past Sherlock’s shoulder in mild horror. “Oh my god, that’s why he was so flustered.”
Glancing closer at the faces of the men, it’s apparent that the high spirits of last night’s festivities are definitively at an end. There’s a palpable tension in the atmosphere that is difficult to pinpoint, but seems to hang heavy over the entire ship, like a fog.
“Thank you, John,” he says. “That would be lovely.”
“You don’t know that.” John tried to keep his tone reasonable but it still earned him another glowering look from Sherlock’s direction.
“Do you know…” John murmurs against his lips, thumbs now traveling to the edge of Sherlock’s jaw. “Do you know how I’ve dreamed of this moment? Having you here, all to myself? Taking you swimming…”
“Mind if I join you?”
John recovers himself quickly. He drops Sherlock’s gaze, and steps back from him with his hands spread wide.
“Well, that’s all right then.”
Sherlock continues thinking this as he pulls back off John’s cock with a slow suck, swirling his tongue wantonly around the tip before swallowing just the head down again, now stroking the base of John’s cock with his hand as he slides the head of John’s cock up and down his tongue at a pace that he hopes will finally carry John over into oblivion.
He can feel the palm of Stevens’ hand pressing hard against his mouth, can taste the unpleasant clamminess of someone else’s skin, the pressure of it against his teeth, and he’s about to bite down in spite of his revulsion when he wakes with a start, gasping; his forehead drenched in sweat.
He knew John Knott was a serious man, even dour at times, but the conviction with which he pronounces this prediction seems grim even for him.
He knew all this—the ramifications of his meeting with the captain earlier today had made themselves known to him, glimmering and horrible—but he was so exuberant over his victory, so delighted at the chance to see John, that he shoved the realization away; as if forgetting about it could make it untrue.
Sherlock opens his mouth to protest and then sees that John is reaching to pull the shirt off over his head.
“No, John.”
“Hello!”
Watching him now, it’s difficult for Sherlock to keep his thoughts from straying into memories that make his own clothing feel hot and too restrictive—memories of how those muscles feel under the sliding palms of his hands, the way they tense and stretch when John moves against him.
He went cautiously at first, circling the ring of flesh once before pushing gently in, but he needn’t have worried. Sherlock gave easily to the intrusion, his body worked so thoroughly open from John’s eager tongue.
Neither of them had bothered to turn on the lights, so the room was still shrouded in darkness, lit only by the incandescent gleam of the city beyond the window. Sherlock’s face was half-bathed in shadow but John could still make out the predatory gleam in his eyes as they swept the length of John’s bare body.
“You are…” John licks his lips, shakes his head and tries again. “That was… that was the most incredible sex I’ve ever had.”
He opens his eyes, and reaching up, he takes the hand that is stroking his curls and brings it to his mouth. John looks at him, questioning, but beneath the gentle question Sherlock can see the hunger in his gaze.
John’s eyes slide open again, and he studies Sherlock’s face, both hands now in Sherlock’s hair.
if he only has the patience to learn it.
Although Sherlock doesn’t have the command Mycroft has over every instrument he touches, he has had extensive training in all of the strings and a good number of the woodwind family, so he can write music for them with considerable skill. The main weight of the melody is carried by the violin but he adds a medley of other instruments to support it, to give it nuance and depth, so that it will have the necessary gravitas, but also the vibrancy of what he is struggling to express.
This time, Sherlock didn’t respond. The back doors of the ambulance were open and someone rushed forward to help lift Sherlock out of John’s arms.
The sudden stimulation is too much for Sherlock—he comes almost immediately—his hips stuttering forward against John, the rhythm of his stroking turned erratic as his orgasm overtakes him.
Sherlock released John’s cock with a reluctant pop and sat back on his heels, looking slightly dazed.
He’s clearly miserable and all Sherlock can do is think about how miserable he is and wish, pointlessly, that there was something he could do to stop it.
John is now only several yards from the side of the ship, but as far as Sherlock is concerned every inch of ocean water between John and the hull is too many. Sherlock’s mind is a litany of silent pleas as he leans forward over the railing, his stomach churning in fear. Why? Why would he do a thing so reckless?
. It’s… a disturbing reality of life at sea. Think of this ship as his kingdom, we are all his subjects. It’s an absolute monarchy, Sherlock, and I don’t—” John licks his lips, his eyes flashing bright with sudden pain. “I don’t know what I would do with myself if some harm befell you because of all this.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock said. And then, speaking very clearly, “John, I don’t think you need your gun anymore. Why don’t you just—”
The noise from the port is audible from the harbor as well, and Sherlock spends several long minutes, leaning out over the prow of the ship, listening to the distant sounds of the city: the cries of men unloading the boats by the wharf, the shouts of vendors, the barking of dogs—and underneath it all, occasionally, bright strands of music can be heard, drifting over the water—strange and vibrant and completely foreign to Sherlock.
The thought made something hot flare in John’s chest and then immediately go cold.
He lingers by the door of the mess hall at dinnertime, hoping to catch a glimpse of him on his way in, but John does not appear.
When their eyes connect, John actually gasps.
against the base of him, and John cannot be thinking—? He cannot be thinking of…
He’d been fine the first fifteen minutes or so, but they had been waiting for so
John glanced down at his erection and saw that it was flagging. The shock of the pain had taken the edge off his arousal.
It’s been a long time now since Sherlock has seen John with as little on as this out in broad daylight. It’s different down in the perpetual twilight of Sherlock’s cabin, in the strange half-light of the world below decks. He can never see all that he wants to see—it’s so clear to Sherlock that John isn’t meant to be down there in the squalid gloom. No, he’s meant to be up here, with the sunlight picking out the strands of paler gold in his sun-bleached hair, warm on the dramatic curves of his muscles, catching the sheen of sweat on his shoulders and back and making his golden brown skin seem to glow.
Thank you for continuing to be the loveliest bunch of readers anyone could ask for. This story has a long way to go yet, and I can't tell you what it means to know that you are all still in this with me!
He managed to coax the gun out of John’s hand by promising to walk the perimeter of the flat with him to ensure all the spiders had gone.
All of these factors combined push Sherlock over the edge, and his orgasm takes him by surprise, slamming into him with sudden brutal force.
Somehow in the midst of Sherlock’s hazy state of blissful half-awareness, he manages to rearrange his hands so that he’s holding John now by the hips, as much to steady himself as in an effort to support John.
Sherlock inclines his head solemnly. “I will.”
John stops himself, physically from taking a step forward into Sherlock’s space, his hand clenching compulsively against the railing as though the gesture pains him, demands all his effort, which Sherlock thinks, it might, because that is how he feels, holding himself at a distance from John.
in the man’s presence, he cannot be held responsible for what he might do or say.
It’s useless; there’s nothing for it but to wait.
It seems as though the only thing left to do now is to wait.
“Do you know what I told Sherlock before he died? Do you want to know what I called him the last time we spoke face to face? A machine. That’s what I called him. A machine. But he wasn’t, Mycroft. I got it wrong. I got the wrong Holmes brother. You’re worse than I suspected. Do you know why? Because you feel no remorse. You’re the machine.”
Sherlock turns to look back at him and sees an unreadable expression on John’s face.
He does not want to stop reading it.
“Now see here, Summersby, you’ve made the women fearful!”
The melody is still there too, fainter now, but Sherlock knows he will be able to find it when he needs it, each note seared into his mind as though by fire.
They waited in tense silence for several minutes. Dawn was just breaking over the rooftops of the buildings across the street. Sherlock kept glancing at his phone, his impatience making him bounce his leg restlessly beside John.
“John, John, John…” Sherlock strokes John’s shoulders, his thumbs trailing over the ridge of muscle in his biceps. The feel of that hard muscle under Sherlock’s hands makes him shift in John’s lap to make room for his stiffening cock. John must feel it too because the hiss of his breath against Sherlock’s mouth is as sudden, as welcome as the feel of John’s abdomen pressing back into Sherlock’s.
“I did,” Sherlock says sincerely. “I like the thought of you…” Sherlock halts, feeling suddenly self-conscious. He licks his lips again. “The thought of you leaving marks on my skin.”
For just this moment, Sherlock was the only sure thing in the world to John, the only thing that made sense, and he didn’t want to pull away for fear that this was all he got, that Sherlock might change his mind in the space it took him to catch his breath.
John must have been in the ocean today—he smells like brine, and the waves of his hair, pushed back from his forehead are stiff with salt. Sherlock drags his nose through it, inhaling deeply, as John’s open mouth slips down his throat.
A chill ripples through Sherlock at John’s words, makes a low pulse of arousal throb through the base of his cock. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock pictures each hour like a precious jewel. He imagines them piled up together, glittering—infinitely precious.
In the long and painful silence, Sherlock can hear Mr. Graves shouting orders up on deck.
Sherlock says nothing and John squeezes his hand gently. “Do you, Sherlock?”
John’s warm mouth is traveling over Sherlock’s ear.
“Sherlock…” John’s voice is gentle but matter-of-fact, as though trying to talk Sherlock back from some wild pursuit, which Sherlock realizes, is precisely what he’s doing. “What you’re suggesting—it… that’s treason. The pair of us could be hung simply for having this conversation.”
He looks up at John now, and something like awe comes over him at the look of naked desire laid bare upon John’s face. His wanting for Sherlock is as visible, as clean and sharp, as sunlight on freshly laundered sheets.
John looked down at the dark tangle of Sherlock’s wild hair, the broken curve of his body as he bent low over John’s arm, and as he felt Sherlock’s breath skipping in hot, unsteady bursts over the skin of his wrist, it struck him that even as he felt he didn’t deserve Sherlock, it just might be possible that Sherlock felt
What did John say he was going to do anyway? Something about dinner, which, in Sherlock’s opinion could hardly be more important than enjoying this magnificent tub together… After all, they only have so many hours left, Sherlock thinks, with a stab of panic. Every minute of their time together is precious, should not be wasted on needless chores.
He reached up a hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek, his own voice dropping to a whisper. “Of course, I love you. God, Sherlock—”
“Jesus it’s…
Everyone begins talking at once.
“No. John doesn’t know. He…” Sherlock drops his eyes momentarily and when his gaze returns to her face, the blue of his irises is softer than the blinding sharpness of a moment before. “He doesn’t know that I trust you.”
Sherlock’s heart is pounding in his throat. “Which crew member?”
John thought he might break apart with tenderness.
John’s eyes on him are full of real fear. “What is it? What’s the matter?”
His neck is throbbing on top of everything else and to Sherlock’s dismay, when he goes to inspect it in the mirror above his desk, he discovers that the bruises left by Stevens’ fist are impossible to ignore.
“Well then, why is it that your marks more closely resemble chicken scratch than legible calculations?”
it—he can taste John’s longing in the feeling of that sigh under his mouth.
But before he can completely banish the thought from his mind, John is pulling back again, his eyes on Sherlock’s bright with curiosity.
But Molly is frozen behind Billy, hat tugged low over her eyes, staring at her boots.
He goes to dinner just to give himself something to do.
Sherlock can feel the heat of John’s breath against the back of his hand as he lowers his mouth to it, the long drag of the ‘so’ as John stretches it out, until it sounds halfway between a prayer and a moan.
Sherlock pulls John a half step closer to him by the grip on his arms; it’s as close as he dares on the open space of the deck—and tries to communicate in the look he gives John the depth of his feeling in response to this news.
His mouth watered. He wanted to lick it off.
But just as quickly, John seems to grow self-conscious again, his smile vanishing from his lips. “Only if that pleases you, of course. To try it like that.”
