"You deserved that promotion. I had nothing to do with it." Victor said firmly.
"Plans change Matthew." Mycroft said it sternly and the man fell silent. Mycroft did a final check of everything making a woeful face at the state of the refrigerator but seeing to it that the food was properly and safely stored. "Off you go." He waved the three of them out of the flat.
"You help me but not like they're doing." He was very red now, clenching his fist. "I don't think punishment has ever... Crossed my mind." He said it softly and Greg knew he was lying, but decided to play along.
"That's not a real answer." Hamish pouted as well, crossing his arms. "I don't understand." He sighed. "It is gross but I want to understand it... I will ask Papa later. He knows
tears leaked from his eyes. He sat up, burying his head against John's chest.
"Thank you, Master." He whispered, changing his words again without thinking. To him that was what Sherlock was. The master of his heart and soul. "Oh that feels so good!" He whispered, still forcing his body to remain firmly where it was. He dug his nails into his own palms to try to keep himself from moving.
"Because..." John sat up and shook with a silent sob. "Because I was trying to reassure you, trying to support you and I was trying to tell you that I understood how you feel because I've had not one, but two addicts in my life that I have faced this with. One of whom doesn't want my help and is likely busy leading herself into financial ruin and the other whom..." He bit his tongue, aware his emotion was getting the better of him. "I do trust you; otherwise I would be gone already... I just..." He took a deep, ragged breath and clenched his fists. "Would you rather... I mean I can help you get him clean..." He swallowed hard, trying to shove the emotion down.
"I wanted to be alone with him," Victor told Sherlock who gave one flat laugh.
off his face.
"Oh lord..." Victor sighed but smiled as the plates were passed around. "Red and green pancakes? Are they poisoned?" He teased Sherlock, his gaze meeting the detectives and flashing slightly.
"Not now." Sherlock said warningly, looking down. Mycroft simply nodded.
"Sherlock, you will be the death of me. You git, you like me being guilty?" He teased, laughing slightly. Sherlock chuckled softly.
John knew but it was glaringly obvious that he did. Sherlock considered his options for a few seconds before deciding it would be best to pretend to be fine. He slowly opened his eyes, trying to affect his normal demeanor as he stared at the ceiling.
"Do you feel like we're in the middle of world war three?" Greg asked Sherlock as John and Mycroft continued to bicker. Sherlock shook his head.
"Yes but did you do things like this when you were three? No." Mycroft answered angrily, his arms still crossed as Sherlock picked paper, glue, and
"Your fiancée may not like you doing that." John whispered in his ear, making it look like he'd just been reaching for syrup for his pancakes. Alex had not only noticed the gesture but had expected it. He knew that Victor and John shared an even more tender and powerful bond than the one Victor shared with Sherlock. He had not been surprised when he saw Victor grab up his phone and stalk from their room to answer John's messages recently. He knew Victor loved him. He felt like he would not be a very supportive partner if he tried to hem Victor in and stop him from interacting with the Holmes. Instead he resolved himself to speak up when he did start feeling uncomfortable and for now to focus on Marius and Greg as Greg tended to his son.
"Oh... You're going to have trouble being quiet then..." Sherlock grinned. "On your stomach, now." He growled and retreated quickly. He dug around in the closet for something. He returned with a length of silky cloth. "Shall we muffle you before I deliver your punishment?" He was trying to think of what might muffle the noise of his smacks, when his attention fell on the CD player in their room. He smirked and turned it on, the light sounds of classical music drifting through the room. John was laying on his stomach and he chuckled when the music was turned on.
"I'll stop." He promised, his voice thick. "I promise. I don't know if I can control myself if we keep going." He looked toward the fort, swallowing hard. "I want to touch you, but not when they're so close." Mycroft grinned and kissed him hard.
Sherlock used his crutches to hobble into the bathroom. He bathed himself in private as he'd done all this time out of embarrassment for his physical state. Fully dressed, Sherlock began taming his hair and washing his face, when the other boys began filtering into the bathroom to take their own showers.
By dinner, John was expected to have left the patient room, but he was still there, playing little tunes and humming to them. Greg came in after dinner and said Jacob collected classwork for him from the classes he'd missed.
John, Sherlock thought as he let his hand grab onto the bottom of a shirt's hem. He saw John and how worried he looked. Sherlock wanted to correct John, that he had died, but a Ravenclaw came in and looked at John. John went with the girl, almost forgetting to even wave to Sherlock.
Irene knocked on the door.
"I assume the answer you want is that she misses you, but I don't talk to her," Sherlock admitted casually.
"What part of 'need' do you not understand, Gregory?" John replied harshly. He waited a moment, then quickly and heavily drove his head back into the forehead of the perfect. As the sixth-year stumbled back, a string of obscenities spilling from his throat in a growl, John quickly opened the door, "Sorry for the split lip, mate!" he shouted, then slammed it shut behind him.
"Holmes, may I ask what your infatuation with the Gryffindor behind you might be?" Snape asked, not bothering to close the space between them to make it a private matter.
"I'll be seeing you in the mess hall, John no-name," Irene said as she giggled, making John remember he'd only given her his first name.
"What are you guys talking about?" Sherlock asked, timidly walking to the table.
"Hey, I'm sorry to keep you waiting; how long were you here?" John asked, grabbing a chair to sit on as he put his books on the table.
He saw Sherlock floating motionless to the bottom of the lake. The sight made his stomach flip anxiously. John quickly swam to Sherlock, pulling on his arms to get him to the surface.
"No need, dear," She said with a smile, "I'm just glad to see you," She hugged Sherlock again.
"Hey, are you okay?" John dropped his book to quickly walk up to his distressed friend.
"It's all your damn fault," She began with a scream, however, ended the shout with a sob as she turned her face to the floor, holding onto John's defending arms as if he was the only thing she had. John didn't want to anger his sister with any more of his speaking. Harry's legs soon gave out and John followed her down to ensure her a safe landing.
"Dude, don't do that," Sebastian said gently as he slowly stood up to sit down next to John on the bed. Sebastian took John's hands and pulled them away from his face. "What happened?"
The next morning, Sebastian had classes, which he wrote on a note, which left John in the dorm alone to think about what he'd done when yesterday. John felt bad about hurting William, but sulking about it would only make the next meeting point that much more awkward. John got up and his head spun. He looked over the side of his bed to see the pale wasn't just half filled with bloody water. There was regurgitation in it, too. John understood, then, why he felt so hungry when he woke, however, he didn't want to get food.
William tilted his head down and leaned forward, pressing his forehead to John's and he sighed. He let out all of the emotion through this one action. John began to move his thumb in a stroking movement on William's cheek. William brought his hand up to lazily-or depressingly-caress John's jawline. John took in a deep breath after a minute and let his hand drop to his side. William leaned back and let his hand fall, but catch itself in the crook between John's neck and shoulder. They looked at each other fondly as William was trying his best to gather his courage, unaware that John was secretly hoping he'd be able to gather the same courage himself. John looked down at his feet and smiled. He looked up and his infectious smile caught William in its web.
"John," William muttered, going unnoticed by the blonde boy, who was still fighting in an argument that wasn't happening anymore. "I mean, this is what I wanted since I was a kid, so I'm sorry if I don't just drop everything when you come calling for me, William!" John yelled.
"Oh, he's busy right now, but he'll be back at the end f lunch to push me to physical therapy," Sherlock said with a simple shrug. Sherlock thought it was a little suspicious that Jim flinched at the next activity scheduled for Sherlock, but he quickly recovered, glancing to his sides.
"Hey, you're one of John's friends, yeah?" The boy asked. William turned around and decided to be nice as to maintain a high status with John.
"Well, it's not my fault your plan went downhill so fast," William said, buttoning his shirt up, "Look, we got an A on it, he seemed impressed, what more could you want?" He asked as he was fumbling with his tie. John bounded over to help him, much against William's struggles.
"It's my job, Will," She said with a small chuckle.
"I'm sorry, but I have to do my homework for a bit. I really hope you don't mind," John said apologetically as he opened up his books and began with his own class's work.
"Did I say errand?" Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows, "I meant shopping for information," Sherlock gave a light wink and pointed to the aisle between two bookshelves before he, himself headed to a table with a lone Ravenclaw. John walked down to the other end to peak out that side. John slickly moved to the other two bookshelves to get closer, acting as if he was looking for something, but listening in nonetheless.
They laughed. They laughed, joked, and made new inside jokes between the three of them, which William never thought he'd see the day he'd be sitting in the dirt under the bleachers late at night with two men smoking fake fags.
"Hey, John," Jacob said with a charming smile, "how was your first day of classes?" He asked.
After the librarian went over everything with John about how to use it and how it works, John scrambled back to grab the books he had on the table and walked back to the computer, where he brushed his fingers against the keys of the keyboard. John slowly typed, 'Astronomy articles,' and searched the internet for a response that he could refer to when he's writing his paper. He listed different articles on a painting which was painted in the sixteen-forties, however, many speculated it was a fake.
After a few moments of silence, when the stairs reached the correct hallway, Sherlock muttered, "That was really cool, what you did -- J-jumping, I mean," then began down the hallway. Sherlock really hoped that John couldn't see his face reddening. How embarrassing...!
"John Watson, ma'am," he said, stepping from the group of scared kids. He was ready to win those seventy-five Galleons, twelve Sickles. She motioned for him to sit on the stool. He walked up and Mrs McGonagall took the hat up to carefully place it on his head when he sat. It began moving, squirming.
"My brother's coming back soon and she wants me sober when we welcome the prick in with open arms," She snarled hatefully, "The kid's all fucked up from the war, and I don't want to deal with him!" She said, raising her voice.
" I guess I'm just feeling good today," William said, turning to offer Bill Murray one, tepidly quirking his eyebrows up to question silently.
They opened the door to the common room and stepped out. John quietly cast the illumination charm so they could see better as they stealthily made their way to the staircases.
"Will," John uttered sadly, "I have to go," John said.
Trigger warning, ig.Violence n' shit... Idk.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"You're a wizard," Sherlock said, taking the list from John.
"Uh, things are complicated," William said, taking another swig of his alcoholic beverage, "I think I like someone at school," he muttered, causing his father to practically cough up a lung.
"Why, certainly. What's the occasion?" John asked, smiling as he picked the disguised illicit drug from the fag case.
Madam Hooch had them maintain their brooms and John was caught trying to steal glances to Mary, her eyes landing on his for a brief moment, then quickly looking away. They got their brooms all lined up and they stood to the left to practise summoning them. John would've thought that everyone would've gotten it by now, but there was a number of kids who still go whacked in the face by their brooms, which John thought was incredibly funny.
John was breathing heavy as he made up his mind with a slight nod, pushing, urging Sherlock to move quickly as they ran down the ice-riddled sidewalk. John's dad sprinted after them, pushing through the scarce amount of people, regrouping after the boys pushed to get away. Whilst running, Sherlock yanked on John's jumper to pull the boy into an alleyway cloaked in darkness, were John leaned against the wall, with Sherlock chest-to-chest with him, his lungs screaming for air as he gasped and coughed. Yet, when his father's shouting voice was heard passing said alley and Sherlock hid John's noticeably blonde hair with his own, by basically burying his face in John's shoulder, John held his breath and releasing it in a high-pitched laugh when he knew his dad was far from them. John's hands gripped Sherlock's uniform jumper as he laughed, too, leaning back to shake his head.
To: The Gryffindor boy from the Daily Prophet,
John's hair was matted to his forehead and over his eyes as he desperately paddled himself to the shore. As soon as John could reach the sandy bottom of the lake, he was running to the dried beach. John laid Sherlock flat on his back and checked his breathing and heart rate,
"Your family will be very disappointed," He could vaguely hear from above himself as he blinked his eyes open.
"From you? Always," William said with a smirk.
Once the sun was set, and their blunts were inhaled to mere roaches, William decided he wanted to go inside. He threw his rolled-up blunt and stood up to go. John stood and felt an immediate head rush.
"And, you'll be changing your project, so anything you hand me of your old one will be voided!" He shouted, making William laugh sarcastically.
"Then, how...?" John trailed off, furrowing his eyebrows, as the boy cracked a smirk.
"Do you have your wand on you?" Jacob asked, jogging up the stairs to the fifth-year dormitory. He came back down tossing his jacket to John, who held up his wand. "Come on," he whispered, "we've got to get there before it starts,"
"You look utterly ridiculous, boy!" The voice was deep and rough and it made John flinch and his face paled out of shock and fear. He wasn't ready to leave, but all the same, his small family still stood in the common room of Gryffindor. "This is what you're wearing every day?!" He snorted out a laugh again, looking over at Harry and John's mum.
The next thing John knew, he, Sherlock and the other boys was brought to Madam Pomfrey to warm up and settle the shock. Madam Pomfrey once again praised John for his abilities in first aid. John stayed humble and modest by nodding, looking to the ground.
"Don't let Greg know; he may think you were up to something," Sherlock scoffed, opening the door. John sucked it up for the time being and helped Sherlock drag the man into the house and quickly to the bathroom. Finally, Mycroft let it out. John patted the man's back as he retched into the toilet.
"So, you'll be spending the night again, then?" William asked, smirking up at John unconsciously.
John and William somehow got onto a talking tangent about their lives before they met.
"What about me?" Greg asked.
"William, I'm trying to do my homework," John started,
"Well, you don't matter, John!" Sherlock snapped, his face red with frustration and his nostrils flared. John stilled. His eyes widened and he didn't really know how to react. His urge was to say something petty, like 'Now, I know why nobody likes you,' but John knew he'd regret that. He knew that Sherlock would act hostile to him. Not that he wasn't already, John's brain screamed, begging him to react in some way because it needed, craved the twisted satisfaction that the idea of revenge brought.
"How dare you!? You may not like the way you are, but that doesn't mean you can just accuse men of sleeping with your wife like that! She was very loyal to you, and very kind and caring towards you; more than you deserve!" John defended, then sighed.
"I'd like that," Sherlock said with a smile. He looked down at their hands awkwardly and Victor quickly withdrew it, laughing nervously. They spent the rest of dinner talking about less sensitive subjects, joking about, and just being friendly in general.
Sherlock stirred as he felt the other side of the bed dip to someone else's weight. "It's just me," John said. He sounded soft and considerate. "It's alright," He reassured quietly. Sherlock quietly groaned, his eyebrows furrowing.
The class went well. Sherlock paid attention and was praised for his efforts and it felt good to him. He quite fancied compliments. Sherlock decided that he liked the class, more specifically the professor.
"Watson," Madam Hooch said, trying to pull John from Sherlock, but John struggled against her, still doing the compressions to the best of his ability.
"Clara doesn't like me anymore," She said, scoffing bitterly as her shaky hands clung to the cup, needing the warmth to remind her of the coldness in the room.
"Nothing!"
You don't matter,
"There's more than one?" John looked back to see the other one, which was blocked by a shelf of books from where he was sitting. John quickly turned back and brushed a hand through his hair. "Uh, I don't know if you're allowed to, or whatever, but uh, could you tell me how to work it?" John asked, feeling like an idiot as she chuckled.
Sherlock entered his common room and unwrapped his scarf from his neck. He wasn't sure exactly why, but it felt wrong to wear it in Ravenclaw.
After he was done with his rehabilitation process, Harry gave him her number, but Sherlock didn't feel right to call her. Surely she'd forgotten about him as soon as he got out. Sherlock had gotten a listing of differently available flats for rent. He'd checked out a few, however, one had caught Sherlock's attention.
"We have a weight-room downstairs, you know?" William said, John only nodded as he started for the staircase.
"Yes, sir," John muttered dejectedly.
"Baskerville news reporting live. The shooting began not too long ago. Who is behind such a heinous crime?" The reporter said as they made their way behind a group of riot-geared officers into the school. They'd gone down the hallway to get close to the shooting area.
"Y-you can use mine," he offered, pulling out his phone. The man looked at Mike, and John could've sworn, he'd seen the man bite his lip a bit. He'd nevertheless stood up and walked slowly over to John and took the mobile he'd offered.
"Why are you smiling?" William asked as the slightest bit of anger rose up in his voice as if John was mocking him for having feelings for him.
"Huh, I didn't know that," Sherlock muttered, but before he could explain his findings to John, a marble hit the back of his head. "Ah, ow!" Sherlock groaned as he swung his hand up to rub at the pained spot.
"Sherlock, you haven't even met him..!" Lestrade whined. Sherlock mocked the DI's words in the reflection of the cab's back window,
At Dinner, Sherlock got a letter from Professor Dumbledore. He read it and sighed, looking at the Slytherin table. Victor looked concerned. "If the evidence is sufficiently supplied, we'll have to be taken it to Wizengamot and I'll have to testify as a victim of hazing," Sherlock said with a grunt, briefly looking at the Advisory table. "Everybody involved that night will be subpoenaed," He looked back at Victor, tensed.
"Yes, of course, that's all I bloody remember, John," he chuckled, unsure why John was shouting.
"Maybe at lunch," he sighed with a groan and left the classroom.
"Well, that's what friends do, They smile at their friends," John said, chuckling as he furrowed his eyebrows.
"I succumb, I'll bum a pint or two," William admitted.
"That's easy for you to say," Sherlock said with a bitter chuckle, "Congratulations, by the way," he said, digging into his pocket to pull out his bag of Galleons, "You can count your winnings; I won't mind if you took more," Sherlock plopped the sack on the table in front of John, who looked up at Sherlock.
Sherlock was left on the ground, seeing from a third person perspective as his body shook violently in seizures. John suddenly slid on his knees and begun to examine him. Sherlock's vision cut again, but he opened his eyes and saw John's face again. He was cold and sweating. Sherlock saw the sky move. Was he being dragged?
"I thought this was a partnership." Willam smiled subtly. John took the time to notice a strip of bandage on the bridge of William's nose.
"That's for Sherlock Holmes; it's urgent," John nodded before leaving in a hurry.
"Just take them off. I have to go to my dry cleaner's this Tuesday anyway. Mycroft can give them to you the next day." He said, not even looking up at John. He shrugged, thinking nothing of it, and undid his belt. His trousers fell to the floor to reveal his red pants as he stepped out of them. John picked them up and laid them flat over the back of the sofa. John then shrugged o his jacket.
A half an hour later, William heard a knock on the door, but William didn't respond as he was in the bathroom.
Then, Sherlock coughed water up into John's face. The colour beginning to return to his face as John laughed and sobbed at the same time. Applause erupted and kids let out the breaths held in their throats as John rolled Sherlock into the recovery position and pat on his back. Sherlock began sobbing loudly and John did his best to hush and comfort him. He was in a lot of pain, John figured, leaning his forehead to Sherlock's side as he sobbed, relieved that his friend was alive. Sherlock was trying to grasp onto something, anything...! John grabbed Sherlock's searching hand and held it tightly, still trying to calm himself down from the thought of possibly losing one of his best friends.
William looked at John, wanting to memorise every detail of that face, wanting to know how to make the boy smile every time. William thought, 'I hope you're safe and happy and warm right now, John,' He closed his eyes, 'because I know that I am,'
"Here," John said. Sherlock awkwardly tightened his lips and nodded as thanks, doing his best not to lose it in front of John like his body was screaming at him to do. John sensed the man was uncomfortable, so he backed up. He checked his phone, which was on the table, then sucked his teeth.
"John," William whispered,
"Oh, uh. I didn't know you smoked," Bill said, hesitantly grabbing one for himself. John gave William a look, which he returned with his own smirk.
As Sherlock reached quickly for his trousers, John quickly and carelessly ripped at his pants, making the opening bigger, for more to fit. Sherlock looked up at John with a growl and moved in closer. John instinctively wrapped his legs around Sherlock's waist as the taller man covered his mouth. John hadn't realised why, until Sherlock pulled closer, bringing John up more to penetrate him without preparation. John screamed, clutching Sherlock's shirt in fists as the tall man bent his neck down to bite at John's, sucking and licking and giving an aggressive kiss to the side of John's face, Sherlock removed his hand and used it to grip the back of his shirt.
"John," William tired, but John continued,
"Uh, okay," Sherlock said, not knowing what that had to do with anything.
"You're no brother of mine!!" The teen from the table shouted, still struggling against his mates. "You'd better hope to God I don't bloody see you in the halls, William!" He threatened with a sharp tongue.
William gathered John's clothes from his dorm and took them to the laundry room, to get them washed. As William was unbundling the laundry and tossing the articles into the school washer, some boy approached him.
"Awe, you're trying to protect me; that's sweet." John laughed as William huffed out an angry breath and stole a few chips from John's tray as revenge.
John watched in wonderment. His eyes went wide and his jaw went slack. Jacob laughed and John looked over at him. Jacob was a fairly attractive boy, taller considerably that John was with sharp green eyes and a face that even 'mommy dearest' could love. John's heart raced and his lips quirked up into an involuntary grin. He ducked his head down.
"William?" John let slip. The boy quickly lifted his head and John could see the boy's eyes widened a bit out of slight shock.
"What?" John asked, quickly looking up at his friend. Said friend groaned, rolling his eyes, looking at him.
"What happened? Are you okay?" He asked, placing his hands on John's shoulders to look at his face. He brought his hand up to feel the light burns. "Did you see Madam Pomfrey?"
"It could be three separate people who have working visas?" Harold quickly limped to the bundle of computers as John stayed in front of the board, staring at the number that, as promised, wasn't all numbers.
Yeah, his family might have disowned him, but Sherlock knew Jim would always be there for him, thick and thin, like he always had. Sherlock smiled to himself and after dinner, he caught John in the hallways to invite him.
"I can be his partner!" John said, standing up without thinking about his words.
After the case with the awful cabbie, the two stopped for Chinese, and Sherlock guessed about John's scars, most of them from when he was in college, which even still haven't cleared up.
He was going to be killed...!
John had to get out, so he grabbed his shoes and left the room, leaving William to stand there until he went after John once he realised how stupid and trivial the argument as over. John was sitting on a bleacher when it started to rain.
"No," William murmured under his breath as he weakly shook his head, matching his plea.
John didn't know any better, so he agreed. I mean, the proof was in the name, wasn't it? " What about you? Do you have any idea where you'll be sorted, or are you just as clueless as the rest of those insipid children out there?" Sherlock asked.
"John," John breathed out, catching a gasp of air, "John Watson,"
Bill Murray and William stood and talked to each other about pointless things; things that didn't matter; this didn't matter. John's clothes were done, so William stopped the conversation by grabbing folding John's clothes and leaving as if he didn't hear Bill still trying to get him to stop to finish his pointless little story. William returned t his flat and put John's clothes away in his own bureau.
"Did you see how he reacted when I mentioned Jossy?" Sherlock asked, leaning against a wall outside of Ravenclaw tower. He was smiling as he twisted his hands as if they were screwing something in, on either side of his face.
"It's not exactly 'socially acceptable,' though," Sherlock said with a quiet slur.
John had brought down the chair with some minor trouble. Sherlock wished he could help John, but unfortunately, that wasn't going to happen. Sherlock's arms were growing tired and weak, like noodles, wobbling as he used them to support his entire weight for the first time ever, and they weren't used to being used, either.
Sherlock was brought to a moment he'd never lived before. It was like an alternate universe where they were in Sherlock's dorm back in College, lying on Sherlock's bed, the both of them, each with an earbud in one ear. Sherlock's younger-self looked over and smiled at John, who smiled charmingly back. Sherlock had willed himself to hold himself back in reality, but during his 'needle-dreams,' he was the opposite. He was confident, daring, strong-willed. However, this dream was a new one. He hadn't dreamt about John since he was in the hospital after he was shot. The younger Sherlock reached his hand to caress John's cheek, which John'd leaned into. Sherlock had caressed his friend's face before. In fact, it was the last day of John's college days, when he was being shipped off into the Army. Sherlock wanted that again, only he didn't want the heartache that came with it. The young, tall boy had leaned in, his face growing alarmingly close to John's. Sherlock urged it to happen, but before it would, Sherlock felt a bolt of a startling amount of electricity to the side of his abdomen, waking him with a start.
Once again, Irene had pulled John away from Irene. They decided to hang out at Irene's dorm. Her roommate was out with a class, so they had an hour of awkwardly sitting around and doing nothing to do. That was until Irene mentioned how much her back hurt.
"Yes, William It's me. Let's sit you down." John gently led William to his bed through the mess. As William lied down, he looked at his friend and his eyes softened at the boy. "Wow, this is way deeper than just an abrasion," John winced as he lifted Willam's hand to look at the injury. "Hold it, put pressure," John said, then looked around for a cloth. John quickly opened the drawers until he reached in to pull out his 'reassurance' shirt from William's dresser.
"Oh, this is rich! What'll it be, then?" The boy shouted back, throwing his hands up only to slap them back to his sides.
"Good job out there today, John," Mike said, sitting down for his last meal in the Army.
"And, I've only ever read those police reports. I couldn't find the evidence, the excerpts that I've included in my emails are direct quotes from the news, reports, and paper articles. Please, sir, if I could just get ahold of the clothes, photos of the crime scenes, his shoes, whatever, I can guarantee I can solve the case,"
"John, who's this?" His mum asked, looking suspiciously at Sherlock,
They snickered as John quite literally had to wrap his arms around Sherlock's chest and hold him up as he used the urinal, then the same as he washed his hands. They weren't at the age where it was considered awkward yet. It was all just funny,
"I don't know exactly what Sherlock told them, okay? I was on the other side of the library," John assured, opening his bag to take out a book he'd gotten from the shelf he was lurking from. He showed her the spine of the book to give the shelf and section he'd gotten it from. He opened up the book and took out the card in the back to ensure that it had just been checked out today. "See? Two weeks before then is today," John said, closing the book up. Jossy nodded, seemingly impressed again.
"No,"
"Work on the project or something," John grumbled as he looked back at his book,
"M-mr Holmes," John stuttered as his name reminded John of William. John had thought about if they were the same person or not, but John honestly didn't want that to be so, because he may just cry, and this man doesn't deserve to see that mess.
"For God's sake...!" Sherlock mumbled, bringing his hand to his face to catch his sigh of utter annoyance. The two students looked at him.
"My brother gave it to me since he already has one of his own." He said casually.
"Sir, I, uh..." Sherlock began, genuinely anxious, "h-his tapping, sir; it's utterly infuriating," Sherlock managed, pointing a thumb over his shoulder to gesture to John, who looked up at Snape with nearly innocent eyes.
Dinner went nice. It was fun and Mycroft got completely shit-faced, so it wasn't a total loss of time. All in all, it was actually a pretty good night. As they were heading back to Mycroft's place to put him to bed, Sherlock drove, and they were talking about his addiction.
You don't matter,
"The man who will 'help you,' break the Hudson drug ring. Now, shut up and let me do your work," Sherlock said.
"Oh, that's lovely, dear," She said, lovingly as she gently pushed Mycroft from the room and closed it to add the otherly privacy that she thought her son needed. She sat on the bed. "Who is it?" She asked sweetly.
"Excuses are the nails, Mr Watson," he said as a warning. Sherlock silently scoffed from his seat. He felt something in his chest that was almost akin to pride. He knew that saying,
After the lecture, John walked Irene to her next class, since he didn't have another until two hours after.
"Hmm, that shouldn't be a problem with me. I mean, as long as-" John was going to remark, however, William cut his words off with his own,
"I'd just keep your distance for now, if I were you, Sherl," Jim said, tightening his lips. "There are some recently nasty rumours about what he'd do if given the chance," Jim looked around and saw that the halls were mainly emptied. "I've got to get to Flying class; I'll send an owl tonight," Jim called, beginning towards the opposite direction to where Sherlock was headed.
But, John, no.
Thankfully, because the Hospital wing was on the first floor, they didn't have to figure out how to pull Sherlock up a flight of moving stairs. John was actually very bloody thankful!
"Had what I said to you really had an effect on you, John?" Sherlock asked John stopped for a moment, then nodded.
"I finished it," William muttered out of boredom, rolling his eyes, yet he didn't think John was paying him any mind. He only nodded and hummed in response. William sighed and studied John from a reasonable distance.
"Oh, no. We've been getting spammed recently and we don't need another 'Carl Powers' solver,' kid," The officer said with an ironic chuckle.
Then, as John stepped into the shower and turned the water on, he felt his mind slip to the boy he'd partnered up with. As his hands traced over the skin of his neck and shoulder, John closed his eyes. His hands carefully slid down his arms as he thought of William's peculiar way of dressing in the most extreme formal attire John'd ever seen on a boy his age. John chuckled at the thought as he washed over his under-arms and upper-chest. John'd moved on to his lower-chest and upper-abdomen as he thought of William's hair. It looked so soft and so bouncy. John wanted to see if that boy's curls were even more active if he ran. John wondered how they felt. Were they soft? Was it silky smooth, or was it more of a fluffy feel? If John got his hands tangled in them, would each curl hug each of John's fingers like that jumper his mum made him pack? John let his hands trek lower as he thought of the boy's facial features.
"I'll give him a dose of morphine,"
"I'm guessing you're not made aware whet an 'IP address' is, Sir," Sherlock said, ducking his head in embarrassment.
"Hey, you okay?" The perfect asked, looking concerned at the paled first-year.
William found it especially difficult to accept when he saw John gave up, sitting in with the Jocks like himself and not wasting his time sitting and waiting for William to return to him. He also found it remarkably difficult not to think about John and how much happier he seemed to be without William there to alienate him from the crowd. William found it difficult to sleep on nights where he'd think about it. John hadn't tried especially hard to reach out to the boy.
Sherlock looked at John again, who looked through his short blonde locks to lock eyes with Sherlock. "Boy, what's taking so long?!" A voice thundered from across the street. John sighed as the loud man's shouting continued. "Hey, get back over here, John!" The man sounded panicked. John closed his eyes tightly, sighing again,
"John," William greeted under the bleachers as John was talking and loitering with Bill Murray from his JROTC class, "Fag?" He asked, pulling the case where he put the tubes in.
"Hey, you're Watson's old friend, yeah?" They asked, their hood up, looking oh so suspicious. William nodded cautiously as the boy reached into his rucksack.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John left for his classes, which were Maths, Medicinal Science, then A.P. Biology. John told William to meet him in the Library at noon. William noticed John'd left his coat from yesterday on the back of his door.
"You wanna try the rest?" William offered. John had to pull himself up to a sitting position.
John's broom must've drunk Monster or something because it zoomed. He could briefly hear Madam Hooch shouting for John to get down, but how could he? His head was bobbling and he could briefly make out the sounds of kids' laughter from the ground. He was getting little blackouts because his head was shaking, crushing his occipital lobe to the back of his skull as the broom whipped him every-which-way. John eventually trusted the broom was low enough to let go, which was definitely misplaced judgement, to say the least.
"What you get for puking on my lap," John bitterly muttered as he gave a chuckle. John left the door ajar and went to the kitchen, where Sherlock was making coffee.
"Shine those shoes, Watson! You're an army doctor, not a star-gazer!" His sergeant shouted as he'd been walking up and down the lines to examine the progress, and of course, Watson was always star-gazing, or dozing off, or falling asleep in lectures. John blamed it all on William subconsciously. If it weren't for him, John wouldn't have this problem.
"It doesn't concern you, first-year," Reese said smoothly. Sherlock pulled a chair our nonetheless, making them sigh and look at one another.
"Yeah, well... I was an officer once, too, so..." John huffed a frustrated sigh out as he ran his free hand through his hair, his head turning to hide his flushed expression
"C-come near me," John's voice was shaking, "and, I'll call the cops," He hung up, swallowing hard.
"W-what do you mean, 'he left'?" Sherlock asked, his voice nothing more than a choked whisper, but he didn't exactly let the knock tell him as he turned and quickly limped to the base of the Gryffindor staircase. Sherlock reached the bottom and banged on the door. He was frantic. As soon as someone cracked the door open to answer, Sherlock burst in, defying all verbal attempts to kick him out.
"Shit!" Jacob panted from where he hid from the hut's sight. John was panting beside him, his lungs burning with the chill of the air. Jacob looked at John and they began running again. They stayed close and followed a strict path. There was yelling and laughing coming from a while ahead. John knew they were close. Jacob told him to extinguish the wand and John hadn't known how exactly to do that.
"Here, take off your robe," Victor said. Sherlock did as he was advised, letting his black and blue robe fall to the floor. Sherlock sat on a pillow and Victor joined across on the opposite pillow. Sherlock's back arched in a stretch. "So, how was Transfigurations?" Victor asked, seemingly casual about the question. Sherlock blushed,
"Uh, I'm hungry," Bill said, putting a hand over his stomach. Bill checked his watch, then sucked through his teeth, "ugh, the cafe's closed," He swore.
"Why're you two in my office?" The dean asked.
As John and William were walking out, William turned to John and asked, "What's the H. for?"
"It does concern me if it's in Central London," Sherlock nodded.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Bit different from my day," and even though it was supposed to only be a glance, Sherlock did a double take as he instantly recognised that voice. Sherlock's hand stopped in its tracks and he accidentally dropped his pencil to the ground, causing Mike to furrow his eyebrows in confusion. Sherlock took in a breath and held it in as the man looked at him.
"Oh Lord, you're trying to torture me." Alex chuckled but he pulled away when he heard the door opening and Hamish and Marius came running out of the door.
"I have... But only because I thought it would be something you might want." He confessed. "If you don't want to, then we don't have to. But I would be lying if I said I wasn't curious."
"I was wondering if I could maybe have some tea. I feel like I could stomach it after the shower." He made his way to the kitchen not wanting to look at John and Sherlock for long.  John kissed Sherlock's forehead and stood. John's face easily betrayed his concern as he moved and Sherlock found that familiar ache of love strengthening again in his chest.
"Sher...lock?" John asked softly, his throat too dry to let him speak loud enough for Sherlock to hear him.
"I doubt Greg has any desire to watch what you two get up to. I've been told it's rather... Ill disciplined." Mycroft smirked but he was surprised when John just barely turned pink.
"Daddy, can we go home soon?" Hamish asked quietly, resting his head on John's. "I'm sorry if I upset Uncles." He wanted to stop the men from fighting.
. It's an instinct, like breathing or blinking. I do it without thinking. It simply occurs. But when I'm high, that all goes away. I can just relax and not think about anything or deduce my feelings." He bit his lip when the last part came out.  Did he really just admit that out loud?
"Tomorrow, I need you to leave." He hated the look that crossed John's face and he shook his head. "Just for a little while. Just go to the store or something. Please, you can't ask me why. You just have to trust me." He begged now gripping John's hands tightly. John slowly let his breath out, suddenly aware he'd been holding it, searching Sherlock's face. "Please, You have to." John was scared by the look on Sherlock's face. He
"I'm not concerned about your behavior or dress, Greg." Mycroft sighed and took off his jacket. "I am worried about the greatest Detective Inspector, my husband, who has been so shaken to his core. Why is that? Is it the case? Is it him? The girls? What has changed you so?" Greg sighed, curling up in the bed, pulling the covers over him while his mind began to throb with what might be an oncoming headache. The answer was all of it, though he was hesitant to mention that to Mycroft. He felt the weight of Mycroft's demand for an answer and heaved a sigh.
"I wish I didn't have to give this up." He whispered, clenching his eyes shut. "Sometimes when he is in case mode this was the only thing that kept me sane. When he would shout at and berate me because I needed him to show me even a little affection but he was so gone in his mind... There you were..." He blushed and kissed Victor's forehead before nuzzling his head against his hair. They were effectively curled into a Victor and John ball.
to leave, to go far away and never come back. If he left first he could pretend that John had stayed. He would go and stay gone. He didn't deserve to come back. He had disappointed John, upset him, maybe even hurt him judging by the emotion crawling across the normally calm man's face. He should never have come back. He'd promised to never hurt him like this again, to never lie and he’d betrayed that trust. He tried to solidify his mind as he stumbled into the living room and grabbed his jacket and scarf off his chair. However just as he moved to pull them on he was slammed into the wall by what felt like a solid mass of anger. "Get off me, John!" He shouted angrily. "Let me go!" He struggled but could not move.
"I promise to try to remember to slow down for you." He assured his soon to be husband. "Now, I think I should tell you why I brought you in here." He began, his heart suddenly pounding with nervousness. He took a deep breath and revealed his ring box. He looked at John, trying to study his reaction. He felt relieved once he smiled and Sherlock handed him the ring box and kissed his cheek. "Open it." He whispered and when John did as he was told, the gasp that came from him made Sherlock giggle. "It's gold. I thought gold would look better on you than silver. But what's really special is what's on the inside." He took the ring out of the box and placed it on John's finger. "The longer you leave it on, the word, 'Always' will be imprinted on your finger." He kissed his cheek again, some tears of actual joy coming to his eyes. "Do you like it? Did I make the right choice?" John laughed with joy and kissed Sherlock. It was clever and perfect and totally him.
"Do you like it?" He asked, meaning the phone. He had planned on buying John a very nice phone and was rather upset that Mycroft had beaten him to it.
"Oh my John, you look so handsome." He breathed. "You look absolutely gorgeous in these." He looked at each picture in turn, analyzing it and gathering information. John had never let him look at this album before.
"The case is one right up your alley, Sherlock." Greg picked up the file. Sherlock took it and flipped through. John groaned.
"A sleep over?" Victor asked, quirking an eyebrow. "Only the weirdest sleepover I've ever been to." Victor said softly and sighed as he slipped in on the opposite side of Sherlock from John. He lay flat on his back, not wanting to do anything to make either of them uncomfortable.
. Even though he felt like his body was finally cooling down Sherlock couldn't enjoy the sensation because of the guilt clawing at his chest. He'd never felt guilt like this before, the closest had been the guilt at leaving John alone for so long after St. Bart's but that was to protect him, to keep him safe. This was supposed to be the same thing, why did it feel so different? He grimaced and hugged John tighter, drawing a look of surprise from John. The hug was clearly protective as if he was shielding John. Which in his mind he was, he was just trying to protect him from Victor.
you or your mouth..." He panted, his hand tightening so his nails dug into Greg's shoulder as he moaned again. Greg gaped at him for a moment, this was torture. Amazing wonderful torture. He was determined to behave this time but knew he could not do it if he kept watching how Mycroft was stroking himself. He shut his eyes tight and bit his lip starting to pump his hand over his own cock. He could hear Mycroft moaning, his voice deep and almost growling, and it desperately made him want to just sit there and watch as Mycroft gave himself pleasure. He shook his head slightly, resigning himself to his task. If he watched Mycroft he would get carried away and he certainly would not be able to stop the sounds that were already trying to escape him. He wanted Mycroft inside him and he
"He gave me one too." Greg said softly as he came into the room behind Mycroft, closing the door behind him. "Thought it would be best considering you started your habit again." Sherlock groaned and rolled his eyes.
"Don't know." He frowned, hugging his rabbit close as Greg scooped him up.
"You are forgiven. Now I heard something about a fort?" He hugged Hamish very tightly. Hamish furrowed his brow a bit, he only hugged him so tightly when he had been on a bad case.
"Y-yea." He called out, his voice shaking. He hastily fumbled for his shampoo dropping it with a loud clang against the tub. He cursed softly before he picked it up and poured some out into his hand. His skin was very pink, too much longer he might have burned himself. He sighed softly. "Sorry, be right out." He called again. When John heard the crash he frowned. Something was definitely wrong with Sherlock but he didn't know how in the world he could do to convince him everything was okay.
"Both? Maybe." John shrugged but smirked. "I am just explaining things. Too often you try to have Sherlock get his hands dirty on things you already have the answer to. Mostly because it lets you see what he is doing. But that's not necessary because you already know what he is doing because our flat is bugged. Consequently, you may want to delete most of the footage from last night." John grinned.
"Where are the drugs?" Mycroft demanded. John looked torn, giving them to Mycroft would get them out of the flat but it would also pull Mycroft and Lestrade into further involvement. As soon as Mycroft asked Sherlock gave a long sigh, he knew exactly where they were because he'd found them this morning. Yes, he'd gone looking for them but he hadn't used them. He was considering using them because of the pain he was in but just as the thought formed in his mind he remembered John. His doctor would take care of him.
"Darling, it's just pretending." Greg chuckled but Marius shook his head.
"John, you can tell me anything. I promise I won't do anything rash." He rubbed John's knee, trying to be comforting but lacking in any idea about how to properly provide comfort in the moment. He wanted to try though. In fact it was almost a desperate need to comfort the wounded soldier before him. He knew that he was the one hurting him and he wanted to fix that. He wanted to help him.
"You do matter." He whispered, his shoulders sagging some. "You've always mattered. Others see it too, but they don't... I don't know what they don't." He laughed softly but a tear fell. "I had no one and nothing. It's hard for me Sherlock, Harry walked away from my help. I'm terrified you will too." He let the words fall into the open, though he was ashamed for them. "I don't want to live without you and I'm stupidly jealous of Victor. It's like fire in my veins. It makes me want to mark you all over like an animal so everyone, bloody everyone, knows you Sherlock Homes, are mine. I've never felt this way before. I feel like an idiot." He ran his hand over his face, his shoulders slowly relaxing more.
"Papa?" He asked quietly but Sherlock just shook his head.
"I don't want Greg to see that." He muttered with disgust. "It is hard, but I'm sure I can repress myself for a little while for us to eat lunch like normal
"Uncle Victor?" Hamish asked, coming to rest at their feet and looking up at them with his very best, very perfect impression of Sherlock's cold, steely gaze.
"I will, thank you. There should be a Christmas tree delivery sometime shortly." She nodded and went back downstairs. Mycroft continued his texts, focused on the screen as he did. His phone lit up in his hand, vibrating as a call came in. "Anthea,
"Yes." He admitted, blushing a bit more. "I thought about this, about the three of us... And I thought about just him and I." He groaned, pushing slowly in and out of Victor. "I would imagine him sneaking in when you were at the lab and fucking me senseless. Sometimes you would find us and punish us..." He started moving a bit more, grunting. "Oh God this is... Sherlock please..." He whimpered before kissing Victor hard. "I meant it when I said I want you two to use me. Please..." Sherlock couldn't take anymore, sitting by and watching wasn't satisfying his desires. He wanted to see John come completely apart, to watch Victor dissolve. He moved behind John and started to kiss down his back.
"Now what, Monsieur?" He asked, feeling embarrassed by how hard he already was.
"I am sure that your brother won't, but as I said earlier fuck him." John smirked as he cuddled closer to Sherlock. "Greg will get over it. Really at the end of the day he is only worried about you. He wants you happy. You know..." John smiled as he remembered. "That first night after you got in the cab he told me you were a great man. He really relies on you and that's why he was ready to jump to action just like I was when Mycroft showed us what he thought was going on. I'm a doctor - if I stay here with you and treat you then this stays private so Lestrade doesn't lose his consulting detective. Mycroft keeps his image a bit cleaner, and if we're very lucky we will get some peace from the world for a bit. I've never cared what either of them thought and I'm not about to start now." He gently rubbed Sherlock's back. "I will be right here. You can sleep and I promise that I will be here when you wake up."
"Aw, why thank you, John." He whispered honestly meaning it, he lay back against the pillows, his body splayed out in front of John. He brought a hand down to his own hard length and began stroking it with a sly smile. His eyes completely focused on John's as he let his reactions to his own touch show on his face. "Your orders are to stand there and watch, Captain Watson." He said in a low voice, almost growling the words. He winked, a smirk playing at the corner of his mouth as he knew this would drive John mad with desire.
"Oh John..." He whispered breathlessly. "Tell me more... Tell me what you are feeling... I... I need to hear it." He shuddered as another moan escaped him.
"That's good, but just a bit dull." He told him with a shrug. John had picked bland food, that meant he was not able to stomach the usually strong flavors he preferred. That deducting hummed in his brain but was chased away but a sudden boldness. "Do you want to try mine?" He asked with a smile. John's eyes met Sherlock's and he was absolutely floored by the statement. Greg couldn't entirely understand the emotion that was written so clearly on John's face, but he smirked as he watched the two of them forget once again that other people were around. Sherlock had never let John eat off his plate before, there were many reasons but the chief one was that he was incredibly possessive over things he decided belonged to him though he did not respect that sort of behavior in others. Now though a new feeling rolled through him and he felt everything that was his now also belonged to John.
"Can I have pepmint in mine?" He asked nervously. "Mummy put pepmint in mine."  John nodded quickly.
"I never said sexually." John teased, enjoying the ease of the moment. He wondered briefly if Sherlock was acting so comfortable in an effort to ease away the tension of the looming danger. But he just let it be, because he was desperate to have peace between them if only for a moment. "I think you just like me naked and writhing under you." He quirked an eyebrow as Sherlock giggled, "Though I guess I was thinking it, so your statement is technically still correct." He winked. Sherlock honestly wasn't thinking about Victor coming over tomorrow. His body was relaxed and at ease because the looming danger was far from his mind. When the danger was brought back to his mind he would be tense and filled with worry but for now that was all so far away. For now he was content, enjoying the easy moment of him and John simply being together and eating lunch. It was a simple ordinary moment but he loved it, though he would never admit it out loud.
"If he wants to learn starting him off young is a huge benefit." John said with an eager smile. It would be absolutely adorable to see Hamish with a little violin trying to learn how to play like Sherlock. "If he starts now, I bet he will be able to play almost as well as you by the age of ten." He added, hoping the challenge of it all would make Sherlock more keen to the idea.
"Did I give you permission to kiss me?" He growled waiting until Greg whimpered that he had not been giving permission. "On your knees,
"I didn't intend to torture him." Greg whispered, his cheeks flushed with embarrassment and shame. "I didn't know it would eat away at him like that."
“I'm sorry, I won't lie again. But in my defense I didn't know I was lying in the first place. I was lying to myself too, Sherlock. I thought it would be easier that way." He continued to run his hands up and down Sherlock's smooth back; it was what he did to comfort his husband. That or run his fingers through his hair but he was really too weak to even move his arms any higher than where they were resting. "I'm okay. In this moment. I am truly and blissfully happy."
"I just feel bad for all the people who went to heaven because of me." Greg said quietly, watching as Marius turned his head looking at Greg curiously as if that didn't make any sense. Giving him another very Mycroft like look.
"I am
John sighed softly and moved into the bedroom, he got a pillow for Sherlock and a blanket though he was quite sure Sherlock didn't need it. He retrieved the Dramamine and set it near the medical kit before checking through to make sure he had everything he could think of available - the flu medicines, Dramamine, anti-nausea medication, the detox medications, all of it. He took the used syringe and put it in Sherlock's sharps container in the kitchen before making a pitcher of ice water and setting it on the table between the two men. He was absolutely certain of one thing, he had no idea what he should do next. So he thought -
"It's alright for you to be afraid, Sherlock. It just... You don't do it that often, so when you are afraid that's when I know it's really bad." He reached up and ran his fingers over Sherlock's cheek. "And caring for him is pretty deep for you. He had power over you," John was whispering even though there was no real reason to do so in their little fort. "He still does. I'm sure that's part of what made it hard to feel things for me. To give me power over you." There was awe in his voice again, as he realized again how much each tiny moment with Sherlock really meant. What Sherlock wad telling him with each action. "I won't let him hurt you anymore." Sherlock gazed into John's eyes, unsure how what sort of power brought John to him. John was slowly giving him reason to believe there was purpose to the universe that might be beyond logical order.
"Look what I did... It was wrong. I shouldn't have expected you to be able to handle it all so easily." John shook his head as he put the bowl of soup in the microwave,
"Okay love." John whispered already half asleep.
"Can you sit up some for me love?" He set it down and moved to help Sherlock. "Is the Dramamine helping at all?" Sherlock couldn't help but wonder how much worse this was going to get. He already felt like shit as it was and he knew for a fact it would only get worse. He just wondered how. Detoxing was always different for him. When John entered the room with the soup, he tried to make his shivering stop but he simply couldn't. John had the vial again and syringe, he gave Sherlock another dose of the medicine and it took some of the pain away from the edges of Sherlock's perception. He was confused but couldn't focus enough to ask.
"I'm fine." He snapped, but was saved from further retorts as Greg spoke up.
. Typical them. And something like this wasn't knew, they had always done this. From the beginning they had always gone through extremes to make sure the other was okay. For example, after the incident where Moriarty strapped a bomb to John... Sherlock took him home and would not stop hovering over him, trying to care of him despite the fact that he himself was shaking with fear because he had almost lost John.
"I enjoy torturing you when you deserve it." He grunted and sped up, bringing John close to the edge again before completely stopping. He groaned as John clenched and whimpered before repeating the same process twice and then moving slowly again. "And you so deserve it."
"Sh, love. Just sleep." He whispered and once he finally felt John relax, he let out a soft sigh of relief and smiled slightly.
"Are Marius and Hamish still downstairs?" Greg asked Victor as he moved to sit next to Mycroft at the table.
"It will hurt. Even when I sit down." John said with a yawn he was already close to being asleep. "You'll have to let me sit in your lap all day." He suggested and before he could hear Sherlock's mumbled reply, he slipped off to sleep, holding him tightly and already starting to snore. Sherlock dropped easily off to sleep exactly as he lay, his body desperate for the sweet pleasure of rest. One arm tightly wrapped around John.
"No, it's fine. I've got it."  He mumbled and Greg frowned, it was about time he apologized.
"I'll read you the book later, 'Mish." John promised his son, kissing the top of his head. "If Papa isn't a princess do you think he's grumpy enough to be a dragon?" He whispered to Hamish very dramatically so Sherlock could hear.
"You don't have to beg anymore, John." Sherlock murmured around his mouth. He moved just slightly and slid back into him. "I'm yours. I'll give you what you want." He moaned as he started to move his hips again, his fingernails digging back into John's hips as he fucked him.
Hello darlings! This is more of a compliment to the last chapter than it's own stand alone but it is beautiful and should be shared! We have been considering going back and writing a version of Save Him (the first story in this series) that focuses on Mystrade but have not made a definite decision on it yet. If you'd be interested, let us know! ~Holly
"You didn't even give me a chance to try." John forced out and there were definitely still tears in his voice. Sherlock pried his face out of the couch cushions to look over at John, groaning slightly as he did. The fact that there were
"Sherlock you have no room to scold him." John smirked. He went in the kitchen and made some toast and tea which he set on the table where Victor could reach it. "The bread might settle your stomach some. It might not. In about forty five minutes I can give you something for the nausea." He found another container for Sherlock watching both of them carefully. He was aware of his own body but he was in full doctor mode. He was also watching both of them carefully, observing every move they made. "If you decide you want to try something else Victor we have some other food I can make you. Sherlock, how is the heat?" He checked the ice pack. Victor wasn't showing it, but he was watching John move. First it was skepticism and fear but it was quickly changing into something else, into respect. This man was selfless.
"Stop being such a fucking a tease, Sherlock." He growled. "I can't take it. You have no idea what you do to me. How long I have gone without your touch. You can't tease me with little touches like that. That's just cruel." Without warning he sunk down onto Sherlock's length with a moan. He released his grip on his hair and brought his hands to his chest where he dung his nails in. "Fuck," he gasped as he felt himself being stretched. "I am going to take what I need, Sherlock. I need this. You have no idea how badly I need this but if you try to tease me again I'll tie your hands up." He warned as he started to rock his hips on top of his husband.
"John, I'd just like to point out you can turn him into a whimpering fool if you don't like me sitting all the way over here
"Sure, of course. We'll even go look at some Christmas lights." John promised Hamish, ruffling his hair.
"Then we'll do this as much as you like." He assured him. Victor smiled lovingly at Sherlock, running his hand through his hair.
"Partner." Mycroft said softly. John smirked as Greg smiled suddenly feeling a bit shy as Mycroft called him his partner. He had never done that before. Not in front of anyone and it made his heart swell.
"How are you feeling?" He asked softly, settling back down. "Victor will need this too. Mycroft brought me more when he brought lunch so we have what we need. If... If he starts it as soon as he gets here the withdrawal should be easier.." John was dropping in and out of sleep, trying to force himself beyond the wall of exhaustion and failing.
"Hamish Watson-Holmes?" John asked incredulously. "Sherlock..."
Sherlock watched the pain that fluttered across Victor's face as he pictured what John must have looked like on the landing all night. He saw him start to get up and stop himself, an action Sherlock took to mean he intended to somehow comfort John. Sherlock wondered for a moment about that, listening to the soft sound of John breathing as silence fell and Victor replied to his message.
"Oh, won't you remind me once more; I don't think I heard you," William snarled from under his covers.
Sherlock kept thinking about things hed say when and if he saw John again. He'd feel angry for letting him face Sebastian on his own. He'd be breathless out of shock. He'd laugh out of the irony. He'd probably start crying out of all of the things they'd left unsaid. Everything they'd left undone. They would be there, at that moment, together, just the two of them. In a world where the world wouldn't matter.
"Sherlock, but this doesn't mean we're automatically friends," the boy said with a posh smirk as he reached out to contribute to the shake of hands.
"Hey," She shouted, "What are you two doing out here?" Madam Hooch asked. She jogged out to meet them but stopped as soon as she saw the luggage they carried as he shook violently even still. She looked up at them and quickly drew her wand, only for Hagrid to stand in front of them.
"Really? I can't steady my hands when I cast the spells," John said, sighing.
John made it halfway down the hall before the door was opened and Greg was making his angered way up the spiral staircase. John briefly twisted himself around to look at the livid student as he made for the stairs. John was on the base of the stairs.
"John, I don't want to get into trouble, so please don't mention me by name," Sherlock requested. John smiled and agreed,
"Holy shit, dude!? What happened?" He asked a bit too loud, and John flinched massively as he shouted,
He put his face in his hands, then looked down. "Oh, God," He muttered, finally noticing what he'd bloody done to his pants out of sudden desperation. "Oooh, my God," John groaned as he hopped off of the counter. He looked back and groaned as he saw a small puddle of cum on the countertop. Sherlock's cum, most likely. John felt like he had the sickening urge to both lick it up to taste it and throw up in the bathroom. It was free now, after all. He reached down to feel that Sherlock's cum was still leaking from him. Then, there was a spark of pure awareness.
John thanked Hagrid once they arrived with the first-years with a smile. As they headed up the long case of stone stairs, some kids asked if Hagrid was nice or not. As the group entered, John looked over the group. He caught Sherlock trying to look at someone up front with John, but as soon as they saw each other, Sherlock ducked his head quickly. John shrugged it off and looked forward again as an older woman walked up to the group of young students.
"C'mon, John, let us go," Sherlock said, rolling himself near the door. "John, can you open the door for me?" Sherlock asked. John stood and had a brief talk to Madam Pomfrey, who advised John to let him have his way for now. John walked up behind Sherlock's chair and hooked something to the handles. Pomfrey opened the door and let them exit with a smile.
"he?" She asked, obviously surprised, quickly leaning away from the boy, practically slamming herself to the back of her chair. William realised what he'd said and his eyes widened.
She hummed as if thinking for a moment, giving her lower lip a little nibble, "You have talent, John," She complimented, "One thing's for sure: You are definitely not a Ravenclaw!" She laughed, "The hat did good, placing you here," she smiled.
"I'm Harry," A woman said as she sat, her arms crossed, looking cross with everyone as she glared at everyone around the room, "I'm an alcoholic, and my wife is a bitch and sent me here,"
"Do you know who you are, dear?" She asked.
"Hey," John greeted with a smile. Almost immediately, Victor wrapped his arms around John's shoulders. Sherlock chuckled some.
"I think I really needed this, you know? It's just, the drama of our lives has caused us to end the day with a mixture of exhausted limbs and a restless mind, not yet satisfied with the events because we believe what the teachers in primary school taught us when they say, 'You can do anything,' and our minds want to do more, but we're limited to a system that knows more about us than we do by the age of nine. Yet, when we actually try to do something with ourselves it's hard because the government says we need this currency that we're letting define us, we're killing others of our own kind, to have more currency. Look at bank robberies with casualties, gang wars, drug smuggling business. Others do it so they can openly be free about who they believe in and how they believe in who they do. Like, everyone needs to just chill the fuck out, man!" John ranted as William sat and listened, and nodded,
"John," William said, sounding weak and feeble and his face was pale and cold like he was about to pass out or something.
A while later, there was a knock at the door and John's practise of rifts stopped for the door to open peacefully. It was a boy John hadn't seen before. "William, get your robe on; we'll be arriving soon," his voice was a little harsh as he leaned his upper body into the cabin. John wasn't as surprised as he saw the green outlines on his own robe.
"What are you here for, mummy?" He asked, looking around briefly for Mycroft.
"You get back for Raider's, I know, John. So, is that a yes, then?" William asked, baring a nervous face.
"What- I-uh, that's not true!" John objected angrily. Sherlock stood quickly, closing his book quickly.
"Well, I certainly don't top the total pole, though, don't I?"
"I-uh-was thinking of home is all, Sir." came the rushed and over-anxious answer spilt from John's mouth.
"Well, you're my friend, too, William."
Just then, the bathroom door slid open and Mycroft stumbled out. He mumbled a goodnight, then struggled to his room, to plop heavily onto his bed. Sherlock was quietly riding out his orgasm, and John stilled, realising what he was really doing in a shocked breath. Sherlock groaned as he pulled out, redoing his trousers. He walked casually out of the kitchen. He flipped his Belstaff over his shoulder and lit a cigarette as he just walked out of the house. Just like that. John was still on the counter.
"Yes, and who're you, then?" William asked.
Something happened that night. Something bad had happened to John and after that, he'd become increasingly more conscious over himself. He wore jackets and long pants even in the house, especially in the house, he only showered after school hours but before the kids in rugby and football came in for theirs. He'd rearranged his entire daily schedule because of his father and he hated it because he'd realized that in doing that, he was letting his dad win.
There the three smoked, and Bill began to question the content of the fag tube, "Hey, guys," Bill said, "I'm feeling a bit dizzy; is this normal?" He asked, blinking.
John rode the tube home. Patrons on the tube stared awkwardly at him and whispered and murmured to one another, glancing at John, who had vomit on his trousers, cum splashed at the bottom of his shirt, and tousled hair. He felt totally ashamed of himself by the time he'd gotten home. John stripped down and got into the shower, feeling ribald.
William heard yelling from the dorm room. It was mainly Sebastian who was shouting, William only heard John raise his voice a few times within the argument, which ended with John walking out of the room, face red with anger as he looked as though he wanted to punch something.
"Who asked, you, Myc?"
After most of the kids had filtered through the doors and kids with detention lingered needlessly, John decided to start heading to Dumbledore's office. He collected the letters and envelopes and walked with Mary to the West Towers. As he said goodbye to Mary, John saw Sherlock on his crutches, standing next to Victor, talking to him. John decided to say his hellos.
"John, you can't leave," William said, "you-you can't just leave like this," He said, pacing in front of the blonde boy.
It was true that John was an aspiring doctor, however, he wasn't accepted to the academy for his extensive knowledge of medicinal sciences. He was accepted for his deceiving physical records. Despite his short stature, John was a powerhouse, who was indeed also growing fond of the idea of going overseas to possibly be a soldier of some sorts. The problem was, John got frightened of the pressure he would be put under if he were on the front lines with the other forces.
"It was good, except for the explosion in potions class," John chuckled. Jacob's eyes widened in worry.
"I'll get the softest one," He assured with a quick nod, glancing down at Sherlock as the convulsions started up once more. Jacob slowly walked up to John, looking down at the boy, who wretched up slugs. John bent down to throw them away from the jacket.
"That's all you remember?!" He asked, sounding at a loss. Sherlock tilted his head,
"And, the vague description reminded you of that entire encyclopedia, did it?" Reese joked, clearly not believing Sherlock's facts.
"What time is it?" He asked.
"Look, I-I said I'm sorry, Ok--?!" Sherlock was shoved into the snow before he could finish. The boys laughed as Sherlock grunted. He tried to stand again, but his legs kept giving up.
"I have, and he's still a smartarse...!" John quickly said. Sherlock let out a sarcastically offended gasp as he did his best to support all of his weight on his right crutch as he lifted the left to swing it at John, lightly hitting it against his leg. John grunted, then laughed. He helped Sherlock enter the room and sit in his usual seat. Professor Flitwick's face lit up with excitement.
I kind of love soft Sherlock???
"Ah, friends in high places, Jossy, I suppose," John gave with a chuckle, pointing over to the wall.
He sighed as he walked into potions class with the professor, who just so happened to be the head of Slytherin house, where he was supposed to go...!
"Aw, but mum's still refusing to buy one and send it to me from one of the shoppes, Cart...!" Billy whined. Cart might have been happy with the response because she'd begun to turn around, but Billy just had to add, "You might wanna clean it, yeah? Has a bit of sleeping draught," She turned, whipped around and before John could tell, he was tossing his bag to the ground and getting in the middle of it, pushing Cart off of Billy, getting a few scratches from her nails in on his arm before they finally realised that a first-year had intervened. John's hands pushed Cart off of the sofa and she decided she'd take John down with her.
One day, two weeks after John had removed the stitches, William went to the infirmary to see what his symptoms really were. "What're you here for, hun?" She asked and as William signed in, he thought about what it could be diagnosed as.
John snapped. He ran after William and tackled him. John rolled the taller boy over and, as he straddled the other, John swung a right-hook to William's nose, then pulled his hair to bash the back of it into the floor. A few punches later and John stood up, blinking around to regain his full consciousness, and as he looked down to see William's blood on his hands, John's eyes went wide. Even still, William narrowed his eyes as he tried to sit up, trying to analyze John's seemingly surprised expression. John looked fervently at Irene, who'd somehow walked up next to him when she put a hand on his shoulder.
"I was just wondering," Dimmock said with a smirk, "that gifted school teach you how to fight, Scot?" Scot being one of the stupidest ways of incorrectly placing a racial slur against John.
"Hey," John said, chuckling, as he approached the two boys. Sherlock smiled. He leaned forward to give the boy a fist-bump, which was greatly appreciated by John's facial expression. John looked up at Victor. "I'm John,"
"Ta, I guess," William questioned with a laugh. John nodded, causing William to laugh again.
"Ta," Bill thanked.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"No problem, mate. I've got you," he chuckled.
"I wasn't insisting it, John, I was insinuating it. Get it straight," William said, scoffing as he pushed his shoulder against John's as he walked past him. "I thought you'd be smarter than that, doctor," He laughed as he turned his head to spit those venomous words.
"Well, I still think about him," John said, making his daily rounds to administer medication to the patients in the infirmary tent.
Once John clicked on a link for a news article, his heart wrenched with grief and loss for the boy that he called his friend.
Irene came back with a pale of water and a couple washcloths, preparing to wash John.
"Oh, you," He responded. John plopped himself onto William's bed and let out a sigh.
"What? I can't sit down?" John asked sarcastically as he sat anyway, despite William's rebuttal of,
"Detective," John's smooth voice had made Carter shake her head, tightening her lips.
"Why are you there?" John asked, glancing towards the door as if at any moment, Sherlock, or worse yet, Mary would burst in and begin accusing John of cheating. Well, he did cheat...
"Hey, John. Do you remember how close you and Holmes were, right?" He asked, cautious of his words.
"Yo," John said, "We should be philosophy teachers!" They both laughed uncontrollably.
"What are you-?" He began, seeming tenser and tenser by the moments. Sherlock hummed, contemplatively, letting his eyes fall all over the boy, his face, his clothes, his limp... Interesting, Sherlock glanced up to John, who now had a book opened, but had his eyes trained on the two of them intensely.
"What kind of errand goes sideways?" John asked with a cautious smirk. Sherlock let a light smirk fall to his mouth, too,
"Sherlock could've died today, and you want to fight me? How friendly of you, Jim?" John scoffed, catching Jim off guard with a punch to the left side of his face. Jim grunted, dropping his wand. John punched him again and again. He took the front of Jim's robe and stomped on his wand, snapping it. John yanked Jim in to growl, "Get anywhere near Sherlock ever again, inside of Hogwarts or out, and this will be your bloody body, Jim," John pushed Jim backwards, letting him fall to his arse. John let out a growl of danger as Jim reached for his wand shakily, looking up to John with a terrified look in his eyes. "Off you pop, then," John shooed, fluttering his hand angrily.
"I'd always been a bit different; people made fun of me, picked on me, and I had to hide from the girls from my school, but they always found me," William said as he absentmindedly brushed his hand through John's hair.
"Uh, could you for me?" Bill asked, nervously refusing to take the light from John.
Sherlock met John's eyes for a slick moment before John turned to the side of the bookcase aisle. Sherlock followed him and quickly caught on, making the briefest of eye contacts. Sherlock scoffed quirking his eyebrows. "I need information from your dream boy over there," he lowly hissed, letting his arm wrap gently around the back of Harry's shoulders. He was so close to Harry's ear, that he could tell what product he put in his hair last night, "Grab my hand, take the paper slip," he instructed. Slowly Harry let his hand reach up to wrap around Sherlock's, completing the handoff. Harry let his head fall slightly.
"I still can't believe you have that phone, William," John said almost in awe.
"Not really; he's one of the first friends you've made here at Hogwarts, so it's only expected for you to miss him," he said turning back and grabbing Sherlock's hand to re-enter the school, "I don't see why, though; he was always kind of a prick,"
"What is this?" John asked, holding his cigarette up.
Mary hummed as she flipped through her own note pages half-heartedly. "But, this is all that he covered in class,"
"I mean, we're allowed to smoke, so here," It was Harry. She was holding a fag, not Sherlock's usual, however, he'd do anything to cope. Harry handed him a light and Sherlock quickly lit the fag, taking a sharp breath in, however, since he hasn't smoked fags before, he coughed most of the smoke up.
"I don't need to meet him to now that he's way too incapable of taking care of himself to even come up with a clever case like this." The consulting detective stated, folding his arms as if he were a child, pouting out to the streets of New York.
"John," the boy's clouded eyes focused behind his mum where his dad cleared his throat and scowled at him. John looked at his mum. He opened his mouth to speak, but his father slowly shook his head, crossing his arms, showing his impatience. John swallowed, glanced to Harry, who was still burning John with her scornful stare. He sighed and looked down as he nodded, feeling a wave of immense sadness hit him like a bus. He went back upstairs to pack his things.
"Why else would Sebastian say that it was your fault," Sherlock gripped the front of Sebastian's shit and hed him close to his face as he snarled with a low and dangerous voice,
He was in the forest, being led by a boy with slicked black hair and green compliments to his robe. The boy was uncharacteristically quiet as they reached an opening in the woodlands. They heard a wolf's howling as the other students gathered, feigning happiness and excitement. Sherlock remembered asking Jim where the other houses were, but he just couldn't hear it. Jim's mouth moved but it was only muffled. Everything was muffled, even the silence. The older students grouped up and the younger ones stayed nearest to Sherlock. Sherlock felt anticipation, then dread and pain and he saw flashing lights.
William noticed John had a bruise on the back of his neck. "Was this your father's doing?" William asked as he poked the bruise.
"We love you too.” Sherlock smiled, bringing his small bowl of food back. He sat down next to them and ate slowly being careful to not spin his ring, though he wanted to. The worried look on John's face was bad enough without staring at him doing that. He sighed but smiled. "Finish eating Daddy." Sherlock said pushing the fork to John's mouth with noodles on it.
"Love, listen to me. This started a long time before you," John let his arms wrap around Sherlock. "It got a bit better when you were here and yea I won't lie and say it wasn't a kick in the ego when I thought you'd made me watch you commit suicide, but... I just don't see anything great about myself. Just like you expected me to call you a freak like everyone else did. I'm sorry, please don't get upset. It's not your fault."
"Oh, let me get on the table. Please let me get on my back, I'll spread my legs for you and you can fuck me." He groaned as he felt John slip out of him. "Thank you, Thank you, John." He panted, stealing a heated kiss before he was pushed onto the table, his legs being opened by John. The desperation in John's movements driving Sherlock insane. "Slam into me. I can take it, John. Just fuck me. Use me." He growled, lust written all over his face and body.
"I'm sorry..." He looked down. "It's just been a long time..."
"Sherlock, you have to trust me. I'm the doctor." He whispered trying to soothe him. "Whatever you see, whatever it is, I can help you with it. The pain, the visions, all of it. But you have to let me take care of you." John retrieved the medicine and gave Sherlock the appropriate dose. "If you weren't afraid I would be worried. But I am not going anywhere. I will protect you and nothing," he growled, "
"Sometimes I think you are six years old." He teased. "No its very possible I have the flu. The shot is only made for one strand and there have been at least three different ones at the clinic." He sighed. "I guess we're both going to be on house arrest for awhile. How bad is it?" Sherlock bit his lip, not really wanting to tell John how bad it was. He was coming down with the flu which meant his symptoms were going to get worse. Right now it was only a high fever but it would most likely get worse. Sherlock sighed and showed John the thermometer.
"Oh, yes. You smell absolutely delicious." He growled into his ear. Sherlock simply couldn't contain himself anymore as he started to nibble on John's ear. "If I wasn't in control, I wouldn't be able to stop myself from taking you right now." He moved to his lover's neck and bit him pretty hard, at the wince, he licked over the mark and then kissed it sweetly. "But I am in control so you can shave."
"I don't want to go to bed. I won't be able to sleep if I'm not near you anyway, so I'll just stay here." Sherlock insisted. He grabbed everything off his chair and made his way to the couch. "Don't worry. I'll be fine right here." He gave a loud cough which physically pained his chest. "Ow." He muttered as the coughing fit ended. He lay down on the couch and placed the ice pack on his head.  "And if Victor told you he cares about me... Well that means he trusts you because he won't even admit that to me anymore." Sherlock couldn't hide the slight bit of pride in his voice, and John flushed just a bit.
Greg swept boy in his arms as the first gun man took advantage of the panic and grabbed the woman, throwing her into the hallway. The woman was screaming for Greg, who ended up setting the little boy back down just inside the pantry before bursting into the hallway. He aimed at the man and told him again to drop his weapon. The man scuffling with Sherlock was trying to get his pistol around to aim it at the lithe detective and in their struggle it went off. Sherlock cursed as the bullet drug a shallow track through the top of his shoulder and buried itself into the floor just beside his head. He shifted easily to bring his opposite elbow into the jaw of his attacker, rendering him unconscious. The other man tore back into the kitchen, chasing the woman. She frantically clamored through the kitchen and into the back hall, Greg on their heels. Sherlock scooped up the little red haired boy and held him close as he called Donovan for backup.
"Is John alright?" He asked softly through the door. Sherlock was shocked by the amount of emotion in his voice.
"Can I tiss Hamish?" Greg's eyes went wide.
He relaxed his grip on Sherlock trying to show him that if he needed space he could have it. He was afraid, he knew he had heard a man's voice and he heard the tones even though he could not hear the words. Something had happened, danger was still there, someone had upset his lover. It made his face tighten with a sort of possessive anger but he didn't speak and his touch stayed relaxed. If someone hurt Sherlock he wouldn't just hurt them he would kill them. After what must have been a good half hour, during which Sherlock spent with his eyes squeezed closed fighting the urge to want to go look for the drugs and the ache in his chest that said he needed to cry, he relaxed his grip on John and finally opened his eyes. He took a shaking breath and looked up into John's eyes.
"That is never good." He muttered and Victor giggled.
"You left me on the street outside the crime scene. By the time Greg let me through you were gone, love." He spoke softly because he was worried Sherlock would be angry and he was sad at having him embrace with Victor interrupted so suddenly. He pulled back from Sherlock and turned to back to Victor. "It's not the first time you've done this, we can return the wallet tomorrow. Victor are you alright?" John walked over to make sure he handy scratched anything.
"Sex is the perfect pain reliever." He said with a grin as he gazed into John's eyes. "I think I can stomach just about anything right now so I suggest you bring me something while I still feel that way." He laughed. John giggled and pressed a soft kiss on his brow before heading into the kitchen.
"You've been thinking about my fiancé fucking you?" He asked sounding aroused and yet teasing. "You cheeky thing, Victor." He took his lower lip into his mouth and sucked on it while Victor groaned.  John growled and shivered with desire. Victor wanted him... And he hadn't realized... Oh they had been playing with fire hadn't they? He grabbed Victor away from Sherlock, pushing him on his back he put himself between Victor's legs, slowly pushing himself against and then into him. He almost shouted once he was buried to the hilt, just pausing for a minute and shaking. Sherlock groaned watching John push his way into Victor, he couldn't wait to pin John's body between them.
"Thank you, Master. Please may I have more." John pleaded as he shook, his hand sliding over his hard length slowly but with intent. He was so aroused, so desperate. The sting of the leather made him want to buck his hips and it took all he had not to. "Y-yes. But... Not from her..." He forced out, grunting. "You seemed... Seemed to know what... What she did... I wanted... Wanted to know... Wanted you to control me." He forced out, his words punctuated by shaking breaths and deep needy moans. He just melted under Sherlock's attentions, desperate for more - for the next thing. He blushed and his face was dotted with sweat, his mouth parted and trembling with each breath. "I like it... Please Master, tell me what you feel... Please..." He whimpered and begged clawing the sheets.
"I will be fine. Please Mrs. Hudson let me fix the table and come back in a bit."
"Oh, John. You're mine. You belong to
." Mycroft tensed and his eyes snapped back to John as John's appraisal of his actions dismantled the deductions he was trying to make about Sherlock. He realized that was exactly what John intended to have happen and it flustered him more.
"I've got the boy, go!" He kept his pistol aimed at the man on the floor as he shouted at Greg. He then shouted in the phone, on speaker, for Sally to send backup and an ambulance.
"Oh you are good..." Mycroft hummed in approval. "Come here." He purred and raised Greg off the floor, pushing him back into the wall and kissing him hard. He angled the shower head so it wasn't aiming on them and clicked open the lube. "You are incredibly bad at being submissive." He smiled, pressing hard nips around his collar bone, marking it like a collar. "I hope you will do better when you are dominating me." He pressed two fingers against Greg's ass, toying with the quivering opening before slipping them in. He propped one of Greg's legs up with his own, leaving the other leg desperately reaching for the tub as he gently pressed in. "I'm going to be completely unrestrained once you can take me. You will not last more than a few minutes, I promise it."
before but there's a first time for everything." He let out a laugh as he pushed some hair out of John's eyes. "If we're doing costumes though, you're wearing you're old uniform for me, at least once."
"Can you teach me, Papa?" Marius asked excitedly, clapping his hands together. "Mummy said I not take art lessons 'cause we couldn't 'ford to." He looked down as he frowned. John gave a bit of a frown as well. It was sad to see how much the boy and his family had suffered and to watch how much he missed his parents. It was hard to remind himself that both of these darling boys had suffered before coming into their lives. He could remember when they first brought Hamish home from the crime scene. It had taken him a long time to speak and when he did they found the only two words he could say were Mum and Dad. And when he said it, it was almost as if he was asking for them. He sighed as he realized Marius was the exact picture of what Hamish would have been like had he been older when they found him. He looked up at his son, smiling as he saw that Sherlock was easy in his embrace, holding the little boy as close to him as possible while Hamish snuggled closer and watched Mycroft set the rest of the pancakes on the table.
"There's a row of flats not far from the road in that area, that I believe are quite cheap and sadly rather rundown. I would imagine they moved in there. The fire at their previous residence was likely a warning from the trafficking agency when they chose to keep the child. They would have abandoned the original house that was purchased for them as part of the arrangement involving the child. We'll likely be able to spot it easily because of the boy that lives there. They'll have tried to provide him enough toys to make up for their on the run life style..." The sound of the spinning ring was for once not doing anything to soothe him but he didn't stop the motion. Instead he furrowed his brow further and looked somewhere between utterly confused and deathly murderous. "All of this for child trafficking. It's obscene."
"We should probably go to bed, it is past midnight." Sherlock said, a smile on his face as he rubbed at his stuffy nose. "But... I really don't think I should talk to him. At least not right now and I'm damn sure not going to tell him about this. That would crush him." Sherlock frowned hiding his face in John's neck for a moment. "Why does everything have to be complicated? Usually I love complicated things, but not like this." John had to smirk at the irony of the statement but Sherlock didn't catch on.
now?" Victor seemed amused by all of this and that made Sherlock's stomach turn.
"Sherlock, just go." Greg pleaded with a chuckle as moved to sit next to his husband.
"We will take it one day at a time, yea?" John asked softly, kissing Sherlock again. "How are you feeling now? What do you need from me in this moment?"
"With me? You think I'll hurt him?" Victor asked sounding more amused than anything.
"I couldn't tell right away," He laughed. "I figured it out later. I was honestly completely enamored with you I think, though I didn't know it then. Not only were you absolutely gorgeous to watch work but you just knew everything there was to know about me in one go. I'd carefully crafted my persona after I got back to hide a lot of what happened, but you just saw straight through it. I was sort of just blown away. Stamford talked to me a little bit after you left and he told me that you were not like other people. Then when I found your website... Well I was just absolutely convinced I needed to get to know you better. Ella, my therapist, she told me to write that stupid blog about everything that happened to me. But nothing ever did, just nightmares and day after day of everything falling down around my ears. But then you were there and suddenly there was a new flat to look at, a mysterious man to investigate, and just... I'm sure you felt it. That pull that was there the moment you looked me in the eyes. I might have thought I didn't and couldn't love men but I couldn't ignore that." He blushed. "I was sort of upset I looked so half assed that day. I hadn't really done much with my appearance..."
"John depends on his moods and what Sherlock tells him to do. He can be dominating if he wants to be. But he is a lot softer. I am quite sure they will be interested. Sherlock for certain, John likely is curious. We just have to talk to them. I think you should ask them." Victor giggled.
"Yes." Sherlock sighed. "Mycroft was going to get a dog. We went to the rescue to look them over and one attacked me." He focused on running his hand through Hamish's hair. "It was fairly traumatizing. So I have never liked dogs since. But I will think about it." Hamish had fallen asleep, one hand on John's leg and the other on Sherlock's shirt. Sherlock smiled. "He worries just like you."
"W-what? No," John said, "He told on me for snapping his wand and threatening him," John hissed.
"Yeah," Sherlock shied away from Victor, who went to class, leaving Sherlock to Dark Arts class. Sherlock couldn't help but think about how much fun John and he would have if they were in the same class. Then, he thought about how much he missed John. Why do I miss him?
"Bro, I swear, I was trying to revive you!" The first-year said, putting his arms up defensively.
"So," Sherlock started, "you don't even remember me?" Sherlock felt his heart drop as if he would be sick like his heart had broken in half and was now aching for the medical attention he knew John could've provided. Well, he thought John would provide, at least.
By the time John arrived at the library, William was almost done the project and didn't want John to see the massive amount of work he'd accomplished. He'd want to ruin it.
"Look, I don't like academic dishonesty. I'm here to learn for myself, and it kinda hurt me that you thought I was useless and couldn't handle doing a paper project with you," John said, sighing as he focused on William's eyes.
A few minutes after departure from the platform, John heard a loud thump next to him, startling him to jump. John's head, and his attention, was snapped from the window's scenery to his right, where he faced a lanky figure dropping his trunk to the floor.
"Yes, William. Ta, indeed," John laughed.
"Come on," John said, "Who would want me as a flatmate?" John said.
"Of course, I bloody well know who I am, woman! Have you gone absolutely daft!? I'm Sherlock Holmes, first-year Ravenclaw!" He shouted, making his own ears ring. He winced at his own voice. She stepped back and looked at him. She walked into her office and sent an owl to someone. Sherlock sat there. He pulled himself up to the head of the bed and noticed the different kinds of gifts people sent him. He looked up to find balloons, too. He flipped his over over his legs and looked down at them, then back up at the other wall. He seemed dazed for moments. Then, the door opened and,
John was on army penchant and looking for a place to stay. The first place he looked was his sister's flat. She was near central London where John wanted to be as it was a place that was chaotic and it felt like an unsuspecting home to him. John took a cab to Harry's house. He knocked on the door and Clara answered.
"Is something the matter?" Victor asked, sounding concerned, he leaned in,
"Oi, be careful, Holmes!" Shouted the eagle doorknock. He scowled up at it with an angered sneer.
William went to therapy and talked about John and Bill.
"Why are you wearing a tie today?" John asked, finally finishing up as he looked up at William as he tightened the tie around William's neck. John reached his hands around William's neck to grab the back of his upright collar. John pulled it down, only glancing at William's collar so he could keep his eyes glued to William's. Once John was done, he let his hands slowly fall to William's chest, where they stayed until they were interrupted.
John trudged himself back to his dorm and took off his shoes at the door because he didn't want to be yelled at by Sebastian, not again. John walked in, opened his trunk to take a night outfit, and walked into the bathroom. John was undressing as he pondered even further into the painting.
"What do you think, Mike!? It was my mental spacings that bloody killed a man!" John shouted as he lied on his side, facing away from his friend. "I killed a man," John muttered.
Meanwhile, William was not doing well either. He wasn't aware that John had stuck around just to hear him say it, so William assumed his love unrequited. William started skipping class, not eating, smoking more often. One day a student approached him.
"I'm sure she's fine, just feels lonely...?" John shrugged.
"What?! John, are you absolutely mad!?" He shouted. "John, I respect you, especially for what you did for Sherlock last night, but this is-" he started, but John pushed past him,
"John," She moaned, ripping John from his mind, "Move up more, please," she asked.
"Nothing on Dr Watson's blog suggests that anyone knew of their trip," Harold said. He was skimming through the few cases that the doctor had posted on his blog site. Some of them included a link to another webpage where it showcased the DI's cases being solved, but "It seems as though Dr Watson posts these cases about Mr Holmes doing the brain work only but five days after DI of Scotland Yard had claimed credit for them."
Sherlock sighed as he sold reaching up to put his Galleons back. He pulled down a smaller trunk where he had his solid black robe. John stood and did the same, replacing his robe with the Uke he'd been using to alleviate boredom. John had noticed that Sherlock hummed the song that John played as they threw their robes on.
"There's no bloody service," He groaned, then snapped his head to look at Mike, "Mike, may I borrow your phone?" He asked, agitated. John found out earlier that Mike had broken his phone this morning. Or, he dropped it and, 'the rocks broke it,' as Mike defended.
By the time John and the boys had been cleared, it was getting dark and it was probably time for dinner. John didn't want to leave Sherlock. Neither did Jim, which angered John a hell of a lot. John stood in between Jim and Sherlock's bed in a protective stance, making Jim scoff briefly.
"I already know about you! You utter fucking Imbecile!" causing John to jump. "I'm sorry, Sorry. Just, sometimes I get angry, and I start yelling." The boy quickly apologised, not looking John in the eye, which was good, because John was avoiding the eye contact as well. This kid reminded John of his father, and he didn't like it at all. "My name is Sebastian Moran. I specialize in weapon-smithing." He sighed as he brought his hand up to his said greasy hair and combed it back before letting the blonde locks fall futilely back into their rightful place on his forehead.
"T-turn it up!!" He squealed. As Sherlock chuckled, John reached forward to turn the dial to the car radio. Sherlock sang along with the radio and Mycroft, who was horribly screaming the lyrics. John only but laughed.Getting Mycroft into the house, however, was entirely different and more difficult. Sherlock saw the car gone and unlocked the door himself. "Greg's still working on that god-awful case of his, so we're on our own."
"It's Doctor, and this is calm," John grumbled, regaining his posture and clearing his throat, only to earn a look of sarcasm from the figure.
Sherlock's in a bind...! Will Victor come to save him? Will Jim suddenly get a change of heart? Will Sherlock make it through?
It was one of those nights in John's boot camp. He glanced out the window when they were shining their shoes and the glistening of the stars, mixing in with the other colours of the night, reminded John of him and his gorgeous eyes. John needed to know why those eyes are forever in his mind, staring at him whenever he closed his eyes, begging him not to leave as their foreheads met in an act of trust for their final few moments of contact. John blinked slowly, as did William. In every dream, since John has left for deployment, that moment was on replay. John knew it was a bit petty, that he was only overanalyzing that moment, and that William has probably moved on from that moment as soon as he left William's dorm that evening. William hadn't smiled at him through the window of the building when he left, unlike when he went on a holiday. It was just a cold, analytical stare.
"Well, so do I, but I'm guessing you think about him more than I do as you asked to talk about this man privately," Bill said with a smirk creeping up on his face.
"We'll see," John chuckled. They waved at each other as John began walking to his common room.
John didn't question aloud. He turned back and gave a smile, then a smooth wink to the man, who was watching her walk away. John turned back around, "he's looking at my arse...!"
"Oh, I didn't mean to wake you," John said, ruffling his hair.
It was nearly midnight when Jacob wandered down the stairs to the common room, where John sat still strumming tiredly at the strings of his small instrument.
Sherlock whistled with an arched eyebrow. "Woah, drop trou, would ya'?" He chuckled as he looked John up and down. His eyes quickly looked away to finish pouring the coffee from the pot into a mug. "Nice pants; very practical," He patted the counter top and John sat there, folding his hands in his lap as he chuckled, too.
They laughed for a bit and they studied there until it was time for dinner. They sat together until Victor had to interrupt, getting between the two. Victor sat closer to Sherlock than usual, which was weird. Definitely strange, but Sherlock didn't object. Should he have?
"Now, take a shower, for god's sake!" The perfect yelled. Sherlock looked down, then lightly nodded. As he went to walk towards the washroom, the older boy stopped him with a hand, "Then, I want you to show up to your fucking classes -- all of them, do you understand?" He asked harshly. Sherlock did as he was told. The shower felt nice and he felt clean and fresh and somewhat energised. Sherlock changed into a fresh set of clothes, not bothering with his robe. He loathed them, anyway.
"More like lovesick by the looks of that relaxed smile." The one sitting next to him said, and the others at the table laughed. John never really felt like he belonged like he was supposed to. The sergeant called him out on everything, everyone made fun of him for being an army doctor after having gone to such a prestigious college as a teen, and John didn't understand why. So what, he joined the army? So what, he wanted t to be a doctor, as well? So what, if every other night he lies awake wondering about the same blurred out, a gorgeous face he'd almost met with his own years ago? It was all in the past, and for al John knew, William could be dead, now. John'd found out about that poor boy's drug use, and he sadly assumed that the secretly sweet boy he once knew was no longer.
Sherlock turned his mobile off as the three of them headed out to Mycroft's arranged car, which drove them to the airport.
"This, Victor," Sherlock lifted their intertwined hands, "why are you doing this?" Their hands dropped.
"I think you'll be in..." Sherlock drew out, furrowing his eyebrows as if still unsure, "Gryffindor or Hufflepuff," he sat back with a smirk on his lips. John smiled as he leaned back, too. "My Galleons are on Hufflepuff, though," he assured, folding his arms.
"How would you know, though? Never mind, I think I'll just ask that third-year he keeps checking out, Jossy," Sherlock said dismissively, waving his hand off a bit. He saw how Harry reacted He was trying his best to not say anything, and that's exactly what Sherlock needed to know. Sherlock leaned in. John looked around and found a group of Slytherins near Pince's check-out desk. They were snickering and quietly joking about amongst one another. All except one, who had his eyes burning on the two, probably for a while. He had short black hair that was swiped to one side in little spikes, barely noticeable. His eyes, however, were the glassiest of greens John had ever seen. The Slytherin's jaw clenched and John took in a sharp inhale.
"Hey, it's just me! Don't start swinging again." He said, grabbing a chair from the nearest table.
"I-I, uh, it must all be a misunderstanding, sir," John spat out.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Have you eaten yet?" Mike asked, sitting on the edge of the cot.
"Hello?" There was a husky voice on the other end.
"Need a light?" William asked, offering a lighter to John.
"That is enough!" Mr Dumbledore called from his seat, where he rose from. Everyone stopped and looked at him. "He's just a boy, your family, Mycroft," he said, "I cannot sit idly by as you threaten him like that. And, for what, being a Ravenclaw?" He asked. "I'm going to have to remove your title as Perfect of Slytherin, Mycroft Holmes," the Slytherin table gasped and groaned as he also took ten points from Slytherin.
"I have a place," Sherlock said as if reading John's thoughts. "Y-you could join me for the night if you'd like," John looked unsure.
"What are we doing here?" John asked as Sherlock tentatively let go of John's hand to dig through his satchel. They hurried into an empty phone box. "No, really, what's going on; I don't understand,"
"Yeah, I'll see what my perfect says," John said with a nod. Before he could walk away, John was topped by Sherlock's hand on his arm.
"Hey, shitty's my bread and butter, mate," John's ears went red with bashfulness as he quipped comedically. He ducked his head.
"Well, do you maybe want me to massage it; make it feel better and loosened?" John offered. Irene smiled sincerely as she nodded. She lied down on her stomach and pulled the bottom hem of her shirt up to cling to the back of her neck and wrap around the front of her shoulders.
"What's wrong?" Victor asked, turning to look at the Ravenclaw boy, who looked down bashfully. Victor stepped closer.
"Um, well," Jacob said, struggling with the words to say what he wanted, "it's a bad way of saying it. Like, um... I-I don't want to say that it's racist, but it's kind of like that, you know?"
"Are all tinker-kids this moody?" John groaned under his breath as he walked across the floor to sit at his bed and take his shoes off.
"Keep him from choking on the slugs...!" John grunted as he dragged the boy into the entrance of the castle.
"Not that you care," Sherlock said, letting go of John's hand. The blonde boy looked up, confused and hurt, "I mean, y-you just... left!" Sherlock furrowed the bridge of his nose in slight anger. John's eyebrows furrowed. "You didn't even tell me,"
"No, that's not it. She's starting to like me," He said, causing William to let out a laugh as he said,
"U-uh, I'm not going to fall, Victor," Sherlock reassured nervously. Victor tightened his hold on Sherlock until her realised: "Oh, you're hugging me," He felt Victor's shoulders shake as he heard a muffled giggle from the boy's face, which was wedged in between Sherlock's neck and shoulder. Sherlock hesitantly let his weight shift to his right arm as he brought his left up to pat Victor's back.
"Well, what can you do," William sighed as he saw a message from his brother finally link through. "Ugh, he can't get me into the museum after all," William said as he dropped the mobile back onto the hardwood flooring and finally actually looked at John.
"Well, he shows all the indications of having a crush. William is turning normal. Congratulations," She smiled, but Mycroft didn't like that.
The next battle was even more gruesome. More and more men died, more and more Medics refused to work out of fear, but John was there to be a medic. He couldn't let a couple ricocheting bullets near him get in the way. This was his job; this is what he's wanted to do since he was a boy.
"Why couldn't he just take it to me in breakfast?" Sherlock glanced up to the knock as he began to read the message.
"There was speculation," was all William said.
"Uh, Sherlock," John said, confused, "Where are you going?" John slowed to a stop at the base of the stairs, which had begun to shift. Sherlock looked back as he heard John's bag thump. John had taken the leap, Sherlock's eyes widened at the sight, jumping from the still stone at the bottom, connecting the cases to their grounds, to the steps Sherlock stood on. John quickly gripped at the thick railing, letting his young muscles strain to help him steadily stand.
"All I'm saying is, it's a dangerous game you two are working for and approaching John Reese's best friend like that," Jossy sighed, then asked for a  quill and paper. She propped it up on a wall nearby, folded it up, and told him to make the meeting a little bit more discrete than today with Harry. John nodded and swallowed cautiously. "And hey, I'll talk to the others about making you a beater...!" She smiled, giving John's shoulder a pat. John nodded, not knowing what a beater even was. John made his way up to the dorms, which was louder because most of the perfects were worried about what the hell was going on downstairs.
John was sitting in the library, looking at books and articles in which astronomy was the solution. John may have attacked his partner, however, he still had a portion of the project to do. As he was doing so, John glanced up to see a computer and his eyes widened. He had only seen them on the telly. John tentatively stood up and slowly made his way to the information desk, where the librarian was there to greet him.
"Why am I at the airport, Finch?" John asked, his smooth voice going through the like of his earpiece. Wearing his usual suit, John fit in with all of the men on business trips, or even those coming home from them.
"Eh," Sherlock wavered, "more or less, I'd say," Sherlock said, resting his hand in John's golden blonde hair. John looked up at him, confusion was written on his face. "Madam Pomfrey, may you roll me over a wheelchair, please?" He called to her nonchalantly. She did as he requested and Sherlock was struggling to set himself into it. Pomfrey helped as John sat there, looking stunned.
"You're saying he's having a seizure?" Jacob seemed afraid and very scared. He was probably thinking of what would happen to the boy. John glanced up and nodded.
"Hey, what do you think you're doing?" He asked, sounding angered.
"But, we just ran from there," John said sceptically but didn't argue when Sherlock started to walk.
"Stay here and find out more, then when I get back, we can discuss again," John said, starting to walk away. "Don't worry; It'll be fine," John reassured as he let a smile warm up to his face. It took William a bit to calculate, however, he nodded in agreement nonetheless.
"Shouldn't you be more focused on the two about to have their own bloody modern Warfare in there?" Sherlock asked rhetorically, then stormed from the Ravenclaw tower.
"How would you know?" John asked, raising a suspicious brow. William looked at him and said,
"Oh, I'm feeling quite well, but you're new here, and everyone wants to get to know you. You won't be doing much of that while you're here, I'm afraid. Plus, I need to study anyway."  He replied insistently with a smile that seemed so ingenuine that it could've broken John's heart if they weren't in public.
"I never said that. I'm just saying that if she wants fewer pimples, she's got to go at it a natural way," Sherlock tried to explain, but John still looked uninterested in his excuses,
They sat there and they looked up at the sky again. John began getting confused. All of the school was talking about it, but William hadn't mentioned it once.
Raider's was absolute HELL. John was almost too exhausted to get back to his room. As the leader of the group, and his future teacher in JROTC, Lieutenant Flood was wrapping up, John could only ponder what William's found out about the painting. However, John didn't even feel like talking to anyone. John dragged himself from the group as the Lt. called for him.
Whispering, "Revelio," as he made one decisive wave. John repeated. A glow shone from John's wand and transformed the top book, revealing what it really was, which was a small bag. It was Sherlock's money bag. He grabbed it back from the desk and shoved it in his pockets.
"Don't try to play with me, Holmes. You know who I am, It never works!" Snape sharply warned,
"Bill, we're gonna need to carefully stand up," John said, urging the carefulness he needed for this task. John slowly stood with help from William and they stood to wait for Bill as he stumbled up.
"I-I beg your pardon?" John chuckled, confused, shaking his head,
"Thank you, John. You have no idea how much this would help," Irene thanked genuinely.
"What?" Sherlock asked, blinking at this new accusation with a clueless manner. "Why do you think I was involved?" He asked,
It took a long time for the sorting hat to come up with a decision, so long that John began to wonder what would happen if a kid had lice, then wore the hat. It'd be a bloody epidemic! John snickered briefly at the thought and tuned back into the ceremony only to hear,
"Wait, no-," Sherlock tried,
"Oi, Holmes, which do you think is better? Call of Duty or Modern Warfare?" The third-year asked, pointing at the boy with curly hair, who already wasn't happy to have to wear the uniform and colours of Ravenclaw, but he was absolutely was not on for a bloody debate on Muggle games, at seven in the morning!!
"John, we've known each other for less than a month," William said, doing his best to suppress the smirk he felt as his chest tightened and his throat was beginning to close out of... That was the problem, William was in semi-perfect physical health-there should be no reason for him to be experiencing these strange symptoms, "you have no idea how, 'off,' I can be," He said. John frowned.
"Good morning, Sherlock," Mary said above him. Sherlock didn't even look up. He only showed her to the left and pointed to the Hufflepuff and silently beckoned her forward.
"That boy," He chuckled as he let a hand comb through the front of his curls. "How'll he survive without me?" He asked himself, meaning for it to be a rhetorical question, however, he ended up pondering about it for a while.
"Oh, it's just you," The boy said as he went back to his work.
"Hey," John said, sitting down. Sherlock sat, too. He seemed to have cleaned up, too. Now, his face and hands were only red from the burns he must've sustained from the explosion. His hands were wrapped up, but Sherlock got a glance at his wrists. They were bruised, but Sherlock had a sickening feeling in his gut that it wasn't from the explosion.
You don't matter,
"Why? What's up?"
"You don't know how I got into trouble, do you?" John asked.
"Irene Adler," She purred as she leaned further in to reach John's ear, "It was very nice to meet you, John Watson." Irene swiftly pulled back and winked before she smiled and turned to enter the classroom. Even though he knew she couldn't hear him, John muttered,
"You're still my son. It doesn't matter, in my opinion, who you're with," He said, shrugging as he took another sip, "as long as the person feels the same way and treats you right, I don't see why I should have a problem with whoever you like."
"Great! We're gonna be best friends...!" He said sweetly. Sherlock shyly smiled up at Victor. They then ate together. And, after, Victor upheld his promise, helping Sherlock through the castle back to his house. John was waiting and as soon as he saw Sherlock, the blonde boy smiled.
"Let me in," Sherlock growled at the doorknock, who squawked,
"But, you threw the rocks," John said, rubbing the back of his neck. Mary laughed lightly and it mad the blood rush to John's face. "Oh, uh, I-I was released already," John said, stuttering for his robes, which he hated to wear, so he just folded them over his forearm, "we could go to dinner together, s-uh, study transfiguration?" John asked. Mary chuckled and nodded. She looked at Sherlock and waved politely. He only but glared at her briefly before groaning, sitting up. John looked back and waved to him, which he immediately returned.
"Well," John started, feeling as if Jacob could prove the event to be true or false, "he said that the older kids of Hogwarts go out into the Forbidden Forest at half-past midnight and cast their patronuses into the sky as a kind of morale boost," John explained, "and he said that people from all houses usually go, but I didn't see anyone from Gryffindor leave yet. I'm starting to worry," John said, glancing into the fire with a worried expression as if to say that Sherlock might get burned one way or another tonight.
"This Gryffindor threatened me, sir," the girl said, completely dropping her aggressive facial expression, to quickly replace it with one of a scared and helpless personality.
"He probably wouldn't detour to the restroom, either, he'd probably wait smugly until you pissed yourself!" John laughed, leaning over the back of the chair to rest his head on Sherlock's for a moment. This is what John must've missed, Sherlock thought as they detoured to the restrooms, laughing and giggling because the damn door wasn't wide enough for the chair to fit.
"So, how's Mary?" John asked, absentmindedly swinging their hands back and forth.
That was all they said as the train ride had proceeded. William was thinking in his seat across from John, who was looking out the window and admiring the moving scenery. John fell asleep as the time went along. When the train pulled up to their desired platform, John began to stir. When he opened his eyes, John saw that William was gone. There was no trace of the boy, no sound of his wake, John pulled his trunk from the carrier shelf and looked around as the other teens were bustling, pulling and trudging their trunks from the said shelves and out the door on the side of the train.
"John, I'm doing it because you remind me of my son; Don't mistake my kindness as pity, boy." His commander said with a stern voice that had a kind of softness to it.
"Pleasure's all mine," as he slowly lifted a hand to his cheek, whilst allowing the dopiest grin to spread like butter on his face and a deep blush to creep up to his ears.
John and Bill Murray were mates since college, so to hear that he was transferring to John's company, made John ecstatic. Then, John could prove to Mike all of the college antics he hopped up to whilst he was there were true. John also needed to talk to Bill about something that had been bothering John for a long time running.
"That was my brother," William said, letting a breath out as he looked down, "He's not the friendliest type either," John looked at him and said,
"Is this my blood?" William asked as he gingerly looked into the pale to see that it was mixed with something else.
"Ah, John Watson," John turned as he heard the familiar voice of Sherlock to have his breath almost taken from his lungs as the man's eyes made his heart jump with joy like when he was in college with William. John smiled, painfully at the memory of his old friend, and brought his free hand up to shake it with Sherlock's,
"Hey, I'm talking to you," John said, walking after William as the taller boy ignored him. "What is wrong with you?" John shouted, increasingly angry by the time William reached his room. It was obvious the boy didn't want John around. So, John returned to his dorm, which had rarely happened for him in the past two weeks. Meanwhile, William took the nurse's advice and avoided John for the rest of the week. And, h, it was difficult. It was so difficult for William to not sit where John was sitting. It was difficult to not stop by John's door on the way to his own. It was difficult for William to not audibly scoff when he saw John get frustrated in the library.
"Yeah, lately, it's been hurting in the middle, but like, the sides, you know?" Irene said as she gestured to it.
"Victor," they shook hands and it felt kind of awkward; Sherlock didn't know why, but it just was...! "I'm Sherlock's new... caretaker for the time being," Victor said. John looked at Sherlock, then back up at Victor. Nevertheless, he couldn't refuse it, so he just smiled and nodded, giving his good nights to both of the boys as he ran to catch up with another Gryffindor, who shouted his name as if they were best friends. They raced down the stairs to their house with laughter filling the hall.
"I think I'm still turning out,"
"Holmes," He said, his narrowing eyes staring daggers into William. "Moran," William returned, just as cold and calculated. "Let this semester be even more memorable than the last," Sebastian said, smirking. William squinted his eyes, furrowing his eyebrow in suspicion, however, was immediately pushed aside when John turned around and said,
"Look, I-" William paused to find the right words, then he began to chuckle, "I've never admitted defeat before, but I can never win when I'm around you, Watson." William didn't mean it to sound like John was victimising him, however, that John was so stubborn that William had no choice but to give in. John patted the seat of the bleacher next to him and said,
Even though John wished desperately for his brain to will him to look away from the teen, his eyes were practically glued to his porcelain pale face clad with defined, chiselled cheekbones; the physical definition of the perfectly sculpted nose; the pair of blush pink, cupid's bow lips curling up to a smirk even still; and those eyes-what colour is that, even? Oceanic, heavenly, it needed a name, but it wasn't John's priority then --'Wait, what was I doing?' he asked himself as his eyes slightly widened, and he pulled himself from his daze.
They hit the first few houses, pretending to be a friend of the child's, then examining the home only to find nothing wrong with the environment. It soon got dark and John realised that they didn't have a plan.
"Hey, I-I..." John chuckled, "believe me, with Harry, and dad, and -- I just, I get it, mate," Shaking his head, John let out another breathy chuckle as he took another timid bite of food.
"Guys,"  on student warned as he kept glancing back at John.
"Only a bit," John said, returning Murray's smirk as he looked at Mike.
"Hmmm. Interesting," John heard as he was looking at the painting on the low-quality computer screen and saw a reflection that wasn't his own.
"Yeah, does a friend ignore you and avoid you for two weeks straight?" William asked. The surprised and hurt expression John wore, tore William's heart. "No, John. Wait, I-" William began as John stood up and turned to the door. William stood as well.
"So sorry, sir," John panted quickly as he hurried into the room, "an unexpected explosion happened in positions and I helped clean things up," John sat down on the opposite side of the room, facing Sherlock. Flitwick frowned.
"Shit, William is going to be upset!" John muttered, knocking himself in the forehead with the palm of his hand.
"He's burning up, the seizures are trying to sweat out the fever," John examined as he tried to move the boy's head to the side to make it easier for him to get the slugs out. "His nose is probably broken," John said, then shakily ran his hands down the boy's chest and sides, "three broken ribs, and his collarbone, too," John checked his pulse quickly.
The seventh of January. The number seven was always my favourite, for some reason. It was the seventh of January in which my acceptance letter to Baskerville Acadamy, for special, talented kids, arrived in the post. My father gave me a lashing, but mum drugged his beer for a good day's sleep and helped me pack to go. Mum was always too good for my father. She always said she met him when he was different, but there's no way that he, John Hamish Watson Sr, was ever different!
"If you had to be a muggle, what would you want to be, like job-wise, you know?" Victor asked as they sat at the long table. Sherlock hummed, laying the book he was reading flat on the table as he thought.
"Some speculate the painting's a fake because of some star that wasn't there before," John said, rolling his eyes, apparently sharing some of William's distaste with the subject of Astronomy. They entered a large yet emptied room, which turned out to be the Mess Hall.
William went to sleep that night satisfied. He felt like he didn't need to justify everything he did with an explanation.
"Christ, William!" John shouted, still laughing. William had joined him.
"Look at you," She said, handing the papers off to Madam Pomfrey, "when we got the news of your house, your father and I were furious," she said, walking to him slowly, leaving the two younger kids to their own, "we still are," she said, letting her face show a very brief expression of lividness,
"You look fabulous, Sherl," he said, laying a theatrical hand on his chest as he tilted his head up. They laughed. Jim's eyes brightened. "Hey, a bunch of us are gonna sneak out to the Forbidden Forest tonight," he leaned in to whisper, "You wanna come with?" Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows at the offer.
Yes, he was in a relationship with Sherlock Holmes, the brilliant detective, but no one was to know of it, for the sake of John's extremely sensitive, insecure masculinity. Sherlock gave a grunt as John's breathing grew uneven, predicting a possible, minuscule anxiety attack in the nearest future.
He yelled, "You're partnering up!" To which William responded with,
"Wait," he said, pleading. John briefly looked back, "I need your help," Sherlock let his eyebrows turn up with emotion before John's dad decided to break it up himself. Bounding down their muddied dead lawn, to the end of the street, John looked over at the angry man, then back at Sherlock.
"No, mate! Not until you promise not to throw Sam's cat out the window!" Greg's annoyed voice came to follow as the frustrated teen descended from the steps. John walked up to him, but Greg looked behind him and shouted at another pair of first and second-years, who wrestling really close to the fireplace.
"N-nothing...!" Victor shook his head, trying to catch his breath, "I can see it, now!" Victor said, standing up to demonstrate, "You on the edge of a ship with you wand drawn like a sword, yelling 'ARGH!' on the top of your lungs," Victor doubled back into his chair with laughter as Sherlock began laughing as well. Other kids were looking at them as lunch was usually a time for casual studying, but Sherlock couldn't be arsed to care, really.
"And my cologne," William sighed as he went through his hair with his hand. "If you're going to be this high-maintenance, you'd might as well keep your own things in here," William said, smiling. His tone put it out as a sarcastic sentence, however, he'd genuinely wished that John would consider coming to hang out more often.
"He knows I don't hate him," William said as he walked.
"So, how did you send your brother a message, and get a response on the same day?" John readdressed that part on the topic because he was just curious. No telephone nor mobile worked that fast in John's household.
As Sherlock made his way to Ravenclaw, Victor did his best to discretely support Sherlock when they went up some stairs, making Sherlock chuckle. He thought it was funny the way Victor cared for him so openly. Sherlock caught a glimpse of the Ravenclaw girl from before. She flashed a smile at him and timidly waved, but Sherlock pretended not to see her.
"Isn't that... Isn't that another way of saying Muggle-borns?" He asked.
"Not actual fags, at least," Sherlock answered with a smirk.
John and Irene were getting very intimate very quickly, but his mind switched off a lot during the intercourse. Something was turning John off about this. John had no idea what, though. Irene had the perfect body for him. Beautiful breasts, widened hips, perfect curves. It was all wonderful, and it was all for John. However, something was wrong. John was still getting pleasure from the situation, and he still climaxed, no doubt about it, but he just didn't feel like there was a connection for some reason. John still liked her, it was just...
"Yeah, alright," he smiled. John looked him up and down,
After they'd checked into the hotel and put everything down for a moment in their respective rooms, Sherlock demanded John accompany him to the precinct.
They talked a while and Sherlock handed John a cup of coffee, which he sipped on, then put back to the table. They told little, flirty jokes, to John's unconscious surprise. He was flirting with a man, who flirted back, which had never happened before. Sherlock turned and at first, John thought he was going to leave the room, but he only swooped in to kiss John. John's hand flew up to Sherlock's chest and they broke apart, looking at each other, John more surprised as Sherlock only looked like he would eat John and that's essentially what happened.
"Your student threw a marble at me in an aggressive, ill-mannered attempt to get under my skin, sir. John was just trying to defend me, is all," Sherlock said, reaching over the bench the two boys sat on to pick up said marble and show it to the professor. "You're supposed to be supervising us. How would this have happened, Professor?"
"Right, and if you're not as moody as I claimed to be, then why have you not introduced yourself to me first? Isn't it a bit hypocritical to-" John started but was cut off by the boy's voice shouting,
Mike bought them both coffee at a nearby cafe, then they returned to the park bench to talk. They talked about their expenses since the army. Mike asked about Harry, but John just scoffed bitterly.
"Oh, my God! John, thank God! Thank you! I don't know what I would've done if something actually happened!" Victor cried out with a relieved chuckle.
"Yes, there was. You may not think of it as important, but it's important for me. So, all I ask is for you to listen and genuinely consider what I have to say, please," John said, turning himself to face the curly-haired boy. Sherlock nodded. This was a completely different attitude than how John was yesterday. He must be serious about what he wanted to say. John nodded as well.
"I think so; he was a first-year," John said, glancing his eyes up to Jacob, who quickly checked the time and cursed under his breath. He jumped up,
Those eyes were tonight. That cold stare right through him, John hated these nights as he usually stayed up on these nights, thinking of what could've been.
"I think it was a hazing," John began,
"No, Sherlock!" He shouted, "I was supposed to be there for you, look after you, keep you safe, and I was a horrible friend for leaving you like that! I shouldn't have put my school work in front of you,"
"Oh, well, congrats to you," John said, raising his glass. Sherlock seemed a bit caught off guard, glancing around as others did the same, but smiled nonetheless as he raised his own glass. John noticed how wonderful Sherlock's smile was. It was like... perfect,
"What would you do if I said I can make it, him, them, disappear?" Sherlock asked, reading her ex-husband's drug trafficking in her hip and wrists. She gasped, but she couldn't get out another word since Sherlock'd made his way past her into the block of flats. He pulled out his phone to look something up. He'd then, called someone.
"You made Mary cry because you wanted them to leave you be?" Sherlock nodded, making John groan in exasperation.
The next morning, John's heart was beating so fast, he was convinced his heart was palpitating as he was walking up Baker street to see that right next to a cute little sandwich shoppe, there stood a black door with a strange knocker that hung under the address which was given to him with a wink of a beautiful man.
"There's been a massive destructive force that's been dangerously interfering with the Muggle world, killing people, destroying buildings, that sort of thing,"  Harry explained, making Reese sigh,
"Morning, Myc," John quietly greeted, "Hey, it's almost time for work; are you coming, or... What should I tell them?" He asked, checking his watch again. He cleared his voice softly.
John hit the water and it hit his head like a brick. His brain was pounding and every part of John's body was screaming. John kicked his legs to get above the surface. When he was, his lungs ached with air and he was coughing up some water. John was about to start swimming to the shore, but he saw the wheelchair on its side and noticed that Sherlock hadn't resurfaced yet.
"You ask me all the time," William sighed with an audible groan.
"John, you're an idiot," William said calming from his fit, "You don't take a bigger hit, you just have to control how much you release."
"Sorry, I didn't mean to weird you out," He apologised as he let the smoke through his mouth.
"Hey, I'm gonna do it," John said, attempting to French inhale and failing. William let out a laugh and slapped his knee.
"I dunno,"
'Dear young Gryffindor, John H Watson Jr,
"So, it was consensual, then?" Willam asked, clearing his throat, obviously uncomfortable with his own words. John only nodded. He tightened his lips as he felt his mouth growing drier by the moment. William nodded in agreement, then spoke up again to ask, "Did you, uh, you use a, uh...?" John understood what he meant, and he nodded along with muttering,
"We should get him into the castle," Hagrid said gruffly. John nodded and took off Jacob's jacket.
Snape stood in front of the class with his hands steepled almost like how Sherlock does it. Though Snape doesn't place them under his chin as Sherlock had been doing most of his life, he still highly respected the gestures and similarities the two possessed. It only meant that Sherlock was bound to be a great wizard and that he belonged in Slytherin...! They were to brew a 'Cure for Boils,' Sherlock wrote in his notebook. He already knew the basics of how to make it, but he was hoping that John would stop tapping his God-forsaken fingers so that he could catch the rest of the lesson.
"William Holmes?" Bill asked. "Uh, yeah, I remember him." He said as a laugh escaped his lungs.
Greg Lestrade came into the flat, his voice was heard by John as it can be assumed that he'd entered through the kitchen. "Giles, you've booked the same hotel for the three of us, haven't you?" Sherlock asked as he entered the sitting room.
"Honey, John's here!" She shouted with a smile. Harry walked up behind the brunette and kissed her cheek whilst looking out the door.
"Well, that's what you would've done if it weren't me, huh!?" John said on a Wednesday evening as John'd believed it to be true. William seemed to be pulling some kind of favouritism towards John. What John says sometimes and what he does, apparently left an impression on people that he was friendly to everyone now. People began to gravitate towards him within that week. William was being shown attention and he practically ran away from it. "Because you care for me way more than anyone else for some reason," John shouted.
"It's Christmas Eve, Sherlock," John said with a shrug, "You could come to my house; Dad usually passes out early on these kinds of days," John offered. Sherlock accepted without a second thought.
"I suppose, although, you mustn't complain about my complaining as I worked out for the first time in a long time, you see? And, I'm going to have a bit of pain tomorrow." John explained his condition, and William agreed a shade too quick for John's taste. John and William headed down for some lunch.
They ate sandwiches in the little tented area and talked. Victor taught Sherlock how to play Gobstones and he remembered the time John stood up for him.
"Your dad is right handed, and cut you with a pocket knife...?" William said, trying to get the age of the scar by brushing his other hand up and down the new skin.
One day the next week, John got home and found that his trunk was missing. It had all of his magical paraphernalia. He'd practically ransacked the house to find nothing in resemblance to his trunk. John had begun to fear the worst as his dad came home looking uncharacteristically satisfied with something.
"Christ, William!" He laughed as he lightly punched at the taller boy's shoulder. "Don't pass out on me, okay?" John was joking, but something in his eye told William that was a genuine concern.
"It's never your fault, John," William said, folding his hands as his elbows rested on his knees. Willliam's damp curls clung to his forehead, showing John that they were in fact long enough to cover his eyes as the rain came down harder.
"Let's face it, Sir," The doctor said as she was consulting him after Sherlock told her about the new student having an interest in him,
Sherlock got his punishment the next afternoon, though. Sherlock'd just gotten back from a class and Sebastian was there holding a new book Sherlock'd bought but not yet gotten the chance to read. Sherlock froze. There was another paper underneath the book Sebastian was holding. He wasn't reading the book itself.
"Ah, I prefer to text," He let out a groan. John looked up and said,
"Everyone matters, Sherlock," he said, "even you, even me, even your brother, Mycroft. Even if he doesn't deserve to, he does and that's just a fact,"
"Yeah," William quickly responded.
"Destiny, then?" John chuckled,
"Ahhh! John-!" William cried, then bit his lip to mask the noises.
"But, doesn't it matter that you're hurting people?" John asked, looking at him. Sherlock scoffed,
"I remember being able to walk after I left the library yesterday," Sherlock said, gritting his teeth, "One of those stupid students must've shoved me down the bloody  staircase!" Sherlock growled. John stopped, parked the chair, and walked out in front of the chair with his hands on his hips. Sherlock can't remember ever thinking this was cute before, but he sure as hell does, now!
"Mmm, nope. Still don't understand," John questioned, staring at the vile of liquid,
"I'm sorry, Sherlock! Can you forgive me!?" Victor cried, hugging onto Sherlock once more. A minute has passed and Sherlock just began laughing. Victor pulled back again, confused.
"Who's that, a member of his family?" John asked, making Sherlock stop out of surprise. His smile fell and he grunted, turning frustratedly away from John, who was left confused and a little annoyed. John tried to call after him but decided against barging into the Ravenclaw common room, just to ask who Jossy was. Instead, John went back to his own common room, where chaos ensued.
"Caring is a disadvantage, William," Mycroft said as he entered the boy's bedroom.
"Hey, Sherl," Jim said and they bumped their fists together like they used to. Jim took a step back with a light smile. "Wow, I have to say, blue kind of suits you, mate," he said with a wink. Sherlock let out a bitter, sarcastic laugh. "It does; brings out your eyes," Jim chuckled, scratching the back of his head. Sherlock smiled back.
"They weren't laughing at you, they were laughing at us," Victor chuckled. "They don't understand," Sherlock shyly nodded after a moment of quietness. Victor smiled, making Sherlock do the same, subconsciously. "Let's get to class, yeah?"
Five minutes after, William seemed to not care as much about partnering for the project as he made another insolent comment about how astronomy wasn't important. The Professor has had enough of him.
"Inconclusive," John shakily said. She nodded, then took his pulse, "It was one hundred and six when we found him, one thirty-two an hour later, then it dropped to eighty-five outside of Hagrid's hut," He gave. She told Jacob to grab the clipboard from her desk and hand it to John. John filled out what he noticed and left it blank where he didn't understand or didn't check.
"Oh, my," She gasped lightly, "is it a teacher?"  William's eyes went wide with horror, trying desperately to get rid of the mental image of him with any of his teachers,
A few days into his depressive streak, a perfect barged into his trunk and pulled him out by his robe. "Get the hell out of there!" He shouted as he shoved Sherlock into a wall. He shut the trunk and kicked it back under the bed. "I don't give a shit what you're feeling, Holmes; no one does!" Shouted the perfect. "No one gives a shit about other people, so why should you!?" He hummed in question. "Why the hell are you letting emotions get the best of you, dammit!? Try to appreciate what you do have for a change, yeah?" Sherlock felt terrible for a number of reasons, but having just been yanked out of a relatively warm, dark spot into a cold, early December morning was not helping.
"I'm running an errand," Sherlock quickly turned away, so John couldn't see the huge smile involuntarily spread cross his lips. John picked up his bag and slugged it over his shoulder with a huff.
"What's wrong with the landline," Mike asked, not bothering to look at the man.
"How does it feel? You'll be a free man when we wake up tomorrow," John said, smiling at his friend.
John smiled at the faint memory, which had left him wondering, 'What happened to him?'
"Freak," Sebastian snarled as he pushed him into the wall next to the door on his way in. William waited patiently. Well, as patiently as one with a case of clinical Asperger's can be at this point.
"I'm in the hospital wing at Hogwarts school for witchcraft and wizardry," He answered, rolling his eyes, but even that felt like too much.
"Hello, William," He greeted with a smile.
The following week wasn't as bad as it seemed it would be. Victor was actually acceptable company for Sherlock. He was smart and funny, patient and kind. Something only very few people has been towards Sherlock. It felt like Sherlock could trust Victor.
John looked the man's name up and found a website. John'd read through it and he was confused. This man is really smart and extraordinary. John decided to write about it on the new blog he's being forced to write. John couldn't help but include the charm Sherlock had to him. John had to know more about the man he'd be living with because let's face it, John was not going to say no to whatever cost of living with Sherlock. John thought Sherlock's mind is brilliant, his eyes are beautiful, and the man was overall pleasant to be around, although John got that deja vu feeling like he'd met Sherlock before.
John started the shower and stepped under the water. He mainly enjoyed the heat, scrubbing his face, hoping to maybe wipe the sight of Sherlock being attacked like that out of his memory. John ended up sobbing, his face in his hands, leaning against the wall in front of him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John ran to the rugby field, where he knew the Raider's would be held. John could see a small group, with no one else heading there, making John worry that he'd been late for the first day. As he got there, the group of kids were standing there. One boy walked up and patted John's back.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"First, I'm not more important than school, you idiot!" Sherlock laughed, contorting his face in slight pain at the end. "Second, I'm fine, Victor," Sherlock forced his aching legs to move as he moved them over the edge of the bed. Victor grabbed Sherlock's crutches and handed them to Sherlock, helping him up only to be rejected by the boy, who wanted to do it himself. Needed to do it himself. "If we hurry, we can make it to dinner," Sherlock said, sighing at the thought of a relaxing meal to fill his stomach. Victor smiled and nodded.
"Look, he's an old friend, okay? It was a misunderstanding and he knows it," Jim said, trying to push by John, but John wouldn't budge so easily. His adrenaline was still buzzing through his veins, making him push Jim back harder than necessary. Jim narrowed his eyes.
"What's your name?" John asked. The teen straightened up quickly and seemed to tense up. "It's William. William Sherlock Scott Holmes," the teen muttered, looking to the floor.
"You're in the same house," John said as he looked up at Sherlock, who faced forward with a stone-cold expression.
"You hugged?" Bill asked.
"I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt," John said, his smirk just audible for Harold to hear. "I've got eyes; who should I Bluejack first?" He asked as he saw the three of them walking from the air terminal.
"John," Sherlock breathed. John bent down to pick up the empty bin and looked at Sherlock. He offered a hand to Sherlock, who accepted it. John pulled Sherlock to his feet, standing close to catch the boy if his legs gave again. Sherlock let his eyebrows furrow. "Y-your face,"
"I thought that was in the past, but..." Sherlock chuckled, taking a bite of his food.
"Yes!?" Sherlock looked plenty anxious, distraught as if he had no idea what this kind of contact even was, which was true.
"Mr Reese, come back immediately; we may have an issue," Finch's voice sounded worried. John took one last picture before switching his phone over to call Lionel.
"No, I-that's not," Joh struggled, "That's not what I meant; This isn't what I wanted!" He shouted over dramatically.
"Thank you," He said, sliding the top half up to send the text. John just looked at him. "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"C'mon, mate. I just want to make sure he's okay," Jim said, not really trying to put up a fight. But, John be damned if he was going to let him of all people near Sherlock. Not after all he'd done to the poor boy. John snarled,
Victor's eyes widened. Then, his own face flushed, "D-did you want this to be a date?" Victor turned away, but Sherlock could still see the smile forming on his lips. Sherlock nodded shyly, making Victor swallow. The Hufflepuff boy looked at Sherlock and nodded, "A-alright, then," determinedly, "then, this is a date,"
"I should give it a look," John said.
"John, I get it," She offered a calm, gentle smile, "everyone feels like they don't belong in a new environment,"
"Is he there?" John asked, starting to panic,
"Hey," John said, snapping William out of his gaze, "I'll survive; I promise," John said, reaching his hand up to clear William's tears. William stayed quiet. He'd let his head give to one side, leaning himself into his friend's loving touch, closing his eyes as he was in a comforting state of mind.
"You're a genius, Will," John practically sang as he ruffled a hand through his friend's curls. William ducked his head and chuckled.
"Oh, was he okay when you pushed him into the lake, then?" John asked, noticing Jim's wince, "Or, when you lured him out, lied to him, to the forbidden forest with your friends, and attacked him? Tell me, Jim, was he okay after that!? Was he fucking okay when you hazed him!?" Jim was giving John a look of warning.
"You'll do anything for the case, won't you?" Lestrade asked lowly, disappointed.
The grunts and wretching continued violently behind them. John was the first one to the scene, dropping his wand and everything, sliding on his knees to meet the suffering, convulsing pre-teen with shaking hands as he basically coughed up slugs. John illuminated his wand's end and pried one of Sherlock's eyes open,
"Foreign?" John hummed, "Then, why would they show up in the machine that monitors America's threat levels?" He asked, causing Harold to sigh again.
Once Sherlock had collected himself and stored the many names into his brain, which had increased its recent 'document space,' since the... event.
"Excuse me?" She said, laying an indignant hand to her chest in feigned surprise, "I have you know that I am a pure-breed Slytherin with endless potential, unlike you two, Mud-blood and reject," she laughed. John growled in his throat. His hands shook and his face almost matched his robe's secondary colours in frustration.
Sherlock spent a day debating on whether or not he should go and check on John. He didn't have permission to sneak off campus, but then again, it's not sneaking if you have permission, nor is it exciting. That settled it. Since Sherlock had nothing better to do, he would go, tomorrow, to central London. He really hoped Mrs Hudson still had that block of flats.
"Hey, freak. Only be in here to use the equipment, not stare at your crushes." A voice from behind him snarled.
"It's Sherlock, right?" Harry asked, letting a smirk slip to her lips.
"How the hell do you do the dragon thing?" John asked after another one of William's French inhaling.
"I've tried," John said, reaching a hand up to point awkwardly behind him to a bucket with his regurgitated attempts at eating floating in twenty millilitres of water to dilute the acids.
"You belong at Hogwarts with me," John smiled, looking down.
After his dinner, John went back to his dorm, just to pop in to grab a textbook for his astronomy class, which was next. Sebastian grunted a greeting as John ran in and out of the dorm, not even looking up from the project he was still working on his desk. John wondered why he even needed his astronomy knowledge to become a doctor as he walked over the threshold into the lecture room to see the front half of it was made for lab experiments, which a familiar figure stood alone, methodically brushing his fingers on the different pieces of equipment. He sighed as more people came in and sat down in his seat. John decided not t bother William this time around since he looked a bit down. John didn't like seeing William like this. John didn't know why, but he just didn't like it.
John opened the door and cast the cleaning spell to the house, "Sorry, don't mind the mess," he said, stepping around shattered glass picking itself up to pile up on the counter as they entered through the back of the small, shack-like house. "Reparo," John muttered, pointing his wand to the pile and walked right past as it repieced itself into an empty bottle.
"But why didn't he just stay with us?" Hamish whimpered. "I don't like the look you get..." He clung to John, sniffling. "You and Papa are going away? Where will I be?"
"More? Already? Okay, only if you're sure." Sherlock, grinned as he slid in a second finger. He thrust his fingers in and out of John, very slowly at first his own little way of teasing him. He was rewarded with tiny thrusts of John's hips and pure unadulterated physical responses.
"C-could be..." John forced out. "Amnesia... Might be temporary..." He closed his eyes for a long time and took five deep breaths, counting slowly as he did. Victor could do nothing but watch as all of the sorrow he'd been feeling - all of that terrible emotion of knowing that Sherlock didn't feel the same ran through John like ice water in his veins. "With a smack that hard to the head... What happened? How did he fall?" John buttoned up his shirt. Victor couldn't even begin to understand how easily John forced his emotion from his voice. How his face was only full of sorrow for a moment before becoming blank. He wanted to move to him, to hold him or do something that would comfort him from the terror that was inside his body. John meanwhile was fighting a wave of terror that threatened to destroy him.
For imaging purposes - we used James McAvoy as the actor for Victor.
"I would
"I'm not a baby, John. You can leave me alone for a minute." He promised his lover with a reassuring smile. Sherlock rested his head against the cool tile shower and closed his eyes as John left to get his things, enjoying the cool sensation of the tile against his skin. But he heard his phone buzz in the bedroom and it made him realize he hadn't checked his phone since the night before. On shaking legs he walked into the bedroom and sat down on the bed to check the messages. His heart stopped once he saw that all the messages he had were from the same person.
"I think he stopped following me when I jumped off the stairs," He panted. Jacob's eyes widened considerably.
John's back ached severely as he began pulling the boy through the path they took to get to the scene. Every now and then, he'd look down at Sherlock to whisper and try to coax him through what he was going through. John couldn't even possibly imagine!
"Oi!" Hagrid shouted in his gruff and low voice. There were whispers and a few last, scattered chants as the grass and dirt crunched beneath the retreating perpetrators' feet. Most of them were laughing, while some first-years were worrying about what would happen if they get caught. Hagrid flashed his lantern at the quick group of kids behind the trees as he stopped in front of the two Gryffindor boys. John quickly turned and threw up, making Jacob sigh as if relenting to whatever punishment was coming their way.
Sherlock did as he said he was, he listened. John talked and he stayed quiet. John had a lot to say and he looked scared to say a lot of it as if someone would shout at and discipline him for saying it,
The first class of his first day, medicinal science. John sat in with the crowd, in the middle. He was tired from the somehow exhausting train ride, he didn't even feel like unpacking his things, so he just took a notebook, pencil, and highlighter from his trunk and walked to the classroom. It was designed like a university lecture room, which intimidated him a bit at first, however, as he walked in, he'd laid his eyes on what could possibly be the most beautiful young woman in all of creation. John carefully played his cards right, walking over to her and asking for a seat in her company. She giggled and nodded, smiling.
"Kid, you were only but in college when that murder happened," The officer scoffed as he leaned back in the chair.
"Oi!" Sherlock snapped, looking offended, making John jump from his thoughts with a blush to his face, "less creepy daydreaming, more writing!" He commanded. John only nodded, switching hands to continue with smooth penmanship.
"What!? No! That was never the case, Bill! You have got to believe me; I swear it!" John sputtered out, flustered at the thought of the two of them being in the slightest bit intimate between them.
Sherlock stared at the riding crop for a minute or so, thinking about how wonderful it was to see John, but then he realised: 'I'd just winked at John Watson!?' He thought in panic. He quickly brought the riding crop to his side, causing it to make a whip sound as it cut through the air.
Sherlock was done in no time, receiving a text from his brother following the one he ignored earlier that day. Sherlock relented with a sigh, quickly pulling his mobile from his Belstaff pocket.
"So, what's this about the painting being fake?" William asked, whilst they were walking down the hallway, to an unknown place in particular. John opened his notebook and read aloud what he wrote.
"Not next to me." John cocked an eyebrow.
Sherlock hobbled back to Ravenclaw, hoping to see John at least at lunch. The boy didn't show any signs of illness yesterday. As Sherlock stood at the door to Ravenclaw house, he saw a white rectangle. It was an envelope. "It's for you, the blonde said so this morning," The doorknock announced. Sherlock inspected the envelope and picked it from behind the raven's head. He opened it and began to unfold the paper.
"You don't need to know," William said, sighing as he reclined back.
"Mrs Hudson!" He called, banging on the floor of the flat. The man entered the room, bewildered and alert as he brought the woman behind him by her arm in a protective stance. When Sherlock finally stood, he coughed some more and brushed off his jumper and trousers of the soot and dust to no avail and was met with the end of a knife. The boy cocked an eyebrow at the man and laughed. "Cunfundus," He muttered with a blow of air for dramatic effect, which magically pushed the man not too far away from Sherlock, who ruffled his hair and headed out with an indecent pep to his step. "Popping out, don't wait up," He waved goodbye and shut the door behind him.
"Excuse me," Snape's voice interjected into the heated, venom- laced conversation, "what's the meaning of this loud nonsense?" He asked harshly.
"Yes, It's small and meant for only one person, so it's perfect," William said as he hung up his coat behind the door. William took off his vest and unbuttoned his collar-up shirt. John only took off his coat and shoes at the door. He sat down on William's bed next to him.
"Oh, here it is. According to this, you were also mentioned in the confession of Sebastian Moran." Sherlock was walking before he had the time to think about it; before he even had a plan. When Sherlock had reached the boy, Sebastian was beginning to look frightened. "Admit it," He said, "Admit you were involved,"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"You're 'William'!?" Mike shouted. Mike began to bounce up and down on is feet excitedly.
Though Sherlock felt like shit by the time he'd gone to bed, he felt worse when he walked down to the common room. There was another first year, who was arguing with what seemed to be arguing with a third-year in front of a telly that Sherlock didn't remember being there last night.
"Harriet, but yeah,"
"Girlfriend, no," William said, focusing on the horizon as he did, "not really my area, to be honest." Which seemed to take John aback a bit.
"So, you been sick lately?" Mike asked as John closed the charms book and now carried it under his arm.
'Wait, what's going on?' Mike mouthed back, further furrowing his brows, knitting them together. John stood back up with a sigh and he stood closer to Sherlock than he could've ever hoped, looking into Sherlock's eyes with a smile.
John sat down at his bed and unfolded the paper that Jossy had written on. John quickly took out a parchment and regular click-pen. John wrote the name, house, and year down. He quickly flipped it over and wrote the note of him finding Jossy, who was on a team of some sort and how he'd been, admittedly, daft. John also stressed the importance of being more careful when he goes to meet this kid. He'd mentioned all of the warnings that Jossy gave. John will hand it off to Sherlock tomorrow morning during History of Magic class.
They soon we're dispersed to find their houses. John spent little time socializing. He went to bed early, just lying there as he repeated the words in his mind.
Soon enough, but not soon enough, in John's opinion, Christmas holiday had begun and John was stuck at home... great! As John rest his head on the sill of the fogged up window, he couldn't help but once more, thinking about what Sherlock was doing. Was he going home for winter, or was his father still being a prick? John chuckled at the thought of Sherlock smiling proudly in Ravenclaw attire, whilst the other members cloak themselves in miserableness for the cheerful holiday. John's dad shouted for John to get his paper. John sighed, rolling his eyes, making his way to the door. John opened the front door, looking to the snow-covered ground, but heard a soft crunch and looked up.
"Yeah, whatever, mate."
"Will," John said, causing the tall boy's head to snap up, revealing an expression of almost grief, "Hey, what's wrong?" John asked, hurrying to William's side, sitting next to him on the bed.
