“Vatican cameos?” John echoed, and Sherlock rolled his eyes but nodded. John looked at him, waiting for the punchline. “Why Vatican cameos?” he asked when none was forthcoming.
Sherlock’s eyes stuttered through a blink, his mouth falling loose for a moment before he abruptly sat up, perching his elbows on his knees as he folded his legs. “Why do you care?” he nearly snapped, his forehead furrowing.
Sherlock looked up through his eyelashes, the nausea that had abated with John’s presence returning with the memory. “He-He gave me…some. A vial,” he added quickly, realizing the possible misinterpretation.
“Thou told'st me they were stolen unto this wood; and here am I, and wode within this wood, because I cannot meet my Hermia.”
“I can’t imagine why.” He pushed the door open, ushering John in ahead of him, the man halfway through flapping off his coat when Sherlock turned back from locking the door. “Stop that,” he snapped, trying to free John’s arms from the sleeves, “before you break something.”
“The doctor said whatever he needed to say to get you off the phone at 3am,” John bit, and Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “I don’t need a fucking shoulder brace, Sherlock, and I’m not wearing it!”
“Well, I’d like to teach primary school,” she said, her hand slipping off the railing as they reached the bottom of the stairs, “so I’ll have to know everything.” She laughed and veered down a corridor to the left, and John followed her even though he had to go the opposite direction.
Not that anyone was required to say much of anything in the presence of Lord Chaplin, who interrupted at every possible turn to regale them with anecdotes of Jeanette’s accomplishments while she dropped her gaze to shift penne around her plate. All fathers were proud of their daughters, Sherlock supposed, but most managed to brag without sounding like they were hawking prized cattle, the conversation somehow becoming a medical history as the entree plates were cleared away.
“Thank you,” he said softly, so softly, he thought for a moment his brother hadn’t heard him, but then Mycroft paused in putting on his overcoat, looking down the few inches to Sherlock’s face with an expression he didn’t think he’d seen in years.
“We’re at your flat,” Sherlock explained, and Irene sat up with a sigh, tucking her hair behind her ears and gathering her purse up off the floor.
John returned the gesture, throwing in a nod for added assurance of his sincerity, and then looked past him to the box, pointing down at it as he mercifully rolled the conversation on and away. “Be careful when you move that one,” he remarked. “It’s got your whole library in it. Nearly crushed my fingers.”
“I can- I can do that,” he murmured, rolling a hand down at the tape in Sherlock’s fingers. “If you want. I mean, if you don’t-”
“You’re supposed to be wearing your shoulder brace,” he muttered, curls bouncing almost comically against his frustrated brow. “The doctor said-”
He closed his fingers around her small, frail ones, giving them a small shake. “Pleasure to meet you, ma’am.”
Victor chuckled, shaking his head with patronizing fondness. “Oh, Sherlock,” he mused, reaching across the table to flick the file closed, the detective gaping down in affront at the motion, apparently too stunned to react as the blond snapped the folder up, leaning around the table to toss it down onto the floor near Sherlock’s bag. “You really don’t know anything about the law, do you?”
“It’s fine,” John interjected, shaking his head at the cups before turning around, meeting Sherlock’s befuddled gaze for as brief a moment as his extraocular muscles would allow. “I understand. And, regardless,” he added, moving closer to Sherlock’s side of the counter, though he kept his eyes downcast, focusing on the bottles of caramel and chocolate he busied himself with checking the levels of, “it’s not as if it was a
Sherlock lifted a brow. “Are you?” he deadpanned, John dipping a very serious nod before facing forward once more.
Sherlock was silent a moment, and John used the few seconds to breathe, trying to ease the trembling in his fingers as he closed the cover on the machine. “You’re angry with me,” the detective murmured, and it wasn’t a question, so John didn’t answer, just blinked at his reflection in the hammered copper of the espresso machine. “Is it-Is it the seeing someone thing?” the man supposed, and John further turned his back, his fingers trailing down the ridges of a stack of paper cups just a hair too fast to actually be counting them. “Because I didn’t- I mean, Victor- He didn’t mean anything by it, and I-I wasn’t sure- I didn’t want to presume-”
“To kill him,” John replied, stopping Sherlock short on the stairs, his eyes wide as he watched John take his heavy black jacket from its hook. “I’m gonna strangle him with his own bloody Burberry scarf,” he added with a snarl, and Sherlock smiled fondly at the back of his head, shaking his own down at the last few stairs.
“Ethiopian,” John answered, and Sherlock’s fingers fumbled the sugar packet he was pouring as he snorted, dropping the whole thing into his coffee. “Shit, I’m sorry!” John spluttered, but Sherlock just laughed, plucking the floating wrapper out of the cup with two fingertips.
“Shh!” John hissed, pressing firmly against Sherlock mumbling mouth, and the man looked as if he was considering biting him again when a jet of white light shot up the gap between the buildings ahead of them, illuminating the spot they had been standing seconds before.
She took it, albeit with a very tentative grip. “Molly Hooper,” she replied, smiling brightly before pulling her hand back. Her eyes widened suddenly, her mouth dropping open. “
“I’d always known I was attractive,” she continued, leaning further back in the chair, entirely at ease now, “and, with the right words in the right place at the right time, I never had any trouble getting what I wanted. It started out small, just flirting my way into some rich guy’s good graces long enough to store up some cash, but then one of them asked me to be his date to a gala. Arm candy, bought and paid for.” She shrugged a single shoulder, smiling somewhat shyly at him. “I’ll admit, I was a little insulted at first—the stigma, ya know?—but then I realized, I didn’t have to
A drawer closed with a muffled thump, the under sink cupboard creaking open right after, a gentle reminder that John would be back any moment, and Sherlock dropped his head to the floor as he took another bite of the bakewell, frowning in thought while he chewed.
Mrs. Hudson beamed at him, beckoning him to follow her into the kitchen. She pulled a fan of takeaway menus out of a drawer, scanning through the titles before plucking one free and dropping it into his hands.
“Well, I should hope not!” she urged, crossing her arms as she smirked. “So, what’s 24 in bisexual years?”
“Not for her, of course,” Greg continued, shuffling to the edge of his seat. “I’m hoping to obtain your services for her son, the crown prince. Or, well, he will be. If he’s engaged by Christmas.”
“Nothing,” he replied, snapping the half-book shut as he added it to the pile. “How’d you figure out the PIN?”
John sat up, reaching behind him to grab a pillow, and then nudged at Sherlock’s shoulder. “Hey,” he prompted, tugging at the fabric of Sherlock’s sweatshirt, “move over. You’ll fall off the edge over there.”
Afraid to even put the envelope in his backpack lest a pencil somehow puncture his uneaten yogurt and smear strawberry banana all over John’s jagged handwriting, he clutched it in front of him, pressing it against his chest as he raced out the doors, grateful that the rain was at least holding off long enough for him to make it to where his mother’s car waited in the long line of parents.
Sherlock blinked owlishly at him, heat prickling up his neck, and then he staggered a step back, forcing himself to move as John smile began turning smug. “Right,” he croaked, clearing his throat as he backed away. “I’ll, um- I’ll just-” He bobbed a thumb behind him, no idea what he was going to say next, but John didn’t seem to mind, laughing and smiling at him like he were the most brilliant thing in the world.
“So you can break laws while you solve crimes,” John supposed, and Sherlock tipped his head, acknowledging the point.
“S’ not time,” he mumbled into the mattress, lips scraping against Sherlock’s sheets as he attempted to squint up at him in the light.
“At a coffee shop downtown,” John replied, carefully avoiding looking at Sherlock as he continued, not wanting to give anything away. “Corner of Pierce and James.”
“Well, yeah,” John admitted with a tip of his head as he attempted to close the distance between them again, “but that was before.”
Sherlock’s eyes twitched wider in response. It was not often Sherlock Holmes found himself surprised at the behavior of another person. Usually he knew what they were going to do before they themselves did, but John Watson appeared to be an exception, the only exception to date.
“Because I got dumped,” he said, finding the direct approach often the easiest, and not taking John as the prevaricating type. “It was…difficult,” Sherlock expounded, not quite sure why he did, either John or the wine siphoning away his normal discomfort with the topic.
“Peas,” he muttered, leaning back to bounce against the booth. “You complain about corn being in your teeth for days.”
The man was wearing white trainers and dark jeans, his hands protruding from the sleeves of a thin sapphire jumper, and he still looked like the sun came up every morning just to shine on him, although, at the moment, it was the rain’s turn, the waning storm leaving droplets in his curls as they bounced with his hurried steps.
John didn’t move, completely still as he allowed Sherlock to adjust to the full length of him, but Sherlock could feel the tension in his muscles, even his breathing tight with restraint. Still, though his fingers shook, he ran a gentle hand down Sherlock thigh, turning his chin to drop a splatter of kisses as low as he could stretch, and Sherlock closed his eyes, focusing on the warmth of John’s skin as he blew out a breath.
John didn’t answer, his usual reaction to Sherlock’s not-a-questions, and his eyes did not waver from Victor’s retreating head, even as Sherlock turned back to look at him.
John smiled, shaking his head. “No,” he said, slipping his hands into his pockets as Sherlock gathered the file off the grass. “It’s kind of fascinating, actually. What you do.” He began ambling back toward the school, Sherlock falling into stride next to him. “And besides,” he continued with a smirk, “how will you ever find clues without me to conduct your brilliance?”
John chuckled, shaking his head fondly as he chanced a glance at the man. “You really do think you know everything, don’t you?” he teased, and Sherlock smiled, albeit frailly.
This was important to John—for whatever ridiculous, sentimental reason—and Sherlock, eternally weak against anything John Watson wanted, only managed to sigh. “Fine,” he grumbled, but couldn’t manage to feel as annoyed as he sounded when those damned blue eyes lit up like that. He rolled his eyes, a final gesture of defiance, and then closed them, turning his attention instead to listening. Without anything to go on, however, it was difficult to interpret the sounds—a sort of rustling rattle that shifted into the room with John’s steps.
Turning away from the fire, he looked to Sherlock, watching as the detective reached across to pluck up the cards, brow furrowing in displeasure as he scanned through them himself. John smiled wistfully, watching the firelight flit across Sherlock’s eyes as he stared hard down at the cards, as if he could change them with his mind. Maybe John was still feeling a bit dizzy.
“Mr. Curtis said his wife lost her newer hair dryer at a hotel they were staying at a week before her death,” the man rattled on, glancing up the side of the building before nudging John closer to the wall, “but what if it wasn’t lost; what if he stole it, knowing she would have to resort to using her much older model? According to their mutual friends, this dinner had been planned for
A shrill squeal pierced through the door, and he started, snapping his head to the sound in time to see a young girl with bright blond curls race past, a broad smile on her face as she turned over her shoulder to make sure the dark-haired boy on her heels didn’t get too far behind.
“You didn’t,” he muttered, his eyes just as frantic as his voice when Sherlock looked up. “Sherlock, tell me you didn’t. Tell me you didn’t!”
“-and coming in in your last year? Must be a sport scholarship, but the ink residue on your fingers, in conjunction with the recent paper cut on your left thumb, suggest you’ve been doing a lot of reading recently, probably familiarizing yourself with your schoolbooks, so your real focus is academics.”
did you say!?” Lestrade interjected, his chair flying back into the wall in front of them as he leapt up from it, his back blocking Ethan from view.
“That is certainly a word,” Mrs. Hudson laughed. “Well, I suppose you’re headed to lunch. Sally should have everything ready in another ten minutes or so.”
Sherlock blinked, frowning a moment before his lips twitched in an aborted smile that looked like it might’ve become fond. “As a matter of fact,” he said, coat spiraling around him as he spun forward once more, “I don’t.”
John frowned, tilting his head down at him. “You alright?” he asked, looking between Sherlock and the window, which he had been staring out of.
Irene’s eyes widened, his words seeming to invoke more pity than the anger he was hoping for, so he looked away, glaring at his reflection in the pane of the window as he turned his face from her gaze. “Is that what happened?” she asked after a time, her voice too gentle to stay angry in the presence of, and he sighed, closing his eyes as he hung his head.
It was barely a whisper, and yet Sherlock winced, recoiling from the—accurate, far too accurate—assumption as he jerked his eyes to the wall.
“Yeah, I’ve heard of you,” Rob said as their hands disengaged. “You work with that Sherlock Holmes guy, right?”
“No,” John snapped, his head quivering at the wall, jaw set and eyes focused firmly off of Sherlock. “Don’t say that. Don’t you even
“Yes, well, lucky for you, the lasers than instantly incinerate anyone not wearing a nametag aren’t working today,” John replied, responding to Sherlock’s icy look with a bright grin as he grabbed the man’s arm again, pulling him across the threshold.
“You can’t know that,” he interjected, snapping his face up, and John blinked, eyes darting between his. “You can’t.” He dropped his gaze away, bending his legs to pull his knees up in front of him as he rested his chin on the hard bones.
“Ah.” He swallowed just to busy his mouth, hovering his lips over the liquid to appear occupied as long as possible.
Sherlock snorted, John chuckling as he looked back to the fire, and they fell into a comfortable silence, punctuated only by the occasional sip and swallow of tea.
Victor’s lips parted, then closed, a swallow bobbing down his throat as he scanned their surroundings. “I- I broke up with Seth,” he said, dropping his voice.
time?” John bemoaned, Émile chuckling as they reset in the center, Sherlock moving into position between them.
John diverted his gaze to the ceiling, unable to meet the naked sincerity in Sherlock’s eyes. “What do you need me to be honest about?” he grumbled, licking his drying lips. “You’ve got my entire life in one of those folders of yours, I’m sure.” In the corner of his eye, he saw Sherlock shake his head, an exasperated sigh whispering out of him.
John didn’t reply a long moment, hoping Sherlock could see his glare just as clearly as he could see Sherlock smirk. “You are seriously going to inhibit my productivity today,” he finally said, and Sherlock laughed, pushing off the window to face him directly. “I mean it. I’ll end up with third-degree burns or something.”
“Who doesn’t?” John joked, chuckling as Sherlock glared. “It’s the motto of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers,” he explained, looking down his nose toward the tattoo. “Or it was when my grandfather served, at least. He was in World War II.”
“No,” Sherlock spluttered, feeling his lips move, but his voice was beyond recognition, the reedy desperation foreign to his ears.
The generic black outline figure used to document specific wounds was a mess of arrows, crosshatches, and cramped handwriting, the section devoted to listing them in no prettier a state.
Sherlock was quiet a long moment, John holding his breath while he listened to the dancer’s. “You-You would do that?” he finally asked, and John smiled, a fond warmth growing in his chest at the man’s hesitant voice.
John turned, watching the tall blond man approach in an impeccably tailored grey suit that he would need to take out another loan to even dream of being able to afford. He was wearing a white shirt with a pale blue tie, a large black briefcase swinging from his hand, and, as he strode past Sherlock, not even so much as looking at him as he dropped into his chair with a heavy sigh, John could feel the air strain with Sherlock’s effort not to meet his eyes.
Suddenly, a hand closed on his wrist, tugging him out of the circle of his teammates and nearly sending him toppling over the bench. His mouth dropped as he looked up, now entirely sure he was in some sort of bizarre dream.
“We will,” the man replied, wrenching open another drawer, “as soon as I find his mobile.” He lifted out a stack of folders, shuffling through the multicolored layers before tossing the lot over his shoulder with a cavalier flick of his wrist, and John rushed forward with a cry that sounded more like a chain-smoking cat than a person.
“No,” John bit back, folding his arms, “I think you’ll get tired or fall or something, be too stubborn to admit you couldn’t do it on your own, and they’ll be chiseling your body out of the ice in 70 years.”
“I think you do,” John countered, frustration giving way to calm certainty, and Sherlock snapped his face up, staring at him with wide eyes a moment before he could collect himself enough to glare.
“One week,” he countered, Sherlock rolling his eyes in reluctant acceptance. “If it’s not working by then, we’ll just…make do.” He shrugged hopelessly, shaking his head, and Sherlock glanced at Molly, heaving a heavy sigh at the pity in her eyes.
John, of course, took full advantage, arm wrapping around Sherlock’s waist as he snapped their hips together, a startled gasp whistling between their mouths as Sherlock realized just how much this supposed lust had taken over his body. John’s fingers were promptly in his hair, sending a shiver up Sherlock’s spine he didn’t think he could remotely be blamed for. “I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John panted between frantic kisses, “but, if this is the result, I’m afraid I’m gonna do that all the time.” He swiped his tongue over Sherlock’s bottom lip, sucking the moan from his mouth as he latched their lips together again, and Sherlock just gave up, control hardly the most important thing in the world, really.
John garbled meaninglessly, cutting him off with the frustrated sound just as a cabbie rounded a corner down the road. Stepping to the curb, John flung a hand out, and was fairly certain Sherlock must have slipped him something to cause the hallucination of the black car actually pulling toward them. He stared, mouth gaping a little, and turned to find Sherlock equally surprised, although he quickly hid it. “Woah,” John murmured as the cab came to a stop in front of them, his stunned face reflected in the shining metal. He looked down at his attire, fingers clutching idly at the edges of the wool. “Coat, you think?”
Rob Morgan, aka Sebastian Moran: the obvious choice for the mole in Scotland Yard, considering Irene’s description, and the man John was currently attempting to chase down, for the love of
“And what were you going to do!?” John shot back, rounding on him. “Let him spell out my middle name too?”
He sighed again, hating himself for how bad he was at denial. It was far too common a frailty of consciousness for him to bother with normally, but he dearly wished he could delude himself now, because he knew exactly what had happened in that shooting range.
John wasn’t at his regular help desk, that being far too simple, so he ran floor-to-floor across the library, note clutched in his hand, startling the few people mad enough to be there on a Saturday afternoon. Finally, rounding a corner on the third floor, he spotted him, an unmistakable glint of gold peeking out from behind a computer screen, and he set his jaw, stomping up to the counter and slamming the page down on the surface.
John was quiet a long time, the only sound the steady drag and hiss of his breathing. “Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked, broken and desperate, and Sherlock turned away, shoulders rolling up as he winced. “I could’ve helped you, I-I
He had thought John was dead, after all. Had he made plans, sculpted out a new John-less life for himself once Moriarty was taken care of? Would he leave, start anew someplace far away with streets John had never walked and corners he would never be around?
John heaved in air, coughing a bit as his breathing levelled out. “Only a little,” he grinned, wiping at his eyes as he rolled back upright, legs bent out to the side as he steadied himself with an arm.
“I’ll meet you downstairs, Your Royal Highness,” he tossed over his shoulder, grabbing the doorknob in one hand and spinning around to drop a bow in the closing gap, John left glaring at a blank slab of wood as the door clicked shut.
He heard a chair scrape to his left, knowing instinctively it was John. He had a tendency to fidget when aggravated.
“Hmm?” Sherlock lifted his head, looking up from the blue-grey carpet of John’s floor he’d been absentmindedly picking at.
“I have to,” John urged, matching Sherlock’s retreat with a forward step, even as his face looked physically pained with the effort. “I
John hadn’t told him the password, but he seemed to have assumed Sherlock would figure it out because, after only two tries, Sherlock was typing in ‘ihopeyouaskedfirst’ and clicking the internet icon on John’s desktop.
Sherlock laughed, and John beamed, and Molly, as Sherlock made the mistake of looking at her, glanced between them, a suspicion growing in her slowly narrowing eyes.
American accent Sherlock had ever heard, and Sherlock could barely give the cabbie the address through his laughter.
His hand lifted to his head, the newspaper hat crinkling beneath his touch as he ensured its safety, and hastily thrust his key into the lock, flinging open the door and startling Mycroft where he sat reading in a chair in the sitting room.
And it was also kind of brilliant, however strange and borderline creepy, but he snatched up his mobile anyway, grabbing with his clean left hand as he sucked the sugar dust from his right.
John then paused, turning that inquisitive look onto Sherlock, and his inside wriggled, incredibly disquieted at knowing what that felt like from the other side. “You have no idea who these people are, do you?” John asked like he already knew.
“But he must know Sherlock has it,” John contested. “How would he not notice that much money disappearing?”
“Someone gave him this idea, told him how to commit this murder, but I suspect the execution was entirely Michael Parker’s. The other person would have been much too smart to leave a window open,” he muttered, scowling in disdain, as if the stupidity of London’s murderous masses personally offended him.
Prince John was staring down at his plate, moving the parsley garnish around with the prongs of his fork, a storm cloud all but literally building over his head as static sparked through the air.
“Thanks for the ride,” he muttered, and then yanked his arm away, seizing the advantage of John’s horror-delayed reactions to slam the door in his face.
He tapped the call to a close, leaping from the chair as he searched around the living room for his jumper, the weather far too cold to venture out into with only his t-shirt. The emerald garment remained elusive, however, and he snarled, running his hand back through his hair in frustration. It was then he caught sight of a flash of red on the sofa, the rugby sweatshirt John had offered him last night, and he sighed, shaking his head as he stared it down.
Sherlock grinned, and then picked one, plucking up a cardboard box by the handles and setting it down at the opposite end of the table with a heavy metal-leg-rattling thump. He began unloading the files and bags, brow creased thoughtfully as he occasionally stopped to flip through some of the pages, and John watched him with a listless smile for a while before turning to his own supplies, pulling his shoulder bag open in front of him as he gingerly removed his laptop.
Sherlock had clearly been pacing, but he froze now, his chrome-green eyes wide as they looked over John’s, shock and a flicker of concern flashing through them. He was standing across the room, half-turned to the doorway, one arm crossed over his body, the other hovering where his hand had just slipped off his chin in aborted thought. The window was directly behind him, the bright lights inside the laboratory reflecting the interior scene against the dark glass, and, as John caught sight of his reflection, Sherlock’s expression suddenly made much more sense.
“No, then you won’t be in it,” John snapped, and Sherlock could tell this was a battle probably already lost.
“I won’t!” Sherlock interjected, spinning back. “I told you, I’ll call Mycroft. I’ll take care of it.”
John dropped his chin, lifting his brows at the man. “I left it in the car,” he explained, smirk growing on  his face. “Mum,” he added, continuing toward the door, pushing it open just as Mike caught up to elbow him in the arm.
Sherlock glared at him a moment longer, and then rolled his eyes, swiping the pills and water from John’s grip.
“You mean a lab,” John did not ask, chuckling when Sherlock tucked a smile into the duvet. “Wouldn’t you need water for that though?”
“John!?” Sherlock spouted, red-faced and glaring, but John couldn’t feel anything remotely close to ashamed.
me here?” He rounded on them, challenging the men with his eyes. “Because love doesn’t really work with unwilling participants.”
“Course not, dear,” the woman said to his back, and Sherlock was too tired to argue, hobbling up the stairs and letting Mrs. Hudson guide him to the sofa. “There we go,” she soothed, draping the blanket over his body and tucking it around his feet. “I’ll get you some water.” She patted him twice on the shoulder before leaving for the kitchen, returning soon after with a tall glass of water that was suddenly the most beautiful thing Sherlock had ever seen. “Easy, now,” she said, combing a hand through his hair as he gulped down the first swallow. “Small sips, dear, small sips.”
Sherlock laughed, clutching at his sides as he lowered the ball in his grip, carefully leaning to the side to drop it onto the bed.
“Don’t,” she interjected, raising a palm and looking a little more normal. “You’re not sorry, and I don’t need your pity.”
“John, John, calm down,” Mycroft urged, and John heard himself laughing without any real awareness, a strangled sound of high-pitched hysteria.
“Mr. Watson, please,” he interjected, and a shiver ran down John’s spine at the cool venom in those words, although the man’s tone hardly rose at all. “Get in the car.”
“I’ll let you know when I’m done,” he said. “Although, you’re gonna have to text me first,” he added, eyes dropping away a moment before he lifted his phone in the air. “I still don’t have your number.”
“Is it because I told her about my aunt? Because I would’ve told you, it just didn’t seem like the kind of thing-”
He looked up, wondering why he always got dragged into these things. All he wanted to do was add his butter and eat in peace.
“Well, Mr. Lestrade,” he sighed, moving around his desk, “it seems I am overruled.” He smiled, extending a hand, Greg’s eyes lighting up like Carnaby Street. “You have yourself a matchmaker.”
Irene was brought on as a full partner, bringing in a small mountain of a contract Sherlock had blindly thumped to the last page of and signed. “Are you mad?” she’d railed, watching him, her mouth hanging open. “You should be having a lawyer look over
“Really?” John asked, though, now than he thought about, he had only gotten two orders for them so far.
“Pretty much,” he muttered, and John laughed, Sherlock chuckling along as the blond shook his head down at his lap.
“No,” he nearly squeaked, mind concocting a list of every horrible possibility, bile rising all the while.
John simply watched him, forehead creasing, and Sherlock bit at his lip, leaning back on his palms as he planted them on the bed.
They were quiet until they’d nearly reached the car, sneaking sidelong glances here and there when they thought the other wasn’t looking, and then John once again broke the quiet, spinning his keys around a finger as he pulled them from his pocket.
“You don’t shy away from ruffling feathers, do you, Mr. Holmes?” she smirked, a coy shift back to formalities.
played from his pocket as he stepped to the curb, waving down a taxi, and he rattled the phone free, pulling a glove loose with his teeth before swiping across to unlock the screen.
He sighed with the air of someone who would be getting even, and wrenched the plate from John’s grip. “Fine,” he growled. He picked up a long-cold piece of bacon with his fingertips, snapping the end off with a flash of pristine teeth. “Happy?” he sneered as he chewed, and somehow even something that wholly unattractive managed to make John smile.
“Thank you, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, beaming up at him. “Just put them in the room with him, if you could. Thank you so much.”
They were in the far corner, hidden by the backs of their armchairs that they had dragged to form an upholstered barrier against the rest of the café, and their armrests were now nearly pressed together, Mary’s elbow bumping his slightly as she bent it out to lift the cup to her lips.
“I’ll be back in a couple hours,” he said as he started off, still looking a bit wary, and Sherlock smiled, nodding in an attempt to reassure. John’s answering smile was hesitant, but there, and then he was gone, darting across the pitch toward the gathering group.
Sherlock barked a sharp laugh as he paced to the other side of the desk, and Lestrade jumped, whirling around with his hand frozen half-stretched toward John’s.
John felt Sherlock bristle behind him, but produced a cloying smile for the constable. “Look, Sally,” he began, never having used her first name before, and the popping of her mouth suggested she noticed, “I’m sure you’re having a rough go of it, what with Anderson and his fiancée moving into that nice little family flat in Dulwich”—her eyes blew out, and she took an involuntary half-step back—“but that’s no reason to take it out on us.” He then continued past her, her face seemingly frozen in shock, and Lestrade was wearing a similar expression as he hurried ahead so as not to get trod on.
“It’s not her,” he said, spinning the paper between his fingers for Mycroft to read, and John leapt up, rounding Sherlock’s shoulder to scan the page himself, but it all looked accurate enough to him, a quick glance at Mycroft’s furrowed brow proving he was not alone in his confusion. Sherlock rolled his eyes, John’s heart lifting in spite of the circumstances, a snarky detective always preferable to a sullen one. “The measurements,” he explained, fluttering the sheet, and Mycroft took it, holding it out between them for John to get a closer look. “They’re all wrong. Irene’s at least an inch taller than that corpse, and much more narrow through the torso. You could fit two of her in that bust!” He scoffed, flicking a hand at the page, Mycroft pulling it closer to his face while John tilted his lifting head.
“They wouldn’t fit me,” he reminded, and John could only scowl, unable to argue the obvious, “and, besides, it’s not just clothes; all my things are there. And, you know, my bed,” he added, and then reconsidered, frowning down at the linoleum. “Although I may prefer sleeping on the sofa.”
John Watson was at the end of one of the tables, mostly removed from the conversation, although someone would turn to him every now and again, barking out a joke or question he’d politely respond to, a slightly pinched smile pulling at his mouth.
normal, nothing about him remotely equipped to deal with something as pedestrian as sentiment. It was beneath him and beyond him all at once, and he sank down onto the edge of the bed with a sigh, snaking his hand across the duvet to fetch his phone once more.
John, of course, will only laugh, and, equally predictably, will get the valentine framed, placing it on the fireplace mantel with an adorable amount of pomp and circumstance Sherlock will never admit to considering as such.
Sherlock closed his eyes, head lolling back onto the pillow as he savored the sound of John’s sleepy voice. “Hey,” he croaked, and then cleared his throat, hoping any distortion would be written off to his illness as opposed to the tears beginning to burn at the corners of his eyes. “Did I wake you?”
“Greg has told me quite a bit about your business, and I’ve read all the articles he’s recommended”—she nodded to the man—“but I must admit to still being rather curious about a few things.”
“Antinori,” John replied, and the man nodded down at the list in approval, as if John had just passed some sort of test.
“And plumbing,” Sherlock rejoined with a nod, Irene rolling her eyes. “Now, get out.” He tossed his free hand at the door, lifting his coffee to his lips with the other. “I have to shower.”
“Seriously?” he blustered, but the man only lifted his brows, and Sherlock dropped his hand to his back pocket, fishing out his wallet.
Lestrade frowned, following Sherlock’s finger to read down the list. “You’re saying there’s another victim?”
“Okay,” John panted, nodding slowly, “okay, because-because that’s not going to help.” He shook his head, and Sherlock’s jaw tightened as he closed his mouth. “We-We can figure it out. You don’t- You’ll
Sherlock’s posture stiffened beneath the bulky jacket. “Well, it’s not likely to come up in everyday conversation, is it?”
“You know,” Sherlock said finally, his eyes flickering back to look up at the studio, “seeing as how you’ve
“Sherlock,” John said—a question, a warning, a plea—his grip tightening over Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock took a deep breath, lifting his chin, the helplessness in John’s wide eyes steadying him somehow, “what-what are you-”
“Can we have pancakes?” Sherlock asked, and Mycroft straightened up from peering into the refrigerator, an amused frown creasing his young face.
After a few moments of processing silence, he met Lestrade’s eyes, his decision firmly and irrevocably made. “What do you need me to do?”
“They’re not all hideous,” John muttered, but Sherlock only quirked a brow. John huffed, his arms falling to his sides. “I’ll probably run back and change,” he admitted, the detective beaming smugly at him. “Into a completely respectable jumper,” he added in a snap, and Sherlock chuckled, head shaking fondly down at him.
Mike raised an eyebrow, remaining silent, but it was undeniable that he had seen the contact’s name on the screen.
“Judgement, Your Honor?” John asked, turning to Sherlock, who had moved to the edge of the mat to keep better track of the flailing foils.
There was no room for a question in it, and it was correct anyway, so John remained silent and waited.
“Sergeant Lestrade,” John shrugged, “but he’s on a case right now. Probably won’t have time.” The fact that the case the sergeant was working was the gripping whodunit of taking a shot at John Watson, he omitted. In fact, he hadn’t told a soul about what had happened at the Yard apart from those who had already known, limited to Sherlock, Molly, and the police involved. Lestrade said that was smart, that it would give them an edge when it came to the details later. John hadn’t been being smart though, he was just fed up with telling the story.
The interrogation rooms were just below ground level, windowless boxes of concrete and shining, metal furniture. Everything about the entire floor said trapped. It also said ‘prison’ quite clearly as well, which was, of course, entirely the point.
“Do you want to see the pitch, or not?” he called over his shoulder, sliding his hands into the pockets of his black trousers as he retreated.
“Hey now! That’s another one of my roommate conditions,” John interrupted, suddenly firm, holding a finger out toward Sherlock’s face. “No experimenting on me or my stuff. Not without my knowledge.”
“Um, well,” John mused, looking thoughtfully out at the street ahead, “she said something about that being all, and then we stood up and I thanked her for her time—threw in some sycophantic nonsense about it being a pleasure,” he muttered, and Sherlock chuckled, “and then she said the usual ‘of course, no problem’ bit, and then…” He paused, a wrinkle forming between his brows, shadowed by a streetlamp as they walked beneath the yellow light. “She said ‘I’m sure you’ll be hearing from us very soon’,” he concluded, staring ahead a moment longer before nodding to himself, as if confirming his own accuracy, and then looked up, expression turning confused at Sherlock’s grin. “What?” he pressed, smiling perplexedly as Sherlock started to laugh. “What? Why are you laughing? Sherlock!”
Coach Powles seemed satisfied, however, and nodded with a small smile. “Good. Win or lose, I want us to be the better team out there. And to help with that…” He hoisted a cardboard box up from the set of seats beside him and wrenched it open with a grating pop. “’Bout time you boys looked presentable,” he joked, lifting a bright blue and white ball of fabric from the container.
John looked up, blinking in surprise, but Sherlock looked steadily back at him, a small smile twitching at the corner of his mouth as John continued to stare stupidly. He chuckled in a rush of air, dropping his face back to the bed. Slowly, he nodded. “Yeah,” he said, looking back, smiling softly at the detective. “Yeah, I guess I would’ve. But, still, Sherlock, you- What you and Mycroft did for-for my mum…” He faded away, shaking his head down at his knees as he sighed.
“I’m going with you,” he simplified, glancing at John through his lashes before lifting his chin. “I need to get a better sense of your daily routine in order to know who best fits into it.”
I also wanted to let you all know that I am going to be at C2E2 in Chicago this coming weekend, so, if you're gonna be there, make sure to say hi!
Lestrade shook his head. “Nothing. These people have nothing in common. Hannah here”—he pointed to the middle-age brunette’s picture—“was a cashier at Boots. Nathan”—his finger shifted to the dark-complexioned young man—“was a banker. They didn’t exactly mingle.”
“Well done,” the man deadpanned, jarring John out of his trance, but continued speaking before he could retort. “Now, get in a cab and come down to Scotland Yard.”
John forced a swallow through his strangled throat. “Why?” he snipped, smoothing his tie and starting toward him, hoping Sherlock would move before he got too close, not sure how well he would handle tight proximity.
“Are you planning on making a habit of that?” he asked, gesturing over his mouth, a much more difficult question in his tone, a doubt that John intended to put to rest right then and there.
The groundskeeper was a middle-aged man with salt and pepper hair, not the tall blond figure striding swift and confident out from beneath the bleachers toward the well-worn path in the woods, and John’s mobile shook in his hand as he watched the man disappear before ducking back around the corner, breaths quick and shaking as he leaned his skull against the rough stone.
They talked a little more over what was left of the ride to Irene’s house, but mostly Sherlock just gave him directions, the rest of the time passed quite comfortably in silence as the rain grew to a steady drone on the roof. Pulling up in front of the brunette’s house, Sherlock reached immediately for the door handle, but John stopped him with a gentle hand on his arm, blinking dazedly at breaking the touch barrier a moment before remembering why he’d done it and rattling his head clear.
Surprisingly, Mike’s directions had been spot-on, and he filed into the classroom before most of the other students. He saw a flurry of movement in the far, left corner, and turned to see Molly waving him over. He smiled, twisting his body and holding his shoulder bag in front of him as he slid sidelong down the aisle toward her.
After a full minute without a reply, Sherlock released the phone, placing it atop his chest as he closed his eyes, trying to hold onto the feeling, to capture the warm light of John’s however-vague presence and hold it out in front of him like a shield against the world, but, as always, it faded, and he sighed, blinking up at the ceiling as he shivered in the dark.
He beamed back at her like she hung the moon, all the stars it reflected caught in his eyes, and the scene might have made Sherlock nauseous if he didn’t know how overdue Molly was for a decent guy, and if he wasn’t distracted by the scene the car was crawling past.
“I can’t go, I’m sick,” Sherlock muttered, burrowing back into the book, leaving John to glare at a faded midnight-blue cover.
John chuckled in spite of his anxiety, which was waning rather quickly in the wake of the girls’ support, and found himself nodding without any real intention to.
Every emergency vehicle in London must have been there, the lights flashing off the cars and windows like some macabre fireworks display, and there were people everywhere, what looked like the entire school gathered in front of a police barricade already set up at the juncture of the courtyard some distance away. Sherlock  jolted out of his trance, reaching for the handle to join them, but Lestrade’s voice called him back.
John inhaled sharply, jaw quivering, and Sherlock watched as something broke in his eyes, a wealth of emotions flashing through that he’d never seen before, never analyzed before, but the one that shone out more than anything as John turned to him was pain, and Sherlock’s throat thickened at the sight. A second later, it was gone, and the stone John Watson who had threatened Victor Trevor to trembling was in its place. “I’ll wait outside,” he murmured, looking briefly back at Irene over his shoulder—the glare more threatening than angry—before closing the door behind him.
“I suppose I could have handled the situation better as well,” Sherlock murmured, his fingers shifting his socks around on his ankles.
A curiosity started to simmer in his chest, eager to know more about the fresh stranger now sitting in front of him, but the questions springing to mind all felt too sudden, too intimate in the static stillness of night, and John settled on the mundane for now.
John beamed now, in a totally manly way, of course. “We bought some basic ones the other day in town, and Sherlock’s whipping up more now.”
“You never know,” he said, tugging the key out of the ignition before reaching behind him to pull his rugby jacket from the backseat. “You might think you can sing or something. Wanna try out for
John chuckled, blushing lightly as he ducked his head. “Well, I helped you babysit that one time, remember?” he mumbled.
Sherlock twitched a sneer, his eyes narrowing, and Moran laughed, turning to him where he stood in front of the window.
“It’s not even 11,” Sherlock replied, but Mrs. Hudson only tutted, her disapproval palpable even after bouncing between satellites.
John was wearing the same red jumper he’d worn the day before Christmas Eve, the day they’d gone to Hamley’s, the day he’d all-but-cornered Sherlock in his room and forced him to listen to the words he never thought he’d hear from anyone, and, while it looked exactly the same—small stain on the left shoulder and all—nothing else did. That moment at the manor felt so far from where they were now, Sherlock could almost believe it had never happened, that he’d simply watched it on TV or read it in a book and plugged he and John into the roles, because, surely, if they’d ever been there, they couldn’t have ended up here. Those were just not the same people; they couldn’t be.
Sherlock didn’t know why John had helped him on Monday—didn’t know anything about him at all, really—but, in the two days since their first interaction, something had…shifted. Nothing obvious, nothing more tangible than a slight change in the direction of a breeze, but he thought John’s eyes caught his more than normal when the blond would look back to check the clock in chemistry or biology, or when they’d pass in the hallways. Sherlock had never noticed just how much their schedules coincided until now, suddenly hyperaware of John’s presence as he was, and, apparently, that might go both ways, because, as he watched John reach forward to snag his can of coke off the table, blue eyes flicked across the room, landing instantly and unerringly on his own.
“Oh, no,” he urged, shaking his head as he understood. “No, um, overprotective landlady,” he explained with a small smile, and John laughed, nodding in reply. Sherlock rocked back on his heels, slipping his hands into his pockets. “Yeah, girlfriends are, er…not really my area,” he murmured, looking up at John through the tops of his eyes, and John gave a short nod of understanding.
Mrs. Hudson waved a dismissive hand in his direction, and his heart sank. “Oh no, that’s not my flat. Although, I suppose I do own the whole building now, don’t I?”
horrible, and I will try and get the next chapter up ASAP because I know this is a rough spot for a break.
Sherlock snapped his head up, staring at John with wide, almost fearful eyes, and a few gasps from down the hall confirmed just how loud that had really been.
“From what I’ve heard though,” Ethan continued, raising his eyebrows in self-importance, “he works out of an abandoned warehouse is Wandsworth. Or at least his people do.”
“Oh, er, Angelo, this is Sherlock,” John interceded, Sherlock giving a nod while Angelo grinned. “He’s, er…a friend,” he finished stiltedly, Sherlock lifting an amused brow while John suddenly became fascinated by the tablecloth.
“See ya, then,” he bade, flicking a brief wave, which Sherlock returned, his arm falling back to his side the second John disappeared from the doorway.
“I don’t know, you might!” Sherlock countered, and John sighed, shaking his head down at a swirl of whipped cream as he drizzled caramel over the surface.
“Why then?” John said as he crossed his legs on the end of Sherlock’s bed, his usual spot for their ‘powwows’, a term Sherlock was vehemently insisting he replace. It wasn’t gonna happen.
“Nothing,” Sherlock snipped, turning his shoulder away from her, a frail barrier against the questions he tried not to ask himself. “It’s just- It was only a few times.”
“The closest one,” Sherlock snapped, moving to stand behind the man and marching him forward by his good shoulder.
chocolate shakes, but Mum likes the strawberry better. Harry always gets mint chocolate chip, but I think mint’s gross, so I’ve never tried it. They have other kinds too, or just regular ice cream. Or sundaes! They have all kinds of sundaes, and you get to pick your own toppings, and…”
They were silent as they walked up the steps, the brothel strangely quiet around them, and Irene waved him into their usual room, closing the wooden door behind her as she followed.
Below them, John hoisted the ball in the air, spinning around in celebration before being unceremoniously swept off his feet by a tidal wave of teammates, flashes of blue shorts and neon boots the only thing distinguishing the men from the snow and mud of the ground beneath them. The game wasn’t over, however, and they gradually broke apart, John reappearing at the bottom, hoisted to his feet by a tall black teammate Sherlock thought he remembered as Marcus. They started toward the center of the pitch, Marcus nudging John on the arm, both of them laughing in some shared joke, and then Marcus jogged on ahead, John lifting his head to scan the crowd as he continued at a slower pace. It didn’t take him long to find them in the stands—Sherlock credited Molly’s highlighter-hued hat—and he lifted a hand, waggling his muddy fingers in the air.
, just do what you’re told?” John snarled, but there was an edge of sadness to it Sherlock couldn’t quite pin down. “You’re cold, you’re wearing that
Sherlock assumed he was leaving, the general reaction speaking to him inspired in people, but then there was a scrape at the tree to his left, and he snapped his head around, finding the boy lowering himself down to the dirt beside him.
Sherlock blinked, face furrowing with confusion as he looked up at the wooden door. “Why would he-” he began, and then stopped, lips dropping apart as his eyes widened. He skittered back across the hall, a faint tremor running through his hands as he paled.
standards,” Sherlock snarled, “because those are so abnormal, aren’t they? Because I’m just a freak who flaps around in a trench coat and insults people for fun!”
“No,” she grumbled miserably, and John laughed, pulling a small tray from the nearby stack and holding it out. “I think I’ve hit lesbian middle-age,” she added, clicking the glass down on the tray as John shook his head at her.
They sat in silence for a while, John twisting at the hem of his trousers while Sherlock continued to stare blankly out the window on the back wall.
“I-I asked about scholarships,” the blond muttered, and Sherlock turned to find him tapping anxiously on the side of his cup. “I wasn’t sure if I should, ya know, in case they didn’t think I could pay for it, but…well, I
“There’s still two periods before biology,” Sherlock countered, shuffling a step back as the man moved forward. “You have plenty of time to do it yourself.”
Woman, look bashful about anything, but the display instantly softened him. Maybe it was weak, maybe she was manipulating him, but he could not deny the truce in her eyes, and found his anger evaporating in spite of himself. It was then he noticed her left eye, notably swollen and bruised.
“Shocking as this may be to you, Sergeant,” Sherlock retorted, tongue tapping over the ‘t’, “I did manage to put that together without the assistance of Scotland Yard’s finest.”
Eventually, however, John did pass the drink up over one of the machines to him, handing him the lid separately for some reason, and there was an oddly urgent look on his face Sherlock couldn’t quite parse out before the blond was gone, answering some question about what their chocolate syrup was made of.
Sherlock folded his arms, tilting his head as he levelled the blond with a glare. “Really?” he hissed. “Do elaborate.”
“Well, of course it is,” she chuckled, and John’s footsteps resumed. “It’s not as if Sherlock’s going to have a
“Then let them tell you it’s bruised,” he muttered out of the corner of his mouth as one of the EMTs approached, a younger man with dark skin and sharp, brown eyes.
me!” he more mouthed than said, and Sherlock sneered, tongue protruding from behind his teeth in a way that made John want to modernize some primary school playground insults, but a muttering voice behind them prompted him to freeze.
“And don’t you believe a word of them, dear,” Mrs. Hudson teased, flapping a finger at her with a wink, and Irene’s smile cracked to reveal a strip of teeth.
aware of, it’s that I couldn’t keep John alive!” His breaths hissed over his teeth as he stared down the two men, Mycroft’s gaze still averted while Lestrade simply blinked. The scene then began to blur at the edges, and Sherlock turned his face to the window, blinking frantically to clear the dew from his eyes.
“Oh, god,” he groaned, mostly to himself as he popped the pills onto his tongue and quickly swallowed them down with a swig of water. His throat had apparently turned into the Sahara overnight, however, and he drained the rest of the glass before handing it back to Mike. “Cheers,” he said, voice creaking, and he coughed to clear it.
“Okay. Okay, dump your phone and head to the location. … SHH, don’t fucking say anything else; they might be listening! … Alright, I’ll meet you there. … No, I’ll find my own way. … I love you, too.” There was a rustle of clothing, a heavy sigh, and then footsteps backing away from them, Sherlock hissing out a muted curse as the sound grew faint.
“No, I- Redbeard was my dog growing up,” he explained, unable to remember the last time he’d uttered the name, let alone to a stranger. He dropped down in a crouch, lowering the cup to the ground and steadying himself against the bars with his fingertips. “She looks just like him.”
“You know the LGBT Society holiday party is coming up,” Irene barrelled on, ignoring his interruption. “The theme is
Sherlock stirred only faintly, a slight shift in the rhythm of his breathing, and John smiled, turning back to glance at the clock over his shoulder.
“Wouldn’t be the first time someone tried. But I suppose you’d know all about that.” She tipped her head with a wry smile, the back of Sherlock’s neck prickling at the renewed tension. “Awfully spry for a dead man, aren’t you?”
John sneered at him, laughing tonelessly as he went back to his pad thai. It was a lot easier to eat now, but he wouldn’t give Sherlock the satisfaction of saying so. The smirk on Sherlock’s face suggested he already knew, however, so John just resolutely avoided eye contact as he dropped noodles into his mouth.
The Watsons laughed, Sherlock turning to smirk between them, and then the group slowed, a young woman with dark auburn hair approaching them from the closing glass door of the bookshop.
Anderson nodded in reply, and then walked past Sherlock to place the box atop the desk beside the window, lifting free the lid and flicking his fingers aimlessly through the files.
solve a jewel heist here last year.” He held John’s eyes, watching the doubt give way to something else, something closer to what he’d seen in the lobby, a sort of lost exasperation.
Sherlock awoke with a soundless shout, his eyes cracking open within stale, tear-dried skin. His head swam as he realized he was already sitting up, and then he promptly collapsed back onto the mattress, a wave of nausea rushing up his throat. Closing his eyes, he tried to measure his breaths, the bile receding little by little as he cast his mind around for something else to focus on.
“No,” he replied instead, shaking his head, and Victor blinked, clearly taken aback. “I’ve already got plans.”
Sherlock cleared his throat, swallowing a swig of ice water. “Well…shall we stop holding our breath and dive in?” he said, an opening jest to lighten the leaden mood, and Jeanette laughed, her shoulders dropping away from her ears. “Would it be alright with everyone if I recorded this meeting?” he asked, glancing around the table as he pulled a digital recorded from his briefcase. “I’m a better listener when I’m not taking notes.” A lie, obviously, but a little well-placed self-deprecation had a way of putting people at ease.
“Well, we can’t both stare,” she replied, lifting her brows imperiously as she peered at him from the corner of her eye, and, though he had to scoff for posterity, he did lean back in his chair, gaze lowering to the table in front of him. “Let me know when you get a reply,” the woman added in a whisper, and Sherlock nodded, sitting his phone beside him atop the table.
The laboratory door slammed just as the last syllable left John’s mouth, and even though he was over a meter away, he still winced at the force of it, the walls rattling around him. With an animalistic growl of frustration, he spun, digging his fingers into his hair and gripping tightly as he paced down the pathway to his desk. He stopped behind the chair, untangling his fingers to clutch the top of the backrest, the chair shifting slightly in an attempt to swivel under his grasp. Breathing deeply, he closed his eyes, hanging his head as he pushed his anger out through a white grip on the wood.
“Got out of it, thank god,” he replied, adjusting his tie as he huffed in relief. “Apparently there’s loo roll all over Camden.”
“Well,” Greg groaned, pulling his shoulders back and stretching his spine, “I’m gonna head back into town before the storm picks up again.” He then turned to Molly, his shy smile half illuminated in the wavering orange light of the fire. “Would you like to go to the tree lighting? It will be just as lovely tomorrow, if you’d rather return to your room.”
Sherlock’s head was spinning, his father’s voice simultaneously distant and deafening, and he scrabbled weakly at the man’s wrist, straining for breath.
Welp, it's a cliffhanger again, but the next bit got a lot longer than I expected, and I didn't want to make you wait that long. Enjoy a whole lot of my only daughter: the incomparable, illustrious, sometimes inappropriate Irene Adler.
“Yeah,” John replied, nodding at the young constable. “Said he’d seen me working with Sherlock. Wanted to know what he was like.”
As innocently as he could, John turned to the man, placing a hand over his injury with a look of grave offense, but Sherlock only shook his head, and he quickly gave it up, chuckling as he leaned back into his beanbag once more.
“There usually isn’t,” Sherlock replied, looking back at the man in question, who was currently stretching over the back of his chair.
John lifted his head at that, startled by the tone of Sherlock’s voice, and the gaze that met him was no less unexpected.
Sherlock didn’t. “Aren’t you always?” he snapped, straightening up in a languid press and pull of limbs. He tugged at the collar of his shirt, straightening it over his shoulders, but made no effort to tuck it back in.
Sherlock nodded, watching after the staggering crew as the car rolled through the intersection. “Does your brother live in London too?”
John stared. Just stared. And then he burst into laughter, collapsing back against the fridge in his mirth.
“Nearly,” he replied, and Jim’s jaw tightened. “I’d like to get a few more blocks, just to be safe,” he added, and, after a beat of bated breath, Moriarty nodded.
“Oh?” the woman inquired, tilting her head as she stepped to the threshold once again. “Where do you work?”
I've decided I can do at least one chapter every day, but some might be rather short, as I'm breaking chapters at time jumps to make it easier on my brain. Safe to say the updates will most often be in the evening (EST), and I hope you all continue tuning in!
“What?” Sherlock asked, eyes narrowing as they searched between John’s, and John just shrugged, smile broadening. Sherlock’s face fell flat, cup lowering to his lap. “You’re imagining me in one of those horrendous hats, aren’t you?”
John chuckled, tilting his head affectionately. “Sherlock, you’re a lot of things,” he smiled, “but boring has never been one of them.”
“Oh, god,” John groaned, rolling his head back. “I don’t think we can be friends anymore if you like candy corn.”
“It’s important, John,” she snapped, not for the first time over the past couple weeks, the deadline for their project coming closer as March dawned on them. “We’re presenting this in front of the entire class.”
He blinked, turning the bread over in his hand, and then looked up at Mycroft, finding his brother holding the other portion of the loaf, his piece significantly smaller than Sherlock’s. He smiled, one shoulder twitching with a faint shrug, and then turned out to the lake, pinching off a piece of bread and throwing it out past the reeds.
He sighed, stretching his legs out in front of him, hands falling to the carpet at his sides as he blinked at the wall across from him.
“Fine,” Sherlock snipped, flicking a hand at the man before redirecting his fingers to press his aching eyes. “Fine, just...make it quick.”
He carried on, discussing the different topping options and personal favorite combinations, and, though Sherlock was hearing him just fine, he wouldn’t have been able to repeat a single word of it, too busy staring at the sun glittering in John’s windblown hair and wondering if he’d still be there if he blinked.
Sherlock watched the side of John’s face as he stopped, the single overhead light casting long shadows down his face, but there was no mistaking his solemn expression, the tight set of his jaw as he steadied himself.
Sherlock opened his mouth, the quirk of his eyebrow as he tilted his head indicating that, whatever he was about to say, it would be a bit not good.
The door opened, the students rushing in like water from a broken dam, and John sighed exasperatedly, rattling his head as he turned toward the machines, awaiting the orders from Molly.
Sherlock lolled his head to meet John’s wide eyes. “No, John,” he sighed, rolling his eyes, “I didn’t
of the king,” he continued, stressing the relation with pointed disdain, “has come forward to remind the legislature of an
“They stopped coming when father got sick,” Sherlock said, rather abruptly, as if he didn’t trust himself to get it out if he waited, and John froze, watching him as he stared out the window. “And then, after he died,” he continued, sounding rather removed, “mother didn’t see the point anymore, I suppose. She died three years later. Pneumonia, officially.”
“Really, Mr. Watson, there’s no need to cause a scene. I assure you, I am not taking you anywhere but back to Langley.”
Sally spluttered, her mouth wavering around unsaid retorts, and John turned, bursting out the door ahead of Sherlock, but he could hear the boy’s footsteps directly behind him as he fumed toward the lift.
“Comforting,” Sherlock quipped back, cradling the cup in his hands, and John beamed, dropping his face and returning to his work. Sherlock wavered a moment, inhaling the scent of the brew, and then, after a deep breath: “Thank you.”
He may have actually wiped a tear from his eye at one point, but he calmed eventually, shaking his head down at the grass as he stood with his hands on his hips, collecting himself with deep breaths. “Remind me to curse around you more often.”
Sherlock blinked, momentarily stunned with the realization that it really had only been that long. “I didn’t guess, I assumed,” he snapped.
The moment the latch clicked behind her, Sherlock twisted on his heels, finding John on the fifth step up.
“There’s no reason to try and kill you, no reason at all. Of course he was after me. It’s the only thing that makes sense. Why didn’t I see it before?”
Sherlock was uneasy the entire next day, although he was only halfway through it at the moment, but he felt fairly confident in saying his condition would continue.
“Paid for it,” John said as if this shouldn’t be shocking, stretching out a hand for the clipboard Sherlock dazedly passed up. “She’s very excited. Says she’ll pick you up if you don’t wanna walk back. But you don’t live very far away, do you?” he added, tapping the clipboard when Sherlock frowned. “Don’t worry, I’m not the stalking type. So,” he said, bending down to pull a bright green leash from the top of the bag, “what say we get”—he scanned down the page—“Bonny ready to go. Bonny?”
John restrained his grin to a small twitch. “I may have implied that advanced pyrotechnics were beyond him,” he answered loftily.
“At Clara’s house?” John asked, brows lifting as the two girls nodded. “Wow,” he muttered, nodding faintly, “I like your mum already.”
“I have you,” he had countered, and his mother had startled a moment, blinking at him before a slight dewiness overtook her expression.
Sherlock grumbled, infuriated at the sense of it, but leave it to John Watson to make him abandon all logic. Before he could decide on his reply, however, the mobile beeped again.
“Harry?” he repeated, hands a bit delayed as they came to rest on her back. “What are you- What are you
!? No, there must be a mistake, a miscalculation somewhere along the line, because all the data he had collected about John Watson did in no way suggest that Sherlock Holmes was the type of person he would count amongst his best. John was too good for that.
At the thought of his father, Sherlock’s eyes snapped open, his stomach roiling on instinct, but it wasn’t quite the same, didn’t bring with it the spike of fear and breath-knocking anxiety he’d become so accustomed to. Frowning down at the ground between his bent-up knees, he tried to force the reaction out of his subconscious, to inspire the dread he knew should be racing through him at the thought of the man waiting for him at home, his father no doubt going to be far-past-furious by the time he wandered in the door, but he just couldn’t manage it, couldn’t find it in him to care, part of him already sitting in front of a fireplace on Baker Street arguing green versus teal over Chinese takeaway.
John stared at the corner he’d vanished around, throat tight and jaw aching with tension as Lestrade blew out a heavy sigh.
Greg ran a hand through his hair with a sigh, shaking his head down at the front of Sherlock’s desk. “It’s- I’m not sure how to-” He paused, dropping his face to his knees and taking a long, slow breath before lifting his chin, sitting up straight and resolute. “I’m here on behalf of Her Majesty the Queen of Galerre.”
“I haven’t!” Sherlock interjected, so fervently that Lestrade leaned quickly back. “I don’t know how he knows me. The only person I ever had contact with was Victor, you know that. And even if I had lied to you, Mycroft wouldn’t have.”
Ryan chuckled, shaking his head. “No trouble. I was practically done anyway. Your statements are more of a formality, really, considering we’ve got the surveillance tape.” He flipped his notepad closed, stowing it in an inside pocket of his suit jacket. “The two downstairs are gonna be staying around, if that’s alright. Not in the building, of course,” he added, lifting his palms out in consolation. “Just outside. Unmarked car. Shifts will be trading off every few hours over the next couple days, just to be safe.”
“I guess so,” Sherlock remarked, still chuckling at him, and John shook his head, trying to convey indignation even as he could feel his own lips being pulled up against his will.
But he could not make sense of this, could not qualify it and put it in a safe, little box where he never had to dwell on it again because Sherlock was standing there in a blue, plaid shirt that jutted out in tones of turquoise and navy from beneath a dark-blue jumper, and John could not
“We’ll keep track of most of it ourselves, but you can do the ‘en garde’ bit,” he offered, and Sherlock wrinkled his nose on principle, secretly thrilled at the prospect. John picked up his mask and foil, beckoning Sherlock with a nod as he approached the mat.
Mary huffed, rolling her eyes, and then, suddenly, she was blurring, coffee-warmed fingers brushing his jaw as he was guided forward to her lips.
Sherlock smiled, every hint of nausea and chill disappearing with that one, simple, merciful act of John allowing it to drop.
“Oh, right,” John muttered, having forgotten about it between Sherlock’s disappearance and the Mary debacle. “Whadidja think?”
Sherlock waited, watching as Harry swallowed, her eyes momentarily dropping to where her fingers twisted in front of her.
!?” He stepped forward, mouth dropping open as his brows knitted together, but Sherlock was not in the mood, rolling his eyes to the heavens. “Are you
“It’s okay,” John assured, crossing the corridor to place his hands over Sherlock’s trembling arms, and it
“You-You can’t,” the brunette futilely contested as John slung an arm over his waist. “I’ll get you sick.”
It was a mark of how dark the times were that John found himself missing Mycroft’s presence, the man a tweed bulwark against the oppressive awkwardness that resettled in the air around them, a toxic cloud corrupting John’s lungs with every strained breath, and he stepped forward, fingertips twitching against his thigh as he made to brush past Sherlock’s averted frame. “I’ll just put the-”
“What? No,” Sherlock snapped, rattling his head. “Why would I do that? I assure you, they both purchased gifts for you entirely of their own accord. Or rather, Mrs. Hudson did and put Mycroft’s name on one of them. Although Mycroft did ask her to pick something up for him, so I suppose that still counts.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock spat, eyes narrowing, but Lestrade only stepped forward, never one to be cowed.
“Watson, take over for Jordan. Price? Take Watson’s shirt,” he commanded, and John’s stomach volleyed against his sides.
John shook his head, unloading the takeaway containers one by one onto the table beside her. He watched as she lifted her fingers to her injured eye, wincing a bit as she pressed gingerly at the cheekbone. “Can I- Do you mind-” He left the sentiment unfinished, but waved a hand toward her face in indication.
“Probably not,” she conceded, dragging in a breath before releasing it in a swirling haze, “but it looked pretty damn cool.”
“Look, enough games,” he snapped after a time, letting the woman whimper her way through the tragic retelling of going to work and returning to find her sister dead in her bedroom for quite long enough, as far as he was concerned. “It’s obvious you know something you’re not telling us, and, if you obstruct this investigation any further, Sergeant Lestrade and I are inclined to believe it’s that you murdered your sister.”
John smiled, chuckling softly at the dejection on the girl’s face, and then noticed Sherlock and Irene, their faces identical expressions of bewilderment. “Oh, Molly keeps all the numbers I get,” he explained, although it didn’t seem to help, both students only further frowning at him. “She’s trying to collect the whole alphabet. There’s a poster set up in the break room and everything,” John added, waving a hand back toward the employee door, and Sherlock started to laugh while Irene simply looked more perplexed.
“Dammit, Sherlock!” John trumpeted, and Sherlock jumped, too shocked to put up a fight when John grabbed him by the bicep, yanking him to a halt. “What do you want from me!?” he blustered, but there was an undercurrent of helplessness to his tone, a rippling over the sparkling surface of his too-close eyes. “I try talking to you, you’re mad at me; I try leaving you alone, you’re
“Oh,” he murmured, blinking down at the grass beneath their feet. He then slowed as they reached the crest of the hill, the doors not far away, and Sherlock turned to find blue eyes already on him. “And?” he pressed, a hint of trepidation in his gaze. “Are you?”
“I- There’s no shame in that,” he continued, shaking his head as he tipped his chin back up, mouth quirking up in a frail smile. “You don’t have to be a superhero all the time,” he said, and Sherlock let out a startled puff of laughter. John’s smile brightened a bit, and he stood, holding a hand down to the man. “Come on,” he beckoned, curling his fingers, “we’ve got a coach to catch.”
“Tell me something,” he murmured, the only thing that came to mind, and John sniffed with fleeting amusement.
“Do you have the latest seating chart for the fundraiser?” he asked Mike, who nodded, moving to his side as they both started for the door, leaving Sherlock to follow in their wake. “I’d like to go over it in the car. Make sure they don’t have me next to Duchess Mayer again.”
He felt a shift in weight on the bed, his head pulled forward, and then he was burrowed in the front of Mrs. Hudson’s horrible Christmas sweater, a snowman staring up at him with black button eyes as the woman’s arms wrapped around him.
Mary beamed at him, and he smiled back, glancing at Molly where she sat beside her, but it was likely too far away for either of them to be sure he saw them at all.
, Sherlock spinning on his socked heels in alarm. “Did she- Is she-” He blinked up at Sherlock, desperately searching the steel blue gaze for a miracle, but there would be no reprieve, Sherlock’s eyes pinching at the corners before he turned his chin away, leaving John alone with his grief.
Greg was already outside when he arrived, rubbing his hands together against the cold as he waited beside the valet stand. He lifted one of those hands when he saw Sherlock approaching, waving it in the air, his whole body seeming to shake with the effort, and Sherlock couldn’t help but smile to himself, Greg’s enthusiasm unavoidably contagious. “They’re just pulling the car around,” he explained, waving a hand toward the circle drive, and Sherlock nodded, adjusting his scarf to cover his chin.
“Chips,” he repeated, high-pitched with the laughter shaking his body. “Interviewing murderers, firing guns, finding fingers in the fridge,” he listed, his hands waving out with every new item. “Just a typical day in the life of John Watson.” He threw his hands into the air as he fell into laughter again, clutching at his ribs as he fought not to collapse to the floor.
“Then why are you asking me?” John snapped, and then turned around, assuring a grumbling young man that his drink was coming right up.
Sherlock sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “John, really, this is ridiculous. Just get in. You want to be a doctor; you can’t be squeamish about these things.”
“No,” he breathed over a long-suffering sigh. “We danced a little at some wedding or other a few years ago.”
John stared at Émile for a beat, a practiced nothing in his gaze, his body stiff and unnaturally still, as if cursed eyes had turned him suddenly to stone before them. He then rattled his head, an almost imperceptible refusal, and Sherlock tried to force aside the pinprick of rejection in his chest. “Have at it,” he grumbled, looking at no one as he waved at the mat behind him, ducking his chin and heading toward the rack of foils.
men, Sherlock inadvertently meeting all of John’s partners, though usually only once. John had insisted on returning the favor all the same, however, and, when Sherlock had murmured that he couldn’t stay for their weekly ‘Dinner with the Doctor’ on account of having a date, he hadn’t let Sherlock leave without eliciting a promise that he’d get to meet the man if he made it past date three.
“Hey, it’s not every day your best mate moves to your college,” Mike’s echoing voice snapped back at him, but John could tell he was smiling. “So what house are you in?”
John spun in his seat as Mr. Tyson’s brown eyes narrowed accusingly, but they seemed to be looking over his shoulder rather than at him. “No, sir,” John answered firmly, feeling the insta-blush of embarrassment rising up his neck.
John opened his mouth to say he didn’t know, to insist on a straight answer from someone for once, but something dark was unfurling from the back of his mind, a suspicion he hadn’t wanted to accept he was harboring finally being awakened from its forced dormancy. He closed his mouth, and the smile dimmed on Irene’s face, something like pity pushing at the edges of her eyes.
Sherlock sighed, nodding, his head turning slightly to press further into John’s fingertips. “I know,” he admitted quietly. “I- Lestrade said he had some cold cases I could take a look at. Maybe- Maybe I’ll pick those up while you’re at your interview. Focus on them for a while.”
Sherlock nudged him under the table with his knee. “Thanks,” he mouthed, and John smiled, spine straightening a little as he nodded back.
John was unsettled immediately. “Er, hi,” he murmured, his manners innate regardless of his personal discomfort. “Sorry, have- have we met?”
Sherlock’s eyes never left the ball. “I could read her lips, and glean a general sense of your responses through her expressions and body language.”
Sherlock looked down at his hand when John sat beside him, twisting at the edge of the bandage, but, though he couldn’t seem to meet his eyes, he didn’t move away either, even shifting his hand a little over his thigh to make it easier for John to reach.
Sherlock’s anger wavered, lips pressing shut as he swallowed, his fingers twitching with nerves as they uncoiled at his side.
John let out a disbelieving huff, and Sherlock chanced a glance to find him shaking his head down at the floor. “Unbelievable. Unbe
“Why do we always have to do this?” Sherlock grumbled as they pushed out into the cold, beginning the trek down to the pitch. “Surely there’s a groundskeeper or someone who could find ten seconds to turn on the heat in the locker room.”
armed mercenaries, face his mother and all of her demons, not to mention the pain Sherlock himself had heaped on. He had seen John hurt, doubting, scared, insecure, and a thousand other things that still made his stomach twist thinking about them, but he’d never seen him defeated, never seen him broken. He wouldn’t have thought it was even possible, but, then again, he was Sherlock Holmes, always finding a way, even if he had to forge the path himself, and, as John dropped his eyes, lips closing as he blinked rapidly down at the foyer floor, Sherlock knew the gift he was cursed with had done it yet again.
“That was before I started working on the homeless murders,” Sherlock said, pushing the plate back from him a few inches. “I don’t eat when I’m on a case. Digestion slows me down.”
John’s second favorite thing was how utterly useless Sherlock was afterwards, mumbling and making the odd affirmative hum or grunt of disapproval as John moved away, cleaning and removing whatever clothing they’d soiled. He was fairly sure his jumper had been clean before he’d tackled Sherlock onto the bed, but it wasn’t now, and he peeled it off, dropping it next to Sherlock’s before turning back to the bed.
“Didn’t say,” Molly shrugged. “Just told me he needed The Chemist.” She giggled at his feigned wretch, and then shooed him into his office with a wave of her hands. “Go, I’ve already got Speedy’s bringing up your sandwich.”
of him, so foolish to get this involved without first knowing all the variables, without putting together any sort of exit strategy. Irene was wrong about a lot of things, but she had been right about one: Getting your heart broken was just about as normal as it got, and Sherlock was decidedly
“I’m not stupid, Sherlock,” John continued, and he was definitely stalking forward now, there was no other word for it. “Maybe you think I am, but I’m not. I can
“Kind of my job,” he replied, and the man chuckled, a deep rumble of a sound amidst the soft clinking of piano keys and forks.
“Sherlock, what are you talking about?” he questioned gently, the way one might try to soothe a rabid animal as it snarled through the bars. “I never said you made me cheat. I don’t know what would make you think-”
“-and we realized they were the same idiot gay friends,” Molly concluded, whirling her hands in a culminating gesture between them. “She told me you’d written the secret admirer note, I told her you had no idea John had written the secret admirer note, and that’s when we came up with the whole poem thing,” she elaborated with a shrug of her shoulders. “And why she encouraged you to ask Sherlock to the party.”
“I know, I know,” Sherlock groaned, grinding the heels of his hands against his eyes, “I’ve been awful. I just-”
It would be a bit of an exaggeration to say the room went silent, and there was no scratching stop to the music or anything dramatic like that, but the conversation did dip, more eyes turning to them than stayed focused.
“And what A-levels are you taking, John? Because I’m polite and make follow-up inquiries about your life,” John said in the poshest accent he could manage, his head bobbing side-to-side.
,” he stressed, barely restraining his eyes from rolling, “I hate to be the one to burst your cynical bubble, but your ‘there are no happy endings’ mentality is hardly as unique as you think it is, so why don’t you go back to whatever artisanal coffee shop you crawled out of, slip on your non-prescription glasses, and continue working on that dark
Sherlock shrugged, his knuckles popping loudly as he twisted and tugged at his hands. “That it would be inconvenient for you to be allergic to bees.”
“She is quite the Renaissance woman,” Kavi agreed, a further question nevertheless tucked into his cadence.
She swallowed hard, dropping her gaze. “I-I moved out,” she said, and John’s hands slipped from her shoulders in surprise. “I’m staying with Clara till the end of the year.”
John looked at him like he didn’t dare believe it, couldn’t risk the disappointment. “How?” he muttered, shrugging helplessly. “How can you know any of that? How can you know she’ll even go at all?”
“We heard a sound upstairs in Mrs. Hudson’s flat,” John explained, bobbing the gun in his hand as he talked, and that drew Sherlock’s attention to the pistol, his heart picking up as the evidence mounted.
Sherlock put on his most charming smile, ignoring John’s disapproving scowl as he leaned forward and held a hand out for Sarah. “It’s nice to meet you,” he said, shifting the tone of his smile just a little when Sarah started to blush. He didn’t need this getting any
However it happened, John seemed to understand, his thumb sliding off Sherlock’s mouth as his own moved closer. He stopped just barely short, their chapped lips grazing with every trembling breath, and then his fingers pressed firmer on Sherlock’s chin, tipping him up and forward and over the edge.
“Dad,” Sherlock snapped, but John was laughing, and it was hard to be mad at anything that caused that, his mouth curling up as his father slung at arm around his shoulder.
man I’d ever laid eyes on.” She shook her head, chuckling as the table erupted in laughter. “In time, however, I grew to appreciate him as a friend and value his advice. He was the one who encouraged me to go to America for university, as much as my parents were against it. And, when I came back, bored to tears at the family estate and
John grabbed him roughly by the chin, tilting his head up and to the left, and, after a brief moment of terror that Sherlock was actually considering biting his fingers off, the man stilled, anger slowly sliding off his face as his eyes fixed on a point across the street. John let his hand drop away, shuffling back a step to lean against the counter as Sherlock blinked dazedly up at the spot.
“I can’t believe you talked me into this.” John hadn’t stopped glowering since they left Baker Street, and his fingers had hardly left his collar, tugging and twisting at the shiny, pale blue fabric that stretched too-tightly across his chest.
John’s face was thoughtful and also a little sad as Sherlock looked over at him, and the odd expression caught him off-guard for a moment before John spoke. “I don’t know,” he whispered with a soft shake of his head. “If I ask what happened”—he swallowed, looking to the floor briefly before lifting his eyes with confidence—“will you lie to me?”
John shook his head as Sherlock trailed away, opening his mouth to reassure him it was fine just as Irene appeared between them, slinging her arms around their shoulders.
Sherlock, however… Sherlock was unbridled, untamable, and completely unconcerned with consequences. He was the hands around your throat, the poison burning through your veins, the broken bones before the bullet, the added twist of the knife.
“No, it’s- It’s fine,” Sherlock murmured, burying his face in his book to hide the worst of his blush, “and, as I said, I’ve no use for it.”
“Sergeant, what are you asking me, exactly?” John said, his voice growing firmer as his frustration with all this cryptic nonsense grew.
Sherlock sniffed at him, scowling from across the board game, the light flickering from the fire beside them casting sinister shadows over his cross-legged figure. “You expect me to believe that a woman of
“I remember most of it. Least, I think I do.” He chuckled, taking a slurp of the fresh brew. “I remember leaving the restaurant. Then...then you got us a cab,” he said, raising a brow in a question Sherlock confirmed with a nod, “and I remember being back here, talking to you, and then...” He frowned, cradling the cup in his hands as it hovered at his bottom lip. “I think there was...music?” he murmured, and then shook his head, swallowing another mouthful of coffee. “Honestly, it’s all pretty fuzzy. I didn’t do anything I should expect the be blackmailed for if I run for office, did I?”
John twitched a smile and turned, leaving Sherlock to finally suck air into his lungs as the shorter boy riffled through his bureau. He pulled out a pair of black socks, perching on the edge of his mattress as he tugged them up his calves. He then bent down, fishing under the bed before removing a pair of grass-stained boots and thrusting his feet into them. “Ready?” he asked, brushing his shirt down his abdomen as he stood.
“Hi, you’ve reached John Watson! Obviously, I can’t come to the phone right now, but leave your name and number, and I’ll call you back the second I can.”
“You are cordially invited to watch me,” Sherlock snapped, and John choked on his tea, eyes watering as he laughed around coughs.
“No, I- Sorry, I just- I’m...surprised,” he admitted, the unfamiliar word stilted as it rattled off his tongue, and John looked equally taken aback, head shifting back on his neck as his blue eyes stuttered over a blink.
Sherlock knew where he was before he even opened his eyes, John’s dulcet tones drifting under the door to drag him into consciousness.
Greg spoke briefly to one of the guards in French, Sherlock taking out his passport when he overheard it being discussed, the guard disappearing into his booth a moment to scan it in case he popped up on some watch list or broke a priceless royal-family heirloom they needed to bill him for. He leaned forward as they waited, squinting into the snow to snatch some glimpse of the castle he knew lay beyond, but the white sheet was impenetrable to his eyes, the tall black fence stretching out from either side of the manned gate the only thing he could discern from that distance.
By all accounts, John Watson’s life, while not quite charmed, had been more or less on track. That is, until Lord Charles Magnussen had played his archaic trump card and made a bid for the throne. Now, he had less than a month to find someone he’d be able to tolerate for the rest of his life or throw away his birthright, turn his back on the country and people he loved so much, and Sherlock felt a pang of sympathy skitter across his chest, drawstring falling from between his teeth as he fell back into the pile of pillows with a sigh.
“I’ll give it back,” he assured as John took the cup, hobbling over to his usual chair at the experiment-less end of the table. “Next season starts in August, right?” he quipped, and John chuckled into his cup, swallowing down a mouthful of perfectly brewed tea as he lifted his face to his smirking boyfriend.
“John!” Mary beamed, throwing her arms around him, and John, in what was clearly a moment of senility, threw a frantic glance back to the entrance, a swooping feeling in his chest positive that Sherlock would be standing there and see.
John was waiting at the bottom of the stairs looking like he just happened to be standing there, frowning down at the armful of papers he was shuffling in his hands.
“Well,” he muttered, twitching a shoulder, “if I’d known it was gonna be your first match, I would’ve had you wait until we were further along in the finals. That’s when all the exciting matches happen.”
Irene unfolded her hands, propping an elbow up on her knee and placing her chin in her palm, fingers curled thoughtfully against her cheek. “All this hostility, Sherlock,” she mused, clucking her tongue, her tone dangerously gentle. “Are you sure you’re not just...
“I-” he stammered, and John just watched him, lifting an eyebrow in prompt when he did not continue. Sherlock swallowed hard. “You- That-”
“No, please,” Mycroft interjected, straightening his jacket with a flick as he stood. “Come in, Mr. Watson.”
“That’s not even the worst part!” Mary exclaimed, Irene drawing in a breath and taking a long sip of wine, as if to prepare herself for the thrilling conclusion. “Harry goes over to tell him he can’t rearrange the furniture—”
“Here,” Sherlock answered, John’s voice joining him again, the group’s laughter growing louder as the waiter placed the pizza in front of them.
“He could use a refill, if you’re drinking in,” Greg supplied, and Sherlock nearly swallowed his tongue. “Tall, Dark, and Handsome blend. Black, two sugars. Nice seeing you again.” He clapped John on the shoulder, glancing back at Sherlock with a jovial grin and a devilish twinkle in his eye, and then stepped out into the dreary February morning, the bell seeming to echo behind him.
Sherlock stared at him, body shock still while his eyes went everywhere, an unfathomable expression on his face.
It was dark, the time he ought to have been going to bed instead of waking up if the silence in 221B was any measure, but it quickly became clear he was still exhausted, his thoughts beginning to flicker and fade faster than he could grab onto them. Random images passed in front of his mind’s eye, the sort of nonsense he remembered from when he’d gotten terribly sick once as a child, ravaged by fever for days. It took him a moment to make sense of it, but, when he did, his nausea returned with a vengeance, stomach twisting as he tried to close his eyes tight enough to lock out the world.
John laughed, shaking his head as he tied the rubbish bag off. “I’ll be right back,” he said, looking over to catch Sherlock’s nod before hoisting the bag up by the plastic handles and pushing through the swinging door to the back room.
“We could read ‘em together,” John offered. “I read one, give you the important details, and you read the other one.”
Also, I made a survey so you guys can weigh in on the next fanfic that I start working on for after MHITAS ends, so
Anderson mumbled something unintelligible, but Sherlock couldn’t fathom it was anything but acquiesce, and then clicking footfalls were marching toward him and there was nowhere to hide.
John smiled at him, small and meek, and then his countenance shifted to official once more. “So, what
“Sherlock?” he beckoned, voice scarcely more than breath, and Sherlock closed his eyes, vainly trying to stave off the burning behind his eyelids. “What-What was that-”
“Mr. Tyson would be so proud,” Sherlock answered with exaggerated emotion. “Fine. You might as well do
Sherlock couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think, his arm trembling beneath him as his heart began to hammer, and he slowly sat back up, careful not to lean too close to the wide-eyed boy in front of him. “I-” he started, planning to apologize, to beg if it came to it, but John lifted a hand, halting his tongue. Sherlock expected a whole manner of things to happen, most of them involving  physical harm, but John’s hand slowly stretching toward him did not make the list, and a small gasp hitched past his lips as the tips of tan fingers grazed against a curl above his ear.
“I just did,” John snapped, tongue working deliberately through every syllable. “Why did you ignore me for two weeks?”
Sherlock blinked, needing a moment to focus on the intent of the question rather than his preferred interpretation. “No,” he said, voice distant to his own ears, but John didn’t seem to find anything amiss, nodding and vanishing into the kitchen.
Sherlock’s lips twitched in a small smile, his eyes flicking up from the floor for a moment, and John’s lips lifted in response, the approval emboldening him enough to push on.
“This way,” she beckoned, nodding as she began to climb the steps, and Sherlock rolled his eyes at the exaggerated swagger of her hips.
“I don’t really know,” he shrugged, looking down at his fingers twisting together in his lap. “She doesn’t really talk about that sort of thing much, ya know? She’s always out working.” It was the lie he had been telling since his sister was old enough to notice Mum was gone more often than not, and, though she had long since stopped believing it, it was still always the first thing to slip out.
The woman glared at the back of his head, pushing him forward with a jab between the shoulder blades. “There’s only one circus freak here,” Sergeant Donovan spat, John finally placing the gruff tone, but Sherlock appeared unfazed.
John bit his lip, scanning over the office as he thought, and then his eyes caught on a small green sphere to the left of the computer monitor, and he lunged out from under the desk, snatching it in his fist as he wound his arm back. “Then we’ll just have to keep him here,” he muttered to a dumbstruck Sherlock, who moved a second too late, latching onto John’s arm just as the stress ball left his fingers, rocketing across the room after Mr. Curtis.
John puffed a brief laugh, elated at the stark reminder of just who exactly he was standing here with, and then he lifted that little bit higher onto his toes, pulled that little bit harder on Sherlock’s shirt, and then, finally—oh, god,
“We have to make it look like you’re living here,” Mycroft said, ignoring the interruption as he started up the stairs, Sherlock right behind him.
“Better than being interrogated over there,” he said with a wry smile that swiftly warmed. “Company’s better too,” he added with a wink, darting off into the crowd before Sherlock’s brain could catch up to the statement.
“You do understand what this means?” he asked, and Sherlock stopped in the doorway, his jaw tightening. “You know this isn’t really about John?” A few footsteps moved over the tile as Lestrade came to the edge of the table, his voice a bit closer at Sherlock’s back when he spoke again. “He wants
John couldn’t allow that. “Thank you, Constable Donovan,” John said slowly, his tone low and devoid of emotion, “I’ll keep that in mind.”
“So you found a penthouse,” Mycroft urged on, and Irene rolled her eyes, the barebones approach not seeming to suit her theatrical sensibilities.
Mycroft chuckled his politician’s chuckle as he released Dimmock’s hand. “Oh, my apologies, where are my manners? I’m Mr. Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock’s elder brother. I work for the government.”
Mary lowered the play to her lap, smiling eagerly. “That was really good,” she chirped, and John huffed a sharp laugh.
From their spot on the hill, he could just see over the stands to the pitch that lay in the center. It wasn’t quite as elaborate as some of the professional stadiums he’d been to, but there were certainly a lot of seats. He felt a rush of panic flood through him, but it immediately stilled, the familiarity of seeing a rugby pitch calming his fear over how many people would be watching.
The brunette turned away, looking aimless and uninterested as his eyes roved over the cafeteria. “Well, it just seems
Sherlock slowed, turning his head over his shoulder. “Later,” he assured with a nod, and, if John had accidentally made a vow, Sherlock seemed to have stumbled into a promise.
John paused in adjusting the collar of his coat, the points turned up and his hair rumpled like a haphazard dodger. “What? Why?” he spluttered, glancing to Sherlock with a frantic apprehension he couldn’t quite parse.
“Now, now, you sit here, dear,” she fussed, pushing him down at Sherlock’s left with surprising force, a small oomph forced out of him as he landed. “How many waffles?” She grinned down at him, plate back in her grasp and fork hovering over the veritable mountain of carbs.
In the time since Victor and him had broken up, dating and relationships had been the furthest thing from Sherlock’s mind, his hatred for Valentine’s Day cemented in the following two he’d gone through comfortably alone. He had assumed he had evolved past such base feelings and desires—attraction, companionship, romance—and none of the men he’d encountered since had given him any reason to question that assertion.
“Not that I would’ve done anything differently,” he snipped, and the prince opened his mouth, stepping forward to reply, but seemed to think better of it at the last moment, pressing his lips tight and looking back to the queen.
“Naturally,” Sherlock muttered, carding his fingers through his hair as he leaned back in his chair, looking out the window a moment to ground himself back in reality. “Mr. …?”
“Are you sure it’s not too blue of a green?” he asked, plucking at the fabric of the cashmere scoop neck Molly had dragged him out yesterday to buy.
“You do realize all three of you have almost been killed in the past fortnight?” he blustered, pointing his pen at them.
you!?” Donovan shrieked, dropping the files she’d been carrying to the floor in a fluttering heap as she turned to glare at Anderson.
Sherlock stood, unhooking the mug from its precarious position as he crossed to the counter, John lifting a small smile of gratitude before placing the rest of his burden on the table.
“Shh!” Sherlock hissed, snapping the door shut behind them, plunging the room into darkness as he listened to her heels click closer...closer...past.
An undetermined amount of time later, a shrill whistle cut through his musings, and he bit the inside of his lip as a firm reminder not to look up. He furrowed his eyebrows, intensifying his focus on the photos, but was pulled away once again by footsteps approaching from behind.
“Oh. Alright,” Greg said, looking beyond him to sweep the center square. “How about I text you when I’m coming back down to the lobby? We can meet out here.”
“You lied,” he began, voice drawling slyly as he stepped forward, as close as he dared when someone could walk around the corner any moment. “You didn’t need to practice; you just didn’t want me talking with Mycroft.”
“Sherlock,” she said softly at his shoulder, but he did not turn, continuing to ignore her even as she laid a gentle hand on his arm. “Sherlock, he-he said something about Victor,” she murmured, and Sherlock, try as he might, couldn’t keep his breathing steady. “Tell me- Tell me you’re not-”
“And then you’ll complain about that,” Molly said, moving in beside Irene as John shuffled closer to Sherlock, opening up space.
John leaned forward over his knees, intrigued, but it was impossible to glean Sherlock’s reaction when the man had his back to him.
“Of course, Your Majesty,” he said, smiling as he nodded again. “It is my honor to be chosen to assist you.”
you think is going to change the landscape of literature as we know it and spare the general populace your stale opinions.”
look, a startled sort of expression that always meant Sherlock had been accidentally sentimental. “It’ll be fine,” he coaxed, and John’s face shifted to helpless hesitation, eyes flicking anxiously between Sherlock and the hotel. “We just have to get through the lobby.”
“Yeah, people tend to go for wine. More romantic,” she explained, shrugging a shoulder as she measured out the gin.
It wasn’t often Sherlock got even so much as nervous, but he was having something of a panic attack now, heart pounding as waves of heat rippled through his otherwise frozen limbs. His fingers twitched within his pockets as he watched John blink slowly at the glass in front of them, lips slightly parted, a shaky breath frosting out of him.
“I-I’m sorry,” John murmured, rustling a few inches closer. “I’m sure Irene has his phone number or something, if you-”
“But, then again,” he added, sweeping upright and taking a few steps into the room, “what would I know?” He smiled, his lips curling with threat more than amusement, and John could feel the barometric pressure climbing in the room, every hair on his body rising with it.
“Why did we have to have double bio first thing?” Mike bemoaned at lunch late Tuesday afternoon, one of those slightly-better-but-still-not-entirely-back-into-academia days that followed the worst Monday of your life after break. “I would’ve skipped anything else.”
Sherlock swallowed stiffly, but it did nothing to relieve the sudden dryness of his throat. He hadn’t realized he’d taken a step back until John was moving in front of him, an unconscious gesture of shielding as his shoulder overlapped Sherlock’s body.
Moran waited a moment, watching the man’s silhouetted back where he stood in front of the fire, staring down at the flickering light, and then opened his mouth in hesitant prompt. “I- I’m sorry, I-”
As he approached the main gate, the irrationality of his actions began to creep in. He didn’t have a plan, he had hardly thought much about this at all, but now he was rounding the corner toward the main street to- To what, exactly? Burst into Lindsey’s and demand John leave the café for no reason other than Sherlock wanted him to?
Sherlock had watched him worriedly all through breakfast, reminding him at least three times that forks were meant to deliver food to your mouth, not make modern art on the plate. He cast worried sidelong glances all through biology, taking notes himself for once, as John hadn’t even bothered opening his notebook to the correct page. He assured John over and over that restricting communication was something every rehab did, that his mother was fine and this was just a way to get her acclimated to the new surroundings, and John tried to be less morose after that, wanting to avoid reminders of Sherlock’s past vices as much as possible, though he wasn’t entirely sure whose psyche he was protecting more. Sherlock sat with him at lunch, even eating a little when John halfheartedly prodded him, and, by the time they got to the end of their classes, John was feeling considerably better about the whole thing. Which turned out to be extremely fortuitous, seeing as Sherlock’s patience took a nosedive the second they started in on their scenes.
Mr. Parish raised an eyebrow at him. “Be sure you do,” he murmured. “And don’t let Holmes bully you into anything. Remember what I said, Watson. If you have any problems, any at all-”
“I-I thought it was some charity thing,” John mumbled, shrugging, and Mary and Molly rolled their eyes.
“It was on the light,” Sherlock explained, gesturing up at the awful, gold fixture. “Droplets propelled off the statue as Mrs. Gravin bludgeoned her husband to death.”
John’s mouth just sat slack, eyes focused somewhere around the embroidery over Sherlock’s heart. “What?” he wheezed, and then lifted a fist to cover a quick cough. “No, you-you can’t. I’m not having my rugby jacket hung up in a closet that would probably light up like Guy Fawkes Day under a blacklight.”
He shut his lips, staring unseeingly at the wall a comfortable two feet or so to the right of John’s eyes. In his peripheral vision, he watched John shift closer, the clean, grey track pants he had changed into scraping across the floor. Even blurry, he saw the intent in John’s eyes, saw his arm raise, hand outstretched, fingers folding in and out with hesitation.
John glanced back into the office, but no one seemed to be paying him any mind. He lingered for a moment, anxiously debating whether it was expected he would say goodbye, but decided against it and followed Sherlock’s path to the door.
It was a solid minute before he heard John’s footsteps crunch away in the gravel, a car door and revving engine soon following, and then the sound faded away, Sherlock left alone with the steady movement of his blood thumping in his ears.
Without introduction, John followed him, smiling down at the steps as Sherlock pounded up them with childish force. He opened the door gently enough, however, and John closed it behind him before following Sherlock down the small corridor into the living room.
“I hate to be the one to break this to you,” John said with mock sincerity, tipping his head as he passed Sherlock, standing between him and the man, “but not everyone wearing a green shirt is going to want to sleep with you. In fact, most of them probably won’t even wanna talk.”
“Okay,” John said slowly, scanning for a path into the room, but opting to just crouch where he was so as not to disturb anything. “But, if it’s a mugging, why all this?” He gestured vaguely to the pictures near him, which displayed the luxurious interior of what looked to be a home office.
A breathy chuckle puffed from John’s mouth. “Of course you do,” he answered, shaking his head as he smiled properly now.
“You don’t want to tell me things, fine,” he said, voice brittle as he shook his head. “I’ve made my peace with your secrets, but don’t lie to me. Say you can’t tell me, or don’t want to tell me, or shout at me that it’s none of my business, but don’t lie to me.” He hardly recognized his own voice, as weak as it was, and he ducked his head, biting at his lip as he swallowed. “I thought you were my friend,” he breathed, lifting his eyes, and Sherlock almost looked half as shattered as John felt for a split second before he froze over again, and that small denial decided John.
All the air left Sherlock’s lungs, and yet he still wanted to scream, to cry, to beg, because he couldn’t do this, he
John stared after the car, a blush crawling up his neck, his only comfort being that Sherlock seemed equally stunned. “Well,” he croaked, clearing his throat, “that was…”
He tapped the red button on the screen, stowing his phone beneath the counter just in time as the two ladies walked in, their cheery conversation falling into polite smiles of greeting as they approached. “Good morning!” John wished, plenty good at pretending not to be completely falling apart inside after all his time in customer service. “What can I get for you?”
“You do the homework for bio?” the boy grunted, bobbing his brown, bowl-cut head at Sherlock’s backpack, which he promptly shifted further behind his thighs.
“Are you sure you won’t be moving out?” he asked, but it sounded more like added clarification that doubt.
wanted to do that!” he cried, sitting up, kicking his legs against the mattress as he propped himself up onto his elbows. “Try it,” he added, beckoning with a jerk of his head.
“You want the jacket off?” Sherlock asked, and John nodded like a plaintive child dragged to church. Sherlock’s lips quivered, and he pursed them over his teeth to keep from laughing. “Alright. No, don’t lie back down. No- John!”
“I don’t know,” Irene chirped, Sherlock lifting a wary look up from beneath his lashes, “but I intend to find out. Oh, John?”
“John, dear?!” Mrs. Hudson’s voice drifted up the stairs outside the kitchen. “Can you come down a moment? I need your help with something.”
Downtown was quiet, as workday afternoons were wont to be, a few people here and there carrying coffee or shopping bags, the streets growing more crowded as they moved out of the shadows of office buildings and into the shopping district near the square. As they continued to drive, Sherlock took note of the people, the subtle shift in demographic, heels getting higher and coats getting less faux as they drove around the center of town and into a neighborhood of older townhomes and restaurants declaring their incompatible fusion status. They stopped in front of a wide bank of windows, people in suits and tailored dresses dining at white-cloaked tablecloths inside, swirling gold script on the door and a sleek black sign hanging overhead denoting the restaurant “Stella’s”.
Sherlock quirked a brow at her as she avoided his eyes, and then their attention was drawn back to the exchange across the counter, the young woman laughing raucously at something John must have said, though he looked rather regretful about doing so. “He seems…popular,” Sherlock remarked, and Molly scoffed, nodding firmly.
Mary smiled, and then launched into a story about her family visiting the Bahamas, a delayed flight being the reason she hadn’t been at school yesterday. “I messaged you a few times on Facebook,” she said with a small frown, clearly just the barest hint of the displeasure that rippled below the surface.
“Oh my god,” John sputtered, throwing his hands in the air as he turned, grabbing his athletic bag off the floor. “I’m-I’m leaving. I’m going now.”
John chuckled. “Fair enough,” he obliged with a shrug. “Vatican cameos it is. So, if either of us want to leave-”
“We’ll be fine; go ahead,” she assured, and Greg nodded in temporary parting, tapping at his mobile as he made his way out of the throng of impatient travelers. Molly watched him go, a dewy smile on her face, Sherlock staring at her with a climbing brow when he noticed a bright yellow suitcase in the corner of his eye.
“They do?” he asked, genuinely dumbfounded. People liked hearing about him? People wanted his help? He would never have believed it had it not been coming from John.
The walls on either side of him began to crumble, fissures forming over the charred wallpaper as the cracks overtook him in the race to the door.
John smiled, giving the man a single deep nod. “Thank you, Sergeant,” he said, and Lestrade chuckled.
John took it slowly, eyebrows raised, and then froze, stomach seizing and heart lurching as he caught sight of the letterhead on the front—a black crown sitting beside rather telling words. His fingers couldn’t go any further, but the envelope was open, and surely Sherlock wouldn’t have given it to him if it wasn’t- if he hadn’t-
“I-I don’t know when it started. That’s a thing people are supposed to know, I guess, or so I’ve heard, I-I don’t know, I’m not- I don’t...do this. Ever, I mean, I’ve
Sherlock paused as long as he could without prompting John to repeat himself, trying to stall. “Yes.”
John wasn’t entirely aware he was awake until he heard his own waking inhale, slowly releasing the groggy hiss of air as he blinked at the window across the room. The moonlight was fading, a sure sign that dawn was creeping in, and the snow softly falling past the panes of glass was now barely illuminated, much different than what was likely a few hours ago, when he had forced himself to sleep watching the snowflakes flit down. He closed his eyes, turning his face into the pillow as he sighed, his breath clinging hot to the cotton of the pillowcase beneath him, and curled his legs up a little tighter to his body. The moment after, however, he stiffened, eyes snapping open, the prickling sensation of someone watching him tugging at the hairs on the back of his neck. Turning slowly even as his heart rate quickened, he craned his neck around behind him, searching for the source of his uneasiness.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, sighing with forced dramatics as he pulled his phone out of his suit jacket, hitting a button and thrusting the illuminated screen toward John’s face.
“We’re here about a man named Moriarty,” he said, his consonants daggers as he shifted forward, his posture easy but coiled where he stood at Sherlock’s shoulder. “Rumor has it, you might know something about him.”
It was cold with his absence, Sherlock shivering slightly even the second his weight bobbed off the bed, but then a soft rattle of metal reached his ears, and he pushed up onto his elbows, suddenly alert.
“Did you really fancy Harry in year 4?” he asked, and the whole mess started right back up again, Sherlock choking on meatloaf as Harry launched into a detailed account of him falling asleep on her shoulder during one of the many Watson-plus-one trips to the drive-in.
“If you were allergic,” Sherlock interjected, voice quieting as the silence seemed to grow even stiller, “I-I’d have to keep them away from the house.”
Lestrade hadn’t mentioned any cold cases, not since over a year ago when he had given Sherlock a box to get him off his back. They were still sitting in Sherlock’s lab, stored away in one of the metal shelving units used for his equipment, where he would pull them out from in a few days, claiming that Lestrade had wanted to add a few files before delivering the box to him. He would then scatter the files and pictures around, talk a bit about the different cases, ask John’s opinion here and there, and, hopefully, with the addition of a bit more sleeping and eating, John would have no more cause to worry Sherlock was obsessing over the strangulations. He
“Then why are you mocking me!?” Sherlock bellowed, voice cracking a little as he rounded on John with wide, frantic eyes.
He leaned back from the safe confines of his metal box, acerbic retort perched on the tip of his tongue, but he swallowed it down as the beaming face of Mike Stamford met him, the man weaving his way against the flow of between-classes traffic to reach his side.
Wordlessly, she nodded, and Sherlock simply gaped at her a moment before blinking himself back to reality.
He thought he heard more footfalls, a distant voice behind him, but he couldn’t spare the concentration to check. “STOP!” he bellowed just before Moran reached the end of the corridor, skidding around the corner, and John snarled, putting on a burst of speed.
“Great! I’ll be right back,” he said, walking toward the desk under the tent, Sherlock peering around the side of the crate to watch.
Sherlock didn’t seem to notice—or, more likely, ignored it—and smiled down at him, bringing a flush to John’s cheeks. “You would have done it for me,” he said again, more purposeful this time, eyes burning earnest, and John had to manually remind himself to breathe.
, even if he had. “What was it?” he asked, mind jumping the usual three steps ahead. “CCTV cameras at the station? Alert on his credit card?”
“Is that my drink?” she demanded, pointing down at the chocolate concoction in John’s hand, and John blinked his gaze to her, mouth closing into a polite smile.
John quirked a brow at her, looking to Sherlock in confusion, but Sherlock wasn’t much help to anyone right now, still too shocked to so much as take a step. “Yes,” he murmured, shuffling further into the room when it appeared no one was going to shoot him. “At least, I hope I’m the only one,” he added, flashing Sherlock a smile, and that unlocked him somehow, his mouth curling as feeling slowly came back to his knees.
John smiled back, and Sherlock had a rare moment of wishing someone else was as observant as himself. John wouldn’t leave if he could see the stiffness in Sherlock’s body, the tightness around his eyes, the artery in his neck pounding against his skin. But John didn’t see any of these things. John saw Mary, and Sherlock saw his retreating back.
He had no idea what to do, what words were appropriate to say, what gestures of comfort or support were expected. All he knew was that he ached somewhere he couldn’t reach, some piece of himself he suspected now resided within John, and so he did the only thing that made sense in this strange, terrifying, post-gunshot world he was navigating bereft of a map. Gently, he lowered a hand over the taut one of John’s, startling a small gasp out of the boy as his eyes flew open, revealing the dampness pooling at the lower rim. They stared at each other, John shocked where Sherlock was terrified, but he slid his hand more firmly around John’s all the same, prying the stiff fingers away from the bag one by one as he captured them within his own.
He stopped, his eyes scanning the empty stretch of wall in front of him. His eyebrows furrowed, and he turned back around, wondering if he had somehow passed it when a rustling sound reached his ears. Turning forward once more, he noticed a shaft of light stretching out into the corridor from somewhere around the corner and slowly stepped forward. He reached the end of the corridor, popping his head out around the wall to find a door standing ajar. Opposite the open door was another, closed one labeled “DANGER: Do Not Enter”, but John drew closer, trying to find a label on the open room.
John was quiet behind him, Sherlock shuffling at paper inside the desk to avoid turning around. “You have to act like I’m dead,” he finally said, though the words were barely more than a whisper. “Like you- Like you’re lying about it all.”
John was sure his heartbeat must be visible by now, tremors rattling his entire body with every push and pull of blood, but he managed to smile, fingers tapping silently against the base of the steering wheel. “Maybe, er- Maybe we can do it again sometime.” There, he’d done it, he’d crossed the bridge and not fallen in and drowned, and, to his exultant surprise, Sherlock nodded.
He went back to glaring for a moment before stepping forward. “John Watson,” he said coolly, stretching out a hand toward her.
Sherlock sighed, glaring as he lifted his head, but John stared firmly back. “I don’t know, John. Perhaps they are embarrassed that a teenager can do their jobs better than they can.” He narrowed his eyes even further for a moment, and then went back to his work, a clear implication that he wanted the conversation to end there.
Sherlock tipped his head. “And you seemed so happy together,” he deadpanned, and Victor rolled his eyes, Sherlock’s incredulity rendering him catatonic as Victor grabbed his arm, pulling him a few steps farther from prying ears.
“Ya know, Sherlock, you might be right about everyone else,” he said softly, turning back to find the boy in question looking up at him, puzzled, “but you’re wrong about you.”
“At least loosen the tie or something,” Mary muttered, suddenly right in front of him and tugging at the royal blue fabric. “You’re supposed to be convincing me to run away with you, not selling used cars.”
Sherlock choked over a laugh, his throat so unaccustomed to making the sound, and had to cough into his hand a moment before crossing his arms and turning back out to the lake, his expression stoic once again. “Still,” he muttered, watching the swans making their way toward an island further out in the lake, and Mycroft sighed, moving to stand at his shoulder.
Sherlock straightened up, gasping for breath as he recovered from his bout of mirth. “You might have me there,” he chuckled, and John joined in, silence slowly falling between them as the short distance strained with growing awkwardness.
It was probably a bit untoward to remind him he could move closer, so John only smiled at the back of his head. “Goodnight, Sherlock,” he said softly, closing his eyes as he turned his face into his pillow.
“The eternal question asked yet again,” John mused, and Molly laughed, John smiling at her over his shoulder before returning to the best part of his job.
“I am,” the man replied flatly, and John was startled into a bark of laughter, almost just letting the matter go at that.
Mike opened and closed his mouth, a frown creasing his forehead. He then made a small noise in his throat and turned, leaving John to burst into giggles as he made a quick exit through the door.
He dropped off the drink, the elderly gentleman smiling kindly at him before turning back to conversation with his wife, and was just heading back to the kitchen to check on the status of some of his orders when Mary caught his attention, waving a hand at him from her hostess stand. John frowned, circling around the edge of the room to meet her, and the blonde met him just inside the dining area, one eye over her shoulder on the door.
!” he breathed, moving back out along the edge, leaning forward to peer down over the side of the building. “And it’s New Year’s Eve, too! We’ll be able to see the-”
seem to wrap our heads around this whole equilibrium thing,” she explained, still using plurals for some reason, but Sherlock knew a lost cause when he saw it, and simply folded his arms on the table again, shaking his head at his hands.
Sherlock Holmes lifted a hand, smiling sheepishly between John and Molly, and John had to glance down at his body to ensure he hadn’t actually melted into a puddle on the floor.
“Hey,” he said, gently pushing the door open with a press of his palm, “I didn’t know you were back.”
“I am aware that you ruin everything, yes,” John said, dipping a nod, smiling cheekily at Sherlock’s narrowed eyes.
Sherlock’s lips popped apart, all amusement draining away to leave only stunned disbelief. “W-What?” he murmured, a fire erupting under his collar, and John smiled, gingerly rising to standing.
He shuffled a couple inches closer on the sofa, support by proximity. “Do you...talk to them at all?”
John chatted with Mike during the classes they had together, permanently relocating to the opposite side from Sherlock. He sat in the cafeteria or wandered the lawns with some of the rugby guys during break and lunch, and made sure to always be on a different bench from Sherlock during practice. He talked with Mary through English.
,” Lestrade replied off-handedly, but then his voice turned more fervent. “Don’t tell him I told you, though. And don’t get him a present; he hates presents.”
“A gentleman!” she trumpeted in mock surprise, folding her hand over John’s arm as well, and John chuckled, bowing his head.
Lyle, Sherlock’s favorite of the drones Mycroft had moved into 221C on a rotating basis, several more camped out in vans or circling the block, stood in the doorway of the living room. He was dressed in an incredibly unconvincing painter’s uniform, Mrs. Hudson doing some renovations being the cover story for the constant stream of people, but that was more for the sake of the neighbors than anything else, Sherlock having security hardly something that would need to be concealed from Moriarty.
“Oh,” Greg murmured, frowning between them, and Irene laughed, throwing her head back as she moved farther into the room.
“Going with you,” John replied, forehead furrowing as he regarded Sherlock’s stunned expression. “If that’s not...going to make you pass out...”
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” John replied, looking out the window again, but he could feel Mike staring at the back of his head, and slowly turned back. “What?” he asked of his friend’s concerned eyes, and Mike dropped his face to his lap, shaking his head softly.
He turned once again to Victor, who hummed with mocking amusement as he tipped his head. “I’ll just have the gnocchi,” he said thinly, lifting his menu up to John, who took it with a bow of his head before turning to Sherlock.
John tilted his head just slightly, an almost imperceptible quirk of his brows passing up in silent question, and Sherlock nodded, a shiver running all the way down to his toes as John looked away.
“I asked if you’d like something to drink,” she repeated, waving a hand toward Sherlock and the caffeine. “We have coffee, tea, bottles of water.”
John grinned, contemplating his next move as something in Sherlock’s gaze begged him to be kind. “You were by far the best angel up there,” he said, and that appeared acceptable, Sherlock shrugging in acceptance of the praise.
“For love of Queen and country? New Zealand. To not be disappointed? Japan.” He placed his cup on the table, the sofa shifting under him. “They’re the better team overall, and playing at home, which is always an advantage. I’m gonna make some popcorn,” he said, standing up with a stretch, “and change into more comfortable trousers. You want anything?”
“Well, it’s not like I knew who you were!” John trumpeted in defense. “I couldn’t exactly pop over and introduce myself!”
Mrs. Hudson huffed, frowning for a moment down at the radio. “I never did understand that line,” she said, pointing down at the speakers as if they would promptly explain themselves.
Sherlock rested his chin on his folded arms, his elbows spread out across the table, threatening to impale anyone who leaned too close.
“John-” Sherlock’s faint intervention came to him as if through water, and he flicked his eyes to the detective to find him looking at him like a bomb that’s countdown was running out, and there was no minimum safe distance. Whatever he saw in John’s face, his eyes widened, almost fearful, and it was the strangest expression Sherlock had ever directed at him.
“Yes, you are!” John stopped short, never getting much closer than a meter away. “You are hiding in your bedroom talking to yourself, and the sooner you realize that, the better!”
Sherlock paused, tilting his head at him over the file he had opened on his crossed legs. “Yes,” he said tentatively, one of his eyebrows lifting. “You’re the team hooker or something, right?”
His temper flared again, and he snarled, spinning up out of his chair, the pencil tossed aside to ping against a beaker with an eerily resonating hum. He checked the time on his phone—his phone that hadn’t gone off once in the past three hours—and tried to extrapolate what John would be doing right now. He closed his eyes, stalling his pacing and regulating his breathing. Hour one would have been spent mostly talking, nursing beers, and giving grand speeches and proclamations for their future successes. At hour two, they would have hit that ‘I can’t believe I’m not drunk!’ stage of drunkenness, and shots would quick have been relegated. Hour three, the here and now, would likely find a few valiantly drinking on, voices growing louder and billiards ability growing worse, while most would be dwindling, falling into that stage of slurred exhaustion that dictated arms slung around one another while they staggered and giggled home. And none of those arms would be Sherlock’s because he was an idiot and hadn’t thought this through.
‘Don’t,’ Sherlock had interjected, but John hadn’t heeded the warning, shaking his head and barreling on.
boring the first day”—a long-suffering sigh whistled over her lips—“but, last night, he went bar hopping with some friends. Ended up at one of those trying-to-be-trendy-so-it-isn’t clubs.” She crossed her legs the opposite direction with a shrug, exposing more of her legs. “Easy enough from there to get an invite back.”
“Two hundred and forty-three,” Sherlock murmured up at the ceiling, and John’s eyes slipped to slits.
“Who?” Sherlock muttered quizzically, and Lestrade’s mouth dropped open before they were both drawn back to the interrogation room.
A figure stepped out, slowly turning to close the door with a soft creak, and a strip of light caught clearly on his face, capturing the moment he saw John standing there, a silhouette in the shadows.
The man’s brown eyes widened fearfully for a moment before he turned away, quickly bustling past Sherlock without a glance, which was probably for the best as Sherlock was glaring at him.
“Still meddling where you shouldn’t, I see,” the man chuckled, and Sherlock could hear the rustling of his clothes as he knelt down.
John waited until he heard footsteps traveling down the hall outside before flopping back onto the bed with a groan, grinding the heels of his hands into his eyes. In spite of what had happened last night, everything seemed to be pretty well back to normal in the morning light.
“No,” John lied, and Sherlock smiled even as a tear leaked out and trailed down his temple to the pillow, and he blinked, trying to clear the rest of them. “Just a sec,” John murmured, and there was a shuffling of blankets, a rustling that seemed to indicate movement, and then the small click of a door, John likely having shut himself in the hotel bathroom. “What is it? Are you alright?”
“She’s in here,” Lestrade explained, bobbing a thumb at the door they were about to enter. “I don’t think she had anything to do with the murder,” he said, tipping his head in allowance, “but I can tell there’s
“Yeah, you could say that. Soon-to-be doctor, captain of the Bart’s rugby team, and single the week before Valentine’s Day?” she recited, dropping her chin as she pointedly quirked her brows at him. “Not to mention the latte art, which apparently makes
mad at me,” he urged, hands stabbing through the air. “I mean, what!? What do you want me to do!?” John was still shouting, but there was no anger left in his face, no frustration in his voice. He stared up at Sherlock, desperation laid bare in his bloodshot eyes, and Sherlock had to look away, swallowing hard as he turned his face toward the bedroom door. “Sherlock,” John whispered, shuffling closer across the hardwood. “Sherlock, please, just- Just tell me what to do.”
John nodded, swallowing to clear his throat after it had constricted at the sight of Sherlock in dark jeans and an emerald dress shirt. “Only just,” he said, tilting his head as he smiled.
John leaned over the side of the bed, finding his mobile sitting on the tile, and he snatched the device up so quickly, he nearly fell off the mattress, balance tipping as he rolled onto his hip.
“Sherlock?” John was asking, and the swirling mess of his face looked concerned. “Sherlock, are you alright? Sherlock!?”
Sherlock had barely asked him to stay for half-term, let alone over Christmas, and he probably wouldn’t be at 221B anyway. He would go home to wherever that was, and John would go back to where his mother still lived, and it would be fine. Not great, not even all that good probably, but it would be fine, and John wasn’t about to impose.
His door rattled on its hinges, two sharp knocks echoing around the room, and they threw themselves apart like hurricane debris, Sherlock barely managing to steady himself from tumbling off the foot of the bed before the door swung open.
“You think you can just run away!?” she was shouting, and the side of John’s face Sherlock could still see clenched. “Just disappear like nothing happened? Like you didn’t fuck everything up?”
“No reason,” he breathed, his voice shattering over the words, and Sherlock flinched as the door shut behind him, equal parts guilty and angry at himself for feeling guilty.
“Lay down,” Sherlock said, striding to the opposite side of the tub and crouching down. “Put your head here,” he added, tapping a spot on the edge.
“No, I- Well, yes, that as well, but I meant I’ve never been on any sort of team. I always preferred to work by myself if I could help it.” It wasn’t wholly uncomfortable telling John, but he kept his eyes on his jacket as he did.
