"This is an old friend of mine, John Watson," Stamford introduced finally as Sherlock started to weave his way and accept the phone from the doctor.
Slowly, the pressure in Sherlock's chest built until he recognised it as lack of oxygen rather than the vertigo he'd come to associate with kissing John, and he had to push at the shorter man's shoulders to gasp for air. A quick glance at John's face, though, showed it flushed and desperate, his thin lips glistening with their combined saliva; Sherlock moaned frantically and dove back in, laving the saliva from John's lips and plunging his tongue back into his mouth. John groaned deeply, a rough and broken sound.
Sherlock merely rolled his eyes, but there was a resigned set to his face that belied the expression. John knew it meant that if Lestrade found anything in Sussex, Sherlock would have to throw away
, Sherlock had always called it. He'd still expected something a little brighter, more practical, less… morbidly
He lifted his finger from the PA system, clicking it off and turning to Sherlock, pulling the sonic screwdriver out of an inside pocket of his jacket and tossing it to him. "Setting thirty-seven," he said softly. "That'll boost the lights. Try not to look into the forest while you're doing it. That goes for all of you," he directed to Marchbanks and Hannah. "Light bright enough to hurt the Vashta Nerada will hurt you, as well."
Lestrade shifted slightly, unfolding his arms and leaning them against the table. "What did you think would happen when we found you?" he asked. "When
" he responded harshly, bending his torso towards John for a moment before withdrawing, as though they were both ignorant of how close to each other they had become. "
been quite that hard while still fully dressed. The other boy looked up, customary smirk back in place; Sherlock wanted to do something to get rid of it, but just as he was about to move there were fingers on his cock.
was a woman, he thought, John may already have proposed to him. If he had the sudden opportunity to formally share his life with someone who suited him so well, to start a family with them - why would he wait or doubt what he already knew they had?
history. If you weren't supposed to be in 21st century Germany, that's nothing compared to how much you're not supposed to be in 31st century Mars."
alarm you, doesn't it?" he teases, breaking into giggles again when his friend scowls. "Wow," he muses when he's calmed down. "They've got a quote from you now. That means it's official."
The Doctor suddenly grinned brightly. "Coffee!" he said, clapping his hands together, quite abruptly the over-exuberant man he had been before the explosion. "I can't remember the last time I had coffee. I think I liked it. Probably about time to try it again."
cock in his hand, John's calloused hands on his cock. He gasped and wriggled, wincing at the slightly unpleasant sensation of cold semen sliding across his abdomen, not quite willing to dispense of the evidence that something of John had been in his bed –
So a lot of the beginning of this is my take on John's POV of a scene from the show. I know it frustrates me a bit when people take dialogue straight from the source material (and I've paraphrased bits of it, which will frustrate some people even more) so I thought I'd just warn you beforehand. Thought of other ways to do this scene but they didn't work quite the same way.
John shifted closer to him on the sofa until their knees were pressing together, looking hesitant. "You've done an admirable job of hiding it, but… I don't think any amount of makeup could cover those bruises."
And with a last flap of his long-fingered hands, Sherlock stalked back to the settee and threw himself down on it. John stared at him bewilderedly until the detective nodded down at the script still clutched in his hand; reluctantly, John looked down at it and gave Ophelia's final speech.
It took John a moment to process the news, and a moment after that to force himself to take a step backwards and let the assassin go. "What?" he said dumbly; he crossed the room to look inside, Peters doubling over and panting instead of carrying on the fight.
"And I take it being beaten up and forced to exercise for two weeks hasn't squashed your ridiculous desire to join the Army?" he said.
The detective took a surprisingly patient breath in. "Where did you see him, Emilia?" he asked kindly.
The door banged open. Sherlock froze, his hand gripping hard at the base of his cock. He was cocooned in his Silencing charm, but he didn't want to move in case whoever it was saw his bed hangings shifting and guessed that he wasn't asleep. He held his breath, straining to hear who it was that had interrupted him and was now toeing off his shoes.
He had been left face down on the bed, the twin globes of his glaringly-white arse presented quite comically. It seemed as though the murderer had simply cast him aside once he was dead. A quick examination of his neck showed that he had been strangled, and the –
"Yes, it's me," the woman says, and her clear, Yorkshire lilt rings bells in John's mind for reasons he can't quite place. "You sound surprised. Has no-one whose life you ruined ever come back for revenge?"
John supplied, sighing and laying a hand on Sherlock's shoulder, watching the young man lean into it slightly as though starved for touch.
The thought of heavy, oily Indian takeaway after not eating for so long makes my stomach turn. "No. You get some if you like, I'm fine for a bit."
Sherlock stopped as well, turning back to John with a slightly bewildered expression. "Did I do something wrong?" he asked, frowning.
The maid blushed pleasantly. "In June," she said. "I never would have met him without my Lady. She's been so kind to me." Sherlock smiled encouragingly. Devine fell back to toying nervously with the edge of the parchment. "She wrote to me once a week for three weeks, and then her next letter was this one, dismissing me and paying for my wedding. It's not like her at all, and she hadn't given any warning in her last letter, so I reported it."
, which he hadn't, so perhaps he ought to go to bed and try again. He cast one last wistful glance at the violin, yawned, and then conceded the point and went to bed.
John frowned and shushed him. "Don't say that, you'll hurt him," he said indignantly. "He tries. I don't think he'll come back to the theatre, though."
Sleeping was actually quite nice, he mused as he rooted around for take-out cups in the cupboard. It certainly slowed down his reactions for a few minutes as he woke up and an hour or so as he settled down to it, but he felt relentlessly, irritatingly good this morning. No wonder John had been so cheerful the morning before.
you the differentiation between different types of tobacco ash was important," he gloats finally. John picks up the paper and smiles idly.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock apologised quickly, looking at the door to his room uncertainly before closing it behind them.
, he always listens, he always checks everything and makes sure it's what I want, unless it has something to do with
" He pressed a soft, suckling kiss on Sherlock's inner thigh before standing up, tucking himself neatly back into his trousers. Sherlock shimmied off the desk and yanked his pants back up. "Shall we… no-one would think it was strange if you came back upstairs with me. We could just… spend some time together."
of these films he'd spent the holidays watching. Then he caught Hannah's eye from the table across the room and rolled his eyes at her. She blushed and looked away hurriedly as though trying to pretend she hadn't been watching the redhead.
He held onto John's hips when the doctor's knees looked like they were about to buckle, swallowing the hot ejaculate as it flooded his mouth and smirking as he finally pulled off of John's softening cock. "What were we saying about potty mouth?" he queried wryly.
"The Incolumus Charm," John supplied immediately, smiling at the abrupt change of subject. "I understand what it does and how to cast it, but I can't see
have just come in from here, but of course his second reaction is what must have been Sherlock's first reaction: confusion.
Sherlock shook his head quickly. "Let us," he said firmly. "We're not official, we can convince her that if she tells the truth we can keep this from you."
Sherlock grinned, and curtsied mockingly, and all of them except Kemp left the stage for the final time. When they reached the backstage door, Sherlock pounced: apparently not caring who was watching them, he pinned John to the flat of the stage and kissed him like the world was ending.
"Yes." Sherlock's fingers tap and shift at the pictures, moving them into different patterns and arrangements, flying over the forensic notes and reports as though he can read them by touch. "Given that the victims were all female, we're probably dealing with a man, and they all look fairly similar, so I think we're safe in saying it's a specific fantasy. The rape kit was negative, so it isn't a sexual thing – well, his anger with whoever these women represent isn't sexual, but I wouldn't rule out sexual sadism as the underlying motive, it usually is, a crime this specific."
In reply, Sherlock gently presses his hand lower, slides it down his shirt and over his belly, warm and soft and vulnerable, then John catches himself just before he flinches as both their hands traverse the waistband of Sherlock's black pants and come to rest on a portion of distinctly hot, hard flesh.
The young, blonde teacher jogged the last few steps to catch up with them, grinning widely. "Have a good holiday? It's a shame you're not in my form group this year. I fought for you, but apparently they wanted to do it by your subject choice."
John drew an intentionally shaky breath in, as though he was aware of the desire creeping through Sherlock's lines.
He sighed and shrugged on the rest of his costume, watching the young Puck slink onstage and startle the tiny fairy that was his partner for the first part of the scene. He watched them for as long as he could, before he had to take his own place behind the stage door for Oberon's first entrance. He glanced over at Sherlock behind the door on the other side of the stage, but the detective wasn't looking at him. Tobias' elaborate costume evidently hadn't fit Sherlock's taller, broader stature, and the detective was draped in a periwinkle-blue dress made from some kind of gauze that floated around his body. John sucked in a deep breath through his nose, feeling a flare of adrenaline he hadn't had in quite a while.
There was also a longer, darker one to his other side, the side next to the wall, the side from which the lights were hitting him. "
John exclaimed, turning to face his friend in shock. Sherlock hastily wiped the smile from his face.
"More," he mumbled into Grieg's neck, sliding his body down the teacher's, letting his lips catch on the tiny exposed bits of skin and breathing in the whimpers and soft sounds he was drawing out of the taller man until his knees hit the floor.
Theatrically, Carl took his hand off the younger boy's arm, leaving him to slip slightly down the wall before he regained his balance and tugged at his shirt coolly to straighten it. John rewarded the bigger boy with a bright smile as he sauntered off, making sure to bump shoulders painfully with him on the way.
After a moment of internal struggle, the corners of his mouth turn down trying to fight the grin, and after that external sign, he's lost.
They kissed until the smell of pomegranates and steam from the hot water surrounded them, until the bath was a little too deep and John had to put towels down around the edges to soak up the water that slopped over them as they got in. Sherlock submerged his head briefly before leaning against John's chest and sighing in utter content.
John cursed under his breath. "We haven't seen him," he said. There was a pause as everyone processed this information. "We can't go on without a Titania," John said, undoubtedly voicing what everyone else was thinking.
He shouted, and his voice was terrible – Sherlock could almost feel the floor trembling as though his words were a thunderstorm. He took that as a cue, spinning the dials on the lights as high as they would go and then switching on the sonic screwdriver on and pointing it at them, throwing a hand over his eyes and turning his face away in time to see Hannah and Marchbanks do the same.
The bank was moderately busy for the end of the day, but its reputation preceded it, so Sherlock dismissed it; the group of people sitting by the door in full-body suits and tinted fishbowl helmets he gave a second glance. It was odd, given the heat of the day. Even the most eccentric of the Frankfurt nightlife usually abandoned the mock-armor in summer.
It's impossible to know what to say. He'd been so scared that this would happen, and now here they are. There's nothing he possibly
"Please." Sherlock casts himself onto the sofa like his puppeteer has just given up in disgust. "Is there anything to eat? I have to go out again in an hour or so."
" he repeated, then realised he had said it and clamped his lips together guiltily. Once again, both brothers turned to look at him in mild surprise. Now that he thought about it, it ought to have been obvious - Sherlock's grudging acceptance of his older brother's dominance over him and the clear, seemingly petty rivalry between the two that appeared to be almost entirely instigated by Sherlock. "Sorry," he said awkwardly. "I just… should have picked it myself."
since the first role-play. It was embarrassing that his mind could be so derailed with so little to show for it - worse, though, was the part of him that was doing it on purpose, because the longer it took them to solve this case, the longer he had an excuse to be close to John, to be
Sherlock turned right outside the undertaker's, briskly making his way in the opposite direction from where they had come; John was opening his mouth to ask why when just as suddenly he stopped, growled in abject frustration, and kicked the support beams of the neighbouring shop so hard John could have sworn he heard toes breaking.
There was an odd kind of relish in Sherlock's smooth baritone, as though a murder was the best thing that could possibly happen to him. John frowned a little, but he supposed that murders would happen whether the detective wanted them to or not, and having someone around who enjoyed solving them and bringing the offenders to justice was probably better than not having him. "Right," he said instead. "That certainly explains why you can't afford decent living quarters."
; Sherlock himself was conspicuously absent, and Captain Adler didn't spare John a glance from the empty view screen as he wandered through. The rest of the level seemed to be an amalgam of rooms from the ship, including John's office and med bay, the science laboratories and the engine room, where John was startled and slightly disturbed to find two of Lestrade's senior engineers, Anderson and Donovan, locked in an apparently passionate embrace. Like everyone else in Sherlock's mind, the two appeared not to even register John's presence in the room as he hurriedly ducked back out. He'd known there was
John didn't recognise the room within, ostentatiously furnished, dominated by the magnificent canopied four-poster against one wall. He only looked at the décor for a moment, though, before his attention was caught by the room's two occupants.
"We weren't going to," Sherlock said, slightly sharply with a glance in Lestrade's direction. He'd seen plenty of interviews of sexual abuse victims handled absolutely terribly by the police; a few times he'd even thrown the officers out of the room and conducted the interview himself, apologising profusely to the victims. It was a sorry state of affairs, he'd remarked to John afterwards, when he was more sensitive and polite than the police. He didn't think that Lestrade would make the same mistakes, but this was
been encouraging whatever he was doing for the past few weeks because I thought I could handle it, but I couldn't. It was just too much, the sensory flooding of John's smell and the sound of his breathing and my own heart and the feel of his lips and nose and breath against me and the urge to press harder, pull closer, to give and take
John wiggled a mug of tea slightly beside his head so that Sherlock could hear the no doubt perfectly prepared liquid sloshing around inside it. He reached up and took it without looking up from the laptop screen. "Thank you," he said absently. Lestrade's eyewitness statement from the bartender had just arrived.
Lestrade rolled his eyes, apparently used to being treated like this, but Mycroft bristled. "No," he said coolly, with a pointed look at John. "Clearly you are quite capable of finding your own...
"You know," the Doctor said conversationally, "somewhere in the world, there actually are people called John Smith and Bob Jones. Quite a few of them."
turn on her as Sherlock was doing to him. He was even more surprised to feel tears tighten his throat when the detective shuddered slightly and flapped a dismissive hand at him, as though shooing him out of the room. "
John wondered whether he qualified for that group; Sherlock knew an awful lot about him and his past, but most of that was information he'd either volunteered or his friend had worked out in one fell swoop the very first time they had met. He'd never
The sailor sighed. "We never intended to hurt Lord Eustace. I wouldn't have been against it, but Mary insisted." Sherlock's lips twitched, but a shadow had fallen across Crocker's tanned, melancholy face.
John supposed once Mycroft knew what they had done the Justices would have to get involved, despite the Constabulary's best efforts to sweep it under the rug. Sherlock's shoulders slumped again. "Yes, I suppose you'd better," he said resignedly. "He'll want to bring Peters in, but it won't help."
Sherlock shrugged as he waved an arm for a taxi. "I look after the people who help me so that they'll help me again."
Sherlock paused at the door with his purple necktie halfway around his neck and grinned lasciviously, his eyes on John's bare legs. "I will be content either way."
He wondered what Sherlock would think if he knew how John thought about him, if he turned around right this moment and caught John's eyes lingering on his body. He didn't see Sherlock as the kind of man who would be disgusted at the idea, but it was different when it was happening to
"What did he steal?" John asked, bending to try and roll the man over to retrieve whatever it was, quickly checking his pulse and feeling the cheekbone where he had hit it in case he'd broken it. He hadn't.
, no less – it didn't really matter how ridiculous he looked. Sherlock had only ever seen one woman come in real life, and he wouldn't be caught mimicking
that were battering their way across his mind and distracting him from the disgusted look on Bill's face. "Just because I'm okay with you liking blokes doesn't mean I want to hear about it."
Sherlock shrugged unconcernedly. "I have other friends, other people in the Government who owe me a few favours, and I know enough myself to build a good enough picture. The only thing Mycroft could give me that I couldn't get myself is his theories, and even if he'd give them to me I've already explained to you how dangerous theories are if you rely on them instead of the data."
The woman tilted her head to one side in her typical expression of frustration when Julien forgot trivial details about clients and customers
John grinned back at the barman, seeing the boy grin out of the corner of his eye. Ben had come to the Lord Chamberlain's Men after Will Shakespeare had found him at the back of a pub, performing something that the company had devised themselves, in which he was playing a lascivious scullery-maid named Molly. The nickname had been with him ever since. John didn't think that the boy minded; it was a reminder of his talent, after all. "Cheers," he replied, lifting the beer in a sort of grateful salute. "Haven't seen Will, have you?"
roll his eyes this time. And yet – there had been James Phillamore all those years ago, went to get an umbrella and never came back; people just
fell out of it, it was all John could do not to grab the man and press their lips together. "What," he asked instead.
He wanted to cover himself in the sensation of John's skin the way one might luxuriously spread themselves over a sheepskin rug or silk sheets, but he had a feeling John might object to being spread out and rubbed up against like an over-friendly cat. He smiled into their kiss in utter contentment.
"We're all right here," Sherlock tried to protest, but Angelo was already out from behind the bar and weaving his way between tables. John was impressed to see how many of them were full. He looked at Sherlock with a wry smile; the detective shook his head. "Honestly," he said in a mock despairing tone. "It's not like I saved his life, or anything."
Grieg was better at keeping quiet than Julien was, the steady sound of his heavy breathing broken only by the occasional gasp or grunt as Sherlock did something unexpected. His hands, however, made up for this lack of expression; the one fisted in Sherlock's hair tightened and loosened with the rhythm he was attempting to maintain, which meant every time Sherlock bore down on his cock Grieg tugged on his hair to the point of pain. This shouldn't have been making him more aroused, but it really was. He'd think about that later. The other hand was busying itself stroking firm circles into the skin of his neck, sliding under the stiff collar of his shirt to caress his shoulder. When he came, Grieg brought both hands up to cup the back of Sherlock's neck, his every muscle contracting, and let out a long, soft groan.
To his surprise, Sherlock shook his head slowly with a discontented hum. "I'm not sure that we should let on that we know, actually," he said quietly. "There's a possibility that it's Mycroft's people who are after her. And that's why he's more interested in simply
Sherlock nodded slowly, apparently appeased. He lifted the wine bottle from the mantel and held it up to the light, frowning at it. It gleamed red, dregs and bees' wings floating around in it. The frown intensified as he put it down and looked back at the glasses; even from where he stood, John could see the dark droplets that remained at the bottom of all three glasses, one even containing the scraps of bees' wings.
The detective flapped his hands in irritation. "And Viola only acknowledges the clothing, not the proposal. That's ridiculous."
John groaned as he bent his head to take one testicle into his mouth and suckle it gently; the fingers in his hair tugged deliciously for a minute or so until Sherlock released it, turning to drop long licks over the other testicle before moving on to his cock, licking the taste of semen away from it before slipping it into his mouth and moaning at the resulting yank on his hair.
"Yep," the Doctor threw over his shoulder, still tapping at the laptop and trying to zoom in on the plans. "It's a Sonic Screwdriver." He looked up at Sherlock, then, frowning slightly in amazement. "My
Sherlock gave him a wry look. "Yes, it is," he contradicted, "but that isn't all the evidence. You've seen the Randalls' work before, this isn't anything like it. Who
with John's face, too… Sherlock tipped his head to one side and widened his smile slightly, raising one hand to lean closer to the mirror, eyes fluttering as though in anticipation of a kiss –
The detective snorts out a long, loud breath and flops back onto the pillows. "Okay," he says finally. "But I want to see you, John. If I'm naked the very least you can do is adopt the same state."
Sherlock wasn't sure what he had expected from an oxygen forest, but the white domed ceiling definitely wasn't it. The walls of the place curved steeply upwards into a huge dome that must have looked fairly spectacular from above, arching out of the red soil. More unnerving, however, was that the light in the dome seemed to be emitted by whatever the walls were made of, casting a slightly unhealthy, artificial pallor on the great trees. Other than that, it looked like a conventional 'Old Earth' forest, like it had been transplanted straight from the middle of rural England.
Angelo's deep laugh rang through the inn once more. "That, Sherlock certainly can," he chuckled. "I don't know how, but he can."
Sherlock shakes his head minutely, one corner of his mouth twitching up. "It's very possible. But then, it's also very possible that the letter was somehow lost with Lucas, or that whoever has it now will offer it to the British government first. Trelawney-Hope was exaggerating, though, there won't be war. Although someone probably told
, she'd realise that she shouldn't be dating them. That there were people out there whom she actually cared about, who actually cared about her."
down there, but I don't think they were alive - they were more like ghosts. They were psi-able, I could feel them probing at my mind. I think that's how Ensign Phillamore died: I could stop them getting into my mind, but he wouldn't have been able to. The Commander… he said he would try to communicate with them, that if they were psi-able he could make them see that we weren't a threat, because they were so hostile. But then he didn't react when Ensign Phillamore collapsed, and then I checked his pulse and realised he was dead - and…" she stuttered, tears rising to her bright emerald-green eyes. Captain Adler rubbed her arm comfortingly to coax the rest of the story from her. "And then I turned around to tell Commander Holmes and he'd collapsed too, and he was sort of thrashing around like he was trying to fight them off, and I thought - if he couldn't stop them, it killed Ensign Phillamore so quickly - the rest of the psi-null party were in danger, so I contacted the bridge to get us out of there."
, John corrected himself with a tiny smile - nodded in an understanding sort of manner. "Well, I look forward to working with you,
Lady Brackenstall sat back in her chair and carefully arranged her face back into its serene, out-of-place smile, like lifting a mask back in place. "I appreciate that, Master Watson, Master Holmes," she said softly. Her blue eyes gleamed as she stared them down, wide and trembling, almost
"Nice to meet you," Sherlock answered instead of providing his own name. John smiled thinly. "So, um… what do you do? Other than drink on weeknights, that is."
"That's…" John's mouth opened and closed for a moment, searching for any kind of word that would describe the incredible flood of logical conclusion that had just poured from the actor's mouth. Holmes' angular face closed off quickly, the smirk fading. "That's amazing. How do you remember things like that? Do you always… draw conclusions that quickly?"
Lady Brackenstall was breakfasting on eggs and toast in the dining room, the long table empty but for her as Teresa stood unwaveringly by her side. Sherlock slid effortlessly into the seat opposite her and steepled his hands beneath his chin.
The detective gives a little smirk that says that this is exactly what he was expecting. "Has he? Well, then, I think we should help him out."
bridge to continue to the level below. "Do you actually know for certain that Anderson and Donovan are sleeping together?" John asked as they passed the bridge, grinning. "Or was that just your mind speculating?"
ordinary. Certainly no-one else had ever reacted to him quite the way John had. He smirked idly instead, flapping Julien's hand away from his face. "He certainly seemed fond of me," he said, intending to make his voice sound disparaging but failing so dismally he flushed red in embarrassment. "He wanted to meet me for lunch on Saturday."
"Am I going to have to guess what happened, or would you really rather not tell me?" she asks as she sits back down, her hand going back around my shoulders. I hold my breath until I can be sure I'm not going to cry again.
He hoped it wouldn't come to that - John knew that his friend would try his hardest not to hurt Tobias, but if everything else failed, he knew Will would be forced to mention how shabby the boy's work had become, and possibly threaten him with being replaced. He tried to shrug the matter off. "So, Molly," he said in as light a tone as he could, "I notice Sherlock stuck around. He's been around
Eyes turned to John and Sherlock; he guessed that either Will or Ben would have mentioned that they had been working together. He glanced up at his best friend, who was grinning at Ben in amused resignation.
, that's not the point." John hid a smirk at his friend's cavalier attitude to his popularity. "It was a good performance, well put-together. That's not the point either - the point was, their Bel-imperia absolutely blew me away."
The Vulcan hesitated for a moment, her eyes darting down to the First Officer. "I can do it," she said firmly.
Mycroft Holmes tossed the radio onto the bed and poked at a beaker with the end of his umbrella. "But I see it wasn't enough to stop you staying up into the small hours with your little experiments." Sherlock was very careful to keep the point of the curved sword pointing at his brother, and eventually the elder stopped his fiddling. "Do try to get yourself together in time this morning. Mummy will have a fit if you miss the train again."
Judging by the look on Sherlock's face as he subtly tried to crane his neck to see inside their house, John wouldn't have encouraged Peters to count on it. Whether or not the assassin believed him, Peters smiled awkwardly in dismissal. "As I said, Constable, this really isn't a good time - my wife is very distressed about her mother, I'm afraid I cannot allow you inside my house."
"Terry!" Bill snapped back in the same tone of voice. A few people at the back of the room tittered.
Cinematically, the doorbell rings. Once upon a time, he hadn't believed that such timing was naturally possible, but with Sherlock things seem to happen with perfectly
. These last twenty-four hours, since the explosion and the message from the bomber, had been quite possibly the worst experience that John had had since coming back from Afghanistan, and that included the night before he met Sherlock, when he'd sat for an hour with his eyes travelling between his empty blog and his loaded gun. The challenge of the bomber, with whom Sherlock claimed to have so much in common, had thrown the detective into a new state of sociopathic mania, and every time he made a flippant comment that showed his apparent disregard for the fates of other human beings John couldn't help but think it was his fault.
"Please, John," the detective scolded, opening his grey-green eyes with a slight jerk of his torso, as though coming back to himself from very far away. "Take a seat. I'm not used to company while I do this, but I believe I will find it beneficial to have someone to talk to."
"Yes, well, I imagine the way Sherlock does detective work it's basically theatre," the playwright cracked. They both laughed, John picturing some of Sherlock's most intense dramatic gestures and pauses, and then Will leaned forwards seriously. "John, I really think you're overreacting," he placated. "I don't imagine Sherlock finds himself in that situation very often,
Sherlock was quiet, staring at the floor. Thinking back on it, John supposed he had just unwittingly insulted Viola's entire gender.
Also, I'd just like to point out that while Joseph Grieg was originally a representation of my darling flatmate, I am in no way attempting to imply that the man I have devoted so much of my life to takes advantage of/sleeps with his underage students. Or even the of-age ones. Not even the really gorgeous ones like Sherlock. He apologises.
," he scolded. His voice clearly stated that he wouldn't tolerate argument; it was a voice that made the carefully-conditioned soldier in John stand up straighter as though itching to salute.
John grins at him. He knows Sherlock has been itching to say it all morning, and really he supposes he has it coming. "You can say it."
Lestrade looked surprised, but didn't make any comment on it. "Right," he said instead. "Well, nice to meet you. Lady Brackenstall is in the sitting room - we had to move the body as she's still living in the house, but otherwise the scene is undisturbed. I'm sorry, but there might not be much for you to do - I sent for you before the Lady came around, and she turned out to have far more memory of the event than we expected."
and out to sabotage his burgeoning relationship with Sherlock was somewhat amusing. He had to admit the look on that weathered face that suggested he would dearly like to throw Julien out of a window for past transgressions left him slightly breathless. "Very well," he conceded. "And which item were you interested in? I am afraid I cannot part with the snuff box for anything contained within the depth of
The few people milling about in the lobby had turned to see what was going on, and Sherlock heard a few frightened murmurs and a muffled scream. He frowned as the suited robbers didn't move. "Right," he said decisively. He refrained from rolling up his sleeves, but the gesture would not have gone amiss as he took a deep breath. "I've never seen an outfit like that before, but you can't possibly wear it just for fun, so they've been designed or at the very least procured for this specifically: you're almost definitely not in this for the money – what is it, the challenge? I'd say you're
"Thank you. If you could leave a point of contact with us, we'll be in touch at some point tomorrow." John waits for the showing off, the string of deductions, but Mrs St. Claire does not request them, and so Sherlock, with a slight grudging air, does not deliver. John pretends not to be even a little bit disappointed.
when Carl Powers' thrashing had subsided into shudders and the teachers grouped around him were exchanging terrified looks.
Lestrade frowned, but he opened the door wide enough to allow the two of them inside. "That's an extraordinary coincidence," he commented as they took a seat on the threadbare furniture in the Constable's living room. "After you left I checked the registry. The burial is at 8am, and they have all the appropriate documentation for the mother-in-law. Two separate surgeons pronounced her death from natural causes. Incredibly lucky for them that she just happened to die right when they were plotting a murder."
The younger girl laughed lightly. "You all right?" she asked, her voice amused, coming closer. He chuckled darkly.
signal between the two of them. Sherlock glances at the doctor with a sort of idle smile on his face. "I'm afraid I can't help you."
John screams, not caring whether the detective can hear him because surely he knows what John's doing; he comes hard, and for a moment he forgets the disappointment and the gut-wrenching conclusion and just remembers what it was like to
For some reason, and John could never quite fathom what it was, Sherlock Holmes seemed to like him. They had met at the Academy: the class they were taking together was John's favourite, and so perhaps he had impressed the Vulcan by "not being quite as stupid as everyone else in the class", which, coming from Sherlock, was a compliment indeed.
Sherlock tried to shrug, but the movement didn't come out quite the way he had intended through his bound wrists, so he hummed uncomfortably instead. "Only right there – ah! Don't stop, please, Vince."
Sherlock blinked. "Of course," he agreed. In fact, he should have been able to come up with that on his own. The fact that so much of his surrounding was unfamiliar, that there was
Will frowned. "That first line can be delivered from backstage, can't it?" he said, flipping a few pages. "
John laughed, leaning his forehead on Sherlock's collarbone and looking down at him. The jeans he had worn to work were his nice ones, a deep indigo denim that clung appealingly to the curve of his arse and thighs, the front of which was bulging slightly with the weight of John's budding erection. He reached down and adjusted it with a self-conscious little chuckle. Sherlock laughed, a carefree, too-loud noise that made the doctor start slightly. John reached up to touch the lock of hair that fell over his forehead, much the same way as one might stroke back a woman's fringe. Sherlock smiled shyly. "Shall we go, then?" he asked, one hand drifting back to the laptop behind him.
were the one who suggested I practise them on you," he reminded him. "I told you, the practical spells aren't what I'm having problems with. There's just so much
Sherlock made an impatient noise. "You've heard of a Penseive, right? Well, if you can take thoughts and memories from your mind and put them in a Pensieve, or bottle them and give them to someone else, why can't you just throw them away?" He lifted his wand – thin and dark and elegant-looking – to his temple and withdrew a tiny gossamer thread of thought, letting it hang between them for a moment before casually dropping it into the saucer of his teacup. John leaned over in time to see the noticeboard in the lobby swim around the surface before fading away. "Like that."
from him because they weren't real, just like holograms being played back for the real Sherlock's amusement. He supposed that would make it easier for him to recognise the real Sherlock when he found him. Or would that Sherlock not notice him either? What would he do if he
Nothing like that ever happened between Jim and I. I felt sorry for him, and then we just sort of… but it was
"I'll be sure to let him know," Lestrade commented dryly. "He knows we're still watching the house, surely he can't think taking him out of the house will help." Sherlock lifted a doubtful eyebrow but did not comment. "Is it the first rehearsal for the new play, then?" the man diverted brightly.
"Yes, well, it wasn't interesting on its own, but now there have been three of them it becomes much more stimulating."
expression on his friend's face. "Yeah, I'm really sorry about that. It just wasn't going to be helpful with where I want to go."
John's knowledge of BDSM techniques made Sherlock pause for a moment, not realising he was staring until the doctor lifted an eyebrow at him. He forced a careless smile. "That would certainly allow for the element of surprise - he had no idea when she would begin to disobey his orders and move her hands. It's definitely worth exploring, thank you, John."
Sherlock clapped him on the back. "Everything is fine," he said, with a smile that was aimed at John alone. "I was thinking that once we have played with this scene a little more we might try something that involves three players. I have a number of scenes from
The actor brightened, withdrawing the folds of paper from an inside pocket of his incredible coat. "It's very difficult to gain an accurate picture of a play from two cue-scripts, especially when they only contain the first act," he said briskly. "One day, I should hope it will be possible to give every actor an entire script before they begin to rehearse. A character is shown just as much by other people's lines as their own, and I have seen a great deal of subtext and foreshadowing left out of good plays because the actors simply did not have the information to portray them."
"I don't want you to go," I say firmly, looking at him and clamping my hand over his. John's stormy blue eyes widen and his face contracts in something that could be pity or guilt, I can't tell quite yet. "John… You are completely entitled to call me an idiot right now, because I have been… what was it you said about me in that blog entry when we first met?
John was pleased to see a slight flattered expression on the young Irishman's face as he sat next to Bill. He wondered if it was too patronising to feel sorry for Jim, to 'take him under his wing' and involve him so deeply in his own group of friends. But he was so incredibly intelligent and interesting, and it wasn't as though John was
Sherlock's eyes flickered up to John, his engrossed frown returning. "Then we had better join him," he replied, fishing a coin out of his pocket once more. "Thank you, Billy. Coming, John?"
Then John stopped. "Sherlock," he growled, his voice rough. A strangled sort of noise bubbled out of Sherlock's throat before he realised that John's thrust were slowing and stopping. He sat up. "Sherlock, I've got to stop."
John fell to a broader look around the office as the butler rifled through a second desk-drawer, from the burnt-out fire in the grate to the dusty books in their dark wooden shelf to the fancy clock hanging on the wall in clear view of the desk.
wanted to, and had only done it for the sake of the case, the way he reluctantly joined him on uncomfortable stake-outs or pretended to be drunk or infirm while Sherlock lured in suspects?
Jim turned slowly to look at Matt, his smile not reaching his eyes. "Yes, I'm fifth-form," he replied pleasantly. "I had a… run in with someone named Powers this morning, and that's how I met John."
"Redbeard, here," he called the dog without emotion. John started slightly: Sherlock's override passcode to his quarters was 'Redbeard'. He'd always assumed it was a tip of the hat to an Old Earth pirate.
Sherlock got impatient very quickly. Yes, Grieg's voice kept up a steady stream of noise that was somehow comforting even if it didn't mean anything, but the Chemistry textbook was boring and he hadn't really turned up to sit there and listen to the other man talk. To try to get his attention on more favourable matters, Sherlock dropped the pretence of Chemistry entirely and stared openly at him, his finger dragging over his bottom lip. Grieg, though, was buried in an essay that seemed distinctly sub-par and didn't seem to notice. He started to pay more attention to what the teacher was actually saying; the essay was written about some kind of pot or vase and while generally it seemed pretty dull, the odd word stood out among the babble that Sherlock thought he could turn in his favour.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "We don't think the shadows have spread outside the oxyforest yet." His eyes fell on a series of pipes and controls, what looked like a row of pressure dials and some kind of intercom system. "Is this the water system to the forest?" Marchbanks nodded. "And that intercom, can we reach Fitzherbert's office from there?" Another nod. Sherlock nodded sharply. "Right. Are either of you two familiar with how this works?"
Sherlock stared at it for a moment. "Oh," he finished blankly, as though the information had caused his mind to stall slightly like a horse at a fence. He closed the pocket-book with a snap. "Of course, John, forgive me." He handed the book back to the butler without looking at him and strode back around the desk. "Let me accompany you, I have a few things I wish to discuss with Master Shakespeare."
She giggled. "No – they wouldn't understand that you're too sweet to look at them in their underwear," she remarked, her hand trailing down his arm. John squeezed it when it linked with his, trapping her fingers between his own. "I can just imagine the Cuxton lot screaming."
The Ambassador smiled, pulling his godson closer against his side in an approximation of a hug. "Trust me, Sherlock," he said warmly, "you will know."
There was a pause; it wasn't uncomfortable, but John still got the feeling that he had missed the point of the constable's original statement. He looked back at the man for confirmation. "He doesn't have a history of making friends easily ," Lestrade admitted after a moment. "I'm a little curious to know what made him choose you so quickly."
"Good," he replied easily, gesturing to Henzell and nonchalantly sipping his own drink. He turned his attention more obviously to the bruises on her face, neatly covered up by concealer and foundation but still visible. They looked slightly older than he would have expected, but seeing the lengths she had gone to to cover them up it wasn't unreasonable to assume she had put salve on them to speed their healing. It seemed like the routine of someone who had to hide bruises often. She shifted self-consciously under his scrutiny, her hand twitching around the empty glass as though trying not to touch her face.
She's right, of course. I need to apologise for the things I said to John, to let him know that I wasn't as angry as I might have sounded and that I
Politely, Lestrade had waited until they arrived before asking any questions. Charlotte eyed Sherlock angrily when he walked in. "Is he a police officer? Surely that counts as entrapment."
John painted their young Demetrius' eyes with his flowers as Ben scampered off and re-entered, alone and looking no less gleeful at the misfortune he'd brought on the lovers. "
He didn't worry that John might think he was in pain and barge in, unsuspecting. The good doctor masturbated enough – one day, John will ask Sherlock how he knew and the detective will smile and look in the other direction – that he knew what the act sounded like, and did he perchance hear a drawn-out groan or two he was British enough to turn beet-red and roll over.
Well, bugger that. Today John cheerfully dons his most obnoxious fairisle jumper and bounces down the stairs two at a time, humming
from James. John closed his eyes, trying to clear his mind and focus on his study, until he felt himself starting to drift off to sleep and cursed to himself. Living with James had its ups and downs: playing Gobstones until one in the morning was not a particularly tactical move in the week leading up to an exam.
The man opened a mirrored door in the room's dressing table to reveal an ornate jewellery box and several pendants hanging from hooks on the door. John drew in an impressed breath through his teeth. The ones that had been left behind were probably more valuable than everything John owned. Sherlock bent to examine the box, his dark curls tumbling across his forehead and obscuring his frown of concentration.
John eyed the woman, who giggled again, tilting her chest forward so that her breasts almost spilled out of her dress as though to demonstrate that they were, indeed, dun-coloured. "Flattering," he commented. "Women will swoon."
He looked up at the Doctor, his finger on the switch, to find that the green eyes were alight and sparkling. Sherlock raised a lazy eyebrow inquisitively and received a nod in reply. He grinned, suddenly and sharply, and flicked the switch off, plunging the forest into darkness.
He settled down on the other settee beside Bradley, watching Jim butter a slice of bread to make a crisp sandwich. He supposed they'd have to see how it went.
Once the police had thrown him bodily from the building, Sherlock caught the bus back to Cuxton and slid inconspicuously into his seat beside Julien in the Human Biology classroom just as the bell for start of class went off.
John paused, slightly floored. He hadn't thought of it quite like that, but what Sherlock had said made sense. "That's why Shakespeare wrote the final scene the way he did," the detective continued. "Remember, you said when I came to complain about it that he had said that he wanted to write
"I'm afraid we're not finished, Reverend Slessinger," Lestrade said firmly, a hint of steel entering his voice. John raised an eyebrow; he'd never heard the Constable speak with such quiet authority before. Peters stopped from where he had begun to close the door. "If you would just allow Master Holmes and Captain Watson to conduct a preliminary search of your house? They will not disturb your belongings and any invasion of your family's privacy will be as minimal as they can make it."
to look young and vulnerable; he could feel his body curling in upon itself as he waited in the hallway, hoping desperately that none of the other teachers would walk past while he stood there outside the Classics teacher's door in his pyjamas.
"I certainly saw someone who could run a lot faster without that ridiculous cane," he replied nonchalantly, sliding into the taxi first. "If I'm honest, it was more what you saw in me. You said 'brilliant' when everyone else said 'piss off'. I couldn't let that go."
Another line scratches into the sand with bitter vehemence. Sherlock's face is emotionless, intent on its task. John wants to reach out and comfort him; he knew Sherlock's childhood was bad, but he never wanted to ask. "Mycroft grudgingly lent me money to rent a flat, because he knew Mother would be upset if I died on the street. The flat was awful. It smelt of urine and the other people in the building were people I never wanted to be like. But it was hard to live in a place like that and not be corrupted a little bit; I started shooting cocaine and chain-smoking." Sherlock savagely stabs out another line in the sand. "From there it's boring. Drugs, depression, hopelessness."
It's so sudden and violent that both of them jump. When John realises that Sherlock yelled loudly enough to give
Unfortunately, McAuliffe chose that moment to look around and caught them like that, Bill geared up for another round of convincing and John waving him off. "Murray! If you cannot leave Mr Watson and his talented associate to their work, I will be forced to remove you from the classroom."
"The pool," John said triumphantly. Bill's eyebrows shot up. "He was meeting that blond we saw him making eyes at."
of the situation that he couldn't move his hands from clutching John's arms. Then he bit the doctor's shoulder gently. "Please, John, stop," he murmured. "Or I'll come before we even get in the bath - I think
John thought about it. "But if it's not him, then we lose his inside knowledge of Her Majesty's inner circle until we decide to let him know."
been involved, but closed it again fairly quickly. "Sorry," he said instead. Sherlock barely glanced at him, bending back to his pile of papers.
If he thought about it - and admittedly he had been trying not to - his feelings for Sherlock had come upon him so suddenly and so strong as Orsino's for Olivia. He had always thought that there were two kinds of love: the kind that lasted was the kind that started slowly, with conversations and interests, like Will had built his marriage on. The kind he always seemed to end up in seemed to burn out as quickly as it begun, a blaze of passion and obsession that faltered once he actually grew to know the person. If Orsino had ever married Olivia John had no doubt he would have fallen out of love with her within months: this joy was a hunt in itself, and once he had caught her the hunt was over and so the joy with it. It reminded him of his fleeting interest in Molly - he knew very well that if the youth ever showed the slightest interest in him he would never allow either of them to act on it. It was love for the
trouble. John remembered very clearly pulling a couple of burly second-year Gryfindors off him two weeks into his first year as a Prefect. When he'd asked Sherlock if he was all right the boy had shrugged his hand away and stalked off.
Sherlock quirked a smile. "Even you can tell that he's wealthy. Probably arrogant, too, judging by the way the wealth is displayed throughout the house and the clothes he's almost wearing. So – young, passably handsome, rich and arrogant man who's dominant with his sexuality. I would hazard a guess that he's not particularly careful with his submissive lovers. There must be a long list of women he's abused under the guise of BDSM."
"You can survive indefinitely without killing," the Doctor said through clenched teeth, his voice still echoing through the PA. "I will give you back this forest if you give
They broke apart at the sound of Bill's obnoxious voice, but Timmy's thin fingers clutched onto John's jacket to keep him close. The redhead stood by the departure gate, his arm around his wife, grinning as she held onto him as though he were going away for a simple holiday. John couldn't help but smile. "It's time."
The boy jumps, staring at him with wide eyes. "I… I 'ad some of Eddie's gardenin' tools an' the like. They gave 'um to me, officer, I swear, when they read 'is will this morning. I came down 'ere after, to tidy up the lawns an' that, 'cos I usually do it on a Tuesday an' I din't see no reason to stop. Just 'cos 'e's dead dun't mean the grass stops growing, y'know? So I come down 'ere with 'is gardenin' tools in my bag and I get arrested. I en't done nothin' wrong, officer."
They arrive at Pentonville Prison in a flurry of black coats and curls and scarves – well, Sherlock does – and imperiously demand access to the cell where they're holding Humphrey Boone, the homeless man being held in connection with the disappearance of Neville St. Claire. John tries to look as though he has some idea of what's about to happen, but he has to admit that when Dimmock turns up, red in the face and clearly hankering to yell at someone, he's just as clueless as the rest of them.
Sherlock hummed, but he sounded thoughtful. "Actually, from our parts in the first act, I'm not certain the romance between Viola and Orsino - that's my character and yours, I don't know how much you know about the play - is the centre of the story. It seems quite likely that the romance plotline between Viola and Olivia will be more developed."
to John, and not about the play. He grinned instead, watching as the almost scared expression on the other man's face broadened into a return smile. He suddenly re-evaluated his opinion of the younger man: perhaps not someone raised to privilege who expected to be attended, someone born to arrogance and superiority, but someone who had adopted them as a defence mechanism when the world decided he didn't fit. He remembered the surprised, flattered smile on his face when John had complimented his observational powers. Those sorts of too-personal comments must offend more people than they impressed.
When they pull up outside number 10, Downing Street, John can't help but stand protectively closer to Sherlock than usual, reassuring him with his presence. The detective reaches down and squeezes his hand.
Sherlock shuddered in arousal at the image, a soft moan escaping his lips. Julien's green eyes snapped up to his, and the boy's lips twitched into what might have been a smile had his mouth been empty. He could feel the muscles in his hips twitching with the involuntary thrusts he was trying to hold back as Julien's mouth kept slowly and gently advancing down his length. He bit his lips to stifle another moan as one of the other boy's hands left his hip and travelled down his own torso to disappear under the waistband of his pants.
solve high-profile crimes with my mad best friend I never would have believed them. I probably would have thought they were just humouring my overdeveloped sense of adventure."
"I said, you haven't called Sarah in a while." John just looks at him; his relationship with Sarah had ended months ago. "Not Sarah, sorry. The other one. Hannah. Rebecca. No – Janette."
He thinks back to this afternoon, with Sherlock's display of insecurity, and wonders if the reason he hates Anderson so much has anything to do with the way the forensic examiner treated
John smiled against Sherlock's pectorals. "He won't be back tonight," he reassured him. "He's staying with his girlfriend."
The Ambassador looked down at his godson and smiled softly. "Vulcans feel even more deeply and acutely than humans do. Raw emotions the way that a Vulcan feels them can destroy a person - they become too much to bear without collapsing underneath their weight. So Vulcans learn on their own at a very early age to control them, to lock them away, to
man," Sherlock teased in return. Once the doctor had fastened his coat properly, he shot him one last seductive smile and turned on his heel back to the bedroom.
Look how good I am - I wrote most of this while my boss was out at a 'meeting'. Hey, if he's allowed to get paid to go on a tour of a fire-engine factory, I'm allowed to get paid for writing fanfiction. These are my terms. Also, parts of it got uncontrollably angsty, so there might be more feels in the next chapter than I'd wanted, but hey.
Bill stood up abruptly, brushing imaginary dust or crumbs from his pullover. "That's okay," he said soothingly. "But make sure you think about it."
"I never refrain when it comes to writing," the playwright stated, one eyebrow lifted teasingly. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
The lithe woman who had shown them into the room cleared her throat demurely. "I'll leave you to it, Mister Miracle," she said gently.
. I look at him again, but he's still not listening, so he doesn't receive my silent plea for help. "Not long," I say eventually. He said he didn't mind, and it's easier than explaining. "It's a new development, we're not really sure it's working."
John's smirk flickered at the sound of the false name – so minutely Sherlock would almost wonder if he imagined it were he not so adept at reading microexpressions. He hitched it quickly back into place and continued the relentless massage up the base of Sherlock's cock, watching his legs twitch helplessly. "Talk to me," John murmured softly. Sherlock moaned, remembering John's assertions that he would have made her come before he considered taking her.
He broke off with a surprised gasp as John surged forwards, their closed mouths bumping painfully together, John's body marshalling his own backwards until the small of his back hit the lip of the kitchen counter. He was momentarily surrounded by John's breath, warm and close, as the doctor's hands held him firmly around the waist and his closed mouth pressed insistently against Sherlock's, demanding and controlling. Sherlock made a helpless noise, feeling his face flush red as soon as the sound escaped. It was just as he had always imagined kissing John would be like, in the rare quiet moments when he had allowed himself to imagine: unrelenting, focused, commanding. It was lucky the kitchen counter was holding him up, because his knees had buckled, and they were only bumping their faces together like teenagers.
They had turned into a corridor that was entirely empty and ventured through a door conspicuously marked
The man was only half-conscious when the receptionist managed to find out who the nurse had meant, zonked out in a bed with his eyelids fluttering. Lestrade picked up his chart to look at the name:
"Sherlock Holmes," he answered briskly, trying to sound as though he hadn't just come in his pants after a bit of casual frottage with his flatmate and then been interrupted before he could declare undying love.
John happily obliges, teasing the fraenulum with one hand and keeping Sherlock close with the other as their lips meet, gentle and lazy and passionate.
The detective's eyes narrowed. "I doubt it," he said, but he didn't sound entirely certain. "It would be a little self-defeating to keep it from us and then tell the Constable we've been working with."
"Of course you did," he said. "Will was trying to distract you with the final scene, but I told him you'd notice anyway."
not a detective," he retorted. "Really I've just been Sherlock's chorus, cheering him on." Shakespeare gave a short bark of laughter at the analogy. "He said he had some things he wanted to discuss with you?" John prompted.
He looked at T'Penya. "It has to be up to you," he said. "I don't like to put you in danger, but if you're certain that you'll be safe… if you agree to withdraw the moment you feel at risk."
Then he cleared his throat and spun away, delivering Rosalind's next line far louder than was necessary, his voice oddly strangled. "
"No," Sherlock snapped instantly. John had raised the same point and been shot down just as quickly. "I know you're fond of my brother, Lestrade, but there's a very real possibility that he's involved in this. Knowing what we know about the situation -" he glanced meaningfully at John, since they hadn't told Lestrade about the locket they had found for this very reason - "there's a chance that informing Mycroft how close we are to incriminating Peters will be the difference between life and death for both Ladies."
you haven't been truthful, the evidence is all over that room. There's no use in lying to John and I, but there
Crocker blinked, thrown for a moment. "Three years," he answered. "I loaded cargo there before I was made Captain here. That was about a year ago."
John sat on the bed for a few more minutes, his head in his hands. He could count on one hand the number of people he'd woken up beside that he had actually wanted to stay, and he'd never messed any of those relationships up this quickly. Once he had finished wallowing in this knowledge, he took a deep breath, shrugged on the rest of his clothes, and made his way downstairs.
John does, in fact, know, but he says nothing. "Criminals?" Sherlock remunerates, his hands tucked in thought pose under his chin. "Plural?"
There were the fingernails on the dip of his back again, and he hadn't expected that to feel nice, but it did; and suddenly Julien's mouth was open and his tongue was inside it and this couldn't be hygienic, it really
, and it felt surprisingly nice, so he took the opportunity to rock his pelvis forward and mash their erections together. The teacher gasped into Sherlock's mouth and he swallowed the sound eagerly.
Sherlock was on his back on the four-poster, stark naked, pale skin flushed green. And kneeling over him, just as naked, hands roving hungrily over the bare skin in front of him, was John himself.
imagined what they would be like together, what Sherlock would be like to him - in the dreams that flashed behind his eyelids after looking at the detective - he might not have dared imagine this.
had been floating around his subconscious looking for something to connect with ever since he'd had that memory on the operating table in Afghanistan, of the swimming pool and the look on Sherlock's face when they'd said goodbye. His new flatmate, however, did not appear to have noticed at all, and John still hadn't decided whether this was a good thing or not. On the one hand, he didn't have to face the inevitable scorn and disgust from Sherlock – who appeared to have become something resembling asexual in their years apart – when he remembered the incident and deduced, because of course he bloody would, that John wanted to relive it. On the other, his frequent flashbacks to that afternoon whenever Sherlock touched him and almost nightly wonderings whether the man would still make those little gasping noises when John stroked his cock were really distracting him from his new,
John surveyed the dining hall. A few people waved or smiled at them; most people at Islington High knew Bill and, by extension, John. Then he caught sight of the Irish boy from earlier, sitting alone at a table in the corner, and stopped. Even though the younger boy was the picture of composition, staring coolly around at his fellow students and picking lazily at a Thai beef salad, John still felt a twinge of pity in his stomach at the new kid having to sit alone.
Sorry for the delay. It's the last week of the semester here, which means that I've written three essays in the last two weeks. I finished this while procrastinating from study for the two tests I have on Thursday. The plus side of this is that after Thursday I'm done for the year so nothing to do but update! More sex soon, I promise.
manages to catalogue them all. No matter how far out into the universe you go, there's always more." He stopped to draw breath, and a giggly sort of grin snuck across his face. "Space," he began, with the sort of tone one might adopt as a headmaster in a primary school, "is big. Really big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you might think it's a long way down the road to the chemist's, but that's just peanuts to space."
Charlotte had apparently ridden in the police car all the way back to the Yard when her flatmate was arrested, and was now standing at the viewing window with Donovan, picking nervously at her cuticles and watching her disheveled friend refusing to answer Lestrade's questions.
It was a funny thing, really, John mused as his friend said something flippant about the relative merits of solving crimes over rehearsing theatre. His army fellows had teased him when he first got involved with the Lord Chamberlain's Men, claiming that acting romantically beside boys dressed up as women made him either homosexual or perverted, but John had never considered himself either. His mind did get itself muddled up sometimes, but that was all: only that occasionally he spent so much time
John laughed, wondering whether Robert, who put out the quarto announcements, had been there to see Sherlock's double-take. He knew most actors by name and most likely would have laughed to see the detective's reaction to Will Shakespeare's last-minute name change. "I never said it, but I agreed with you," he admitted. "He could probably tell. I don't want people to think it's just
Sherlock bent and picked up the fraying, knotted fabric from the floor beside the armchair. He examined the frayed edge thoughtfully. Lady Brackenstall continued speaking, watching him with an odd expression on her face. "They had opened the bottle of wine on the mantelpiece - it belonged to Eustace, it was French, the very finest, I believe. There were three of them - the one who struck me was older, but strong, and the other two could have been his sons, they all looked so similar. They drank the wine and they were packing up the silver from the mantel when Eustace ran in. He was carrying this black club he favoured, it is on the floor where he fell. He must have heard a disturbance. He charged at the older man, but the two sons grabbed him and beat him over the head with the fire iron. I do not think that they meant to kill him. They panicked when they realised he was dead, I believe, and that is why they only took that silver from the mantel and fled."
John shared a look with the constable as he rushed out the door and the two of them hurried to flank Sherlock and peer over his shoulder. He had crouched in front of the pond and was examining the ground before it. It was quickly obvious what he was looking at; someone had walked all around the pond, leaving clear, heeled bootprints in the damp earth. Sherlock stood, smiling triumphantly.
, perhaps, he amended, but it certainly didn't show the greatest sense of intelligent self-preservation.
I smile at him. "On the contrary, John," I tell him. "That man, Lestrade, the other officer that's here – is he the one who's been here all the time? Watching the scene?"
John would do this time that he had not last time, another element to kissing to which Sherlock had been hitherto unexposed? He tried opening his own mouth further, inviting John's tongue into him, but the doctor did not take the bait, remaining resolutely tight-lipped.
Sherlock heroically refrained from making a sarcastic remark about the improbability of reincarnation. "The one I have with you," he clarified. "Actually having my own environment, my own community - the feeling of coming home to Baker Street and Mrs Hudson and to
"You were unusually friendly in there," John remarked as they stepped back out into the street. The clouds had thickened threateningly overhead while they had been in the bar, and Sherlock hoped they could hail a taxi before it started to rain.
In truth, John was rather shocked at Jim's appearance. The introverted way that he was holding himself, the way he had had to revert to such obvious subterfuge to be introduced to Sherlock – at school John remembered a Jim that had enormous potential. He remembered the boy with the impish smile who would pick the lock on the kitchen door so that John and Bill could fetch a midnight snack, and almost sighed aloud. He had always wondered what had happened to Jim after they had left him at Islington High. They had been the boy's only friends, and he had been worried that the bullies who had stayed in the background while John and Bill were there would start picking on Jim once they had gone. Apparently something
John looked around sharply; it was a woman's voice that had spoken, clear and sharp with a touch of out-of-place amusement. The woman it belonged to was tall and upright, clearly the lady of the house. Her blonde hair fell about her face in carefully arranged ringlets that accentuated her sharp, pale cheekbones, a dark bruise blossoming on the left one. Her blue eyes sparkled with something bold that John couldn't quite place. Sherlock straightened, frowning at her. "Lady Brackenstall," he said pleasantly, affecting a smile it was clear he didn't believe in as he made an almost insouciant bow. "I am sorry that we meet in such unpleasant circumstances."
Their tongues flirted together, teasing and promising all at the same time. John pressed his body against Sherlock's long, lean frame, a low noise escaping when his groin brushed against the neatly-tailored trousers just visible under Sherlock's robes. He wondered how the other boy could find him attractive enough to kiss with such breathless fervour, dressed as he was in Muggle jeans and a lumpy oatmeal jumper James' grandmother had knitted him at Christmas. At the touch of John's obviously aroused crotch, though, Sherlock's entire body shuddered and he began to yield to the pressure and take a few tiny half-steps backwards.
"Not yet, John," Sherlock said with a brightness he did not feel, dropping the last crust of toast back onto the plate and pushing himself out of his chair, "it can certainly wait until you come back from the surgery. I may need your help again."
John sighs and fixes his friend with a stern look. "Sherlock." Into the name he tries to convey all the disgust and firm reprimands that he shouldn't
so much," his mouth said without permission. It was a disconcerting feeling, an utter lack of control, as though his mind was completely separate from the rest of his body, and the more he fought against it the more helpless he became.
he paused for a moment, frozen with one hand lifted, then dropped it with a sigh and a shake of his head.
John rolled his eyes. Jim just smiled diplomatically. "You have to learn to pick locks when your family won't feed you."
John grinned at Sherlock, whose shoulders had slumped at the sound of Will's voice. Sherlock smiled back at him, his posture seeming to relax a little as though resigning himself to repeating the moment. John's hand was still clasped in both of Sherlock's own, pressed so tightly to his chest he could feel the thumping of his heart.
, but he knew by now that when the actor had an idea, John did not possess the power to move him. He looked back down at the script. "
John stared at him again. "How… oh, never mind. Sorry." Holmes smiled slightly. "I just… when I first came back I'd been injured, obviously. I had a sort of tremor in my hand for a while, which isn't a good look for a doctor. And by the time that cleared up I'd started acting with Will. Having a job as a physician would have prevented me from acting."
McAuliffe noticed his distinct lack of enthusiasm and rounded on him threateningly. "Did we disturb your beauty-rest, Mister Watson?" he asked sardonically. "Holidays too short for you?" John went to answer, but Bill beat him to it.
He exhaled in disappointment. "Some kind of hidden drawer or cupboard," he answered vaguely, dropping the portrait to the carpeted floor and making the butler wince.
Something odd shot down Sherlock's stomach and settled in his balls. He breathed out shakily before obeying. "Sorry, sir," he repeated quietly. John smiled and let go of his chin, gesturing to continue. Sherlock slid his hands around to grope the doctor's arse opportunistically, bending his head to his groin. He could
Sherlock tried valiantly to hold back the noise tearing out of his throat as his free hand clenched against John's back and his cock pulsed and spurted into the handkerchief, throwing his head back and dislodging John's teeth from his neck.
The man smiled tremulously. "Captain Jack Crocker," he introduced in a rough accent, slightly twisted from what John usually heard on the South Bank, though he couldn't identify the variation. It seemed to be an amalgam of multiple dialects, as though the sailor spent time at multiple ports that all spoke with different accents. "I work on the
"I'm not sure yet," Adler replied. Though she sounded as in-control as she always did, John could detect a note of concern in her lilting voice. "It didn't sound good, I requested they beam up before they explained further. I'm coming down to hear T'Penya's report from medical."
By the time he had ascertained that the Vulcan wasn't hiding on this floor, John had an entirely new appreciation for his friend's incredible mind. There was simply
"And what happened to the real Lady Brackenstall," Sherlock added, still staring intently at the portrait.
There were more windows on the next level, and plush rugs in rich reds stretching over the floor and squishing pleasantly under John's shoes. A few of the doors along the corridor stood open, revealing bookshelves and science laboratories and what looked like a medical exam room.
Mycroft, too, seems to grow impatient. "The matter is easily cleared, Robert," he says calmly. "Go and fetch the box, and check."
as well: this production emphasised the role of Puck as a mediator between Titania and Oberon, but somehow in their subsequent performances he had turned into the cause of their jealous argument in the first place. He wasn't sure how it had begun, but with each afternoon's reading Sherlock had pushed Ben onto him like he was egging John on, and the young actor had lapped up the attention, growing more clingy and flirtatious, and John hadn't been able to do anything except step up his own possessiveness and twisted, confused jealousy. He wasn't sure from night to night whether he was jealous of Puck for spending time with his wife or of Titania for trying to corrupt his manservant; wasn't sure how much of his jealousy was friendly or sexual.
- I honestly believed back then that if he died, I would die too. And then I joined the army, and when I came back from Ireland he was married." Sherlock raised an eyebrow, as though he was aiming for sympathy and not quite reaching it. John frowned.
It's in this mindset that he takes the tray of eggs on toast and the mug of English Breakfast in hand and kicks open the door to the consulting detective's bedroom. His lack of experience relating to this area of the house leads him to knock over a trivet with the swing of the door and spill something viscous and smoking all over the carpet.
The taller boy shook his head dismissively. "I want to be a detective because I think it'd be interesting, not because I want to
They must have set some sort of on-foot record for getting across inner London; as soon as the shabby once-black overhead of the undertaker's came into view Sherlock stopped them abruptly, holding one hand out to halt Billy in his tracks. "Billy," he said, bending slightly to look him in the eyes. "Where did you tell Lizzie to meet you once she'd tailed Peters?"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow; if John hadn't known better, he might have mistaken the look on that proud face as impressed. But as soon as the look was there, it was gone, and the detective was sprinting back the way they had came, leaving John and Lestrade gaping in his wake. They shared a resigned look for the briefest of moments before taking off after him.
Nausea settled faintly in the pit of his stomach. He'd been so grateful when they shipped him back home from Brest, bone-weary from the long siege and the constant vigilance and the blood he could never quite wash out from under his fingernails. Other soldiers in his regiment had had breaks from the sudden and surreal presence of death, but as a surgeon John had seen, analysed and handled almost every wounded man in the field. The smell of blood brought parts of him back there, made his wounded shoulder ache and his stomach rebel. There were things about his time in the military that he had found himself thinking about wistfully in recent years: such evocative proximity to death was not one of them.
John let him think. The memory hadn't come to him quickly, either – he'd moved through getting his Hogwarts letter and his first girlfriend and a whole number of other happy moments before deciding on the moment that had set his friendship with James in motion. After a while, he'd dropped the memory entirely and just used the
John chuckled, steadying himself for a moment in order to move the hand holding him up against the wall to thread gently through Sherlock's hair. The younger man grunted in acknowledgment, and John felt his lips curve into a smile against his skin, but the whines started up again within moments. He laughed again at the ridiculousness of it, the way Sherlock had to bend his back to rest his head against John's shoulder the way he was doing, the fact that
It was Donovan who opened the door to the Constable's residence, looking just as enthusiastic to see them as ever. Sherlock faked a bright smile that she did not attempt to return. "What are you doing here?" she asked rudely, making it as clear as she could that they were not welcome.
Sherlock didn't roll his eyes. "I'm still here," he said quietly. "You said you'd encountered the Vashta Nerada before. How did you get rid of them then?"
"The back room's free, Sherlock," the big man said with a grin and what John thought was the tiniest of winks. "You can
"Don't worry, John," the detective snapped, running a long-fingered hand through his curls in unreasonable frustration. "I'm not about to steal him from you."
Mycroft made a disapproving noise, but left the bedroom. The moment the door shut behind him, Sherlock flopped back onto his bed.
," he gasped in the minute gap between their lips as they parted to crash together again like waves breaking against rocks. Sherlock tasted of sweetened coffee and a tiny, homely hint of toast; their tongues slid together in the same frantic, thrusting rhythm as their hips.
Sherlock looked down, feeling bile rise in his throat. "Yes, Mother. He's downstairs having breakfast."
he continued, and out of the corner of his eye John caught the cheeky grin he gave the audience at the line 'we men' and held back a chuckle.
Sherlock looked away awkwardly, pretending that he had intended to break the kiss. "I've made a lot of bad judgment calls when it comes to men," he said quietly.
Then he sighed. "Sherlock…" he began, but then he stopped, put his head in his hands, and groaned. "I could never be angry with you," he admitted through his palms. "I was angry at
He wanted to laugh, but the realisation made his heart sink instead. If he had blown it with Sherlock this morning - if he stopped associating with the detective how many other people would he lose? He knew even if they ever saw each other Angelo would probably never speak to him again, the man was so fiercely loyal to Sherlock. He'd begun to be rather fond of Constable Lestrade as well; when would he ever have the occasion to see him again? And how would Molly react, who worshipped Sherlock - who would he side with?
," Sherlock scolded, rolling his eyes, but he looped his arm through John's anyway. "I've never liked this scene. It seems completely pointless, except to close off the play for the mechanicals."
"Orange, I was getting there. The third victim was found on the beach," he taps the photo. The woman, blonde and ragdoll-thin, has been mercilessly arranged into a ghastly yellow dress almost the exact shade as the sand underneath her. John grimaces. "The first victim was not only stabbed to death but pretty much disembowelled – there was blood everywhere. The second victim's throat had been cut. The third victim was strangled."
irrational thought until he was a ball of bliss and longing, flying helplessly past the constellations John cares so much about, plunging back into consciousness extra-alert, poised and listening in case he had made some kind of noise that John might wonder about.
John winked at someone in the audience who caught his eye, patting Sherlock's arm as though he thought his words ridiculous, and then snapped quickly to greet the lovers with over-exaggerated enthusiasm.
John felt himself flush. "Right. Um." He cast around the room before lighting on the detective once more, and the objects he held in his hand. "The curtain fringe," he said hesitantly. "There must be other things in the room they could have tied her up with that wouldn't make such a big noise as pulling the curtains down, surely. That's just… showing off."
For a long time afterwards, John would blame Bill's steady flow of teasing for his final decision. Bill was so determined that John should go that he found himself coming up with more and more reasons why he shouldn't just to counteract his friend's arguments. "I'm not going," he announced finally on Friday evening.
She pulled at the stat monitor until it was angled towards John. "Much better," she said, grinning tiredly. "I don't know what you did in there, but he stabilised a few minutes before those things left him. T'Penya helped to defend the rest of us in case they went for us, but they went for your office and then they sort of… blew up."
, to want to do it again and again and again for as long a period as possible. He slid his hands tantalisingly slowly down the flat expanse of Sherlock's belly to the hook-and-eye fastenings on his trousers and bent his head to take a dusky nipple between his teeth.
silence. Sherlock kissed him, hard and bruising, until the smug smirk on his face trembled and fell into soft cries of
He bent to the fallen folds of fabric, lifting the rail that had held them to the wall and peering at it. It was immediately obvious what Sherlock had been getting at. "Oh," he said, looking up at Lestrade. "The fringe was
Sherlock tried to smile unaffectedly. "Quite understandable, John," he said lightly. "The situation was… affecting."
The detective paused for a moment, looking John up and down as though sizing him up, then gave a tiny private smile.
The other boy's fingers were deft and sure, sliding down to the buttons on his shirt and gently picking them undone. Julien seemed to have picked up on his reaction to the use of fingernails; Sherlock could feel him smirking against his lips every time his fingers slipped and his intricate nails scraped unexpectedly against skin.
John couldn't say anything, not even as the teachers surrounding the pool began shunting everyone out of the building, herding them onto the London pavement outside. Carl Powers, dead. He wasn't sure how he was supposed to feel about that.
"How would I truthfully portray a woman?" John asked scathingly. "I haven't the first idea what being a woman feels like."
"Is… is Mr Holmes there?" asks a timid, throaty voice. "It's Alice." John casts a suspicious look at Sherlock, his brain firing off the worst-case-scenarios of who 'Alice' might be before the woman expands. "Alice St. Claire, we met yesterday – Mr Holmes is trying to find my husband."
There was no guilt to the scene, though; perhaps it didn't bother him so much. As he watched, John carefully put Sherlock's fingers aside in favour of joining their lips, careful presses of half-open mouths so that John could almost see their breath mingling between them. Gently, he slid down the Vulcan's body until he fit neatly between his legs, falling to his elbows and pressing their bodies together. The pale green of Sherlock's blush sat nicely against John's tanned skin as they moved together, their respective genitalia concealed from John's view but clearly aligned in delightful ways from the shudders rocking both of their bodies. Sherlock's long fingers clutched at John's back as they moved, his head thrown back and gasping for breath.
The actor raised an incredulous eyebrow. "Don't you?" he asked. He pushed himself up from the settee and snatched one of the sheaves of paper from the desk. "Here. Read this with me."
Even the lovers had stepped up their game, not to be outdone by the fairies; John watched Helena and Demetrius rush past his tenuous hiding place behind a prop. He'd always liked the relationship between the two 'lesser' lovers: it was the less healthy side of obsessive love, the way not everyone fell in love like Lysander and Hermia, with someone who loved them in return, the way Helena followed her hopeless infatuation even into the danger of the forest.
, and that just ramped his pleasure up past the level where he could restrain it; pre-come was dripping steadily from the head of his
"I'm sorry," the Doctor said quietly, stretching out a hand in supplication but very carefully not touching her, biting at his lower lip with his green eyes sad. "I'm so sorry."
But no - all they had found for months now were the corpses of celestial bodies technically classed as planets, but completely devoid of both life and interest.
Sherlock seems to have an uncanny knack for turning the television on just in time to hear the opening themes of
They moved into the only available space in the kitchen to dance, John crowding into Sherlock's personal space, gyrating his hips in time to the too-fast beat. Sherlock didn't dance like this. He froze for the barest of moments before adapting something in between mimicking John's movements and those that he had seen other people make at clubs in the past, his back to the doctor's front.
. He thought he did a relatively good job of hiding it, though he had noticed Potter – who had taken on a role as some kind of mentor to John after his acceptance into the Gryffindor Quidditch team – shooting him glances lately that ranged from speculative to wryly amused.
"Oh – here," cut in a firm, solid voice that again pulled on the tinkly bell of memory at the back of Sherlock's head. "Use mine."
The shadow, Sherlock noticed absently, was no longer even pretending to be an extension of Sherlock's own form, and was instead puddled at his feet, lapping up his ankles, tendrils of darkness running up the legs of his trousers and stark against the purple fabric of his shirt, centered around his heart. He clutched at his chest, gasping, staring at the Doctor and seeing on the square face with its impressive chin a similar expression of shock to the one he could feel on his own.
John makes a split-second decision that Afghanistan can stay on the other side of the world. "Here," he says firmly, taking the weapon out of Sherlock's long fingers, careful to let his own brush them. "You have to widen your stance a bit to brace yourself for the kick, and then relax your shoulder so you can roll it back when you fire. Like this." And just like that, when he thinks about Sherlock, cocking, aiming and firing the rifle comes without hesitation. A tin can at the back of the range
The Doctor swallowed. "I came into this room with so much mercy," he said, his voice the same low and authoritative rumble. "I was
Spock smiled indulgently. "Yes, Captain Kirk." His hand finally stopped its soothing motions on the boy's back as the older Vulcan frowned. "Control of your emotions is a valuable skill, Sherlock, particularly whilst you live among Vulcans. But there are times when you ought to allow your emotions to lead you, and friendships are one of them. My friendship with Jim remains the brightest part of my life, and if I had not allowed myself to have it, I would not be where I am today."
, just as strongly as anyone else John had ever met, but he hadn't expected such a concrete declaration from him. He pulled the other man back into a hug, tears prickling in his eyes. "I - I'm sure of you too."
happened and I can't understand why, and I'm hungry and it hurts like an ache in the pit of my stomach and I can't block out the noise of the traffic and the loo flushing and Mrs Hudson making tea downstairs and I need John to breathe and talk and make a calm noise I can focus on but I sent him away two hours ago because he was standing too close and distracting me and it's all too much, I can't
His whole body had shuddered, breaking his concentration for a moment, and then when he'd recovered himself a little, he'd found himself hard and hot and throbbing.
"It's okay," he says softly, resting his hand on his friend's knee reassuringly. "I know you didn't mean it. But the fact that you said it means that it's something that bothers you, so I was still trying not to."
Sneaking into his office and making off with a few bottles of Polyjuice was child's play – he had been helping John break into the broom shed by the Quidditch pitch for years, and they had broken into Filch's office more than once to destroy reports about certain wrong-doings before they were filed – and plucking one of his friend's hairs from his robes was the work of less than a moment. Waiting for Saturday morning when he could have the dormitory to himself, however, was more difficult. He'd never been a particularly patient person, and by Friday night he was so jittery with anticipation that he could not sleep at all.
it didn't hurt had been anything other than the fact that his body was concentrating all its efforts on feeling the pain in his leg.
"What do you want?" Sherlock snapped. John was slightly gratified to see a flush high on his friend's cheekbones and a thoroughly displeased downturn at the corners of his mouth.
Sherlock waited until he turned around before wiping the saliva off his cheek with his palm. He personally wouldn't mind if John decided to give every
Lestrade sat at a rickety wooden desk, surrounded by sheaves of parchment, rough sketches and untidy handwriting. John spotted the portrait of Lady Carfax that Mycroft had given him perched atop a stack of what looked like his own notes. John couldn't help but raise an eyebrow; he hadn't realised the Constable could read. At Sherlock's entrance he sighed and tossed aside a sketch of a rather sharp face with a beard. "Sherlock," he said resignedly. "To what do we owe the pleasure?"
her confidant. I need to speak to someone who knew her. Mycroft seems to have told me everything that he's willing to - that leaves the maid. We'll have to arrange a meeting with her."
The words sandwich him between a rock and something else hard, and he stares at the profile of Sherlock's face, silhouetted by the sunlight from the window and tainted by the flickering reds of the telly. "I had a theory, but I was wrong," Sherlock elaborates after the on-screen tension has died down a bit. "Dimmock was right. I can't prove it yet, but he's dead, I'm sure of it."
The girl chuckled too, putting the large sheet of paper – it looked like a flow-chart of some description – on the glass. "That would explain why Miss Bailey always acts like she's on a sugar-high," she mused. "I'm Sophia," she added as an afterthought.
Sherlock makes a bored nod and waves an assenting hand in John's direction. John nods again. "Okay. Goodnight."
Not to be deterred, John slid his hand back up Sherlock's arm until it rested on his shoulder once more; when he lifted the other to stroke his face, the taller man caught it in his own, so that when they continued to circle it became more like a reluctant dance.
He allowed Sherlock to give a wistful smile at this, returning it with an indulgent expression. He lifted a hand as if to stroke the velveteen curls, allowing the longing to do so show plainly on his face. Sherlock leaned almost unconsciously into the imagined touch. Then John took a deep breath, breaking the spell like swiping a hand through cobweb.
He wasn't entirely sure that he could, but John nodded anyway. "I won't be long," he assured his friend, wondering whether Sherlock would even notice his presence or absence once he got into sorting through his thoughts. "There's not really much I can tell them."
he could do, and there were hands fumbling with his shirt trying to tug him backwards but he couldn't go because he had to save the kid, he couldn't quite remember his name but he was important and he'd never got that letter from his mother and then there was another rattling sound and a pain in his shoulder and
Lestrade folded his arms and leaned against the closed door. "Just think," he commented, his voice light but an extremely pointed tone to his body language. "This entire case could have been prevented if two people had just
"Shh," John says softly, bending to run his lips over Sherlock's cheekbone. "Just relax. I've got you, Sherlock, it's okay, just relax and let go."
John smiled. "I did, yeah," he replied easily. "Probably shouldn't have, some of the things that he said, but I did." He let out a breath and windmilled his arms in a show of warming up. "I'm a bit nervous myself," he admitted. "I mean… he is effectively
take up with someone else, or even just turn him down, he wouldn't have the heart to leave him. He'd want to, of course, at least for a while, but he wouldn't be able to if it wasn't what Sherlock wanted.
The ellipses are weighted, as though I should know exactly what's supposed to come after them. I assume she means
going to say anything about it," he said languidly. Bill flapped a hand at him. "I just mean… it's kind of scary," he admitted. "I'd never even fancied a bloke before, and then suddenly I meet this one, admittedly incredible, guy and I forget about my girlfriend and start snogging him in a swimming-pool changing room – a
The next race saw Carl Powers take a stance on the diving board, stretching out his broad chest and grinning boldly at the other competitors. Bill tutted. "Wouldn't it be just glorious if someone kicked his face in under there," he muttered. John sat down, swatting a hand in his direction and managing to catch him on the arm.
Speak of the Devil, and He shall appear. Sherlock visibly holds back the groan. "Sherlock," the government official greets calmly. "John."
John frowned; he had thought perhaps the response was simply buried in other people's lines and not visible in the cue-script he had been given. He raised an eyebrow. He couldn't say he was surprised: it wasn't the first play in which Will had done that. He seemed to like drawing attention to the lack of input women had into their own marriages, even after an entire play's worth of romantic build-up.
" he cried instead as it took him, clutching the other man's waist with his legs and heaving ragged breaths into his lungs, feeling his heart beat wildly as though it were no longer a part of him.
Redbeard lolloped happily back to him, settling down on Sherlock's outstretched legs with a flump. John walked over to him, allowing the heavy door to close behind him, leaning against the wall to protect himself from the rocking of the floor. "Sherlock," he said quietly. "How are you doing?"
John hid a smile - being cast in the role after Sherlock likely meant that this young actor would have to spend a remarkable amount of time shadowing the detective and copying his mannerisms, essentially following Sherlock's every move. Of course the detective counted that as an opportunity to learn how to act properly. "Will's favourite sort of actor," he commented. "Someone young and keen that he can shape to his design."
Julien smiled diplomatically and rose from his chair. "Wonderful," he said politely. "If you would step this way, I will prepare the journal for you – obviously I cannot allow you to simply take it from the case if Sherlock hopes to find the original DNA."
, John wanted to protest. But the part of his mind that was beginning to sound like Sherlock rebutted the argument straight away. He would have, but then he would have resented Sherlock for taking away his dream, and it wouldn't have lasted anyway.
" John yells finally, the tension in the room snapping, propelling both of them onto their feet, facing each other with flushed faces and clenched fists –
The detective casts a quick glance back at him before redirecting his eyes back to where they came from. "Love." He says the word without emotion; no trace of disgust or ridicule, but none of reverence or even acceptance either. "It makes people do such awful things."
"Do we really need to go there?" he asked. Carl's thick lips twitched into something that more or less exactly failed to look like a smile.
she could be simply acting on principle - maybe one rich and arrogant dominant treated her badly and she's getting back at the stereotype without having much knowledge of BDSM herself."
That, he consoled himself, was reason enough, and he said nothing about the odd paternal feeling that had flooded him when the man had told him he'd rather nobody collected him. When he made to leave after securing the name of the attendant at St Bartholomew's Teaching Hospital who could give him the piece of tweed, a thought struck him and he turned back. "Don't… don't answer this if it's too personal, but… who
Ben patted him lightly on the arm. "Sherlock told me that you had an argument," he said gently. "You seemed like you were getting on so well."
Her smile widened. "I know I'd feel lucky if you did," she said. "But I'll get my luck another way if you don't want to. I understand it's not really the most romantic setting."
He was about to say so when Madam Benoit, his somewhat matronly secretary, rapped on the door and entered without waiting for a response. "Monsieur de Richelieu?"
The intention of his words was clear; John wasn't sure whether to laugh or be shocked at what he was implying. Sherlock, too, looked uncertain, glancing at John as though afraid he would react badly before affecting an unconcerned smile. "The back room will be fine, thank you, Angelo," he said brightly, taking the last swill of his tea and pushing the mug across the bar as he stood. "John, I have a few scripts in my room - I'm sure Angelo will entertain you while I fetch them."
The detective's grey-green eyes refocused slowly, as though Sherlock had known he was there but not really
it exactly, but he isn't making any efforts to break it off and he's got his arms on her shoulders and she's got her
Sherlock smiled seductively, reaching for his mug of tea and letting his fingers play suggestively with the handle before picking it up. "The witness was on the other side of the bar," he replied, keeping up the act. He wanted to know
The Doctor was silent for a moment. "Probably. Ideally, we need to do a thorough sweep of the building for them before taking any kind of action, but…"
"All right," John whispered, pressing his hips down hard against his. "Take what you need, Sherlock."
He sounded so confident, so contemptuous, that a flash of annoyance shot through John's spine. "So why do you keep asking me along?" he asked hotly.
her to her door, see if you can talk to her flatmate about her dating habits, whether she ever tries to talk her out of her weakness for the wrong kind of men. If she's not a killer, she's certainly got a high-risk lifestyle for domestic abuse."
Suddenly every moment floods back, the smell of chlorine in his nostrils, the wall of the hospital growing sharp and textured into his memory.
"There you are," he said softly, pressing a rough and sloppy kiss on Sherlock's cheekbone, more teeth than tongue, his face settling in the groove of Sherlock's shoulder as his head was pushed away. It was a tiny bit patronising, and Sherlock felt a jolt of irritation that reminded him – not that he had
Mrs Hudson squeezes me again; I think I feel my shoulder-blades click. "That's something you'll have to decide for yourself," she says. I'd been afraid she'd come up with something dreadfully unhelpful like this. "But I think John deserves to come back and apologise for the things you were angry about, and for not listening, and I think you need to say to him some of the things you said to me." She paused, her hand rubbing absently at my shoulder. "Do you want me to talk to him first?" she asks tentatively.
is the correct answer, but I force a smile. "Probably learn rather quickly to remember my own phone," I tell him, calling Mycroft. "Mycroft? I know where the letter is. How quickly can you get to the Trelawney-Hope residence?"
She sighs. "He wears his heart on his sleeve, that boy," she says, as though John and I were still in primary school and he had some sort of crush on me, chasing me around the playground with puckered lips. "So you were on the beach and he tried to kiss you?"
He says it in a falsely cheerful voice with just a hint of derision, quite clearly aiming to impersonate a GP. John tries not to feel insulted. Trelawney-Hope, though, doesn't get the joke. "We must insist that not a word of this leaves this room," he says seriously instead.
John shared the detective's triumphant look as it was directed at him. "And when was that?" Lestrade asked, giving the two of them a wan smile in acknowledgment.
Sherlock Holmes nodded. "You suspected he might have been involved in Carl Powers' death yesterday."
"Sally! You're… there's a… personal space… Sally, please." He turned back quickly to turn the page on the book again; how many more pages were there? Why did he have to take so many notes?
Lestrade still frowned, but after a moment he rolled his eyes and relented, shrugging. "You've got a far better chance of getting the truth out of her that way than I do," he admitted reluctantly.
When, ten minutes later, an exultant roar sounded from the exam room – one that John had heard in his living room the night before, one that could only possibly have come from a dragon – he grinned triumphantly to himself and listened in silence to the awed speculation from his classmates.
?" he asked, sounding indignantly disbelieving. He straightened his shoulders slightly and took a pointed step closer to Sherlock. "We don't really need
that could be hotter than he felt. He usually liked to keep his room warm and dense because he found it easier to think that way, but now it was almost as if his sweat was boiling on the surface of his skin.
Sherlock curls up tighter so that his feet no longer brush against John's thigh, and his leg immediately feels cold. "Alice St. Claire was here earlier," he admits, his voice small and quiet. "She, um… she started kissing me."
"In case you didn't learn that lesson, stay away from Carl Powers," John told the boy lightly. They started moving down the stairs together. "I'm John."
He'd compromised by finding a low window and peering through it; he could only just see Jim's denim-clad calves and neat black shoes wandering casually past the window.
"Yes. The man in that cell was intimately linked with them, as was Neville St. Claire. In fact, it's not the only thing they've done – do you remember that case last November, John, with the film crew for the BBC who were cheated out of all that money?"
He couldn't breathe, and flinched as the head hit the back of his throat and his gag reflex flared briefly before he managed to control himself; he brought one hand up to the wrinkled, drawn-up skin of Julien's balls, holding his breath as the boy whimpered and trembled underneath him. Saliva pooled uncomfortably in the back of his throat, so he swallowed.
that somehow. It was difficult to judge the reaction in John because of the sparks flooding his own veins, but there was a certain undercurrent of anticipation between them as they kissed Mrs Hudson goodbye and bundled into a cab. Another murder would mean another role-play.
Eventually, he pries the woman off the phone and throws the offending piece of gadgetry at Sherlock, sighing heavily. "How sure are you? Because I did
The detective spits out the word 'heart' with such obvious disdain that John cringes. "I know you think I'm childish, John, but you don't have to treat me like a child all the time. This… you're acting like it's a game, like
They repositioned themselves, Sherlock's cock bobbing endearingly against his stomach as he wriggled up the bed. John wanted to take it in his mouth, but Sherlock was reaching for him, pulling their mouths together, and their groins realigned so neatly that the idea went out of his head in favour of frotting against him, every inch of Sherlock's skin hot and slick against his. "Oh, God," John moaned, trying to lever himself up onto his elbows but not wanting to lose the heat of Sherlock's chest against his own. "Oh, God, where's my wand, hang on…"
I should your lordship." Sherlock's eyelids lowered slightly once more and he dipped his head closer to John's as though angling for a kiss. John tilted his face up to accommodate it, his eyes fixing on the detective's rich cupid's-bow before he could wrench them away to focus on his equally captivating eyes. It was a little distracting that Sherlock's face didn't seem to have any 'ordinary' features that he could focus on. A shudder struggled once more to break free of his chest as the younger man's tongue appeared to wet his lips, his eyes intense.
John forced a smile at his young friend. "I haven't been here long," he assured him. "I just wanted to speak to Sherlock for a moment, then I'll let the two of you get back to it."
It was already late; Sherlock wondered whether it was worth initiating any kind of role-play before John would want to go to bed. He had been rostered onto the early shift at the surgery again tomorrow. Sherlock supposed it would be easier for him to think without John around.
…" he made an odd sort of clawing gesture, as though trying to rip it from his mind. "It paralyses my brain," he tried to explain.
John chuckled. "That's the third swear word I've heard you use this afternoon," he commented idly. "You have a pottier mouth than I do when it comes to sex."
The door opened tentatively, a young woman with flushed cheeks peeking nervously out from behind it. "Yes?" she squeaked, her eyes widening as she took in the state of Sherlock's dress. Her mousy hair was wildly escaping the tight bun she had scraped it into, and she looked as though they had interrupted her in the middle of something physical.
Smiling nervously back at him, they went. Alone in the basement, Sherlock stared at his extra shadow. "Doctor?" he said after a moment.
instead of thought. He reached out a hand to cover Sherlock's and squeezed, trying to bring his friend's attention back to him.
The redhead nodded, his lips twisted into a wry grin. "You went all the way to Bloomsbury to watch Jim hook up with some burly blond," he confirmed. John shrugged, hoping desperately that Bill would laugh it off and change the subject. "Well, that'll teach you to follow people," the boy laughed instead, his face clearing almost immediately. "But none of that explains why you look like you've been dragged backwards through a box-hedge."
The doctor blinked at Sherlock's torso, reminding him of the fact that he hadn't buttoned his shirt as he came upstairs. "Is this a dream?" he asked, his voice dark and husky with sleep.
Sherlock shook his head slowly. "There are a number of ways in which this might influence the case," he disagreed. "Perhaps Her Majesty attempted to contact Lady Carfax when she fell ill, and that's why Carfax went to Sussex in the first place - trying to avoid the royal summons. We'll have to look at the people who were most likely to have known about it. Or where potential leaks could have come from."
"Good," Sherlock smiled at him. "Again at that speed, then we'll try full-speed." They parted once more to reset; the taller man cast his eyes quickly around the arena, and came to rest on John.
From a previous read of their scripts John assumed it was some time before he or Sherlock spoke again, so he took the detective's hand and sat them both down upon an ornamental rock left there from the week's performance of
The bruise on Jim's face had more or less faded, yellows and browns spreading down across one cheekbone. He was smiling now, looking out across the pool; John followed his eyeline and noticed he was grinning at a blond boy in Cuxton blue on the other side of the stands, who was shyly smiling back. John elbowed him. "Who are you eyeing up, eh?" he asked snidely. Jim elbowed him back, with rather more success considering their respective positions, swatting away the accusations. Bill chuckled.
once more, clutching handfuls of pillow so tightly he worried about ripping it. John's harsh exhales sped up incrementally, developing into tiny noises that were almost moans but not quite, and Sherlock had never been able to imagine John making noises during sex without them being hugely unrealistic but this
Sherlock looks from his brother to his flatmate to the door. "Fine," he sighs finally, trudging back to the settee and throwing his body down in a way that eloquently expresses how much he'd like
Sherlock is already sprawled over the sofa when he enters, busy wrapping himself in the discarded duvet from the morning. He looks up when John bangs the door and his smile quickly turns into a frown of disapproval.
So be it. Some people just don't want to be helped. "Fine," I say sharply. "John, pass me my phone."
Sherlock lifted the dropper and held it, poised over a Petrie dish filled with his latest experiment. Molly Hooper, the pathologist from the mortuary downstairs, had just sent him a text confirming his theories on his latest case; the man had been beaten
Eyes narrowed at the two of us, Lord Trelawney-Hope leaves the room and comes back a moment later with the box, pulling a key on a gold chain out from under his shirt.
Someone sprinted past him, shoving him roughly against the wall as they barrelled past. John shouted something after him, turning around to see if he was being chased; the youth was bent almost double as he ran and seemed to be clutching something to his chest. A thief, then. As he turned, a tall figure swathed in a dark coat and looking shadowy and sinister burst out of an alley in hot pursuit.
He'd be lying on his bed late at night – there were times when he couldn't wait, of course there were, after a case in which John had been particularly helpful or military, but mostly through biting his lip and pulling his coat tighter around himself he could avoid rousing John's suspicions as to what he was doing when he raced home and locked himself in the bathroom – feeling his heartbeat echo in his belly, picking up and tripping over memories of John emerging from the shower to hand him a cup of tea, of John leaning over his shoulder and humming in the morning. And once he allowed himself, just the memory of that fond face and scratchy voice would have him half-hard in moments.
"Where?" Lestrade asked, looking as though he was trying very hard not to punch the wall of the corridor she had taken them into.
"Oh, yes," Sherlock confirmed, forcing a bright tone of voice. "Yes, you did brilliantly. I believe my theory is not only plausible but almost definitely correct." John smiled at him. There was a heartbeat's awkward pause in which Sherlock considered throwing the entire façade away and begging the doctor to finish him off. Then he cleared his throat briskly. "If you could just cut my hands free, John, I'll write up my findings and send some enquiries to a few contacts."
, is the practice of having the same actor play more than one part. It's not certain whether Shakespeare ever did this, but it is speculated that Theseus/Oberon and Hippolyta/Titania were intended to be doubled. Many modern companies do this to exaggerate the gender war that can be seen in the forest.
," the detective insisted. John wondered, as he looked at those impossible grey-green-blue eyes, whether this was the entire reason Sherlock kept him around: because John trying and failing to do what came so naturally to Sherlock himself was relentlessly amusing, like a monkey at a circus.
He stayed until the ambulance turned up, and when the medic – a man named Kenny that Lestrade had had occasion to work with before – asked him if he wanted to ride with the invalid, he looked back at the door of his flat that his wife had closed on him and thought, why not.
Sherlock turns his head so that their lips meet, sucking him in for a clumsy, bruising kiss that is all teeth and tongue and desperation. John can't help making a noise deep in his throat, the hand that's joined with Sherlock's creeping closer to his crotch and briefly providing some sort of friction for him to thrust against. "I love you," he whispers onto Sherlock's lips.
"I know," he replied, pulling away just far enough to look into green-grey eyes and smile, weak and bewildered. "Me too."
"Yeah," John replied cheerfully. "With my parents' financial situation I could never get through med school on my own. And I don't care about called to serve – I want to help people, and the front line's probably where they'll need help the most."
. I will speak to you and Master Shakespeare afterwards, so if you would delay your usual defection to the pub for a few minutes."
. Although, he reasoned to himself as he left the stage, this was hardly the same production as the one of the previous afternoon.
John laughed again, and Sherlock kissed him happily and prepared to break apart the tanned and muscled body in front of him into bliss for the third time that morning – and, he thought gleefully, definitely not the last.
John leaned forward, his heart thumping in his chest. "Are you ready now?" he asked, holding his breath in case the answer was
John smiled contentedly. "Trust me," he said, unable to keep the smile out of his voice. "I'm a doctor."
couldn't-script-it-better precision. And besides, Mycroft has the flat under surveillance. The elder Holmes probably realised John was about to make a fool out of himself and judiciously decided to intervene.
He sighed in comfort: Sherlock was warm and smelled of Starfleet-issue soap and sweat, dimensions that had somehow been missing from the castle, though he hadn't noticed it at the time. His friend's arms slid tightly around him, and John could feel him smiling against the top of his head. "Whatever do you think she meant by hanky-panky?" he said, the tone of amusement in his voice vibrating against John's hair. "It's like she thinks we had some kind of romantic awakening back there."
"Yes." The cocky smile on Jim's face was almost similar to that adorning John's best mate's; John found himself wondering whether he was only imagining the slightly uneasy feeling he'd had before. It was very hard to tell. When his head started up a vague ache, he gave up. "In fact, I'll probably be in your class from next week."
John freezes. The kiss only lasts for a moment but it sends a wave of something icy crashing down his spine, lighting his whole body like the Vegas strip before Sherlock pulls away, still smiling softly.
He reached for his wand on the bedside table, licking his fingers clean so that he didn't get John's come on it. He'd tried this spell before, but never on anything big.
He did so; quickly and without ceremony, the older man whisked his school trousers and pants down to his knees and placed him back down on the desk. Sherlock shifted slightly; he was sitting on someone's essay.
A brisk, cursory knock announced them before the two men entered; Mike Stamford, a lecturer to the third-year oncology specialists, and another man, who entered the room with a wry, old-man's comment of, "It's a bit different from my day."
He nodded judiciously. "Right. I'd guess these ones are like a band of rebels, or something, otherwise they wouldn't dare do
John frowned. "Viola and Olivia?" he repeated questioningly. "I only know that it is a comedy - Will compared it to
He kept walking, leaving John to wonder why, if his brother's seduction of the Constable bothered him so much, he didn't just walk back into the room and remove Lestrade. He wondered briefly whether he ought to go in there himself, but decided that the Constable could most likely take care of himself.
At first his things stood out like a sore thumb, as the saying goes. He didn't have many but because I had moved mine in beforehand, the struggle to find a suitable place for his among the clutter had been extensive. After a while they seemed to form some sort of compromise, or perhaps I simply grew used to the sight of his things settling in amongst mine as though they had always been there.
Marchbanks dipped his head politely. "Hannah and I will do it," Sherlock interrupted quickly. The Doctor looked around in surprise. "Hannah and Mr Marchbanks can fill me in on anything I might be unfamiliar with in terms of the technology and I'm sure we could work something out. At least get a sense of what needs to be done. And then you can stay up here with Fitzherbert – I'm not about to do anything to your systems while my colleague is still here with you, so the security team is unnecessary."
"So Lady Brackenstall stood up to her husband often?" he passed to the butler, picking up the jewellery box and peering at the lock.
" John gasped. Sherlock had backed him against the wall with his torrent of verbiage; he couldn't help but feel trapped, completely overwhelmed.
having it," he says. "I didn't know that last time. John, I haven't stopped thinking about you, about what we did. I
He had turned his back on John to avoid letting the doctor feel that he had been half-hard with anticipation since they had left the cab, but John grabbed his hips and pulled him flush against his chest, pressing his groin into Sherlock's left buttock. He wasn't as aroused as Sherlock himself, but he was definitely interested. "Relax," he murmured, his voice back to the arrogant drawl he'd been using earlier. Sherlock let out a shaky breath and let himself feel the way John's body was moving instead of worrying about his own.
John didn't, though, merely held out a hand to help him off the sofa. Flushing, Sherlock took it, careful to overshoot the gesture a little and bump gently into his flatmate's good shoulder, apologising with a quiet voice and yawning helplessly again. He took a moment to consider that before he met John he never would have allowed himself to be so vulnerable in front of another person, and yet now falling asleep and waking up slowly with John seemed easier than doing it alone.
John almost laughed at the expression on the other man's face. "Given his dissatisfaction with the end of
She guided his fingers into the correct positions, then placed one of her own hands over his and the other to his temple, connecting them both to her. "Okay," she said quietly. "Close your eyes and reach out with your mind. Imagine your mind leaking out of your fingers and into his head. I'm here, I'll help you."
John forced a smile. "Of course," he said unconcernedly. "I have enjoyed working with Molly, that's all - I'll be disappointed if we only have a little stage time together this time around."
The two seventh-formers exchanged nonplussed glances. Jim spoke about the 'human race' as though he wasn't one. However, what he said about them practically epitomised John's view of things. There wasn't any point in pretending not to like someone, because if they never found out then what chance did you have? That was one of the things he liked most about Bill. Sure, he could be hugely indelicate with it, but at least there was no doubt in Hannah's mind that he was interested in her. He hummed his agreement to the statement.
He'd gone back down to his office and started up routine scans for life on the surface, and that was where the oddities had started. His scanners had seemed unable to decide whether there was life on the planet or not: though respiration was apparently absent, the levels of psychic activity were high and some of the machines were adamant that they could detect heartbeats.
?" John asked, reaching instinctively to draw the detective back in and clasping nothing but empty air. Sherlock stood out of arm's reach, looking distinctly uncomfortable.
tight we can't just snap it, it needs to be a slow awakening. Let them get their breath back after holding it for most of the last scene. Let them sort out the sexual crises they're having trying to figure out whether what they just saw was homosexual or not, whether they're aroused or uncomfortable or disgusted. By the time they realise that it's all of those at once, when the scene starts properly,
The detective made his dismissive hand gesture again like this was irrelevant. "When I'm acting it's fine, because I only have to worry about the motivations of
The next room was a lecture theatre that John recognised from Starfleet Academy, empty but for the furniture. The blackboard was covered in a detailed diagram of what looked like the
"I very much think," his friend finished smugly. "Now hurry up and put your trousers on, or commit to leaving without them."
Small, dark hands closed around his shoulders and Hannah's face swam into his vision. Sherlock shrank away from her. "
Sherlock wondered if he would be expected to leave. "Can I stay?" he asked, no longer sure whether he wanted to appear young and vulnerable or whether that was just how he felt.
he shouted; helpfully, the detective cowered in the face of it, making himself as small as possible.
Peters did not open the door to them any further, instead shifting on his feet to lean against the doorframe and wedge his face more tightly into the gap. Sherlock smiled politely. "May we come in?" he asked, his voice sickly sweet.
"I wasn't laughing, Sherlock," John counters, dismayed, once again, at the angle the conversation has taken without his consent. "It's not stupid to want to be a pirate.
His heart trips and lands hard on the bottom of his stomach. "It's okay, Sherlock. I told you we were going too fast. We can try again later."
He sounded impressed; John smiled once more. With many companies, it was the actors that people remembered, but
"So that's it?" John asks blankly, looking up at Sherlock as the detective's eyes follow the patrol car around the corner. "It was some long-lost Bertha Rochester and that's it?"
"No, we didn't," John told him, massaging the spot on his back the best he could but not moving from where he had landed, warm against the broad expanse of the detective's chest. "I overreacted to your delivery of that line. We'll talk to Will about it later and work something -"
Tentatively, Sherlock leaned down and rested his head wistfully on John's shoulder as though in camaraderie.
He blinked. "Really? I never got the impression that she liked me. What were you talking about that she brought me up?"
John interrupted Sherlock's hasty retort, stepping closer again until their breaths mingled between them.
notice? The stable-boys sleep right upstairs, the dogs can't have barked at all or they'd have woken up. And what's more – John, are you still with me?"
Sherlock's long fingers found John's chin and gently tugged it back around to face him. "Is that okay?" he asked quietly.
Sherlock inhaled sharply, his hips thrusting up automatically. John smiled, and then he was biting at his lower lip, thrusting his tongue harshly between Sherlock's own teeth. Then he pulled away.
"Don't you think he'd be happier with you there?" the Doctor pressed. Irritation flooded Sherlock. "What if… he's bound to find out eventually, you know he is. How do you think he'll feel when he finds out that you've been alive for years and you never told him?"
John rolls his eyes good-naturedly. "That means there's the Sunday market at Regent's," he explains.
John followed him into the kitchen and planted his feet, shoulders back, a glint of steel in his eyes. "No," he said flatly. "No, I won't."
"Right," Sherlock dismissed, turning back to the pipes, trying to shake off the residual tingles of unease as Hannah very slowly released his arm. "Can you get Fitzherbert's office on the intercom first, we'll see if they can get someone to fix the lights."
forensics expert is an incompetent idiot," he'd snapped. "At least Constable Hutchinson knows the difference between a real fingerprint and a plant."
Kirsty stuttered a little, glancing at Hannah. "We… we thought because of the plague on the Degavar System, you know, they might have
Will smiled easily. "Sherlock," he said brightly, sounding quite deliberately as though he wasn't surprised to see him here in such a rage. "Can we help you?"
The assassin straightened his clothing firmly, a broad smile growing on his thin face. "If you've quite finished, Master Holmes," he said calmly, "I'd like you to leave now."
He struggled to phrase his reasons for not going in ways that Bill wouldn't immediately reject, but it was hard: he had definitely picked the weaker argument. And yet his most compelling thought when he imagined meeting Sherlock, promising something long-term, was an overwhelming sense of not being
There wasn't a tremendous amount of choice. Sherlock smiled. "All right," he said, trying to sound cheerful. The Doctor grinned gleefully and skipped around to spin a dial on the other side of the control panel. Sherlock tried to relax and stepped up to the platform to lean against the padded railing. "When do I get to meet this expert, then?" he teased, receiving a half-hearted swat of a disproportionately large hand in return.
to look at. John stepped away from him to kick off his pants and caught his breath at the sight of the young trainee standing naked in front of him, his hands fluttering at his sides as though he was trying not to cover himself up. "God, you're gorgeous," John told him. He smiled shyly.
, so he blinked tears away before they could well up in his eyes and stared out of the window. "I really do, because knocking on that door was one of the hardest things I have ever done, and I've done some pretty impossible things. But it was
Sherlock shrugged. "There were no portraits of her at the house. She said Teresa called Lestrade, which suggests that they were in place, at the very least, immediately after Lord Brackenstall died, and they must have
He was dressed in the same striking style as the past few days, impeccably fashionable but just different enough from what other well-off people were wearing currently to attract attention, his black coat billowing slightly in the icy breeze, tapping a roll of cue-scripts against one gloved hand. "Good morning, John," he greeted him calmly, as though they had arranged to meet and John ought to have been expecting him.
And with that done, he grins at the doctor, his grey eyes dancing, looking utterly mischievous and utterly kissable.
the other boy, as though he was someone vitally important, someone he couldn't allow himself to pass by. Someone who was, somehow, and it sounded absolutely horrible to verbalise it in his head,
the lines, it's obvious and elaborated on and spoken about. Yours and mine is built entirely on subtext. We
Will drummed his fingers nonchalantly on the desk. "Sherlock, you're familiar with everything I've ever written," he said, in the manner of one reasoning with a child. "Can you honestly tell me you're surprised?"
Sherlock didn't know what a Dalek was, but he shrugged nonetheless. "Very impressive. But will that work this time? This swarm didn't hatch from books, they won't know who you are."
he said instead. Sherlock shrunk yet further into himself and John kind of hated not only his character but
"Yes," Sherlock drawls scathingly. "And was Sunday morning last week, and it'll be Sunday morning next week, and every week until we're dead, and even then it –"
The range attendant, a rough sort of man missing his two front teeth, is unimpressed. "Yer got one shot left," he growls.
John's apparently overwhelming need to come, so he hooked his legs around the doctor's upper thighs and pulled them flush together. "
Trelawney-Hope looks awkward. "It was given to me for safekeeping. I put it in my personal safe for the night, right beside my bed. My wife and I are both light sleepers, no-one could have entered the room in the night without one of us waking up. It was only there for one night, then when I went to collect it the next morning it wasn't there."
"Of course I do," he replied, his voice lower than normal. Then he seemed to come back to himself, clearing his throat and leaning back again. Sherlock let his disappointment show on his face.
are not going." Sherlock blinks. John has sat back for most of this case and let Sherlock deal with it, but now there's serious danger and illegality and other adrenaline-fuelled solutions that make John's heart thump painfully and are impossible to resist. John needs to share these moments with Sherlock, needs them like he needs tea to function in the morning. Those snatched breaths after wild chases, mad giggles after near misses with mad axemen, stray looks in dangerous situations, those are the things John knows the consulting detective doesn't share with anyone else.
John's smile widened into something slightly dark, reminiscent of some kind of massive predator. "Oh, I'm
Further protests are cut off when John realises that the consulting detective, the one sitting on his chest, has extended a hand to cover his mouth as well. A moment later, it speaks.
Will called his name from across the bar, beckoning to the two of them. He now had one arm around Ben and the other around his drink; John grinned and lifted a hand in acknowledgement. "We should go and sit with them," he said reluctantly. He'd been rather enjoying having Sherlock more or less to himself, his lips slightly loosened by the ale. "Will probably wants them to see how great we are." The detective smiled ruefully, so John lifted his mug in a final toast. "To showing off," he said brightly.
"Remember that this is all inside my head," the Vulcan told him, his deep voice as rich as homemade treacle, seeming to surround John's head until he was submerged in it. "That you exist outside of my head as well."
They walked in a happier silence for a few moments, then Lestrade sighed. "I suppose I should report back to Mycroft," the Constable said tentatively. John wondered if he was imagining the distinct lessening of enthusiasm since the last time they had spoken of the elder Holmes.
Doctor Watson shook his head dismissively. "I want the journal," he said firmly. "That journal of somebody Holmes that he was looking at when you walked in."
, and something jolted through his body like an electrical current, and before he had time to realise what he was doing he'd made some kind of noise and surged forward with his body, dropping Julien's face and clutching his torso with both hands instead.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at the butler, who nodded slowly once more. "I am not an expert on such things, but I believe the missing pieces would be the most valuable. They had been in her family for several generations."
The safe is full of so many papers and manila files and photographs he can't help but gasp. It looks like it should be a source of wonder for archaeologists and historians, a vault of information such as this. But John, of all people, recognises the need to keep secrets. Sherlock begins to flick his long fingers over files and notebooks, scanning for a hint of the royal family. John, in turn, begins to flick his eyes over the frown of concentration on that beautiful face, the tiny furrow between his light eyebrows.
," he said. "I reckon he thought pretty well of himself and just thought everyone else was an idiot. Like he'd never realised how nice it feels to have someone tell you you're amazing, you know?" Bill raised an eyebrow and shrugged pointedly, as though John had made this exact argument before, though he didn't remember doing so. "He was clever in the same sort of way as Jim, actually," John mused. "You know, observant and good at drawing conclusions."
with him or just wanted his body in much the same way Sherlock had wanted John's before he began to know what it would be like to have it.
The two of them broke apart, John trying not to make his heavy breathing too obvious to the detective, who looked completely unruffled by the kiss.
It was around eleven the next morning that Lestrade called again to inform them there had been another murder. Sherlock looked at the clock in surprise. "Interesting," he replied simply. "Text me the address and we'll leave straight away."
Sherlock groaned in frustration. "It was only a suggestion, John, I won't bother if it's such a big problem for you."
"Okay." He feels like he needs to say something else, but after clenching and unclenching his fists a few times he simply repeats himself. "Okay. Goodnight, Sherlock."
"Yeah," the DI replied. There was a funny sort of background noise on the other end of the phone; Sherlock guessed that he was calling from a police car. "Look, we just dropped Charlotte off, walked her right to the door, like we said - she did know Pearson, by the way, she says he was the man from the bar who gave her the bruises."
The butler coughed delicately, evidently embarrassed by the subject. "I do not believe that he visited her at all," he said quietly. "Their marriage was one of convenience, not passion. I am sure that she was grateful for it - Lord Brackenstall was not a gentle man."
to role-play with him, which meant that he had misread all of the signals he thought he'd been getting, which brought the likelihood that John wanted
The younger boy curtsied politely to John as his group of attendants practically carried Antonio offstage, kicking and fighting them.
He put an arm around the detective and the younger man leaned his head against John's shoulder, seemingly content in their togetherness at last. Together there they listened to the tale of Malvolio until finally Molly turned to the two of them and smiled to see them embracing.
John's penis started to fill out against Sherlock's abdomen once more as they kissed and stroked one another; Sherlock began to notice John's hands roaming over his back and side, trailing over the ticklish dip leading into his hipbone. He squirmed at this, making John break away from the kiss for a moment to chuckle delightedly. "Are you ticklish?" he asked, rather redundantly given that Sherlock was shifting breathlessly away from his fingers.
The Doctor frowned. "Maybe not. But come on! Whole of time and space, wherever you want to go. Stars and planets and people you couldn't even imagine. Isn't that even a little bit tempting? What have you got here to leave behind?"
So he hooked his legs over John's to keep himself upright and brought the hand that had been holding the rim of the bathtub between his legs, closing it around himself and just holding it there as John's hands returned to work on his scalp. They had reached a certain balance between the firm, almost rough massage of the first time and the light, wary manipulations of the second: John was careful not to be too rough and overload Sherlock with sensation, but his movements were more purposeful, more of a massage. With the added pressure of his hand sliding slowly on his cock, Sherlock's breath came in harsh pants and his abdominal muscles twitched as orgasm marched inexorably closer.
