Sherlock was black and white, dark trousers, white shirt with a wingtip collar. His sleeves were rolled up and unbuttoned, and over the shirt he wore a black waistcoat that clung to his chest, his slim waist and the long backside like a second skin, the narrow stripes on it making him appear even leaner. Around his forehead he wore a pair of round goggles and a protruding magnifying glass was attached to it.
John took a look around and noticed only two other people who were sitting a few tables away, but they turned their heads away as soon as they saw him looking.
Sherlock's other hand turned into a pistol and they got into position.
"Oho," he laughed out loud, apparently an act to tell John he was impressed, "An army surgeon! Well, sometimes I do wish, as much as I love them, that my wife, God may bless her, or my beautiful daughter would have borne me a lad to serve Queen and Country. What an honourable work that must be for a man!"
Sherlock closes his eyes for a moment, allows himself to calm down and remember that John won’t leave again. "Of course she is. She’s yours, after all."
Now it’s Sherlock’s time to sigh. Well, he asked for it. "This is not how you do it."
"Maybe we should clean up a bit."
John's voice rasps out the words and it sounds like they were crawling on sandpaper, and from there on they travel right down below Sherlock's gut. He presses another wet kiss to his neck and the arousal must be sensible between them like a fireball floating through the room.
Sherlock's blue eyes were wide open, were sparkling with something close to relief. He came towards him in long strides, graceful with his dark red dressing gown swinging around his ankles. His arms reached out, and he didn't stop, and for a moment John thought he would... But he didn't. He did stop, right before him, and placed his big hands on his shoulders. He looked at him like he did not have the slightest clue what to say.
But she interrupted him. "And what have you done all day? You were gone so quickly, it seemed to be very important."
Again, applause. Somewhere in the crowd, a man in a black suit began to move. The big dresses and tall gentlemen switched positions like pawns on a chessboard, making room for him. A quiet rustle echoed through the room. The man stepped forward into the light.
"He's a vampyre," the detective breathed like a man who couldn't deny to have seen the devil. "Moriarty is a vampyre."
. Beating.
"But I told you, I did everything exactly as she said!"
They were yelling at each other, stumbling over each other in this big mess of words that were leading nowhere.
John held the storm in those conflicted eyes with his own. He wanted to ask him,
"Sherlock?" John does sound worried now, his brows drawn together, but the love on his face isn't gone. Something in him tells him that he can't unsee it now. From now on and until forever.
"Do you?" John was walking towards him until he could slam his flat hand on the tabletop right under his nose. "People died today. Good people. Why did they have to come here when we could have waited? Why send them to the Wellington Barracks –
"You will. Tomorrow."
John had barely been able to take a seat when a grey-haired man, dressed in dark brown tweed, walked into the main hall with heavy but quick steps and an already exasperated look on his face. He skimmed the room until his dark pair of eyes settled on John, anticipating.
Disoriented, John woke up to find they had landed in the middle of a large bush. His limbs were partially tangled with Sherlock's, who had sunken into leaves and branches, and he looked about as confused as he himself.
"Good afternoon," Sherlock greeted him. "My name is Sherlock Holmes and this is my intimate friend and colleague Dr John Watson. Everything you can say to me you may say to him."
"Dr Watson, I am-"
Warm blood mixed with saliva was dripping onto his cheek, running down his chin and he shivered. Those dead eyes probably scared him the most. This pure nothingness that seemed so useless, so wasted. Was that really all they could be? Their true form? He waited. He waited and waited, for seconds –
, his finger slides in, lubed up and slowly pushing, but it still creates a burning sensation he cannot resist to crave – the more it is never enough.
"I won't tell you anything. You haven't even told me your name." John tilted his head with a stern look on his face. A challenge.
Irene walked through the room with the same grace, but in a different dress that was covering a much greater amount of skin this time. She caught a very slim figure but did not look any less posh, despite the now slightly tousled hair and lazily adjusted hairdo. She was coming towards him in the midst of fastening her earring and appeared to be too concentrated to really see at him.
John leans back in. He takes his time now, is gentle in his touches and caresses his cheeks. They feel wet, somehow, but Sherlock doesn’t understand why. It’s like the tears are falling naturally.
"And where else ya wanna go?"
that she wasn't one of the inhuman. When the chance of spilling acid on her presented itself to me, I took it without a second thought. The achievement of hurting her is a rare one, and she deserved it."
"Have you come here to torment me?" Sherlock pressed out. He was a lot taller than her, but right now the upper hand was not his own.
Clinging to his slim waist was a dress shirt with a sharp collar, a white waistcoat with soft, barely visible flower patterns, contrasting with the black tail-coat and black trousers. A combination that should not have worked, but worked so beautifully for him.
They took the long way by foot, taking their time today to feel the heart of the city pounding again with the people on the streets around them. On their way, they took the road through Burgess Park, where the last five-fold leaves were fainting from green to chestnut and began covering the ground and leaving the branches naked. For the entirety of their walk they rambled about together, in silence for the most part, as two men who knew each other intimately. The sound of drums and people reached them as soon as they set foot on Tower Bridge to cross it. After giving each other a quick look that conveyed the same message –
"You couldn't. Now be so kind as to perform your part of this. Get me out."
"No, no, no," John interfered. "But these are not human. There is more to a human being than the ability to think, is there not? You cannot just throw together a few odds and ends, bit of gears and cogs and create life!"
Was he a prisoner, too? John felt the beginnings of a headache. But maybe it was only the pain from the back of his head that was slowly pushing forward.
Behind him they heard Greg Lestrade leading the people through the front door, and thank God, at least he was still alive!
John swallowed as he tried to keep his body from enduring yet another shiver. There was something so wrong and so weird about this situation that he was torn between preparing himself for a fight and turning around, getting back on the train and escaping from this city and his responsibilities altogether. He reached for his suitcase blindly to finally flee the scene.
"If you want to put it like that. He was certainly the most useful of the Yarders, given that this is not a particularly difficult art to master."
"Yes."
"Just a second, Doctor. I couldn't fail to notice you grimacing at my work. Let me show you something."
!" He was looking at Sherlock.
Yes, how
Their father had been a horrible person. A conservative man threatened by all that was different from his own narrow tunnel vision, one who always sang God Save the Queen with pride and commitment in his voice.
"Have you spotted him yet?"
He thinks he's going mad with how much he likes it, and he has only just realised that it is John's jumper he is holding there in his arms. Also John's jumper that gets now pulled out of his hands. Sherlock tries to keep it over his head to protect him from the bad real world, he tries to fight for it, but sleep has weakened his muscles and soon the sun is blinding him again.
"Oh, Sherlock. You're just … Fuck."
they found themselves in since Sherlock came back.
"Hmmh, very. Don't stop."
"John," he said, still waiting for the detective to take his hand.
One of Sherlock's hands, still too heavy for his weak limbs to heave, travels all the way up until his fingers close around his testicles. He gives them a slow massage and feels John breathing harder above him. From this perspective, being on eye level with it, his cock looks huge and it's almost overwhelming to look at it for too long. It's all flushed and thick, veins pressing against the skin and pulsate with every quick heartbeat, filling it with more arousal. The head of it is already slick with pre-cum, and Sherlock feels his own spent cock growing with renewed interest at the sight alone. When he presses one of his fingers into the skin just behind John's balls, he watches in fascination as it jumps once, twice, the pre-cum sticking to his skin like a twine.
"Well, yes but…" Sherlock has trouble finding a response to this. Sometimes he wishes John wouldn’t be smarter than he looks. "This is not a crime scene, John! This is about hair-braiding. Simply observing what is in front of you and replicating what you see. Even apes can do that!"
, and Sherlock added the
There was one person still left out so far. What would Tom’s job be? Of course, there was always need for an extra pair of hands to help. Or maybe it wasn't and he was just here to impress Ms Hooper. John couldn't even blame him for that, as he himself was one foot in the door of similar intentions regarding a different person. He looked over to Sherlock to see him, really
"With the casework, I mean."
"So that's why?" John asked with a smile.
"I could always trust my instincts."
"Quickly now. They are starting to look at us."
The laughter went on for a little while, and by the time it died off, John had settled down into the chair opposite Sherlock.
"Don't try to get through this alone. You don't have to."
"I did. And I was close to finding a way for him, but he – James Moriarty..." Her gaze kept wandering off into the distance like her mind had gone blank for a second. Her eyes locked with his again. "I am not as naive and fragile as you may think."
"No. But you can."
But Moriarty smiled knowingly and cut him off. "You have my word." They didn't discuss further how his word had never meant shit.
knighthood you served in, at least not during the last six to seven years. You fought in a real war."
"Quite the full house tonight."
"Ehm, fireworks?"
"Hello." At this point John was practically glowing with amusement. He had no idea what was going on, but
"This is where it all began, where it
. Your smell was making me mad," John mumbles, continuing to kiss him. By the time he is lightly sucking the skin into his mouth, releasing it, sucking it in again, Sherlock is whimpering helplessly and his knuckles are painted white from the strength of his grip on the chair.
Sherlock gave him a frown.
Sherlock stared him down until John could only swallow and listen. "For I am not a copy. I am the original, as alive as I have ever been. My body has always only been my mind's transport, and if you think that anything I said to you was only a product of technology, well, you are dearly mistaken. I have always made myself. No one could take my own thoughts from me. But there is something I need back."
John was convinced that it had to be the wine talking out of him that had made his mind hazy and tired as he looked at him and thought that
The guards standing by threw a very confused look at Lestrade, who was just pinching the bridge of his nose and shaking his head like this was all just the usual madness with those two.
, Sherlock."
At a moment's notice he pulls his fingers out too hastily, causing Sherlock to let out a sharp hiss as the burning returns.
"Tonight's recommendation," he said, holding up the bottle. "Italy's finest! I know you like the red." The man spoke with an accent. Italian, presumably.
as well as that overly protective brother of his.)
." There was so much sincerity and exposure in those last words that John felt like he had just laid all of his worst memories open for him to see. He swallowed down the urge to take it back and instead stretched out a hand over the table to touch Sherlock's wrist.
"What do you say?" John asked, slowly getting nervous. He could already feel his only chance slipping through his fingers.
"I should not be given the opportunity to find out until it was too late. As merely a month later, he picked me up a second time." His blue eyes shifted a few times between John and Mrs Hudson before he averted them. "When I was considering to end it all."
But John groans and listens to him, bending down and finally, finally starts moving again. He builds up speed and pushes into him, he can feel his hard cock like the hotly burning key to all his cravings. He thrusts into him again, and again. And again, and again.
When he turns it hot again, the dizziness returns, leaving his flesh wanton, his mind more and more lightheaded. He only hopes he won't suddenly faint in the shower and hurt himself. Or eventually combust. As he opens the bottle of shampoo to get some sense into his head by massaging it with slick fingers, he quickly realises that he has made a mistake. He needs the touch, the feeling of being held. But the sudden twinge of lonliness gets replaced by renewed desire when the shampoo is running down his body, down his chest, caressing and tickling his hipbones, inevitably on its way in between his legs.
Sherlock's eyes dropped down. He gave small nods of understanding what this meant for both of them.
will owe
"There's no need apologising," he said, and then tried to encourage her to keep talking, "And I really don't mind the jabbering."
"Do as he says," he told them in an exhausted tone before straightening his posture and shouting, "Holmes, really?"
He strokes him from head to shaft, two times, three times, and then he is coming, hot release spilling over John’s hand and the sheets while Sherlock’s body spasms with one long, loud moan that the thin walls of their flat couldn’t have been able to hold in. (Sorry, Mrs H.)
, asks almost desperately
"James Moriarty, on the other hand, wasn't ready to waste anything."
John doesn’t flee to take an hour-long walk that day. He would never trade a lazy Sunday with Sherlock Holmes, after all. Sherlock continues with his experiment, and John reads. Later they watch telly together and Sherlock yells at the incompetent game show host on BBC One. He said he could wait till John figures this out, whatever this is. But maybe they both don’t have to wait that long. Maybe, just maybe, posh boy could actually love him back.
Sherlock held still and paused in front of it. He had taken the posture of art's true admirer or critic, with one arm slung around his body supporting the elbow of the other and one finger pressed to his lips as though to silence himself. John wished that he could see whatever he saw in this picture of a night sky. Instead he saw something else. He got a glimpse of brilliance that naturally whirled in the air around him, and once Sherlock puffed his chest out and blinked, his eyes ran wild over that piece of art. When he let out the next breath, his hard stare turned to widened eyes and his lips opened ever so slightly like he was trying to hide an epiphany.
That was enough of an answer for him. But well, there had been toes in a jar on this table only yesterday, so why was he still surprised? John hung the goggles over the tube of the microscope and was about to retreat from what looked like a miniture scientific battleground when Sherlock rushed over and started to snap at him.
"Oh, I'm so sorry-" The lady said, and Sherlock turned around.
"Only if he's looking for me."
"That is no business of yours." He looked around himself. They all looked tired to him. His body wasn't but his mind was feeling the same way for a very long time. "Come now. Go home, everyone."
Sherlock opened the first two buttons of his coat and took out a long wooden pipe. He placed it between his lips (that John's eyes couldn't help but be drawn to in that moment) before he then took out a box of matches. John wondered if he should warn him about fire in a small room, but then he had already lit his pipe. The smell of burnt tobacco filled the air, and the ash glowed in an orange pond of its own embers. Soon the smoke was all around him. He coughed.
"I am."
"Uh," he could only hear himself say. As a doctor, he should be able to explain this, shouldn't he? But where the arm had been mounted to the shoulder there was only a hole now. No sign of flesh or bone.
A glance at his pocket watch told John that it was already past seven in the evening. He imagined Sherlock still had plans. Doing some research of his own, maybe going undercover again … Something dangerous and exciting by all means. So John should probably bid him good night and not hold the detective up for much longer.
"Knight Captain, yes," John nodded.
"We should go," said John. "Now."
"We helped them rescue everyone we could," said Lestrade.
There was a moment of shared melancholy where none of them could remember how to breathe, holding their gazes upon each other, and there was an equal understanding for what could only be left unspoken in the space between them. An understanding, flickering between both their armchairs, the carpet, the mirror in which none of their forms were mirrored, and Sherlock's eyes were saying it all.
"It was not like that, I swear it. But I must admit, I thought..."
John rolled his eyes and smiled.
"You are..."
In the midst of a split second, he falls to his knees in front of Sherlock and pulls the love of his life so close to him that the flowers caught between them are unlikely to survive the impact. Luckily, only their berries are deadly poisonous.
Irene Adler had proven herself a match to him a long time ago. Whatever else she would prove to be to them was determined by every next move she made.
Sherlock tilted his head in curiosity and walked over to him. John took his one hand and then his other in his hands and squeezed. This face, Sherlock thought as he looked directly into ocean blue eyes, was that of a man who loved honestly, unconditionally. Still not believing he could truly have this, deserve this, he knew the least he could do was the same and more.
John blinked his eyes open, blinking back tears. His heart would only let him cry so very rarely.
- for the stinging pain of eager teeth that would then cause his heart to slow and be slower still, stop forever.
He was about to use the doorknocker when he noticed that the door was already open a gap. A bit dumbfounded he stared at the open door for a moment, then looked around. No one to be seen. After he had made sure that he didn't look like an intruder, although, strictly speaking, intruding was exactly what he was about to do, he pushed the door open and walked up the stairs until he was standing in a dark hallway. The only light source came from above, out of dirty windows, and it drew John's gaze immediately to the upper staircase. From there he heard signs of life, or rather ... music. Following it, he felt like he was entering another world by going up the stairs, each creaking a little louder against the soft tunes. But the music never stopped (
"Hmh?" Sherlock raised one brow in question, eyes still closed.
Greg lets out a loud and frustrating sigh. “I can’t believe he always gets away with avoiding the post-case paperwork!”
is. In the centre of the web. A criminal web with a thousand threads. He moves one leg and on the other end the trap is set." Never had he seen Sherlock speak more sincerely, his face clouded with an odd fog of concern and interest. "Spiders, John, lay many eggs."
"Alright, Ms Adler, let's save some lives."
"But if you solved it, why not tell him directly?" He knows Sherlock usually has his reasons, but the words are out before he can stop himself. Sherlock lets out a snort. Avoiding his gaze now again, and mumbling something incomprehensible. "Sorry, what was that?" John asks, still with a disbelieving grin on his face.
Lestrade was leading a nauseous looking Molly Hooper over the passage by her hand. John was more than glad to see them alive and well. Sherlock and he made their way down, and when Molly's eyes caught Sherlock's form, she ran for it. This time their hug was both-sided and earnest.
Dangerous, undead creatures, quick and able to kill within a half second of someone else's carelessness.
"Dr Watson?"
Sherlock thought that, from John's lips, it did not sound like such a bad thing to be.
"And I even thought it was strange, such a skilled doctor coming to us so soon after Sherlock was gone."
And here he was, having accused Sherlock of being obsessed with control. His brother was on a whole different level. Still, the fact that he had never heard of him before was not to be taken lightly. He had no means of betraying Sherlock's trust or taking away his decisions from him. On the other hand, he had no doubt the man would make his threats come true. He seemed to care a lot about Sherlock as well. John wondered how long he could stretch his patience before the punishment would come. But he was willing to find out.
She blinked. Up to Sherlock, to John behind him, down to the floor. She felt like the intimidating presence that wasn't meant to witness such private moments between them. Sherlock looked surprised to find John standing behind him so suddenly. Surprised but relieved to have him back by his side. And Molly knew that this was what caring looked like. She wondered if
Everyone else clapped with him, the same slow pattern.
"Do give him some credit, Sherlock."
(See the end of the chapter for
when he groans,
A knock on the door. John's heart jumped as he turned his head in Mrs Hudson's direction as she entered. When he turned again, Sherlock was gone. Somehow he was sitting in his chair again, the same position he had admired earlier. Mrs Hudson brought with her a tray full of biscuits.
“Do you think John would like this? Is what we’re doing a good tribute to him?”
, had been cast in the role of Gavin Hawke, the DI, and suggested Sherlock for the part. Ironically his character, Baz Culpeper, also had a drug problem. In the pilot episode, his character met his mentor when he stumbled onto a crime scene high as a kite and offered his deductions to the detective.
I’m having one of those nights, though. It rained this morning, so I didn’t ride my bike to the surgery, still raining when I got home, a steady, drenching rain, so I haven’t walked. I’m staring at the ceiling, wondering whether I should take the pill.
“You’ve become sentimental. That’s interesting as well.”
“I am safe. But if it means losing you, it’s not worth it. I hate every day without you.”
He’s wondering how a gorgeous man like… like
“I don’t know. It just came to me. It was a cold night, so he must have been wearing a coat if I went outside with him, right? Well… never mind.” He closes his eyes again.
John nodded. “I don’t know how. He seems to know everything about everybody.” He sighed. “I wasn’t even that sure myself for a long time. You know how sometimes you just know something, even though nobody’s told you? I thought I was gay, but I knew I could never have a boyfriend, never hold his hand or walk down the street with him. I would be forced to date women and maybe eventually marry one, and never say what I really wanted. And I just couldn’t do that.”
People resist change, but that doesn’t stop it from happening. For so many years, he’s tried to be the person he became after Victor rejected him, the one who despised sentiment and thought alone protected him. He doesn’t miss that person. He looks forward to who he will become now, open to loving John, willing to risk hurt. Love is bound to be a bit risky; otherwise it wouldn’t be worth anything.
It became a game they played. Each time one of them would drop a bit of information for the Yarders and the other would play his role.
They eat without resuming their former conversation, occasionally remarking about how good the food is. They skip coffee and baklava and walk home in silence.
Michael laughs. “Oh, I see. You’re critiquing my style. Well, it’s not going to matter in a few minutes, once I’ve prepared your injection.”
And now she’s dead, and Sherlock is alive. And John is bereft.
John has put on his obstinate face. “I’m not going to introduce you to anyone, especially my ex-wife, as my
Brilliant, beautiful— and he thinks John isn’t interested?
“Where’d you manage to get an official-looking marriage license?”
“No need to be crude, Watson.”
“Of course. You’re always extraordinary.”
Upstairs in my room, I lie on the bed. Sleep doesn’t come.
An old man comes into the surgery with symptoms of a urinary tract infection. I note the clues: Slavic accent, dark glasses, hat pulled down— for a moment, I imagine it’s Sherlock, and I almost laugh, want to grab him and snatch off the terrible disguise.
“She was unhappy. I told her when we met that I intended to go into the army after med school. But when it came time, she said that I was being selfish. I told her that I’d planned to serve and intended to go. I just didn’t feel I could give it up, you know? She was angry.”
The door opened and a dark-haired woman came in carrying a script and a tablet computer, a phone held between her shoulder and ear. “Sorry,” she said, grappling her armful to the table and sliding the phone into the bodice of her dress.
“Help me!” Watson croaks. Blood is running into his eyes. “Please, help...“
“God, Sherlock! You
“As usual, you have missed everything of importance. This was a planned meeting, not a chance encounter. Milverton was not dressed for bed; he’d been awake, expecting someone. That person is your murderer, gentlemen.”
“I don’t know how you go from that—“ he waggles his hand at the telly— “to my daughter. Tell me how you do that, hm?”
“I’ll send a coach for him tomorrow,” he said. “See that he’s packed and ready to go.”
“I am here to save you a trip to the Register office— and from the wrath of our mother.”
He stopped at a display of socks. Sherlock did love his silk socks, so much that he kept them indexed in his drawer. And socks were something you really couldn’t have too many of.
At this point I looked up at Miss Garvey. “I should like to read this book.”
“You’re planning to stick around into tomorrow?”
Time meant less to me. I may have slept during the afternoon, drifting off as I was thinking, and when I opened my eyes, it was sometimes hard to tell if I was awake or asleep. It didn’t matter; I would get where I was going eventually.
Pulling me closer, Sherlock wraps himself around me, and soon we’re together in a warm cocoon. Sherlock relaxes, but he’s not asleep. His eyes are open, looking at me in the darkness.
“Follow-up question, then. When did you know you were not gay?”
. “Don’t kill me.”
I think about calling Mike, having lunch or something. He might want to meet me at Barts, though, and I’m not ready to go back there.
Watson was at Barts, doing his rounds, and I was reading an article about the Bertillon System of physical identification. One physical marker, fingerprints, was superior, he claimed.; even identical twins do not share the same whorls on their finger pads. I was remembering a case I’d once had involving identical twins, where that system might have proved useful. In that case, one twin had killed the other and taken his identity, having learned his signature well enough to forge it. It was his twin’s wife that spotted the difference, a small scar on his lower abdomen. One day, the author claimed, police departments would keep records of the fingerprints of all criminals.
“This is a live performance. You’ve done theatre, so you know how many things can go wrong on opening night. Over time, your performances even out. We have just one night to do this right. No one will see what we put into it if we don’t pull it off. My job is to make sure things don't go wrong. You have a reputation for being difficult. I need to know: can you keep your head in the right space?”
“You might have agreed ahead of time what your story would be,” he pointed out.
As predicted, Henry’s parents have no useful information. The father is a bank manager and the mother is a nurse. Hard-working, thrifty, honest people whose only desire is to be talked about by other people in positive tones. Their son is an only child, no doubt because they wanted him to have only the best of everything. Mrs Crawford is fretful, her eyes pink from crying; Mr Crawford seems angry, but without a good target for his displeasure. Like most middle-class men, he seems to think he didn’t deserve this, and wants to demand that someone be held accountable.
“Mr Lestrade,” I said. “He is not my
John wasn’t well even before he sat down. Recuperating from his injuries, he has clearly lost a lot of weight in recent months. He seemed hungry, but as he ate his dinner, he became uncomfortable, which suggests that he hasn’t been eating well lately. The meal was too heavy for him. Financial troubles, Sherlock had deduced. He’s probably been living on instant noodles and canned beans. And he saw the moment when it occurred to John that there would be a bill for the meal which he would not be able to pay. His face paled, and he looked unwell, excused himself from the table.
A person who doesn’t mind his silences. An introvert, perhaps.
Things are in fact going around. And around. He wishes they would stop so he could figure out walking. Here’s his cane, being useful. At least his leg doesn’t hurt. In fact, he can’t feel his feet at all. Makes walking a challenge.
“It’s a hard thing to deal with when you’re that young. Maybe you hadn’t figured out what you were, and he labeled you. His remark struck at your identity. You might have felt that he’d stolen from you the opportunity to define for yourself who you are.”
Victor was more or less trustworthy. If Sherlock asked, he might be able to verify the existence of the Dark Web version of Magnussen’s film. Out of respect for John, though, he wouldn’t ask. He hated the idea of people seeing John like that, when it had so obviously been a kind of abuse. Even if it was a drawn-over, cartoon version of things that hadn’t happened, John had been victimised. Sherlock hated that this had been done to him, that it had pushed a vulnerable boy towards suicide, towards his desperate need to escape the life he’d worked so hard to build. He wouldn’t resurrect it and subject John to more pain.
Mind the POV switches.
"Holmes,” he said, smiling. “You didn’t tell her, and yet she learned the truth— and survived the shattering of her delusions.”
Sherlock looked up at him, smiling blankly. "Problem?"
“I guess he’s caught up in something,” he says. “He gets that way, completely forgets about eating and sleeping and just obsesses about some problem or something. I should probably see what he’s up to.”
John made another sound, this one something like a gasp. His mouth moved wordlessly for a few seconds, and then he said, “Oh, God.”
Holmes: I have deduced that. And it is not a fallacy if you have deduced the same about me. You stimulate more than my mind.
“I thought I might attend the event. Wouldn’t you like to accompany me?”
Brook shook his head. “I don’t know, but I’ve always felt our fates were intertwined. While your career rose, mine didn’t get off the ground. No auditions, only bit parts. It was as if you’d always gotten there first, gone to the head of the line. So I thought maybe we could switch places for a while. If your star is falling, mine might finally rise.”
Once in their own space, a slightly larger, nicer dormitory room with its own ensuite, Holmes paces around restlessly, ignoring Watson, who is hanging up his trousers in the small wardrobe.
He feels no antagonism towards Ella specifically. Having a therapist embarrasses him. He shouldn’t feel this way, lots of people have therapists, and there’s no shame in that— but he has never seen himself as the type of person who needs to talk to a professional about his life. Life isn’t easy, never has been, but that’s just how things are.
A woman with bright blue hair reaches between us, grabs a tub of peach yoghurt, then lingers, considering the mixed berry flavour.
It will take him longer this time; like Victor, John can’t be entirely deleted. He’s become a part of Sherlock’s world, his mind, his days and nights. But he can put him away, all those memories in a place he will refuse to visit, as he did with Victor. It must begin now, and for that to happen, he must first remember everything.
“Are you letting her date?”
He fell asleep under my hands. I held him as he slept.
The entire reason John discovered his repressed sexuality was that Mary discarded him. To be rejected by a woman he’d devoted himself to, in spite of difficulties, shook him deeply. He lost everything— wife, family, career, health. He had no choice but to start from scratch. That was where Sherlock had found him.
I kissed him. “He has finally realised what I saw in you when we met.”
real, and I have to move on. I’ll never stop loving you, missing you, wishing I understood.
“Of course. Dinner was lovely. Her brothers and their wives are delightful. Her parents are delightful. They all found me delightful. Mutual admiration all around.”
“Sherlock did.” John smiled at him. “Well, he didn’t know. I became a big fan of
“You are young,” I replied. “A young mind makes up in passion for what it lacks in experience.”
“I realise that.” She frowns. “But we’re still a family, two parents raising a child, and we need to work on that. We might get some advice on dealing with her, and maybe coax her into coming with us eventually. I think if you suggested it, she might agree.”
I laughed. “No, it makes a good trophy.” I sank into his chair. “And it is the only thing I shall gain from this case.”
“I did. You needn’t have worried.”
Stasis is to be avoided, when possible. Holmes has been in that state many times, accidentally or on purpose, trying to see what might lie beyond. The vulnerability of the state is not dying, but discovery. A human body neither dead nor alive seems to defy science. Well, it does in fact defy it, and that is a conundrum Holmes has never solved.
“So, you haven’t figured it all out?” She smiled up at him.
“Oh,” says Lestrade. “Thank you. If it’s not out of your way.”
It must puzzle certain people that a man like Watson remains a bachelor, sharing rooms with a man as antisocial as me. I did not often dwell on our situation, but every now and then I felt some doubt. What could a man like Watson, handsome and eligible, see in a man like me?
Bread arrives at the table. John eagerly takes a piece. Sherlock passes him the butter. He applies it liberally and takes a bite.
“I’ll still be your biggest fan, though,” Brook went on. “I used to watch Alex Tribble all the time, and I said to myself,
“I do not love the lady, if that is what worries you. My motive is a practical one: she will provide a buffer against suspicion. For you, as well.” I finished smoothing my hair and took my top hat off the rack. “Well, time for me to be off. Wish me luck.”
“But he wasn’t suicidal, was he? Parents are supposed to die. It was hard on him because he felt guilty, and he felt guilty because he felt relieved. She was abusive, in my opinion. He was secretly glad she was gone. And he has no other family, besides his older sister.”
That night John came to me as I lay in my bed. I felt agitated, happy to be leaving this house where I’d been so unhappy, fearful of the place I was going to. But John would come with me, I hoped.
John woke up nearly gasping out loud. He never noticed how his body reacted to those scenarios, not until he took in his surroundings – the blanket suddenly abandoned on the floor, or his own position on the bed suddenly being horizontal rather than vertical. Sometimes, he would wake up with scratches on his arms or torso.
John's mouth was open to say something, but a smell in the room caught his attention. Over Sherlock's shoulder he saw that there was a lit pipe on a piece of newspaper. A newspaper that had caught fire!
The detective sighed next to him. "Yes, Doctor."
"I wonder," he stated, counting on Sherlock's curiosity to get the better of him and ask him to specify. When he didn't, he turned his head and counted the clouds in the sky. It was a blue day and the sun was shining. Not many clouds to count. One could be led to think they had all made a home in Sherlock's mind. He tried again.
John’s eyes widen in shock and his heart jumps once in his chest and then stops, he thinks, just stops, and he wants to melt and become one with the floorboards. This is bad.
"Once I have ceased to neglect the concept of it all, I did try to understand it. I regret denying it for such a long time. Such
When he draws back, he runs his thumbs over this incredible pair of cheekbones to dry Sherlock's face from tears. "And yes, of course," he whispers, trying not to break both of them,
John had already known he had good reasons to doubt Mycroft Holmes. He put his warm hand over Sherlock's in the space between them. Surprise cleared his eyes from worry and he turned around to look at him.
"I-I'm. I don't-" John stammered.
Well, look at him now. So gentle with him. Patient. He
"You enraged that man! This all started after he noticed our presence, did it not?"
John holds him there, not saying anything about what is currently pressing into his abdomen. He feels so intimate, so well-known, so like the place he always wanted to belong to, but never quite understood how to get there. The place he could sometimes come to, curl up, press his face into the crook of a warm, muscular neck and cry.
"Yes?" Sherlock asked. Did this come as a surprise to him?
It calms Sherlock down the longer they are kissing and slowly closing the distance between their bodies more and more. They are mirroring each other, looking like jigsaw pieces that can only paint the full picture together, John's parts fitting Sherlock's perfectly. They are sitting opposite each other with their knees bent and their legs entangled, feet touching the other one's thighs and bum. It eases the anxiety and soothes the sorrow around his heart as John's hands find the back of his head to run his fingers through soft curls. They kiss until Sherlock's tears dry, and as if John could sense it, he moves on to press kisses to his salty cheeks where the skin feels hardened from dried teardrops.
John felt like a coward. He knew that, perhaps, he didn't have to feel this way. Was it considered cowardly to not tell your receptionist that you wanted to quit your job, and also avoiding to talk to Stamford, the guy who got you said job barely four weeks ago? Or would it be worse to simply go for it, simply do it, leave everything behind and run away?
At this point he would believe almost anything coming from this man's lips. They turned around the corner. The longer they were strolling through these halls, the more Sherlock's gaze and posture loosened up. Slowly but surely he was getting out of the mindset of the detective on the hunt and let cracks through the mask hiding a much more sensitive being. And perhaps John just enjoyed that a bit too much.
beating of his heart?
The whole fic contains a lot of references, mostly from the show
Did Moriarty know already?
"It’s a compilation, John, surely you can’t know all of these, or I would seriously question your sanity."
"It might sound mad in retrospect but I assure you, he wasn't always the madman we know today. He was a fellow student of mine. Driven by jealousy and frustration as he was, I did not see the danger in him. I saw an equal. A rival worthy of my own capacities. It goes without saying that... I was wrong."
. For a second or two his head just swims somewhere far away from here, and he doesn't know if his body has simply fallen to the ground like a puppet whose strings got cut, or if it plans to live life without him from now on, nor does he care, he thinks, if he can only keep feeling like this forever.
"Of course, why wouldn't I be?" Sherlock spits out without second thought, and he talks too fast in the attempt to disguise all his insecurities. "Apart from the fact that they are easily the hardest working creature on this planet and that they pollute about four hundred different agricultural types of plants, which is essential for reproduction and sustaining ecosystems, they beautify the world for not only our selfish species but birds and insects as well. Our lives would differ enormously without them."
He did not realise how close they had come. It felt too natural to be questioned. Like a pair of magnets. Their faces were mere inches apart, their chests were almost touching. John's hidden dogtag, one source of his misery, a reminder never to love like this again, could have touched the place of Sherlock's missing heart. John was the first to tilt his head ever so slightly.
"Oh, yeah, more, Sherlock,
“John! Wait. We never say what we want to say.”
Sherlock had let him sleep in his bedroom.
John's breathing was heavy but slowly the signals of pain in his hand and the sight of what he had done made him come to his senses. Sherlock was staring at him with his mouth agape. Speechlessness with him was always worrying. He should not have said that. He should not have done that. Shame crawled over his body but he was still panting too hard to acknowledge it.
Something else caught his attention. One staircase was leading up. But there was another, hidden in the shadow. It was leading downwards. A basement!
The Sherlock behind the glass was wet and cold when John came to him, putting his face in his hands.
John smiled back.
Lestrade smiled back at him. "Oh, I would have many good reasons to lock up the both of you. But this is not one of them.”
By the time he was leaving The Prof, the sun was already starting to set on the far horizon, bathing the London skyline in a soft orange. Sunrays were breaking through the rosy-tinted blanket of clouds, and they were falling through them in straight lines like they were aching to touch the ground. The sky improved John's mood a little, and he hailed a cab. In it, he took the ear out of his coat pocket and looked at it with slight suspicion from where it was placed in both his palms. He knew Sherlock had a pretty sharp sense of hearing. Could he hear the wheels of the hansom turning? The hooves clattering, the horses snorting? Could he hear John's steady breath or the rustling of his clothes? The
upstairs suffers from a burn injury," he explained like John wouldn't know, and pronounced her being like it had offended him personally. "You are here to treat her, obviously, but there is more to it."
the pleasure tips over and he comes and comes, long and hard in waves of white noise.
Before he decided to take Sherlock's offer from earlier and make his way into his bedroom to turn in for the night, somehow he remembered that he still wanted to clear up a matter before morning would break.
"Sherlock." John says it again, quieter. He puts one hand to his knee, and Sherlock's eyes widen immediately. John, too, stops. There is a sudden flashback, not longer than a split second, of his own stag night. (
He found Sherlock's undefinable eyes on him again. Alright, he would play this game with him. They had done sillier things together. "I work. I work, well, two jobs at the moment. Or even three, if you will. If we count me working for you."
"If your intention was to blend in," he said, "wouldn't it have been smart to wear something more discreet?"
But the only thing that will come out of his mouth, the only word he can make his dizzy brain think of is, “John!”, so he says it, over and over again, “John, John,
John feels his heart swell at the odd sweetness of what he has just heard, feeling flattered and suddenly oddly turned on at the same time. It’s a mixture he can learn to get used to rather quickly. "Oh,
"Sherlock, we- we've got to stop now, really... Hmmh..." Sherlock claims his mouth again by pressing his lips against it, feeling John's enthusiastic grunt when their tongues meet again.
Slowly, he rose his head. The General and her men pointed their guns in his direction. Turning around, he saw that Sherlock's gun was pointing at... him.
. To make a wish. He doesn't know yet, could gladly put it away, along with a chuckle, actually. It's a joke. As long as he does not realise that it isn't. Sherlock starts to see it now, and the innocent chuckle dies in his throat.
– and from the moment he had first spoken of him, one of his hands had found the back of Moran's neck, which he now began to stroke, his eyes gleaming.
"Alright," Sherlock whispers to Rosie, trying not to raise his voice to a level on which it would break. "The two of us can manage while Daddy is out, can’t we?"
Meanwhile, Sherlock Holmes was still playing the lone wolf, appearing to be daydreaming somewhere in the corner where no one would pay any attention to him. Only John knew better than to assume his thoughts had anything to do with dreaming at all. He walked up to him only to be ignored. Not like he had expected anything else.
"Sir." Anthea was holding a little device close to her ear. It looked a bit like a tiny trumpet. "It's General Midnight, Sir. They are ready."
"May I bring you to your table, sir?"
"Meow!"
could be anything.
They both burst out laughing. The rush of adrenaline hit him like a giant blast. He didn't know how Sherlock's system worked, but he had to feel it, too. They were laughing and giggling like schoolboys.
But he stopped as the ground underneath him shook and bestial sounds started filling the air. It was a cracking and snapping noise. It was the sound of tiny teeth and legs crawling over the floor. Just beneath the remains of Irene Adler dozens and dozens of black spiders scuttled out, turning the room dark and creating the illusion of an earthquake. They were thick and hairy, and they were coming for them! One of them was already up John's leg and he shook it with sudden panic until it fell off, but they grew and grew in numbers, countless as they were relentless. Irene had transformed into an endless stream of hunting spiders, and now John started panicking. He was not afraid of spiders. Having thousands of them coming for him, though, was also not exactly a dream come true. He hated losing track of his enemies, needed a clear aim he could fire at. In his mind's eye, he could already see himself breaking down and having this stream of vermin burying him underneath their tiny claws and clasping fangs.
There's a second finger now, and Sherlock actually cries out when John uses it to open him up further. Up to now he hasn't even properly realised that silent moans and incoherently whimpered words are all the sounds he has been making for the past five minutes (five hours, five years, estimating the amount of time passed doesn't seem to really matter) and he clenches the sheet beneath his hands out of frustration.
John eyed him once more from head to toe. They stayed in the far side of the room as they began to walk around.
John has difficulty keeping his breathing under control. With clever fingers Sherlock traces the slight curve of his pulsating cock all the way up to the tip where he lets it jump and twitch from the tease.
, Sherlock thinks, but only for a second, as shortly after he feels the head of John's erection (wet and hot and
But Sherlock didn’t apologise. Instead he pressed a kiss to the top of his head. A long one. Until his lips weren’t touching him anymore and he was just inhaling him. It was a calming sensation. John relaxed. He almost fell asleep again before he opened his eyes with a sudden realisation that caught like a gasp in his throat.
"Mr Holmes," it broke out of John all of a sudden. He was awake again. In the here, in the now again. They quit their arguing to watch him as he came back to himself.
He must notice how John is only blushing more deeply. How? How did he say that out loud without noticing? How the bloody hell could he?
"So … Moriarty?" John asked roughly, attempting to draw his focus back to the main problem at hand. This one, highly important problem.
"She was beautiful, with long legs and pale skin and dark, dark hair that floated in waves around her head. I can very well imagine why he chose her. They did not look unalike. For the first time, he exploited the body of a stranger in order to resurrect a soul foreign to it. And when I finally realised who he was trying to reawaken in the body of the dead woman, it shook me like nothing ever had before. He was trying to bring back his sister. Bring back Eurus Moriarty."
. You are good. You are so... courageous. You and your detective will keep London from falling. Of that I am certain."
"Why not?"
"Feared what?" John whispered.
"The ball you've mentioned. Do keep up."
"Hello, Sherlock."
A cold whiff of air was surrounding his whole form. In the span of a split second, his body slammed into the hard wood by a force that could have belonged to an animal. He took one last breath before all the air was sucked out of his lungs by the impact. A set of icy fingers and sharp nails was boring into his throat, pressing him into the wall, making his shoulders ache. He closed his eyes from the shock, trying not to fall into a state of panic at the intimidating presence of sharp claws around his neck, keeping him from breathing. The last time he had been forced to cling to the last shallow breaths and feel his heart dying, he had been bleeding out on the dirty battleground. As his eyes snapped open again, burying the memories, he was looking into the steel-like eyes of Irene Adler.
Irene straightened her back and stared right above everyone's heads into some invisible void. "I know him well. You must know that it was him who came to me, never the other way around. When I had my small business, I was the consultant and he was the client."
would be John looking annoyed. John saying
I felt his vapour cold around me.
Smiling, he hunts for his dressing gown and toothbrush. He showered last night, so he ought to hold for a day. With any luck, he’ll be home by then, in his own space.
“John.” She waits until he raises his head and looks at her. “Let’s say you never do get up the courage to tell him. Will you stop regretting it? I mean, you have a choice. The ring is still in your pocket. Ignore what people are expecting you to do. What I would be asking myself is this: Will I regret it more if I say it and he doesn’t want that? If I don’t say it, can I live with that?”
Those aren’t words of love, my boy. The business of her late father is failing. Mr Ruggles will use her annual income to pull it back from the brink of insolvency.”
“We could be.” I don’t know why I said this. “And so,
He chews the grape. “Wha’ for?”
“It was murder— not suicide,” Sherlock is saying. “Come on, where’s the suitcase?”
I remember seeing him there, as if we were on a road, the distance between us growing wider. Mist surrounded him, his pale form illuminated by some unseen light, like a haloed saint in a painting.
(as she refers to Sherlock’s serious lapse of judgement that nearly cost John his life), and he remembers the case, can name the suspect they were chasing. He remembers what he had for breakfast that day (eggs and toast, as always, with orange marmalade), and what he was wearing (navy jumper, plaid shirt, blue jeans). His memory fails him when he tries to remember getting hit on the head. It’s fascinating to see where his recall ends, shortly before the actual injury, while the events of the chase were presumably still in short-term memory, ready to be knocked out by a well-aimed pipe.
“All right, let’s not panic. She knows how to use transit, and I assume she has a bit of money. What about a phone?”
“Very good, sir,” the man says.
“Take me home, Sherlock.”
“Lovely to meet you,” she says, extending a manicured hand. “And this is my agent, David Spaulding. I’ve had my first book published, did I tell you?”
I poured more wine in his glass and put another slice of roast beef on his plate. “To avoid exposing you to unnecessary risks. Moriarty would have killed you on sight. I could not let that happen. I was his target, and it would have made no sense for you to lose your life just for getting in the way. At any rate, there’s no point in discussing what might have happened if we’d done something differently. We can draw no useful conclusions from that line of thought.”
“The patches. I just wondered if you quit recently.”
Maybe Holmes is a sociopath. Not the kind that cuts you open and leaves you bleeding in the alley behind the gay bar, but the kind that cuts you open metaphorically and laughs, saying it’s just a paper cut.
home. I just couldn’t imagine living somewhere else.”
He’s the last one into the room, which is awkward. The chairs are arranged in rows. Slipping into a chair in the back, he realises that introductions are taking place. All men, most of them mid-thirties to forties, all casually dressed, a variety of body-types. None of them
How is he going to find a boyfriend, have a relationship with a man if he’s too stupidly shy to say what he wants? Maybe he can develop an alter-ego, like a superhero. At night he’ll cruise as a gay man; during the day he’ll be straight. Well, no. That might work for anonymous encounters in the loo, but if he wants
“There is something I should tell you,” he said. “I’m sorry I didn’t say anything before, but I thought I had misunderstood.”
) is skilled in manipulation, brilliantly irritating (as he is brilliant at nearly everything else he attempts), and immune to all Watson’s little barbs. His plan all along had been to glue himself to Watson’s side, and now Watson has glued himself there. Whatever happens when they arrive, he will deserve it.
“This is going to take longer than you think, brother mine. He will move on. Best to forget him.”
“I’m fine. You’ll be home tomorrow night. Fine.”
John is confused. He’s forgotten that it’s Sherlock making tea for him. Doctor Gurung warned him about memory issues. John has forgotten that he’s living with Sherlock. Maybe he thinks it’s his mum making his tea for him. Maybe he doesn’t remember his own name. When was the last time Sherlock asked him?
“Look, I get it,” he said. “These two characters have evolved over several years now. In the first series, they were wary of each other, maybe a bit resentful. That began to thaw towards the end of the first year, and in the second series they built up some trust. Now I think it’s clear that they respect one another, and realise that their relationship is more than just professional. They’ve shared personal stuff, and that has brought them closer. If some fans want to interpret that as romantic… tension… Well, Sherlock and I don’t write the stories. We just follow the script.”
“Never? Oh, neither have I.”
“I didn’t feel… anything for him. He was a boy who had an unfortunate life. Abusive mother, a jealous sister, a manager who didn’t look out for him. It’s a tragedy without any meaning. As I say, audiences prefer comedy. If there must be an unhappy ending, it has to mean something.”
* Racial terms are those that were in current use during the late 19th century.
“Oh, so it’s my fault?”
“He doesn’t.”
“There is something you can do,” Mary says. “If you could come home, just for a few days, she might be willing to talk. She’s been difficult, so don’t expect much from her. I think she’s still hurt that you left.”
I still lacked the scientific proof I sought. None of the ghosts I had met could explain to me what death was. Most were non-verbal, and the few who could verbalise, like John, seemed interested only in life. Some believed they were still alive, which complicated their ephemeral existence, as well as the lives of the people they haunted. But in the laboratory, I found no proof of death as anything other than the cessation of processes that we call life. Defining something by what it is
The following afternoon we had just settled ourselves for tea when the bell rang. I heard Mrs Hudson open the door and a female voice speaking below.
“Of course. You?”
And he’ll never do surgery again. That’s not what his own surgeons told him after they attempted to reassemble his shoulder, but he’s seen the images, before and after surgery. He knows. They were encouraging, reminding him of how much good physiotherapy can do, how important it is to keep a positive attitude while healing. The therapist said the same thing.
We wait two weeks before Sherlock feels he’s ready for the publicity. Until then, he refuses to leave the flat. Most days he sits and watches the telly, falling asleep without really paying any attention. I make him toast and eggs when he’ll eat them, and always keep a hot cup of tea nearby, where he can reach it.
. These are the problems humans are meant to work out. All the other problems—
“You eventually caught him, I presume.”
“Of course it’s about sex.” I caressed the lovely prick. “As I said: for me, this is poetry—”
“You know someone who talked.”
“Dead,” finished Lestrade. “Shot dead in his study. Your boy was fleeing the premises.”
"You are being expected," he added.
"Dr Watson, there you are. There is a hansom waiting outside."
Sherlock took his hand and held it there between them.
"Shut up, Sherlock!"
"NO!" Moriarty's cry at the sight of his Sebastian inherited the pain of a whole lifetime, a little boy's hurt soul who always had to hold it all back. In that moment, Eurus's sharp nails struck across his face. He stumbled backwards, and Eurus grabbed his gun. A shot fell and Sherlock's eyes widened.
, was all John could think, but could not comprehend.
." Out of his mouth it sounded like the word had personally offended him. "She's not home therefore."
"What kind of offer would you like me to make you?"
Sherlock was sitting before him, and he briefly wondered if he was really there. It could be a perfect illusion, like the one he now distantly remembered from his dream. Had he spoken to him? He could have sworn to have heard that rumble, that gentle voice of a wild beast with orchestral tendencies.
"So." John clears his throat after a few minutes, being cautious with him as he would when trying to gain the trust of a little puppy. He is more than used to his boyfriend’s mood swings by now, but sometimes he still struggles with getting to the bottom of why they are happening. "You… thinking about the case?"
and shattering glass, it landed at their feet. The spiders had broken through. Now the big, black flock crawled down the sides of the house, jumping now, jumping down, covering the grass and the bushes and almost John and Sherlock along with them. Sherlock had reached for John's hand again, and now it was John's turn to shout,
Sherlock jumped up and rose to his full height again. Just as John thought he would just run off to Lestrade immediately, he felt a hand on his shoulder. Sherlock helped him to get off the ground and suddenly they were standing too close again.
"But have you ever..." she started anew.
"For holding yourself back from asking that exact question for over eight hours and twenty-five minutes now," he explained, referring to their little hour under the moonlight.
John's luggage did mostly consist of weapons he technically wasn't even allowed to own anymore, (but he did have some connections to people who were capable of concealing a little) and, of course, his medical bag. He was, after all, still a doctor, even if right now he definitely looked like someone who caused terror and flesh wounds himself. He felt like a broken soldier.
She looked hurt. John wished he could have told her, but then again, this wouldn't have been fair. He watched Sherlock’s mouth open and close again as he began to form what looked like it could have the potential to be an apology.
"Someone like Sherlock Holmes," she continued as she came closer, "doesn't just disappear and get himself killed. We could've known better than that."
John laughed disapprovingly. "Oh no. This whole mess is
the news. And whatever is in the news, the people will believe.”
"James Moriarty," he started, as if he did not already have everyone's full attention. "During the last several months it has become more and more apparent to each of us that he is more than meets the eye. But now most recent investigations have revealed..."
"I don't-"
John wanted to put a hand on his pistol, but he refused to give in to the urge as he watched and waited for her to reach Sherlock and face him. She was the one who helped him escape. Who first plotted with Sherlock Holmes against Moriarty. Beneath whose walls it had all begun for him.
Sherlock's rumble turned his whole world around. "I see..."
It didn't exactly work.
"You are no one to be threatened, is that not so? For it would never work."
"Do you like to see the sky burn?"
It made him wonder how he could not have heard it. He had the keen ears of a knight. Not waking from a noise at night could easily mean death for a troop.
Cursing silently under his breath, he eventually followed. What other choice did he have? He didn't think twice about Magnussen. As a doctor, he should feel an obligation to at least check on him. At this point, he was a helpless pawn in Moriarty's long game, and one of many. But as far as he knew, Magnussen's wealth and obsession with power over innocent lives was why James Moriarty's name had blown up to what it was now.
Sherlock furrowed his brows. "What about it?"
." He just remembered. "I have to get back to The Professor and-"
"Prevent those murders, you mean?"
Sherlock studied his back profile. The bowler hat covered most of John’s sandy grey hair but his silhouette remained the same. Steady, a strong rock in the waters. The way he held himself spoke of military experience but also of so much more. It told whole stories about the weight on his shoulders and the paths he chose to take. The mistakes he thought to have made and the strength to keep on the same path and walk through the pain against it all. Looking up, the sky was all colourless and cloudy, but there was light, always light trying to break through. Sighing, Sherlock took out his pocket watch to check the time.
"But what for?" John put his cup down before he could spill the tea and burn his lap. "What on earth would Moriarty need an army of cyborg soldiers for? What war is there for him that he is trying to win?"
He wants to tear out every single hair on his head out of frustration and the thought of
John’s eyes drop, and his breath is ragged, but Sherlock suspects this time it’s for entirely different reasons than anger. He doesn’t know who gives in first, and frankly, he doesn’t give one fuck about it because the next thing he knows is that John’s lips are on his and it feels like he’s dying and being reborn in one single breath.
was wearing a light grey, three-piece suit, his black leather gloves holding a cane with a golden tiger head. The slicked back hair was extremely dark against his skin, and the pair of hazelnut eyes was watching John far too keenly for his liking. There was something in them that spoke of more than just confidence and John could not be sure he wanted to find out what would make something in them snap and the man
Before he could express that this was exactly what worried him, he was already doing what she said. On the ceiling was some sort of lid that he pushed aside, and then he narrowed his eyes expecting to be blinded by sudden daylight. But there was no daylight. Instead, it was another set of stonily walls and floor and ceiling. John climbed out of his hole from the underground and his ears were filled with a terrifying sound. The sound of sharp heels echoing from the walls.
mistakes all the time.
"Ah, you must know her already, I presume?" Sherlock asked in an unimpressed manner and turned towards John.
"So very far from 'settled'," John heard Lestrade mumble next to him, but Sherlock either didn't hear or ignored it as he took out what appeared to be a huge map, all yellowed and dusty. He spread it out on the big table in the middle of the room, and everyone, curious as such groups were, gathered around it and watched as he blew off the dust. Lestrade coughed a little, which seemed ironic, considering he apparently smoked cigars, and Sherlock ordered two people (Wiggins and that awkward looking fellow) to hold down the ends for it to not roll up again. It turned out to be a map of the City of London.
John frowned and shook his head a little. Was that really the same Sherlock Holmes they were talking about? He doubted they were many others out there, but the descriptions of his brother barely sounded plausible to him.
"And last but not least we've got our Inspector Lestrade."
Sherlock neither took his eyes off her (oh, the twinge returned), nor did he move at all as her hand brushed his face and her lips pressed a peck to his cheek. "Glad to have you back in the game, Sherl," she whispered, and her voice had never sounded so lovely. John found himself liking her less than ever before.
John was the first to look away again, and he forced himself to focus on his food. "This does make you a little bit human, you know?" he said, trying to make it sound incidental, while shoving some pasta around on his plate.
Sherlock's mouth fell agape. "What?"
John was watching the whole scene, reduced to silence. He felt a little ridiculous now, about his half-hearted anger from before. People like Lestrade deserved to be hurt much more than he did. Hurt by Sherlock Holmes. It made him feel empathetic and maybe a bit naive for thinking Sherlock wouldn't do this to anyone. But at the same time, he had to admit that he wasn't surprised at all. He could imagine him doing all of this very well. Going undercover, pretending to be dead. Or even actually
They all took a collective gulp. The lump that had gotten stuck in his throat hurt, but John's head hurt more. He ignored both. He had felt, of course, that there was something wrong with that person formally known to them as Janine, but to this extent … There were simply no words to express this feeling, this hard inner shudder of coldness.
He looks like he was planning to eat him alive. A small part buried deep in the back of his head jumps very delighted at this thought. He tries to ignore this. Hard.
John might not see his tears yet. Good. He shouldn't worry. He could use his time much better by saying it again. Sherlock must hear it again. He must.
Lestrade did not look happy either. "I will be right beside you then." He took out a pair of handcuffs.
Sherlock slid back into his old, controlled self, and in a heartbeat his intense presence became his absence.
– where they would seek them out and be lucky to find them?"
"Lestrade, I want the whole building under surveillance. Get as many men and women in and around there as you can."
"Yes, he does that. But damn it! Bloody hell, Holmes!"
There was no desire to toast to anything in Sherlock. John looked over his shoulder to watch him for a minute before his eyes fell back upon his own hand holding the glass. He felt as though a whole yesterday was in that glass and he was just outside of it.
John knew he was playing dirty here. But curiosity grew over nicety, and he simply needed to know how big the figure was that Moriarty cut. How major a name he had made in this town and how big a range it was that his reputation reigned over. How heavily it pushed those down who were not scared enough of his powers. Whatever these powers would be, John had no idea.
There could not have been much time for him to look for a hiding place, and the yard was too big to not see a man fleeing. Instinctively, his body carried him on stealthy feet, and soon he was cornering the dark green bushes between the buildings.
"I tried my best to forget. Years passed. But as a series of strange and seemingly unsolvable murders overcame London, I was no longer willing to ignore. If I had the time to build something of a career in my field of expertise, I could be certain Moriarty had done the same. I informed Lestrade, got together a small team of people he trusted, and then... Well, you know what happened next. After all, I knew better than all of them what the man is capable of. It did not take me long to say with certainty that what Moriarty was doing involved many human sacrifices. He was building an army."
"Come in, Dr Watson, the kettle's just boiled."
, John thought with a grimace. Despite all of this, despite the charming manipulations, the manners of an obnoxious know-it-all, the doubtfulness of lie and truth, the madness and danger of it all ... He was already starting to like him.
Sherlock, having quickly followed John’s gaze and, apparently, thoughts, answered his question. "Tom is a boy for legwork," he said, matter-of-factly as if he would not talk about an individual person. "He is very good at spying and not as good at thinking. I've also heard he makes quite an excellent meat pie."
"Apparently I am."
Having stuffed more food into his mouth already, John tilted his head in question. Of course he had expected Sherlock to tell him of his plans today, but he had rather thought (or hoped) that they would involve the both of them. Not only him alone, to function as his footboy.
More glass was breaking as a group of vampyres came jumping through the window.
"Sherlock Holmes, I cannot believe you."
Shortly after, Ms Adler was joining them on the stage, placing herself next to James Moriarty. She was smiling proudly, a living trophy being shown off, and she was now dressed in a white dressed, claiming innocence where there was none and grace where there was too much of it.
"This was the most ridiculous thing … that I have ever done."
"You're very confident in your abilities, I see. Well, John Watson," she slowly wandered around him as if to measure him up and render her verdict about this or that. It only made John twitch uncomfortably. Why was she so intimidating?
Lestrade did not look innocent enough to pull off a shrug.
Sherlock chipped in, but both of them kept talking. "You work at The Prof?"
But in a way, he has something in common with Moriarty, although his stomach aches for thinking this. He had searched for a distraction. Always. Life bored him, people bored him, why couldn't he be ordinary? Why did there have to be someone telling him he was brilliant, the little bit of extra in the ordinary? Not boring him. Tearing him to pieces.
"Keep your eyes fixed on me," John repeated but his voice broke. He huffed a laugh and another one but he still cried. Cried so hard and ugly, sobbing and laughing at himself for feeling so lost when he was holding
He breathed out.
John was looking. His eyes had locked with Sherlock's. He was looking back, boring his eyes through him softly and with unintended curiosity that was glued to John's words. He really cared about what John thought of him, didn't he? In a way, that was already the greatest praise.
when he breaks a kiss, calls him
Sherlock has to close his eyes, hoping the lack of one of his senses will help him breathe again, but now he becomes aware of how close they are and how warm and tender the touch of John's nose and forehead feels and how nice he smells, cheap soap and pheromones – something so utterly masculine, so unmistakably dangerous and familiar because it is all John – and how tempting it is to just rub his cheek against the soft strands of hair that are currently tickling the skin above his brow.
He turned to leave. Anthea walked past him to hold the door open. With his back turned towards them, he looked over his shoulder one last time.
"It's more than sexual intercourse, isn't it?" Sherlock asks innocently, carefully, as he is trying to distance himself from the overwhelming sentiment with dry terms.
John tilted his head in bewilderment. Could it be that his apparent partner in crime was overestimating himself? Was it really wise to trust him as much as he had asked of him? For all he knew about him, he could as well be a liar or a criminal mastermind himself, which would make John an accomplice about to help this cyborg escape and do God-knows-what evil he was capable of.
John gave a sharp nod and tried to finally forget the people around him. They really were in a corner here. Even those not engaged in tipsy talk wouldn't have heard anything. Sherlock looked at him with a slightly open-mouthed smile, eyes sparkling as if John had said something brilliant. Being eyed like this should have felt intimating, inappropriate, but right here with him it was thrilling, it was praise.
The sounds were familiar and yet different. Laughter, the buzz of dozens of voices speaking at the same time, resembling the gentle hum of a bee swarm. Somewhere someone dropped a glass of champagne and it shattered on the tiles.
They weren't alone.
"Pause," he says, quieter because he is speaking to Rosie now.
John thought (for only a second) of making a joke about how Sherlock could give him his mouth as well, and that he would probably go mad without it, but then he thought of his own fingers touching those soft, pink lips and suddenly the joke wasn't funny anymore.
Sherlock had his hand stretched out for him to take the scalpel. So he did. He took it and he brought it to his temple. It was so sharp that it ripped the fake skin just from the touch. John swallowed past the lump in his throat.
Mycroft avoided his eyes. It was difficult. Those blue eyes were not the same of his innocent baby brother. And yet ... "I want you to be happy. I know that you are worried that losing him will hurt you too much to bear it. But I want you to try to keep him. Be better than myself."
instead.
One woman in particular was gaping and seemed to be in some sort of shock once she had lain eyes on who had entered. She had gingerbread-coloured hair that was braided and curled into two buns on each side of her head, and her cheeks were oh-so-slightly pink in contrast to her pale skin. John also didn't miss the holster on her belt and the little revolver it carried.
. John closed his eyes, remembering. The pale, sick skin behind the wall of water, the red light, the sleeping face of a conserved human shell.
Once more, he turned to John. "And you're certain you're alright?"
"It is a great honour to be here tonight. Now before I give it away for our next act, I just want to ask one question."
"Amongst other things. There is a lot more of the supernatural around us than the bare eye would recognise as such."
"I am sorry you think so."
"Oh, that is a shame. Perhaps
Wiggins drove off in the cab, and John found himself standing in front of that door again. The green door with the golden letters. Before he could tell himself this was a plan not quite thought through, that he could have asked himself how he would get in once he got here
Mycroft raised his chin. "What about Her Majesty?"
. But when I had to leave you behind..."
The with sweat glistening hair tickles his forehead when John brushes a curl out of his face with the back of his hand. "Although it was quite hard. With you being just … Wow, Sherlock. You're so intense, you're beautiful."
Every time he tries to remember anything at all that could have happened during the time span between the night in the alley and his waking with John's soft lips on his own, the torn pieces in his mind slip out of his grip, and it feels like he would be trying to hold together melting ice cubes with his sheer hands, but solid coldness only melts and melts and the water runs, runs, and leaves behind wet hands, but nothing more to hold onto.
"Serving you breakfast, so you won't starve eventually. Aren't you the observant one of us?" John says, meaning this right here and right now, as if everything about this belonged to a typical morning routine of them. Incredible.
He looked around. He was sure he would have seen it when he had entered the room earlier. Well, that was certainly odd. His tiny glimmer of hope sparked up at this. He picked up the note to read. There were no more than two lines written on it.
in that jar?!
Irene chuckled under her breath. That was the warmest and most honest interaction the two of them had ever shared. They resumed their walk through the long tunnel until the sharks were out of sight and the shadows grew darker again. She led him to a ladder on a near wall.
A door flew open on the other side of the room.
"Execution," she said plainly, and there was no way this statement could be regarded acceptable while she was looking at him all languidly and a bit joyous.
human and emotional he really is. Lies to lies, details to details.
"But you already knew that."
"No."
"We have to go."
"Oh, is it? How so?"
. I would have done it ages ago."
John was unaware. He didn't hear the rustling and slow breaths, he didn't see the shadows moving. He saw the world through a tunnel of overeager triumph as he raised his hand, fingers about to close around the neck of the flask.
Molly noticed this as well. "You like him," she said.
Him in the armchair is the last thing he has wanted to see. It's almost too much. Listening to Sherlock wishing him
Suddenly there is a hand closing around his cock, and he almost breaks in two as he arches his back to push into it, get more of the sweet friction around his throbbing erection. John licks one long stripe up his crack and gives his cock a quick stroke. Sherlock almost comes on the spot. His fingers start to cramp from holding onto the bedsheets for dear life. Then the sensation vanishes. Sherlock tries to reach for his own cock out of utter desperation now, but John is faster and holds him back by taking both his hands to interlace them with his own and press Sherlock's palms to the mattress. His heartbeat - he hasn't realised it's going like crazy,
As she clarified, John saw red flags waving in his head. Why was Mrs Hudson so calm about this? Didn't she suspect anything bad to emerge from this?
In that moment, the vamp swung his gun and crashed it against his temple. John fell from the blow and the pain. His head felt like it had met a brick wall, blood pumping through it like shock waves. Before he could open his eyes, the hard sole of a black boot was pressed against his throat. It stank of death and leather. The muzzle of a rifle hit the bridge of his nose and John braced for the impact of metal breaking his skull.
Carefully but decisively Rosie is pressed against Sherlock’s chest, whose instinctive reaction it is to hold her to him and keep her safe. But he still only blinks back at John with insecurity behind his eyes. This is why he used to be more careful. So that he wouldn’t fuck this up again.
For a moment, John thought he might remove his skin again. Not entirely wrong. Sherlock's fingers pressed into the space between his left eye and the orbital rim, deeper and deeper, until the tip of his fingers had fully disappeared behind the eye. John shuddered all over but he could not look away as the eye just ...
So here we are then, at the end of this little story. Well, when I say little... I have never intended for this to get so long (or even mulit-chaptered, back when I planned it) but what can I say? This is what becomes of my stories when I don't really plan them through. That said, I have most certainly never expected to get so much love and feedback on this. I just want to thank all of you for reading, commenting, leaving kudos... Writing this was a pleasure (but took me a while at times), and I'm kinda proud it has a proper ending now, and that I could tie the story up a bit in the way I wanted to.
to what I have to tell you!"
way is already too much to bear in thought. He needs a break.
Sherlock held up another test tube and tilted it back and forth for John to look at it. "The darkness indicates it's venous blood and the thickness of it certainly comes from the high levels of iron. They are bloodsuckers, so it is only logical that those levels would be higher, but their bodies also use it up enormously quick, providing them with energy. When oxygen is transported to the cells, the colour of the blood darkens. Iron explains where the red colour is coming from, but blue would be needed to create purple, and I … I haven't found out yet what that could be. Some animal's blood contains haemocyanin, which means it contains copper, but I just can't think of-"
Reluctantly, Anderson got up to take a leave. On his way out, he nearly bumped into a lanky figure, and Tom immediately apologised awkwardly, as he was.
The ball starts rolling and John is too intrigued to stop it. He will learn very soon what it means to get involved with Sherlock Holmes, as well as the consequences of choosing his side in a fight against James Moriarty and his accomplices. And Irene Adler turns out to be one of them, too.
And this is where they are now. Sherlock's skin still burning, hotter than ever before. On the bed, sideways and still fully clothed. (There's no way they can still be fully clothed!) Sherlock's hands tug at the fabric of John's shirt, but obviously it doesn't work that way. He can't think properly and logic isn't really a concern of his right now. John stops kissing him, but before he can complain about him stopping, his mouth is running along his jawline, kissing its way down, and Sherlock throws his head back. His fingers still for a moment, the maximum focus on the sensations of wet hot tongue on his neck, biting the skin now, the sparks of pain setting his whole body on fire. John bites down again, playful but harder this time, and Sherlock hears an embarrassingly loud groan that definitely came out of his own mouth (that is shamefully unoccupied) and every little bite, every time John sucks a bit of skin in between his lips (he'll mark him) he feels his rock-hard cock jump and throb.
But Lestrade interrupted, "Donovan, please remove Sherlock Holmes from the list of missing persons."
He looked over his shoulder to find Sherlock still there, waiting for him.
He can only register the sight in front of him with a dizzy haze in front of his eyes, and he slowly blinks after John got off him and now roughly adjusts himself in his jeans.
They took one step at a time, swaying over the floorboards.
The woman's name was Anthea. She was probably lying about that being her name. Every attempt to speak to her ended quickly. She had made it clear that he had no other choice but to follow her, and in a cab with black windows they drove off to another secret place. John's eyes hurt from the sudden hit of daylight once they had left the underground tunnels (which was where Anthea had found him). While walking through the tunnel system John had wondered if these were the same tunnels that were leading to the House of Parliament. Anthea had not answered this.
As did Mycroft's, in more than less pleasant of a surprise. "That is not a plan, it is madness."
Sherlock pointed at the group behind him. "These people are more of a family to me than you ever were. Except... maybe Anderson, but that's not the point." He shook his head.
He wants to see John naked, he wants it so badly. How often has he imagined what he would look like? His broad shoulders, his biceps, the fine hairs on his chest. Does he have pink nipples? His little tummy that fits him perfectly.
consulting detective, not to stimulate a bored brain. This isn't just about a case or the work. This is about his life, his own future. This isn't about him serving as a brain and brilliant mind that everyone can see (obviously - they are not
"No," Sherlock said as he pressed the full cup into his hand, mindful of letting him grab the handle, so he would not burn his skin.
Now he gave him this intense look again, captivating John with only his eyes. His hand grabbed his own left shoulder with a strong grip, and he started twisting it in a way that looked painful and inhuman. "Observe," he breathed. Something creaked and snapped underneath his hand, and before John knew what was happening, he had made the mistake of blinking once and now the arm of the man was where arms should never ever be and where they were not supposed to go without the shattering scream of their owners and tons of spurting blood.
"He did this to himself. I never wanted this to happen."
The ceilings within the building were high. The room in which they were asked to wait was clad in red wood and not much else. A man in uniform either guarded whatever lay behind the big double doors they were looking at or he was guarding them. After a good minute, one of the man's hands emerged from behind his back and closed around the door handle.
"I create inventions. Nothing the general folk would be interested in. Just my private little experiments. Hoping to find new ways to catch a criminal. It has a lot to do with chemistry, understanding the human body. In between I solved cases."
"What are you- Oh!" John felt his face heat up as he realised what he was still carrying with him, and fished Sherlock's eye out of his pocket.
John. So many times where I would have needed your saving arms around me. Catch me before I fall further. (Fall for you.) I was once so afraid of falling.
"Impatient little brother," Mycroft then declared in self-satisfaction. "There they are already."
I feel like I should talk to you more, tell you a bit more about what's happening. So, as you might have noticed, I'm struggling a little to bring this monster of a fic to an end. (I know it's not immensely long but it's not exactly short either.) Believe me, I've got it all planned out from here on. We're close. Does it feel like we're close? 'Cause I feel like it took me very long to set this story off and form a ground for the main plot, and yes, blabla I'm rambling. Just saying that this fanfiction has been with me for over one and a half years now and I've learned a lot from it and would change stuff if I started again now. Which I'm definitely not gonna do, ha..hah. Nope.
"Town. I need to fetch some stuff. I cannot tolerate walking around like this anymore," he pointed to his dirty, now also ripped, trousers and the shirt that had been white once, but was now covered in brown and red stains, "People might be rather dim, generally speaking, but some will get suspicious. Also, I believe there are squished berries in places where squished berries truly do not belong."
as he buries his face in the crook of his neck, calls him
John squeezed Sherlock's hand. "Am I going mad here or does it also seem to you..."
But she put a demonstrative hand against her holster. "I can handle myself, remember?"
Suddenly, Sherlock was rushing through the kitchen a bit too eagerly, putting aside a few tubes and glasses, and placing a beautiful white teacup and saucer on the bit of table he had just cleared of its messy anarchy. "I believe I could-" he started, still walking from left to right to make the space appear a little less cramped. "-perhaps clean up a bit."
He let out a long sigh, still shaken by the realism of his unsolicited dream. With one side of his face pressed against the cold glass, he watched rain drops running down the window, chasing each other.
"Did it work?"
"But he failed?"
"Molly, this is too-"
"What do you see?"
"I learned a lot of James Moriarty's personal history before he enslaved my mind to his liking. As I did of yours, my dear," Irene began and opened a large map of London on the table they were all seated around. Sherlock, standing, had his hands on his hips in silent judgement, though he did not interrupt her. It was obvious the two of them had history. He respected her, treated her differently than most.
? Also, was this the way they usually recruited new members?
Sherlock tapped with his foot on the floor to indicate his impatience. "Have you kept your clothes folded properly like I told you to?"
"So I have heard you took off somewhere, defending Queen and Country."
. And it is so much more than amazement that John expresses. It is something rooted so deeply in his heart, in his soul, it seems. Like something would've clicked. Like he stepped right into a whirling storm and could never be the same, and not even wanting to if he could, not minding, no regrets, and full of...
, "Doctor, take my hand!"
"The General will send airships to localise their position and send Knight Soldiers from above if they have to. Furthermore, they need as many men capable of holding a firearm on the ground as they can get. That includes all of the attendants in this room. Inspector, your work here is done."
And oh, wasn't that a new way to look at his future? Here he was, about to dress up to have dinner with Sherlock Holmes, and wasn’t that also quite something? Just as his life had the potential to be more than a string of nothingness that happened to him. The potential, in fact, to become an adventure. The potential to be
"Are you?"
The man in the big chair spoke to him and John's head snapped up instantly. He could not see him since what he was facing was just the chair's broad backrest. When neither he nor the chair made another move, John stepped forward and pulled back one of the less important-looking chairs on his side of the desk. That appeared to be pleasing enough, and the huge chair finally turned around slowly. A long man was now facing him, both his elbows on the armrests and his fingers steepled under his chin. One of his brows seemed to be ever so slightly raised by default, and his small eyes pierced through him in an intimidating way. His hawklike nose and pale face only emphasised everything the man probably wanted to emphasise.
"You really do think that about me?" he asked into the silence.
He grabbed Sherlock by the wrist and he swirled around, facing him eye to eye.
John couldn't believe this. What was Jane, the pretty dancer from Moriarty's club, doing down here, somewhere in the basement of Scotland Yard? She looked rather dressed for a fight instead of a show today.
Sherlock chuckles and places a kiss to his head. When he looks up again, his lips are wet with pre-cum. John feels his knees weaken just from looking at him for too long.
She came closer. His muscles tensed.
"Why are we- What are we doing?"
“Well, that huge coat of yours has to be good for
"Sherlock!"
They sat over two cups of tea and three books spread on the kitchen table. Sherlock made surprisingly good tea, but in retrospect that was hardly so surprising. He had not touched his own, as he could not actually drink it. He must have forgotten, as he did now and again. He explained to him the meaning of the energy that surrounded them, in the trees and plants and animals, and John was
"Ah, don't worry about me now! I am certain I will be seeing a lot more of him again, bringing him his morning tea and cleaning up behind him," she said, but there was an unmistakable grin of relief and gratitude on her face. "I'm sure he has missed that. Oh, but the mess he makes sometimes!"
"Dr Watson, I must ask you again what you know of the disappearance of my brother. So far I have been nice and civil. Let me assure you that this can change in a blink, and then you will wish back the days of being captured against your will. Now," he closed his eyes for one second, two, and when he opened them again, the false smile returned. He sat down, took a sip from his expensive scotch. It seemed he had given his tension right over to John, who now sat straighter in his chair opposite him. "Tell me of how you met my brother. Your name has only come up recently. This doesn't usually happen. Sherlock did not have many associates. Believe me to know all of them."
. And getting over those internal fears eventually saved his life.
It took him a moment, but he nodded. His hand transformed to a gun, just as he had seen him do before. He stretched out his arm, aiming his weapon at... John's head!
"Don't stare," Sherlock said.
Apparently, that was all it took for the anxious man to hesitate. And oh, wasn't Sherlock Holmes a master of manipulation? After some stuttering and uttered insecurities, they were let past him.
"What?" John's voice was but a sleepy whisper. His mind began to put the syllables together and understand what Sherlock had said to him. And that he was indeed sitting on the couch table opposite him, legs crossed, studying his face like one would a valued painting. John felt slightly uncomfortable.
The only answer was a small nod. John drank his tea and waited. Keeping the conversation going was never an issue for them. They always found an interested party in the other to talk about anything that came to their minds, and even in their silence, there was comfort. It seemed only too ironic that now that there were so many words to be said none would come out. John depended on Sherlock's words, as always. But he would not find the first, so maybe John should help him.
"But you- you talked to and of her as if you were good friends!"
"Where are we going?" John asked.
"You are avoiding-"
Sherlock can turn around quickly enough to catch a glimpse of John winking at him, and he feels his knees weaken.
"Uh, are you going home as well?"
Molly had gone quiet, her mouth close to his ear as she finished the line.
"Say, Sherlock ... Have you brought some of your
They went to the reception and Anthea started to talk with the man on the other side of the desk in sign language. Once they were allowed to go to the next room, John became nervous. He had fought it for the entirety of their trip, but it took more and more out of him to ignore it now. Who would await him in that room? Another madman? James Moriarty himself? This whole arrangement was just what he would do. Leaving John in the dark, giving him the soft layer of hope at having made it out, only to crush it after a long hour of suspense.
? When were you ever there when I needed you?"
He closes his eyes once, and blinks them open again. It wakes them both up from a dream that never was.
"I got shot." A lie he would have to live with for now.
"Dr Watson! I really wouldn't have bargained for you to be back quite so early. And with such good results as well!"
"Sherlock-"
John huffed a laugh, but no amusement went into it.
He swallows them down and hides them deep inside his mindpalace, in a room he'll hopefully never open. It hurts to lie to John, lie to himself. Tonight, everything seems to hurt. As if the stars did break his shield down, as if the ash of dying meteors had flown by to destroy an unbreakable fassade, until Sherlock Holmes is stripped down and ripped open. He shakes his head. Don't. Be. Ridiculous.
Lestrade gave an unhappy but defeated sigh, probably realising that, perhaps, for now, he had to swallow his own pride, along with his own emotional priorities, unanswered questions and the strange bitterness of it all. So they soon all found themselves walking down an empty hallway, he and Donovan taking the lead, Sherlock and John following a few steps behind.
It was utterly dark outside by now. Fullmoon was one of the only sources of light that was illuminating the room now, and John was so confused. He had no idea what the time was, but if he didn't want to fall asleep in the clinic again he should probably go home soon. Sooner or later he would have to quit his job at the clinic anyway, but he had the feeling that his new job at The Professor was not one to keep for too long. After all, they were planning to operate against his new employer.
Sherlock took John by the hand and led him through the crowd.
"Good," he whispered, keeping him close. Like a hostage.
John tried to ignore the thought of Mary talking about him behind his back and simply nodded, "Former knight captain, yes," and was meanwhile lying a hand on top of the one of Mrs Hudson's that still caressed his other.
"You're alive!"
But he left James Sholto’s strong hands that tried to hold him closer. Instead he began to run. Run to where the shot had fallen, the figure had fallen in the distance. There was only sand to fight through. His biggest enemy, clinging to his weak limbs and soaking up the blood, soaking it all up. He wobbled through the sound of fired weapons around him,
"How can the right thing feel so wrong? Make you feel like you are fighting for something that is long lost before it can ever be won? That whatever there is left to be won now is not worth any of it at all?"
"I also never
What the hell is just happening?
"I watched him being arrested and taken away to never be seen again. There were rumours that he was to be taken to an asylum on an island far from London, but I did not want to hear of it. I was prepared to leave everything of this event behind me after the funeral. Only one thing never sat right with me. He had kept everything of Victor. Everything but his heart. I could never understand why he would take it out when it was the one organ keeping the body alive."
But deep down he knew that he has always been so much more. He used to hate it. Hated that his body wasn't just transport, as much as he wanted to tell himself so. He still had cravings, still needed some kind of recognition. In the end, it didn't even matter what kind of recognition, or if he only stood out through a bright mind and a sharp tongue. And then, of course, there were the drugs...
"Alright, first things first." John was a practical man. "You know my name. You still haven't made yours known to me. Who are you? Why is he... using you?"
"Well, maybe because you were dressed like a cab driver and kidnapped me to a murder case?!"
But his face. His smile of astonishment, of disbelief. His eyes that are darker tonight, darker from black pupils blown over the circles of navy blue. John looks at him as if it they knew each other since forever and would only now see each other for the first time, and as if what he fell in love with would reflect on what he sees just there. It happened all before. The long stares, the ever so overwhelming wonder. Why is he still surprised?
He suddenly felt a strong urge to talk to her. Just a simple conversation, silly stories with cups of tea. If he could only tell her that he had met Sherlock Holmes now, he would tell her that she was right. That he was brilliant, that he had a funny odd head, that he had saved him. That he could be good.
John looked back in confusion. "Who hasn't heard-"
John knew about this briefly, of course, but he had always tried to ignore what was being played out behind closed curtains. Had always tried to tell himself
"Art? Do you really think now is the time to-"
A cough came from the table around which everyone had stood up to watch the scene.
The lift gave a slight jolt before it came to a halt, and the grid was shoved to the side. Lestrade was the first to walk out and into the darkness, which immediately swallowed him. Sally Donovan followed. There wasn't much to see except for the first metres of stone-flagged walls and blackness. Sherlock took his first steps and turned his head to look over his shoulder. He gave John a look he would in fact have described as cocky, all half-smile and one brow raised. It was a look that carried an unspoken challenge with it.
She was still smiling. Sherlock stayed quiet.
. Sherlock's head can't make sense of much anymore, so it comes as a surprise when there is a pair of lips trailing the burning skin down his chest, down his stomach. He arches his back off the bed, silently whimpering, and even more silently hiding a plea behind it.
“Both of you might have been there; Watson was caught, but you could have escaped,” Lestrade said. “While we were taking Watson in and interrogating him, you might have come home and put the guns in their places.”
“Statistically, there are any number of individuals who could be well-matched with a given person. If you consider age, personality type, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, there are probably dozens of men in London who would…” He stops. “I’m not being helpful, am I?”
“So,” says Sherlock. “We’re back to
“I’m near falling asleep,” he protested. “If you’re thinking about getting off, you’d better hurry before I’m unconscious.”
“There are other vices less expensive and more pleasant.” I lit my cigar and blew out a cloud of smoke.
“You’re gay.”
“This is a matter of great delicacy.” Von Kramm frowned, his eyes still on Watson, who did not seem at all cowed by him, but remained standing, almost defiantly courteous.
don’t have amnesia, Holmes. You told me we were married on Halloween, went on a sex holiday to Greece. I wish I could remember it all, but I have to believe my husband when he says we’ve been married since then. I know my husband wouldn’t lie to me.”
I was horrified. First, that he would dare to harm a book belonging to our teacher, and second, that anyone would treat a book like that.
“No.” My eyes prickle with tears. “Sorry. I can’t.”
The authoritative woman with the half-glasses handed me a small piece of paper with a phone number written on it. “We tried reaching her mother. She doesn’t answer.”
“Yeah, I guess. There was a year or so when I dated women and actually thought about getting married, but then I realised I was deluding myself. That’s when I joined the army.”
“Better a nobody than someone with an established career.”
But now, seeing it with the eyes of someone who doesn’t live here, he realises. Not a single person has visited him here besides Sherlock. It’s not a home. It’s just a place to eat and sleep and keep his stuff. He’s never felt glad coming into these rooms. He’s never looked forward to arriving home, the comfort of a familiar place. Sherlock is right. It’s dystopian. It’s awful.
“Does it provoke you?” he whispered.
And nights bright days when dreams do show me thee.’
Removing her gloves, she turned her attention on him. “Charming.” Taking his face in her hands, she said, “A face like this, one might be willing to die for. Or more likely, go to jail for.” She patted his cheek, turned and smiled at me. “This morning I married Godfrey Norton at the Church of St Monica. We intend to live in New York and do not plan to return.”
This speech left me once again gaping like a fish. “But— why?”
"Holmes, are you ill?”
“I didn’t know, but should have guessed, had I thought about it. Look, if you can do these two things for me, find Jason Bradford, tell me who Richard Brook is— I’ll get you tickets to a very exclusive event.”
“John, there are things I should say,” he begins. And then he’s not at all sure where to begin. “I’m sorry, truly sorry.”
“John.”
He nods. “I thought it would be better to make you leave rather than waiting for that to happen again. I was angry, but not at you. At myself, for caring about you. I was afraid of losing you, but it felt inevitable.”
Sherlock stared after him as the two cops took him away.
So many mistakes. He was deducing things without being asked, even before he had completely sussed out the man. Lestrade had warned him about that. The man was ill-at-ease, uncomfortable, and felt like he was being judged.
“John Hartman was their first drummer,” John says. “Then there was Michael Hossack—“
“There are things… I’d be giving up. A normal life… a marriage, maybe children. She saved me, and I might owe her something for that. If I hadn’t met her, there’s a good chance I might have…” He falls silent again.
“I’ll talk to her,” Irene said briskly. “No worries. You’ll get a message from me tomorrow letting you know when our next read-through will be.”
I made my silent way into the hall and regarded the grand stairway leading to the first floor. I knew that there was another set of stairs in the back of the house, going up from the kitchen. If any of the servants were coming down to check on something, they would use those stairs, so I crept back towards the kitchen and listened there as well. It was then that I heard a footsteps upstairs, probably on the landing.
“It was suggested to a few boys by one of the history teachers. The idea took off.”
He knows that couples fight. A relationship involves compromise and negotiation; where feelings are involved, it can become heated. There was nothing violent about Sherlock’s behaviour yesterday; John, though stubborn, is also contrite. He hates having Sherlock angry with him. He wants to apologise, promise that he’ll never slight him again, that he’ll proudly introduce him as his boyfriend, the love of his life, to everyone they meet. But he asked for time, and Sherlock grudgingly granted it. John is the one who has issues, and he’d better get started on them soon.
”If I may ask, why are you here?” He tries to sound cold.
Here is what’s not easy to live with, that Sherlock is sometimes so deep inside his own mind that he doesn’t think to notify other people when he’s putting himself in danger. John can’t help reacting to this: he’s a caregiver, a doctor who has seen most of the ways people can be seriously injured, even when they’re not chasing criminals. He’s seen people die in freak accidents. Too many, enough for a lifetime. And he’s a soldier. His job is to protect people. To protect Sherlock.
“He’s not an idiot, Sherlock. You didn’t see him, after. He was broken. He stayed at Baker Street for a while, but then he moved into a horrible one-room flat where he barely had space to turn around. He was back at work then, because he needed money, but I don’t know how he managed.”
“Away? Where would they send me? And why?”
about getting stabbed in the gut and clonked on the head in the same moment. The vague reassurances do not reassure. John’s been through a lot, he tells himself, and is no doubt simply tired, his body rebuilding itself.
“I felt like an idiot,” John finally said. “He never actually… touched me. So I figured it wasn’t really abuse. From the beginning, he was critical of my acting, said he needed to work one-on-one with me to correct some of my mistakes. He always began these sessions by degrading me, telling me how disappointing I was, that my talent was minimal, but I had the look he wanted for the part so he was willing to take the time to teach me. He said I wasn’t working hard enough at it, that I was too stupid to understand what he wanted. At the same time, he made me feel grateful— he had chosen me, and was investing in me.”
. You said so.” John grins up at him, rises up on his toes to plant another kiss on that wary expression.
“You’re talented.” She smiled tearfully. “We all could see that. Martha used to say it all the time.
Mrs Hudson gives her approval and plants a kiss on my cheek, tells me to have a good time.
“Eventually, though—“ He sighed. "Holmes, I am not made like you. I mean, you may not have romantic feelings, but for me… That is…what I am trying to say is—“
“No idea. I was in a classy restaurant with my girlfriend sitting across from me, and I was trying to tell her I wanted to marry her. The waiter kept interrupting and when I looked up—“ He covers his face with his hands. “I didn’t know what to do.”
“He can share with Edwin,” my uncle suggested.
Sherlock buries his face in John’s chest and mumbles something that sounds like
“But your mother—“
on a gay person. It’s hard enough being gay without your partner, the person you trust, deciding that they’re not gay enough, or that you’re too gay, or that they really prefer… Well. Just… don’t do it.”
“What are you saying? They’re going to ship me? I mean Baz. They’re going to ship Baz.”
Fake Jason lunged for the object, and for a few moments they grappled, neither of them in a winning position until Alex broke away.
. Hm. Actually, I think this could be alliterative.
He approached and dropped his trousers for inspection.
), bones (
“You might have killed me.”
you write. I can't stand to hear you scratching away, and then you pause, looking perplexed, and then you resume scratching.
“Don’t take it too far,” he advised. “Hell hath no fury—“
, Sherlock.”
“I have absolutely no idea.” Holmes grins and claps his hands. “Oh, this one thinks he’s clever!”
“John is spending time with his
“You sure about that?”
Even if I had something to say, I’ve suddenly lost the energy to speak.
The trustees revised the course of study, and decided that new subjects should be taught, including science. One of the new teachers, Mr Hannigan, instructed us in zoology and botany. I was able to study the things that had always interested me most— plants, insects, the biology of living creatures.
He’s never thought of himself this way, but maybe that’s been his problem. He remembers the heady rush of dating, meeting someone new and imagining a future together. Now he thinks he knows what the problem was; he expected too much from women who seemed to provide what he was seeking. He’d done that with Mary, thinking that his doubts were just a normal part of the process. The chemistry was never there, and he thought he could create it by thinking himself into the relationship. And then, before he’d figured it out, they were parents, already drowning in responsibilities. The army was an escape from all that.
“I’m dating a man,” he says quickly, before he loses his courage. “I’m not sure
“You are a fool,” she said to me. “You risk everything, and I am no longer willing to be your insurance policy. You might have gone into a respectable profession, but I have given up on that. You and your brother will receive nothing when I die. The entire estate will go to your cousin Alistair.” She paused, letting this sink in. “Because you are my son, however, I will give you one chance. If you marry, I may relent. And I do not mean a sham marriage to some older widow. You must marry with the intention of producing an heir.”
interest me. And you weren’t merely coworkers, though I can’t make out exactly what you were.
But he hasn’t really done anything about men. He has friends, like Murray, who are married or have girlfriends. A few who are unattached, like him. Are they gay, too? He doesn’t know. Internally, he still panics when he thinks about going to a gay bar and trying to pull men. He’s spent so long denying it that he has never learned how it works, socially. He can’t even say the words,
“Hi.” Messy dark hair, light eyes, tall and lanky. A bit like Sherlock, but not. “How do you feel?” He’s holding an empty syringe.
He liked Martha, who had treated all of her young costars like adults, never lording her experience over them or giving them advice. She might play grandmothers now, but she was still razor-sharp and a complete pro. Her career took off when she was cast in
I do not know, and will not guess, what trouble compelled you to fake your suicide. It gives me great sadness that you saw this as your only recourse, and I feel some guilt about that. What I am about to reveal may surprise you, but I owe you my honesty. Whatever you may feel about what I have to say, that is your business. There is no need for you to respond.
“So, someone has been murdering people chosen at random, in random ways, and painting a random sign near their bodies. Why?”
Sherlock is a man who lives in his own head, thinking about things that John can’t easily imagine. While this and other things (small explosions in the kitchen, mysterious containers in the fridge John has learned not to open, and late night violin concerts) might make Sherlock a terrible, inconsiderate flatmate, John finds himself too fascinated with the man to care. It’s an interesting life, occasionally a dangerous life, and it’s his life now. He doesn’t miss the peace and quiet.
“Hello, love. Did I catch you at a bad time?”
“You’ve come close,” Moriarty says, strolling out of the darkness. “But you still don’t understand, do you?”
At first light, they’re at the scene with Mason and his men, looking for evidence. Watson is tired, having slept fitfully, but Holmes seems energised, completely focused and on point, even though he sat up all night, apparently thinking. Knowing his eyes aren’t going to catch anything that Holmes and the police miss, Watson stands off to the side, thinking about what comes next.
I had not yet found what I was looking for, though, and was willing to risk another moment of light. Just as I laid my hand upon a packet and read the name
“Ah. Did she give a reason?”
“Hush, John. Let me do some thinking before this
“Are you dating anyone yet?” she asks. “I know you can’t stand to be celibate.”
He wished he’d found a way to be close to John the way their characters were close. For four years, they played best friends on screen; when off the set, there was little contact between them. Sherlock made it clear to everyone that he preferred to be alone. For his part, John was nice to everyone and seemed to have no special interest in him. Sherlock never said anything. He never even said goodbye when it ended.
“He may be right,” John says.
After that, they heard a lot of jokes about cuddling. And cold feet. And octopuses.
“His last words to me were
He looked back at his body, still lying on the floor where he had left it, and seemed to understand.
“The problem?” I pressed.
“Stop taunting me. What do you want? A raise? What am I paying you, anyway?”
“I’m not going to kiss some random bloke just because you—“
“Of course I knew,” he said.
It’s something he’s had to get used to and generally ignores. But he always feels a little prick of annoyance and shame when it happens. He’s a judgmental person himself, but it’s mostly defensive when he calls Anderson an idiot or deduces how Sally spent last night. It’s childish, and he hates it, but ignoring it hasn’t been a solution either.
“I think better on an empty stomach.”
“You’ve been waiting for me,” I say.
John made an incoherent sound.
His second scene was when Alex first reappears and comes to see Mr Smith, his old science teacher. Originally, Molly was going to have him materialise, which involved special effects, but when it was decided that the performance would be live, she gave that up and had them meet at the school.
“Not for certain, though he was in the water when I arrived, and the boys swore they didn’t touch him. I observed a mark on his forehead, as if he’d hit it on the rocks.”
“Idiot.”
But it felt like a step backwards. Was he seriously going to consider playing an alien, after he’d spent years trying to make people forget his first role?
— the thing they haven’t yet defined.
Please note: There is some more discussion of John's "suicide" in this chapter, if that bothers you.
The maître d' shows him to the table when he explains to him that the person he’s meeting should already be here. As he limps after him, he spots his date.
Lestrade shakes his head. “I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
What had happened to the old governess, Miss Faucher, I never learned. I’d liked her, though she was stern. She spoke French, which my mother had taught me, and gave me interesting things to read. Quite often she lectured my cousins about what fate awaited idle children who refused to read their lessons. I did not care what my cousins thought of her or whether they failed to apply themselves and grew up to be ignorant and useless. Miss Faucher never scolded me, but did not hesitate to reprimand my cousins when they talked back to her. I suppose that explains why she left, but I do not know whether she made that decision herself, or if Aunt Kitty sent her away for bullying her
Now he understands better. It’s about being acceptable as you are, not having to hide your love for another person, not letting people assume you’re straight because
Mycroft picks up his umbrella and they step out onto the landing. As they descend the stairs, they hear Lestrade’s voice. “You’ve known me for ages. It’s about time you started calling me Greg.”
He knelt at my feet and lay his hand over my flies. “I haven’t taken all of them away, my dear.”
“He’s not like me, Holmes. I actually care about lives.”
The retrospective ended and the audience applauded. He could feel anticipation coming off of them in waves, an almost palpable force. There were children in the audience, but most of the seats were filled with women in their thirties, waiting to see their fantasies come to life. He hoped they would not be too disappointed.
"Good. Businessman. What kind of business?" John already despised him.
Some hours later, far too late into the night, another body quite literally falls down next to him. John wakes, blinking and surprised to find the world still veiled in darkness. But surprise fades so quickly once his body senses the heat of another person, once his ears register the deep and long sigh coming from the most beautiful voice that he has ever heard, and he closes his eyes again with a warm smile on his lips. Mere seconds later, a pair of long arms wraps around his body and Sherlock shifts closer until there is no more space left between them.
Why would he care?
He has never had him. Only ever a tiny bit, a tiny little something of a
"Really?"
Lestrade was just palming his face when they were sitting in his new office with handcuffs on.
So what now? You're so far gone, I'm gone on you. It shouldn't be so hard. And yet.
"Oh, in no time, if you're lucky enough!" He looked up to her almost instinctively.
"He looks much softer now than he always pretends to be, does he not?" she asked quietly, afraid of him not letting her. "Stripped of everything, what remains for all of us is only the core beneath the disguise. That's why it is frightening to be ourselves."
It was over. He couldn't fight it anymore, his arms burned from trying to hold the monster back. No one should ever be prepared to die, but he could.
"I knew we could achieve greatness, James and I," Sherlock continued.
John had never thought of himself as a contradictory being. Some had called him that, in the past, always a little taken aback by his choice to become a trained healer as well as a trained killer. But he was good at it. There had been a time where he had felt made for this. Being this man who was living his life on the battlefield, with nothing more than a pure survival instinct and the oath that he had sworn. Faithful in Adversity.
But now there was another persona making her way through John's thoughts, and, speaking of witchcraft, this was undeniably how they had met. Sherlock had not told anybody of those circumstances, and John was sure he had very good reasons not to do so. But it felt wrong to not at least leave a hint that there was something rather off with Irene Adler.
. Yes, of course. He almost forgot. How could he almost forget something that has once been the core of his very identity, the only thing he has been living for, the one thing that mattered?
"You remember the names of composers?"
"I'm going to knock now," the inspector warned them, and John could practically feel how Sherlock rolled his eyes as he let out an exasperated sigh.
"Oh, please forgive me my indiscretion. I didn't mean to startle you, my good doctor!"
"You could make me an offer," he said like the greedy shark that he was.
"You don't have to get involved for him, you know? Your walnut mind can't even comprehend what you are getting yourself into, John. Why throw your life away for Sherlock Holmes?"
He would be offended, usually. He's not a child anymore, after all. No one should feel the need to take care of him, fondle him. But somewhere in the back of his mind (the part that can still think clearly, but is giving a very tiny, quiet voice today and is told by every other part to just finally take a break and drown in the sensations) he knows how much he needs it. John's touch that burns every inch of skin that it comes into contact with. So many, so many inches...
"The chambers. That's what we all call it."
Women were standing on the stage, three of them all dressed very similarly to what Mary was wearing beneath her coat. As they came closer to the stage, John could finally make out what they were saying, or rather, snapping at each other.
"I did," he said, getting back to his feet. "And now you do, too. Lestrade!"
Sherlock is close to the edge of unconsciousness again. He feels how little warm bits of sunlight are touching the back of his neck like feathers, and the longer his mind stays in this half-awake state, the sharper his other senses seem to get when his eyes are closed. His ears register a sudden squeak and the absence of the swooshing noise he hadn't even notice was there before.
Sherlock swallows, and his throat is sandpaper, rough and uneven. John is making fun of him now? No, he wouldn't. He has made it clear to him right from the start that there are things he simply is not interested in having them in his mindpalace. Nevertheless, he feels a sort of guilt for not having looked
A hand appeared on his shoulder, and he looked directly into Sherlock's solemn, soothing eye. It was impossibly blue and he almost missed his very loud, very clear advice.
Third finger. Oh.
"Her name was..." she whispered and her bottom lip trembled in the pause.
"They are trying to take over by closing in with a circle formation?"
"What even is this place?" John asked.
This earned a general quiet chuckle from the crowd and a louder, rough one from Moran. He had no choice. That had already been made for him. He threw a glance at Mrs Hudson, but she only looked at him with a face full of sympathy, her eyes saying:
In that moment, the doorbell rang and Mrs Hudson jumped. "Uh! I am not even dressed properly!" She hurried down to open the front door.
Sherlock has gone back to grab the arms of his chair again, only to prevent himself from pushing up his hips and rubbing the fabric prison, of which his pulsing cock wants so hard to be freed from, shamelessly against John's face. He really has lost all of his control that has taken him years to build up for himself. For now, he doesn't care, but how long can this state of mind satisfy him?
"Then you should have acted like one!" It just broke out of him. John thought he had seen Mycroft flinch ever so slightly at coming face to face with Sherlock's rage.
really means.
He set foot on the plastered pavement of the station platform and lifted his suitcase to get it out of the open train door. He didn't have much, apart from the uniform he was already wearing. Dark blue coat secured tightly with a large leather belt around his waist, embellished with red and golden embroideries and polished buttons, silver armour stretched on top of long leather gloves, on his boots and around his collar.
John seems to sense something, for his smile loses its smugness and swaps it with something that is not quite worry and not quite pity, but something in between.
"I know what you are thinking. I know." Her arms were still reaching for him, defensive, soothing, but to John her hands were deadly weapons. Only now he noticed that her lips were not painted with the fiery colour she usually wore. The strange blue light made her appear much more vulnerable. She was wearing a dark shirt and trousers. She did not look intimidating. She looked human.
"Of course, everyone knows. It was really only a matter of time before she would do something horrible to one of us."
"Come on, Kitty," Jane soothed her, "It is all going to be fine. He won't tear off our skin for these unfortunate events. None of this is our fault."
"A moment," he whispered, slowly letting his commanding hand sink. "I think we have another party who would very much like to disagree with your suggestion, Ms Adler."
“Finally,” the dead man said to him, somewhere very close to him. And he felt him when he talked, as if it was coming from the very insides of his head. As if he wouldn’t be present in his every thought already.
, with almost every thrust, and Sherlock is so close, so close to orgasm.
His head snapped around. A tall waiter stood before him and smiled politely. The young man did not look a day over twenty-five. He was gorgeous in a peculiarly flamboyant way, his thick brown hair long and wavy, framing his pale face. He looked like he belonged in a castle or, at least, in the theatre.
"Come on, get it together," he muttered under his breath.
Eurus tilted her head with interest. Her smirk faded as soon as she felt the breath at the back of her neck. Irene Adler stood behind her, incredibly tall, appearing almost as a glitch in space and time. She was made of long fangs and black eyes and grew tall, tall and enormous. Eurus's head fell back to look above her where Irene still rose and rose, and on her face, for the first time, John made out something like fear.
Pale face, dark curls, he was lying there, sleeping and bleeding into the sand that soaked it up, all up. The blood ran across his face like a paintbrush full of water would leave its marks on canvas. Sherlock had always looked more like a piece of art than human. But oh, wasn’t he so very human? Just as he was lying here, bleeding out of his flesh and bones?
In a place like this, more a mansion than a house, it would be illogical not to keep at least a small cabinet for medicine.
"What did you do, then? What did you do before all this?"
As it happened many times, at the most important of times, John had a gut feeling that they would not like what Irene Adler was about to tell them. As it happened most of the time, he would be right.
Sherlock fills his lungs with a deep breath and shakes his head. He isn't that person anymore. And why is that? Because one day a doctor, far more dangerous than his title would allow him to be, sent home from an invaded war zone, soldier, healer, has come into his life and
"Doctor Watson and I have solved you a case today, Lestrade. Don't you think that is quite enough to be going on with for now?"
So he had their handcuffs removed and they all shook hands. They congratulated Lestrade again on the promotion (even though the old Chief had left them under very unfortunate circumstances) and then they went home. Home to Baker Street.
She was already on the verge of closing the door when John instinctively took a step forward to place his foot where the door had been about to fall shut. The woman gave him a startled look before her brows twitched in anger. She applied more pressure and tried to push John's foot out of the way with force.
He let out a snort. “We all have done things we’re not proud of.”
By the time John had grabbed his jacket (and also searched for his hat till he remembered that he would probably never see it again) Mrs Hudson had come up to him and took his hand in both of hers in an incredibly fond handshake.
"Knight Captain John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers and former servant of the Queen and Country's Order." Yes, he had that one memorised.
John swallowed this information like a heavy lump of coal. They were both waiting for him to go on and explain. Mrs Hudson sat down.
He shot her a look of shock, of disappointment, but it only met with solemn brown eyes.
"We need Moriarty out of here!" Sherlock shot again. "Alive!"
Eurus watched him, a keen interest in her eyes, hard as steel. "You're next." Her finger brushed the trigger again.
Sherlock, exhausted as he is now, almost lets himself fall into his arms and sighs a sigh of absolutely lightheaded relief. "I love you, too."
As John pulls his lower lip between his teeth and
When John glanced over to the other faces in the room, one of them caught his eye. A young man who was awkwardly trying to look away from the scene. Ah. Was she
John swallowed. He was deducing him.
"A doctor and a knight? You are a treasure, John, and you may regret this for the rest of your life if you don't at least consider this. Apply for the job I am offering."
Mrs Hudson's face worried him. She and Janine looked at each other, and John grew insecure.
. It should be flattering, really, but for some reason felt... unsatisfying.
"John?"
Lowering his gaze just a little, he has already found something new to mesmerise him. John's dark blue eyes, pupils slightly dilated, lines around them like there used to be when he was laughing (so long have they not
He was most familiar with these kinds of meetings. He used to hold them all the time in the small space between battlefield and short cold nights. Remembering this and where he came from as a soldier, as a captain, helped make his nervousness fade away, and he spoke his next words with confidence.
too late for them to be doing this now. A missed chance.
The last thing he saw under heavy lids and a head filled with pain was a smiling face. Large brown eyes were looking down on him. Her hair flew around her in wild, rapid movements like a black veil.
With his eyes rolling at the ceiling John puts a bookmark in his book, places it on the table next to him and gets off his chair. Walking into the kitchen, he murmurs under his breath.
A loud clap set the room into a scene of silence. The heels of Mrs Hudson's clattering shoes was the only sound to be heard when she made eye contact with one of the ladies specifically. "That's enough, girls, behave! No need to be making this any more dramatic than it is. And now, on your position, Ms Riley. We've got guests!"
She was definitely the one that had made Anderson keep his mouth shut. She walked towards him, distancing herself from the group and created an aura of respect and grace around her not unlike that of a dancer, and very much like-
Sherlock makes a noise that sounds not quite like a laugh and not quite like a sob, but his whole face transforms regardless. A wide smile stretches over his face and puts a new kind of light behind his eyes as he recognises his own bad joke from John's lips. John smiles, too. He loves Sherlock's happy faces a lot. An awful lot. His heart swells even more, and just in this moment he knows they'll be okay. Somehow. Not today, probably not tomorrow, but someday, somehow.
"And?"
," John reads out loud, as his finger underlines the words of the black and white book cover, which shows honeycombs and beehives, drawn in detail and accentuated through flowers highlighted in yellow. "
Sherlock opened the door to the lit room. Just as John put his hand to his shoulder, he felt the other man's body tense.
His hands slide up Sherlock's back like he was afraid of breaking him, and Sherlock doesn't know if he should be annoyed or flattered, until his fingers run through soft, dark curls and teasingly pull on some of the longer strands.
The final chapter will be an epilogue.
She looked upset, and he felt guilty for a second, but still could not stop smiling. When he shot a glance at Sherlock he saw that he was smiling, too, and so John began to chuckle. Sherlock's deep voice reached his ears with quiet laughter, and John joined in. They laughed, absurdly, for no reason at all, until Mrs Hudson stomped away as if she was personally offended.
John's gaze hardened. In scepticism, in concern. "Well, we've still got some time left. Tell me now."
"What a fine gentleman you are!" she said. "And I imagine I will be seeing a lot more of you too from now on, Dr Watson?"
Mrs Hudson was just walking down the hall from the reception.
The blackmailer knew what he was doing. It was his profession after all, manipulating people. He was good at it, trying to read his opponents even while he spoke. With John, he was counting on his morals to get the better of him and stop him from threatening a defenseless man. It would have worked, had John not seen through it. Nowadays, his morals were more dubious than grounded anyway.
"I have a very good sense for human nature, Dr Watson. John. We could truly use someone with your abilities. You would be an extraordinary benefactor."
He nods quickly.
"Well, I just thought," started John, but stopped and looked around. There was no one who could hear them.
"So tell me, Sherlock Holmes. Why did you decide to kill yourself?"
When they were together his mind got the breaks that he has not allowed himself to take in
"Should anything go colossally wrong, which I doubt, I will interfere before you can be put into a situation of inescapable danger."
"What are you doing?" Sherlock asks, both Rosie and him looking after him.
"So where are you working these days?"
"To humanity," said Lestrade.
"Hoo-hoo!"
"And why would I do that? Why would I help out a robotic copy of a mad detective that has gone wild? After all, there must be a reason for you being here."
If he had wanted to tease Sherlock because of his big mouth and no trousers (although in this case not quite true yet), it wouldn't have worked out well. Although he is rather looking at him as if to say '
"Incredible."
"Mr Moriarty? Oh, sometimes they tend to overdramatise matters a bit. I will admit he can be very …
, he thought. He was ready to play this game then.
But he is faster than John can give him credit for and closes the door just in time. Only a second later, they hear the voices of Greg Lestrade and Sally Donovan.
"Now that we have arrived in the appreciative section of this evening, let us all take a moment and think about what we're grateful for. I, for instance," his voice grew louder as he spoke, "am extremely grateful to see my good man Sherlock Holmes joining us tonight! You all know Sherlock Holmes?"
Sherlock blinks slowly while morning light forces him to close his eyes again. His every thought is limited due to the confusion of being awake so suddenly, and he thinks the sun might have crept into this room to blind him and only him, forever.
John still felt the thrill like a sparking flame, bulging inside of him and making his heart quicken, his limbs restless, his legs started to carry him running. He had no idea why he was running. Their escape had lit him up like lightning and now he didn't know what to do with himself.
I may have to kill a man, and once they know I'll be on the run and go. Again. (Alone.) By now, you could be used to watch me struggle. Always from several rooms away. Even if you were right beside me. I would always find a way to hide away. Too afraid to say, 'Tonight I need you to stay'.
"Keep wondering."
, and so they did. Without ever looking back.
"I'm afraid I cannot. Doctor's orders."
A feeling that had evolved long before the man had saved his life. A feeling that was wrong, and he was wrong for feeling so right at being helpless to it. James had seen that. He had seen the way John looked at his face and would not notice the scars but his eyes instead. After saving his life a final time, John had never seen him again.
He almost felt scandalous, sitting so close next to John on the kitchen table that their knees touched below it, but John, to only his own surprise, proudly took Sherlock's hand in his and interlaced their fingers to have their hands resting calmly between both their plates. Mrs Hudson's wrinkles only deepened as her smile started to look like it had to be painful handling this huge amount of happiness. Later, before she went downstairs again, she asked if they have had a domestic recently. Sherlock was very confused, but when she was gone John explained to him that she might have been referring to yesterday, because apparently their make-up sex was always especially loud. Sherlock blushed so deeply that the colour of his skin matched that of the stabbing wound of a homocide's victim. He was sure that John must be very proud of that metaphor, since it was him who told him so with that silly grin on his face he has fallen for.
A very angry Wilkes appears on the scene, looking even more annoyed at the police tape. Glowering at Holmes for a moment, he tells the constable securing the scene that he needs to speak to whoever is in charge.
“Come on,” he scoffs. “Who’d want me for a flatmate?”
entail?”
has more of an Anglo-Saxon ring, which is what this poem needs.
He catches a whiff of her perfume, something new. Since he’s known her, it’s always been Claire de la Lune, a flowery, citrusy scent. The new scent is heavier, sharper.
But she had not yet met me. For all her cleverness, she was still a woman. Her charms would have no effect on me. Without meaning to, she would give herself away, show me where she had hidden the portrait.
Bellamy waved his hand carelessly. “My wife is here, somewhere. She was introducing Mr Allen to the Pritchards. Ah, here they are!”
“Miss Adler. I was under the impression that you had moved house.”
And once again, John is sitting by himself, a lump of regret settling in his gut. He’s not sorry for making a fool of himself in front of these people. Melancholy just his normal state after the party’s over. People will begin leaving in pairs, and John will finally go off into the night by himself.
“I’ve seen dead people before,” I replied.
“You blew it.” Mike sighed. “Sherlock—“
Molly, passing out the revised script, frowned. “This is just a read-through. I’m sure we’ll make some adjustments.” She took her place and smiled at the group. “I want to thank you all for your willingness to do this. It means a lot to our fans. Mike, I know you haven’t been in front of a camera for a while, and I appreciate you stepping back into the spotlight.”
“Because they care. And you’re the star here. What happens tonight depends on you.”
“Thank you.” Watson sat down on the Queen mattress and looked up at Holmes. “How do I look on this one?”
He raised a hand to stop me from speaking. “I am not saying that you were evil. You did not wish ill things on others, but you cared only for yourself, believed in your own superiority, and saw no reason to care for other people. I am not sure who to blame for this. We all encouraged you to learn, especially our mother. Our father’s death was a great loss. He had many faults, but he was a kind man. At university I think you first lost your way, immersing yourself in the purely intellectual, which opened you to the vices that almost killed you. You left university, but would not pay heed to anything I said. I worried that you would eventually destroy yourself.
Instead of setting the book aside with a shudder, he opens it, curious at how difficult it will seem to him now that he’s got his medical license. Passing the course, just barely, taught him that he should not be embarrassed to seek help. If only he’d asked someone at Priory—
and laughed when we realised we were both fine.
Sherlock chuckles. “I might ask you the same thing.”
Wet coats were hung by the door, the kettle filled and set to boil, and they took seats opposite one another, Sherlock in his favoured armchair, and his guest in the chair last occupied by Molly.
“Then I have everything I need.” He smiled. “I withdraw my resignation,
and sometimes he even yells a bit. But the next morning, there he is, making the tea, putting extra sugar in Sherlock’s cup, and asking if he has anything on for the day.
He’d never seen Sherlock look at him like that. The hatred he saw there was terrifying.
“Some of the things you said were true,” Molly continued. “I should have shared the script and asked for you all to collaborate. I didn’t because… Well, it’s just this. You’re brilliant, and you don’t mind pointing out the flaws of every script, every performance— and you’re not polite about it. It’s a bit intimidating for someone like me. I try to put my heart into each part I play, even Gastro Girl.” She smiled. “Just a silly advert, but I like to think people trust me. I help people, you know, with an embarrassing problem. I make it something they can talk about.”
“As it happens,” Miss Garvey said, “this book is my own.” She nodded at me. “You may borrow it, William, for as long as you wish.”
The surgeon comes to talk with them. The gut wound bled a lot, but surprisingly the blade didn’t damage any major organs. He’ll be able to start a liquid diet soon, and then gradually start eating soft food. John will complain about that; Sherlock looks forward to it because it will mean that John is still John.
“Perfect,” I groused. “Another woman, probably wanting me to find her bloody terrier or her bloody diamond necklace or her bloody fiancee who disappeared the day after she told him that the family fortune was going to her brother.”
Martha Hudson squeezed his arm rather tightly. “It’s charming, Molly. Shall we begin where we left off?”
He remembers hearing the door close, footsteps more distant as Holmes retreats down the corridor.
“Wrong. It’s my business, Sherlock. Your career could get a nice boost from this. The proceeds are going to charity, and you’re not particularly known for your charitable efforts, so this can only help.”
Having sex with John is a revelation. Sherlock has never been
The door opened and a woman wearing a pencil skirt and a silk blouse invited him into the office.
He gave a short laugh. “No, it didn’t. This isn’t about the script. As idiotic as it is, I will perform my role as if I were up for a BAFTA.”
The dispenser said
He’s brilliant at solving things. While it’s hard for him to distance himself from what he feels about John, he must look at it objectively. If he has done something wrong, he can determine what it is and whether it can be fixed. If he hasn’t, then that’s a different problem.
He spends the afternoon unpacking boxes, making himself at home in his new flat. Mrs Hudson has been kind enough to give him a discount, but he worries a bit about pulling in enough fees to keep up the rent. His income tends to be irregular. His landlady has enough to live on without his rent, but he shouldn’t take advantage of her just because she owes him. It’s a fully furnished flat, and though the furniture is somewhat eclectic, he feels grateful not to have to shop for such things. This could be more than a place to stay; it could be his home.
Many beds lined the narrow dormitory; all the children seemed asleep, though it was far too cold for me to be comfortable under the thin blanket I’d been given. Shivering, I wished I had asked for another blanket, but each student had one and only one, and I knew I must be grateful for that poor gift. This was not a place where one was meant to be comfortable. It was a school where humility was enforced and the flesh mortified. That is what I was told by the man who showed me to the room where I was to sleep. He was young, with a thin, sallow face, a junior teacher. He told me that I would be in his group, and that tomorrow he would assess my ability to read and do arithmetic. I had no worry about this.
A woman opens the front door as they approach it. She’s about seventy, he thinks, with short auburn hair, smartly dressed, smiling at Holmes and looking at Watson with curiosity.
“What are you saying?”
Why would he let John in, show him his scars?
“Better than cigarettes. You smell really good. Delicious. May I taste?”
“Oh god,” he said, snuggling back into me (I was playing the big spoon to his adorable small spoon). “You’re perfect.”
She leaned towards him and smiled almost as if she were trying to seduce him. “You,” she said, “and John Watson.”
John stared at him as if he were speaking a foreign language. Which he was:
Like a little kid running away from home and leaving a big, scrawled note on the fridge.
“Thank you.”
It’s a gorgeous suit, more than I could ever afford, and it fits perfectly. How Mycroft knew my measurements— well, I’m going to have to check for cameras in the flat, I suppose.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t get it.”
As usual, his idiotic brain is just catching up with his stupid heart. Yes, he does love Sherlock. How or why that has happened is a mystery. It makes no sense to love this man who constantly belittles and bedazzles him. It’s the craziest thing he’s ever done, ranking up there with Afghanistan and air guitar and head-butting a serial killer.
Waking up in a strange bed, Watson wonders for a moment where he is. While it used to happen quite often at university, it’s been a while since he work up like this, the inside of his mouth feeling dry and horrible, his head thick, and not recognising where he is.
The kiss tells him that has already met the love of his life.
a thief, or at least have a disposition that leans towards larceny. I used to steal things from Mycroft’s rooms, just to see how long it would take him to notice. He is a most observant person, which taught me stealth. Our skills, then, are complementary. How about safe-cracking? Did Uncle Bertie also teach you that?”
"Yes," he said. "This is what it feels like, to me."
"He is building an army," John said slowly, looking up at Sherlock. "That's what you said. But if it isn't him who wanted this war, then who...
"I need them." John drew himself up to his full height to make his position clear. He knew how it had been in the knighthood. Not everyone had liked the actions he had taken when faced with a difficult decision. In fact, most of them never had. But they still obeyed, and they still had to trust him to be right in the end. It hadn't been his ideas in itself that necessarily convinced them. It had been the sheer confidence with which he commanded, the dominance of his walk and the hard expression on his face that reminded them of his superiority in rank. Body language was the most important factor in making people jump.
He is here, under the horizon. Under the whole world. Under possibilities and futures and,
"You have space up in there to care about mythology?" John pointed at his curly head. Sherlock was usually much more selective of the kind of information he chose to store.
"Yes, I know," Mike chuckled warmly, "I got fat."
"Lestrade." Sherlock kept his hands behind his back, but John instinctively stretched his hand out to the inspector.
And in this night, he learns to truly, wholeheartedly appreciate the miracles and wonders of the solar system.
"Ladies and gentlemen-" They heard Moriarty say into a microphone, his voice even more metallic through the quiet echo in the background.
John winced and bit his tongue as the man took his smaller hand with both of his and looked at it.
"Excuse me? I don't even know where you are working, nor do I know you, Ms Mary Morstan." The idea that she was seeing something else in him, something with the kind of - what, value? – that she went so far as to offer him a job?
But as much as John wanted to object, all the consulting detective had to do was to tilt his head in a certain way and furrow his brows, and already John was feeling foolish for having tried to object in the first place. He let out a long-suffering groan again, and the eye slid into his breast pocket with ease. Sherlock looked at him with satisfaction before he stepped back and held one hand over his other eye so that all you could see of him was a tall body with pale skin and a hollow eye socket. He seemed truly frightening then, half-hidden by the shadows, with a big black hole in his face, all black and white. He looked like a ghost. As mysterious and gorgeous as he looked simply horrifying.
“Hah! How so, Sherlock Holmes? Have you looked at yourself?”
, the sensitive skin up, up his thighs. He whispers names into all of those spots, lets them sink into his flesh and travel to his chest where they can burn and glow and melt his insecurities with flickers of bliss.
"Go on. He won't bite your head off. Well, not all at once at least."
"What?"
"Couldn't quite prevail the naïveté in his face, I must say."
Mary stepped right into his personal space, her act replaced by a sheer and frightening severity that made John almost back away. Her eyes resembled those of an animal focusing on its pray.
"Sherlock? Are you?” He slowly, almost playfully, walks up behind Sherlock, letting his hands slide into the pockets of his trousers, feeling his muscular thighs trembling through the fabric.
He decided to spit in her face. She snarled in fury, her face twisting like that of a demon fighting against exorcism, and her grip tightened viciously around his throat.
John felt stuck in a dilemma. He wanted to help. Even if the person who required his help was an undead robot, currently watching his every move through his breast pocket. (And how he wished for this to only be a very odd kind of metaphor.) But if what Sherlock said was all true, he had to help. Since he had first heard of him a strong feeling had grown in his gut, advising him against believing in the good nature of James Moriarty and his intentions. From the moment he had first met him he would never have ruled out the possibility that he was more than just a businessman – not to mention that most businessmen had a touch of evil to them already.
"What about- " he starts whispering, opening his eyes without knowing on what point he has closed them. "
within one lifetime. This, you should be scared of. This is what is feared. I, controlled by my own thoughts and my own brain, can function and I can learn how to enhance myself. And is that not disconcerting?"
"You are only a former knight. Why former? Well, first of all, you would not stand before me if you were not, also your clothes are too decent and slightly too formal, probably even too formal for your own liking. You were a solider – a swordsman! Clothing had to be practical rather than decent. Meaning now you have to work as something that would be for the public of higher society, respectable. You were an army doctor, and now you are a doctor still."
