John nodded. “Sounds like a great idea Mr. Holmes,” he said. He lifted up a piece and they started.
Sherlock nodded and looked to John’s house. “I’ll see you in class tomorrow,” he said. “If you’re not sick that is.”
“Oh is it?” Sherlock asked, offering a smile. John was almost eighteen. That was good. Great even. He was happy for the boy.
When the final bell rung John made his way towards Sherlock’s room. He paused outside the door, hand going to the doorknob. He bit his lip and raised his hand to knock. There was a soft come in. John opened the door and gave Sherlock a small smile. “Afternoon sir,” he said.
John passed in the test first. The teen was rather confident that he got a great grade. He had listened to the teacher and studied everything that he was supposed to. Why wouldn’t he get a good grade?
John let out a small laugh and nodded. “I hate when my body thinks it wants something but my mind doesn’t,” he said. He started picking small bits of thrash from the floor. “Mike was rather disappointed that things didn’t go well.”
John rolled his eyes. “We’ve been friends for a while. Shouldn’t we be on a first name basis by now?” he asked.
Sherlock started driving, watching out of the corner of his eye as John slowly fell asleep. He smiled and leaned back with a happy sigh.
John’s phone began buzzing and it caused John to pull away with groan. He looked at the message he got, his father, and groaned again. He tossed his phone to the side. There was no way he was going home. Sherlock sat up, watching John as he tossed his phone away. “Dad?” he asked.
“John, it will be alright,” Sherlock said softly. “I’ll write my first letter in a week. To give you time to get settled.”
John shook his head. “I forgot to tell my dad that I wasn’t staying late and now he’s angry,” he said. “I got a lot to do tonight. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Sherlock bit his lip and nodded. “I’ll look,” he said. He let go of John and began looking around. He grinned when he found it and got John a small cup of water as well. “Here you are.”
After a while John knew it was time to leave. He couldn’t stay a moment longer. He slowly walked to the front door, his chest tight with worry and the uneasy feeling of knowing exactly what was wrong.
John smiled at the idea and nodded. "Sounds like a good plan to me," he agreed. He took his hand and pulled him to the door. "Come on then."
John shook his head. “Why go home? Then my birthday would be over.”
John sat up, shaking his head. "I took a shower and didn't want to get fully dressed," he told him with a laugh. He pushed himself off the couch and moved over to him. "And I want to go out and eat with you." He leaned down and kissed his neck. "Please."
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock repeated, watching him with a small smile. “Get some sleep. I know you probably have chores to do, but you need your sleep.”
The older man kissed him deeply, sliding his hand under his shirt, feeling the muscles working underneath his hand as John moved with his touch. He wanted to never stop touching the man’s body.
In a much more soothing voice Sherlock said his name again, leaning closer. “I want to help. Please.”
John smiled gratefully and took the pills and water. “Alright, let’s leave now,” he mumbled throwing the cup away.
Sherlock ignored him as went back to the nurse’s office and found John laying back with his eyes shut. He smiled softly and glanced around for the nurse before leaning against the table and gently traced a bruise on John’s face.
"My little big brother has teased him relentlessly since they were children about his weight. It was cruel, really."
"Ugh," Sherlock groaned coming to his senses. He blinked, wondering why he couldn't see anything and realised the room must have been black.
John paused when he realised what Sherlock had been doing to the gag. He didn’t speak as he removed it and threw it in the kitchen.
"Come here, then."
Recent events surrounding this fic has made me think about it a lot so my plan for it’s length has changed drastically.
His eyes darted to his brother apologetically, but he didn't do anything else to suggest he would cooperate with the Dominatrix.
Sherlock wanted nothing more than to glance at Mycroft, but he couldn't see him from where he was. John, however, could.
Greg glared up at him.
“Good point,” John tilted his head on one side regarding the older Holmes for a moment before turning his attention back to his own. “I’ll have tea. Do not make yourself one and do not poison your brother’s. Go.”
Sherlock breathed deep, smelling John, calming down. John wasn’t hurting him. John was comforting him. He was doing that aftercare thing again, for the fourth time was it? And he’d been with him less than 24 hours. Why wasn’t he getting impatient and angry? Things were getting more confusing than ever.
Irene gripped his curls again tightly, but he made no move to comply with what she wanted.
At half 6, John had let him go and throw some clothes on. It felt good to not be naked. He never realised how much he missed his suit when it was in the wardrobe. Although he had forgone pants, the trousers at the very least covered the cage. Out of sight out of mind didn’t quite apply, but it was pretty close!
"I can smell waffles."
“What do you think?” the detective snarled.
John was still in the kitchen, waiting on the coffee machine again when both Mycroft and Greg joined him.
"Need I remind you of your behaviour in the car, Mr. Volcano?" John asked.
Sherlock frowned and glanced towards his brother who clearly looked uneasy with the way his own Dom was staring at him.
“Save it,” he hissed, then glanced over his shoulder at the officer stood outside the room. “Adams, take Mr. Holmes to the toilet, to sort himself out, then take him to the doctor.”
“You had the opportunity to do this alone and the chance to earn your violin for a while. I would have thought an hour with it would have been enough just to let you unwind, but clearly that little show this morning about your violin was just a provocation. No doubt a failed attempt at making me mad.”
John slapped his arse again. "Don't temp me."
The government official was actually in a t-shirt and a pair of shorts that Sherlock was fairly sure had been robbed from Greg.
"Have you broken my brother?" Eurus snapped.
“Moriarty...”
John stopped immediately. "What was that?"
Greg let go, then stepped back, waiting.
“You figured it out yet, pet?”
“Settle under the covers and I’ll get our tea.”
He nodded. “Yes, sir.”
"With or without meaning to, things have gone back to the way they were sir. Sirs."
Soon enough, though, a low burn set in. It felt like an itching at first, then it rapidly grew in intensity. It wasn't long before he was shifting about for an entirely different reason.
It was only the fact that John's hand started aching that made him stop spanking the Superintendent. He rubbed Greg's arse, feeling the heat come off of it. "On the floor. On your knees."
John reached off the edge of the sofa, but Greg whacked his arm and shook his head. So instead the younger Dom returned his attention to the TV. It was more difficult than he had thought it would be to go back to the beginning with Sherlock. He missed the intimate touches and gentle moments as well as the play so very much.
"Actually, little brother, it is active. It's the only active volcano in Europe. On land at least."
“Sherlock's outside,” both Greg and Mycroft stood to join him immediately, but they were still too late.
"Contain yourself, pet," John ordered softly, after he had dropped the 15th blow. Sherlock was sobbing quietly but made no move to seek comfort.
"You alright babe?" John asked, appearing behind the two of them and resting his hand on his hip.
“How about I tell you how I got into my relationship and you tell me how you became a professional Dom because your brother clearly disapproves.”
The little boy threw his arms around Sherlock’s neck and held on tight. "But it will be ficial. No one can say I'm not yours."
“Yes, sir,” he whispered.
Sherlock heard him choke but didn't know what else to say.
Eurus shoved him so that he toppled over backwards. "Your smart mouth always gets you in trouble."
John didn’t let go of his hand, but gave him a moment to pull it free in case he felt crowded or threatened. When it became apparent that he wasn’t going to let go, John tugged him towards the stairs and into the room opposite Sherlock’s. Beyond the door was a sofa and a large flat screen TV. The walls were lined with books and the space beside the sofa was a square of soft padding. Sherlock was watching the padded area with something that resembled dread and was therefore surprised and more than cautious when John pulled him down on to the sofa next to him.
Download from
"Can we bake cookies?"
"This is you relaxed, sir."
"Yes, sir."
"Am I done with it, sir? Please?"
It was quite a view. John’s land was so big he couldn’t see the end of it, he couldn’t see the end of the driveway and he didn’t really recall the journey up the path at all, Mycroft had been demanding his attention and cooperation so he had hidden in his Mind Palace while they were in the car.
"It's our wedding. We don't have to invite anyone you don't want to be there." John crossed over to him and rested his hands on his shoulders. "It's entirely up to you."
Sherlock was bewildered by the performance in front of him. Greg hadn't even punished him for yelling...
Sherlock didn't want to leave John, but he wanted to argue and upset him even less.
“Right now, you’re thinking I’m too clever?” John laughed, “or you’re too stupid that you didn’t realise before?”
"You'll have to do it from prostate stimulation alone," John cautioned.
Sherlock poked his tongue out at his brother. "He started it."
At that, John rolled his eyes. "No, you git. This is about making you feel good and making it last so long that when I do finally let you come, you'll be screaming."
Sherlock just hung up the phone. Finn was jumping up and down, while clapping.
Download from
"Yes, sir."
Finn was happy to comply. His shirt was already pulled out of his trousers and he had kicked off his shoes quite some time ago.
Greg laughed. "You've been spying?"
Sherlock shook is head, he would never bite the Dom! But John just smirked in response to his look. “I think I know you better than you know yourself, boy.” At the sub’s further frown, he continued. “How many times in the last 10 minutes would you have made inappropriate comments or argued with me? Being gagged has kept your tally low, has it not?”
"Don't be absurd. Why would you play with someone who wanted to hurt you, even back then?"
“Yes, sir,” he repeated.
The flake was still there for the taking. Just for the hell of it, Greg made a grab for it, but Sherlock practically climbed on the table to get to it first. It crumbled under Sherlock's grip and the Superintendent laughed.
"No!" It was Mycroft that yelled out. "Don't."
That caught Sherlock slightly wrong footed; wasn’t this supposed to be about power and humiliation? He knew it wasn’t about pain anymore. After the last one, Mycroft had assured him that he wouldn’t be left in that sort of compromising position again. The Dom could do practically anything he liked. Why wasn’t he humiliating him at every opportunity? Why was he being so… patient? Understanding? Either way, he immediately climbed back into his pants, feeling oddly shielded despite it only being thin material.
“Sherlock, pet, can you come out of there?”
"Oh really? You're little sister rang. Told me you were with Doctor Watson now." She turned on her heel and walked back to her chair.
"I hate her!" he growled, wanting to punch something.
“You were miles away, pet. Focus on this, on me, on us.”
“But you could have-”
Greg blushed, feeling incredibly stupid. He knew for himself there wasn't a submissive cell in the Dom's body.
Irene threw her arm around Eurus' shoulder, giving her a squeeze. "Of course we are."
Mycroft didn't move fast enough to satisfy the doctor, so he gave him a kick up the arse to urge him along.
“Oi!” he hissed, clipping him on the back of the head.
He brought it down again, gentler this time. Sherlock’s yelps had long since died down to muffled moans as he tired, but John needed to finish this, not just for himself, but his sub too.
“I won’t cheat,” he continued as if ignoring the detective's thinking time. “It’s your choice. I’ll take whatever pill you don’t.”
Mycroft managed to chew and swallow his chips, then licked his lips. "I rather enjoyed the method of delivery." He smiled at Greg, then dropped his eyes to his Dom's fingers.
Sherlock blinked up at her stupidly.
Sherlock’s issues were solved when John let go of his hand before they were in sight, the Dom had seen the dilemma written on his boy’s face. “I said I didn’t want to make things difficult for you, pet.”
“So says my husband,” John said with a smile. “You would know all about being ridiculous.”
“I’m sorry, Greg, I should have done it myself."
Before Sherlock could object, the doctor shook his head. "Nope. This is strictly for us."
“It wasn’t his either. I had been ignoring him for far too long. So it is technically my fault.”
"There's no comparison to be made, baby brother, I know that. Forgive me if I implied otherwise."
“Am not!”
“Then speak.”
John sat cross-legged in front of his kneeling sub. Sherlock’s cock was still caged, but John didn’t care. The younger man had the control plug back up his arse, a little too short to reach that pleasurable spot. He was tickling his cock through the cage bars, watching it try to spring to action.
At Sherlock’s continued confusion, he added, "What did you expect? You've been more of a father to him than his ever was."
John had to go careful to hold his tongue. It wouldn't do to give this other Dom a piece of his mind until he knew what the hell she was talking about.
Aware he had control again, John relaxed slightly even if his face remained hard. “Now you wait there until I am ready to deal with you.” He turned his back on him to the sink. “And your tally has just doubled, boy.”
That had been a question, as indirect as it came across. He couldn't ignore it. "Yes, sir. Fine, sir."
"It's not Irene Adler that's the issue, Mycroft. I don't even try to misbehave and I still make things difficult for John."
Finn opened and closed his mouth several times. Then he paused and stamped his foot again. “But Daddy!”
“No you don’t,” Sherlock argued quietly. “You get to do what you want.”
"I think it's Sunday morning, little brother. You were out for hours."
“What do you know about previous relationships with this sort of thing?”
"We can't do this right now," he jerked his head at Sherlock who had his eyes closed.
Sherlock bit his lip, not daring to reply.
John had also not used the contract cuffs, but instead, used the ones Greg had handed to him. It hadn’t taken much to get a friend or two to kick up a fuss at the hospital and it was enough for him to bolt out of the car mid way up the drive. He had known he had to time it well and despite London traffic, the car was its slowest on the drive. He knew he’d land on grass not concrete and have time to hide effectively.
"Yes, sir," he muttered, head low.
Over the past couple of weeks the comments have been flooding in, thank you so much. It does mean a lot. I'm a nightmare at replying to all your brilliant comments and it's got to the point where there's about 300 I haven't answered so this is a massive thank you to everyone for your support. I had a very long discussion last night with sherlockian4evr who somehow despite some other nightmares with other fics has managed to persuade me to continue. Again, this is a thank you to all your comments and although I do love reading them and although I struggle to reply (both me and sherlockian4evr promise to try better!) i just needed to thank you once again for your continued support and will try to do better to responding to each of you. I will use the time I'm saving by thanking you here to write up the rest of my draft for the next chapter :)
Mycroft smiled. "As long as she stays here at Sherrinford, I agree."
John looked at his own trussed up sub and laughed ruefully. "Yeah, I know I should have stripped him first, but I was so annoyed. At least his trousers and pants are down. I can get to the good bits."
Sherlock waited what seemed like forever for the blonde to exit the box. Once she had disappeared, he made his way towards it.
John pretended he hadn't seen it but secretly he was extremely pleased, he had known from day one this sort of bondage had calmed him somewhat, those early days when he had left him cuffed to keep him still. He removed each of the buckles as quickly as he could, then he slid the armbinder down off his arms.
John wasn't expecting any sort of response and the whispered, "yes, sir," was one hell of a shock. He let his hand fall on his lower back in a comforting gesture before getting back into his position.
John watched his pet's face as he began to unwrap the bandaging.
“Is stage two a beating, sir?” the detective asked, he might not like the answer, but he still needed to know. It was easier to take when he was well prepared.
For the rest of you, I fully intend to finish this fic, I hope you enjoy!
, John sighed, all these years he’d never referred to a sub that he was in the process of training as his. He looked down at the mop of brown curls on his chest. He was his boy, without a doubt.
"Yes, sir. Sorry, sir."
The Dom swivelled on his chair to face his sub to see that Sherlock’s head had fallen forward to rest against the wall, showing off his long pale neck encircled in the leather of his collar.
“And then what?”
“You don't get to call me boy!” He spat, launching himself across the cell and lunging at the door. Only John got to call him boy! The Dom that wasn't there.
“Neither of us expected Sherlock to become the father that he so obviously is with Finn. I daresay I'm proud of him. Of course, I would deny ever saying such a thing,” Mycroft said.
"Eurus, be serious, what could Mycroft had done in the last few hours even if he wanted to."
Irene... giggled. There was no other word for it.
“These are slightly different to the clamps I have used on you once before. They're for long term use.”
Finally he was down, so his naked arse cheeks pressed against the seat cushion. John cuffed his wrists around the chair and pulled a few straps free to keep him down on it. A buckle came up either side and attached to the sub's cock cage.
"This one doesn't deserve his breakfast, Eurus," Irene said, twisting Sherlock's wrist just a bit more. "I want him to wait in the corner like a good dog."
"It has nothing to do with the experiment on the table."
“Better. Now move.” He stared at his detective as he moved to his ‘corner’.
"You saying I don't look gorgeous the rest of the time, sir?" Sherlock asked cheekily, raising one eyebrow.
“Remove your shirt.”
John smiled softly. "I thought Sherlock could decide what we have for dinner. It's take away night pet," John snapped his fingers and some menus were brought in by one of the maids. He dropped the menus on Sherlock's lap. "What do you think?"
Download from
Sherlock laughed. “After dinner, champ. And then you can have all the ice cream in the world.”
Sherlock took a deep breath. He really was desperate for a pee. “I meant… can you let me go, sir?”
He wasn't the only one. Mycroft sighed heavily in relief and settled himself back again.
“Back, you don’t even know where your Dom lives.”
For several minutes, the Dom stood watching Sherlock kneeling quietly, then he entered the bedroom and crossed over to him. Without thinking about it, John started playing with his boy's curls. "That was good, pet. At least it's a start."
"Where are we going?"
“Can we drop the ‘sir’ please?” Part of John, quite a big part actually, could see their relationship crumbling without the chance to rebuild after this, but the reaction he got was the complete opposite to what he was expecting.
John? Why would John be phoning Mycroft? He shook his head, ignoring the thought for a while.
The Superintendent shortly had Mycroft on his feet and thrown into the nearest wall. "Give me your hands," he ordered sharply.
“I need the loo.”
It wasn't difficult to tell what the sub was up to. John could feel the muscles in his boy's neck and they were tight as a drum. "Git," the Dom said as he dug his fingers into said muscles, trying to work them loose.
“Sherlock, what has gotten into you?”
At half past 10, the leash clicked. It sounded like it came from where it was attached to the collar. Caught by surprise, Sherlock jumped, his heart racing. He realised quite quickly it was probably just the magnet thing that controlled his collar. He calmed down at just that thought, but he daren’t move at all, he’d been there for three hours and if the wall was boring after half an hour of corner time, it was stupidly dull now. His arms were trembling from the tension he was forcing through them after so long. He’d also lost the feeling in his lower legs after the constant kneeling, being unable to move. He couldn’t believe the way the Dom had just left him, he wasn’t allowed in here and here he was knelt in the corner on his own. He weighed up the differences, he had permission now, and this punishment couldn’t be any closer to what he had done wrong. He hated to admit it but he missed John.
"I think it's you who has to worry about not disturbing John."
Their walk didn’t last long, as clouds began to settle over when they stopped for a cup of tea
"Not a chance, brat," he continued stroking himself, ignoring the look on his sub's face. John continued to stroke himself. Without conscious thought, he fell into the same rhythm as the fucking machine.
The doctor clipped him on the back of the head. That was the first remark the boy had made that was remotely the brat's usual attitude.
“For a while maybe,” he murmured.
“You took that well, pet. Hop up on the bed.” He had hold of the jar he had used last time. It seemed to help with the bruising.
“5 on your tally,” the Dom added as he left the bedroom.
John smiled, choosing to join them. He never expected Sherlock to say no to such things.
Greg let out an obscene moan and grasped Mycroft's head, pulling it in close. He came down his sub's throat with an absolute look of sheer bliss on his face.
Greg glanced around. Then hummed to himself. "Maybe you're right."
"I meant, they get cooked, you berk."
It took the sub far too long to realise he was being watched.
Greg let his head fall back. "I don't know!"
“Finn,” he tried.
“Don't go back to work. Or your club. Go home. Cook dinner for Greg. Something extravagant, I know you can manage that well.”
Sherlock covered his ears. “Blah blah blah. I can't hear you!”
Easy.
"What have you done?" John asked softly as they turned the corner out of the street they'd apprehended their suspect in. "Have you hurt yourself?"
The Dom brought a chunk of toast to Sherlock’s mouth half expecting him to take a chunk out of his fingers. He didn’t though. Slowly, Sherlock opened his mouth to take the bite size piece of food. He watched it, cautiously, every second it was in the older man’s hand and took it from him, resolutely avoiding John’s fingers.
“You don’t want it to be so. Neither do I. But he ran for a reason and beyond having had enough at mine, I don’t know another reason.”
Irene removed the clamps from their cocks. "Go to the trunk and pick out a dildo. Make it a nice large one, and don't complain that you're handcuffed."
“With your permission,” he finished.
“Yes, sir.”
He quickly calculated how long he had been away from Baker Street. He needed to get back if he was going to avoid suspicion.
Despite his previous warning, John cut him off anyway. “Don’t even try it… I found him about to…” he glanced over his shoulder who had settled into the warm seat John had vacated. “Rape him,” he finished, he had been trying to ignore what had been about to happen before he had charged in but he had to accept it sooner or later because he would need to help his sub to come to terms with it.
He brought the paddle down again and Sherlock yelped.
He gave a harsh laugh. "He's in rare form." John rolled over and set the laptop on the bedside table. "How does he get himself so damned worked up?"
"Alright, then." John started washing more private bits of his sub and soon Sherlock's cock stood up tall and proud. The Dom stroked it a few times, watching his pet's face closely.
“Lime!” he said quickly. “Green.”
Mycroft squeezed his eyes shut instead.
“Good. Now your reaction just then meant you want to keep my collar. I promised you on day one I would not remove this collar unless you safe worded. I will stick to my promise, of course I will, I wouldn't lie to you, but you know by now, not all subs are ready to leave by 3 months. So I'll leave you to think about that.”
He shouldn't have been so surprised, Mycroft had managed it the day before.
"I'm not starting up anything," Sherlock snapped. "I just don't like being treated as a baby."
But Eurus walked back in, gathered up he gag and pushed it back into his mouth. Then she skipped from the room once more.
Sherlock opened and closed his mouth several times. "But it's a case!"
Because it's a d/s au, that is what they do.
“They all reported minor vandalism. The third made a massive deal out of it as it had happened while they were in.” Greg read the report aloud. “Concerned it was an attempt on their life.”
The boy’s head snapped up, clearly wanting to argue. When nothing came out of his mouth, the Dom smiled.
Sherlock and John watched on, highly amused, now the detective had his doctor he really didn’t care what happened and much like Mycroft's fondness of Greg's protectiveness, he was fond of the elder Holmes being protective of him.
After a moment, and a punch on the arm from her sister, Beth nodded.
“Back straighter,” John ordered and then returned to prodding his legs with his cane until he was in an appropriate position.
“I want a castle one!”
The older man looked up at the discontent on his brother’s face and he struggled to swallow around the lump in his throat. His chin dropped to his chest again and nothing else was heard from the kneeling figure.
“Sherlock, out now. Or I will kick the door in.”
The doctor cocked his head on one side, regarding the sub. He had the white leather fur-lined cuffs on his wrists and ankles. He had buckled them up, which John was surprised by, but they weren’t to a satisfactory tightness and he was sure his brat was well aware of that. He still had his trousers on and the cock cage which had previously been on the bed was over by the window.
The Dom laughed. “Good boy,” he whispered. He ran his hand through said curls and ticked behind his ear. A shiver ran through the detective and John realised he liked that so he did it again, this time eliciting a purr from the other man. This is how he should be, all quiet and pliant. John’s aim, well John’s aim was to get him like this without the punishment first. He hadn’t been lying when he had said to Sherlock about not liking punishing his subs.
“I was under the impression, boy, that you were meant to be counting, or do they not teach those basic skills at the private school you no doubt attended?”
"Greg, mate, do you want to make him squirm some more?" John asked.
John’s eyes widened in shock, but apart from that he hid his reaction well. “What was that?”
Mrs. Hudson slid in on the other side of Finn. She leaned across him and kissed Siger’s cheek. “I’m so glad you could come along. I haven't been to the beach in ages.”
“You don’t wanna phone a friend?”
"What, boy?" John asked.
Smiling, John tugged on the sub's silver hair, just enough to make the Superintendent shiver. "Go and turn the telly off."
“So? No one gives a fuck. My brother's disappeared and my Dom... well I don't even know what he must think of me right now.”
He still didn’t move. The doctor watched him with fondness. “Oi, pet!” he tried again, determined on getting his sub outside for a bit. “Do you fancy a walk?”
“Can we go now, Mrs. Hudson?” Finn asked, rocking on his seat.
When John joined his pet, it was to find Sherlock sitting on the hard wood floor. "Hold this," he said, handing the sub a cup of hot chocolate with marshmallows. He grabbed a pillow. "Stand up," he said, then he tossed the pillow down. "Sit on that, Sherlock."
Greg threw his head back and groaned, his wrists thrashing around in he cuffs.
Eurus dragged Sherlock across the room. He scrambled, trying to get his feet under him, but didn't succeed before he was thrown down on the floor again. His knees hit the floor with a thud.
Sherlock fought the older man for half of the journey, before he realised he was taking the sub to the play room, then he gave in. He didn't want to make this worse, he knew a strapping was on the end of this trip.
As John had been working, he had asked permission to change position from where he was knelt and had moved to sit down instead. But the doctor had seemed so far from finishing, he had had to ask permission to move again. Both times John had seemed impressed at his sub for asking permission, something he wasn’t accustomed to, because of that he had knocked a mark off his tally both times.
"What do you need, mate?" Greg called through.
"Ooh, that's cruel."
Sherlock seemed distant, angry, but not with John, with himself. That was different. A sub angry with himself? Let alone on the first day.
"The other one is scared of you." Mr. Holmes glanced meaningfully at his eldest son, causing Mrs. Hudson to titter.
“You know why not,” the DI countered, putting his hands on his hips.
The detective narrowed his eyes, trying to deduce again, but John distracted him by slapping him on his arse. "I told you to stop thinking."
“Good.” He walked to Mrs Hudson’s flat and knocked on the door.
John spun around to the floor in front of his sub, tucking his leg in under himself so he could kneel.
"Sir!" Mycroft protested immediately.
Sherlock kept his mouth shut as John dragged him around. He didn't want to screw up, and knew if he did try and speak it would come out as impertinence.
“Thank you, sir,” he whispered.
At that, Sherlock sputtered. "Love her! Look at her. You terrify Irene."
“Finn, come on. Time for breakfast.”
John didn't respond to that, just wrapped his arm around the detective.
Why does Sherlock keep trying to run?
Finn just looked blankly. Then glanced at Siger. “Do I have to wear the suit again?”
Placing each item in the correct drawers with precision, his gaze skittered around his room using the reflection of the mirror to watch for movement. He didn’t know Sherlock was still in here. He knew he had been, but whether he still was or not wasn’t an answer he could currently give. If he was still in here, the only place he could hide would be…
"Ha, ha," Mycroft mocked, he winced as his hair was grabbed and tugged again.
“Shh. Of course I know it wasn't you. I always knew.” He pulled his little brother's head to his neck and held him tightly, as tightly as he could without suffocating him.
The government official let his eyebrow raise in acknowledgment right up until Eurus slapped him.
"I happened?"
"Calm it," John warned his sub with a hand on Sherlock's head. "You definitely do not want to ruin this already. Not with how well you've been behaving the last few days and with Mycroft just before."
. 11.7MB
“When you ran off after that case in the skip yesterday,” he paused because his boy looked up at him guiltily, “I realised I couldn’t just activate the cuffs and lock you wherever you were so I set up your gps.”
A woman seemed to be in charge of the soldiers, when she finished pushing her way through to the front she began clapping. It took a moment but all the soldiers lowered the guns and joined in. The moment she opened her mouth, the detective groaned. It was obvious the woman was an idiot. From the look on the Doctor's face, he knew it too.
Sherlock knew exactly what that meant, despite the pants he had on it was clear to the other two men that he was caged, he ducked his head. “I apologise, sir.” He knew what that meant that bloody chair as well!
"Mm mm," the detective agreed.
Mycroft smiled at the suggestion and agreed readily. He held out his hand, grateful when Greg took it. They left the room together, both of them already half hard from anticipation.
“Oh come on, Mycroft. After all, you love a bit of drama.”
“No. Your Dom!”
He nodded in understanding.
Sherlock shrugged. "Whatever it is, it doesn't appear dangerous." He sucked in a breath. "Unless we're not meant to think they are dangerous." He turned and looked at the thing. "We have been so focused on what these things are that we haven't asked why they are here."
John knew the importance of sleeping lightly, thanks to his time in the army, as he lay on his bed unmoving. He focused on levelling out his breathing, another army trick. If he waited long enough, he would know the truth. If he didn’t catch Sherlock in here, he couldn’t punish him for it. There was no proof that he was or had been, but… if he had, he was not going to enjoy the punishment he had planned. Being in here was against a direct order and he needed to know how serious that was. Even if Sherlock didn’t see it as important, he was still disregarding rules and that was never okay.
Greg looked at him helplessly. Mycroft simply shrugged.
“No, pet.” John's tone was soft yet stern, as he watched his boy acting submissively, more than normal.
Sherlock was nearly convinced the plug John was forcing into him was glass it was that cold, but when it didn't reach his prostate, and just sat there, an uncomfortably wide presence, he knew it was the control plug. It had been left in the freezer and a shiver ran through Sherlock originating at his arse.
"My cock, sir. Please touch it."
"We have your attention now?" Greg asked. "Good."
The older man raised an eyebrow. “Can you what?” he enquired.
John snatched his phone up from the table. He scrolled through the details until he found the message that Sherlock had sent. Locating the dead lady's number, he thumbed the call button and held it to his ear.
Sherlock stepped forward, the upturned collar of his coat making him look far more dangerous than he had been before. “Try it,” he whispered quietly.
“Um, boys. Breakfast first,” Mrs. Hudson called the three of them back. Finn had already reached the bedroom.
"I'm sorry, sir." Another tear leaked from his eye, but he still didn't snap his fingers. "You should do whatever you see fit, sir."
"That's why we are going inside. I think it's my uncle Joe. He was a real bastard. He had anger issues. Issues that make me look like Gandhi."
Sherlock stayed facing the back of the sofa.
“But, sir- I'm not a murderer! I was nowhere near-” If he could just clarify things to his Dom maybe things would be easier. Or at least seem it.
He froze at the door looking around in amusement, then froze in surprise when warm air blasted him from somewhere.
“Yeah. It does that too. Since Sherlock experimented with ice, door keys and the waffle machine. You’d think since waffles are the only thing he will eat without complaining that he would leave the thing alone that makes them.”
John looked over at Greg, surprised. "Really? I never figured you to be one for power plays, well, outside our relationships."
Sherlock's hand paused at the head of his cock and ran his thumb over the head, pausing to dip the tip of it into his slit.
"No, sir."
Sherlock continued to watch the world go by in a blur. Why did John take him out? Let him go out on cases in public? All he did was embarrass the Dom and let him down. Wouldn't keeping a troublesome submissive at home be a safer route? Nearly everything John did confused him. He could never find rhyme nor reason for most of his decisions and it irked him.
Some flufffffffffffff and some other stuff
“You mean to tell me you didn’t come with your previous Doms? At all?”
Download from
"John, you ok?" Greg asked leaning over.
"Why am I like this?" Sherlock asked his friend. "Why do I always push too far? I always have." He looked incredibly dejected and so very young.
Moriarty got up and slid the back door open. Sherlock got a quick glimpse at New Scotland Yard across the road as another man climbed in.
He also concluded they were definitely not people. Not human people at any rate. He needed to know where they had come from, and why? What was whoever was behind this hoping to gain? Because he was certain there was someone behind this. It wasn't a natural phenomenon, it was too regimented.
Irenes terrified expression turned to horrified one instead.
“Pet, when was the last time you were in subspace?”
He couldn't believe that was what he wanted. He didn't want a perfect Sherlock, just a good one. Maybe they could get back to that equilibrium one day. Soon.
When Greg and Mycroft returned it was to find John sat on the floor and Sherlock curled into him.
Sherlock opened his mouth immediately and John thrust his cock in, coming at once. He had orgasmed before Sherlock had a chance to bite him. When he pulled out, he enjoyed the stunned look on his pet's face. "Thank you, boy, that was delightful and I didn't want to make a mess."
“Helping to soothe the pain you no doubt feel at the moment.” He was pointing out the obvious. Wasn’t that something that Sherlock detested? And yet he had asked the question, genuinely wanting an answer.
John struck him twice more, then twice more again and Sherlock was remaining stubbornly silent.
He shoved his brother back into the bedroom and shut the door behind him, he should leave them alone for this bit.
Aware he’d already said he’d cooperate, Sherlock raised his hands and was unsurprised when his wrists locked together behind his head. He was surprised when John stood behind him and wrapped a piece of rope(?), by the feel of it, against his fingers, around the gap between his wrists and the D ring on his collar.
“You're not done yet,” he said, leaning back again to watch the show.
Sherlock finds out what having a Dom can be good for
"Upwards?"
"Bollocks are so handy," Irene commented. "They're so out there, begging to be abused." She started rummaging through the trunk. "See, this is exactly what I mean." She held up a ball crusher for Eurus to look at."
The boy just kept laughing.
Mycroft was clipped behind the ear by his own Dom to shut him up.
Download from
“Yes, sir.” Sherlock stared at the floor, wanting to be anywhere but here. Wanting the ground to open and swallow him up.
"That's why I intend to stay on her good side. But answer time this, Ice Man, what's it like not being in control?"
As if thinking deeply, Sherlock walked slowly back towards the table, he snatched up the bottle that was closest to the man that was sat down.
Sherlock turned his glare on Mycroft.
His expression brightened immediately.
John grinned back at the detective. "Ok. Yeah. Ok." He reached out and tousled Finn's hair.
"Yup." He scooped up a spoon of ice cream and flew it like an aeroplane into Mycroft's mouth.
The younger Holmes blinked at that, Mycroft's expression said he resolutely believed it. But… “It wasn't my choice. It isn't a sub's decision how they are touched or used.”
“Do you have any idea how good you were for me last night?” John asked. Sherlock looked away sheepishly. “I know you think you did wrong.” John couldn’t see why the sub would think that, but understood that abusive relationships did weird things, esoecially to the sub. It was clearly wrong, to him as a Dom. But for Sherlock, his past experiences with relationships wasn’t good at all and didn’t help to clarify black and white lines. Lines that had been crossed more than once if the younger man’s response was anything to go by. “But you could not have behaved any better.”
“What’s up, pet?”
"Really?"
Irene frowned. "What's the matter?"
The boy let his head hang in defeat, he couldn’t struggle, not with the rope around his cock. Which was clearly the idea.
“It means a lot you going to my place yourself, rather then sending someone.”
“No, sir,” he sighed. “There’s a difference.”
Both Doms stepped back to watch as Sherlock shifted and moved, making a point of suckling on the fake cock in his mouth.
"You chose a walk on the beach. At no point did I give you a specific time that that walk would occur."
"I... er... Really?"
“15!” Sherlock exclaimed.
Sherlock's toes wriggled with every tap as did his fingers. Along with his arse clenching, that was about the only visible reaction he gave. Inside, however, he felt like his insides were melting from electrical overload.
"I'm sorry, sir," Sherlock whispered.
"It's never aimed at me though," the way Sherlock said it made the statement sound more like a question than it should have done.
“Well I was happy for him to be just with you,” he glanced over to his sub who was now skittering around the women on the floor looking like his life depended on it. “But he wanted me to come, I was quite surprised, pleasantly so and I could hardly say no to that puppy look of his.”
Mycroft knelt up between the Superintendent's legs.
Sherlock opened one eye. “I’m busy.” Then he closed it again, trying to get back to his Mind Palace.
Sherlock kept his eyes averted, he was sure he could make this easier on Mycroft if he didn't watch.
“Both Mycroft and I did. We had no choice. Mycroft had a choice... father insisted he be allowed to choose his own path, but when... when she started doing things to me, I had no choice, father insisted I go.”
"Walk properly," Greg barked. "You're the British Government, act like it!"
Mycroft turned his attention back to his own Dom, his head lowered slightly. Now Sherlock was a tad better, he felt guilty for the night before.
John licked his lips and almost thanked him again but he stopped himself. “Cool,” he said. “I’ll take you up on that offer Mr. Holmes.”
The next few days went by in a blur. John dedicated his last days to spending time with Sherlock. They went to museums, an aquarium, out to eat, and anywhere that they wanted to go. It was their time to spend together and there was nothing that was going to stop them.
John nodded and got out of the car. “Yes sir,” he said. Before he shut the door he sighed. ‘Thank you again for dinner, and tonight. I had fun.”
Sherlock didn’t understand anything about the game of rugby and he wasn’t sure why he told John he was going to make it. He knew exactly why. John had that charming smile that made Sherlock give him anything you want. It was a rather big downfall for a teacher that was supposed to be so cold to his students.
John was right. Everything was going to be okay. They would still be together. John would be fine.
Sherlock licked his lips and nodded. “Yeah, you can stay over,” he said, pressing a kiss to his forehead. “Of course you can. I can’t kick you out.” He pressed a kiss to his lips.
Sherlock couldn't help but laugh gently. "How are you acting like the adult when I'm here being selfish?"
Sherlock smiled, kissing him again, pressing him back against the sofa. John grinned, running his hands under his shirt and feeling his warm soft skin.
Sherlock winced when he saw John get tackled. He watched the teen, waiting for him to get up but he didn’t move. His mouth went dry. John wasn’t moving.
Sherlock nodded and picked up his jacket. “If you hurry you won’t have to run after my car,” he said, handing it to the teen before going to the door.
Instead of answering the question Sherlock said, “I was enjoying seeing you so relaxed,” he admitted. He nuzzled against his neck, humming softly.
“Yes sir,” John said as he leaned back in the seat.
Slowly John started to look around the house. Everything was there still. All their furniture, all their pictures. He went to his father’s room and saw that everything was still in place.
“I do too,” John laughed, rubbing his stomach. “I could have ate another serving of those noodles. She’s really good at selling them.”
"I didn't tell you because honestly I forgot about it and for the longest time I didn't think anything like this would happen," John told him before he could go further. He turned so he could face him. "When I signed up it was so I could get out of my father's house. I didn't want to stay in this horrible town anymore. This was all before...."
Sherlock licked his lips, swallowing a small lump in his throat. “Yes, I figured he couldn’t get home on his own and his father couldn’t make it, I might as well help out the best I can.”
“Also try to remember what those guys look like,” Sherlock said. “I want to get them before they get someone else. Understand?”
John looked up at him, his eyes wide as he tried to calm down. “I…I…I don’t have anything else,” he huffed. He slowly sat down on the floor. “Rugby is all I have. There are only three games left. I was just defending myself.”
John grinned and turned around, running into the small lake they stopped at. He dove into the icy cold water. When he resurfaced he let out a small yell. “Oh god, that’s cold,” he said. He looked at Sherlock who was laughing his butt off. “Come join me.”
John didn’t know that all that was actually wrong with him. He hadn’t been able to take a proper look at himself.  He might as well tell. “I was mugged on the way to school,” he told him. “I think they were people from here too but I’m not too sure. They weren’t wearing a uniform or anything.” He rubbed his knuckles where they were bruised. “I got them back.”
He made his way to the stands and found a seat towards the end. There was no need to sit right in the center of everything. He checked the time, happy that the match was almost ready to start. The players were soon out on the field and Sherlock grinned when he saw John.
Sherlock pressed his hand against his chest when he tried to get up. “No, lets stay in bed for a bit more. Time doesn’t pass while we’re here.”
Later that day at lunch Sherlock found John sitting with his friend Mike at a table, the teen didn’t look too happy. Sherlock quickly went to where he was and leaned against the table. “Mr. Watson, I got some great news,” he said.
Sherlock sighed and nodded. “Of course, Mr. Watson,” he said. “Have a nice night.”
"You're not being selfish, trust me this is something everyone worries about," John told him. "I don't want to be deployed as much as you don't want me to. But if it happens then I will take it and I will do it with as much pride and courage as I can. The army will train me to become a better person, to be able to fight. I will be fine."
Sherlock nodded, tapping against the wheel. “I would have to disagree with you on that one.”
John swatted his hand away with a laugh. “I am not,” he said. “That’s just my snack for later.”
Sherlock let out a small sigh, knowing that John had a rough relationship with his father. He didn’t know what caused their problems and he didn’t want to ruin the night by bringing it up. “Alright,” he smiled. “I’m happy you chose me to be your birthday companion.”
He decided to just stay put. Let John be the kid he was.
Sherlock sighed and pushed a few things from his desk. He tugged at his hair and groaned. What was wrong with him? Why did he seem to hate the fact that John had a date? He dropped his head on the desk and rubbed his eyes.
“Thank you Mr. Watson,” Sherlock grinned.
John hurried to make it up to Sherlock’s classroom. He didn’t want to be late on his first day to detention. He knocked on the door before slipping in. “Mr. Holmes,” he said, smiling when he saw him behind his desk packing up his back. “I’m ready for whatever you want me to do.”
"John, you don't have to," Hugo told him. "Please. I need you."
“Fine, fine,” Sherlock said, holding up his hands. “I’m just worried. My favorite student was knocked out.”
Sherlock watched as John hurried through the crowd. He frowned at that, wondering where he was going so quickly. Then he spotted the man that could only be John's dad. He had never met the man before. He didn't think now would be the best time to introduce himself as John's boyfriend. But as a teacher it would be fine.
“What’s so funny Mr. Watson?” Sherlock asked as he bent forward.
Sherlock had been working for the past few hours, grading papers and reading essays. He knew John was growing bored but that's why he was doing it. They were the finals from all his classes, the last he had to do. The more he got done now the more time he could spend with John during the day and that night. He already had something special planned for after his graduation. It was going to be something they both wanted to do for a while.
John didn’t know what to do. Every corner he turned he was expecting to see his father but every time he was disappointed.
“I can definitely try that Mr. Holmes,” John said with a small smile. He glanced at his teacher and sighed. “We should be heading back to class. You know how we get when there’s not a teacher in the room.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow before shaking his head. He stood up once he was done and grabbed his jacket. “Let’s go,” he hummed before leading him out of the room.
John ran out onto the field, feeling great about the game they were about to play. He scanned the stands before the match started, spotting Sherlock at the end. He grinned like an idiot, giving him a small wave.
Sherlock sighed and slowly sat back down. He scrubbed his eyes and took in a deep breath. What was he thinking? John was a student. He couldn’t be thinking about kissing the boy like that. He put his glasses back on and went back to grading until the bell rang.
John nodded with a shrug. “I think I can handle that,” he said. “We have all the supplies correct?”
Sherlock smiled and slipped from the hood. “Come on then,” he said, slipping into his car. John got in soon after him, a grin splitting his face. “So, good night so far?”
Sherlock unrolled the window. “Get some rest and warm up,” he called after him. “Goodnight Mr. Watson.”
He made his way out to his car, hoping John made it home before it started raining. He climbed into his car and started it. He decided he would just go the long way home to see if John made it there. He couldn’t keep it out of his mind.
John opened his mouth to say something but Sherlock stood up. “Class is dismissed early,” the teacher said.
“No rush,” John smiled, running his fingers through his hair. “I have all night.”
“How did you know that?” John asked with a small laugh.
They were silent on the way there; they couldn’t even hear the other breathing. Sherlock wished he could say something. Maybe a sorry would do but then he would have to admit what he was thinking to John.
Sherlock nodded and stood up. “Get changed for bed, we can pop in a movie. Relax some,” he said, pecking his lips.
“I’m sure your friends would not enjoy you spending your eighteenth birthday with me,” Sherlock said, shaking his head. He was doing his best to keep himself in check. He didn’t want to be too excited that John wanted to spend another night out with him.
Sherlock licked his lips and glanced down at their hands before looking at his face again. “That’s all they do,” he whispered, leaning in halfway, glancing at John’s lips then to his eyes.
John was silent, his lip pulled between his teeth and his eyes wide as saucers. His mind was fuzzy and he'd gone mute. His heart twisted and he shook his head, blubbering with tears.
Dog in heat, eh? John had been livid. Not often did he shout at his dom anymore, but that was too much for even him to handle. Self control had gone out the window.
"Night Daddy," She muttered, eyes closed and mouth open. John flicked off her light switch, turning on the night-light globe on her chest of drawers before closing her door behind him with a click and hurriedly descending the stairs. Sherlock was just where he left him, kneeling on John's chairs, up off his ankles to protect his sensitive bum. Even from here John could see his curly mop shivering. He smiled and approached, reaching down from behind and nuzzling into his neck, Sherlock shrieking out a tiny squeal at the tickle.
"I can't bloody well turn my ears off- ow!" John squeaked as Sherlock's backhand hit him square on the mouth. Sherlock clicked his tongue and shook his head in such a condescending matter, John was sure that he'd throttle him if it weren't for the cuffs behind his back.
John closed his eyes. Nope, not even gonna think about that conversation down the road. He sighed as he tucked her into the covers, brushing her bangs from her forehead and pressing a kiss there.
"I'm a monster, John. I've killed people!"
Sherlock swallowed and set the sack down on the floor, rushing to the window, peeking out at the street, the lamps flickering to life in the dusk.
"Is Locky crying?" She said sweetly and John brushed it off with a smile.
"I didn't do anything wrong
"Sherlock?"
"Silly boy," John chuckled, Sherlock's smile faint as he absorbed John's laughter through his skin, like his memories of sunshine. John was his sun, his perfect sun that never hurt him.
A lesson needed to be learned. But that didn't mean Sherlock had to
John was so lovely.
It hadn't been his fault at all, John thought with a pang of frustration as he knelt in the kitchen. His collar felt loose on his throat,  and his chin touched his chest, his eyes shut tight. Sherlock had told him not to listen to the conversation he'd had with his brother, as if John could simply stop listening! How could he assist without collecting all the information he could? He could've pulled off pretending, he thought, if the conversation hadn't been about him!
"Sherlock, calm down! She said he hit you, is that true?" Sherlock's cheeks went dark pink instantly, frozen with his mouth open slightly and his eyes wide. Greg's stomach twisted.
Sherlock purred, bonelessly curling himself into John's warm embrace. He tucked his nose into his John's neck, their legs entangled beneath the cozy blankets. He was sated and his parted lips were a deep maroon, dark against his porcelain skin. The smell of sex still hung in the air and he gulped it down heavily.
John looked angry, and Sherlock's chest was getting rather tight. Was he having some sort of breathing abnormality? He furrowed his brows, his throat closing and his eyes tearing.
"What's this about, love?"
Sherlock immediately began sucking and kissing at John's neck, the sweet and lovely smell of
"You said that the last time, love, and was acute sun-sickness a fun experience for you?"
Creaking weight on the steps was instantly recognized and John paled, swallowing a lump in his throat as he shivered. Being naked, exposed and kneeling for Mycroft Holmes to see him in his disgace was mortifying. John could feel his cheeks pinken.
" Mycroft mocked with pure unadulterated glee, ruffling at John's air even as Sherlock returned. John squinted and growled.
so delicious. Like cedarwood and gunpowder and cinnamon. Sherlock's teeth began to grow as he lapped, and he excitedly bit down, sinking into the warm heat, sucking a sloshing mouthful of coppery blood, a few drops dribbling out of the corners of his mouth.
Sherlock growled, his coat collar turned up and his hands tucked in his pockets. He gave the "24/7 convenience" sign a withering stare.
Sherlock hmmed in the affirmative, burrowing deeper into John's warm armpit.
"Feel the wrath of the Lord, you demon!" He felt the silver blade slice across his cheek. He shouted as they rained attacks on him, his screams silent through the sheer horror of it.
Sherlock stood. He'd make it up to John, he'd be good. He'd get John's favourite jam and do the laundry and he wouldn't drink at all for at least the rest of the week.
"twothankyousir," He mumbled, his voice high and soft in pain. His throat was burning with tears, his lip trembling as he pressed his forehead into the hard wood desk, his nostrils flaring.
"Mmmm, love you too,"
"You did such a good job, baby, such a good job," He pulled Sherlock's head to his knee, his quietly sniffling nose pressed into his thigh, and John hushed him gently as he carded through his curls, leaning down and savoring their sweet minty smell. "You're so precious, baby, and I am so proud of you," Sherlock whimpered and cralwed onto John's lap, nose tucked into his neck, smarting bum placed in the gap between John's legs, knees bent into the sides of John's chair, their fronts pressed together as John pet his nape, a kiss finding it's way to the crown of his head. Halfway between subspace and subdrop, John gently guided him upwards with his voice, and Sherlock followed, floaty and thoughtless. Everything gone but Jawn. Jawn was proud of him, Jawn said he was good.
"Granted."
John's warm callused palms traced along Sherlock's nude skin, pausing on his waist, fingering along the bullet-shaped scar on his sternum, admiring him like the precious possession he was.
"Okay, we've gotta get you home, I'll make you some soup."
"Sherlock! Can you at least try to clean up? You've got blood all over the carpet, Jesus," John gagged, the carpet squishy under his shoes, the drained cat carcass on the rug was looking right at him. "Sherlock!"
"Sherlock. You don't want to turn me, that's alright, I understand that."
marvelous
"Alright, explain,"
"Not much," She hugged her knees, tugging a blonde pigtail between her teeth, chomping on the fibers. "I couldn't sleep, heard slapping, heard Locky crying, and I- I heard Daddy shouting, and when I asked Daddy he wouldn't answer me, he wouldn't. He's hiding something, Lestwade, I know it. And this morning Lock Lock wouldn't sit down, his bum hurt,"
"Do you know how lovely eternity would be with you? I'd give anything for it, Sherlock, anything. Anything to never have to say goodbye. Never have to stop pestering you about your experiments in the bloody fridge. And it doesn't have to be now, we still have a few years, alright?"
John shuffled on his knees, his head dizzy with blood flow in the position. His punishment wasn't over, why was Sherlock leaving? His thoughts were hazy and his vision was colouring.
"Shh Shh Shh," John hushed him, warm steadying hand rubbing the dip of his back, "You're almost done, sweetheart, just one more, baby, then we're all done" Sherlock trembled beneath him, body wracked with cries, his bum a canvas of lashes, some a purpleing crimson. John pulled his arm back and delivered a punishing final stroke. Sherlock let out a torn sob.
," John whispered, eyes soft and kind.
"Mycroft, sir, I-" John had barely spoken when the collar zapped, his neck exploding with pain, burning his skin and throbbing through his bones in a sharp ache. He groaned, falling forward on his hands and knees to growl through it, his shame only increasing. Mycroft tutted and Sherlock sighed apologetically.
"a-t-il mérité une friandise?" Mycroft laughed, circling John and eyeing him with amusement. John's skin only turned pinker.
"Yes sir," Sherlock breathed, his face pressed sideways onto the tabletop. The younger man shook, his curls dipping in front of his pressed-closed eyelids. He sucked in a breath, bracing himself. John raised his arm and brought the folded leather strap down with a
"Hi Greg. Rosamund Mary, what did I say about not staying in my line of sight?" John raised his eyebrow and Greg turned to meet Rosie's urging eyes. At that moment Sherlock also appeared in the doorway.
"Wait! John!"
"I think my Daddy is hurting Lock," She said quickly, blinking at a now
Sherlock didn't reply, only hissed through the cramps.
"GO BACK TO BED IT'S 8 AM SHERLOCK!" Came the reply from in the sitting room, the tune of 'monster mash' just happening to come up on John's playlist. Sherlock huffed and swung himself out of their bed, tugging on his dressing gown and groaning as he stretched, his skin itchy and his nerves jumpy.
"Good boy," John muttered and Sherlock let out a shaky breath at the warm praise, pride and softness flickering over his skin in a hot blush. His mind was fading from him, he realized slowly, drowzily, solely because he was on his knees. Kneeling before his husband, his dominant, simply the thought of that power was enough to make him floaty. He blinked and looked up to John, eyes soft and child-like.
He slumped down into John's chair, nose pressed to the fabric that smelled so sweet and familiar. He hiccuped wildy through sobs, his cheeks wet and hot and itchy and he cried even harder at how horrible it all was.
"Ages ago? I- Sherlock! You almost
"Y'alright, love?" John murmured, brushing through Sherlock's soft fluffy hair.
"I'm not fighting you, I don't want to hurt you, please!"
"Just a domestic violence inquiry report, darling, just to gather some facts. I know this must be difficult for you, but can you tell me what you saw?"
!" Sherlock admonished and John shrieked when something thick bashed his nose. He blinked and looked up at Sherlock who held a cup and saucer of tea in one hand, and a rolled up magazine in the other. Did he just do that?
"You don't know?" John quirked an eyebrow and Sherlock blushed in that oh-so-faint way of his.
"You boys can go, but if you lay another finger on him, I won't aim for your leg."
"Well then I don't think you're lying,"
"I forget," He mumbled shyly.
"I'm sorry, John," He whispered finally, face twisted in shame. He'd done it again. The one thing he would never do again. It wasn't that he'd done it on purpose! It was the brother! Obviously! He had just needed to catch him before he could leave the country, and he was
"Am I-? No, Sherlock, upstairs
Sherlock peeked his eyes up to see the open empty cupboard, and whimpered. He hadn't done the shopping. Oh God, John must
Mycroft knelt down and scurffled his hair, John's eyerowd digging into a glare. He'd never try that when Sherlock was watching! Mycroft only grinned to himself, and the sight of Mycroft grinning was enough to freak John the fuck out.
"Just need to have a private conversation, that's all," He spoke cooly and calmly and Sherlock immediately sensed the tension in the room, the curly-haired beanpole nodding at his husband to go along without him. John gave Greg a skeptical glance before grasping Rosie by the hand and leaving, the door clicking shut behind them and sending the room into silence.
"is Rosie okay?" The detective's eyes were on Greg in a flurry of deductions, his eyes widening when he saw the incident report beneath Greg's folded hands.
Stupid body. Just because I was angry does not mean it is okay to get sad.
The rules of the game had been laid out to John, but he had a feeling he wouldn't win.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
"Stay," Sherlock barked as he pulled out his phone and held it to his ear, lips drawn tight in annoyance.
"Oh, someone is in sparkling form today," Sherlock deadpanned, second hand slapping hard and quickly across John's cheek.
"Eyes down, boy," He slapped his bare hand across Sherlock's face, with a growl and Sherlock yelped, turning to the floor quickly, He moved his hand to grab a fistful of curls, tugging him harshly upwards, "stand up, clothes off, and I want them folded
"Oh thank God, I knew she hadn't left he building, hello Graham,"
"Sherlock, I'm not angry with you," John whispered reverently, eyes soft and understanding and Sherlock wanted to cry.  "We should call the police, Sherlock,"
?" Came a snarl from the angry passerby and Sherlock froze. Crucifix around his neck, switchblade in his pocket (balance of probability says it's pure silver) and the horrible stench of holy water coming from all three of his friends.
"Yes, my John?" Sherlock popped into the kitchen, white dress shirt drenched in blood.
“What is it, pet?”
"He did, didn't he?" The Superintendent turned on John. "He called us blokes."
He was expecting an argument not a “Yes, sir” from the boy.
Growling to himself John moved to the gag shelf he had against one wall.
When they entered the second playroom, they both smiled to see the sub still snoring softly.
“No. Well... a few, mainly yours..”
She got to her feet, her chair falling back as she slammed her hands into the desk. “You little shit! I know it was you!” She slapped him across the face and Sherlock bit his lip. “You know it was you! Why are you trying to act all innocent?” She was a split second from striking the sub again when the door slammed open and there was a sharp,
The switch didn't argue, determined to conduct himself better whilst they were on holiday. He put his hands behind his back and waited for what would come next. He wasn't surprised when his wrists were cuffed there.
There was no response, but rather than get angry, he moved his toe slightly, lifting Sherlock’s head up and making the younger man groan in annoyance.
, it was for a case, John wouldn’t be bothered about that. One last check over his shoulder confirmed they were still arguing. It wouldn’t take him long anyway. 5 minutes driving distance around the area would be the same as 5 minutes walking distance in central London.
Greg had snuck up on Mycroft with a Wartenburgh Wheel in hand. Without warning, he ran it along the length of his boy's spine, the little spikes pricking lightly at the government official's flesh. Mycroft gave a shudder, his cock attempting to fill out in its cage.
It wasn't long before Sherlock was turned sideways on the sofa, his head in John's lap and his leg resting up on pillows. His ankle was wrapped in iced bandages and his knee had an ice pack resting on it. He was dosing in and out of awareness, John having given him some strong painkillers. He knew he'd have to keep an eye on Sherlock's mental reaction to such strong medication but he couldn't go on seeing Sherlock in so much pain and not saying a word.
John shook his head in disappointment and pushed the gag between his lips.
"I'm sad to say, Gregory made me swear on both our cages I'd have you back up there for food by 7."
"Yes, sir," he repeated.
"Was it tough, seeing your brother in trouble that way?" John asked, trying to tempt some conversation out of the boy.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," he said quickly.
Sherlock watched his brother for a long while. “I want it so loud mother hears it and gets to know what she is missing.”
Sherlock frowned at being treated like a baby. It was his leg that wasn't working not his hands. When Sherlock was dressed, John crouched down in front of him, cupping his cheeks in his hands. "Pet, I know you're going through something right now. You're thinking about something or regretting something, or maybe you're just sore, but you need to remember it's my job to take care of you. Can you at least tell me you understand that?"
"I'd prefer a more... Neutral shop, Irene."
John forced him over one of the taller benches. “Keep still,” he hissed down at him.
"Why am I the git? I've not done anything!"
Sherlock blinked stupidly for a moment, caught off guard at being addressed so casually. John had obviously spoken a lot about him to this new Domme.
"What was that?"
The Dom smiled as Sherlock sighed in obvious relief, his eyes dropping along with his head into a more submissive posture.
A second later he was returning with a glass. He made Sherlock sip it slowly and took the glass from him when it was empty. “Go!” he pointed.
Sherlock couldn't help but think Irene wanted something. He took the fucking for a moment before deciding he should give her what she obviously so desperately needed.
“Am not!” Mycroft blushed, putting all his attention into his coffee rather than his dom.
“Present.”
“Yes, sir. It's not a difficult leap.”
For the first time since becoming a professional Dom, John had the urge to stop on 11 rather than continue to the end. The boy in front of him was broken, completely. He was no longer full of fire and rage like he was a few hours ago. He looked lost. Yes, subs were usually quiet during punishment, but meek? Meek wasn’t a word John would associate with Sherlock Holmes after the way his brother had described him. He knew he couldn’t stop, that wasn’t part of his job. Sherlock would still feel guilty until his punishment had ended. It wasn’t at an end at 11.
“Try me.”
Beta read by sherlockian4evr
“Boy!” John barked.
Greg produced some ice from somewhere and John pressed it to Sherlock's bollocks.
“Yes, sir,” the sub repeated. He didn’t like this, not at all, but at the moment he saw no alternative especially after the way he had treated the Dom so far that morning.
The boy’s eyes widened slightly before he nodded. “Yes, sir.”
The detective nodded once, trying to get to his knees beside John's armchair, the doctor grabbed him by the scruff of the neck, just stopping him from dropping to the floor.
“Hmm.” Sherlock had never felt so good, there was the usual bubble around him but it was calm and empty, there was nothing to concern him or anything for him to worry about, it was like seeing everything from the outside in.
John and Sherlock got in the seats facing the others. The detective leant forward and took the straps from his father’s hand, finishing buckling Finn into the seat. “It’s a pain in the bum.”
The moment Greg saw John, he gave him a wink and a huge grin. "Congratulations, mate."
"Sir?"
“Come on, pet,” John ordered, raising his hand as soon as his boy was released. Sherlock scrambled the few inches to John's side, he stayed on his knees but wrapped his arms around his legs, holding on as if for dear life, the Dom was quite happy to let him stay there for a moment, he seemed to get enough comfort from the action alone. He waited until the sub pulled away on his own and pressed his mobile into his hands.
"No!"
“Politely, boy!”
10 minutes later saw Sherlock trembling, with no shirt on, as he sat on the edge of a chair, ready to bolt at any moment. John continued to examine him whilst Mycroft had insisted on remaining with his little brother as his men dealt with Wilkes. Once the detective had caught hold of Mycroft’s hand, he had refused to let go, the British Government didn’t mind even as Greg stood behind him with his own hands resting on his shoulders. They were there for comfort but also to keep him from dropping, the action wasn’t working. The more Sherlock whimpered and pulled away in fear or pain, the closer to Panic Mycroft was getting. It wasn’t long until Greg’s sub had pulled his hand free from his brother and moved to the nearest item of furniture, launching it across the room. Neither Dom was mad, it was just a form in which Panic liked to present itself. Sometimes there was quite worried behaviour, others there were uncharacteristic traits like anger. Sherlock cowered back in fear and John knew he needed to deal with one Holmes to get anywhere with the other, even if his trust in himself wasn’t great right now.
“Well as much as I don’t want to... especially after last night, I should speak with Mycroft.”
Greg swallowed awkwardly and shrugged just as John pumped the fleshlight, twice, hard. He inhaled in sharply as his hips started thrusting up seemingly of their own volition. "Jesus, John!"
Sherlock ignored it, but John didn't. "You're crying."
As cautiously as he could John tapped the cuff controls for them to separate. To his surprise, Sherlock's hands went straight to his neck, interlocking behind his head. He quickly joined them to his collar, not taking any chances now that his shirt and jacket had slid free. He threw them over the bench.
On return, Sherlock wasn’t where he’d left him. As he opened the door and looked around, the boy was curled up in the corner, looking very cat-like.
The DI glanced up in shock and panic at the sound of the alarm in custody blaring. The cells... he knew what the problem was already, or rather who. “Sherlock!” He kicked his chair back and threw the door open, by the time he made it across the building and down the stairs, 3 uniformed officers were in Sherlock's cell. Two were pinning him down while the third cuffed his wrists behind him first, then his feet, trying to immobilise him as quickly and efficiently as possible, remaining in the law at all times.
"Shut up!" Eurus shouted.
“Sir, that's not fair!”
"The contract getting extended. Is it causing a problem? Because it's a rolling weekly. You can be out of it on Sunday."
A month later and not a lot had changed. Finn still slept between them, they’d tried several times to get him to sleep on his own but he was having none of it. It was inconvenient to certain bedroom activities and their routines had to be changed regarding said activities, but both Sherlock and John agreed that the young boy's peace of mind was worth it.
"What?"
“Right, cane next, boy.”
“Don't look at me like that, Sherlock. I'm furious with you!” His sub clearly didn't realise it so it needed saying.
Eurus laughed, but Irene looked momentarily horrified. The Dominatrix quickly hid her reaction, however.
Download from
Mycroft looked away and bit his lip.
“He never wants too. But speaking of which,” John grabbed Finn from Greg’s lap. “Breakfast, munchkin. Mycroft can you find your brother please. He’s been in the bathroom nearly an hour.”
“You are well aware your brother is coming over in an hour, behave through that and we shall go from there.”
"I don't see it," Mycroft said, shaking his head as he was handcuffed. "What does Irene have to do with our sister?"
“Dorable!” Finn laughed.
“Thank you, sir,” he said his voice full of gratitude. “For letting me have it today I mean, sir,” he clarified.
"It's okay, pet." John smoothed down Sherlock's curls. "I didn't realise how much it meant to you and I certainly didn't mean to hurt you."
He was lifted up onto the bunk and strapped to it, so he couldn't fight anymore. His collar was attached to the eye hole in the wood and he grunted, only trying to tug himself free once.
He turned into Greg's arm and rested his head on his shoulder.
“I will uncuff you. When I do, your hands go straight to the back of your neck. Nowhere else. If I can't trust you now, you are well aware that your punishment could be made worse.”
Sherlock smirked, pleased with himself, “I do apologise, sir.”
"Stop!" Irene yelled next.
“I think you’re right about staying here, until the case is solved at any rate.”
The government official glanced over at his sister and did the right thing of not replying.
John smiled at Greg's tender ministrations and gently removed the plug from Mycroft's hole. "I expect you're going to carry this one to bed, aren't you?"
“He's not a suspect!” She snapped at her boss. “You know it was him. Your pet is a murderer.”
"No, I didn't think so." He pulled him away from the wall and shoved him back into the play room. "If you won't stay on your knees, I will make you."
"Trust me. You will eat."
"That terrorist threat? Yes, it happened. Westminster tube was bombed, sorry you missed it."
Greg nodded once, that made sense.
The doctor raised his hand and clipped him on the back of the head. “Behave, boy,” he said but his voice held no real threat in it.
John appeared behind him. “Babe?”
"I've had years of practice."
“Make that 20. Now get into bed.”
The government official rolled his eyes. John just chuckled and brought them both their coffee before going back for his own.
"To get what you want."
John smiled in satisfaction. Maybe it was vindictive of him, but he was enjoying seeing her so discomfited.
John untied him from the bench and pulled him to the floor by his curls.
Cautiously he walked over. John had removed his leash when they were downstairs rather than tug him up by it. He had taken his hand and pulled him towards the door. Sherlock hadn’t questioned why, but he guessed that he’d been forgiven for his little climbing escapade this morning. Now that John knew why and knew he was safe, he seemed more impressed and amused than pissed off at finding his sub outside.
"Elegant, brother-mine."
“Weak subs.”
“Not for much longer,” John snapped back. “I assume you are a Detective Constable at New Scotland Yard.”
“Y-yes, sir.”
“No, sir, I um… I’m not really sure where it came from.” That sentence just made John laugh even more.
“I'm liking this idea less and less," Mycroft muttered.
“Save it, boy! I told you what would happen if you came without permission! I warned you several times and yet you’ve still disobeyed me.”
"I was expecting a rant, pet," John offered when they were settled in the back of his car. "Home please, George." John had had his driver collect them rather than wait around for a cab. Sherlock seemed to be the only one of the pair who could materialise a cab from nowhere and there was something going on there.
Sherlock joined them in the kitchen and looked in the bowl. "Where's the chocolate chips?"
Sherlock tried to glare at his Dom over his shoulder, but obviously couldn't.
"The last time he was here, a school got blown up, or did you forget that little detail?"
Greg sighed. "I'll deal with yours. The brat that he is. The DI went over to Sherlock and began flicking the pegs that still clung to his cock. After a bit, he started knocking them off one by one.
. 12.36MB
"Oh he is, is he?"
The sub stuck out his lip, but did as he was told.
Sherlock scrambled to his feet and was racing out the door, when he heard the usual magnetic click of John’s box and his arms snapped together behind his back, successfully gaining the sub’s attention.
"Yes, sir," he agreed readily, "can I suck you now?"
“How do you know my so-called loving brother so well?”
He got himself into position and began his usual evening spanking. After 5 strokes, he had to remind his boy that he should be counting and ended up starting from the beginning.
"No you don't," Eurus said pacing around her brother, she pulled out a chunk of wood from the crop, giving a nice view of his arse.
"Naughty, naughty," John said into his pet's ear.
He smiled shakily. “I didn’t mean to be rude, sir, honest I didn’t. I don’t know what came over me.”
The detective didn't respond so John placed his hands either side of his face. "Sherlock. Babe?"
“Nope. It’s mine, sir. Angelo faced a spot of bother as a young man, I got him out of a tight corner.”
“This conversation is getting boring.” He had said one sentence, but still…
The following morning was odd. John had laid in bed, listening to Sherlock shift constantly whilst trying to decide how he was going to handle the situation. The punishment would be prolonged so there was no comfort in between, he would drag it out, force Sherlock to feel sorry for himself and become apologetic. The problem was Sherlock just didn’t seem to care. It wasn’t him being naughty, it was him being annoyed, but whatever it was, it would not make a difference. The boy hadn’t safe worded, he’d bloody well take what John dealt out and this would all be over when the brat felt truly sorry.
Sherlock made a point of thinking about it for a moment, but all he had to do was sort it in his Mind Palace and search the case that was now on the floor beside him. It was an obscure question, though.
Sherlock opened his mouth and was shocked when John slapped him to keep it shut.
“Now you can add cherry, lime-”
Sherlock laughed. "You can like them if you want to. I won't mind. I promise. John likes them."
Greg looked in the mirror. "You're sure?"
"Sorry. I can hear you, sir." Only Mycroft's smile saved him from further admonitions.
If Mycroft could have, he would have yelled out, not that it would have done any good.
"Five minutes," the barrister allowed. "Then we need to regroup and discuss what's going to happen when court reconvenes."
“What do you want to do right now?”
The blond Dom sighed heavily. “I'm not angry with you because of these trumped up charges, Sherlock. I'm pissed off with you because you ran off. Ran away from me. Again!”
"Where were you?" The Dom asked, watching the boy drop to his knees.
"Sherlock, hey, I know you're thinking or whatever, but you know how I feel about you ignoring my questions."
John's tone of voice alone made Sherlock looked down quickly. What he wouldn't do to swap places with Mycroft round about now.
The younger man nodded, rather dejectedly. He hadn’t managed to wind the Dom up with his little performance. Most Doms - professional or not - would have caned him already, lack of proper address, lack of kneeling, the glaring, but all he got was a soft, calm… army doctor; judging by his posture even with a cane.
"I am here!" Sherlock protested.
"Then what is it? And why aren't we running from it?" He indicated the now abandoned street, several more silver figures dotted the road.
"You may put some pants on," the doctor allowed, checking his phone as they stopped outside the sub's room.
"Quite right. Because the pair of you deserve this. You've been in sub mode for months, but the last 3 weeks you've been in bratty sub mode. Bratty subs mean punishment."
The doctor waited until Sherlock fell completely floppy and then jerked at his cock a little harder.
Before John went back to the sitting room after regaining his composure, he checked on the two Holmeses again, he didn't want either of them knowing Greg had submitted.
Sherlock kept his gaze for a long moment before finally letting it drop.
“Aftercare?”
The detective shook his head.
. 11.86MB
“Any part of this experiment of yours time sensitive?” He continued petting his hair as he spoke.
“I was expecting it to take a little more than an hour for you to attempt to escape, boy, but if punishment is what you are after, I am more than happy to oblige.” He tapped another control and slid it back into his pocket.
“Excuse me, sir?” Mycroft interrupted the Doms.
Sherlock smirked, if he wanted, nothing was stopping him from getting up and walking out.
"How is you handcuffing him and making him kneel any better than when I make him do it?" She asked of Mycroft.
The detective picked up the little boy, resting him on his hip as Finn wrapped his arms around Sherlock without another word.
"But-" Mycroft cut himself off before his complaint could fully form. From the looks the two Doms gave him, it was a very good thing he had closed his mouth when he did.
He whimpered pathetically when John and Greg turned to leave the room.
"Yours and his," Greg jerked his head in Mycroft's direction. "Got to get these on his nipples some how."
After a moment, the DI nodded. “Ok.”
"Mycroft, do it, or she'll just keep at it."
“Yeah but-”
The thing took a step forward and walked straight through the doctor. John shivered in shock, looking over his shoulder as he spun to face it again.
“No, sir. I've never heard of her, sir,” he confirmed. Why would he lie? Not after the beating he got last time. That was something he most definitely wanted to avoid. It was nice to see John in concerned mode though, especially after the last few days.
Finn had a mouthful of egg that he swallowed as he glanced at John. “Daddy.”
Then, after a moment or two, John was clearly setting up the ropes for the suspension. He held Sherlock’s hooded head in his hand for a moment before winching him up. He thrashed only momentarily until he realised he was in the air... flying.
Mycroft closed his mouth, but continued looking at his mother coldly. It was a look that had made politicians and government representatives alike quail. Mrs. Holmes didn’t fare much better, looking away.
The detective pouted, but he didn't argue as he climbed to his feet. As a reward for not arguing, John took the soap and a flannel and washed him thoroughly, paying special attention to his boy's private bits.
“You need to explain yourself to your brother or he won’t calm down,” Greg ordered, crouched in front of a still cuffed Mycroft. “And actually, I wouldn’t mind an explanation.”
Sherlock started thrashing again, making himself sway from side to side.
"Because it looks familiar. And he was an arsehole when he was alive. That won't have changed now."
“You think this is a game?!” John yelled in his sub's face, not caring who saw it. The brat deserved this. “Putting your life in danger to prove you're clever?”
“You play the violin?” She asked after she'd closed the door.
Greg laughed, secretly loving how Mycroft wanted to stay submissive. "Sorry, are you?"
"You can come back up when my brother and Greg arrive." The detective gave Finn a light push towards the door. "Now go."
She shoved him into the disabled toilet. “Why can't I-”
Sherlock obeyed, cautiously at first, but when he realised he wasn’t going to immediately shoot it down, he widened his steps and sunk to his knees in front of John’s chair without being told. The doctor’s hand immediately found the tangled curls and guided his head to his knee. “Good boy.”
"Sure, mate." He patted Sherlock's curls on his way out.
“Yes, hello, it’s me.”
“No you’re not. We’re stopping at the store,” John said with a laugh. “We’ll get you some proper shorts, a bucket and spade and some other beach toys.”
“Hurry up and sit on me, boy, or I’m going to come all over myself like a teenager.”
Irene took the glass as it was thrust into her hand and stared at it a moment.
“No, sir,” he whimpered.
get a Dom?” She let her mouth close finally. “What did he do? Follow you home?”
"But-"
He brought the last two down quickly, leaving just enough time for Sherlock to count in between.
“Will you come without permission again?”
The detective winked at Finn and together they opened the package and dumped them in.
The Dom sighed, "I asked what was wrong."
"John, catch. Would you hide that? If my boy earns the chance, I'll let him deduce where you hid it."
Smiling at the top of the sub’s head, John tried to carry on where they left off. “You were telling me about your previous Doms.”
In an abrupt motion, Eurus shoved Mycroft's head forward, banging it against the edge of the table.
“That was a question boy!” John barked.
“Sir?”
“Boy, we cannot continue if I cannot trust you to not hurt yourself.” He uncuffed him and immediately ordered his sub's hands behind his head. It would be uncomfortable. That was the point. Once he had done it, he would be calm and ready to submit again. He could see the strain that the collar had on the boy being so close to the floor, but once again, that was precisely the point.
So sorry for the long gap, guys, had deadlines and flair ups, bleurgh!
Sherlock didn't speak, but his mouth twitched in annoyance.
The detective bit his lip, still unsure.
Sherlock nodded and pondered over it a minute. “I was never allowed to come, sir.”
John shook his head. “I still don't think you get it. When you act this way… you take the person I love away from me. That's not fair.” This version of Sherlock was so far from normal it was scary. How long was he supposed to leave it this way? Mycroft had said time but how long? It seemed as much as he explained himself, he just wasn’t getting through.
“No!” He wouldn't listen to that crap on the best of days, he didn't have the time or patience for it today. “I've got no idea what's going on. Why have you arrested me?”
“Now, Sherlock, have you got to do anything imminent for this case in the next few hours?”
Sherlock clambered up onto the bed, his ever present grace not left behind.
“Uncuff me and I’ll get it.”
"Well, fuck!" John repeated angrily.
"No, sir."
Sherlock glanced at the older man, almost asking for silent permission. At John's slight incline of the head he took off down a side street more than aware that John would be following.
Irene glanced over at her, feeling rather proud of herself, she doubted Eurus praised people often.
“Good boy.” John felt warmed inside. That was a genuine smile on his boy's face. Of course, he wasn't fool enough to think it would last, but it was nice to see nonetheless.
“The gardens are fine, sir. If that’s what you would prefer.”
“Do you want to know why Sherlock doesn’t like eggs Finn?”
From out of nowhere a gunshot rung out and a bullet impacted the cabbie's chest.
John took a deep breath and gripped his sub’s hand tighter in his own.
After seeing that submission, Greg stepped forward and put his hand in Mycroft's hair. "You're incorrigible," he told his boy. Soon he, too, sat on the floor, petting Mycroft's hair. It was an unusually quiet time for the four of them.
John pulled the laptop over and shook his head. "No. He's just attention seeking. But it looks like your subbing session is over."
Despite the fact they had been quiet, Mycroft stirred and woke.
“No!” John said across the table before either Holmes could speak. “Food first, mate, they have all you can eat pasta.”
He glanced up slowly and saw John watching him. He felt his blush rise up his cheeks.
This time when he nodded again it was to himself. He would get praise and comfort when he deserved it. Not for a few responses or reactions he should have had anyway.
"No, sir."
Eurus shrugged. "Ok. Hang yourself up there big brother."
“Back to testing the system, pet?”
"We're still 20 minutes away."
Sherlock ducked his head, but realised the Dom spoke in good humour. His fear turned to a smile. I really didn’t mean to upset you, sir. I just had to prove to myself that Mycroft wouldn’t win.”
Mycroft wasn't taking no response for an answer, he picked his brother's hands up, drawing his attention.
Sherlock stared at the pill he'd been examining in the light and lowered it, it was head height.
John pushed his hands through his sub’s dark curls and tugged. “What was that?”
That was complicated. John hesitated to go into detail, but Sherlock was his usual blunt self. “Her parents were being mean. And no one wants to take her, but we can. We can give her a good home.”
“They can-”
"Fucking hell, you really are asking for trouble, aren't you? You just can't help yourself."
“Well that’s easy enough, then.” Greg paced across the room, each step deliberate, much like John's had been before him. “I am informally suspending you from duty, you’ll be formally suspended tomorrow after a night in the cells. Warrant card,” he ordered, holding his hand out.
This chapter is different to the rest, it isn’t dark by any means but John is harder on Sherlock than we are used to. If you want more specific spoilers go to the end of the chapter and read the end notes.
Mycroft's worry increased tenfold.
John flicked the chain with his finger making Sherlock flinch.
“Better.”
"Daddy's silly." The little boy watched as steam poured out. "It looks like it's on fire."
As soon as he had reached the corner, he was bored. It had been different earlier with his brother in the room. He had a reason to be still; not showing himself up. Now it was depressing and the corner was dank with mould from some experiment that had gone sideways months ago. He huffed. This couldn’t be it, he knew. John was clever, extremely clever and extremely original when it came to his punishments. He knew there would be more and that thought didn’t fill him full of hope.
"Good. Good." John sipped his chocolate, but he didn't look convinced.
“The first one, sir,” he replied, his voice quiet.
The doctor glanced over, unsure what to say. “You don't want it to be?”
"Thank you, mistress."
Greg got to his feet and pushed Mycroft into the wall, bringing his arms around behind him, he cuffed them there. Then he spun his brat around, pressed him back into the wall and put his lips to his.
John glared at him, his gaze strict and unyielding. “Kneel!” he barked, unimpressed by his brat’s show of such open defiance.
"Millions of these fish had been chased in by mackerel he said. But they couldn't turn because of the tide so they all flapped around in the shallow bit."
“Sherlock. I expect an answer,” John said sternly.
The women left the cell and a guard entered. He didn't offer to help Mycroft get Sherlock to the dog beds.
The doctor just sighed when Sherlock didn't even grumble a complaint. "That foot doesn't touch the floor, Sherlock, am I clear?"
John had straightened up after finishing off playing with the fucking machine. He glanced over at Greg and barked out a laugh.
"Come on, pet," John urged. "Let me hear how I make you feel. Let me feel your body react." He licked a stripe up Sherlock's neck and this time the sub moaned and tilted his head to the side to give his Dom better access. The doctor knew he had been right: complete and direct orders were what was called for now.
"Sherlock!" Mycroft yelled racing down the beach, he hadn't seen John, only seen his little brother go under.
Download from
"After so many years, clearly never."
He’d taken him up to the playroom again - by the hand as he hadn’t physically refused - and strapped him down to the bench. 36 wasn’t that bad a tally number given the events of the day and the fact that he had already been punished in the morning.
Sherlock raised one shoulder in a shrug. “This is more fun,” he said with a slight smile.
John hid his surprise well, at least from Sherlock, but that was a shock. “Yes, boy. I will.”
The pair of them, as if in sync started walking even slower.
"You're boy is 'bored'." Greg nudged the detective's cock from left to right.
The barrister for the defence stood up and requested another break. When the judge asked for justification, he replied that he needed to converse with his client regarding her plea.
"Oh she did." Irene folded her arms across her chest and watched the two Holmeses carefully. "She gave me just what I deserve."
When he was done with the clamps, he settled Sherlock back on his heels and used a length of chain to attach his cuffs together behind his back.
The doctor dreaded the day ahead. It was the beginning of Violet Holmes' trial. If he dreaded it, Sherlock had to be terrified. No, not terrified. That was the wrong word. Maybe emotionally compromised would fit better. Whatever the case, John wished he could shelter him from what was to come.
Sherlock sighed once John had disappeared through the door again. He wiggled slightly; not enough to be called struggling, but enough to test his situation more thoroughly than the first time he had tried it.
Sherlock laughed, revenge was sweet. After all these months, he knew his sister would not kill him nor Mycroft. Irene on the other hand...
“You’ve lost your name again, I will refer to you as boy. You will remain naked for the foreseeable future. You will limit yourself to one word answers and only when I’ve addressed you directly. You will eat with me once again. You will ask me to do anything. Again. If I think you’re getting too rude or abrupt I will spank you on the spot, rather than wait until the evening.” He picked up a small wooden paddle and slid it into the pocket of his trousers so that the kneeling sub saw him do it.
"Well I don't know what to do with you now, boy."
Both of them were completely shocked to see Irene walk in.
"We always behave," Mycroft retorted.
The doctor snickered slightly, he bloody well would as well. Mycroft would move the planet for his baby brother, so where the hell was he now?
"Get dressed, Sherlock."
"Yes, mistress."
Sherlock stopped struggling in his brother's grip.
John worked quickly and efficiently, his hands as professional as a doctor, as he washed him. When John had finished drying him off, he praised him again and pushed him towards the sub’s bedroom.
Sherlock felt awful just watching his brother and his Dom. This was his fault, he didn’t find himself heading back towards Panic. He found himself feeling nothing but shame.
The sub knew exactly what he meant. Both Mycroft and Sherlock had been naughty, attention seeking subs. He daren't act like them. He made himself be quiet and tried to be patient.
Greg winced but didn't say anything.
"Forgotten..." Sherlock snorted. "I don't forget anything."
“Stay here, sir,” it came out as a croak and it sounded so far from Sherlock, if he hadn’t been watching him when he said it, he wouldn’t have believed it.
The Superintendent had it pressed into Sherlock's mouth and buckled in place in moments. "Now we leave him here. I've had enough." It was safe enough, there was a camera in this room like there was in all the playrooms. They could monitor him for safety from anywhere in the house.
“My last 2 punishments when you’ve attempted to get out have obviously been far too lenient.” John grabbed him by the hair and pulled him to his feet. “As if I didn’t have enough to do today without you pulling another stunt like this.”
"Stay down there," Eurus ordered, "sit down my dear. You feed him, I'll feed this one," she reached over and grabbed Mycroft by the hair, pulling him up onto his knees beside her.
It was only when John removed his fingers that the younger man thought of what he had forgotten.
With his cock caged, Sherlock knew that it couldn’t happen again. One good thing he supposed. He was expecting a cane to come out of the bag, when it didn’t it took him a while to realise why. He was still sore and bruised from the last time he’d ‘been naughty’. John wasn’t a cruel Dom, he knew that much.
“Do you genuinely not want to or are you just saying you don’t want to to be contrary?”
“Yes, and the Super has gone straight over my head to Donovan, she is dealing with the case now. I have no say in it.” His annoyance and disappointment was obvious, but it went unsaid.
John paced across to the punishment side of the room and grabbed up the strap. Sherlock watched him with unease, he tried to move away but whimpered when his cock pulled again.
John had been about to ask Mycroft to fetch some pegs, but Greg let out a particularly lascivious moan. The doctor laughed and went to get the pegs himself.
The first thing Sherlock did when the doctor had gone was untie the leash, he hated it. It was so constricting. It made him feel like the sub he hated being.
Mycroft looked towards the playroom for what seemed like the one hundredth time.
"Wrong," John said, sounding oddly like Sherlock. "I should have seen it sooner. All the clues were there for me, I just didn't put them together before now and I should have."
And, like all those years ago, she ran it along his jawline and over his cheek. "I can't wait to show you how this should really be used, but first-" Irene slapped him hard across his right cheek then again across his left. "Mm, yes. Those cheeks were made to be slapped."
"John, this isn't fair, I didn't mean..."
“Do you have memory problems?”
“What about him… it?”
“No. Best not. I’ll want to sleep tonight,” he said with half a chuckle.
“Fine, you cheeky sod.”
"Oh, seriously?" John bust out laughing. "If you did manage to rub off on something, all you would do is wind yourself up. You know you're not coming as long as the cage is on." John crossed his arms. "Maybe I should let you carry on and see how frustrated you can make yourself."
Sherlock turned to face the Dom, he let out a deep breath seeing him not angry and nothing but the passive expression he had held before.
"I'll be a... g... good boy for you." He made sure that his voice cracked, and he had brought tears to his eyes.
Mycroft knelt immediately and the doctor thought his boy was going to argue, show the pair of them up even more than he had already managed, but he didn’t, he just inclined his head slightly in his direction, as if confirming that it was what his own Dom wanted. At his nod, Sherlock dropped to his knees beside his brother.
John slid the sound in without further problems and tightened it up.
“Kneel beside me. I just need to finish this plan off and then you can go upstairs and unpack.”
“I’m sure mine can join yours. He had already deduced earlier that he would be on his knees tonight.” John inclined his head beside the seat and Sherlock sighed as the cushion was dropped, but he knelt without question.
"Logic falls apart there, doesn't it love?"
"I was
"I didn't mean to be so loud," He whispered and John tsked, walking around to kneel in front of Sherlock, brushing his hair from his face.
"Why is everything a struggle with you?" John growled, disposing of the cat into a black garbage bag, wincing a bit at the gnarly teeth marks on it's spine.
He'd only seen the gun later.
Sherlock said, snapping his fingers at John and pointing to the floor between his legs. John blinked, staring straight at the floor. He didn't speak french. Was Sherlock not speaking to him...or...? John's eyes flickered to the riding crop, resting up against Sherlock's chair.
The fact that Mycroft was here was adding insult to injury, and John couldn't get out of his head the dozens of times the Holmes had commiserated on the blankminded nature of inferiors, and felt his skin raging with embarrassment.
He gasped as a holy water was poured all over his clothes and his hair, his entire body convulsing and shaking.
Sherlock screamed at the sight of the stake, kicking his attacker in the balls.
John whimpered, uneasily resting his chin on Mycroft's knee, his muscles tense and his heartrate increased, Sherlock observed. He looked like a sheep, laying helplessly in the wolf's paws.
"Sherlock y'gotta let go so I can get my jumper off," John nudged his husband to untangle himself, and Sherlock gave him just a smidge of room to work with as he struggled out of the knit garment, leaving him in his vest and pants. Lucky thing Sherlock liked sleeping naked anyway. He sighed and settled them under the duvet, Sherlock sprawled out on his chest like a starfish, his shampoo-advert curls pluming across John's gnarled scar, his ear pressed to John's heartbeat. John smiled and drew circles on Sherlock's back, resting back into his pillow.
"Present,"
Sherlock gulped, the image of the sunroom at Pentonville sent a shudder through him,  his skin crawling.
"Well so have I, am I monster?"
"Are you proud of your behavior John?"
John tossed the dead cat at Sherlock, whose eyes had widened to saucers.
hiya, I've got a lot more of this story written to share but I could use some feedback, is this a worthwhile concept? <3 <3 <3
!" Sherlock laughed, and John was completely humiliated. What they could be saying...what could Sherlock being telling Mycroft about him? Or vice versa? It was enough to fill him so full of dread he wanted to vomit.
"Yes dear," John rolled his eyes as he twirled Sherlock's raven hair between his fingers. His husband was beautiful, with pale skin like pure english cream and his eyes of pale blue. John smiled and leaned forward, pressing a cavalcade of feathersoft kisses to his skin, never quite used to how cold his skin could get when he was between drinkings.
"I'm sorry, John," He whispered, mostly to himself and John pulled cuffs from his back pocket, twirling Sherlock around and clasping them around his wrists, the metal digging slightly into his flesh with a surprising bite. These were Lestrade's nicked cuffs, and they bloody hurt, but Sherlock bit back his whine. He would be good for John, he'd prove that he was good and John would like him again. John gruffly and swiftly manhandled him to the desk, grabbing *wince* his red laptop and tossing onto his chair before bending Sherlock across the cold wooden surface, his sensitive bare skin hissing at the unexpected contact. Sherlock's shoulders ached like this, vulnerable and humiliated- his back bent forward and his backside on display-although that was rather the point of this.
fault! I'm just a bar tap you keep around for convenience! I forgot that His Lordship can't lift a bloody finger around here or wait two hours till I get home before he fucks around and gets his arse is gaol! Fuck this, I'm your husband, Sherlock, not your maid."
"It's not that i don't want to- oh god,"
"Ah! Alright, alright, come on, let's get you to bed, mister," John chuckled and pulled Sherlock up out of the chair, but the lanky bastard kept himself all cacooned inside John's neck, hands roaming up under his jumper as the blanket fell off of his naked form.
Their eyes met and John took a moment to just smile and enjoy the view. God. That gorgeous creature was all his, what a fantastic world to live in. Sherlock looked down sadly, into his tea, eyes brimming with thick tears.
"You'll be complaining for at least a week if I don't" John groaned, but he gave into Sherlock's wishes and held him him ever closer, soft lips kissing his freckled shoulder.
"I- well, it's, uh," Sherlock's cheeks grew impossibly redder, Lestrade surprised to see him so flustered like this, "I consented, to um, that,"
The DI opened his mouth and licked the Dom's neck lightly. "We'd take care of you, though, if you ever needed it."
“Why are you here now?” He reiterated.
John realised that since he knew what had sent Sherlock into Panic, there was no reason to dig up the past further. At least, not yet.
“You’re quiet, babe. Aren’t you happy?”
Sherlock’s face fell. “Yes, sir,” this bloody Dom was too bloody clever and too bloody thorough. Despite how much he didn’t want to do it in the first place and just wanted it to be over and done with, he couldn’t risk the evening being cancelled. Plans were in place, at least theoretical ones in his Mind Palace from his 30 uncomfortable minutes in the corner, he still had a few hours before they needed to be put into action, but he also needed to be at Angelo’s. That was why he had suggested it in the first place. It wasn’t that far from Baker Street, but if the Dom cancelled because of his behaviour there, was no way he would leave him in a position to race off.
A muzzle gag with a small black ball on the inside was pushed into his mouth and buckled up around his head, no doubt messing up his curls.
"What? But that's-"
Mycroft felt himself getting hard as Greg kissed him relentlessly. He didn't stop even when Mycroft began to struggle to breathe. Just as the sub's vision began to go grey at the edges, Greg pulled back. They both stood there, panting for air.
When they reached the kitchen John poured the tea from the pot to two mugs that had already been prepared. He pressed one into his boy’s hand. “Drink up,” he said with a smirk as he filled the kettle up and put it on again.
The doctor cleared his throat, "What was that?"
“Why?” She repeated. John was just about as annoyed by the four words this women had spoken as he had ever been before, in fact the bubble of anger rising up inside of him was verging on an explosion. The way she called him
Sherlock practically yelped when his Dom took him in his mouth and sucked him. The sub's eyes rolled back in his head and all too soon he came, embarrassingly soon. He covered his face with his hands, but it did nothing to cover the blush that had crept down his neck and torso.
“Do you have any more bags stashed around with clothes in?”
“Shh,” John put his finger to his sub’s lips. “Don’t speak. Focus on your breathing. Come on, in and out. You know how this goes by now.”
“My first Dom.”
After being searched, Sherlock had been led off to the car waiting nearby. “Greg-”
The Dom pushed him to his knees and reattached the leash to the detective’s collar.
"Stay here one moment," John ordered, an idea reaching him from nowhere.
Sherlock tugged at his cuffed wrists with frustration, making John just roll his eyes. “You’re a clever boy, I think you can figure out what I want.” He was definitely not impressed with the ongoing attitude. “I have added 10 on to your tally, boy. Your behaviour is ridiculous.”
John carried both cups through to the den and sat down in the chair, placing both cups on the glass coffee table to the side.
Sherlock didn't bother struggling it was actually rather comforting.
When Sherlock finished dressing, he opened the bedroom door. "Come along, you two. I don't believe we've set the date for the wedding yet."
The government official grunted something that could have been a "Yes, sir," but it could have been something else entirely.
“No! She never got to the hotel. Look at her hair. She colour coordinates her lipstick and her shoes. She’d never have left any hotel with her hair still looking…” An idea seemed to hit him like a ton of bricks. “Oh… oh!” he clapped his hands together and jumped up and down for a moment.
Waggling his arse in pleasure, Sherlock opened his mouth and latched on. He didn't care that water was raining down on them. It didn't matter. All that mattered was John's cock and making his Dom happy. Well the water did matter. But not in a bad way. It somehow made the whole experience better, intense.
The detective flinched at the rebuke and was surprised by John's sudden massage.
The little boy bit his lip and looked at her. Encouraged by her smile, he said, "Sowwy," then hid behind John's legs again.
“Good boy. I’m going to try this, now.”
At that moment, the sound of Sherlock kicking up a fuss came from one of the screens. Both John and Greg turned to look at it.
"Pet, look at me," he ordered, trying to find a comfortable position to be able to look down at the boy but not seem intimidating at the same time. He doubted Sherlock would be intimidated by him ever again, but Panic was a funny thing, it crept up out of nowhere and often hit hard and fast, he didn't want to inadvertantly trigger his pet into a Panic session when there was so much more useful things they could be doing with their time.
“I’ll believe that in a while. Kneel up.”
"Thank me," Irene repeated, dragging Sherlock behind her.
Slowly Sherlock raised the pill closer to his mouth, drawing it out for fun. The other sub copied him with his own pill.
From across the room, Sherlock looked up and watched with a smirk.
A sudden sharp noise appeared in his head, forcing him to drop to one knee on the grating while he held his head. "What the hell," he grumbled when the pain eased, leaving him dazed.
“Daddy's playing fort wars.”
“But-”
The government official cleared his threat. "Yes, sir. I always think about you, sir," he added in his own Dom's direction.
As John lay in bed the following morning, he contemplated the previous day. The evening had been odd, to say the least.
“Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.” He should have been angry at that. Not being able to use all of his equipment, but he wasn't. The Dom was right, he hadn't earned it and John had been quite clear what had to happen in order to get it all unlocked.
"Meat feast for me. Hawaiian for Mycroft."
"Well, you've seen them all. We haven't used the wet room yet though. Holmes on your feet," Greg ordered his kneeling sub.
Sherlock closed his eyes and then stepped forward. “Finn, you need to-”
Sherlock laughed at that. "What? Didn't you want my little sister to hear you Irene? How you used her because she has power over me. Has power over my brother? I never should have saved you."
“If I see that again, pet, I’ll bite it off,” John laughed at the look on his face, he seemed to be trying to work out whether he meant it or not.
John smiled, stepped out of the stream of water and let it rinse Sherlock off, then he went down on his knees and brought his pet's cock into his mouth.
“Mycroft’s idea of a joke when we were children. Mother would always let us have ice cream for pudding. Sunday was the only day I would stick around long enough to have some. The rest of the week was a choice between boring ice cream and my violin, but on Sundays we had Vienetta.”
"You seem to forget that this is my job, boy, I have nothing else to be doing this morning besides disciplining you. So make a choice. And quick or your arse will hurt far more than I intended."
The Dom shifted slightly so he could lean over but still pet his boy’s curls with one hand. He managed to pour Sherlock’s tea before leaving the pot to steep a little longer for his own.
So Teaching Sherlock has actually reached 1000 kudos. I said to sherlockian4evr a long time ago when I first started it, I wonder if it's possible and here we are!
Siger opened of the doors to the vehicle and assisted Mrs. Hudson getting in. He climbed in beside her.
Greg brought his head to his hip and held him for a moment.
“Lay down, pet.”
"I what? Go on, make your situation 10x harder on yourself. Baring in mind, it's already worse."
Ohhhh. The detective felt like an idiot, assuming his Dom meant he was going to be punished.
Breakfast hadn’t been the ordeal it had been the previous day. He had also decided it was just best to get on with this part of the day without any agro. It wasn’t worth it. He’d knelt beside the table when told and even opened his mouth to receive every bite the Dom wanted him to. It was, however, taken advantage of as the doctor had made sure to eat less himself so there was more left for the sub. That had made the bother, both mad and snippy when he realised what John had done. Inevitably the tally had began to rise but it still was not as high as it had been this time yesterday.
John hoped it did. If her plea changed, they could abandon the rest of the trial. That would be best for all involved.
Sherlock had no idea what John was talking about. He wasn't scared of any reprisals. He just didn't want to say it, he didn't know how to say it, or even what to say.
“You made me go through all that for one piece of fucking pear!”
Sherlock woke the next morning before any of the others. He rested his cheek on the palm of his hand and enjoyed watching his Dom sleep. He knew John would find it a bit creepy if he knew, but he didn't. He never did, that was the beauty of it. All too soon he was bored, he rolled over and jumped on his Dom. "Wake up, John! Wake up right now!"
She yanked her brother back upright by the curls until his neck bent back painfully.
Once Sherlock was completely untied, John held him on his knees, his arm held behind his back.
The doctor left the machine thumping along to itself as he crouched down to remove the humbler.
He began wrapping the rope around Sherlock's cock and bollocks in an intricate pattern. He had dropped the weight on the floor below his sub's head so he could see it and it wasn't much of a leap for Sherlock to work out where it was going.
“Kneel.”
Sherlock spun around and took in the rest of the room, in more detail than he had the first time. “Yes. Where is it? She must have had a phone or an organiser. Find out who Rachel is.”
Sherlock turned his head towards his sister and snarled. "We've been through this."
"I'll do that," Greg promised. "I can see the laptop from here. I promise I won't let anything happen to him."
"Why? You could, I can tell by how that thing is made."
“Stay exactly where you are, pet!” John ordered, slightly sharper than he intended. It wasn’t obedience that made Sherlock cooperate and lay back down immediately, but quite clearly fear. He scanned him quickly, using some basic field training to sort his priorities out. They were decided for him, however, when he saw the grin on the twat’s face. Wilkes kicked Sherlock in the gut, and judging by the way Sherlock took it without sound or complaint, it wasn’t the first time. That did nothing to stem John’s anger and he flew across the room, his fist colliding with the underside of the younger man’s chin and sending him flying back into the wall. His head hit hard, but that wasn’t enough for John. Nothing but the man’s pieces all over the southeast would be enough, but he settled for punching him again, causing a similar amount of blood to explode from his nose as he slumped back in a heap. John stomped on his stomach hard, and all the air inside the prone man gushed from his lungs. The doctor used the moment’s distraction to his advantage by cuffing him to one of the hooks in the wall.
“Too right. Now will you stay this time?”
"I can do that," Finn said with certainty. The idea definitely appealed to him.
Mycroft looked up at his Dom. "What?"
Mycroft closed his eyes.
“No! Piss off.” Sherlock writhed and struggled where he was knelt until he had fallen to the side, off his knees and onto John's foot.
Greg shook his head. "I'm not the one that needs to hear that, Sherlock. It's John that you've been treating poorly."
Eventually, John reached out and ran a hand down his boy's arm, enjoying the feel of the well sculpted muscles, it seemed Sherlock was determined to stay still forever.
The detective sighed, his head hanging low as he did. “Yes, sir.” He flinched as the cold was pressed up against the base of his cock and his bollocks began to shrivel up. He could actually feel them getting smaller.
On the screen, Sherlock was protesting that he was perfectly calm.
John watched him with wide eyes. He couldn’t believe the trust the boy had in him now, especially after a night like the last one. However, he felt compelled to offer a way out again. “Are you sure you want to stay? Your brother is upstairs with his Dom and will no doubt be more than willing to take you home, after this… after the way I let you down I am sure he wouldn’t refuse you. He may even let you return to Baker Street.”
“Can I come in?” he asked.
John leant forward and gathered up his mug, he held it to Sherlock's lips, but despite his surprise, he let his mouth open slightly so he could drain the sweet dregs from the bottom.
Beta read by sherlockian4evr
"That wasn't pleasant."
“I’m not a boy!”
The new position made the burning, cramping discomfort in Sherlock's gut even more pronounced. He knew he should stop fighting so he could get some relief, but he couldn't seem to make himself. It was like he couldn't stop himself.
The boy sighed, “Why what?” Why was she being so vague? Why was she useless? Why was-
"The army did some good for you, then."
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock hissed, his tone low.
John looked up in time to watch and he laughed. "You're really going for it today."
When the cab arrived at his destination, Sherlock paid the driver and got out. He stood on the pathway for several long moments looking up at the building.
“I'm not uncuffing you.”
"Go to the corner and stay there."
The little boy saw the girls over John's shoulder and immediately ducked his head. The girls looked disappointed. They were eager to meet him.
“Wow. A lot younger than Finn.” John thought of her being alone in the world with no one to look after her, no one to care. It was such a contrast to Finn who was so happy now. “Well, fuck.” His face changed in an instant when Finn had spotted the ice cream and came racing up the beach.
Sherlock felt slightly awkward watching. His brother and Greg had been in a relationship for years. He had only been with this Dom for a week and would only be with him another 11. He glanced up at the doctor who had been watching him the whole time. Sherlock would never know they were thinking the exact same thing.
Sherlock swallowed, but John just leant forward and grabbed him in a hug. A brief hug. He needed to feel him for a moment, but he needed to punish him too. Sherlock would have hugged him back, but he decided against commenting. He wasn't suicidal, despite what it had looked like in that classroom with the serial killer. Satisfied the brat was in his arms once more, he took him by the scruff of the neck and dragged him back into the room where the cabbie was lying dead.
"It's hardly your fault," Mycroft called after him.
Sherlock’s arse was thankfully still covered by his pants, it offered a small comfort and little protection, but John could see the pale white skin turn red and clash with white and black.
“Oh yes, of course,” John said. “Don’t want someone to think the wrong thing about us.”
Sherlock laughed and nodded. “Yeah, I don’t think people would like if a teacher was hanging around with their students.”
"Then I get deployed," John answered, his shoulder's sagging a bit. "Deployment doesn't mean death. It just means time away. I know that will be hard but we can do it." He took Sherlock's hand again, kissing it gently. "I promise everything will be okay."
“I finished that work already,” Sherlock muttered. He glanced at his student, seeing the hurt in his eyes. “I’ll let you go. Surely you want to spend time with Sally? No Sarah.”
“Nothing,” John said, keeping his head down.
“Just the rest of this week,” Sherlock explained. He laughed at the small groan that came from John. “You could be sitting at home for the next week if you want to.”
He pulled up to the house and parked the car. “Mr. Watson,” he said, unsure as to what he was going to say. John looked to him and frowned slightly. Sherlock let out a deep breath and looked to him. “I was having fun hanging out with you, I don’t say that often, especially about a student.”
John could only smile more. “It wouldn’t be good to show a school that I want to get into that I was a bad kid,” he said, “getting into all these fights.”
Sherlock hummed softly and set down his items as well. "You didn't want to go on another date with her?" He asked, looking at John with a smirk.
The air left his lungs and he just got off the ball to a teammate before he was slammed into the ground. The other player got up and ran after his new victim, leaving John on the ground.
Sherlock nodded as he rolled up his sleeves. “Follow me,” he said leading him to the auditorium. He pushed open the doors to the back and showed him the set pieces they had to put together. “It should take the rest of the week.”
John smiled, happy that he understood that’s what he wanted. “I’ll see you later,” he said. He hesitated, watching Sherlock for a second longer before leaving.
“That’s understandable,” Sherlock said. “That happens a lot with people who get mugged, or assaulted in anyway.”
Sherlock turned to him and put out his cigarette. “I was just starting early,” he told him, “thought I come out for a smoke.”
Sherlock frowned a bit but shook his head. “Happy birthday by the way,” he smiled. “I didn’t get a chance to say it earlier. I should have said it in front of Mike. It would have been funny.”
Without a word John opened the door and left the car. His heart was pounding and he felt like he might throw up. What was wrong with him?
“Oh my god,” Sherlock said, dropping his coffee and hurrying over to him. He had a black eye, split lip, the way he was limping Sherlock was sure his leg was hurting him, and John was guarding his ribs. “What happened?”
Sherlock let out a puff as John hit him. "Hello there, Mr. Watson," he said with a smile. He had seen them talking, had seen how worked up John was getting. He didn't want him to do anything he may regret. "Congratulations on making it."
Sherlock let out a small laugh, letting his hand fall to his side. “Yes it was,” he said quietly. “Very wow.” He bit his lip, wondering if he could kiss him again. Though John beat him to it.
He was still nervous.
“This is your stop,” Sherlock whispered.
John smiled, glancing towards Sherlock. “Yeah, it’s alright. Don’t worry about it.”
Sherlock let out a small giggle and nodded. “Yes, she was great at up selling the noodles.” He started driving towards John’s house. “We must do it again sometime before school ends.”
John hiked his bag further up on his shoulder as he marched down the halls of the school. Blood was dripping from nose as he made his way to his first class of the day. He stopped outside the door, wiping the blood from his nose smearing it on his school shirt. He winced though when he wiped the blood. Maybe his nose was broken.
John swallowed hard and nodded. He turned and quickly left the room.
He pushed away from the desk, not looking back at Sherlock. “Did you catch the match that was on last night? My da was watching some crap last night.”
John nodded a little, letting his eyes slide shut as he rested against him. “Do you…can you just hold me for the rest of the night? I don’t want to be away from you.”
John could tell that Sherlock didn't want to talk. He just looked down into his lap, playing with his fingers. Today was supposed to be nice. He had to ruin it.
John’s stomach dropped. He stared at the man with wide eyes. He couldn’t believe what he just said. He stood up and ran from the office.
“I don’t need help,” John whispered to him, “because nothing is wrong.”
John nodded, trying his best to keep the smile from his face. Sherlock was becoming his favorite teacher and fast. “I’ve been trying to think of who mugged me yesterday sir,” he said. “I got a face in my head but no name.”
“What am I supposed to do with this? It’s soaked,” Sherlock said. He wiped down the best he could before getting dressed again. “Car?”
Hugo shook his head slowly. "John, I don't want that," he said, moving closer to his son.
Sherlock bit his lip and nodded. “You don’t have to thank me at all,” he assured him. “You’re a good student and you have great potential. I don’t want you falling behind because of something like this.”
