“Steven,” she said softly. Then she reached out and took his face in her hands. She wiped his cheeks with her thumb, and Steve marveled at how soft her hands were. How warm she was. “I’m not a skrull. I’m not an alternate. You’re not dreaming. Or crazy. Or being tricked by a hologram or something. It’s me. It’s Tony. Can you talk to me?”
“You’re just jealous that I always beat you,” Tony pointed out. Clint grumbled but said no more. “Everyone down for the game? It’s team bonding guys. If 199999 is going to be here for another several months, well, it’s time to start pooling our resources. And for that to happen, we’ll need to work together. Hence—”
Tony, for his part, had no idea what to make of the situation. Kid was acting weird as all fuck—in his experience that meant drugs or alcohol. At any rate, it meant that he had something to hide. And Tony, well, Tony wanted to know just what that was. And Tony Stark
“I had one like this,” 525 Steve admitted. “That wasn’t a lie. He was a good boy, a sweet boy. Well, when he was little, anyway. He got more troublesome the older he got.” James bit his lip as 525 Steve’s grip tightened painfully on his shoulder. He could feel his knees wobbling, could feel the tears prickling at the back of his eyes and the lump in his throat.
,” Pepper insisted. “They still do. And if they were planning to kill us, they wouldn’t be planning to kill us here, in front of their children.” Steve felt a wave of gratefulness to Pepper wash over him, even as the others still looked dubious.
Peggy Carter, Steve. Grieve all you need to. Go to England and get closure, if that’s what you require. But I am not Peggy Carter, and my Steve learned to love again. You will, too.” She stood up, kissed her not-husband’s cheek, and left the room with her coffee and her Stark tablet, leaving behind, she knew, a shell shocked Steve from another world.
“I’ve got to say, that vacant expression thing is really disconcerting,” her double said pointedly. “I still can’t believe your brain is essentially a PC. That must have taken guts to do to yourself. Anyway, I keep thinking about that conversation we had and more about—about why you got married in the first place.” Tony sighed and shut down the things she was doing with Extremis, rejoining the here and now. Her double’s expression was earnest, which was odd on him. She fought off the urge to tell him sarcastically that she had nothing better or more important to do than play psychiatrist with an even more emotionally constipated version of herself. She was not the touchy-feely type, and her double even more so. If he wanted to talk it was because he
“Honestly, I should have planned for Randy’s at the reception to this shindig. Terrible oversight on my part. I wouldn’t doubt the power of those donuts to raise me from the grave,” Tony, his beautiful Tony was at the back of the church.
No matter the reasons, no matter the methods, Natasha still found much deeply wrong with that picture.
“It’s not you,” she admitted. “You’ll be fine. You’ve been training for this since forever. There are always unforeseen scenarios but—I think you’ll be fine. It’s more… I really wonder. I wonder if I would be as brave as you if it was so easy for me to die. I can smite the mightiest of villains with the greatest of ease—but would I do so in your position?” James just laughed and Torrun frowned at him, looking outraged and indignant.
“It’s just—not every universe is as—friendly as this one,” 525 Tony said. He looked sorrowful. “Not every universe is so…bright. So loving.” Tony snorted.
“HOLD,” James replied through the comms system. “Hold position and hold them here until the tear takes them away.”
3490 Tony might want him to focus on the present, not the past, but as he thought of her soothing smile, Steve thought that maybe that wasn’t such a good idea after all.
He found an icepack in the freezer pretty quickly and then headed to one of the many communal bathrooms, raiding the medicine cabinet for some tylenol. They didn’t have anything stronger, predictably, so Tony supposed Peter would just have to make do. He headed back to the kid’s room. He knocked before heading back in again. Peter was sitting at his desk, playing a video game on his laptop. He paused it when Tony entered.
“Hm,” double Pepper answered. “Well I hope so, because—” At that moment, mature Tony came running into the room, wet, wavy hair streaming behind her. She was dressed only in yoga pants and a tank top as opposed to the usual fashionable clothing Pepper had seen her in. Mature Tony ducked behind Double Pepper, grabbing onto her shoulders as Steve entered the room at a jog.
“With out luck we’d get the man-eating Monty Python variety,” Natasha replied. They were almost at the river now. Natasha had no idea what their young leader planned next. There were only ever two outcomes with these tears—either all soldiers were eliminated, or they disappeared. Once they reached the river, Natasha doubted they would have much choice but to start picking them off. Already she could see the signs of strain on Billy, and occasionally the shimmering purple barrier would flicker and the red bullets—lasers? Plasma? Something else entirely? Natasha had no idea—slipped through, giving them all just a half-second’s notice to dodge.
she’d figure things out. And she didn’t, and my call must have been wrong. But what have you done, since Kate got home from the hospital? Have you decided we should send her to rehab? Have you called in doctors? Have you even been fucking watching her? No, no you’ve been hiding at the Triskelion.
“Ok, yeah, very impressive and all—get over here quick I need your hand,” Tony said. The Captain frowned.
would be grateful for the knowledge, but the other Steve wasn’t him. Not really. He’d had life experiences that Steve hadn’t and wouldn’t. He’d known his wife for nearly thirty years—maybe he
,” she said scathingly. Natasha and Pepper hid smiles. She checked her watch again when a stranger strolled into the kitchen. At least, he was a stranger to Tony, and to the other three Avengers. His hair was so blond it was nearly white. He had a glint to his eye that spoke of mischief. He wore normal street clothes, just as Peter did. Kate grinned.
“Camp Lehigh,” MCU Fury had told them when they had caught up to him. He had been keeping his head low, living as a homeless man after the attack on Stark Tower threw SHIELD into confusion. He had hoped to get away and do some sleuthing himself. He’d made it to Jersey, where they had tracked him.
“What? No! Of course not,” he said in a rush. “I meant what I said. I just—I figured we’d both…experience other things. Other people. First. Before—you know. Because you and me, Kate? That’s…” Francis trailed off, his cheeks pinking, and finally, for Kate, the penny dropped.
universe, probably,” Kate’s father interjected, throwing a thumb at where most of the MCU avengers stood, “broke through to us using the space stone…which disappeared our own back to theirs?”
“So. Plan for now is we’re going to get the younger kids to a more suitable shelter,” her dad told the kitchen when it was crowded with people. “James, Kate, Peter, Azari, Francis, Billy, Tommy, Teddy, Torrun, you’re staying here as a protective detail. We’ll be moving you within 24 hours, but until then you just sit tight. We’ve set up a drop spot for a few perishables to get you through the day; take the exit out of the gym and you’ll get to a storm cellar with supplies; Clint and Carol did some stocking for you all. We’ll be back as soon as we can be, but there’s a lot of clean up we need to take care of on the outside. We’ve still got battles to fight—plenty of them. For now we need you all to sit tight and wait for further instructions.” Kate listened, but she felt like they had hit a wrong note.
“What—?” Before he was cut off with a pained grunt and then, explosions. Explosions everywhere behind him and Steve ran as fast as he could as suddenly the earth seemed to be lighting up in fire around him—and then he wasn’t running anymore. A metal covered arm gripped around his chest and lifted him from the ground, flying him out of the way of the chain reaction of landmines.
“Is this new SHIELD tech?” Other Tony asked Other Nick Fury, who merely scowled at him, though Director Stark figured that was the permanent setting of Nick Fury’s face in
was. Everything that he had lived through with these little bits of metal stuck around his neck was often unfathomable to James. He understood his father very well—too well, really. He had understood his father’s thoughts and motives and feelings far too well at far too young an age to be able to cope with it. James knew that. He wasn’t sure his father really did. But for all that James understood him, sometimes it hit James how little he
The whole church was silent, the kind of tense, oppressive, anticipatory silent that always twisted Peter’s gut in knots. His dad cleared his throat, dislodging it some but not doing a full job of it.
for that part—and in her father’s painting, that work showed. Her face, beatific, as she held the nutcracker doll and stood on point, warmed in the stage lights. She looked even younger than her age. She was the pinnacle of sweet innocence, everything she’d had to emulate as the character, and her father had captured it in his half-finished painting. The stage still wasn’t filled in, but the basics of
, largely just teenagers who couldn’t even get a New York driver’s license yet. He didn’t want to think about it, because he didn’t want to know what that meant their
The rest of this story is dedicated to you final few, for sticking it out. From the bottom of my heart, thank you.
be fine, you know,” Steve spoke again a few moments later. Tony looked at him again. He was obviously just as concerned as Tony was. “He’s a tough kid.”
“Tony, we are talking about the woman with the internet in her brain,” Steve pointed out. “She could have just tracked you on cameras.”
“To make sure I was ok,” 3490 Tony finished for him. “I know.” She picked up her project again, focusing on it. “My Steve has always done the same. But that’s the thing, isn’t it? You’re not him.”
? That’s more than rude, that’s criminal. Can we go again? What’s the password? ‘Beam me up Scotty?’” An overeager shield agent shoved his gun closer to Other Tony’s face. Director Stark would have said something, but frankly she was happy for any method that would get her home at a reasonable hour, and she knew herself well enough to know that Other Tony was likely to continue to make increasingly obscure pop culture references until someone answered his question.
“One in which you went underground after launching an attack on Latveria that they happily retaliated from,” Tony snapped. “One in which none of us have heard from you in over a year. One in which S.H.I.E.L.D. was left with a chain of command nightmare so the Captain and I took over. One in which you lost the right to criticize when you ducked and ran for cover.” Tony felt her blood boiling. There was so much she wanted to say to Fury—but then the anger cooled. This wasn’t her Fury. This was just some grumpy schmuck from some other universe. He might deserve her wrath for his condescension, but he didn’t deserve it for everything that had happened in the last two years. She smoothed her features into a calmer mask.
She was sad to finish the lesson as always, but still coming down from the high of endorphins that filled her body. She walked through the house, still in her point shoes (there weren’t, after all, any damaging surfaces in the house, and she needed to break her painful new pair in). It was late, her class didn’t finish until nine in the evening, and it was ten by the time she got back home. The Alts were either sleeping or consumed in their own quiet activities. So Kate stepped softly through the house, heading to her own bedroom, when a light caught her attention. It was the light to her father’s art studio. She peered inside, through the small gap in the door. Her father sat on a stool, dabbing paint onto a canvas mounted on an easel. She pushed the door open a bit wider. It creaked. Her father looked over, and he smiled when he saw her.
. He promised, he swore, and I knew Steve’s promises were as good as gold, that a swear he made to a friend was as sacred to him as a marriage vow. And so I turned to him and made him swear that if I went through with the pregnancy he would always be there to raise the kids when I couldn’t, that he would take care of them and make up for me being a shitty mother,” Tony said. Her mouth twisted into a bitter grimace, but she quickly shook it off. “He told me not to be so ridiculous, that I would be a great mother, but that yes, he promised, he swore, he would always be there for the kids.
“Potts and Foster are here because certain members of this team cannot keep their goddamn mouths shut anyway,” Fury said, “and I would rather they get information first hand. In addition I think Doctor Foster might be able to assist us in our investigation into the cube’s origin.”
“Ok, A) do you realize how absurd ‘I was about to kill Bruce’ sounds on so many different levels, and B), he’s not that kind of doctor,” Steve said.
“No, but if you did she’d find it,” Clint agreed as he tugged a t-shirt over his head. He looked disturbed. They all
is presumably an alternate universe, unless you are actually the most incompetent skrulls I’ve ever met, and that’s saying something. I’m operating under the generous presumption that you’re just embarrassingly incompetent alts, instead.”
“I asked this question of Heimdall, when we discovered it was missing,” Thor said. “I thought perhaps Loki—but Heimdall claimed there had been no trespassers. He would have known if there were.”
There were a lot of things that simple question made him want to do. He wanted to laugh hysterically. He wanted to cry. He wanted to scream in rage and flip over the table. Was he ok? Was he ever?
“A HAND WOULD BE GOOD!” Kate yelled at her father through the comms as she ducked behind James’ expandable shield before a Frost Giant hit them with a spell of ice.
It was strange. He knew he’d have to keep an eye on his younger double when the alts had fallen into their laps, but he’d thought the eye he’d be keeping would be one of sympathy. Tony had informed him how he had just left the ice two years earlier (though really, Steve would have figured that out for himself very quickly), and all of Steve’s feelings from back then came flooding back. He figured his younger self might be able to use a guiding hand, might need an ear from time to time. He had completely ignored the possibility that he would have to
“You calling me old?” the Commander asked. The corners of his lips were tugging up into a grin. It was the closest thing Natasha had seen on his face to a real smile. Clint shrugged.
“More than,” Steve agreed. They all headed closer to the portal as Tony fiddled with the tablet. Tony wondered if she did that just out of habit, considering extremis was in her brain.
“That would be great, thanks Pete,” Clint said, handing the little girl to him before rushing off. Nicole just looked up at Peter with wide blue eyes.
. If they wanted to kill us, why haven’t they done it by now? They’ve given us the benefit of the doubt for as long as we’ve been here. They’ve trusted us. I think we should do the same for them now. We’ll
,” Captain America ordered through the comm. Stark could still see him and the others fighting aliens on the ground. No one seemed overly concerned about the spacey portal being opened not far above them.
anymore? Peter’s mother was dead, and here James was using her in his never ending argument with their father.
. And in no moment more so than right now. She had jogged through the hills and the forest with Clint and the other Steve and Natasha, until they came upon a set of tunnels built into the mountainside that would lead up to the castle.
“Oh, the truth hurts, doesn’t it?” 3490 Tony said. “You’re a thousand-fold harder on him than you ever have been on Kate and you know it. So don’t you dare go criticizing my parenting when you yourself could use a check in the mirror.” 3490 Steve looked very serious.
,” Steve said quickly, just to shut him up. His face was growing hotter by the minute, and the drawing in question was most decidedly
“Get my legs,” Kate ordered Alt Steve. Quickly, he complied, and Kate shimmied head first down the window. There, at the base, was Peter. He was slumped over, seated on the ground just beneath the window.
. Maybe she should stay by the plane. Fly back to New York. Remember that she was a child, that her biggest problems should still be getting grounded from French Club because she flunked a class in school. Her biggest enemy should be the mean school principal, her greatest threat faced detention—not this. Not any of this. Kate’s mouth flattened into a thin line, as if she could read his thoughts.
didn’t know the cause, or how to predict them. Two weeks ago the spike had been bad enough that ten people were hospitalized with radiation poisoning, and two died. There were no bombs, no explosion just silent death swooping down and taking whomever it willed. Barton frowned at her from the video screen.
. His dad might be able to take on twenty guys with guns at once, but James personally didn’t like those odds for himself.
“Shield,” James mumbled, looking down at his wrist. Eventually he moved his left hand to his right, pressing the smooth object fastened there. The device sprung to life. He tapped it twice with two fingers. The device flashed red three times, then shut off. “Should do it.”
“I’m sorry ma’am, did you say you’re…Tony Stark?” Steve asked. He looked extremely confused. She winked at him.
“So you’re leaving now?” Kate asked. Her dad nodded. He still looked exhausted. He was exhausted and upset and Kate could read it on her face, and that made her worried. “Can’t you stay just another day?”
less mature in some ways. And yet, he was also darker somehow. He was masking something painful, that much was obvious, and he masked it quite successfully. But perhaps not as successfully as he thought. Steve ruffled Peter’s hair.
,” Tony corrected as the SHIELD agents all lowered their guns and she approached the group, smiling. “Antonella—Earth-3490.”
“My lips are sealed,” Tony said. It didn’t matter. As Peter walked off, wincing slightly whenever he moved the wrong way, Tony knew that he wouldn’t have to say a damn thing. His parents would know the moment they saw him. He headed back to the Avengers. Steve regarded him with scrutiny.
“Just couldn’t resist staying and listening, huh, Giggles?” Senator Stark said. Steve raised an eyebrow.
of what they’ve seen, and that includes several other universes, innumerable super villains, and fairly regular alien attacks to name just a
“No, you won’t,” he said, a small smile on his face. Tony noticed that 3490 Tony froze for a moment. He could practically hear what she was thinking.
“So I see,” Steve said. “Have you done your history essay yet? You know, the one you were complaining about three days ago? The one that’s due tomorrow?”
of normal life without the other teams.” Bruce watched as Peter climbed back onto the ceiling, apparently his new favorite place. He looked up at his favorite young ‘nephew’. “You know, people are going to start calling you ‘spider-boy’ if you don’t cut that out.”
. Took down any enemy we put in front of him with a ruthless efficiency. And wouldn’t you know it—the little bastard was one of the ones we were fighting in the cataclysm.” James yelped as 525 Steve yanked on his hair, forcing his head back, his hands finally reaching up and grasping the man’s, trying to pull him off. He was staring up at 525 Steve then, who regarded him with a pitying expression.
“Anxious? Really? We’re stuck in an alternate universe with a team of avengers who admits to killing another team of alternates, we have no way of getting home, and apparently there’s a psychotic division of AIM out for our blood. What would I
. No matter how much shit you get yourself into,” Tony said emphatically. “But even that still isn’t you, so…” Tony pulled out the other charm she’d made, a simple little arrow that she clipped on the bracelet next to the arc reactor. “
tell him in the first place. You’d have to tell him you lied. Try again with the threats, Mom. Those worked out really well with
“Still only ever kissed Peggy as far as girls are concerned, huh? And that one chick Peggy nearly shot you over,” Tony amended, vaguely recalling the story. Other Steve didn’t reply, just stared pointedly at his newspaper, his eyes not moving across the page and the muscles in his neck standing out. “How long have you been off ice again?”
a logical explanation. Steve would say he was just being paranoid if it hadn’t been for his own Tony’s discovery. They were clearly just very good at covering their tracks, and Steve found that disturbing.
let alone five minutes, but that’s all she’d said—‘give me five minutes’. Five minutes were almost up. Steve stood in a corner trying to get used to the different dimensions and heft of the spare shield Kate had handed him. There were many things in the lab Tony wanted to take a closer look at, but Kate had threatened him with bodily harm if he moved from his spot next to her. Tony had no doubt that she could and would indeed follow through on that threat.
to, because he couldn’t think of any other way to get it out of his thought process and move on. She looked at him and gave him her full attention, though she still could not drum up any enthusiasm.
. She knocked on the doorframe to the open room. Kate looked up sharply. There was guilt and sadness in her expression, and it pained Tony that this was her initial reaction.
“Now, Brandon, that’s not true—Peter has grown up hearing all about tactics, learning lessons from his parents, and I think that, those of us who watched the scrimmage with the Alts this morning would all agree that Peter fought admirably—” Dr. Pym tried, but the other students weren’t having any of it. Peter was surprised at the sudden animosity.
,” she said. “You would—if you ever found kids even egging your house, you’d invite them in for apple pie and gently show them the error of their ways. They’d be so shamed they’d turn their whole lives around and cite you in their biographies as the one person who had changed their life forever and that was why they grew up to cure cancer.” Tony couldn’t stop laughing and eventually Steve joined in.
“Can’t feel my toes,” James said, sounding mournful. Peter felt himself going cold. Either James was referring to
Steve felt sick, and it had nothing to do with any actual illness. He wondered, as the door to the basement gym slammed shut, if he had in him the same personality, the same capability for unintentional cruelty. He was certain that 3490 Steve had his excuses and explanations. He was certain that he had meant well, but all the same here was a boy (and it was strange to Steve, to think that he was only a few years younger than himself when he still seemed such a child) who was hurt and angry and clearly feeling like an outsider in his own family. Good intentions weren’t always enough.
,” Steve said as they entered the conference room. Everyone was already there, which didn’t surprise Steve. Clint and Natasha were always quick with showers and changing and never took long to eat, either. Bruce was
“I agree that there will be things that we don’t understand,” Steve said carefully, “but I think that we could be a valuable asset despite that. Obviously our team has our own way of communicating as well—really for two points of communication only you and
“Just get the job done, soldier,” he said. It sounded harsh to Natasha’s ears, but then he added, more gently, his voice laced with confidence, “I know you can.” James regarded him for a moment and then nodded his assent. He would do it.
Honestly, a big part of the reason I didn't finish this out back in 2014 were these ending fight scenes. I really struggle to write action. I don't necessarily enjoy it. It's important to the story, and it needs to be here, but I would have rather skimmed it. Can't skim the big battle though. I hope it lives up to any expectations.
“Because living on the streets of New York City would be so much better than living in my double’s family mansion,” Tony said sarcastically. “What do you think they’re going to do, drug us and harvest our organs for nefarious purposes?”
“I didn’t mean it how it must have sounded,” Steve said. He was surprised by how much effort it took to speak.
“Mission Accomplished,” the Commander said. “Let the birds fly home, B team. You’ll do more damage over the city taking them out than they will headed back to Doom’s lair. They shouldn’t cause us any more trouble today.”
“All right boys, let’s go get that flag,” he said. No need to run anymore—they walked all the way into the Alts’ territory, James merely reminding Torrun to keep Thor distracted. They grabbed the flag and ran back to their own designated area. A bell rang, and the scenery disappeared.
“Widow’s in Albania, you know that,” Tony said tersely, flicking through the papers. “Get to the point, Hawkeye.”
universe. Earth 73837—palindromes are fun. And they had no idea what the hell the multiverse was either. Took a couple months to figure out how to build a portal from scratch that also wouldn’t break the multiverse when I’d come crashing back here. Conveniently of course you all fixed that before I had to return. Well, now we have some super extra safe multiverse travel. Yay, invention of necessity. Anyway. Dragged a couple of them with me—they were curious.” Tony gestured to the back of the church, where
“Put him down, Flash,” Peter responded in kind, more firmly this time. Even from a distance, Tony could tell that the other boy was getting more agitated. His movements got a bit harsher.
“You called, big brother?” James nearly jumped out of his skin as Peter landed right in front of him, having swung through buildings. He was carrying Azari. Torrun, carrying Francis, and Billy, carrying Teddy, were right behind him. They landed just before the Avengers arrived.
. With you.” He crossed the space between them and slowly, ever so slowly and cautiously, as though she were a frightened animal that might bolt at any moment, he took her hands in his. She felt her heartbeat slow and the panic abate. “I…we have things that we need to work out. This is—this is hard and frankly I think…I think a marriage counselor might be a good idea at this point, but I’m
“You know what I meant,” he said. He rubbed circles on the back of her palm gently with his thumb. “Are you still feeling sick?”
“Anyway, my point is don’t fall in love with my mother. That’s just going to lead to heartbreak for you. Again. My advice—find your universe’s Bernie when you get back. I think it would have worked out with my dad and her, had Mom been out of the picture,” Kate advised. Then she paused, regarded Steve thoughtfully for a moment, and continued, hesitantly, “Or. You know. You
Kate felt a certain warmth melt away all the walls she’d been carefully putting up since she’d found Francis lip locked with Torrun. She felt light, and a little giddy—and a little terrified. But she was going to focus on the good feelings for the moment.
in him? How many times had James received the message that he was a disappointment? He didn’t know, because it was too many times to count. The words had long lost their potency for James, even if they forever held a sting—but to Peter, James knew, the words would be a horrible slap. Peter was the
bad news. The good news is, these holes tend to repair themselves. The bad news is that we simply have to wait until they are both repaired before moving you safely back.” Tony internally winced, waiting for the angry and/or devastated reactions. The only one to speak was Other Steve.
“Then they’re the only intelligent ones on that whole team,” Steve said, quirking an eyebrow up. Perhaps he didn’t hold the same opinion—perhaps he thought the others were more suspicious than they let on. Tony didn’t know, and Tony didn’t care, because her husband looked so very
“A bit,” he agreed. “All right, a lot. But I—I brought my duffel with me because I was planning to—to ask your forgiveness and come home. I want to work through this. And it’s Christmas.”
“You’re free to bring a guest, as well. You’ve got to have some girlfriend who’d love to get all dressed up and go dancing,” Stark said.
universe and—Tony wasn’t sure he could keep up with these emotions. He broke their eye contact and returned to looking at his plans.
“Kate, listen, I’m not trying to stop you, ok? I’m just trying to figure out the best way to get him back, all right? I’m not sure you can convince him right now. And I know I can’t,” Steve said gently. His eyes flicked, almost unwillingly, towards Tony. Despite how brief the move was, Tony caught it, as did many of the others in the room.
“All right everybody—it’s good to see you all again, well and happy and together. That’s one of the many things we have to be thankful for today. And seeing as it’s Thanksgiving—well, you all know the drill. We’re going to go around before we eat and everybody’s going to say something they’re thankful for. Be quick about it or the food’s going to go cold, yeah?” James said, earning a few chuckles. “All right. I’m thankful to be here, with everyone at this table, for one more year because every year—and every day—is a gift. Ben?” Ben smiled and gave his answer—he was thankful for his dissertation supervisor, who was looking over his project every step of the way and helping him through it. They made their way down the table. Most of the older kids had an answer prepared and were quick about it, but no one begrudged little Nicole Barton, only four years old, as she blushed and said a lot of ‘ums’ and took a while as Kate, sitting next to her, tried to prompt her and help her through it. Finally they finished up with Torrun, who was grateful for the good health and safety of all of Asgard, her other home. When James announced, “Dig in!” no one hesitated. Well, no one but Torrun, who twirled her fork in the mashed potatoes but didn’t take a bite.
Suddenly, someone ducked and rolled, landing behind their car. Kate didn’t need to see the red and blue to know it was MCU Steve. He had his hand on his earpiece, and he was shouting.
“Peter! Peter! Are you ok?” Kate cried out. She could hear Alt Steve behind her, calling out on the comms that Peter was alive.
“Oh,” Stark said, putting down his tablet. It still glowed and illuminated his face from his lap. “I’m sorry.”
“I think I’ve seen you eat more in the last eighteen hours than I have since we’ve been here,” Alt Tony said. He was leaning casually against the doorframe.
, James could practically hear his step-mother’s snark. His gut twisted painfully and he put thoughts of Tony out of his mind.
They got all the way around the circle, with a variety of confessions—some were innocent (“Never have I ever been to summer camp”, “Never have I ever puked at an amusement park or fair”), and plenty were not. They were halfway through round three around the circle when the phone in Tony’s pocket started ringing. Tony excused herself from the circle and walked just a bit away from the happy (and largely roaring drunk) group. It wasn’t often that Tony’s actual cell phone rang. Typically her business calls were ranked in order of importance and routed through JARVIS who then contacted her directly through her internal Extremis connections. So, she had a business phone which she largely kept in a drawer in the mansion and just used her mind to answer most things. A phone call usually meant Peter or Kate was calling, or possibly her secretary at SHIELD in the event of a real emergency (that happened a bit more often). Tony didn’t, however, recognize the number that was calling.
“Blue is on time,” Kate said, muting her mic. “So far, we’re according to plan. Doesn’t seem Hydra has detected either of us yet, but be on your guards. Just like we planned—Iron Man, Thor, you stay here with your Bruce and Barton, and when you see the signal, you fly them out and you crush the Hydra forces from the right.”
going to die here. Slowly, ever so slowly, he raised himself up onto his elbows. Adrenaline pounded through his heart as some plaster cracked and fell to dust next to him. If he couldn’t get up, he was dead. He tried to get his good leg under him again, but his tailbone felt like it was on fire. Every movement below the waist was agony.
. And if it’s not safe to help the other person? You call for somebody else and you ditch them if you have to,” Kate said.
“Water,” James gasped as the Captain landed a punch to his gut. At first Peter didn’t understand, but then he saw the shallow little pond that James was staggering backward into. Peter weighed his options—he could continue to run and hope that Clint would pursue him, but it seemed unlikely—at some point, he knew, the man was going to stop and
!” Kate burst out. “I bet that’s what Mom said too, isn’t it? When she went back into the building? That she’d be
“How the hell does ‘I’m going to rip out the battery’ take more than three seconds to explain? You could have told me that instead of flying off dramatically—“
,” mature Tony replied. “And I for one—hey, is that Wolverine in the garden?” The garden, of course, was displayed by the window off to the left. Female Tony, after having said her piece, ducked to the right and ran. Unfortunately, mature Steve was neither gullible nor slow. Female Tony squawked as he caught her around the middle and lifted her up.
Steve had hold of his little boy’s hand. Well, he wasn’t so little anymore. He had never been particularly small. He had grown up big and healthy and boisterous in ways that Steve never was. He hadn’t quite known what to do with him, Steve could admit that now. He did not know how to teach respect that had been, for him, born of a lived situation. He did not know how to teach things that Steve himself instinctively understood, did not know how to make the most of the brief summers he had with his son in order to teach him honesty and integrity and
“A little,” Peter admitted. “But not completely. I mean, yeah, you were doing drugs, but Mom could have told Dad about it, and she didn’t. And
“Stark, I really didn’t mean that the way it must have—” Steve tried, but Tony was quick, and they had already reached the ballroom once more. The music was loud, and so was the crowd, and it would be difficult for Steve to be heard as he chased the eccentric Senator through the room, so he didn’t try. He just concentrated on weaving in and out of the crowd, but Stark eluded him, and then he went one place that Steve couldn’t follow—he went up to the podium. As he walked up the steps, the music slowly stopped, and the people began to clap. Steve snuck around to the side of the stage, watching his charge carefully from the side.
us and MacGyver us into some complicated trap, but if he didn’t see it coming? That kid would be very easy to kill or kidnap. He’s way vulnerable. And even Kate with her powers wouldn’t stand a chance against our full team. Why bring us here if they were plotting something terrible? And why haven’t they just
This one I wrote that fall too. You can tell, because there are still enthusiastic Game of Thrones references.
“Hey, if there’s one thing I’m good at,” Alt Tony said with a grin that quickly disappeared. “Seriously though you should probably get checked out. Who knows what kind of strain your body is going through right now?” Peter jammed his hands in his pockets.
The dining room table had somehow been elongated and more chairs and been added than Steve cared to count. Even with all that space, Steve knew that there was an almost equally large table set up in the kitchen that was the ‘kids’ table’. Kate had put up decorations with the help of 3490 Steve. Steve had almost expected a catering company to bring food to the table—after all, how could they possibly cook for that many people, many with super metabolisms?—but as people filtered in, Steve realized that everyone was tasked with bringing something along, often a multiple of something already there (later, during dinner, the Avengers would good naturally fight over who got to eat Jan’s mashed potatoes (infinitely superior to Reed’s), or who got a slice of the pumpkin pie that Kate had cooked with her father, which was better than Logan’s store-bought contribution).
Steve had not taught him love. Steve had tried. But somewhere along the way, amidst all the lectures, the
Honestly he probably would if anyone asked. Honestly honestly, he kind of already was, in relaying what he’d gone through to get the gauntlet and five of the six stones.
“You’re the dancing queen, young and sweet, only seventeeeeeeen!” they half-sung, half-spoke in a chorus as the music played. Steve was highly amused. It was a ridiculous sight, his older self rhythmically drying dishes as Tony scrubbed, intermittently using the long scrub brush as a microphone. They were entirely free from prying eyes, whether that was true or not. They were wholly unselfconscious.
Tony panicked momentarily. Usually, in the presence of Steve no one asked him for ideas, unless they were tech related. But this? This was strategy related and unless someone didn’t think of something quick, that suit would get close enough to take them all out—three people didn’t hide so well behind a single shield.
things anymore, Pepperoni?” female Tony pouted. It was a pout that Pepper recognized, though she hadn’t seen it on female Tony before. Double Pepper raised one eyebrow.
“Emergency Field Medicine,” Kate said, and then she raised an eyebrow. “Are you even CPR certified?”
“Not in an official capacity but his input is always taken into heavy consideration. Commander Rogers is in charge of all Superhuman task forces,” Tony replied. “It’s a large job, to put it mildly.”
Around four Tony and Pepper left the library, made curious by shouts coming from the living room. Upon arrival, Tony took in the situation—an N64 was hooked up to the television, and Mario Kart played on the screen. Steve, Clint, Thor, and Natasha played while Jane half watched and half scrolled through a tablet.
Tony ran a hand through her hair. She felt like she had aged a hundred years in just this past one. If it weren’t for the fact that she was terrified by the idea of anyone else in her position, she would have quit on the second day.
“No one is going to murder me in my own tower, Giggles. You can take the night off,” the Senator said.
“Tony Stark is a ‘whatever time of day’ person she needs to be,” 3490 Tony said. “And today, I need to be the kind of person who gets up early and goes into work promptly. The Director of SHIELD really can’t take many days off.” 3490 Tony sipped at her coffee. A clear tablet lay flat on the table, and occasionally she scrolled through it with her finger, but Tony wondered if that was just habit—he’d seen her make computers scroll with nothing but a thought before.
’s ok right now, Rogers,” Tony said, doing his best not to snap at the other man and stay quiet enough that he wouldn’t disturb the kids. What a stupid question. “Antonella’s dead, some mysterious gang is trying to
“Well, being your offspring, occasionally I stop by,” James said. At his father’s skeptical look, he shrugged. “Tony asked me over. Something in the lab she wants me to try. Probably military related, I don’t know. It doesn’t matter.”
“We uh, we went through a rough patch after that. I mean, we’d been in a rough patch for months, with him trying to deal with me dying and
of love that was? I mean you didn’t have to—we could have avoided this if you’d just told me you didn’t want to date me, Francis,” Kate said, trying not to let the hurt bleed through her voice. She was going to grit her teeth through this and she’d have her cry (another one) once he’d left. But he frowned and put his other hand on her other arm.
. I spent half an hour last night comforting a male stripper having a ‘it’s not you, it’s me’ conversation, and I
. The alien was hit right in the stomach with a shield of red, white, and blue. Steve appeared on the roof just behind Tony, popping up over the side just in time to catch the shield which inexplicably boomeranged back to him.
“Well, that wasn’t exactly what I expected,” Tony said, breaking the silence. “When Tony told us we’d be fighting the kids I kind of expected them to break out the Nerf guns. Now I’m just worried what these little monsters could do with foam bullets. Probably take out a few eyes at least.” Steve had to chuckle at that.
Peter didn’t know if James liked ball games or not. He sat stoically in his seat, clapping for the team whenever anything exciting happened but not doing anything else. He was silent. When they were kids, he’d been more enthusiastic about it, as had Peter. They used to get hot dogs and chew bubblegum and go for ice cream later in the day as a family (minus Mom, who didn’t have the patience for sports). It was a day for junk food and screaming your lungs out and had once actually been fun. But then they’d both gotten older. James and Dad started fighting more frequently. James moved to New York for the military academy, and contrary to what
thing. So, what, you’d rather stay in New York? I guess that makes sense. You grew up here, didn’t you? But there’s nothing
“Yeah, if only it wouldn’t take me several bottles of this sticky sweet shit to get there,” Antonella said. She examined the glass. “God, if I weren’t pregnant I would’ve gone for the good shit in that cabinet.” Tony froze, but Antonella kept right on talking. “Fuck twenty years of sobriety, I’d throw all the AA chips in the fucking trash. I don’t even think my kids could keep me away from it right now. I don’t think I have the strength left. You’re the first person I’ve told that. Not about the drinking, though, that too, I guess.
“I think we’re all done with the weird shit for this year,” Fury said with some bite. “I’ve exceeded my goddamn quota.”
“I don’t understand,” Tony said. She had no idea what was going on. She had no idea why they’d attacked, what they were trying to accomplish. His words would make more sense later, when she had her arms wrapped around her husband, when he whispered to her in horror that 525 had thought, in some twisted way, that they were doing
“Handsome, but, no, he’s been favoring blondes lately. I’ll put twenty on the lean blonde with the movie-star smile at three o’clock,” Natasha replied. Steve looked around until he spotted the one she must have meant. The man attracted looks from men and women alike, and there seemed to be almost a line forming of people who wanted to dance with him. He was magnetic, but so was Tony. And if it was one thing that Steve knew, it was that two magnets were just as likely to repulse each other as attract.
“It’s only been two years for you, right?” she asked. Alt Steve looked at her from the corner of his eye.
, another of the other Tony’s more brilliant inventions) a while back. He could see the grand castle from where they set down, across some rolling hills and forest, set high on a mountain. This wasn’t the first time he’d had to assault a castle. He had a niggling feeling it wasn’t going to be the last, either.
me? And it took a moment, before the shock on his father’s face faded, before his eyes began to wet and tears leaked out of the corners, unbidden.
“If it’ll put your mind at ease I don’t think he’ll mind,” 3490 Steve acquiesced. Tony expected his double to go find a tablet, but she just stood there. Her eyes moved back and forth, gradually widening.
Peter leapt into action. Alt Natasha came straight at him, not worrying about the flag. She must have come to a similar strategic conclusion as Peter—kill your opponent first, and then you can
Tony, his beautiful, ridiculous, eccentric, genius, loving wife waltzed into the kitchen just then and began rummaging about the cupboards. She’d dressed in her favorite Black Sabbath shirt—the one she’d had for longer than she’d known Steve—and simple yoga pants. Tony, he knew, adored yoga pants for working in the workshop because they were “basically pajamas but also semi-acceptable outdoors clothes”. Tony leaned down to pull a pot out of the cabinet, and Steve had to admit—he liked yoga pants, too. As he averted his eyes for decorum’s sake, he noticed that someone else liked yoga pants, too. Well, perhaps he wasn’t someone else, exactly, but enough so.
The real shame of it, Natasha thought as she shot a masked soldier in the thigh, was that for all they knew the soldiers cried for peace or to surrender themselves, but no one understood their tongue. Natasha wondered how many ancient wars had been started in a similar fashion.
“Of course,” Commander Rogers said. “We’ll let you know.” Steve took that as the dismissal it was and left the hallway where they had been speaking. He strode out into the living room where the team was waiting.
“Kate you know that I—I care about you, Kate,” Francis said, sounding highly uncomfortable. Kate felt that knot twist. Oh, God. She
?” Steve asked, his voice harsh. He’d taken a blow to the throat at some point and couldn’t speak very well. 525 Steve glanced down at him.
“I’m not sure he’s capable of faking that full body blush he got when he saw me in my nightgown,” she said, thoroughly amused. “Even if he’s not an amateur superhero, he’s an amateur at
and if I wanted to get blackout drunk and sleep away the next week or month or year I was entitled to it—but he stayed and said that if I was going to get blackout drunk, I was going to do it with him there and—well, that ruined it. And I can remember just hitting him on the chest over and over again and crying my eyes out and eventually I guess I stopped hitting him. And he just—stayed. Put me to bed. And that was the end of that. I always figured I’d’ve given myself alcohol poisoning or choked on my own vomit or something if he hadn’t stayed. I guess you’re a testament to the fact that that’s not true,” Antonella mused. “Dunno what that says about me, or my marriage. I’m not sure I want to think about it too much.”
“You got a thing about killing yourself to close portals?” the Captain demanded. “Supersoldier. With a vibranium shield. I’ve got the best chance of surviving an explosion this close. Get off the roof, Iron Man, and that’s an
“What’s the situation, Barton?” Tony asked. She had her best pair of eyes patched in through a secure channel as she sat in her office, reading through various classified documents, trying to piece together a mystery. There had been worrying energy spikes all along the eastern seaboard since before the alternate avengers arrived. They
high school classes here, we’re like the snooty rich kids whose parents’ connections and money got them into an Ivy League school. We’re
Steve’s guess was unfortunately wrong, and he ran smack into the irate teen as they both rounded the corner.
“Goodbye Rogerson! I hope you enjoy your day at the institute of learning and expand your mind greatly.” Peter gave him a small grin before he was out the door.
anyone we were married after the first. The team knew, but it wasn’t a public affair. In my last month, what should have been my last month, I mean, I injected the Extremis virus into my system. It was after I forgot my children existed—again. I couldn’t take it anymore. I was sick and dying and so very tired of fighting. I wanted it to end or I wanted my life to end. Either way, I wasn’t going to keep going like that. Clearly, it worked out. It could have gone wrong, but I did all my calculations right and I came out of it alive and better than ever. And still quite married to Steve.
but an EMP arrow, Barton,” Commander Rogers snarled, leaving the the threat hanging. His intent was clear enough. Steve had never seen such rage on his double’s face, and it was disconcerting.
?” Tony pointed to a specific calculation on the screen. Bruce took off his glasses, polishing them on his shirt. It was an irritated tick, Tony knew.
. “And because he has moral standards so high I have no idea how he doesn’t fall off them and break his neck. He’s judgmental and annoying and stubborn as
So Tony waited in the empty penthouse, cleared of furniture except for a long refreshments table near the back. Though it was empty, it was heavily decorated with all sorts of Christmas items. In years past, they would decorate the penthouse as a family, but as the kids got older they saved the Christmas decorations to doing the tree at the mansion and hired a decorator to take charge of the penthouse. There was also a tree in the penthouse, a truly massive one that was positively brimming with ornaments. Every year the Avengers would all spend the night in the tower and celebrate the holiday together in the morning—a remainder from the time when none of them had families of their own. They would open gifts from one another and then return home for their separate Christmas celebrations. It worked well, Tony thought. They were truly one big family. Only Tony didn’t much feel family oriented on this particular day. For the most part, she just felt drained. She looked at her watch and tapped her foot impatiently. 4:05. Steve was fashionably late.
“It goes to the store room,” Azari said helpfully. “The Commander said someone would be by later to put some perishables in the store room for us.” Steve stiffened all over his body.
you got transported to an alternate universe? Any ideas?” Tony asked, feeling harangued. There was going to be a main dish of scallops, and a chocolate cake with a raspberry sauce that was to
as a couple. There was zero romantic tension there. Although, they did have that bland, straight face of bureaucracy that would as soon tell you to fill out the correct form as shoot you in the chest. Even with that, Clint didn’t think they were believable at all, but somehow they had convinced 3490 that they were dating and wished to attend a double date with Natasha and Clint.
Bucky came by, eventually, putting a hand—his flesh one—on Steve’s shoulder. Steve could hear him talking.
“Well, fine then,” she said. “Go overseas then and get shot at and come home in a body bag. Because that’s what’s going to happen. And I am
He would hardly remember, however, to ask about the magician woman and her robot husband, as shortly after them the last arrivals came in through the door—Natasha, and a man who was unmistakably Bucky Barnes.
“Peter! I can’t find Francis anywhere—Nicole’s exhausted, but Steve needs to talk to me about a mission—would you mind setting her up in a bedroom downstairs?” Clint asked. The four-year-old had her head buried in her father’s shoulder as he held her up.
Francis Barton understood Katherine Elizabeth Rogers better than ninety-eight percent of people. The two percent that understood her better included herself, her brothers, her parents, and no one else. Francis was her closest friend and had been for years. They were also something more than that, though. Francis knew that. He thought Kate knew it, too—but he’d managed to screw everything up. They hadn’t, after all, been terribly clear about the status of their unique
. I’ll—we can talk about it later. But you’re going to start training hand-to-hand with me from now on. Maybe even once a day,” Steve said, lacing up his sneakers. His teammates—especially Tony—looked at him like he was nuts, but Steve didn’t care. He’d found the perfect solution to their problems. A
“Hey Uncle Bruce,” Peter said, giving him an upside down wave. “So uh. I got bit by a genetically altered possibly radioactive spider and now we’re doing science. Sound fun?”
“Are they keeping things contained?” the Commander demanded. Tony looked around through the throng of doombots that surrounded him—no, they definitely weren’t keeping things contained. A few doombots at the back of the pack were fleeing off in other directions. Thor was taking down the ones that he could, but there were a lot of little bots.
“Then I want to keep an eye on them. A close one. And separate the head from the shoulders so to speak—Fury, Hill, and Coulson will stay at the Triskelion. I’ll take the others home,” Tony said as the opening sequence to a new episode rolled. Bruce looked surprised.
It was all amplified, Peter felt, by all the other tensions in the bunker. None of the other kids ever spoke the words “Iron Man”. Peter would sometimes encounter Billy and Teddy and Tommy and Francis gathered together, talking quietly and then loudly changing the subject the moment Peter entered the room. Talking about what had happened at the tower had somehow become Off Limits around the Rogers kids, in an unspoken agreement that Peter certainly hadn’t had anything to do with. To him, it felt more like walking on eggshells. Avoiding a topic wouldn’t make it go away. Pretending nothing had happened wouldn’t bring his mother back. Not only was there
“I doubt vegetarians much like burgers,” Steve interjected as the elevator door opened. He and Tony walked through together.
. She hadn’t. But she couldn’t imagine having twenty years without that voice in her head. She examined the lines on Other Tony’s face. She wondered if those were from stress or alcohol or depression or all three. It was probably all three. She wondered how he managed to stave off self-loathing without Steve. She guessed that he didn’t.
,” Tony disagreed. “It’s more…if I can look at her like a sister, I don’t have to admit she’s a more perfect version of me.”
“Well, they look like AIM but that’s all I’ve got,” James said. “Dad might have a clue but last I saw he was incommunicado—I don’t think he’s going to be quite right until Tony flies out of that wreckage.”
“Nothing to apologize for, Katie,” Clint repeated, pulling her back in. Kate put her arms around his neck and put her face into his shoulder. Kate had thought she was all out of tears, but still they leaked from her eyes and onto Clint’s shirt. She let herself just take comfort in the hug, take comfort in knowing that everything between them was okay again, even if Kate felt like nothing, in general, was ever going to be ok again.
“The game is more dangerous if we do not,” the Commander replied. “If our universe falls apart, it won’t collapse in on
, of Tony’s alcohol saturated breath ghosting across his neck. Steve’s heartbeat increased its pace.
the Director,” Tony said coolly. “But yes, actually. He knows. He doesn’t exactly approve but he didn’t raise any serious objections, either. After the last alternate avengers team he knows it’s a prudent move.”
He wasn’t sure when or how it happened, but suddenly he was looking up at the lights on the ceiling. They were beautiful lights, all soft and yellow, with a shiny chandelier in the center of the room.
When the elevator stopped, they were in a vast workshop. There were cars along the wall, and, in the back, some type of metal suit in the back. Well, everyone did say that Stark was crazy. Steve stood by the elevator and waited, prepared to be in for a long night before Natasha would come to take over for him in the morning. But that was all right. Steve didn’t sleep much, anyway.
“Ok, A) thanks, that’s unexpectedly cool of you, and B) if you call me ‘little miss’ ever again I will hand your balls to you on a silver platter, Captain America or no,” Kate said. There was a deadly serious look on her face, and Steve decided not to ever call her bluff on the off chance that it was
“That’s not ever going to be you,” Steve said. Tony blinked and stared at him for a moment. “You don’t have Extremis, and you don’t need it. You are Iron Man, even if you don’t have the suit seeping out through your bones.”
Still, Kate thought, there could be a lot of damage done. When they actually ended up saving the day, would there be a day left to save? What would it look like? Kate felt uneasy. She didn’t want to know. She just wanted this to be over.
“Mmm,” Tony replied. “Well, it’s time you should get out there. Steve had barely been defrosted six months when I dragged him to Cambridge to hit some college parties.” Steve, free from his blush now, did not look very enthusiastic. Tony smiled. “You’d have fun, I promise. You just need someone to drag you there first. You just need a me, really.” Tony was casually sipping on her coffee before she realized what she’d said. She knew her eyes widened a bit, but she couldn’t help it. Other Steve had a lost puppy dog look on his face, and she
across the screen. Steve’s own heart nearly stopped—there in the heart of Manhattan were the Chitauri, wreaking havoc unchecked. Steve ran to the hallway—3490 Tony and Steve were already running out the door.
“Only one way to find out. Come on, Commander. Let’s go investigate,” Tony said, but as they were walking to the stairs, she froze in horror.
“I don’t want to be a dick about it,” she said. “But this isn’t helping you. At all. This is making everything worse for you. And you know, at the moment, it’s kind of shitty for me, too. So just—just keep your distance, yeah? I don’t mean move out of the mansion or anything. Just—go out a bit more. Visit some museums. Drag Pepper—either Pepper—with you. She likes art. Uh, don’t fall for her either, though, that’s probably a bad idea. Watch old sci-fi with Bruce, he’ll like that. Go play basketball with your Tony. Take Natasha to the ballet. Bond with your team. It’ll be good for you.”
“No, Steven, I don’t,” 3490 Tony said. “And neither would you if ever had to play bad cop with that child.”
“Of course. It’s the coward’s way out to ask you to do it. I’ll have to do it myself, won’t I? I’m sorry about this,” 525 Tony said. He sounded genuinely remorseful. He flicked his hand upwards. Tony didn’t realize what was happening until it was too late—her arm was raise back up again, the gauntlet whirring to life, to full blast. The shot had gone off before Tony could do anything to stop it, even if she had had the power to. Tony screamed in horror when her double fell back, a hole blasted right through the center of his chest. She got back control of her armor, but she felt frozen to the spot. The gaping hole in his chest was steaming—cauterized instantly by the same blast that caused it. His glassy brown eyes stared up at the ceiling. He looked relieved.
. The Master Spy couldn’t manage to send a single message? Fury made a face, like Steve was the dumbest person on the planet.
No, it wasn’t the grief, on second thought. James had grieved plenty those first weeks. No, it was the fact of Life Without Tony. The every day of it. It was the fact that she wouldn’t be downstairs in the morning, clutching a cup of coffee like it was the only thing keeping her heart beating. She wouldn’t be bossing around Dad while he made pancakes. She wouldn’t be teasing Kate and Peter at the table, wouldn’t be asking him about how his life was going and did he have a new girlfriend?
“You’ll see. I can always change the design, if you’re not happy with it. I just figured I’d go with traditional. But if you come up with something on your own, I can change it,” Tony said, not answering. She checked the strength of the strap and had him wave his arm frantically to make sure it wouldn’t come loose. She nodded, satisfied. “All right. Touch the surface with any of your fingers on your left hand. It’s coded to you—and to me, so I could make adjustments, but, that’s it. Go on.” James gave her a skeptical look—Tony had been known to prank people with her ‘experiments’ upon occasion—but then did as she asked. As soon as his index finger touched the cool metal, the device sprung to life.
? Steve always had to wonder. They all sat at the kitchen table, gathered there like naughty children caught stealing the cookie jar. Commander Rogers was the only one standing, his hands in fists on top of the table. “Your recklessness—all of you—could have killed us all.”
girls I’ve ever met,” he said as her expression slowly cleared of anger. “Besides, somebody takes off your head with an axe? I don’t think you’re coming back from that. You have just as much to risk when you step in the field, even if you’re a little harder to take down. Mortal, immortal—I’ve no doubt you’d be just as stupidly reckless and brave either way.” Then he smirked. “Well, ok, maybe you wouldn’t actively get in the way of explosions quite as often, but you know what I mean.” Torrun just smiled in response, then went back to her dinner with much more enthusiasm. James did the same—his green bean casserole was going to get cold and he could
It was not an unfamiliar position. Steve was very used to commanding the Howling Commandos and various other military personnel. But he certainly felt out of his league these days. After all, what could he say that would be of use now that they were trapped in an alternate universe? Tony could offer more solutions than he could. All the same, he cleared his throat.
“Yup, total nerd, big nerd me,” Peter agreed. He opened the hatch, balancing his brother on top of him as best as he could, pulling him more upright. James tried to take more of his own weight on his good leg. Peter helped him down the stairs—every hop seemed to drain the life right out of him, and Peter could admit—to himself if not to James—that he was scared out of his mind. Peter pulled the hatch shut above them and then moved to the door to the tunnel. They went through but only made it a few steps before James slumped against Peter entirely, falling slowly to the ground. Peter just helped him down. “Jamie? Call me a nerd. Tell me I’m the squarest square you’ve ever met.”
If there was one moment when you were guaranteed to catch 3490 Tony sitting still, it was while she drank her morning coffee. Tony always found that funny since he never bothered to sit still for coffee. 3490 Tony seemed to find it—at least the first coffee of the day—a sacred ritual. Usually, though, her husband was up and drinking coffee with her, which is why Tony was surprised to find her in the kitchen alone at five in the morning, fully dressed for work. Tony ignored her initially, pouring himself a cup of coffee for himself first. It wasn’t until after his first sip that he spoke.
today was report card day. They would ask about it. And Kate wouldn’t put it past her mother to double check with the school about her grades, either, considering the past month, which meant that if she wanted to really keep it hidden, she’d have to hack the school’s system and change her grades… She knew
Steve was lost in her brown eyes. What she was saying wasn’t quite adding up in his mind just yet, but he felt himself moving, his trembling hands coming up to cover the ones she had on his face. She smiled, and it was soft, and sad, and no, no that was wrong, Tony shouldn’t be sad—
They were in central park. Steve had no doubt they had been followed, or were being tracked, or both. Probably both. Steve knew Hawkeye was keeping an eye out, trying to see if they could spot their tail.
“Tony,” he said, his voice ragged. “Tony, I—” He took a deep breath, and Tony was surprised. He was doing his best not to cry. She had seen him tear up a few times—when the twins were born, when they were married—but had only ever seen him cry
“Damn it, we don’t have time for this,” the Captain snapped. He grabbed Tony. Tony was too surprised to do anything as the Captain picked him up, suit and all, and physically
His brain started working again at some point, and he managed to pilot the Iron Man again, stabilizing in the air and managing to pull up before he made a big Tony Pancake on the ground. Tony was definitely not a flavor of pancake he ever wanted to taste. He preferred blueberry.
could probably break James’ neck with little effort now, even if he still looked like a scrawny kid, even if the big bad older brother pinning the scrawny sixteen year old to the wall
“And yet I still came,” Steve said. He was dressed in blacks slacks and a simple Christmas sweater. Christmas sweaters were standard attire for the party. Some years they made it a contest to see who could find the most hideous one of all. Tony had won one year—she’d found a sweater with a Christmas tree on the front which lit up with full Christmas lights. If you squeezed one of the ornaments at the bottom, it would play
“I can see you—now what?” Peter asked. He yelped as he narrowly avoided a kick from Clint by dropping to the ground and rolling, hitting his shoulder again as he went.
have happened, they saw him less and less until he went to West Point and they hardly saw him at all. Whenever he
about this world. You might accidentally blow it up by destroying the wrong evil robot.” She stood up, arching one perfect eyebrow. “Trust me, none of you
“It’s a…projector?” James asked. There in thin air was a shield like his father’s. It was clearly a holograph, and it moved when he moved his arm.
,” Stark said. His hands worked over a holographic display, changing around bits and pieces on a model of a big metal suit. “Flying into enemy territory, dropping down, infiltrating the base—You ever seen a psychiatrist, Rogers? Someone with a death wish that big should probably get evaluated.”
“Ma’am, seeing as you appear to recognize us, could we get your name?” Steve asked very politely. Steve was pretty much always polite.
“So what are you guys doing playing cards down here anyway? Party’s upstairs,” Peter said casually. This seemed to be the question they were dreading as several shoulders tensed.
“I’ll let everyone here fawn over me a little bit longer,” Tony said with the kind of grin only Tony could give, and Steve’s heart soared. “And then we can go to the la—the gym.”
The fact that he was doing this, part of Peter’s own brain couldn’t even comprehend. They were finally going to take out the Big Bad, and he finally had powers, he was finally useful, he finally didn’t have to be
Thirty seconds. James could see a set of Avengers running towards them, but he couldn’t see Peter. His heart skipped a beat. He couldn’t leave his brother behind. He couldn’t leave Francis or Torrun or Azari or Billy or Teddy or
first, so you can be made aware of situations you don’t comprehend, so you can better evaluate emergencies. You are all
Natasha was about as bent on attacking him as he was on her—so much so that he could be certain she would continue to attack him even if he backed off. He did so, retreating, moving in other directions, leading her deeper into another area of the forest.
“What was the brand name on the gun that shot down your best friend, Steve? Was that HammerTech too? Somehow I doubt it. Is that why you didn’t vote for me?”
“Aye, the Captain is a ruthless foe!” Thor agreed with Tony’s sentiment. “Already he has attacked me with several shells of red.”
“Just because it worked here doesn’t mean anything,” Tony told him quietly as he got up. Steve looked at him, surprised. Tony wasn’t returning his gaze. He looked far away, lost in thought.
“DON’T BE INSANE!” Bucky screamed over the chaos, and then they were both running, running away from the tower as the whole building came down in slow motion.
“Sure,” she said, stepping just to the side of the clear boxes of spiders. Peter brought the camera up to his eyes and looked through the view finder. He snapped a few shots.
, Tony thought privately. She wondered when she’d get a chance to send a text. She didn’t want Steve to think she’d stood him up or forgotten. Tony removed the needle from Other Jane’s arm, placing a cotton ball on the injection site and handing her a band-aid she could apply herself. She took the syringe in hand and looked at its contents. Well, at least it wasn’t Skrull blood.
“EAT IT, EAT IT, EAT IT, EAT IT.” Tony moved around a bit until he saw a gap in the circle he could look through; some giant of a kid held another boy upside down, smashing his face into a plate of food. Tony felt relief when he realized it wasn’t Peter. Steve got out of the car, coming to stand where Tony was.
keeps happening,” MCU Steve said, expression dark and concerned. Suddenly, seemingly out of nowhere, James’ father appeared, a wildness in his eyes that James had never seen. He grabbed his double and slammed him up against the nearest brick wall. Apparently MCU Steve hadn’t been the only one to notice his popularity with the AIM agents.
“Work with the alternates but do not let your guards down, people,” he told them team over the communication systems. “I have no idea where that other Tony found that suit, but he’s obviously more clever than we gave him credit for despite being behind technologically—”
“Of course,” Tony replied. He let her go, feeling a bit embarrassed. He still couldn’t quite believe the gift she had given him.
what he’s doing?” Tony nodded stiffly. “Good. Then we all have our orders. Tasha, Clint, you and I are going to scope out locations where those three and the kid can work without raising too many suspicions. There’s one other thing we need to discuss, though. I think we should be helping out 3490 in battle.”
, Clint,” Steve said, rolling his eyes at his teammate’s perpetual immaturity and trying his best not to think of the sweet feel of soft lips on his cheek. Clint looked at him hard.
“Here,” Tony said, handing him the icepack. “It’ll be easier to keep on you if you just lie down. And I brought you the bottle of tylenol. Don’t take too much—you
Somehow, Steve had talked 3490 into going along with this little plan, letting them have their own space to work. Tony knew he’d have to sweep it for bugs every time they went—hard to do, with Antonella’s technology—but it could work as a space to start building their own device to get themselves home…if only Tony had any idea where to start.
ourselves, if not from them then from others, is a good strategy.” There was silence for a moment as they all considered.
One by one, they all agreed until it was just down to Jeanne, Brandon, and their crew. Until Jeanne finally sighed, her arms crossed.
“I’ve never really thought about this before,” Steve said slowly. Guilty—he couldn’t have Tony, another Tony, feeling guilty for something that wasn’t his fault. Tony locked eyes with him. Steve slid his away, staring at the ceiling again. That was easier than drowning in the duplicate of his wife’s eyes. “Tony. Being dead. I should have. We have—we have dangerous jobs. And Tony—Tony, she was terminal,
“Hill mentioned that Alt Romanov showed up at the Triskelion yesterday morning,” Steve told his wife, running a hand through her long, dark hair.
“Yeah, there doesn’t ever seem to be, does there?” Tony mumbled, taking a seat. Steve pulled out a chair beside him. “Kid’s a moron.”
any friends? Kate didn’t know; the other girl was regarded as cold and emotionless by practically everyone) were all at the Academy. It was probably a bit of a low blow, to throw it in her face, but Jeanne irritated her in a way that none of the other students ever did. Kate started to walk away, but her legs were kicked out from under her, and she fell on the hard concrete floor of the gym directly on her tailbone. She gasped in pain and only had just enough presence of mind to roll away as Jeanne leveled a kick to her face. Kate nearly got snagged on her own duffel bag as she escaped, but the strap fell away from her.
blue. “It’s because you’re a good person, Tony. One of the best.” Tony settled on being humorous instead of embarrassed. It was easier that way.
“Didn’t study last night and the test is today. Are these the Alts? Dad said something about Alts,” Peter said. He gulped down the spoonful of cereal so quickly Tony didn’t think he could have possibly managed to chew. 3490 Tony nodded.
Steve felt his hopes soaring at the sight of his son there at the table. He’d come of his own freewill, without having been asked or coaxed or coerced or even expected. Perhaps his strategy was working—give him space to stretch his wings, and inevitably he’d fly back home when the day was done. Steve prayed it was so. James stood and shook his hand as Steve came to the table. It wasn’t a hug, but Steve would take it. James had always treated him with a degree of formality, due in large part to his military upbringing, but also due to the fact that Steve and his son had never developed a strong bond, at least not as strong a bond as Steve wanted. Hell, it wasn’t even half as strong as the relationship he had with Peter. He hated that. But, at this time, he would take what he could get. James showing up at the mansion, shaking his hand—that was thrilling, really.
“Wouldn’t have been my first choice as a border collie substitute, but what do you know, he could be winning championships,” Tony said. As the breach closed up he lifted the face plate and grinned at Steve and Steve huffed a laugh back.
“You said it right before you passed out. You asked us where he was,” Stark said, looking at him intently now.
“All right, everybody take one shot now,” Tony instructed as she finished filling up all the glasses in the circle. It was just like MIT all over again, with everyone sitting cross legged on the floor. Only, at MIT she hadn’t had a sweet penthouse to house everyone—now, they played a drinking game on the floor despite the abundance of leather seating, in order to sit closer to the windows with the irresistible view of New York City at night. “Always best to get a little lubed up before the main event, know what you’re drinking.” Everyone obeyed her order without question. Other Tony examined the shot glass when he finished, staring at it in confusion. The other Alts held similar expressions, but her own team was well used to her masterful mixes.
“Don’t be,” Steve said softly. He pushed back some hair falling onto her forehead. She still felt cold and clammy, and he knew from the way her chest moved that her breathing wasn’t quite back to normal just yet. “You couldn’t help it, couldn’t control it.”
stuff with that genius. I mean, he’s helped her on important projects, made some of his own. Stuff that will actually impact the world, make a difference. Dad just
with Peter, James knew. “You wanted to go to Avengers Academy so badly? Fine. You start on Monday, and maybe there you’ll learn some things about using those powers of yours.”
of them. More than their tiny team—minus two for MCU Steve and his keeper, and then halved to spare their strength—could handle. They had been about to be overwhelmed when the Chitauri just disappeared—along with a few cops and soldiers who had been too close in the fighting. They were off to another place and time, Kate assumed.
“I’m coming around the big willow tree on the left side in about five seconds—got eyes on that?” Peter asked quickly.
“How many species of alien can you name? Their weak points, strong points, whether or not they’re typically friendlies?” she asked. Again, their group was silent. Steve only knew of the Chitauri and the Asgardians. Steve knew that Thor knew many more, but he wondered—did he know them all? Would they encounter
“Well,” said Bruce, “that’s Tuesdays for you, isn’t it?” Tony held out the syringe filled with blood and Bruce took it in his hand. He squinted his eyes and turned it so it caught the light differently. “Human for sure. Universe testing?” Tony nodded. “I’ll be as quick as I can, but it will be a few hours at least.” Bruce disappeared back down the stairs as quickly as he’d come, but that was Bruce for you. He was always in his lab. That left Tony with the incompetent Alts. She wondered whether it was worth making conversation or if she could just watch
December 24, 2016, a Saturday. It was Christmas Eve, the day of the Annual Avengers' Christmas Party. She hadn’t seen or spoken to her husband in a week and a half. That hadn’t been
“They would have destroyed the Avengers. If they had done that, no doubt earth’s enemies would have gotten wind of it and yes, in time, earth would have been destroyed or enslaved or… I don’t know. People would have died,” he said.
“Oh, yes, yes I do,” Natasha replied. Steve marched towards the door, opened it up and headed into the basement. It was an unadorned room, made entirely of concrete. There was a treadmill and a weight bench and a few other things—a couple of yoga mats, some individual weights, a punching bag—but not much. Significantly, there was a distinct lack of James. He turned right back around and headed up the stairs, the Avengers of his own universe watching him carefully. Some of the kids were watching him intently, too.
me,” Kate said. Peter’s expression was one of total irritation and exasperation. “No, no, I believe you, I just—when the hell did
“ARE YOU CRAZY?” he yelled. There was a pause. “THAT DOESN’T EXCUSE IT—YOU CAN’T GO CHARGING OFF GUNG-HO BY YOURSELF UP AGAINST ALIEN ROBOT—“
“Want to go somewhere a little quieter?” the brunette—James thought she’d said her name was Lizzie—eventually whispered in his ear, her breath hot on his neck. Considering that she was grinding on him at the time, James found it impossible to say no. She dragged him to one of the lesser-used corners of the club on the middle floor and pinned him against the wall.
have to be annoyed? It wasn’t like Steve was calling him Senator Slimeball or anything, though at the moment he was sorely tempted. Natasha gently tapped his hand as she moved to sit down. Steve followed her lead, buckling into one of the seats.
,” she said. She stood up, brushing herself off. “My joint’s dead. And I have ballet in an hour anyway so I should probably get ready. But thanks. Good luck with your, uh, tree.” She turned to walk away, then paused, and spun around. She didn’t say anything.
“Oh, so you pissed her off, freaked her out, and then decided to look like you were about to kill her husband? Fantastic—no wonder—look, you and your merry little band of alternates need to
“Don’t stick to things and no webs,” Dad said in response. “And those of you with super strength, just use your best judgment. Natasha does
“I think I might need to stay out of it,” Bruce said quietly. “If the other guy gets out I won’t be able to control what he might do against 3490. It could compromise the mission.” Steve nodded.
“Have any of you seen Tony?” double Pepper asked, wandering further into the mansion. The Tony Pepper knew best looked like Christmas had come early, but a well timed glare from Pepper kept his mouth glued shut.
“Oh, Pepper told me what he did,” Steve assured him. “Sounds to me like you already paid him back—gave him a bunch of cool new toys, updated the garage… You could have been done. Could have washed your hands of him. But you keep answering his e-mails. Sent him a birthday present. Apparently you’re sending him something for Christmas too. You’ve become his…what, patron? Benefactor? Is it so hard to admit you’re really a father figure?”
stop looking for us,” Bruce said. “We’re too big a group to travel together. We’d have to split up. In pairs or alone.”
And for those of you who may have just happened to pick up this story for the first time in the year 2021 or after and are extremely confused by this message, well, just be pleased you missed the ride.
fine—I was this close to nailing Barton’s ass for pulling an arrow on you.” Tony just laughed weakly.
“I might have kept information from you about Kate, but that doesn’t mean I caused her overdose. Do you know how I know that? Because I’m not sure you would have done a
,” he said. He returned his gaze to the target and let the arrow fly. Kate’s bow fell to her side as the arrow sliced through the second—an even more impossible shot, and he’d made it. Clint looked back at her. Ten year old Kate was all wide blue eyes and open mouth. He slung his quiver across his back.
“Yes,” Tony said honestly. “I’m sorry, Captain. There’s nothing I can do. I will not endanger my own universe further, nor will I allow you to endanger yours by going through anyway. Whatever damage whoever is causing in your universe right now, I promise you it is not as bad as what would happen if we tore that hole open wider.” The room was quiet for a minute.
use the extra help,” female Tony said slowly, sounding almost reluctant. She glanced at her husband, asking some silent question. Steve was at first surprised by her reluctance, and then suspicious. When they had first arrived, their doubles had seemed very welcoming and very willing to accommodate them, happy to have them help out in whatever way they were comfortable with. Now, however, it was becoming increasingly obvious that
speciality and—this is just…such a complex mess.” Steve capped his water bottle, coming over to the table. He put a hand on the table near Tony’s and leaned over, looking at everything. “Got something to contribute, Capsicle?”
“But realizing that I was leaning towards your grandfather’s parenting style got me thinking about me when I was a kid. What I needed, what I wanted, what I didn’t get. And then it clicked. You weren’t lonely. It wasn’t that you didn’t like your new room. You were
“Oh, J, I know you’re not my J, but it sure is good to hear your voice, buddy,” Tony said, feeling almost relieved.
“Oh, God, Steve, I’m so sorry—you look the same from behind,” she apologized, still laughing. She headed for the coffee machine, grabbing a mug from the cabinet and filling it. “Sorry I molested you a bit there.” Other Steve just choked out a noncommittal noise that Tony implicitly understood as ‘
“You’re painting me?” Kate asked, a bit astonished. It wasn’t that he never had, of course. There were plenty of paintings of her as a little girl, plenty of paintings of mother and Peter and James and even some of Bernie, his first wife, and Peggy, his first love. There were paintings of Bucky and war heroes Kate had never known, paintings of Granddad, who had died so many years before Kate had ever been born. Her father painted people important to him, and Kate had always been on that list. But he hadn’t painted her in a good long while, long enough that Kate had never seen herself painted as a teen.
Kate was, or that it was a dominant part of her personality. Kate was selfish in the best of ways—Kate looked out for herself. Kate had an instinct for self-preservation. Kate was not shrinking or self-sacrificing. Kate owned herself and never let anyone take parts of her that she had not given them permission to remove. But Peter was wholly unselfish. Peter was sweet and soft and vulnerable. He had Steve’s heart, and that frightened Tony. Because she knew, that when push came to shove, Peter would never think first of himself.
to tell his parents. Not that Peter had really been planning on hiding it, but Tony made sure that as
much about science, but he was fairly certain given the state of the sky that the universe had begun to collapse in earnest.
“Goodnight, sweetheart,” her father said, and turned back to his painting as she left. Kate spared a few more glances for the work of art, but as she walked further and further back, the unfinished stage looked more and more like an impossible pedestal, and Kate didn’t know for how much longer she could tip-toe across the top of it.
?” Antonella asked, sounding incredibly wounded, an hysterical tone to her voice that Tony had never heard from his double.
of all people, the most judgmental person on the planet with the world’s most impossible moral standards. Tony had no idea how she managed that, or why she
to teach honesty and integrity, though how far they succeeded was questionable. But they would not teach him love.
to hurt his pride so often,” Tony said. “I am a philanthropist, after all. A bleeding heart liberal—can’t
“We’ve got company,” Torrun spoke suddenly. James shot up from his seat; Francis put Lewis back on the floor. Steve and Tony both got up as well as everyone but the youngest of kids in the room scrambled to their feet. There on the monitor was a set of Avengers—presumably, 3490 returned. They watched them complete eye scans and give passwords, and then heard the hiss of the door opening. The 3490 Avengers filed inside; well, some of them. Clint, Carol, Natasha, Steve, Bobbie, Wanda, and Bruce, plus Reed and Susan of the Fantastic Four.
“I know,” James said. He turned to her and smiled. “Thank you for the present, Tony. It really—it means a lot.”
“I didn’t know people would willingly get that wasted so soon after New Years. And that other girl—what was her name?”
“Perhaps you could help us out a bit, ma’am,” Steve said. He had on a smile that was probably supposed to look charming, but Tony could recognize it as tight around the edges. She thought it was interesting that he was still in the
“Feels like every day’s pretty dramatic around here,” Steve said with a slight frown fixed to his face.
“You going to make a different call? Cool, yeah, leave me here vulnerable and kill your best shot of taking apart this machine,” Tony said sarcastically. “Now get over here for a second, I need your—oh.” Tony would have to wait a moment for the Captain’s assistant. He was a bit busy smashing a hoard of six or seven green troll-alien things with his shield.
Steve just kept staring at her, his heart in his throat. It wasn’t real. She wasn’t real. None of this was happening. He gripped the edges of the pulpit, his hands trembling. He wanted this too desperately for it to be real. This was a dream within a nightmare—he’d wake soon.
, he reminded himself. Things were awkward with them, complicated by their surroundings. No need to make it worse. “I mean to say, Tony—she’s not a more perfect version of you. She’s just another one. You don’t have to prove that to me or anyone else on the team. We value you for who
that we would be there for them as much as we could every day because in our line of work you never know which breakfast with them is going to be your
family affair, and that, Tony and Steve, still living in the home that used to be Avengers Mansion, hosted it every year. It wasn’t too different, Steve figured, to the Thanksgiving the MCU Avengers (and yes, damn it, he was using that godawful acronym because it was so much easier than thinking or saying their full universe designation) had planned for this year. 3490 Tony and Steve had of course invited them to join them. They wanted them to get to know the rest of the team, they said. They wanted them to feel welcome, and less like outsiders (even though they were, even though everyone knew they would always be).
“Can I get you anything? Water? Crackers?” he asked. Tony shook her head. “Tell me what you need.” Steve hated seeing Tony like this. It reminded him too much of that awful year he had spent looking after her as she wasted away, dying. It reminded him too much of the cancer that had sapped her strength, sucked all the vitality and life from her until there was little left of his wife that was recognizable.
No one on the team commented. Clint had no idea what he was supposed to say to his double. He was having difficulty processing the fact that he was talking to another him, still. 3490 Clint didn’t seem to be expecting them to say much, though.
There was relief in that statement, even if a tiny, doubtful part of James had difficulty believing him. It was a relief to know for certain, after all these years, that at the very least it wasn’t personal.
He’d almost gotten them all killed. He’d almost killed all of the Avengers from the other world. He’d almost killed
“No, sweetie, no,” she said, soothing. “We were fighting over something I did. It’s not your fault. Your father and I fighting is
Ben was a nice guy, though James admittedly didn’t know him very well. He wasn’t powered, though he was a massive science geek. He knew that Peter and he were fairly close as ‘cousins’. James figured they had plenty to geek out about. James was better friends with Francis, Azari, and Torrun, who had all attended Avengers Academy with him on weekends when he was at NYMA. James would have been there even more often, but he was breaking the rules just to be there
James didn’t know where the enemies, dressed like AIM groupies, had come from. He only knew that shortly after the building collapsed, there had been open fire in the streets. Some of the Avengers had grabbed weapons on their way out of the tower; Clint had a bow, Uncle Bucky had a machine gun, and all three S.H.I.E.L.D. agents (Phil, Maria, and Sharon) from James’ universe were armed (though James figured that they were never
Yet just barely he could hear the voices. He wasn’t meaning to eavesdrop, but he also didn’t want to interrupt by making his presence known. They were just around the corner. Steve peeked over to see who it was. Kate had her arms around Francis’ neck, but he was gently extricating himself from her grasp.
was the truth of family. Tony took Pepper’s hand and squeezed it. She shot him a small, understanding smile. Tony would never have family, other than Pepper and Rhodey and JARVIS. Tony refused. He just hoped that he could live with that.
“Oh, good, you’re awake. I thought you were a goner, Giggles,” Stark said. Steve chuckled, but found that it hurt, so he stopped.
“Likewise,” Clint said, still utterly creeped out. It was a strange enough experience, having two Steves or two Tonys around all the time, but it was something else having another
morning and they were spending it locked in a cramped bunker instead of with their families—but none of them seemed to show any signs of it. They giggled and shrieked at the cartoon like it was the funniest thing they had ever seen, like they were on some giant sleepover rather than in hiding.
universe you’re from, we’ll be able to send you back fairly promptly,” Tony assured her. She thought it was best not to mention that the whole process could take up to a year depending on the precise situation at hand. It was fortunate that she had another brain of her own to pick, but she figured that Other Tony was at two disadvantages—one, that he obviously was as confused about what was going on as everyone else, which meant that she would have to explain basic theory to him before he was at all of use, and two, that he was a guy. It was an inherent disability in Tony’s opinion.
“Keep your friends close and your enemies closer,” Tony replied cynically, but he had to admit that Steve’s trust was winning him over. Steve turned that smile onto him again and Tony’s heart did a flip and
“They’re not always on the best of terms with SHIELD,” James said. He bit his lip and Torrun felt a little lost. Should she lie? Should she lie and tell him it would all be ok? She had no idea how the military would react to James’ absence.
Jeanne was surprisingly effective even without her right arm. Kate was less so, slowed down by the fact that, if she moved in just the wrong way, pain would shoot all through her body, starting at that injured tailbone. Kate was slow, but Jeanne couldn’t pin her down. She landed a few kicks, one to Kate’s stomach that was so hard Kate thought she might vomit right then and there. Jeanne was an unpredictable but calculating opponent. It took everything Kate had to stay a step ahead amidst the kicks and punches and dodges.
“Fine; but Jane, let’s keep working on that project of ours,” Tony said. “Even if we don’t have access to the materials, we can work on the designs.” Jane nodded. She seemed to be taking all of this better than Pepper was—but then again, Jane had been transported to another realm prior to their universe hopping, and she’d even been possessed by an ancient weapon. Her fearlessness shouldn’t have been surprising. Neither Natasha nor Maria looked particularly thrilled—none of them did—but everyone seemed to accept this new plan. They would keep their heads down, play along with 3490, and figure out what they were going to do as they went along. It was all they really
“I don’t think we have the time to wait until this is wrapped up,” Kate’s voice came in over the comms. He could see her, down on the battlefield, presently strangling a Hydra agent with their own blue gun, riding their shoulders like the world’s most uncomfortable piggy back ride. “Somebody slap that thing on now and fix the damn multiverse before we all collapse in infinite nothingness, pretty please.”
“Bruce!” Natasha couldn’t help but call out. The Hulk had not retreated. He would be overwhelmed—but if they went to help, so would everyone else.
Why have you always cared more about strangers than us?” Kate knew that wasn’t fair the moment she said it. She didn’t take it back. She had tears streaking down her cheeks. Her father looked defeated, but he’d looked defeated before they’d ever begun.
was a girl and married to James with three kids. That would be some fucked up shit. So he could sympathize.
“Maybe they do—but SHIELD takes care of that, right? The Avengers and other teams only handle the things that they can’t,” Steve said.
Most of the younger avengers were hanging out together in the kitchen—except for James, who was likely passed out on his bed somewhere. The team had begun to take on problems in shifts, since they were coming at them rapidly. They had been working tirelessly for two weeks, with no word from the 3490 avengers. They needed extra people, but where were they going to get them from? The 50 State Initiative was already stretched thin. New York City, the epicenter of the problem, seemed to be getting hit the worst, but there were leaks happening all over the United States—and all over the world. There weren’t enough heroes to cover it all. James, however, having been put in command by his father, had refused to take any shifts at all, instead choosing to go out with every call. He had managed to get
“Other Me doesn’t have Extremis. He won’t be able to detect it, and none of them will suspect,” Tony said. “I’ll slip the nanites in carefully. In brownie batter or something. They’ll never know. And once the nanites are in their bloodstream, well, our universe will be safe from whatever threat they may pose. This is how we neutralize an Asgardian, Bruce, this is how we take secrets straight from Other Fury’s brain, this is how I make sure Rogers doesn’t go insane from the stress of his short new life and start a killing rampage. I’ll link them up to JARVIS. He’ll monitor the situation for me and if any of them come close to touching a hair on me or my kids’ heads, or any innocent civilians’—well, he’ll knock them cold where they stand. Or he’ll pull the trigger if he has to.” Bruce let out a long breath.
“Because you clearly don’t want to get caught going for it but you clearly need some anyway,” Tony said. “You look like you’re turning into a Na’vi.” Peter winced at that.
“Quickly and quietly guys, good job,” Jane told them as they rushed out the door. She shut it behind them. “Over here.”
“Heimdall is used to my brother’s trickery now. He would know,” Thor stated firmly. Natasha just raised an eyebrow. Thor frowned and continued, “I spoke with my mother to gain her thoughts on the matter. She had a theory about the space stone, in particular. Of course, we know it to be able to open portals from one side of the universe to the other but—”
“I like you just fine, Tony,” he said. “Maybe more than I should.” Tony didn’t have time to process that last sentence, let alone ponder it, before Steve had stood back up. “I’m going to get some coffee—I’ll grab you some, too.” He left abruptly, leaving Tony in the conference room, this time his heart
He’d spent so long wishing he wouldn’t be sidelined. He’d spent so, so long wishing he had powers, wishing he would one day join the rest of his friends and families in protecting the world and going on what always seemed like exciting adventures. And now that he had it, well, maybe it wasn’t exactly what he’d always pictured, but he was still so glad not to be sidelined anymore. It wasn’t a good feeling.
“Sounds like Bruce,” Tony said. “I only wish I understood it better. It’s…a bit of a pain, being here, listening to your Mom babble on about the science and not be able to keep up.” Antonella, of course, had done no such thing. Her lips were sealed on the topic. But Peter didn’t know that. Tony felt a small pang of guilt again.
“Fuck,” Tony muttered as he flew up into the thick of it, taking out the bots at level and below. His grounded teammates couldn’t do much but duck and roll and avoid the onslaught. They were getting overwhelmed. By
. She didn’t care. She didn’t care about any of it. All she cared about was not losing him, too. She batted away Peter’s arm, staring down her father. He seemed to crumble under her gaze.
“I don’t think you have a right to be a smart ass right now, Rogers,” she snapped. Steve looked surprised by her outburst, and he winced slightly.
“Tony and I were thinking there’s only one way out of this,” Steve said. “We’ve got to work on a portal home.”
“Maybe I figured there’d be something good left over here? Pizza, steak—something that isn’t dehydrated or frozen,” James said.
“Tough to forgive,” James mumbled. The bangs were getting closer. He could feel the wall vibrating—they were trying to bust it down.
“Are you pregnant, Tony?” he asked it politely, though Tony was not unaccustomed to Clint Barton asking things rudely. He obviously meant no harm by it, but Tony was startled. She could tell by his sudden wince that Other Natasha kicked him under the table.
? I married him because I love him. Is that really so hard to believe?” Antonella asked. Her last words were soft, laced with concern, and Tony felt his gut twist. He knew pity when he heard it. Antonella left the room before Tony could think of anything else to say.
“I know. What about this is uncomfortable, Tony? What’s wrong?” 3490 Steve said, which was the point at which Tony realized he’d said all of that aloud.
“Not by any means necessary, if that’s what you’re asking, Banner. I haven’t gone power mad just yet.”
And then there was the not awkward pause followed by the suddenly awkward pause. Steve’s eyes were just so
“So you took three unnecessary turns and were about to take another when you know perfectly well that there’s a bathroom attached to your guest room?” he asked.
“Well, wouldn’t you be jumpy if you were stuck in another universe and completely at the mercy of another set of Avengers?” Tony asked.
Home. Home was just a step away. And their teammates weren’t hesitating. Thor and Jane were the first ones through, followed by Maria and Pepper who were still debating the woes of bureaucracy, then Coulson and Fury who both somehow made multiverse travel look like an everyday thing. Clint and Natasha followed behind, and finally it was down to just him and Steve.
“It hurt very much. And I was very scared,” he told her. “I was scared the bad people might hurt your mother. Or Uncle Sam, or Uncle Bucky, or Aunt Nat. I was scared of what they might do if they got away. That’s part of what your mother and I do, Kate, with the Avengers. Fear is part of it, honey. It doesn’t ever go away.” Kate had looked down the bandaged expanse of her father’s broad back, her lip quivering with the thought of it.
Steve was surprised, to say the least, to find Tony on his bed the night after James’ return, his shirt partially unbuttoned and a bourbon in his hand. He had to admit it to himself—his mind went straight to the gutter when he found him. It would have
“I resent that comparison. I’m Special Agent Rogers, and I’ve been assigned as your nightly protection detail—why weren’t we informed of the relocation?” Steve asked. Senator Stark spread his hands in front of him, palms up, and shrugged.
That was pretty much all the man said on it, and James certainly wasn’t going to press him for any more information. They had all stumbled, after that, their way back to the SHIELD jets that awaited them and flew back home—well, home for 3490 anyway. James felt like no sooner had they touched down in New York that the MCU Avengers—mostly Tony—had declared that they had been working on a portal to return them to their own multiverse, and Tony had wished the thing finished. Which, as it turned out, was particularly intriguing as, upon inspection, Tony couldn’t say how the thing worked anymore. But they were all quite certain that it
“It’s settled, then. If you have no objections, I’d like to take the team downstairs for our own meeting,” MCU Steve said diplomatically.
“YOU COULD HAVE GOTTEN US ALL KILLED DID YOU EVEN THINK? DO YOU KNOW HOW PANICKED WE WERE? WE HAD TO DIVERT ENERGY TO ASSESSING THE THREAT LEVEL YOU PRESENTED INSTEAD OF FOCUSING ON SAVING NEW YORK! YOU COULD HAVE GOTTEN YOURSELVES KILLED AND ALL OF US WITH YOU WHAT A STUPID FUCKING ROOKIE MISTAKE YOU MOTHERFUCKERS WE TOLD YOU TO STAY HOME, TO STAY AT THE MANSION, THOSE WERE YOUR ORDERS AND YOU COULDN’T FOLLOW EVEN THE SIMPLEST COMMAND—”
,” Jeanne challenged. Kate hadn’t known Jeanne for long. She had only joined the Academy three years ago, and only just moved up to the Advanced class a few weeks earlier. But she knew Jeanne well enough to know that the girl could not take the idea that anyone could be more skilled than her at something. Her superhero nickname was
“Whatever Steve decides is more effective,” she said. “But I assume he will, in fact, just talk to him.”
“I am troubled,” Thor admitted. “There is much here that we do not know, much that we do not understand.”
And now, tonight, it was the decisive night. He waited in a room with everyone involved with the Stark campaign, a glass of champagne in his hand, completely full. Steve stared out over the sea of people, listening to the excited chatter and always keeping one eye carefully trained on Tony.
,” Francis said. James turned. Francis was kneeling by the couch, two of his fingers pressed against her neck. “She’s tachycardic—
explained in part why Natasha could not feel comfortable in 3490. Avengers Academy reminded her too strongly of her own childhood. Perhaps it wasn’t fair to compare the school to the red room, but the result was much the same, wasn’t it? Children were trained for battle. Children were turned into efficient, ruthless killers.
?” Natasha asked. “That’s a power I don’t think even an infinity gem posesses. One, maybe. All of them? Impossible.”
“Any civilians?” Kate asked into the comms, looking at the wreckage, her heart beating wildly. She hoped off the bike as Alt Steve stopped it.
James led the way through the deserted mall, his semi-holographic shield the only thing lighting the way. He’d run this path just twice as a child, once through a lit, empty mall, and once through the place completely crowded, but never in the dark. Yet still the way was ingrained in his mind, the memory accompanied by unadulterated fear having made every turn and twist unforgettable. He broke the lock on a service door with a well placed gunshot. The door led to a tiny little staircase down. He turned to the group.
“We wondered that too,” the Commander said. “If you’ll submit to a blood test, we’d appreciate it, but I understand if that’s not something you’re willing to do. Other than the serum, it could be revenge. An old enemy of yours. Or it could be somebody with a Captain America fixation—but I don’t know why they’d go to another universe to grab one.”
“James,” Steve breathed out in relief. His boy’s eyes slowly flicked across the room. Situational assessment.
something. But there was nothing to be done, nothing he could do. Even if he could leave his post, could join his father and get vengeance for Tony, it wouldn’t change anything. She would still be dead. James hit the punching bag so hard it swung up and knocked the ceiling before swinging back around. He jumped away in the nick of time. He hadn’t been sure he even wanted to move, but reflexes got in the way. James looked down at his dry, bleeding hands and decided he was done for the day. He wasn’t getting anywhere. He was running in circles. He had to
Peter just stared at him for a moment. It was weird, seeing his mother’s features on a guy. Or rather, it was weird seeing
“He’s very good at hiding his humanity, but it’s true: Steve Rogers is not a morning person. He wakes up with half his hair sticking up and all bleary eyed, and if you try talking to him before he’s
“All right, let’s get this show on the road. Once we exit to the viewing room, I’ll set up your scenario. We’re going to play a game of capture the flag, super-style. Your goal will be to get the other team’s flag back to your designated area without dying. If you die—that is, if someone delivers gently what would have been a kill shot and calls it—you’re out of the game. Are we down with the rules?” Tony asked. Thor raised his hand, which Peter found hysterical. Everyone stared at him. He looked at his hand.
“Point zero one out of one million,” Peter responded dully. He heard a sharper gasp from the direction of the sink. Peter heard footsteps, and then felt the couch depress beside him. There was a hand on his shoulder. It belonged to Fake Dad.
Steve didn’t have a good answer to that. Apparently neither did any of the rest of them. Kate raised an eyebrow.
round of games that had bothered him the most. Steve put on his boxers and dropped the towel just as the last faucet shut off and Tony joined them in the locker area.
“Apologize? You—no. No it’s not—ugh, ok, this is going to sound really lame, but it’s not you, it’s me,” Tony said, internally cringing at himself. Steve just stood there and blinked for a moment.
“Put on some clean jeans and a muscle shirt. I snagged a few invites to the House of M downtown,” Kate said, turning around to check her make-up in the mirror on his bureau.
“The breach should close in three minutes,” James’ voice came over the comms. “If we can herd them straight back through it, we’ll have a lot smaller mess to clean up here.”
“Hang on, so, if we fucked, would that be sex or masturbation?” Other Tony asked. Other Pepper rolled her eyes in obvious exasperation. Tony smiled a bit and shrugged.
“You aren’t serious,” Azari commented. One of his eyebrows was raised, but it conveyed an entirely different meaning.
It didn’t appear that anyone had invited Francis to dinner, but no one seemed to mind. In fact, it seemed to be expected. Steve was reminded of Bucky’s parents, who had always insisted that he stay for dinner until the day that he finally just stayed without asking permission first. They had been like family. It was clear that for Francis, this was a second home. Despite Steve’s initial impression of Francis, it was also clear that his relationship with Peter was not a generally hostile one. He teased him a bit, but it was no worse than anything Steve had seen Kate inflict, and certainly not a quarter as harsh as James’ “teasing”. Peter didn’t seem to mind much and mostly referred to Francis as birdbrain throughout dinner.
angry. Guess who has been grounded from Halloween parties? I figured Mom would let up for the holiday but—nope.”
She headed down the halls, stopping only briefly to look at her faint reflection in a window to fix her hair. Not that it looked great anyway. She didn’t remember when last she’d had a chance to shower. She sighed. Well, she would just have to make do. And anyway, perhaps the harried Director slash wife slash mother slash superhero was just the part to play to earn the trust of these alts. She could play that easily enough. She took a breath and pushed open the door to the command deck.
something!” Kate argued, and she was surprised to find the words flying out of her mouth. She was more surprised to find that she passionately believed them.
“Tony might have been many things to the world. Iron Man was loved and cherished around the globe, and there are plenty of people with stories about the good Iron Man did, and why they loved Iron Man. And Tony was Iron Man—but Tony was so much else, too. I want—I want to make sure that’s not forgotten. But while you’re all thinking I’ll—I’ll start with one of my favorites.
“Sorry, we’re all still stuck at the part where Steve Rogers started making out with Tony Stark,” Clint said bluntly. Thor roared with laughter.
There were small, hesitant chuckles that dispersed through the crowd in a dull hum. Even Peter cracked a smile, even though he was avoiding his face cracking in any way.
,” Steve heard Francis’ voice clearly. It was firm, but had a desperate note to it. Steve was impressed with the kid. But Kate’s voice answered back, furious,
At least, Peter figured Clint would be least expecting it, but he seemed fully prepared for Peter’s assault, grabbing him by his arms just beneath his elbows and throwing him to the side using Peter’s own momentum from the charge. Peter slammed into the trunk of a tree, and for a moment his vision went white with pain—he might have dislocated his left shoulder. He bit his lip and sucked it up, jumping out of the way of a blow from Clint’s bow. This time, retreating wasn’t a trick, though Peter certainly calculated where he was going.
picked up and I let her know about our visitors. I sent him the universe designation to see when, exactly, the machine will be ready to send them back…and he sent me back this, and an apology,” Bruce said.
the same. It was close enough. Peter took in ragged breaths until the heaving ceased, until the coughing stopped, and he could return to his spot slumped against the bathroom tile as fake-dad’s hands fell away. MCU Steve sat beside him. He didn’t speak. He just waited. Peter was familiar with that tactic. Couldn’t say it didn’t work well.
“A…ball?” Steve asked, looking at the flyer Stark handed him. It was Steve’s time off. He’d just emerged from his room, freshly showered after a nice workout in the gym, only to be immediately confronted by the senator. Steve was just glad he caught him at the door—he had no doubt that Stark would happily have burst in while Steve was changing, or in the shower. The man had no shame and seemed to be wholly unaware of it as a concept.
the way our Steve blushes when you bring up anything even vaguely referencing sex?” Tony asked her. Antonella laughed.
“Kate! There’s a window!” Alt Steve called out. Kate rushed over just as Alt Steve kicked the window in.
was wrong with that smile. It looked like every smile his own father had ever given him. There was nothing malicious in it, no hard hint in the eyes. He meant what he said.
“Yeah, about that—‘Tony Stark’—don’t tell me your parents named you Anthony anyway?” Tony asked wryly. 3490 Tony smirked.
Tony was there. Tony was really there. Her warm, petite hands were soft and warm and perfect beneath his.
“Doesn’t matter. Eat,” James insisted. He refused to move. Eventually, Kate took the bowl, seeming to realize that James wasn’t going to budge on the issue. Kate looked far too tired to fight him about it. He stood there until she reluctantly took one bite, then, more interested, took another, and another. Satisfied that she would continue eating on her own, James finally went to the kitchen and got himself a bowl. Beside him, Tony had finally finished his own, but he hadn’t gotten up to throw it out. Steve still moved his thumb absently on Tony’s shoulder. He might have been imagining it, but he thought he felt the other man lean into the touch. They were all in need of a little contact right now, some small comforts. James eventually sat down next to him. Steve could tell that the kid was exhausted. He ate his soup automatically, keeping on eye on the security feeds. Steve put a hand on his shoulder, but James flinched violently away and shot him a dirty look. Steve took his hand back awkwardly.
“I…yeah, I mean, of course. I’ll be happy to see my other co-workers again. Natasha’s happy that she’ll be able to see Clint more often,” Steve said.
“And what did you think you were training for, the circus?” Kate asked. She looked out over the crowd. Francis saw a whole mix of expressions, not all of them good—but not all of them bad, either.
drunk. I’ll go into a sugar coma with this juice shit—I swear to God this is 99% pure sugar, just liquidized.” She took another sip. “Is this your spot too?” Tony shrugged.
“525,” Steve said, knowing he spoke for the whole group. “What happened with 525?” Steve looked around at the faces of the children still in the room. “Go. To bed. To the gym. Just go.” Slowly, reluctantly, all of the children dispersed, save James. Commander Rogers locked eyes with him. “You were included in that.” James folded his arms.
were just for show. Their doubles would present them with a choice, confident that they would make the choice 3490 preferred, and then get a bit thrown when they didn’t, trying to move them subtly back on the track 3490 wanted them to take. This, apparently, was one of those false choices. Steve wanted to let them know that team wanted to help out, as Avengers, which had initially been presented as an option—now it seemed less so.
“Report to the Triskelion for debriefing everyone,” the Commander spoke, and then the static from the 3490 comms disappeared from the line. Carol and Sam flew off together, towards the Triskelion. Tony landed on the street and took off his faceplate. Thor landed as well, and the others gathered around Steve.
“Finally. You’re such a fucking slowpoke, you know that? I thought you were going to be here at 6:30,” she said. She grabbed her leather satchel from where it hung off the back of her chair.
It wasn’t a second too soon, either, as immediately it blew. The explosion rocked upwards and tossed Iron Man and the shield upwards, and for a moment it was like Iron Man was a surfer on a wave of blue light—but then Tony lifted his hands and shot his repulsers into the sky, pushing the vibranium shield back down and over the explosion with his feet, extinguishing the force of it with the counter effort. The shield rocked and vibrated for a moment longer and then went quiet.
it. And one day, he’s going to wake up and realize it.” Kate drew in another hit. She looked over at him, an eyebrow raised.
“Neither would be having my husband beat Fury’s face to a pretty little pulp,” Tony pointed out. “I think it will work out better for everyone this way. But first. Traditional questionably ethical spy methods.” Tony turned up the volume on her show, very much so done with this discussion with Dr. Banner. For a while, her tactic succeeded, and Bruce fell silent, but as soon as the credits rolled, he opened his mouth again.
“Yeah, fine, all right,” Tony grumbled reluctantly. Steve went over the the first aid bin and Tony followed behind, practically dragging his feet along the way. Steve just pulled out a flashlight, which he flashed in Tony’s face, checking the dilation of Tony’s pupils. He quickly put it back away.
He finally made it over to the area with the couches. Peter could see Callum exclaim and hear his muffled voice.
He had given James those tags when he was six, his first year entering St. Catherine’s Military Academy. His dad had gotten down on one knee so they could be at eye level, and he’d handed him the tags, telling him they’d bring him good luck, telling him that
Steve didn’t realize he was walking to the living room until he found himself seated on the couch. Natasha came to sit beside him. She regarded him with that look that Steve knew meant she was making quick decisions about what approach to take in their upcoming conversation. Natasha was never out of tact.
For once, Steve thought, it seemed that he and Tony were actually on the same page. It just wasn’t a page Steve liked to be on.
idiots. We HAVE a bigger team! They’re right under our noses and we’ve been too tired to think about it.” Francis struggled to get up as Kate looked around. She jumped on the back of a nearby motorcycle. Francis looked at it warily.
“Uh, Steve?” Steve knew that voice well already. His eyes slid to the door, where Other Tony had slipped through. No, not Other Tony. Only Tony. Tony looked incredibly uncomfortable, like he wished he were anywhere else. “Are you—uh—look, everyone outside is arguing about what to do about you.” Tony rubbed the back of his head and then took a few hesitant steps forward. “Steve?”
this week,” Tony’s throat tightened, and the tears spilled over. “I haven’t known what to say, what to do—I feel like a horrible mother because I can’t be there for them, because the minute I try my strength will crumble and I
His dad had stopped in front of the doorway when they’d gotten there. He’d just stared, for a moment, up at the monolithic doors. It was a moment that was too long, that went into the territory of uncomfortable, and just as it crossed that line, Peter joked,
each other, sure, but, beyond that.” 3490 Tony shrugged. “He’s hardy though, too. I’ll give the guy that.”
long time since he’d seen the kids he’d grown up with. He didn’t mind that he was still relegated to the kid’s table at 22; he was just glad to see everyone. Besides, even Benjamin Banner, who was twenty-four, was still at the kid’s table sitting next to him. He and Ben just ended up being the ones carving the turkey and putting food on plates passed up to them.
again. It was weird how much of Mom he could see in that look. That look made him feel guilty, so of course, he slunk to the living room where his parents were. They sat on the couch, arguing over the remote—Mom wanted to watch
from his phone—I—I’ll find the last tower—” Antonella paused for a moment, her eyes moving even faster. It was freaky, really, and Tony stood frozen, watching in fascination. He wasn’t the only one—the other alts were watching closely as well, though many politely pretended to be up to something else. Antonella gasped sharply. “The last ping was—it was in Manhattan, but Steve, that was
“Already done,” Antonella replied. Still in plainclothes, 3490 Steve led the search party out. That had been around seven. It was nine o’clock when Antonella was boring a hole into the ground with her feet.
“Nothing,” her double murmured. “Nothing at all. Thanks for uh—thanks for the explanation.” He got up and left. Tony watched him go. She wished she had more energy to dissect his motives, but she really didn’t. She opened up her e-mail again, now further behind than she had been when she started as new messages had poured in. Such was her life.
“You play a dangerous game, if it is the gauntlet you seek,” Thor’s grave voice boomed across the room.
“Ok, look, my default setting is dick, you should know that by now,” Tony pointed out. Steve grunted. “Ugh, you’re really going to make me say it, aren’t you? Fine.
“Right then, I’ll show you to the guest rooms. We have five, which means almost everyone will need to share. I hope that’s not a problem? If it is, we can assign you rooms at the Triskelion,” 3490 Steve explained, then waited for someone to speak up. When no one did, he waved them on. “This way, then.” The 199999 Avengers rose from the table and followed behind the Steve double. Thor and Jane took the first room. Tony claimed the second for himself—he knew from experience that it had the best view of the garden. Pepper picked the room with the best art on the walls. Steve and Bruce decided to bunk together, and Clint and Natasha did as well. Tony wasn’t entirely certain if there was anything between them, but they were certainly most comfortable with one another, and frankly Tony figured neither Steve nor Bruce would prefer to bunk with either one of them. They were super spies and probably assassins, after all. Everyone retired to their rooms, agreeing by unspoken consensus that after their insane day it was probably best to get some rest, even if that rest meant some universe-jet-lag.
“So how’s it going, anyway?” Steve asked Tony. Steve took a long drink from his water bottle. His hands were still wrapped in white tape. He, of course, actually took the time at the gym to
” James barked. Tony put them up, knowing that Natasha, Clint, and Steve were, at this point, thinking of several ways to disarm the kid. The unfortunate fact was that he was too far away from any of them to take him down before he would manage to get a shot off, unless they hit him with a projectile. Injuring, or killing, the kid was not a good plan or something Tony knew any of them wanted to do. “You could’ve hacked him. Think of something else.”
“No, ma’am, I think I’ll tell you I slept until four,” he said. Tony rose, poured another mug of coffee, handed it to Young Steve and sat back down. Young Steve pulled out another chair and sat too.
Four things happened at once. In the first, Kate, in her search, finally found Francis. She also inadvertently found Torrun, who was attached to his mouth. In the second, 3490 Tony and Steve were in an embrace, their lips about to touch. In the third, James clapped Peter on the back and congratulated him on his bravery for clinging to the side of Stark Tower. In the fourth, there was a violent explosion somewhere in the Tower.
“He’d been trying to warn you,” Kate realized. Alt Tony had seen whatever the agent had in his hand and known what it was. It was unlike her father not to pay any attention. Kate approached the building, trying to ascertain where the entrance had been. She couldn’t see it. The building had fallen to its foundation. It would be impossible, forget too dangerous, to go inside. If Peter had been anywhere but the roof or the basement, he was dead.
Peter felt sick. Maybe it was the peanut butter and jelly sandwich he’d eaten at Oscorp for lunch—he hadn’t checked the date on the jelly in the fridge when he’d packed it. Maybe it was that spider bite—and that made his heart race. Maybe he should have told the teacher. Maybe he should have gone to the hospital. It could have been venomous. He felt hot and sweaty and
, but he’d just hunched his shoulders in and walked on bent knees the whole time and it had worked out all right. They’d ended up coming out of a hatch in the floor of what must have been the kitchen once, judging by the relatively small space but massive hearth. There were empty barrels down here now—filled with alcohol, or filled with gunpowder or other weaponry, Kate did not know and did not want to stick around to find out, so, led by Natasha, they crept cautiously through the castle, Kate’s heart in her throat the entire time.
Steve couldn’t help it—he winced at that. He wanted nothing more than to run out of the room, tail tucked between his legs, or melt into a puddle on the floor, but neither of those things were an option. 3490 Tony grabbed another tool off the table, busying herself again.
Peter could hear them yammering on, but he paid little attention to what they said, zoning in and out. He could hear much more clearly, though it was so soft and inconsequential a noise Peter guessed the Alts hadn’t really heard it, the little gasping noises his sister was making as she struggled not to cry and to get her breathing under control. He should unfold himself, Peter thought dimly. He should unfold himself, get off the couch, and wrap his sister in a hug. He should take her trembling hands and dry them off, pull her away from the sink. But Peter couldn’t find the strength to move. Now that the adrenaline had worn off, all he could see was Stark Tower crumbling in on itself, his mother still trapped inside. It played in his mind over and over again, and he couldn’t get it out.
“We put him in SHIELD, of course. And eventually he joined us on the Avengers,” 525 Steve spoke so casually, as if they were still sitting and having dinner. He ran an affectionate hand through James’ hair, and James feared he might throw up right then as his stomach and entire nervous system rebelled. “But he was
He sounded like he was underwater. Nothing was louder to Steve than the thumping of his own heart, than the sound of blood rushing through his ears.
Peter hated these little family outings. Actually, scratch that, Peter only hated family outings that involved his brother dearest. He was especially not thrilled that his mother had opted to stay in the lab and abandon him—he would have been happy to spend the whole day talking shop with her. He had asked to stay with her in the lab when she informed them of her plans, but she had insisted he go along with his dad and siblings. Which was how he ended up sitting in the stands at a Mets game, ball cap tugged over his face a little bit too far, arms crossed and slumped back in the hard plastic seat. Kate shoved a hot dog at him, which he took and bit into, chewing thoughtfully. Kate was having a blast. Kate loved baseball. Actually Kate loved anything that held any hint of competition whatsoever, but she particularly loved baseball. Unlike their father, however, Kate had never learned how to enjoy a game politely, sitting and cheering the team on. She had a tendency to stand up and shout at the ref (who of course could not hear her, or any of the other fans who did so) and rant about bad calls to anyone who would listen.
certainly hadn’t heard the end of it. Tony, as ever, was pouting (metaphorically, once again, though he had the tendency to do it physically as well upon occasion). Pepper had tried to talk him out of the whole ‘destruction of property of our guests’ thing and dissuade him from destroying the remote control, but he wouldn’t hear it. Nor would he go downtown to work in a lab there.
“Sorry doll,” he said, “you’re gorgeous but I’ve got to make sure my little sister isn’t getting herself into trouble.” Lizzie just shrugged and walked back downstairs. James went to the railing of the catwalk, looking down at the club. He could spot Francis, moving around, but he didn’t see Kate. He headed down the stairs himself, heading to the archer.
“Pity,” Antonella said mournfully. “You know what else is a pity?” Antonella turned to stare directly at the MCU Avengers. “That these idiots have so much potential but can’t even take down a platoon of
Kate did as well, but it didn’t manifest in the same ways. Kate aced every science and math class in front of her, trouncing every student standing in her way—but she had no desire to go further with it. Kate instead excelled in English, in philosophy, in any language—she spoke French and Latin and American Sign Language and Russian and frankly Tony didn’t know how or where she’d found the time. She played the cello beautifully, had been a prodigy at the piano (and still would be, if that had managed to hold her interest). She was the perfect ballerina. Whatever you gave her to master she did, whether it was archery, Tae Kwon Do or string theory. Kate was a genius, but she was a genius without direction or ambition. She was aiming towards perfection and yet towards nothing. So Tony gave more credit to Peter ninety percent of the time because Kate was a genius but, because of that, consistently bored. Kate had looked into the depths of the universe and found life wanting. Kate chewed on the end of the plastic green pen she held in her hand.
“So, if you don’t know your designation, how in the hell did you end up here?” Tony asked, bringing up the universal database on the helicarrier. She hadn’t come up with it on her own by any means—Reed had helped. He was crazy and half of his inventions blew up in his face, but occasionally he was useful. Bruce had also leant a hand, as had Jane Foster, and they had collaborated with their doubles in various other universes to come up with an algorithm for predicting the universe designation of a person based on enzymes in the blood which were specific to that particular space-time. It wasn’t easy work, but the sooner that Tony knew their designation, the sooner she could send them on their way and out of her hair.
“You’re drunk and you’re upset. Come on,” Steve said, standing up. He had Tony’s arm and dragged him up, too.
.” The tips of Peter’s ears burned. Kate, who had been engrossed in reading some sort of packet of documents for school, reached over and smacked James upside the head with it.
“No?” Natasha asked sharply. “How do you think you’d stack up against your double who has twenty more years of field experience than you? How would
, like himself, not his mother, though her influence was obvious enough. There was a mix of features there, however, which Tony could not identify. Peter had a bowl of chocolate cereal in front of him and a spoonful that was halfway to his mouth, threatening to drip on his textbook.
know? He wished he knew why in the hell they were sent here, and by whom, but there was nothing he could do to find out when he was an entire universe away, and it irritated him to know end. He also found himself getting exceedingly cranky since he had yet to poke around in 3490 Tony’s workshop. He’d have to ask her when she got back today. He wasn’t above getting down on his knees and begging at this point—it was only Friday and he was going crazy.
James’ bedroom was, all told, fairly plain. He hadn’t decorated it with any posters. He didn’t have any pictures tacked to the cork board Tony had put up in the corner when he turned fourteen. The only really personal items he had in the room were on the bookshelves. The books that he had read as a kid lined the shelves, and in front of them were action figures and army men, plastic dinosaurs and little spaceships—remnants from his childhood. He had larger collections at home in California. His eyes came to rest on a little wooden box in the corner, next to a very old Captain America comic. He reached out and took it. He blew a thick layer of dust off the top and ran a hand over it, feeling the smooth wood beneath his fingers. He hadn’t come here for this. He had come to the mansion because Tony said she had something she wanted him to test in the lab—a puzzling request, but James was not about to say no to his formidable stepmother. James traced a finger over the latch on the box. He hadn’t come here for this, but something had drawn him straight upstairs instead of down to Tony’s lab. He took a seat on his bed.
for Odin’s sake. It was a little more difficult to go around smashing them into the ground. Cap, for his part, didn’t seem to have that many qualms though. Hey, Tony figured, all’s fair in love and war and this was probably war. One of the Kree had mentioned something about ‘taking over’ and ‘extermination of inferior species’ so Tony figured that was probably
Kate was not Tony’s daughter. Kate’s health should not have any impact on Tony. Yet Tony found himself with a racing heart and panic in his veins as they sat outside the child’s room. He didn’t know the girl well. She was snappy and obnoxious and extremely vapid in Tony’s opinion and he wasn’t particularly fond of her. But there was some primal instinct kicking in inside Tony’s heart. There was unconditional love and affection there that Tony recoiled from but could not prevent. It was already there, always
“So you two are married?” Pepper interrupted. “With children?” Tony felt his insides go cold. 3490 Tony nodded.
“And what does you on the run have to do with HYDRA? We thought you were running after that whole Latveria incident,” Steve said, frowning.
Of course, part of the reason why there was no one in the garden had to be the fact that it was horribly cold outside. Steve hated the cold. Everyone knew that he hated the cold. He didn’t feel it quite as much as others did, because he ran a little hot anyway, but whenever the Avengers had to go on a mission to any northern country in the winter time Steve wore several layers of long johns, the warmest coat he had, and bright blue earmuffs with a single white star sewn on either side which Tony had bought for him as a joke. He usually ended up sweating and hot by the end of the day, but he didn’t care. He’d rather feel like he was running through the desert than about to freeze to death. Or not to death as the case might be.
“Wait a minute. Wait, so—you weren’t just… I don’t know, humoring me last year?” She asked. Francis’ eyes widened and his brows raised.
“Oh,” Steve said, blinking a bit. “Right. I mean, I am a super soldier, I could really spend all day in here—that could be believable.”
a bluff. “Seriously, I’m barely ten years younger than you if you’re discounting the whole nap on the ice shit.” Steve realized with a start that she was right. He realized with an even greater start that he was far closer in age to Kate than he was to either of her parents. It was an odd and disturbing thing to feel. Kate took another hit on the joint, then held it to him as an offering.
“You tired, kiddo?” Peter asked. Nicole just nodded and then buried her face in his shoulder just as she had done to her dad, her little arms clinging around his neck. “Ok, let’s go find you a free bed.” Peter wandered over to the elevator, riding it down to the 91
Torrun walked down the hall and knocked on James’ door, calling out his name. She heard a muffled and faint,
“You asked for it!” Steve shouted after him. Other Clint laughed his ass off, and Steve took his son’s place on the couch. “How about a round?”
“Waiting for you, of course. I knew you wouldn’t stay in bed. I knew you couldn’t resist the allure of Tony’s tech. And I assure you, I’m certain she’ll show you anything you want to see—when she wakes up. And if she chooses to give you an all access pass so you can tinker? That’s her call. Until then, I’m here to tell you that there will be no hacking into my wife’s programming systems and breaking into her lab on my watch,” 3490 Steve said. He still looked like this was all a grand joke, which it probably was to him.
“Yes,” 3490 Tony replied patiently. “Their names are the same. Everyone this is Peter, my son. Peter, everyone.” There were a few hellos and ‘good morning’s from the 199999s. Tony found himself silent, though.
“For what it’s worth, you’re a good kid. Doing the right thing is ha—difficult…sometimes,” Steve offered.
They entered the kitchen, which seemed to be a combination of a professional and amateur kitchen, with large, shiny silver appliances and counters in one half, and a granite countertop with a normal black fridge and oven at the other. Tony was surprised to see one small addition in the corner—a simple wooden table with wooden chairs that looked like it belonged in a farmhouse in middle America. Tony had never eaten in the kitchen before, aside from snacks stolen in the night. When he had lived in the mansion, his parents always insisted on eating in the dining room, at the massive dining room table that always made Tony feel small. Splayed out on the kitchen table were a variety of textbooks and notebooks, and looking down intently at them was a teenage boy. He had light brown hair that stuck up in every direction. He was still in sweats and a t-shirt, which seemed to drown his lanky form. He didn’t so much sit on the chair as squat on top of it, his bare toes curled over the edge of the seat. It was obvious he had an utter disregard for furniture. Tony felt a nagging sensation at the back of his mind. It seemed very familiar, but he couldn’t recall this boy in his own universe. 3490 Tony seemed just as surprised to see him.
? 3490 Tony just ruffled her son’s already messy hair. “Peter, why don’t you get your dad and ask him to make pancakes?”
in front of his children. He’d only said it because it was what they needed to hear, to have that confirmation. Steve shook his head.
Bruce couldn’t count the amount of times he’d wished and dreamed. He never put much stock in it—his wishes never came true. But just seconds later, when there was an even brighter flash of blue and then Bruce was standing in the middle of the emergency room with a collapsed James and an exhausted Billy beside him, Bruce wondered if maybe it wasn’t wishing and dreaming that was the problem—maybe it was just him.
“Easy,” Steve said. “Take it easy, Tony. We don’t even know if there’s a reason we need to run yet.”
“Five minutes!” MCU Steve repeated in understanding before running off to MCU Clint, who was shooting off arrows from the cover of a smoking cab. James ran with his sister through the streets. The Avengers kids were all helping as much as they could. The non-powered kids had stuck together, and they found them all in a group. Peter was nearby protecting them, swinging off of buildings by a
she pregnant? But, no, she’d been on time in her last cycle and her husband had been away or unavailable in the time since, aside from the other afternoon. So was she getting fat? Had she developed a
?” Steve demanded, incredulous. The other 525 Avengers just stared at him coldly. All but 525 Tony, who still looked queasy. Steve decided to appeal to him, his best shot, the chink in the armor. “Tony.
“No it’s…thanks,” he said. Tony watched him carefully. She wasn’t, in retrospect, entirely certain that this was a good idea. It had taken her three years to perfect the magic liquid that would get Steve drunk. Which meant, of course, he had a life he enjoyed and had largely recovered from the grief and shock of his enormous loss. This Steve, however, seemed to be wallowing a bit. She would just have to make sure wallowing didn’t turn to drowning.
“That—came out wrong, admittedly. I just—did you plan on that?” Antonella’s answering death glare was reply enough. “Ok, so why are you
“But if they’d come for us in the bunker maybe James wouldn’t be—” Peter started, but Steve shushed him.
“I didn’t—Oh, shit, I didn’t think, I forgot—” Tony put down her faceplate and started to move away from the crowd to take off. Steve grabbed her metal-encased arm, about to argue that he should go, but Tony shook her head before he’d even spoken a word.
Natasha Romanov was many things. She was who she was needed to be at the moment. She was spy, assassin, seductress, best friend, confidante, mysterious stranger, and a thousand other little things. Upon occasion, even Natasha could not see the truth of herself, could not parse fact from fiction. But one thing that Natasha had never been was a soldier. And yet, since Tony Stark built himself an iron suit, since Bruce Banner turned himself green, since an alien landed on earth and a national icon dead for seventy years had been revived, Natasha
Kate had gotten home just fine; Tony made sure to check on her in her room first thing after rising. She was still pissed off, but so was Tony, so it was an even trade. Tony had no idea what to do with her. She didn’t want to think about it. She didn’t want to think about the fact that she was lying to Steve—and not about something small. She was lying to him about the health of their daughter. She was lying about something that could get Kate killed. And that weight rested in the bottom of her stomach and had the unfortunate habit of twisting around sharply in her gut. He would hate her, if anything happened to Kate. But she would hate herself more.
“He was so upset. The only times I’ve ever seen him more upset was when the Winter Soldier first came to town and when the doctor told us I had terminal cancer. He didn’t argue with me. He agreed we should get married—though not for him, he wanted to make sure the kids were cared for, and they—or any guardian—wouldn’t be able to access their trusts until they turned 21. Steve makes a fine living at his job, but nothing like what they were used to. Anyway. He didn’t want it to go that way. He’d been asking me to marry him once a year every year since we found out I was pregnant. I said no the first time because I didn’t want to compound mistakes. I said no every subsequent time because I never wanted to disappoint him, and I was so afraid that as soon as we said those magic words, I would.
“I’m not interested in winning points with you, Katherine. I’m your mother. That’s not my job. My job is to raise you drug and alcohol free with hopefully enough skills to succeed in the world,” her mother stated coolly.
“Hey, I know you need to take the high ground, but I also know it’s pretty damn useless to have four of your guys fighting and one just floating around in the air while everybody else gets assaulted!” Tony fought back.
They were silent again for a few minutes. Antonella finished her sparking grape juice and poured another glass. Tony was at a loss for words. He shut the notebook he had been working in.
Less encouraging was the sky, which appeared to be turning into outer space at a rapid rate now. Was the earth losing its atmosphere? Or was space simply converging onto where they were? Or was it something else entirely? Tony had no idea, and though he wanted to find out, he had no desire to get up close and personal with it at present.
“Peter go help the others,” Bruce said. Peter glanced at James, then Bruce, then left. The Avengers and the young avengers were standing in formation near the door. Steve was quietly giving orders as the pounding continued. It was a maddening sound. Bruce knew that Steve was planning a surprise attack, to open the door before they managed to knock it down—he just hoped they could keep the fight away from him and James, or the boy would never make it.
“It’s not how I ever pictured it, but just add a white picket fence and a golden retriever, and it’s everything I thought I’d be coming home to, after the war,” Steve said, hollow.
matter,” his father said. He sounded upset. James couldn’t bring himself to care. He was too angry. His father sighed, returning his attention to Peter. “Just go to your room, Peter, we’re done here.” Peter, with one curious glance at James, headed down the hall and up the stairs without a word.
Steve was not in a good place. He knew that. He was holding on for the sake of his children, and for the sake of the world. Captain America, Commander Rogers, could not fall to little pieces in the middle of a crisis. So he channeled his grief into determination. He
“That’s not your fault, Tony,” Steve said. “You had to be the bearer of bad news. And that’s rough. But it isn’t your
“No, they’re chickens, you’ve just been hypnotized into thinking they’re Alts. Yes, they’re Alts, moron,” Kate said. James put the safety back on and shoved the gun into the back of his pants.
“Those are our orders. I better not be hearing insubordination, Katie,” the bald guy said, his tone dangerous.
It didn’t take them long to reach the Triskelion. Steve was silent as they flew, silent as they landed, and silent as they walked through the building. Tony felt himself squirming a bit inside the suit. Steve and silence was never a good thing, for one reason or another. They rounded the corner into one of the larger conference rooms. Half the “A Team” Avengers were already there, including Antonella and the Commander. They both stood at a clear console, going through images of the battle—Tony realized with a start that it was film of
“Oh, please do your magic, Tudo,” Kate said. Tudo started on whatever drinks he decided to concoct while Kate continued to flirt with him. Francis and James stayed back.
“Let’s hope tonight remains our ETA,” Steve said. “And if not…we’ll regroup from there.” No one seemed to want to think of the ‘if not’ scenario, least of all Steve. First he was trapped in time, now he was trapped in an alternate universe. He really didn’t have the best of luck.
“What? How are you not sensing the sexual tension, Teddy? It’s as thick as a fog,” Azari said. Torrun stayed silent, her eyes watching the subjects of their discussion. Steve and Tony of the MCU had been acting weird around each other again, screwing up their team dynamics as usual. They sat in the living room with their own team, watching a movie that had yet to be released in their own universe.
“Busted,” Peter said in between coughs in a fake coughing fit. Kate leveled a glare at him before following her mother out of the kitchen. 3490 Steve just watched them go, a frown tugging at the corners of his mouth. He finally sat down with his own plate of pancakes, taking the seat on the other side of his doppelganger. He clasped his hands together and closed his eyes for a moment. When he opened them he crossed himself.
“Tony,” Steve said, his voice soft and quiet, but commanding all the same. He closed the distance between them and put a hand on his shoulder. He had a little, amused smile on his face. “We’re on kind of a deadline here. I’m not throwing you off a roof again.”
“Tony—Tony? What are you doing?” Steve did his best to keep to keep the alarm out of his voice. Tony removed his jacket and was removing his tie. He unbuttoned his shirt.
“You can’t disagree! I know it’s what you think, what everybody thinks. I know everybody on our team is looking at her and thinking
“Well, kudos to you then, for getting your relaxants drug free,” she said. She went quiet. “Dad sketches too. He has a whole room in the mansion filled with drawings and comics and paintings and even a little glass blowing—his first wife, Bernie, that’s what she did. Some of Peter’s stuff is in there, too. It’s beautiful. There’s one Dad did of Mom—well, ok, there’s probably like several thousand he’s done of Mom, but there’s
The MCU team, weaponless and largely grounded, had obviously been given orders to help herd the crowd in the right directions, getting them out of the line of fire. James heard a moan and noticed a man on the ground, bleeding from his leg badly. He picked the man up and ran with him.
. She’s further along, tech-wise. She’s organized. She doesn’t drink. She’s responsible. She’s got her shit together, she’s not a fucking mess. She’s
“I’m well aware,” Steve said dryly. It would have been difficult not to notice given Stark’s recent proclivity for men. Months ago, it had been women he’d brought home most often, but recently it was al men. Handsome men, too, Steve couldn’t help but notice, not that Tony would go with anyone who was less than model gorgeous. Stark just frowned at him again, and Steve realized his mistake.
“It’s also a safety thing. The different schools,” Kate said. “James was the only one of us who went by ‘Rogers’ in school. At Hawthorn, I’m Kate Bishop. At Midtown Science, he’s Peter Parker. We’re kept out of the press to keep villains at bay. I mean, the press still knows we
“I’m completely serious. Just watch,” Peter said. He took off his shoes and socks and made for the balcony. Lucky for him, no one was outside. It was far too cold out for that. The wind blew and felt like a razor across Peter’s skin. He touched his fingertips to the glass—it was cold as ice. Gritting his teeth, He put his other hand on the glass and then climbed on top of the balcony’s railing with his feet. Slowly, ever so slowly, Peter moved both of his feet off the railing and onto the side of the building. He stuck. He let out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding and proceeded to crawl across the window.
Unaware of the storm raging inside her head, her double had decided to sit beside her. They could hear the doorbell ringing and the door opening and closing as Peter, Kate, and Francis manned their stations for Halloween. They could hear the screams whenever Peter surprised a group of older kids by jumping down from the ceiling. The television was also going, stuck on CNN. Steve had been around, but inevitably he had gotten called in for duty—there was trouble with a mutant party raging at House of M, the most exclusive club, solely for mutants, in the city. Other Pepper had been around as well, reading a book and sipping her tea, but she’d disappeared at some point, probably to find somewhere a bit quieter. So it was just Tony alone on the couch until her double sat down.
did it?” James asked. It was much more tremendously difficult to get those words out than James ever anticipated it would be. He knew he was asking a lot with this question, the one question that had plagued him for thirteen years.
“Speaking of getting dressed, I think I ought to,” 3490 Steve said, putting down his fork, pushing his chair out and standing up. He kissed his wife on the cheek and then left. As soon as he was gone, 3490 Tony gave a wry smile to the Alts.
’ contained her plea for him to return to bed. She was moving to kiss his lips, but as she saw his face from the front and about half an inch away, she noticed a bright red blush.
declare her dead instead of taking prideful credit for the shot,” Mom scolded him. Francis just scowled more but said nothing.
“Kate!” Francis called one last time, then just sighed, looking defeated. He looked helplessly at Steve. “You heard that I guess?”
The team of various and sundry superheroes worked to push back the soldiers. The strategy was to get their backs at the Hudson so that the small army could not break off and circle around to attack the avengers from another side street. Lucky for them, the unidentifiable soldiers did not appear to have any sort of grasp of the geography of twenty-first century New York City. Some of them shouted in a language Natasha could not comprehend—they seemed more baffled by the whole situation than aggressive. Some of the soldiers weren’t even firing at all, and whenever Natasha raised her guns, she shot to disable and disarm, not to kill. Many of the young avengers were similarly only using scare tactics to move them back—James threw his digital shield to scatter them. Torrun and Thunderstrike called lightning down to crack at their feet—but no bolts ever hit the confused soldiers. Azari used his static to frighten as well.
“It isn’t your fault, Tony, and I was wrong to blame you for it,” Steve said firmly. Tony stared at his gadget, obviously still lost in thought, probably unconvinced. But Steve didn’t know what else he could do. He took a sip of coffee, a bit awkwardly.
But Tony couldn’t sleep. Even when the blankets were warm and snug around him, even when all the lights were out (minus the ever present one on his chest, of course), even when he could rest easy, knowing that discussing with the other avengers the topic of the weird universe they had landed in could wait for another day, Tony still couldn’t sleep. Gently he slipped out from under the covers and quietly left the room.
“Just the extra Maria Hill with a gun pointed directly at my head,” Other Tony replied, sounding as casual as possible. Tony knew that the tone was a bluff. Everyone knew and feared Maria’s marksmanship skills. Other Maria looked rather startled upon seeing her double. Tony decided that she didn’t have time to wait around for them to figure their situation out. They hadn’t meant to land in this universe, that much was obvious.
“No. But you still fought a war and then got frozen for seventy years and woke up and everybody you knew was dead and
. Hell, they know some shit before we do—your double and alternate Banner helped Peter out with his powers before he ever came to us.”
“Fine,” Peter said, staring more at the ceiling than James. James looked at him for a long moment, then stood back up.
“Really? Because all I see is a poor imitation of your parents,” Jeanne said. She said it as she said everything else—factually. “You haven’t even graduated
She rolled and doubled back, throwing kicks and punches to disarm as many Hydra agents as she could. She prayed their request had been heard, but she hadn’t heard a reply over the roar of adrenaline in her own ears. She was still busy fighting the agents in front of her when she heard glass shattering and the unique humming noise that couldn’t be anything but Iron Man repulsors.
