She sighs. “Toni, I did the background check before we hired him on. I knew from the moment you gave him that interview that he meant something to you.”
“Don’t worry Jarvis, I’ll take it easy.” I laugh and jet into the sky. The lights of the city become a blur below me, the speed on the HUD slowly increasing until I’m skirting 200 miles per hour.
And my answer is the same every day, “Fuck off.”
“Stark has just said that she built it!” An agent that had been hogging the only bench-press that Steve uses gossips to her spotter. “It’s all over twitter. She says that Iron Man is her bodyguard and that the suit is—”
This vulnerable Toni humanizes her in a way a thousand exposés on her philanthropic activities never could.
Numbness in my jaw and lips. My hands stiffen into claw-like positions, no longer under my command.
Pep gives him a small smile, “Hi Phil, I was just getting ready to leave.”
“I will pass the message to Fury.” Coulson’s expression still hasn’t changed from his unperturbed indifference but there’s something brewing in his normally brown eyes that make me feel like I’ve managed to accomplish something with this talk.
Maybe it’s because I’m finally, horribly aware of the impermanence of life.
And then I’m in a metal coffin thousands of miles in the sky.
“Honeybun, trouble is my middle name.” I say, throwing a wink at him. “Hell, anything you want—”
“This is only a taste of what is to come, who do you work for?”
Then with a last cackle, he hangs up.
Garbled noise crackles from the speaker.
As his Ma always said, money can’t lighten the sadness in your heart.
So he didn’t call her.
For the flaming pieces of shit that I’d produced thus far, I had no excuses.
“Sir, it appears we may have hit another snag in the armor.” Jarvis says softly as I let him lead the suit back home.
Toni Stark is very much a contained tiger with a gold chain tying her to the CEO position.
“No, I have a hankering for haggis and—”
The mascara I swiped on yesterday (or was it the day before?) before I went to talk with the board is crusty and I hurriedly wipe it off. There, I look less like Cousin Lurch and more goth punk. I think.
But Steve, being the little shit that he was, hated the fact that he’d needed back-up. And so later when he’d spotted a little girl being picked on by a larger kid during recess, he’d butted in.
I stare at her, speechless. WHAT?
We stare at each other, the air between us thick with tension that had never existed before my damned kidnapping.
By the time his phone starts chiming his alarm, he’s half-convinced that he should take the day off. It’s only the thought of Bucky’s troubles, and the immense help his prosthetic will be for him, that gets him out of bed. He puts on a pair of sweats, does his quick warm-up routine, and sets off for his morning jog. When he comes back to his apartment, fueled by endorphins and adrenaline, Steve is convinced that the day won’t go so bad.
He’d canceled all of his appointments and interviews he had on his agenda, opting instead to stay home and stare at the papers until the words became nothing but a blur. He’d ignored Nat and Bucky’s calls, even shutting the door on Sam’s face when he’d showed up unannounced at his apartment. It wasn’t until, ironically enough, he’d received an email from Toni’s PR team that he finally felt something other than the huge weight of apathy.
I look at Steve concerned. “How did you know?”
“Look at me when I speak, asshole!” The words were spit out in Russian, but Steve had long learned the language for Bucky.
Then I straighten and jet into the air.
So they go.
And yet.
“Yes, you idiot. I’m going to SI today because I’m going to be fitted with my prosthetic. Chances are I walk out with a brand-spanking new arm.” Bucky’s voice turns sly. “And I also get the added bonus of seeing my bestie around
“I—” Her cries become muffled, as if she tries to cover her mouth to cover the noise. His heart lurches in response. “Toni, honey, I want to be there for you. Tell me where you are.”
Flustered, he pulls out the cards and puts his phone on recording mode. “Do you mind if I record our questions?”
Of course, that resentment wasn’t exclusively Steve’s. Bucky hated Steve for the fact that his parents loved him. Don’t get me wrong. Winnifred Barnes loved Bucky to pieces, but his father was another story. George Barnes was a drunk and an aggressive one at that.
It’s time to get Bucky back home.
“ANYWAY,” I break off, aware I’d been too loud to be nonchalant. “Don’t worry about the charity. It’s the very least I can do after my weapons did the damage.”
Steve's POV on Toni being informed about Bucky *officially lmao*, the world finding out that Toni Stark built the iron man armor.
“Not necessary, J.” I scrub at my face with my hands. “Ugh, I hate it when I get like this. I’m supposed to just have flings not emotional attachments.”
Grumbling to himself, he pulls out his phone and calls Toni’s number. She probably won’t answer anyway. Or probably already blocked his number. After all, Steve totally ghosted her and—
“My family is dead.”
Those who were still stubbornly firing at me drop their weapons as the explosion rocks the ground.
“Steve is Captain America?” I ask her, still unable to process more information than this shocking revelation. “Since when?”
/-/-/-/-/-/
He sighs. “Fine.” He’s taken aback at the look she throws at him. “What? Now?”
, the board won’t die if I miss a meeting.” She gives Steve a wink before slowly walking the other woman toward the elevator. “You know what, I’ll even email the old coots myself the new specs on my planned tablet.”
“Come on, we have to go. This can’t wait.” She pulls him out of his room.
Hmm, Steve had told Fury that the Polski’s were legit. What a shame.
“Oh it’s no big deal.” Wincing as my voice cracks, I clear my throat. “I mean, no problem Steve. I mean I did way worse last year when I hit on you.”
Coffee? The fuck would I—
I still my hand, taking the moment to answer him truthfully. “I don’t know.”
“Yes, that was also part of the coffee time.”
“Ah so it’s
Seems fair.
Steve still doesn’t look convinced, but he drops it.
He looks at the hour on the screen, pausing in his work.
A ripple of laughter goes through the room.
Which you know, wouldn’t have been as bad if he hadn’t said that to the
His scowl grows. “Listen Stark, as I told you before we have nothing that could help you.” Fury pinches the bridge of his nose before exhaling. “Now, I know that I can’t have civilian Toni Stark as part of the Avengers, but Iron Man is someone that I need right now.”
“So let me get this straight,” I drawl at Fury. “You’ve lost your pet assassin and now you want
The reporters explode in a frenzy of shouted questions and she raises her hands in a call for silence. “I created the armor during a moment of extreme duress. As many of you know, I was kidnapped last year during the winter. My captors did not require a ransom from my corporation and instead requested me to build them a certain type of missile that had been very popular before I shut down the weapons division of SI. With the supplies they gave me, I built a crude version of the armor here before you and managed to escape. As a measure of security, and to avoid having the same situation happen, I have hired a person of highest confidence, whose identity shall be kept secret for their own safety, to use the MARK armor as my personal bodyguard. I know several will be requesting the military to take ownership of the armor, but the truth is, it belongs to me and nobody other than the person whom I have approved can ever use the armor.”
Steve shakes his head. That last one was a big stretch. Sure, America seems to be going towards a quite spectacular crash and burn but that had nothing to do with Toni. Everyone seems to be convinced that she built the Iron Man armor, even if she allows someone else to pilot it.
Uh-oh.
Then I’m awake, heart thudding, gasping for breath as I vividly remember the water burning in my nostrils.
Rhodey’s posture snaps military straight before giving me a quick nod. “We should get going though. We have a flight to catch.” He shivers suddenly. “And Pepper is going to fucking kill me if we don’t make it back as quick as possible. I’m going to go see if the transport is ready.”
“Yeah,” I laugh, the sound bitter even to my own ears. “I was always too chicken to actually do anything about it with him and now he’s lost to the military.”
“But—”
A sudden slam grabs my attention. In front of the shoddy metal grate that I’d pegged for a makeshift door stood another man flanked by several others. Faces covered and armed to the teeth, they sent shivers down my spine.
I whoop with joy. “Ha Pep! Can’t argue with the boss girl.”
“I know you guys think that I’m a slut for attention.” I say dejectedly. “But I actually thought about the risks. I thought about both—”
I claw at the knobs of the shower, struggling to turn off the water and when I do, I collapse on the bench in the stall. At least my money gave me that much. I stare at my shaking hands as I feel the tightness in my throat constrict my breathing even more. My fingers are numb, and I can’t feel my legs, but I can’t seem to corral my spiraling mind.
“Sir, no known elements will sustain the reactor like the palladium core.”
Steve pauses the video and sighs. So it’s true. Toni really did build the Iron Man suit. It doesn’t surprise him in regards of her capability. He’d known that she’s a brilliant engineer, but it does shock him that she’d build another weapon again. She’d seemed so certain of her refusal to continue building weapons. Of course, not that Steve had a leg to stand on given that he killed on government’s orders. But still, Toni had wanted to heal the world, not set it on fire.
So instead of giving into the impulse of seeing if her lips are truly as soft as they appear, he gives her a smile. “Come on Toni, I have to go pack.”
“What?” Rhodey had graduated from MIT too, so he’s far from stupid. It’s just hard to remember that when I’m usually surrounded by idiots (Pepper notwithstanding). “What do you mean ‘the rest of your days’? Are you dying Toni? What did you do?”
It’s there, standing under the spray of hot water, that I realize my mistake. I’m in too deep with Steve. I care about him.
For several weeks after he received the package that symbolized the end of the best relationship of his life, he’d done nothing.
Bucky and Steve knew each other far longer than they have been friends. Bucky had been lucky enough to be born first and so could quite confidently pull off the older brother card easily whenever Steve got full of shit. But at first, they had no friendship at all.
She gives a small smile. “Steve?”
“Toni?” Pepper’s sudden voice takes me by surprise and the bracers on my wrist activate into gauntlets. “Whoa, what the hell Toni?”
At that moment the door opens a sliver and Steve’s blue eyes peer through.
“Toni Stark, looking for help from the government?” Fury barks out a laugh. “Now I’ve seen it all.”
I have to right my wrongs, correct my legacy and die.
“Toni, did you know that the VA canceled the prosthetic fitting?”
She grimaces and starts to argue with Happy, while tugging me towards the car. I let myself be led, enjoying fondly the snark between my friends. Eventually even Rhodey joins in, and I allow myself to relax.
“Sir, Agent Coulson is insisting that it is urgent.”
It’s only then that he realizes that despite the empty clip, he has nothing to worry about. Because her Humvee is in flames and their ambushers are gone.
The elevator in the room dings, and I have a gauntlet on my hands faster than I can blink. “Cut the shit Stark.” Agent Coulson puts his phone away in his pocket and strides into the room, looking even grimmer than usual. I lower my gauntlet, already letting it dismantle into the bands around my wrist. “Ms. Potts, so sorry to intrude.”
“Have you talked to Steve?” I clip through the wires. Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck.
Steve had been under harsher interrogations and had never felt quite as under the microscope as now when he’s sitting in a quaint little café across from Sam and Natasha. Then again, it’s way easier to get his fingers broken than to contemplate seeing the woman who haunts his dreams again. Fingers heal, but Toni definitely doesn’t forgive that quickly.
“You build Jericho missile.” The man says in heavily accented English before giving me a wide grin. He pats his gun and gestures at the others who also have machine guns cradled in their arms. “Stark Tech very good.”
In his defense, despite knowing that Peggy was disenchanted with their relationship, upset over his so-called crush on Toni, he’d never thought it was that serious. It never crossed his mind that she would kill their fledgling marriage because of it. So when she asked him to stop calling her during work hours, he’d brushed it off as her desire to be a strong empowered woman. Never mind that she’d never had a problem with it before.
“Steve my parents…my parents are—my parents are dead!” She screams before dissolving into tears again.
The quinjet touches down on a rooftop, camouflage technology already in place as soon as they get near the city, and they roll off towards the building where Bucky was seen to enter. It’s only Sam and Steve for the moment, though they know that if things go sideways, the tactical team in the quinjet won’t hesitate to act.
Her hands flatten the lapels of her peach colored blazer in a nervous gesture Steve’s starting to find familiar.
Pepper gasps, faltering before shakily taking the seat I’d vacated. “Is that why—”
A sudden ticking sound halts the blows. The ‘interrogator’ looks around and then glances at a small shiny ball next to his boot. The ticking speeds up and Steve is abruptly struck with the realization.
The HUD flickers but holds. “Sir, we can siphon energy from the appendages, it will take fifteen minutes.”
“What?” Steve had been expecting several things, but this had not been one of them. “Shield is not Hydra!”
I narrow my eyes at the one-eyed curmudgeon before pulling out my phone from my pocket. After two seconds, three bugs in the room appear on my screen as red dots. I turn to Fury and he looks disgruntled but resigned.
Automatically Bucky’s shoulders had tensed, ready to flee when his mother gave him the indication.
I splash water on my face. This morning’s toxicity level makes me feel like time is trickling through my fingers like sand. Last night had been filled with an engineering binge, my armor receiving all sorts of upgrades that I will probably never use.
“Patch him through.” I hold my phone in front of me as Jarvis connects the video. “Hi, you’ve reached the life-sized recording for Toni Stark, please leave a message after the bee—"
So what if he had to give up the reason he was the happy?
He sighs. Fuck, now he has to pick the damn sand up. He’s on his hands and knees, dustpan in hand, when he gets the notice.
With a grunt he angrily punches the bag and in the split second before it burst, he remembers that he should have held back.
Coulson gives me a grim smile. “Good, we need you to talk to Steve.”
The armor I’d made in the cave had been clunky, no finesse at all. But it’s understandable considering my circumstances while I created it.
Saturday morning finds Rhodey and I in my lab working on the suit I’d created for Rhodey. After our conversation, I’d been spurred to complete it. If I die…
“Well Steve Rogers from Brooklyn,” Toni’s eyes gleam and suddenly Steve is reminded of her crazier plans. “You are about to fly to England with me.”
But then Toni got abducted while he was supposed to protect her. And at first, with Rhodey’s clout as Coronel and the media clamoring for her rescue, the government had sent the military to look for her. But as weeks turned to months and nothing came up, they finally called off the search.
“J, what are the odds that those whips will short out my suit?” I say as I hover closer to the other suit. A whip crackling with the high energy of the reactor flies perilously close to my face and I jerk out of the way at the last moment. “J? Kind of a time crunch.”
The moment she walks in a room, attention naturally gravitates to her. And when she speaks, everyone listens. Since her interview with Steve, she always makes sure to talk about those in less fortunate situations—racial minorities, LGBTQ+ issues, women’s troubles, etc. Brilliance and compassion rarely go hand in hand, but as with everything else, Toni is the exception.
So what if that meant that he had to give up his Fridays with her? So what if he had to stop seeing her every morning for coffee? So what if he could no longer work at her side to help build houses for the poor?
“I have mentioned this to Fury as well.” His face remains impassive. It’s starting to piss me off. “However, he insisted on me trying again.”
“We’re going to Sam’s. Clint will meet us there.”
Her gaze turns sharp before she gives him another half-grin. “All right, we’re starting off with the heavy stuff.” She looks towards the bartender that had been discreetly hovering in case she needed anything. “Get me a whisky on the rocks.”
“Sir, they are both on standby. Would you like to connect to call here or in your phone?”
“All right.” Iron Man sighs, the sound coming out weird due to the voice modulator. Then the visor lifts up. “Hey Capsicle, time to play ball.”
“How?” The organization was Peggy’s baby. Her work as founding member had helped it become the strong organization it is today. It can’t be Hydra. Can it?
“I have already alerted Ms. Potts, Sir.”
“Great.” Then I dive down. “J, get the modulator on.” I tap the side of my helmet. “Hey, asshole, copyright is a thing.”
I think about Pepper’s drawn face when I told her that I was Iron Man. I think about how scared she’d been that night I asked for her help with my reactor. Then I think about Yinsen and his words about my legacy.
They share a smile, before an awkward silence falls between them.
Kudos and comments are welcome and desired and i plead for any sort of feedback at all :(
“Sure thing.” The other man gives him a short nod before jetting into the sky.
Their relationship of over six years couldn’t crumble just like that.
HI ! I'm uploading two chapters today since I took so long to complete these. Honestly I just separated them since they were in different POVs but I wrote them continuously. This chapter marks the end of this work but i think we can all see where this is going. Dun dun dun.
Steve grits his teeth, the unspoken judgement grating on his nerves. He’d been the one to direct this team to this base in hopes of finding Bucky. He’d been so
“Thank you.” His eyes roam my features before settling on my lips. For a moment, I think…
“No.” Pepper grabs my face and stares at me fiercely. “No, it’s not stupid. You are a generous, kind, and impossibly endearing woman that deserves happiness. Maybe it’ll be with Steve, maybe it won’t, but trust me, it is not stupid.”
Not that I’m anticipating anything going wrong but…whenever there is money involved, things generally get messy.
So yeah, Tuesday nights were shit.
“Pep!” I grunt.
As I pull out my phone from my pocket, Pepper and Rhodey are already looking concerned. Boy, and that’s before they get the news. I walk out of my bathroom and head out to my room, choosing to sit in a chair by the window before I speak.
“Phone, J.”
“Hey,” In a move that surprised even himself, he grabs her hand and forces it into stillness. “I know that you always get a lot of flack from media over your actions but from what I can see, you’ve always made the right choices.”
The suit stands to attention in the middle of my lab and I quickly get inside. The lights of my HUD flickering on immediately when I’m ensconced. “J, set a course for the last sighting of the Ten Rings.”
Her gaze turns soft and understanding. “It’s about Steve, right?”
“Straight to the lab, Sir?”
I sigh, then I give her a small smile. Her blue eyes bear into mine, clear and guileless as always. If only I wasn’t such an idiot to love those who are outside my reach. “That’s fair Pep.”
“Toni,” Steve murmurs with false calm. “Toni, breathe. Slow down. I can’t understand—"
“Barnes, listen, that’s nice of you to say but the media can be downright nasty.” I warn. “If you have any sort of secrets in your past, they will dig it up and prance it around for their five seconds of glory. Your life will be under constant review. Maybe you won’t reach the same level of celebrity status as I have but trust me, paparazzi will be after you like a thorn in your side.”
She comes to a halt by the door of my lab, seeming to debate something before turning back to me. “I’m not poly, Toni. I can’t start a relationship with someone knowing that they are still too in love with Steve Rogers.”
“um, I think since always?” Pepper shrugs before standing up. “Rhodey knows more than I do. Do you want me to get in contact with him for you?” I shake my head, still in shock. “I have to go Toni. I’m leaving for Malaysia today for a meeting with the plant directors over there.”
“He says that if you do not build the Jericho missile, he will rape the girl in front of you.”
“Captain Rogers,” The AI is solemn, no witty comments as he greets Steve. “Sir’s parents left this morning to spend Christmas in the Bahamas but suffered a fatal accident on their way to the airport. Sir was notified an hour ago and went to identify their bodies. Apparent cause of the accident was Mr. Stark’s intoxicated state.”
Can’t have an amnesiac Winter Soldier running around, after all.
A sudden laugh bubbled up his throat.
“No buts!” He turns on his computer again. “I’ll look for available flights right now.”
“I know!” I snap. “I can’t sleep Jarvis, so I’m about to do something worthwhile.”
in his gut, but he ignores it and scrolls through the mentions of her name.
Of course, having Bucky as his best friend is all good and well until said best friend is calling him at three in the fucking morning.
I think. I mean, he’s never told me he’s had any issues.
“Not so great now Iron Man?”
“Toni,” Pepper interrupts softly. “We know. We were just joking. It’s just… you just came back to us and now you’re out there risking your life for god knows what reason.”
She’s a Senator’s only daughter: part of a family with a genealogy and bank account dating all the way to the Mayflower. It goes without saying that she’s used to finer things than he could offer. Her idea of date night consisted of a restaurant with at least 3 Michelin stars. Going to buy groceries had been such an eye-opener that first week as a married couple. She’d thrown things into their cart without even stopping to see prices, much less look for cheaper alternatives. And that’s without counting that time they went clothes shopping together for the first time.
She smiles, this one nothing more than a grim bearing of teeth. “Ah, there we go. Now you’re talking. Javier Perez graduated with honors from Stanford thanks to a scholarship for low income children. He knows better than any white cis male what type of adversity these kids have to go through for a minimum education. I can’t say that he is incapable of embezzling, but I can say that he has less of a motivation to do so.”
I scoff. “Yeah, the shit I did? Nothing to do with your enlistment.”
He knows that he can never hope to reach the same financial level as her family’s. But that’s fine, Steve has always valued love and companionship more than money and status.
I’m willing to take the risk for him. For both, but if Pepper doesn’t want to then I won’t push.
I laugh. “Yeah, but instead of helping me out you just tried to sell your super-secret boy band to me.” I lean forward in my chair and wag my finger at him “And just for the record, I’m still happy being a consultant.”
An indecipherable expression settles on her pretty features. “Isn’t everything work?”
She can’t be more than ten years old.
The next thing I know I hear the thump of a helicopter, the sun blazing over my head. Scrambling to my feet, I take off my shirt and wave it above my head.
“Come on honeybun, you gotta talk louder than that.”
I get out my chair and haul Bucky out of his.
with Peggy. Loved sharing moments after work and whenever they had time. She was always so animated, waxing poetry over every little thing that caught her fancy. She went on long winded rants over anything. And fuck, he
A couple of months after Steve accepts the offer from SI’s PR team, he bumps into Toni for the first time. Not that it’s a surprise that it took so long. He’d been told since the beginning that aside from the moments when he got a scheduled interview, Toni would rarely make an appearance near their floor in the tower. Despite living in the tower, her quarters are so closely guarded by her tech that they might as well be in another planet.
“Come on, Nat.” He gestures at the waitress for the check. “Let’s get back to HQ in case there’s another mission.”
“Nat.” the word is curt, no sign of the sarcastic humor she usually employs. He gets out of bed, warily opening the door.
Starks are made of Iron
I snort. Yeah, I’m not going to let a shrink in with all the shit I have. “What do you think?”
This time though she barges in his office. When he looks up at the sudden noise, he halfheartedly thinks that she’s a hallucination. Considering that the last thing he ate was a banana almost fourteen hours ago, he had solid reason to think so. The illusion lasts only until she opens her mouth.
“Jarvis, babe, you have got to stop doing that.”
In the end though, it had all been for naught. After a month of silence from Peggy’s end, he finally received a call from her.
“Aren’t you worried that they might use your charity as a front for other activities?” Steve is acutely aware that she could pull away at any moment and wants to hit as many topics as he can before she shuts down. “According to a couple newspapers, your director for the Señora Guadalupe Foundation has been embezzling you for years.”
“Go to hell.”
So now Shield has Captain America, Iron Man, Black Widow, Hawkeye and Falcon. When (when, not if) Bucky is found they’ll have the Winter Soldier again. Which is worrying since Hydra is still alive and kicking in Shield. The only thing that reassures Steve that they are going in the right direction is that Hill is the one in charge.
Or so they both thought.
Bucky and Steve knew each other far longer than they have been friends. Bucky had been lucky enough to be born first and so could quite confidently pull off the older brother card easily whenever Steve got full of shit. But at first, they had no friendship at all.
Hours later, when I finally take the worst fucking shower of my life, which coincidentally ended with me in a panic attack, I finally realize the truth. I’ve lost a part of my life, lost a piece of myself, and even more hurtful, I’ve lost Steve to whatever the fuck happened with the military.
Bucky Barnes and Steve Rogers were a package deal.
He leaned down and scratched behind his ears. Peter patted his head when he was close enough, making the same sounds he would at other dogs. If his first word wasn’t “dog” or some variation of “Captain”, Steve would be surprised.
The beeping grew louder as Bucky’s breaths came quicker. He couldn’t look at his shoulder nor could he believe he actually… “Tony, I need… I need Steve, I’m--” He suddenly found his voice, but it trembled with every word, “What-” He swallowed, “What did I do? I didn’t mean to--” And his eyes finally landed on the wrapped wound with his body tensing upwards in a physical cringe.
It was one wire after another with his teeth gnawing into metal plating. His eyes were squeezed shut with tears staining his cheeks. Time was beginning to escape him as he failed to remember the last time he cried. It felt like so long ago and even longer as his body was engulfed by flames. He felt his heart trying to escape his rib cage as his body temperature rose. It was a fight to not pass out from pain, but even with trembling hands, Bucky Barnes persisted.
“Well, you’ve been through a lot… here, let me--”
Sure, all the girls fancied the boy with the car, but the boy with the car only fancied the boy ‘riding shotgun’ on every adventure.
He shifted Peter onto one of his hips and headed to the medical floor in the tower, heading right into Bucky’s room like a man whose husband hadn’t told him not to.
Steve was Bucky’s everything.
“I know you’re worried, but why don’t you go give Bruce a break from Petey for a bit? I promise nothing fun’s gonna happen while you’re gone.” He brought his goggles back down and turned to his workstation, bringing up his welding torch.
Tony came over with a finger pointed in his direction, and that felt more normal. Bucky waited to be told to give Peter up and to back off of Steve. Why wouldn’t the husband of the man he loved start an argument right here and now?
“I just never pegged you as being into that.”
Or that's what Bucky thought...
Bucky grinned, “That is quite the coincidence…” He inhaled and stood up from his seat, “I’ll be right back.” He made a call for Sergeant to get up and returned to his spot on the couch where he thought of everything he had just heard.
Bucky turned his head but after hearing Steve try to encourage words from his son, he asked, “Why doesn’t Peter talk yet?” He raised an eyebrow, “I always hear you two and Tony talk about it…” He pursed his lips.
Peter stared at his face, tugging at the long strands of hair that fell down on either side, and Bucky forced a smile. He didn’t mind the tugging and didn’t want anyone to think otherwise. He could feel them in his space, even if he couldn’t see them.
All his words were in jest, however. The risk of someone walking in and never letting them hear the end of it was too high for the Captain, and he could barely keep him out of Bucky’s room when they weren’t sure if he was going to wake up. There was no chance of raunchy, couch sex.
Peter wasn’t as… cute… as he thought he was going to be, and it seemed as if all he knew how to do was cry and look for a tit to suck on. A feeling of regret swept him up, as if he never should have tried to start a family. What kind of parent didn’t want to hold their own child?
Bucky looked to Captain, “She…”
Steve was down the stairs, nearly flying into the living room, “Bucky, are you okay?” He dropped to his knees beside Rhodey with no hesitation, reaching out to grab the man’s face, “What happened?”
Rhodey was to Tony as Bucky was to Steve, or that’s how he kept describing it. It seemed he wanted Bucky to be a member of their family, just as Steve and Tony did.
“Hold up, Buck, Petey looks like he’s getting ready to lay down,” Sam jogged into the living room, causing Bucky’s eyes to fly open, “Can you just keep him in here so we don’t keep jostling him awake?”
“But it’s what year and people still think gay people shouldn’t be allowed to get married--” Rhodey pointed in Bucky’s direction, “People still think women belong in the kitchen.”
Tony thought it was a simple rule that would alleviate some heartache for his husband who had already been the one to storm into Bucky’s room. He thought to his own best friend, his James, and how much it hurt to see him in the hospital. The hours he lost waiting with him were only slightly higher than the hours he spent trying to drink away his guilt.
And even with all the anger and sadness, Bucky couldn’t… just take it out on Steve. He exhaled all that emotion and simply said, “I’m tired. Real tired.” He shook his head and leaned back into the bed.
“Steve… I missed you too,” It was his turn to close his eyes, to sink deeper into the warmth, “How did we end up here? How did you end up with… Stark’s kid?” He let out an audible gag to emphasize his displeasure.
Steve stood next with Rhodey looking up to them, “Can I get a little help?” A laugh erupted from the blonde as he helped the man stand up.
“Just what?”
Their eyes met. It was rare on Bruce’s part, but eye contact was something Steve never failed at. His hand never touched the other man. Instead, it dropped to stroke the baby’s face as he squirmed to be freed.
Bucky swallowed back and leaned forward, groaning when his back cracked about four times. He reached down and wrapped his organic arm around the toddler before yanking him into his lap. It took less than three minutes before the Avengers brought their kitchen party into the living room.
Bruce and Natasha wanted someone to sit in silence with, someone who understood true anger, lack of control, and being seen as a monster. They wanted someone who understood and overcame.
Steve spoke when Bucky didn’t, “I know how much you love dogs, Buck, and everyone thought it’d be a good idea. We want to help you adjust a little better…” He wrapped an arm around his friend.
I laugh. “Fire the chest piece at 50 percent power.” The blinding surge of energy hits the man square in the chest, overloading the suit, and he slumps to the ground, whips flickering off as the suit shuts off. “Damn, J remind me to always question your plans.”
Then as I spot the moon, I get the craziest idea.
Her voice brings his attention back to the moment.
“I saved your life.” The man takes a seat next to me on a small wooden stool I hadn’t noticed. “My name is Yinsen. I was … chosen to perform surgery on you after shrapnel pierced your chest. I created an electro—”
He scowls at me. “You wanted my help with your core and now you’re getting mouthy on me?”
Steve still wasn’t convinced, but even he knew that his reasons were flimsy. After he returned to active duty, it had been up to Bucky and Sam to help with the foundation. With both out of the picture, he can imagine Pepper’s stress levels. Toni had always been the main sponsor, her role mostly financial. But Bucky’s role had to be replaced as well as Sam’s advisory position to the committee that chose vets for the benefits.
“While I was calling for reinforcements, he got me from behind.” She lets go of Steve’s face and turns away. “I got distracted by my worry and didn’t foresee that he would recover that quickly. By the time I come to, I’m trussed up like a fucking turkey and he’s talking to me like he’s never known me before. Then he left.”
“Steve, he said yes!” Steve rolls his eyes before yawning, half-heartedly tuning out Bucky’s happy babbles. He’d told Bucky that he had nothing to worry about, Sam adored his stupid ass. “—and then I finally grew a pair and he said yes!”
"Good morning everyone!"
"So I guess I'll see you soon, hopefully?" Her smile was so nervous, so genuine, his heart skipped a beat again.
The blonde continues his grumbles, retreating to the blankets in retaliation to being left alone in bed. His muffled voice beckons for Tony, bringing another grin to his face.
Steve shrugged. "I was getting sick of her trying to be my friend. Like it was some misunderstanding."
But he can’t ask that of Tony; that wouldn’t be fair. Besides, Tony’s probably going to change the world someday, and he wants to be able to say he knew him before. Before he changed the world. Before, when they were just in the back of his truck, watching old movies at the drive-in. Before, when they were together.
"Yes indeed, I am." Tony smiled, the same affectionate smile from this morning. "Good to see you again."
"We can go there for some drinks then come back here," Steve replied. He tugged off his own shirt and pants before returning his lips to Tony's body. "Or we can just stay here. Your choice."
"All thanks to you, Stevie!" Bucky raised his glass. "To Steve!"
When his best friend returned to the living room, Tony couldn’t help but laugh at the attempt made to look festive. Tony had almost forgotten the ugly Christmas sweater that was stashed away in his closet. Rhodey’s grin looked evil.
A million years ago, Steve would have found Tony to be downright adorable. The neurosurgeon was almost blushing now, trying his best to look Steve in the eye but failing miserably. Despite his embarrassment, Tony still wore the same smile, the one that made Steve weak in the knees. For the first time in months, there’s a twinge of sadness in his heart again. It was no longer the same sadness that crashed over him before, unapologetic and unrelenting whenever he saw Tony after the breakup.
"It's still weird." Tony stared at his shoes, slightly embarrassed. "I-I get it. Listen, I have to check on some consults..."
Steve nodded, grabbing his chart and pausing in the doorway of the patient room. "You aren't alone, by the way."
Sharon felt a little bit of relief. She shouldn't be, but she found herself jealous of Natasha. Bucky was very clearly into her, and Steve had confided in her first about Stark. She was feeling a little left out. But there was Steve, smiling like a loyal golden retriever and well... she didn't feel so alone anymore.
"Boys."
." He rose his voice a little, enough to jolt Bucky out of the panicked voices in his mind. "Suction, stitch, then pull. You're nearly there."
For some reason, Steve didn't want to leave trauma or neuro. Seeing Tony's cases and being able to work together always excited him, and trauma was anything but uninteresting. He had grown so used to those two specialties, it was odd to think about doing anything else.
Tony couldn't think. Couldn't breathe. He was suddenly very aware that Steve was in the room, and he wished the earth would swallow him whole. That he'd disappear. Or that she would disappear.
"I'm sorry," Steve said, voice cracking slightly.
“I’m afraid we’re all out, sir.”
He grinned and pointed to his face. "For that nasty cut."
"Listen, I woke up next to someone who looked like a damn model compared to me," Steve replied, his voice still heavy with sleep, "I freaked out."
Tony couldn't suppress his grin. "Right. Merry Christmas, Steve."
lokicorey on tumblr made me
Steve immediately returned his gaze back to Eva. "I guess one cup of coffee wouldn't hurt."
"What are you doing tonight?" Steve blurted out. "I mean—I mean, you know—"
Steve let out a laugh, shaking his head. "Come on, let's sit in front of the fire."
"...Rogers is his last name. I'm not a patient...I'm sorry, he's just an intern and I'm just bringing him coffee...can you not just page him or something?"
Chicago was beautiful during the summer time. Well, it was always beautiful in Steve's eyes, but there was something about the summer months that made it just a bit more special. Even with the sun beating down, the Windy City still lived up to its namesake, and the occasional gusts of wind cooled down the city. The sun made the lake and river seem brighter and shinier, and all the sights made Steve wish the city would stay like this forever.
"Party's over." Steve turned around to face everyone else. "I'll call cabs if you're too drunk to get out of here. Meet me in the building lobby downstairs."
The intern dropped the charts, leaning into Tony and kissing him. One last time, one last time to remember how his lips felt, the way he tasted, how the stubble felt. One last time to remember how much he loved the neurosurgeon, how much he loved the damn guy from the bar.
Steve immediately unbuckled his pants, kicking them off in a frenzy that roused laughter from the stranger. The blond probably should have been slightly embarrassed as his eagerness, but the man in front of him looked far too pretty in his bed for him to care at that point.
." The word slipped out so abruptly and seeing the twinge of sadness in the brunet's eyes only made him feel worse. "I-I'm sorry. I'm going to be late for work. First day. I just...can't. Sorry."
Army Tags, Purple Stethoscope and Redhead were in his group. Thank God for some familiar faces. Dr. Wilson nodded curtly before giving them their pagers.
"Are you...trying to end this?" The pain in Tony's eyes just about shattered Steve's heart.
Tony reached out to the intern, resting his hand on Steve's. "It's over with her. Didn't you hear me? I want you, Steve. I love you."
The blond rolled his eyes and nodded. "Yes, Tony."
When Steve returned to the living room, he found Sharon and Natasha sitting on either side of Bucky on the couch. Beer bottles and red cups littered the coffee table, and it was clear that his friends had their fair share of alcohol for the night. He took their drinks and replaced them with water. They immediately protested.
Army Tags—Bucky—snickered. "Tell us about your mystery booty call, Rogers."
“I like the song,” Steve continues, “my mom, she played that song all the time.”
Tony laughed as he checked her chart. He put a stethoscope to her chest, winking at the young girl who didn't bother to hide her attraction to the neurosurgeon. She giggled and blushed, talking a mile a minute as he examined her.
"Sorry enough to make you breakfast tomorrow morning?"
be serious.”
pretty."
"Tony, get
"Hi, Steve. Thank you for letting me talk to you. I really appreciate it." Tony wrung his hands. "It's really complicated, but if you'll just hear me out—"
, you page me. Page me twenty times if you have to, even if I'm in surgery." The all nodded in agreement before going into the room.
“And what exactly do you want?”
Tony grabbed a handful of kibble from one of the many jars of cat food and treats that lined the kitchen counter. He extended his hand down to the kitten. Cheeseburger carefully sniffed the kibble before taking some into his mouth and scampering back to the living room.
"And now it's not. My life is officially boring." She crossed her arms in annoyance, but she grinned a little. "I'll miss you as my doc, Blondie."
"She was...someone from a little while ago," Steve said simply. "We were together and now we aren't."
"Hi, Dr. Stark," Sharon said quickly, "I was just leaving to check on my patient."
“Do you really have to go off and be a genius in Massachusetts? Can’t you just…be a local genius instead?”
"Tony. I'm being serious." James folded his arms together. He had the same look he'd give Tony whenever he was being an idiot in school, when he wasn't focused, or whenever he pulled some stupid shit outside of class. Rhodey was always looking out for him, the older brother Tony never had. Disappointing him always left a pit in Tony's stomach. Usually Rhodey was always right, but he didn't feel like arguing with him.
"So, dinner tonight?"
Bucky groaned. "Stop talking so loud."
“Welcome back.”
He liked having Steve as his friend. He knew Steve was only his friend. He knew Steve was with Eva. Hell, they were having conversations about her. Steve would light up when he spoke about her during their chats over coffee. He knew Steve wasn’t his.
"I, uh...I'm drunk."
"Good morning to you too, sweetheart."
The soldier looked up to the gallery, where his friends stood up and clapped. He couldn't hear them, but he knew they were cheering. A sense of pride washed over him; maybe he could do this after all.
He tried enjoying himself during the celebration. There was great food and drink; Chicago Medical knew how to treat their staff to a welcoming party. Any intimidation that would have come from meeting world-renowned surgeons melted away with everyone wearing formal clothing and sipping on cocktails; that would all change the next day once everyone was back in scrubs and lab coats.
"Yes, Dr. Rogers." Tony relished the eye roll from his husband and dutifully took his medicine.
The teenager also did his fair share of chores around the apartment whenever Tony and Steve were out of the apartment for a while: dishes, getting up and dusting the ceilings and other places that were hard to reach without spider-like powers. He was very responsible and trustworthy, as he often liked to remind the superhero couple.
"No, I deserve to know," Natasha retorted. "As your new coworkers, we deserve to know your love life. We were all boring and went to bed early last night, meanwhile you waltz in the locker room looking like a vampire was sucking on your chest."
Why did he care so damn much?
He left the surgery once the heart was removed off bypass.
Steve bit into his sandwich, more nervous than he was excited. Sharon and Bucky had joined the two during lunch, celebrating Steve's victory. They spoke in hushed tones for a while, since no one else in the hospital knew about Steve's relationship—almost relationship— with Tony.
"Just say yes."
Steve never really had one-night stands. And he definitely never had drunken one-night stands, but there was a first for everything.
"Ma!"
That really brought a smile to Steve's face, and he sighed in relief. Coming out exhausted him over the years. People like Natasha always made it a little bit easier.
Steve resorted to doing his charting in the skills lab. Surgical interns were far too eager to spend extra time in the skills lab, so it was the perfect opportunity to get away from the usual crowd. He hoped that being the lab would encourage him to get the charts done and practice, but all he could think about was one heartbreaking neurosurgeon.
Now, he wasn’t so sure if that were true. He wasn’t pining, but the feeling in his chest was definitely not purely platonic. They were silent for a moment, one leaning on the other. Truthfully, Steve was scared that Sharon was capable of mind reading abilities because she suddenly sat up and looked him right in the eyes.
They sat back on the couch, and Rhodey wrapped his arm around Tony. "That's what you needed help with? To tell me that you're dating someone?"
"It's okay. I'm fine." Tony forced a smile. "Sorry to just unleash it on you. Won't happen again."
The neurosurgeon insisted that it was pointless going to the party, but Rhodey ignored all of his best friend’s whining.
"Shut up." She leaned back on him, too. "Don't be a jerk and maybe I'll stay friends with you. Clearly, you need it, since you don't know how to talk to your own boyfriend."
, that was like a knife in his chest. He shouldn't believe Tony, the man was still married to a pretty woman with a shiny ring on her finger. But the way Tony looked at him, like he was responsible for putting the stars in the night sky, God, it made his heart ache.
Natasha nudged Steve. "What do you think of Army Tags?"
Steve and Bucky quickly escorted Tommy's mother out of the room while Natasha and Sharon stood beside Wilson. Sharon reached for a large needle out of the cart, and warned Bucky to keep Tommy's mother away from the child. Dr. Wilson kept calm and instructed Sharon to pierce the boy's chest to remove the excess fluid around the boy's heart. Even with the removal of the fluid, the monitors still blared and alerted them that they still need to do more.
The allergy card. An
The intern tried to focus on anything other than Pepper's hands, but it was as if he was in a trance. All he could think about was the fact that her finger was bare; the ring that he spent so much time thinking about, obsessing over—she took it off. It was gone.
Steve looked up at him and his heart nearly froze as he realized how close Tony's face was to his. He could see every detail on the man's face: every freckle, how deep brown his eyes were, a scar on his chin, the tiredness under his eyes. He felt like he had trouble breathing—someone should check his pulse.
The interns watched from afar as Dr. Danvers and Dr. Rhodes explained how Daniela's heart would help Tommy live. Through tearful eyes, the Sanchez family signed the paperwork.
"Alright, people. It's a beautiful night to save lives." With the mask on, it wasn't obvious that Dr. Stark was smiling. But with the way his eyes crinkled and from his voice, it was obvious that he was.
Another painfully awkward laugh. "I didn't know you were a doctor, too."
Sharon returned to the station with a frown on her face. The interns sighed. Back to square one.
'," Bucky scoffed.
"Why is he hounding me about Nat?" Sharon folded her arms. "You know something."
The moment he saw Steve kissing Eva, he knew it was going to be a
The young doctor ditched the tie and suit jacket he donned earlier to the mixer. Once he removed them he felt a little lighter, like he could breathe again. The incoming class of interns was bigger than past years, and combined with all the residents and attendings that were at the mixer, the banquet hall room quickly grew stuffy.
"Mm."
Bucky ran out to the hall, holding an ice pack in his hands. "Steve, I'm sorry. I didn't think this would happen—"
After the examination, Dr. Stark graced the nurses' station with his presence, earning hushed giggles and smiles from them. He thanked them for their help and reminded them to page him whenever they needed to. They batted their eyelashes and thanked him for coming to the rescue, which made Steve's blood boil. Sure, he was an intern, but he was the one in the room. Dr. Stark took ages to answer a goddamn page.
"I-I don't know how to take care of a cat." Tony hoped that would be enough to get the animal out of their apartment. "And Steve—"
The three headed towards the kitchen where the rest of the Avengers were camping out, but they made the same fatal mistake when they saw Bucky and all tried walking towards them with “How are you?”s and “What happened?”s. Rhodey was the first to jump to Bucky’s defense, “Come on guys, you didn’t learn the first time? Back up, back the fuck up--”
The question was enough to make Steve choke, and Tony wasn’t even sure if he meant to say that. Sure, Peter wasn’t as difficult to deal with as some other babies were, but what were the chances of having two mild-mannered children?
“I love you, Tony…” Steve finally left the lab and took the stairs to the Tower’s living area. As he pushed through the door, he was greeted by Peter’s bouncer rolling into his shin. Twice. He laughed and leaned down to give the bouncer a twirl across the floor, causing a flood of baby laughter to fill the air.
Her barks set him off. He held the child closer and stood from the couch suddenly, looking for Steve. He couldn’t find him, and all he saw was lights. Bright lights. Shadows approaching, the shadows of the Avengers, what did they think? He wasn’t going to hurt Peter. The child clung to him, starting to cry, were they upsetting him? He backed up, putting his metallic arm out as the barks echoed.
A laugh erupted from Tony, “What if we did those inappropriate things right now?” He tried to pull the super soldier back as he climbed off his lap, “Come on, I’m down for inappropriate--” He cooed, “Let him sleep, come back to me. Caa~aap-”
And he was mesmerized by every page.
Bucky shook his head, “Why do you like him? You two…”
“Hold on, I’m about to shit my pants.”
Natasha added, “Happy early birthday.”
As consciousness slipped away from him, all he could hear was Sergeant’s barks…
“How’s he doing, love? Did he wake up yet?” Steve cut through the room and threw himself right into Tony’s lap. He straddled his hips but continued to support his own weight as he pushed the other man’s hair out of his face.
Dysphoria.
Thor put one of his giant hands over the mouth of the little scientist, “Tell Banner that you want beer and song and cheer!! Who wouldn’t want that for their birthday?”
Tony sucked in a deep breath, “Well, kiddo, let’s see--” He spread his legs out and set the baby down in-between them, dropping the sketchbook in front of them. His nose was already scrunched up as he started pulling the sheets apart.
Steve’s eyes went wide with his lips twitching in a pout. Deep down, he knew it must have been hard to work with his chest pressed up against his back, but hearing it was different…
He tried to soothe Peter, and the fit eventually lasted long enough that he pulled a chair over. Not once did he consider leaving Bucky’s side to set the baby down for a nap upstairs. Instead, he lulled his son to sleep to the sound of the monitors.
It was an uphill battle, but it was the little victories. He didn’t wallow in depression with a drink in his hand. He was barely in the lab, trying to overwork himself to cope with his problems. For one of the first times in his life, he looked his problem right in the eye. He grabbed the bull by the horns.
Steve stood straight up, tucking Peter’s head into his chest. He stepped closer and murmured, “Bucky, what did you do?” He exhaled and still couldn’t raise his eyes high enough to look at James’ face. Eventually, his eyes lingered on the injured shoulder. He swallowed the saliva collecting in his mouth, beginning to shake his head from side-to-side as he got closer, “Why?”
Steve lifted an eyebrow, “Sure, love, let me know what you think.” He smiled as he handed over the sketchbook before disappearing from the room.
He exhaled, having not realized he was holding his breath, and started petting her. She wagged her tail and licked Peter’s face until his crying stopped. Bucky pitched his head forward and into the lab’s, and everything was okay.
“I’m fucking dying Fury. I have no other choice than to trust you with the knowledge of my alter ego because I’m going to be dead in less than a fucking year.” I cough away the knot in my throat. “I need to find a sustainable core for my arc reactor. The one I have is palladium and it’s poisoning me.”
“I thought he was a security contractor?” Toni hums noncommittally. “Does everyone work for the government now?”
Thank you to those who took a chance on my fic, i know i disappointed and i'm sorry. Here's to getting better at writing.
“I swear, that man is going to drink himself to an early grave.” Sara said to his Ma with a shake of her head. “So sorry that you had to see that.”
“Relax Barnes, it’s just my AI.” I frown. “You did sign the NDAs, right?”
Steve had already offered himself as bodyguard detail for Hill, although even he knew that it would be a waste of his talents to do so. Sue him if he prefers the organization that Peggy Carter founded to not implode thanks to Hydra.
“I just got back from debrief.” Nat raises a hand to her shoulder. “I told him we would be the ones to tell Sam. But Steve, there’s more.” She holds out a small piece of black plastic in her hand, a small green dot flickering in the middle. He looks at her confused, so she leans up to whisper in his ear. “This is a sweeper. It’s Stark Tech, the very best. It searches for hidden bugs and wires. If it ever turns red, then someone is listening in.”
Fuck sleep.
Yinsen translates. The goon laughs before throwing the girl down again. She whimpers but doesn’t move a muscle from the dirty floor.
“Sir, your heart rate is becoming elevated.”
—” She breaks off and turns to face Steve. “Mr. Rogers, nice to see you.”
I don’t look back at Steve and get in the car, now concentrated on trying to figure out how they overrode J’s security protocols. I’d specifically asked him to keep Shield at bay.
By the time I finish the fortieth armor, I want to scream. Fortunately, that seems to be the one that takes.
Pepper gasps, her quick mind connecting the dots faster than Rhodey. “No Toni, please…”
I sit up, wincing as I hear the loud protests of my bones from being slumped over my table. “Patch her through J.” My suit is standing to attention, glowing a soft blue from the reactor that I’d plugged it into.
Unfortunately, as the days go on and no signs of a missile appear, my captors get antsy.
“No but it is.” His baby blue eyes look at me earnestly and he moves closer. “I think you’re great for doing this. I know that most billionaires are the least inclined to help others but for some reason you’re different.”
“Shield has been infiltrated by Hydra.”
Then Barnes turns around and fires at Sam.
“Extenuating circumstances.” He pauses. “Are you in?”
But after they went to that damned gala, she was convinced of the opposite. In her mind, he was in love with someone that he could never have.
“He will bring you all the material you require.”
Cut a girl some slack.
I snarl, finally snatching the sunglasses off my face before glaring at him. “I hate that you’re trying to get under my skin but most of all, I hate that you’ve managed it Agent.” I take a deep breath. “If Fury manages to find a cure, I’ll consider joining. But not one moment before.”
“Bucky,” Sam stares at his husband in desperate hope, voice cracking with emotion. “Babe, please tell me you remember me.”
“No time like the present, Rogers.”
He finally reaches the quinjet, joining the other agents that had already made it back. “I want a complete report on—”
“Right.” Bucky had looked at Steve doubtfully. Steve’s clothes were covered in dirt, his shirt was speckled with his own blood, and his arms were covered in scratches. “I can see that.
It isn’t until the fifth article that he finds one with a video of the conference where Toni admits the armor belongs to her.
“It, uh, wasn’t reinforced.” They all turn, and he takes advantage of the moment to slink away.
“How about an exclusive interview?” he says after his coughs subside. Which, in his humble opinion, was ballsy considering his voice squeaked and his eyes were still tearing.
“No Toni, if I get a suit, my superiors will wonder where I got it from.”
6:00 pm
She snickers, only pulling a faux solemn face when she sees that Steve is serious. “Technically, Jarvis is installed in the whole tower. He just doesn’t reply to anybody else but me.”
“Come on, slow poke. Let’s go.”
Suddenly, the bathroom door slams open and I hear the click of heels on marble. The glass door of my shower slides back and suddenly Pepper is there.
The door slams open, the same goon as always standing in the doorway. He spews a barrage of words at Yinsen before reaching behind him to throw a terrified girl into the cave.
Rhodey turns back to the suit. It’s a close replica of mine but with enough changes that the War Machine armor would never be mistaken for the Iron Man suit. For starters, instead of the bad ass red and gold color scheme, I’d switched it out for a more patriotic dark blue with silver and red accents. Where my suit is all sleek weaponry hidden by hatches and caps, I’d placed a large automatic rifle on the back of Rhodey’s, along with most of the same missiles and weapons in mine.
in front of me! Yinsen performed fucking open-heart surgery in a
A wince crosses Yinsen’s face before he hurriedly translates.
He closes the Twitter app, feeling increasingly overwhelmed by the thousands of tweets that mention Toni’s name. Instead he goes and searches Google in hopes to see something more substantial regarding the Iron Man armor.
Immediately he strides to her side, taking her in his arms without any hesitation.
He gives me a soft hug, like he was afraid I would break, before pulling back to sit next to me. “Next time, you should listen to advice. If I say going to Afghanistan is a bad idea,
“J, power up the suit.”
Pepper splutters something but I just blow her a kiss and pull Bucky behind me into the elevator.
Steve isn’t convinced and Natasha continues to wheedle at him until Sam suddenly slams his hands on the table and gets up. “Listen Steve, I’m aware that you lack a pair when it comes to Stark but for the love of all that’s holy, just man up and talk to her. It’s not like you’re going to tell her that you’re hopelessly in love with her. You’re going to tell her that
“Connect the call, J.”
“It was canceled ten minutes ago by the director of the Veterans Association, no reasons given except an apology for the late cancellation.” Jarvis says promptly, startling Steve if his sudden jump means anything.
“You sure you can do as much as 30 prosthetics?” Bucky gave me the stink eye. “Including physical therapy?”
At least he didn’t kill thousands indirectly with his weapons. No, that honor is all mine.
A sudden crackle through the coms. “Hey Captain, we’ve infiltrated the command center. It’s empty.” The synthetic sounding voice is familiar, if unwelcome. He’d told Shield that they had no need for Iron Man at first. But after scouting the base, they’d decided to call him in—completely disregarding Steve’s wishes. “No prisoners and no further hostiles.”
They grew up as neighbors, pushed to friendship by two mothers who wanted nothing more than them to get along, and so at first, they hated each other. Steve hated Bucky because he was everything that Steve wasn’t; even as a child, Bucky was good-looking, witty, and worst of all, healthy. For sickly asthmatic Steve, that last fact alone meant intense jealousy.
“Over the years, it seems that people forget that I gave all the information I was going to give during one stupid interview when I was still a minor. Nothing has changed.” She downs the rest of her whiskey in one gulp. “I hire people who are efficient and qualified to do their job. The gender they identify with or have sex with, as well as the color of their skin have nothing to do with our hiring process. Now are we done with the interview? Because I’d like to finish this off in bed, naked and sweaty.”
I sigh. Yeah, he has a point. “Okay, I’m going to have to make an announcement then.”
“He still left.” I mutter. Steve might care for me but that doesn’t change that he chose the military over
“I have to do this J.” I grit out. But the elevator doors remain closed. “Jarvis! Take me to the damn lab.”
Rolling her eyes, she turns to a corner of the room. “J, you up?”
“Why’d you take him on?”
He laughs. “I hope I won’t have to use the fire extinguisher.
Steve gapes at her, half-heartedly remembering that he had prepared notecards just in case this happened. Although, that had been more ambition than any actual planning on his part. Exclusive interviews with reserved heiresses don’t just fall into wishful reporters’ laps.
. Of course, much of it had to do with the CEO’s announcement to step down and allow his only daughter to become the new helm. Despite the huge strides for feminine empowerment and gender equality, none of this mattered when the news broke. Steve himself had been sent to the expo with strict instructions to find something vulnerable about this new CEO.
“Leave, now.” They all scramble to get into their shabby trucks.
I sigh. “J, run simulations on all other known elements. We have to find something.”
After making the repairs to my suit and applying the badass paint job to it, I finally collapse on my bed. I’m out like a light immediately.
HI GUYS! oh my gosh i'm really sorry that this chapter took me so long to complete but real life got kind of dicey for me and well... the important part is that i finally have chapter 4 and a rough outline for the rest of the story!
It will make a fucking tsunami.
My head felt like exploding the moment that I’d found out that Steve, the same Steve I’d hit on during a party, the one that became one of my best friends, is Captain America. I mean, fuck, I’d been making fuck me eyes to the guy every single Friday we went out for drinks, my AI called him C
Steve glared at Bucky. “I’m not some kind of charity case.”
“Steve, you have to calm down.”
Of course, rumor has it that she hardly ever sets foot in her penthouse and instead opts to spend all her waking hours in the lab that everyone
The news breaks when Steve is punching a stubborn sandbag into submission. He hears the low murmuring of the agents in the gym but as usual, he ignores them. After Nat’s bombshell, Steve has been even more reticent than usual. So for a good ten minutes, he’s still stuck in his bubble, trying to work out his demons and worry for Bucky with good old physical exertion.
“I can ignore it for as long as I fucking want Rhodey!” Steve made his choice.
Under the keen gaze of my wonderfully terrifying PA, the two men stammer their agreements.
His eyes are warm and full of something that makes my stomach twist in anticipation. “Thank you, Toni.” He looks like he’s about to say something else, but Jarvis interrupts our conversation.
They give me the materials quickly, a mere two days after I make the request. When they deliver the materials, Nadira and Yinsen are held at gunpoint, to ensure my compliance.
Not that that meant that Steve would do the same. He’d woken up, disoriented and confused since he’d just crashed a plane in the artic, and told that he was in 2002. Fifty years in the future. The only reason he fought for the military as Captain America again was because he’d had nobody else to turn to. He had no living family and he’d thought that Bucky had died fifty years before.
The armor Toni made in the cave had been clunky, no finesse at all. But it’s understandable considering the circumstances while she created it. For the flaming pieces of shit that she'd produced thus far, there were no excuses.
Yinsen gives me a small smile. “I will finally be reunited with my family.”
“We have a recall by the FDA due to one of the medical products malfunctioning in clinics and it hit our stocks pretty badly.” Pepper sounds genuinely stressed, which considering she’s kept her cool under other pretty shitty situations makes me worry as well. “Your CFO and Director of Finance of your South Asian plant are ready to talk numbers to avoid laying off employees.”
“And?”
Natasha looks at both men with a telling glance. Apparently, she’s the one in charge of this business. Steve glances at Clint again, but the other man merely shrugs and continues fiddling with his bow.
For some reason, his cheeks burn at her smile. “Don’t worry about it.”
.” Bucky’s cackle reverberated through the tiny speakers. “I told Sam that there was something definitely going on!”
I always make the same mistakes.
Hell, she’d make a better CEO than I do.
Still I got fucking abducted. “I got kidnapped and I saw a
He understands Sam.
But at least I won’t arm them.
She pouts. “Ugh Steve, you can’t throw my workaholic tendencies in my face like that.” She wags her finger at him. “Bad Steve.”
“James is gone.” Can a super soldier have a heart attack? The tightness in his chest makes him believe that yes, a super soldier
Toni looks at Steve exasperated. “Come on Rogers, we can’t get awkward with each other. You’re my best man on the PR front.”
“Steve, I have no desire to go back to the foundation until my husband is back with me.” Sam coughs, his eyes looking dangerously glassy. “It’s been nine months and I have nothing to show for it. I can’t go and pretend everything is fine while knowing that the love of my life is wandering around with fucking amnesia.”
During Christmas break, Toni’s world shatters. But Steve has no idea until she calls him, sobbing so hard that her words are intelligible.
“He was engaged Pep.” I still remember the shame I felt when he had to put me in my place. “I came onto him and then in my embarrassment, decided to grant him the interview.”
He picks me up, mumbling something to a familiar voice behind him. I’m still lost in the tumultuous emotion inside me, still grieving Yinsen and Nadira. Two souls that deserved so much more than the death they received while helping me.
“Are you going to tell me anything?”
So this chapter was completely unplanned. Originally i had their third and final encounter planned as the final chapter for this work but Peggy dumping Steve just wouldn't stop crossing my mind.
Iron Man chuckles. “I don’t doubt it Captain. However, I strongly suggest you secure him. According to my calculations he will regain full consciousness in less than a minute.” A groan from Bucky’s lips confirms Iron Man’s words.
Fuck.
“Find us flights to Heathrow and arrange transportation to my aunt’s retirement home.”
“Look, why did you even bother coming with me?”
Although the man was supposed to be dead, so that’s a decent excuse for my oversight.
But as usual, no deities respond. My breaths keep coming faster, my head swimming with doubts and anger directed at myself. I know I’m having a fucking panic attack in my shower like some sort of pathetic moron, but I can’t control the wheezing breaths or the trembling in my limbs.
The gloom starts to clear a bit, the silhouette of a person lit by the glowing brightness of fire. The person has their back to me, so I take the moment to look around me. The darkness makes it difficult to see, but I make out the unmistakable shapes of machine guns.
Steve types away on his keyboard, the constant clacking of the keys a soothing rhythm to his ears. He’d started to work on his latest piece for his newspaper. Even though he focused more on Toni’s latest work in Honduras, he’d made the time to interview a mutant with the power to shape-shift.
“I remember that, I was the one who posted bail for the dude.” Against my better judgement, my lips curl into a smile. After my own dealings with Stern, I had J scan all news for anything to do with the guy. As soon as I knew that the guy who managed to punch Stern had a million-dollar bail, I ordered my lawyers to get to work. “Your friend is my hero.”
“So snarky.” I mutter but look at myself in the screen anyway.
This is starting to sound like a buddy club. Which, despite my near adoration for Steve’s ass, is not my cup of tea.
The flap opens again, this time for Rhodey. He stumbles into Steve, since the other still stood in the entry.
I know.
“J, get Fury on the phone.” Maybe the known elements can’t help me but I know Shield is hiding more than just aliens from public knowledge.
Apparently, his love for his mundane job is too crazy to understand for two super-secret agents.
“No way.” Before he could get another word out, the other kid punched him in the face.
Toni is still grappling with her impeding death. Oh, and Fury needs her help to find a MIA Winter Soldier.
Steve doesn’t reply. He just places his hand on my waist and lets me hold onto him as I make my way outside.
THank you to those who decided to give this fic a chance. Honestly, you guys are worth your weight in gold. Love ya'll.
I have no desire to return to my previous humanitarian work. Ballrooms and fundraising will no longer cut it. The work in poverty-stricken areas will always be a priority but I can’t waste away my time like I used to do. I have to do more.
“As you wish, Sir.”
Steve swears, hearing an echo of a strangled curse from Sam’s com, and pushes on. They run over several rooftops before Barnes chooses to jump from a six-story building onto the ground. Steve grunts out a curse before jumping behind him. He barely gets a glimpse of Barnes’ dark hair flying as the amnesiac runs full tilt into the open market next to the building.
“Listen Steve, if you don’t want to tell me the truth, that’s fine.” I look at him in the eye. “Just don’t try to lie to my face.”
“What?” he asked, trying to focus on Bucky for the first time since lunch had started. He heard Clint chuckling on his right, but didn’t really pay too much attention to him, since he knew his friend was already having way too much fun with the whole ‘SteveTony’ situation, as he liked to call it.
“You don’t know that” said Janet, and she sounded a lot more serious than Steve was expecting from her, she was the first to know just how easily Tony fell in and out of love for the people he dated. If he was really into Steve, he would have said something about it, right? Hell, they had been friends for almost four years and all Tony managed to tell Steve was how cute he would have been with Sharon Carter from Biology 1. And sure, Sharon was pretty and she was one of the best students in their Biology class, but why would Tony even say that? Steve didn’t understand it back then and, to be honest, he still didn’t really get what Tony wanted to say with that comment.
“I’m leaving for Massachusetts in two days, Steve” was the only thing Tony said, and his voice was shaking, and Steve had never heard him sound so hurt, almost like talking to Steve was the most painful thing he’d ever done.
“I never thought Tony would be one for excessive public displays of affection, though” added Clint, and now everyone at their table turned to look in Tony’s direction, and Steve, who really didn’t want to do that, ended up following everyone else’s glare. And it was great, really, to not only see Tony laugh at whatever dumb shit Strange had said, but also have to witness the guy he loved lean in and kiss someone else, there, right in front of everyone’s eyes. But the worst part of it wasn’t really the kiss itself, no, because that wasn’t the first time Steve had seen Tony kiss someone else, hell, they had been to plenty of parties together, no, the worst part was the little smile on Tony’s lips after the kiss ended. Tony looked like kissing Stephen Strange truly made him happy, and Steve wanted to hate him for that, really, but he simply couldn’t, not when he looked so fucking happy doing something as simple as kissing his boyfriend during lunch.
“Sure” Steve simply replied, smiling fondly at Tony, now happy just because Tony was actually going to sit with him at lunch, just like he had used to, and who knew, maybe things were going to go back to normal, even if it was just for the last two weeks of school.
TW: panic attack for Toni. It isn't an integral part of the story but it is kinda important for Toni as a person.
“Bucky, it’s three in the morning and unlike some people, I actually have to work for a living.”
“Yeah well, no one picks on me because I can take care of myself.”
HI guys! I'm back! To be honest, i hit a major writer's block these past couple of weeks and i had to rewrite most of what i had written already. I saw that it was getting too Stony heavy and I wasn't ready to let go of Toni's arc quite yet.
I clench my fists, press them against my chest in hopes of easing the pressure in me.
“Are you aware that by hiring LGBTQ+ and PoC you endorse their movement despite never giving any information about your sexual and gender orientation?”
“Come in Steve, don’t mind the mess.” He stares at Dum-E as he walks towards my desk, the robot trailing after him like a puppy. “That’s Dum-E. My firstborn child.”
“No!” Uncaring now about the guards, I make my way next to Nadira’s corpse. Ignoring the burning in my eyes, I cradle her small head in my arms. “Tell him that he will receive the weapon in three days.”
Pepper gives a small wet chuckle, wiping away her tears with the backs of her hands. “I never thought that you would keep something like this from us either.”
I let out a small chuckle, as if I hadn’t known that Steve would leave at the first chance he got.
?! Then I finally glance down at myself and swallow a scream.
So i'm going to change the rating to mature just in case things get steamier later on and i accidentally publish smut while it's still in Teen and up.
Right, she’s flirting with him.
Rogers and somehow, I never noticed that he looked just like the pictures my dad kept in his shrine.
He snorts. “Right, but that’s work, and this is small talk.” Steve grips his coffee cup a little tighter but loosens it when the Styrofoam squeaks.
Before Steve could reply, Toni wraps her arm around the other woman’s waist. “Pep,
“I remember the plan.”
It’s ironic that the tabloids try to paint her as some sort of harlot shrew. Because she never bows to society’s expectation that she must try to tear down other women, or anyone in her way, to be number one. She’s always the underdog’s biggest supporter. As for the label of harlot…
“So I’ll—”
Steve coughs, stifling something that sounds suspiciously like a chuckle.  I narrow my eyes at him, but Pepper gets my attention before I can say anything.
“Gonna introduce your buddy to us or are you just going to let us drool in abject admiration?” I quip. Queen of the sass, that’s me.
He cups my face in his hands. “Since when has the known been a restriction for the brilliant Toni Stark?” I close my eyes. He’s right. I’ve never let the limitations of science or technology stop me. It’s time to get to work. Something in my face must have clued him in to my change of heart because Rhodey smiles. “That’s my girl.”
“You know I hate job hunting.” She wipes at her eyes. “Come on, we have to get you to a hospital so they can look you over again.”
They’d had a plan in place, hoping that Bucky would at least hear them out if they don’t go guns blazing, to ease in the fact that Sam was his husband. Of course, like all plans, it didn’t work out. For a moment, the other man falters, his gait stuttering to an almost halt, but then he looks at the two men on his tail and turns to run, even faster this time.
Steve answers her truth with his own. He grew up sickly, much smaller than the others in his grade and plagued with asthma. Combined with his disregard for bullies and photographic memory, he was the main target for harassment. He’d never gotten a second look from any of the girls at his school, much less any of the guys.
“Bucky? Is it okay if I get closer?” Rhodey’s face came into view with his eyebrows pushed together in concern, “Steve’s on his way down.”
Bucky was right. He hated being right. Why couldn’t his paranoia be all in his head? No, not only did Steve have to go get married, but he had to get married to some asshole. He should’ve known Stark was no good, and he scrunched up his nose when he heard the door open.
“Oh, really? I guess I could see it… shitting my pants every few minutes, crying when I’m hungry, wailing when I’m put in my crib… yeah, this baby and I? Might as well be the same person,” Tony replied with sarcasm laced in his tone as he adjusted the baby in his lap, “And he’s getting kinda chubby... “
He wasn’t a loud baby. Not by any means.
“Don’t worry, your cake is on its way. I had them rush it since we’ll do our little celebration tonight. Steve said it wasn’t a big deal, but hey, that was your ‘big present’, if you’re aching for cake at the end of the week, I’ll get you another one,” He laughed and reached out to boop Peter on the nose before spinning off, not even waiting for Bucky to reply.
Rhodey put a hand on the ground and slowly dropped to his knees, pain shooting up his spine and causing a gasp to escape him, “Steve? Yeah, yeah, he’s fine, Bucky, why would you think he’s not?”
Every time the metal of his arm brought him face-to-face with his own reflection, he became painfully aware of how it didn’t belong to him. His arm might as well have been the enemy. It wasn’t his own. He was reluctant to ever call this his limb, even after Steve’s husband took to tweaking it, making it more comfortable, more efficient…
The words caused his heart to ache. “You’re my best friend, Steve.” He swallowed the saliva collecting in his mouth, “My one and only.”
Everything was different now. He lived in the Avengers’ Tower, trapped watching some rich guy kiss up on his best friend. Everyone watched him like a hawk as if he’d snap any day now, he could barely hold the baby without someone's gun pressed against his head. It wasn’t like that for Tony’s best friend, Rhodey.
Bucky didn’t know whether to smile or not. He looked down at his plate that he had been picking at for the better part of an hour.
Steve returned to the medical floor and welcomed himself into Bucky’s room, “Buck, hey. I know you’re tired, but I had to come when I heard you woke up.” He made his way over to the bed with a smile across his face. It faltered when he saw the look at his friend’s face, “What’s wrong, Buck? Are you okay?” He pushed his hair out of his face.
Bucky wanted to laugh. He should laugh… Steve saying that combination of words was hilarious, but he scoffed, “You know you deserve better, right?”
“I’ve got you, Buck…”
“Polyamorous… like, taking on multiple wives? My mother would have killed my father if he ‘double-dipped’.” Thor explained.
Bucky’s head snapped to attention, “What? N--”
“Actually, I wanna see it.”
Trotting along came a decent-sized dog. Bucky recognized it was some kind of shepherd and tilted his head, mouth hanging open with no words. He looked to Steve, but Steve said nothing. Instead, Banner spoke, “His name’s Sergeant.”
Tony interrupted with a sharp tone, “Broken? Damaged? Still working for Hydra?”
And he kept going, “You have gods, monsters, super soldiers all trusted to just, not freak out and hurt the baby. You have two literal children that dumped their whole life story on me, because I’m the same color as them, and they just want anyone who could possibly relate to them or share something with them, but I am …”
“Mwah, mwah, mwah,” Steve slipped away with a few blown kisses before hitting the elevator.
Bucky swallowed back again and found it too easy to get lost in those beautiful, blue eyes. He exhaled before suddenly pushing up against him.
“Yeah, Buck, we’re here for you, we all are, just like we were with Steve…” Rhodey held Sam’s hand and nodded with a smile.
Steve forced his way right into the conversation, “There is nothing wrong, Thor, with dating two people as long as both are aware. They have a word for that, you know? Polyamorous, aren’t most gods polyamorous?” He narrowed his eyes and Thor squinted.
Rhodey laughed, “You sound so much like Tony. Pepper and I do the arguing and Tony rallies behind us.” He snickered, “Steve’s told me so much about Peggy, and I gotta say, I’m sorry for your loss, guys… you know, we talk about it a lot, but being displaced by time like that? My heart is in it with you two.”
Then came the barking of Steve’s service dog, Captain, and Bucky snapped to attention. He had learned of “post-traumatic stress disorder”, something many soldiers had. That’s where Captain came in, to soothe Steve, to alert if Steve was having an episode -- the Labrador had to be his second best friend.
Then, there was T’Challa -- as if he wasn’t graceful enough being the attractive, young king of Wakanda. Ororo had to get him pregnant so he could sit criss cross with his belly on his legs and look like an actual God at every opportunity. When they talked about pregnant people glowing, they were talking about T’Challa. He grinned like the cat who ate the canary, and every chance saw him basking in knowing how regal he looked.
Bucky and Clint served as a breath of fresh air. Neither could imagine getting pregnant, but Tony was reminded that neither really had a choice either. He was left feeling as if no one truly understood what he was going through. It was a decision that he made.
Suddenly, someone bumps into me and I spill my deliciously healthy juice all over my hoodie, “Fuck!” I start to pat at myself furiously with napkins. This is my favorite—
This time Steve couldn’t hold back a grunt as the boot connected again with his mid-section. God that’s going to leave a bruise that might take more than a day to heal over.
“I hit him with a dart filled with horse relaxant.” The unrepentant edge in Iron Man’s voice gets Steve’s blood pumping again, but again it’s only Sam’s expression as he cradles Bucky’s head that makes him hold back.
Bucky arrived before the teachers and managed to pry them apart. But before he could drag Steve away, a teacher showed up. She’d taken one look at Steve and sent him straight to the nurse’s office. Unfortunately for Steve, Bucky had volunteered to take him there.
And yet, he’d been so sure that he loved her.
And all due to one conversation with Toni Stark.
The rest of the day passes in a blur, that brief interaction with Toni occupying so much of his attention that he makes absolutely no headway on his work. And it isn’t until he’s in bed, half-asleep, that he realizes that he hardly even thought of Peggy.
“Steve,” I say, suddenly reminded that I have less than a month to live and I
I give a weak chuckle. “Those tears for your dear old boss?” She laughs wetly before pulling away.
I sigh and raise my gaze back to Steve’s, trying to commit it to memory. “Well, I have to get going.” I blink to beat back the burning in my eyes. No tears. Let him have this memory. “I’m glad we could talk.”
The car slows to a stop and I look at our destination. My tower gleams next to the curb where the car sits idling.
Fuck no. “Yeah.” I grit my teeth and swing my legs over the side of my cot. The tremors in my arms increase but I’ll be damned if Steve carries me again. That ship has obviously sailed.
And then twin tendrils slither out from the suit’s arms and crackle to life with a familiar blue glow.
“Uh—”
I press my fingers into the skin of my cheeks, a strangled sob in my throat. God, this damn thing is driving me insane. I just wish I could either find an answer to this or die already but this waiting around to see what happens is killing me slowly.
and slowly morphs into Toni, his friend.
Toni gets back home, creates MARK I, while Steve is anguishing over his return to military life.
An indignant snort crackles through the speakers. “Steve you ass, I told you that the whole reason why I geared up for this was because Stark’s foundation finally approved my prosthetic request.”
it when someone hides things from her. She probably hates my guts. Which I totally deserve, don’t get me wrong. It’s just…” He sighs again. “She was my best friend, not just my crush. And I hate that the Captain America shit ruined our friendship, even if I don’t regret taking the shield again.”
“J put together a file on him. I want to know everything.” Then I remember his words about palladium poisoning. “And scan me for palladium poisoning.”
Their eyes meet and tension rises.
He obligingly goes in that direction without pausing to look at the opulence of Toni’s world. When he arrives to her apparent room, he opens the door and sees her crumpled on the floor against her bed.
Abruptly, he’d gotten angry, incensed at his life in general. “No.”
HI! so i'm sorry for such a short update and for such crap content but honestly this chapter got rewritten like five times before i just gave up. :( i really wanted Steve and Toni to spend more time together, but it just wouldn't come together like i wanted.
She quirks an eyebrow at his flummoxed expression. “Well?”
Steve had worked hard on his schoolwork in the hopes that his frequent absences wouldn’t hurt his grades, so he and Bucky were still in the same grade. Of course, their resentment to each other prevented them from spending time outside of the hours that their mothers forced them to. But on the day Steve stood up to his bully, Bucky found that he couldn’t let the punk get the snot punched out him.
I don’t say anything until he’s near the table, opting to forgo the chitchat and go straight to the nitty gritty. “So no coffee today?” Okay, almost straight to the nitty gritty.
“I know several of you have been speculating about the ownership of the armor.” She says behind a podium, gesturing to Iron Man standing to attention behind her. “The truth is it belongs to me.”
Maybe if I say it enough times, it’ll become true.
Quickly I turn off my iron and run around looking for a moderately reflective surface to see if I don’t look like I’ve spent the past 24 hours in my lab. Which to my surprise (not really though), despite everything being stainless steel I only found a fucking spoon to look at myself in.
Steve pines from afar.
Slowly, Steve rolls over to his side and clambers up. Unsurprisingly his captors are armed to the teeth. Not enough to warrant a threat, but then again, they thought they captured a spy not Steve Rogers, alias Captain America.
It’s weird that Toni hasn’t contacted him yet.
“Go out to dinner with me.” I interrupt her. Her eyes widen and a slight blush covers the freckles on her nose and cheeks. “I know that you’ve always had a policy for not going out with your employers, but I also know you’ve already read the proposal I had legal send you.”
She gives me a quick kiss on my cheek, her own cheeks a bright red as she faces me in faux seriousness. “I want you on your best behavior while I’m gone.”
He shakes his head adamantly. “No, I think that even if you were an average joe like me, you’d find some way to help out.”
“Sir, Ms. Potts is on the phone.”
“Fuck calm!”
“J, fire a flare into his mask!” I need to see the face of the perpetrator. “NOW!”
Looking spooked, he nods.
Her eyes widen at the mention of torture, but she doesn’t mention it at all. “Toni, no, you’re going to a hospital.” She turns to Happy. “Tell her Happy.”
Steve raises his weapon, mindful that he is extremely outmatched compared to the walking WMD. “Hill sent me on this mission.” For all her faults, Hill doesn’t interrupt undercover missions. Not when that could mean the death of an agent.
“Where—”
A twisting sensation shoots through his stomach.
But he let’s go of me and takes several steps back. “And sorry for touching you.”
“I didn’t ask him to!” My voice cracks.
Hi everyone! I know I dropped off the face of the earth for... two months? dang, time flies when the world is ending and all that lmao.
He points a finger at me. “Iron Man’s armor is distinctive. I think nobody would see the glowing circle in your chest and doubt that you are Iron Man. Now get to the point Stark, I have an international incident on my hands that I have to resolve.”
The only people I can trust are Pepper and Rhodey. Everyone else wants something from me.
/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/
I step toward Vanko, lowering myself to one knee so I can be at eyelevel with him. “All I see before me is the son of a disgrace.” He spits at my helmet, but I just chuckle. “I can hit all the right buttons too
Rhodey snorts, already striding inside the tent to carry me.
“I don’t know Toni,” His features twist. “What if it backfires and instead leaves a volatile weapon in the hands of the Air Force?”
“I shouldn’t have exploded at you—”
It takes up a lot of my time, my moments spent in my lab reduced to mere hours each day. I jet around the world in my suit, allowing myself a grim smile each time the news covers ‘Iron Man’s’ newest heroic shenanigans.
I had set out this morning to see more of the city, feeling every second that ticks by as a moment that I’ve lost. I’d wanted to see the corners I’d never ventured out to see, always too scared to mingle, scared that I’d be hounded by paparazzies or mobbed by people who don’t understand that celebrities are humans too. So I’d put on my most nondescript clothes, made sure that every black tendril on my skin is covered with the softest sweatshirt I own, and set out.
“I don’t think that’ll work Toni.”
Whatever Jarvis says is muffled as I put my faceplate on. Then as the HUD comes to life, his voice is suddenly chiding me at my ear. “I may need to remind you to be careful Sir.” My repulsors whine as they come to life and I whizz my way out of my garage. The night is clear, only a couple of cars still roaming the streets.
is under the tower.
“Toni, you have a meeting with the head of the finance department in five minutes.” I hum softly, as I open the visor of my helmet. What if I don’t have time to set up my suit? “Toni? Are you even listening to me?”
Her face is pale and drawn, blood speckling her left temple. Her hair is falling out of the tight braid she usually wears and it’s this last fact alone that clues him in to the seriousness of her news. Black Widow only begins to crumble when shit hits the fan big time.
“Yeah,” I say. “A snag.”
She talks about growing up with the pressure of not being the boy her father always dreamed of. Of not being the girl that her mother expected her to be, and the expectations placed on her by society ever since it got out that she was a prodigy.
“Also Sir, it would do well to remember that today is—”
He almost opens his mouth to tell her that we could keep this to a fluff piece if she preferred when she looks at him with a glance that quells his doubts.
Not…this.
“I’m Iron Man.”
Then my two working braincells not focused on the exoskeleton finally clicked. “Steve!”
“I didn’t mean—” His tone is gentle, his expression so fucking familiar to me that I cut him off before I throw myself at him.
The suit has none of the sleek elegance of mine, instead going for bulk and heavy artillery. A high caliber automatic rifle perches on one of the bulky shoulders while the other has a bazooka launcher. The first thought that crosses my mind is that the person inside must have insane gains.
and i'm adding some more tags too because what the hell.
“Oh Toni,” Steve touches my jaw gently, like I was made of glass. His thumb soothes the edge of my lips, and he stares deep into my eyes. “You’re one of a kind.”
My chest tightens uncomfortably, my throat suddenly feeling constricted.
The Steve gets dumped and we see his thought process.
The funny thing about torture is that even though they use the same methods frequently, you never get used to it. I’d been waterboarded so many times I’d lost count and every single fucking time I scream like a child, the sounds gurgling in the water, my nose burning with every drop of water inhaled. They’d broken my toes one by one, and each one made me scream and sob like nobody’s business. Whips and flogs beat me daily, with methodic precision to avoid breaking skin, and the pain never gets any easier.
As soon as they leave, I grab a sheaf of paper and pencil. Once my reactor is in place, if I can manage to stabilize the tech, I have to design the biggest WMD of my life. Back when my designs were of the warmongering type, I’d toyed with the idea of armor for the soldiers. The board had disagreed with me, of course, so I’d just created a bunch of new missiles instead.
“I know you’re not going to reveal your identity Tones.” Rhodey says slowly. “So what’s your plan?”
“Tell him to leave a message.” I say, before shooting a grin to a suddenly solemn Pepper. “Come on Pep, I swear I’m not going to do anything. I’m off consulting hours.”
“I don’t have to help you.” Fury muses, one hand on his chin and I’m about to fucking lose it when he gives me a secretive smile. “But it just so happens that I have something called the Avengers Initiative.”
I offer him a smile as he trails off, adorably unsure. “Sure, no prob. Now would you like me to start the fittings for your arm now or after we talk shop?”
“Uh,” I say eloquently. He lets go of my hand, but I still feel the warmth of his hand on mine.
“So can I!”
If only he hadn’t been forced to accept his help. Steve is aware that Fury is being surprisingly lenient with him by letting him be part of these missions, just like when he’d been searching for Tony. Of course, Bucky’s disappearance is of upmost importance to Shield.
I stand up abruptly. That reminds me, I have to start the drawings for the new arm I’m going to make for Steve’s bestie.
I trail off when I see his eyes harden again. Ok, maybe a bad move to mention it.
He shakes his head and sighs. “I had an idea after I saw the glowing circle on the chest of the Iron Man suit. It wouldn’t surprise me.” The corners of his mouth turn up in a small smile. “What does surprise me is that you would actually keep this information quiet. That you would keep your identity a secret.”
His breath catches in his throat and he coughs before he answers. “Hi Toni. How are you?”
Steve is saying something but I’m sending off messages to my Finance department and my R&D team so they can whip up something by the end of the day. Pepper will definitely be much more organized about this and will know who else I need to get in touch with so the Barnes Foundation can be christened ASAP. And of course, I have to make Bucky’s arm myself. I pull up my favorite modeling program and start to draw the schematics for the arm when suddenly Steve’s arm punches straight through my hologram and he grabs my hand midair.
Oh God.
Comments are very much welcome!
When this shit blows up in my face, as always, I’ll have nobody else to blame but myself.
Of course, having the hangover from hell also means that his reactions aren’t what they should be. And it’s because of this that when he finds himself in the elevator with a very well-dressed Toni, he says the worst possible thing.
Her sharp eyes tell me that I haven’t fooled her. “All right. Don’t tell me.”
The door opens the rest of the way and he walks inside with a sheepish smile. He rubs a hand over the nape of his neck before looking back at the guy who walks in behind him.
“Wait you’re going to be in the Stark Tower?!” An affirmative grunt. “With Toni?”
“What the—” Rhodey trails off when he sees that it’s Steve. Something looking scarily like awe flashing on his face before he looks at me. “Tones! You’re awake!”
“I promise you’ll see them again.”
It’s ridiculous how safe I feel once he’s there, tension melting away from my shoulders. But then I pay attention to what he’s wearing.
Steve is blotchy again. “You know, Bucky maybe—”
“Pick on someone your own size.” He’d been ready to throw hands, but the other boy had simply looked at him and laughed.
“The news is false.” Coulson doesn’t look surprised at my lack of surprise so he must have come to the conclusion that I would have found out sooner or later. “He wants you to know that the Avengers Initiative needs you.”
Yinsen’s face is stoic as always but I can see a muscle jumping under his eye as he translates.
She doesn’t look convinced, opting instead to sip at her champagne and looking back at the blueprints in front of us.
So yes, being the one to publish this piece launched his platform into the stratosphere of public knowledge. Fortunately, the rest of his works kept it there. Not that that was a guarantee for anything. So Steve accepted the invitation, rented another expensive looking suit, and finally gave Peggy a reason to dress up. His finances never really gave much opportunity for evening gowns and her heirloom jewelry before. Peggy, of course, never complained but Steve is far from oblivious.
Objectively, Toni Stark is always gorgeous.
“What the fuck did you do to him?” Steve turns back to the shiny metal, his face thunderous. It’s only Sam’s soft voice that pulls him away from the edge of violence.
“Jarvis, I’m fine.” I slam my hands against the elevator doors. “Take me to the fucking lab now!”
Everyone is convinced that the man behind the machine is a technical genius, some believe that he’s a vigilante while others are of the belief that he is a savior of sorts. Nobody ever connects me to the superhero persona. Of course, it helps that everyone is convinced that the person in the suit is male. Honestly, I’ve never been happier that I’m a sucker for androgyny. If I’d welded a pair of boobs to my suit, it would have been easier to pin the identity to me.
I put my phone on the table and pop out the holographs so that they expand over the table. “J, baby, notify Pep about Barnes Foundation pronto.”
He stares at her for a long second, aware that this was heartfelt sincerity that she would never share with the big guns that have interviewed her in the past. “I don’t know how to respond to that.”
The first thing I notice when I wake up is the low murmur of a man’s voice. I don’t recognize the language, but considering I failed French in high school, that’s not much.
I grunt, this changes everything. “Thanks J.”
This year Toni shut down operations since the 18
The rest of the summer, not to anyone’s surprise, flew by, and Steve thought that, even if it hadn’t started off in the best of ways, with Tony avoiding them and making up excuses to not hang out with them, his summer could have still been worse. So, when August was about to end, and everyone was trying to prepare for college, all Steve could really think was how he never actually got the chance to tell Tony how he felt about him. “You know, it’s never too late for that” Natasha had told him just a couple of days into the last week of August, while the two of them were driving to Carol’s house to meet up with the others, “you could tell him today” she had then suggested, but Steve knew he couldn’t do it with all their friends in the other room, so he had decided to wait, hoping a better occasion would come up, and thinking he still had a couple of weeks to figure it out. Of course, that was until Tony informed them that he was actually leaving on the first of September, because MIT apparently started their courses earlier, so Steve had to panic and come up with a plan in less than a week. “We’re throwing Tony a goodbye-party” Carol had told Steve, even if they were all leaving in less than a month, so it didn’t really matter whose goodbye-party that actually was, “Are you free tomorrow night?” Clint had added, staring at him with big wide eyes, waiting for his obvious answer. And so Steve had agreed to go to Tony’s goodbye-party, even if he wasn’t ready, not in the slightest, and he knew he was probably just going to fuck everything up. Natasha and Bucky, always the perfect friends, had tried to reassure him, telling him that it was the right thing to do, and that Tony deserved to know, and that, in any case, Tony would leave soon, so it didn’t really matter if it went well or like hell. And the party, even if it had been organised in less than two days, turned out to be really cool, with all their friends from school coming to say goodbye to Tony and enjoy one last good party before the responsibilities that college brought actually started. Steve had spent almost all night by Tony’s side, and, even when other guests would come by to chat for a little with Tony, Steve never felt unwelcome, because Tony would always turn to him and smile at him, sometimes even winking, keeping his best friend as close as possible for the last time. “Looks like Tony doesn’t want to lose you in the crowd” joked Bucky at some point of the night, stopping by Steve’s side and offering him a beer, that Steve simply took, still looking absentmindedly at Tony, who was talking to a girl from their English class. “I’m not gonna tell him anything” Steve confessed, turning to look at Bucky with guilt in his eyes, “I can’t do that to him” he added, trying to keep his voice low so that Tony wouldn’t hear him, “I can’t tell him I’ve been in love with him for the past four years and never acted on it” and in that moment, probably because he saw it in his eyes, Bucky simply nodded, and told him that it was okay, that he didn’t have to talk to Tony about his feelings if he didn’t want to. So Steve hugged him, surprising the other boy a little, and then thanked him, really, not only because he understood, but because he had been to him the best friend he could have ever asked for, so he was grateful, truly. “Stop missing things before they end” Bucky told him, almost ordered him, and then, after squeezing his shoulder lightly with his free hand, he smiled at Steve, and went back into the crowd, probably to find Natasha. After that, Tony had politely ended the conversation with that girl, who left and quickly disappeared in the crowd, and then he had turned to smile again at Steve, who couldn’t help but smile back, thinking of how lucky he was to have Tony still in his life. “I can’t believe I’m leaving in two days” Tony told him, sounding truly excited, “I’m going to Massachusetts, can you fucking believe it, Steve?” he asked him, and Steve shook his head, because no, he couldn’t really believe how far from him Tony was going. “It’s insane” the other boy continued, now looking at the crowd dancing to the loud music, while Steve kept looking at him. “Yes, it’s insane” he commented, and Tony turned again, staring right into Steve’s eyes, maybe because he had felt the sadness in Steve’s tone, or maybe simply because Steve’s eyes were clearly looking for Tony’s own. The two of them kept looking into each other’s eyes for a couple of seconds more, until Tony, still smiling widely, broke that contact to look at his shoes, and Steve could swear the other boy was slightly blushing, not really visible if you weren’t as close as he was to Tony, but still undeniably there. Steve smiled a little, seeing Tony react that way, and, for the first time in four years, he thought that maybe,
“Yes, I know” he dumbly replied, still looking right into Tony’s eyes, trying to smile a little, hoping the other boy would eventually stop looking so fucking sad.
“He’s always had a thing for you, so it’s not really a surprise” he managed to say, stopping at his locker and opening it without even really thinking about it, too focused on staring directly at the floor to avoid meeting Tony’s eyes.
“He looks happy with him” was the only thing Steve could say, because it was the truth, sure, but also because he knew anything else would have sounded too selfish. He wanted Tony to be happy more than anything, and if that meant for him to be happy with someone else, Steve couldn’t really complain, he would have given anything to be the one making Tony happy, that was for sure, but he cared too much for Tony to really think about his own happiness.
“It’s okay, Tony, I know how busy you are” he simply replied, taking out his books from the locker and then closing it, turning to face the other boy, “Clint is kinda bummed about it, though” he added, smiling a bit, because the last thing he wanted was for Tony to think he was the one ‘bummed about it’.
“Steve, are you listening?” Natasha asked him one day, while the two of them were sitting on Steve’s porch, drinking homemade lemonade and trying not to melt because of the summer’s heat.
“Why did you have to tell me now?” Tony asked him, sounding so tired and hurt that Steve wanted to punch himself, because really, why did he always have to ruin everything? “Couldn’t you just keep it to yourself for a couple more days?” he added, and wow, that really hurt, that felt like someone was stabbing Steve directly in the heart, and it was the worst possible sensation.
“Steve, we met four years ago” he said, taking a shaky breath and focusing again on Steve, looking at him like he was some special creature that needed to be treated in a kind and sweet way. Steve hated to see Tony like that, and hated his friends for convincing him that telling Tony everything was a good idea, but, most of all, he hated himself, for not keeping his mouth shut and ruining Tony’s last days before university started.
“You can say you’re jealous, you know? It’s normal” added Bucky, who was sitting between him and Natasha at lunch, and everyone else at the table nodded in agreement.
“Sure” he replied, smiling at the other boy and starting to walk by his side, something he was used to do, at that point. They walked in silence for a while, the only sound being the one their shoes made when touching the ground, and Steve’s heart started beating a little faster every time their shoulders touched, because that meant Tony was leaning a bit closer to him.
Steve didn’t even bother to reply, he simply stood up, told everyone he was a bit tired, and walked off, leaving the school canteen without waiting for everyone else to even say goodbye to him. And he really was tired, and the only thing he could think about on his way to his locker was just how awful it was that all his friends knew about his crush. Everything was so easy when he was simply pining in silence and everyone minded their fucking business. And sure, he had to admit his friends were great, and he knew they were just trying to help him, but the situation was already painful for him without them reminding him that in less than two months school would end and Steve wouldn’t be able to see Tony everyday.
“I’m not jealous, I’ve got used to seeing him with everyone else but me” but it came out a little too harsh to actually be considered the truth, so Steve simply sighed and put a handful of fries in his mouth, trying not to look in Tony’s direction once again. Tony had been avoiding their table at lunch for more than a week, and Steve wasn’t the only one upset about it, since everyone else knew those were their last weeks of school together, hell, probably even their last weeks spent in the same town.
Being in a group of friends where everyone is really close to the others could be fun, Steve really couldn’t deny that, but it could also be really annoying, especially if everyone in the group happened to find out about your crush before you even had the chance to tell your crush about your feelings. And yes, Steve was sure he could have hidden his feelings a little better, maybe by trying not to sit right next to Tony every day at lunch, or maybe simply by acting with everyone else the same way he acted with Tony? But, let’s be real, Steve knew he had always had a soft spot for Tony Stark, and there was nothing he could have actually done to change that. And, to be honest, his little crush wasn’t even that big of a deal for him. Steve knew he had a thing for Tony, he had known since first year, probably, but was too insecure to actually act on it, and being just friends with Tony was more than he could have ever asked for. The problem came when Natasha told him she actually knew all about his feelings for their mutual friend, and Steve of course had tried to deny it, but Natasha had simply kept on smiling, and Steve had ended up admitting she was right, as usual. He made her promise she wouldn’t tell a thing, and she did, but just as he thought he was out of trouble, Bucky had joined the conversation, casually asking Natasha if they were talking about “Steve’s embarrassing crush on Tony”, and wasn’t that just perfect? His two best friends, who happened to also be really good friends with the guy he liked, knew his little secret, and when more than one person knows a secret… can you even really call it a secret still? Steve didn’t really know, but he was about to find out, because, later on, it turned out Clint also knew about his crush, and was actually really surprised that Tony, being the genius that he was supposed to be, hadn’t found out yet. “Awesome, now you’ll tell me Janet and Carol know too!” he had exclaimed, now starting to grow a little exasperated by the whole situation. “Yeah, who do you think told me?” came Clint’s reply, and Steve almost screamed, putting his hands in his hair and storming off, with the only goal in mind to avoid Tony and the rest of the group for all eternity. Was it possible that he had actually been so obvious and Tony so oblivious? Or maybe Tony had known all along but didn’t want to ruin their friendship by telling Steve he wasn’t interested? Yeah, that was more likely. Steve couldn’t help but sigh loudly, going back into class and trying not to think about the idea of Tony rejecting him and ending their friendship. The thing was, Steve would have accepted even that, he was so into Tony that he would have done whatever the boy was going to ask him, just to please him. Yes, even if that meant never talking to him again. ‘A small crush, uh?’ would have joked Natasha, hearing his line of thought, ‘Sounds more like you’re in love with the guy’ would have added Bucky, since the two of them loved to complete each other’s sentences. And really, wasn’t that the kind of relationship Steve had always wanted to have with Tony? He could picture it, he had spent almost four years picturing it in his head. Tony meeting him outside of school, smiling at him and asking him if he had dreamed of him, because that was Tony’s idea of a good morning joke. Walking to class, maybe holding hands, Tony telling him all about his latest project, even if Steve was 100% not understanding a word the other was saying. The best thing was the idea of them going places after school, just the two of them, no more excuses needed to spend time alone with him. And just maybe going to the movies, and kissing instead of actually watching the movie? No, Tony would kill him if he made him miss parts of the movie… but they could still kiss during the break? Or after the movie? Yeah, they totally could. And maybe Tony would let him buy him dinner afterwards, they could get Italian and share a pizza from that fancy place Tony’s always going on about. Tony would be his, for real, not just his-friend, or his-classmate, he would be his-Tony. He could point at him during games and everyone would know he’s pointing at his boyfriend Tony fucking Stark. How awesome would that be? To show everyone that they were finally together and that there was no point in flirting with Tony because he actually liked Steve and Steve only? No more boys and girls asking Tony out, no more lunch breaks spent listening to Tony’s funny stories about his dates, no more Tony going out with everyone but Steve. Oh, but what a wonderful dream that was. Steve knew he had no real chance with Tony, and, most of all, he knew he didn’t have it in him to actually tell Tony how he felt, but it was nice to imagine it.
Weeks passed, and the entire school was now buzzing with the anticipation of three whole months of freedom, three whole months to spend doing whatever the fuck they wanted with the people they loved the most, without having to think about the future, even if it was just for a bit. But Steve, who so ingenuously thought his high school years had been the best years of his life, and was now afraid of saying goodbye to them, yes Steve wasn’t so eager to leave school behind. His friends were already planning parties and trips for the summer to come, and, of course, he was more than happy to join them, but they had just been told by Tony that he wouldn’t make it to their annual camping trip, and that had felt like a punch, right in all of them’s faces, but, most of all, in Steve’s, since he had been the one starting that tradition almost four years before. He had tried to convince Tony, helped by everyone else, but Tony had argued that he had so little time left to spend in town, and he didn’t really want to waste a full week camping, since he actually loathed going camping. “He didn’t mean it” was the first thing Natasha had said, worried that Steve might take that a little to personally, “you know he’ll make up for it with a big surprise or something like that” had added Clint right after, but he looked as sad as Steve did, so it wasn’t really the best one to cheer everyone else up. But the truth was, and Steve didn’t even really understand why, the truth was he was okay with Tony not going, and he had known all along that he hated going camping, because they had met during a trip organised by the school on their first year, and Tony had complained for every minute of it, because there was nothing he actually enjoyed about going camping. And it was funny, because Steve loved camping more than anything, since he had grown up with his dad, who was almost as passionate about it as he was, so being assigned a tent with the only kid in his school who hated camping had been the most ironic moment of his entire life. Of course, as the days went by, Steve realised Tony wasn’t so bad, even if he was kind of a whiny kid, and the two of them became friends, so when later that year Steve suggested they went camping in the summer, everyone else had been excited, and Tony had simply laughed, to a joke that no one but them could really understand, and agreed to it.
