The ride back to 221 B passed in a blur. He stared out the window and thought of John. Pictured those lips forming those words, and those eyes lighting with passion. Could it really be true? Was he dreaming perhaps?
Lestrade was waiting for them with two other detectives in the living room of a nicely furnished flat. He sent the two others off when he saw Sherlock and John, saying they had it handled. As the two detectives left, Sherlock and John began examining the crime scene. Sherlock’s eyes were already roving over the place, but John was riveted by the sight of the woman with the detectives.
His attention was drawn back to Sherlock who apparently was still semi-coherent. He was trying to get up, likely to hurt himself at that rate. John hastened over to keep him down, even as he realized looking up again, that Irene Adler had just made a very thorough and perfect escape.
John stared at him for a moment, wondering what he’d missed. As far as he could tell, Holmes wasn’t usually the type to care what anyone else was doing. However, as he looked around for some kind of a cause for the odd behavior, Sherlock slipped away. By the time he’d looked back, Holmes had kicked off his shoes and climbed on top of one of the tables.
So instead he headed out to the sidewalk, doing his best to appear concerned as he glanced over the American’s comatose form. By his calculations it would only be a few more minutes, but there was nothing wrong with giving the appearance that he was worried and vigilant and had called an ambulance for the poor misguided burglar.
“Why?” he asked, still trying and failing to draw himself out of his thoughts on John. After all the time he’d spent following Molly’s advice he’d finally had his chance. And of course, it had to be in Irene Adler’s hands. Not because John wanted to. But because he felt he had to.
Mary shot me a look. “You are very dear to me, John. I’ve been so happy with you. But—” She sighed. “I want you to be happy. You know that.”
If John had said that in any other context Sherlock might have broken into a grin and kissed him on the spot. But here, it was simply the wrong place and the wrong time.
“Uh, yeah, you’re right,” he said, only to realize how idiotic it sounded tacked on to what Irene had just said. His face felt too hot. “Er… uh, flight double oh seven that is.”
It was amazing the various high ranking people who attended the ballet. Something useful to remember for the future then. They’d been enjoying for some time, but Sherlock was aware that the deadline for the start was coming.
“Somewhere,” Sherlock said. He folded his hands and stared down at them, not wanting to speak the specifics of where he’d found such advice.
John moved forward, pressing past people. He noted Moriarty to one side leering. Molly’s eyes were wide, but she wasn’t moving to stop it.
He stared at Irene’s text, trying to figure out what she’d done to suddenly change her text alert sound. He hadn’t let his phone out of his sight once.
“Only the ridiculous and idiotic expectations which dictate our education system,” Sherlock muttered.
Her thoughts were lost to Kate most of the time. Every hour spent thinking what would have happened if she’d simply told the truth. Perhaps they would still be together.
He leaned in closer, staring. I wanted to shift away from his gaze, but there was nowhere to go. I was stuck in my chair while he studied me.
“There, mystery solved. My only suggestion to you is taking rubber gloves with you on future walks. You’ll get your necklace back, eventually. And in the future I would leave your valuables in a more safe location. Good day.”
“It would help if you were a tiny bit more specific,” John muttered, doing his best to not simply lose his temper. Here they were helping her, and she wasn’t even being straightforward with them.
“My boss loaned me a diamond necklace for a gala last night.” Shannon sighed and went over to sit on the sofa beside a large golden retriever. She petted him and sunk back into the cushions. “I set it on my table last evening along with some cash. I’m afraid I arrived home late, so I didn’t have any chance to put it away properly. When I got up this morning, both the necklace and the cash were gone.”
No answer, as always, but still, she liked watching his face when he read her words. No real interest there of course, but by tomorrow he’d change his mind.
“Oh, you know how the holidays get to me,” Sherlock said. “All the cheer and festivities…bah humbug.”
In many ways, he’d been one of the most insufferable prats I’d ever met. He was a right git with his inconsiderate ways and his big ego and his bloody mood swings. But I never had met someone who had made me feel so alive, so eager to face life, so…purposeful. He made me chuckle, or more often roll my eyes. I thought of those fantastic cases, and just the little daily moments I’d come to miss as well. Having someone there to talk to (or talk at depending), or bring a cup of tea to (never reciprocated mind you), or just have the comfortable presence of a second person there in the room. And I had to admit I’d grown accustomed to him in his own peculiar kind of way.
However, both of those failed to take into account the fact that only John had been interesting to him. He hadn’t been able to stimulate himself without that image of the doctor joining him in bed.
But Sherlock Holmes was intriguing for more reasons than mere reputation, or even interesting appearance. As she decided to run a search for more pictures, she found something that fascinated her even more. What truly struck Irene was his smile as he looked towards his little tagalong partner in one of their photos.
Sherlock shrugged and moved his hands up to push the shirt off his shoulders, sending the garment down to rest at his arms, before finally working it off. He did a slow circle over his head with the shirt before throwing it at a nearby girl.
Sherlock was in a foul mood by the time they arrived at the party. He set off into the house, aware that John was tailing him. He shot a single smug look at Anderson, admiring how upset he was over the party happening against his will, before Sherlock was up the stairs and looking for Molly.
John gave something of a grin, even if his eyes appeared a bit glazed even in the moonlight. “My Sherlock.”
"Please," Sherlock managed to mutter as he pulled John closer, "tell me this won't result in some awful drawn out blog post?"
“I wrote an essay on hatred in close proximity based entirely on his friends,” Sherlock muttered. “Though…on reflection it probably wasn’t a very good choice of gift…” He sighed and turned to peer at the camera. “What was my excuse again?”
There was a chuckle that had goosebumps breaking out on her arms. “I thought we had a deal? I leave you the virgin and you gave me those codes.”
“D’you know what he calls you?” Irene asked, a sneer in her tone. “The ice man.” She paused and he could feel her eyes on his back. “And the virgin.”
“Piss off is the term I’ve heard most often,” she said with a fake smile. “You might want to work on that.”
After all, he enjoyed breaking pretty things. He always had. And if it was a pretty thing that might hurt Sherlock, all the better.
After Shannon John had actually gone on a few dates with Andrew, who he’d met through a dating site. He was a decent fellow, but he wasn’t what John was looking for. They’d mutually agreed to not see each other again after a third date.
Chapter became a bit long, but I didn't really know how to break it up any better. And I hope it makes up for the long wait. Hope you enjoy it regardless!
The package was becoming crinkled in her hands, so she set it aside. Perhaps she should open it. Perhaps she shouldn’t. There was no right answer. In the meantime, all there was left to do was to treasure the last moments she would spend alive.
“I’ll do whatever it takes to keep Sherlock alive,” John said, looking up at his friend. Sherlock was staring at him, though his expression was indiscernible.
Half of it didn’t even make sense. Things about the woman. Things about cases and murder and catching killers. Things about violins and music. Lestrade caught a particularly funny segment of Sherlock talking about the air outside Irene Adler’s house, going on about air and absolute nonsense for a good fifteen minutes. But in the cab on the way home, that was when it became even more odd.
His eyes traced the London streets, trying to focus on the details speeding by instead of the thoughts racing through his mind. He kept replaying the kiss, John’s soft lips on his, the man’s body practically pressed up against him. So beautiful and strong and fragile all at once. John…
The other boy was attractive, enough so just in the general terms of aesthetics without looking so dashing in his suit. But to add to that with a casual smile on his face as he watched the performance, clearly at ease as he gazed on the dancers, that was simply too much. Sherlock tried to restrain a shudder and failed.
“I suppose I must,” she said. She picked up the coat she’d brought with her, sliding it over her shoulders. Without another glance at Mycroft she walked to the door. A few more weeks. A few more months. Who knew how long it would be. She’d flee of course. It was instinct. Simple as that. Anything to keep herself going. But in the end she’d embrace death. After all, all lives end.
“Sure,” Donovan said. “We’ll do some research and find out more about what he likes. Has to be something that appeals to that freakish mind of his.”
“To define is to limit,” Irene said, licking her lips. “And really darling, what’s the point? If I had to pick something for your sake I’d say pansexual homoromantic.”
I paused the video for a moment, not daring to watch onwards. Perhaps drinking hadn’t been the best idea. After giving myself some time to gather myself again, I continued. All that was left was the cheeky end. His smile and wink that had brought smiles to me at my birthday and brought them back again, though this time with a few tears too.
Sherlock let out a harsh cry as he angled his hips a little better. John wasn't able to contain his grin at the thought of making Sherlock come undone. With another harsh thrust he watched Sherlock's entire body fall into the throes of ecstasy. He reached a hand down to stroke him in time with his movements.
The boy frowned, needle glinting as he turned it in his hand. “I’m happy to be of service. Life’s short. Wouldn’t mind a little more action.”
By the time he was done, he was smiling even more as he walked away from the table, wondering if tomorrow the naked corpse would be painted over or if they’d simply have to remove the table all together.
“Good,” Lestrade said with a smile. “I’m sure you’ll find something. There has to be some bloke crazy enough in this school to date Sherlock.”
Back at Baker street he found John lounging in his chair with his laptop and a drink in his hand. Sherlock stepped forward and offered his best smile when John looked up.
The boy a table behind her had pulled out a switchblade and was cutting through the soft flesh of the frog’s belly. He then moved to switch on one of the gas lines and lit it before running the fire along the sides of his blade. Lestrade felt his jaw drop.
“I’m sorry, John,” Sherlock said. He stared at John, those calculating eyes boring into him, stormy and mysterious and altogether beautiful. A shiver ran down John’s spine, and he tried to reach for Sherlock again. Another kiss. That was all he wanted. Make Sherlock know it was all right. He was aware of his body continuing to respond, erection showing him to be willing and eager and he just needed Sherlock’s mouth back on his…
“It doesn’t matter anyways,” she said. “I just want Greg happy. If Molly Hooper does that then so be it.”
Molly sighed. “My weak point unfortunately. Could that wait? I wouldn’t mind covering the verb conjugations again if it wouldn’t be any trouble. Unless you don’t have time or…”
"Oh he and that…woman went out ages ago," Mrs. Hudson said. "Some friends of his brother turned up here and asked him to go with them. She left a little after all dolled up and everything. Not sure what it was about."
“For blackmail?” John asked, eyeing her. She was a slippery thing, but it was so obvious in those moments why Sherlock liked her. It wasn’t just the sex appeal. It couldn’t be. Sherlock didn’t go for that sort of thing. But this…her very manner. Her intelligence. Those fierce eyes staring at him almost hungrily.
Sherlock sat frozen, waiting, trying to anticipate the next words. Of all the deductions he needed the most, why couldn’t this be one he could make? Why did John’s feelings confuse him so?
But that hand had found the button of his trousers and was fumbling with it. Sherlock paused as John managed to undo it, reaching a hand in to attempt to pull at the waistband of his pants. God, John’s hand was so close…it was…
“Mmm…the kind where I tell you where I give access to my photographs if you give me access to…information…quell my curiosity about the two of you if you will.”
Shannon smiled. “Oh yes. A bit. But I like finding time to go out too. Spend some time clubbing or doing things with friends. I just need to pick up another boyfriend.”
Irene sighed and let her head fall back. She kept picturing Holmes and Watson, but in the process she couldn’t deny adding Kate to the fantasy too. She’d be back with her darling one day. When all this nonsense was over.
All her time playing the game and she’d lost. She wasn’t even sure if her plan with Sherlock and John had succeeded. She’d pushed them as much as she could and still the two stubborn idiots refused to budge.
“I’ll try, darling,” Irene promised, leaning over to peck at her lips. “But no guarantees. I think these two are going to be more stubborn than I’d initially thought. But eventually both of them are going to get what’s coming.”
"Oh you know, a new girl to date, or a man you pick up in a bar," Irene said, lashes fluttering in faux-innocent manner.
Lestrade was forced to stop talking when he felt the point of the drill suddenly on his textbook. He watched in surprise as the other boy kept drilling, staring into his eyes the entire time.
He couldn’t believe he’d allowed this to go so far. Clearly nothing good would come of being in love with Molly.
"Yes," Irene said. "Afraid of…of the things you made me feel. With having sex with others I could distance myself from you. Make it just about the sex… but…I always loved you. I knew I did. I just didn't want to face it…didn't want to think about what it meant."
An orgasmic noise from Sherlock’s phone. He had to be dreaming. He had to be hallucinating. He had to have hit his head or something—all that had happened continued to add up to some dream unfounded in reality. A sexy criminal walking into the room with no clothes, Sherlock kissing him, Sherlock making what seemed like advances on him, and now sex noises coming from his phone. Had he been watching too much pornography lately? Was this an effect of not having a girlfriend in the last few weeks? Was he this sex starved that his mind was supplying him with these situations?
There is no movement save for Sherlock's eyes. They flick back and forth, probably searching for the lie. John's entire body tenses as he awaits the response. Sherlock said he knew it was all right that night at Angelo's when they'd first met. But was it? It was one thing not to be straight, it was another entirely to be…in love with Sherlock.
“All we have to do is kiss to be allowed the photographs?” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “I’m afraid I don’t quite believe you.”
He swallowed, trying to figure out how he could have ever thought the kiss was anything real. His erection was flagging thankfully, which was good news considering he was going to go back into a room full of their friends and have to try to pretend nothing had happened.
Kate pushed away from the wall, moving her hands to the dressing gown and untying it. Irene felt her mouth dry up as the fabric fell away to reveal smooth creamy skin only covered up by tantalizing black lingerie.
He arrived upstairs to find Sherlock in the kitchen doing some sort of experiment. John sighed and hoped he wouldn’t have a messy cleanup the next morning. Most likely he would though, knowing the detective’s lack of concern for making the place clean.
He snatched up the phone. He had it now. In only a few moments he would restore all the wrong he’d done. Mycroft and Britain could be at peace again.
Sherlock didn’t answer, but was interrupted by Mrs. Hudson asking him to turn the thing down. John quite agreed, though he didn’t know how to say that without stating the obvious. And then Sherlock would simply have one more thing to mock him for. The detective himself didn’t appear the least bit bothered.
"I don't know how the hell you know about that, but you'd better just stop talking now before I do something I'll regret," John growled.
Well, in many ways it was a good sign that they’d become so independent. But still…she’d wanted them to finally have their first little fumble at a time where she could actually observe and potentially interfere.
“Moron,” he muttered, giving the disgusting man one last glance before going to examine Mrs. Hudson.
He'd mentioned not remembering much. Asking if Sherlock was all right and if he needed anything. Sherlock had stared at him for a few minutes, asked a couple of clarifying questions, and then gone silent. Without another word he left the flat for an entire day. When he came back John had a horrible suspicion he'd been using again, but there wasn't much John could do about that. And after that he'd simply disappeared into some kind of odd brooding phase that has lasted for far longer than John would have originally guessed it would.
He frowned and grabbed his bag. Well, so much for a warm welcome. He’d just have to hope he could find his way around.
Molly smiled at him and nodded. Well, perhaps there was hope for the Sherlock problem after all. Perhaps it might kill two birds with one stone. Open up the possibility to date Jim, and perhaps bring Sherlock some happiness again.
“Yes mistress,” Kate said, beginning a process she’d grown used to over the last year she’d spent with Irene. She began working to gather the essentials, knowing full well what Irene would expect brought and what could be left.
John had to stop thinking about it. The main thing was he’d put Sherlock to bed and it had all been fine after that. Or it would have been, if not for hearing several bits of moaning that had reminded him of—well let’s just say he hadn’t really wanted to think about it.
"I'm only…only enquiring before we go any further," Sherlock said, chest rising and falling rapidly. "We might want to…be prepared."
Irene sighed and pulled her coat tighter around herself before walking back out of the room. She couldn’t linger too long. She’d simply have to go into hiding. For now. Someday she hoped she could come back to Kate. It would just take some time.
“What can you do, Mr. Holmes?” Irene purred, leaning forward over his shoulder. Her mouth was right by his ear. Whatever she said next, John couldn’t hear. But her eyes flicked up to look at him as she did, still smirking and even adding a wink in.
The boy in the suit shrugged. “I’ve occasionally done a bloke. But only for sex. I can’t risk my reputation with something so public as dating I’m afraid. And certainly not with someone so…freakish.”
The man stiffened beneath him, before relaxing some as he realized John was working a path down. There was a stifled noise from Sherlock’s mouth as John finally reached his destination.
They continued on into the cafeteria. Lestrade noted it was bigger than his last school and was only glad when Sally didn’t immediately abandon him but instead continued to point out the various social circles.
Sherlock sighed and didn’t answer. Mrs. Hudson always was assuming they were a couple. He supposed he didn’t really have the heart to tell her otherwise. And besides, all of John’s protesting had been done in vain. No matter how many times he said he wasn’t gay, Mrs. Hudson kept persisting. Well, not that Sherlock wasn’t persay, but that just brought back all those confusing questions about what he really was and—no he was not dealing with this now.
“No, I mean it,” she spat at him as she slid her shoes on. “It’s heart-warming. You’ll do anything for him – and he can’t even tell your girlfriends apart.”
Shaking his head, John pulled himself from his thoughts in time to add a sarcastic comment to the mix.
She stared at him for a long moment while John tried to decide what to say. He couldn't think of any words. He'd said the most important ones. If Irene cared she didn't give any sign of that. She simply wanted to rub her hold on Sherlock in his face.
“Well that’s a charming new development,” Irene Adler said, narrowing her eyes at the younger girls.
John felt sick. Between Sherlock’s horrible attitude and him kissing Molly, another text from Irene bloody Adler was the last thing he could take. He’d had it.
The detective headed off towards the other side of the room, back to the door to examine it for clues. John was getting a sense that Sherlock might prefer some alone time. Lestrade was already following him over. So he decided to stick with Shannon.
She had long dark hair, an attractive face in spite of the fact she didn’t have any makeup on. She was wearing a silky red dressing gown that nicely complimented her pale skin. She was tall and thing, and he had to admit he was immediately attracted.
Sherlock, for once, decided to make up for John’s surly mood. He jumped in before John could do something he’d regret.
John looked across the room at Sherlock again, still playing carols. But he’d turned somewhat, not facing John anymore. Still, it gave a better view of those shoulders, arms working the bow gracefully across the strings. The whistle of the teakettle pulled him away from his thoughts.
“Fine,” he said. “But if I don’t get results soon, you’re going to wish you’d never asked for more,” Moriarty said. “So you’d better hope you’re as smooth as you think you are.”
Sherlock shook his head. "I couldn't. Not after everything. No. I believe she deserves the same consideration she gave me."
John sighed and bared his neck again. Sherlock leaned in, lips brushing soft skin on John’s collarbone. His tongue peeked between his teeth, tempting him to taste the offered flesh, but he knew that would be going too far. Instead, he leaned in and placed his lips on the spot offered. He pressed the phone into John’s hands, realizing John might have a better angle for the whole thing. A soft noise escaped the doctor’s mouth, but thankfully there was a snap from his phone, and he knew the picture was over.
Molly was excited when she found Moriarty waiting by her locker. She had to admit, of all the boys to pay attention to her, Jim was not the one she would have expected.
“Indeed,” Irene said, eyeing the detective playing his violin. “The longer the set up, the bigger the fall…or perhaps we’ll settle for the longer the tumble in bed.”
Watson snorted. “Of course. Firebird as well. Gorgeous compositions. Even better performed of course.”
“I don’t know how much more of this I can take,” Kate complained as she lounged back on the bed again.
“We leave Sherlock to stew a bit,” she said. “Play on both of them in getting a bit jealous. Continue to confuse John. I have good confidence in the plan. In the meantime, I need you to keep an eye on those American gents. Don’t want them barging in on us again.”
Sherlock headed down the stairs slowly. He glanced towards 221 A, but he decided it was better to leave John to tend Mrs. Hudson in peace. Besides, his heart was still racing and he wasn’t sure he could approach his flatmate right now without giving in to his desire to show his affection…
Sherlock shrugged. He didn’t really know what to say. What, sorry John I’m having a crisis where I find myself attracted to you and I wanted to watch some porn to see if that would help? Or John would you please just come have sex with me so I might stop feeling confused? No, he had enough social awareness to know one didn’t spring that on someone. Especially a friend who had no inclinations towards the same sex.
“Obvious. You aren’t the only one who likes a bit of meat. Your dog was out here while you were asleep in your bedroom. You left bacon grease on the table and likely on the necklace and bills since you didn’t wash your hands. The smudges appear to be saliva. I don’t see you being willing to lick your own table, so it’s likely the dog smelled the grease and licked it up…”
He rolled his eyes and went back to searching. Why did she need to be so dreadfully boring? Especially when he had something like John’s private life that was far more interesting to him.
His mouth fell open. If touching himself was pleasant, John’s hand on him was infinitesimally better. A bit clumsy due to how drunk he was, but still quite firm and insistent as he moved to fondle Sherlock. John’s lips claimed his again in a more heated kiss. Even though he wanted to protest, something in him gave under the pressure. Was this why so many people joked that men didn’t think with their brains but with their—
“An animal rights gala, wasn’t it?” Sherlock called from the door. “Only one going on last night in the city. Or at least only significant enough one to have you want to have nice jewelry for the event. Funny considering when you came home you made yourself a snack of meat…”
Moriarty was silent for a moment. She bit her tongue to keep herself from making any noise, simply waiting. She looked back at Kate again. It was a risky move, and it was one she did regret in some ways. The Baker Street boys were supposed to be her pet project, and now Moriarty might decide to mess with it, but she supposed there were sacrifices she had to make. Her priorities needed to be picked.
"Also wanted to wish us well," John mentioned, coming over to slide a hand onto Sherlock's shoulder before kissing him, "Seems he's figured out we're together now."
There was a loud buzzing noise. Sherlock looked perplexed and then sighed and turned back to pick up his violin again.
“Do you ever reply?” John tried, desperate to get some kind of answer. Why had Sherlock stopped sharing things with him? Why had this started happening? When had Sherlock decided to start being so bloody secretive?
"I had to avoid some killers out to get me," Irene said. "I couldn't work with them tailing me. With them gone I can focus on it. I'll get you your information."
Kate just smiled and leaned in to press a soft kiss to her lips. She pulled away to bat her eyelashes and beam at Irene.
Her finger found my lips, shushing me before I could say another word. “You know I believe that,” her eyes searched mine. “However, that doesn’t change the fact that up until today you believed Sherlock was dead. And that you were willing to marry me because he wasn’t here.”
Donovan stared at him for a long moment. “Lestrade, sometimes girls pick someone else. It happens. She doesn’t…owe you anything. You do realize that, right? That…that she has the right to say no?”
Sherlock stood silent for a moment, apparently processing, but he eventually nodded. He did have some idea then. But for whatever reason he wasn’t going to say. For once he seemed to be keeping his head around the woman.
"No," Irene said. "I…I know I could at least find the means of bringing sex clients back into my life. But I don't think I want that anymore. Or even if I do, I'd rather learn not to want it…learn to only want you."
“Oh yes, the one who wanted to be put in that atrocious outfit and hogtied and flogged?” Kate asked, smiling at the memory of Irene’s videos.
“What are the two house rules?” he said, fixing Molly with a harsh stare. “No crimes will be committed while under my roof. And neither of you will date until you are finished with your schooling.”
But of course, his detective skills were a bit lacking. And besides, every question he tried to ask Sherlock simply ignored. At least that was normal.
“Oh, Mrs Hudson, my god. Are you all right?” John asked as he rushed over to see to her. Sherlock glanced at John out of the corner of his eye, admiring the way the man fussed over their landlady. Something about John’s concern made him all the more appealing. That was John…so
Sherlock frowned. “That word again. Love from the old English lufian meaning to cherish, to delight in, to approve of. Possibly from liubi meaning joy, or lof in old Friesian meaning praise, or perhaps even the Gothic liefs meaning dear or beloved.”
“I’m not providing you with any drugs, Billy,” Sally said firmly. “As though I could afford that on my record.”
John chuckled but did take her offer and came to sit on the magnificently soft sofa beside their client. Shannon moved in a bit closer to him even as she continued to pet her dog.
Another boy bumped into him going through the doorway. Short and stocky build, and camo print clothing. Even though he was smaller, he hit Lestrade with a fierce stare. The new boy backed away as quick as he could, only catching a bit of a conversation about inappropriate behavior from the secretary.
John’s scowl deepened. “Well, I’m going to go to bed. And I’m taking this,” he indicated the laptop, “with me.”
“Out,” John said, grabbing his coat and throwing it on. “And I expect you not to text me unless there’s a case, understood?”
“The aphrodisiac wore off,” Kate pointed out, pouting at the screen as she watched Sherlock and John sitting at the table having breakfast. No signs of potential sex or anything of the like.
all he could conjure up were images of John kissing him. John’s soft reassurances in his ear. John’s lips and tongue and teeth…
Sherlock muttered something that sounded disdainful before going over to open up John’s laptop. John did his best to ignore it as he hung up Molly’s coat.
“Well regardless it makes no sense,” Sherlock muttered. “He didn’t show the slightest interest in me until today.”
She hadn’t been exaggerating. Quite a lot of damage. He would get no amount of recognition from that. No, better to rely on DNA testing…or…
He laid down on the bed and unbuttoned his trousers. His body didn’t seem the least bit interested. Recalling the spark of heat the day before, it seemed obvious to him that the effects had to have been caused by a drug, not normal bodily reactions at all. Nonetheless, he should continue.
“So, no one could have come in or out. We’ve already determined after the deadbolt was set there was no way a criminal could have broken in without leaving signs either through windows or the door. As Lestrade has suggested, a man could have waited inside, but that’s highly unlikely. You know, it’s funny because most people are well aware that robbing a house with a dog is a big risk. Yours in fact sleeps on the sofa based on the amount of fur accumulated there. Right in front of the door. No one would have been able to get in and out easily.”
Sorry for the long break. Been crazy busy lately. Finished up a week of 12-14 hr shifts every day. And I'm starting a new job soon. But wanted to get this up!
He sighed and walked away without another word. Honestly, there was no talking to her when she was in such a mood.
Sherlock groaned and twisted, trying to make sense of what was happening. He hadn’t felt like this since he was a teenager, since hormones he couldn’t control had run rampant through his body. But now, as an adult, it had been years since he’d felt anything like this.
Sherlock did his best not to snort at Lestrade’s mistaken accuracy. He’d never realize how close he was to hitting the nail on the head.
on John, it didn’t take too much extra effort for him to find the strength to give the man several well placed blows. Enough to incapacitate him. Enough for him to wind up in a hospital and
“Calm down, you haven’t even gone on a proper date yet,” Donovan muttered. “Don’t get your hopes too high up, Lestrade. She could still turn you down.”
John licked his lips, unable to figure out how to behave while waiting for Irene to give him permission. Well, if anyone had told him a year ago that a dominatrix would have him whipped into submission waiting to suck Sherlock off he would have laughed in their face. But here he was…kneeling and ready.
They lay together for a moment, chests heaving, hearts pounding. It was John who finally pulled away, groaning as he eased himself over to the other side of the bed, pulling off the condom to toss it into the wastebasket at the bedside.
Time passed. The search seemed fruitless. Mrs. Hudson could be heard frantically rooting around in the bedroom. John shook his head as the call from Mycroft came in. Perfect. He downed another swallow of wine before answering.
He sort of doubted that was even possible at this point, but he didn’t bother telling Mrs. Hudson. He simply poured himself another drink and sat down with a book.
I remembered very little of the whole thing, just being knocked out on my way to Baker street and then waking up buried beneath a pile of wood, screaming for help, smoke suddenly coming in. Heat was rising, the crackling flames nearing. The end of John Watson had come.
“He supposedly faked paperwork and went to join the army,” Donovan hissed. “Even though he wasn’t eighteen. Was gone for a full year. Came back with a limp and a scar and everything.”
“Good girl,” Irene said, moving in to place a quick kiss to her lips. “As a reward I’ll leave you this so you don’t get too bored.”
Sherlock squirmed beneath his hands, but John couldn't say he faulted him. It was so easy to be impatient after all they'd been through. His breath caught in anticipation as he wrangled the pants down around Sherlock's knees. Sherlock looked up at him, licked his lips and then began reciprocating by pulling his own trousers and pants off.
Watson seemed to get the hint and walked off. Sherlock sighed and turned on the car, pausing as he heard loud pop music from behind. Sure enough, a car had pulled up behind him, and was parked there. Sherlock’s hands tightened on the steering wheel as he watched Moriarty climb out of the driver’s seat, music still playing.
“I don’t really think Sherlock would…well be interested in someone like him anyways…” Lestrade said.
But what he was truly unprepared for, was to return from grabbing something to clean Sherlock’s wounds, and find Irene Adler completely naked, waiting for them in her sitting room as though nudity was the new black.
“You heard me,” Moriarty said with a smirk. “Sherlock Holmes. Look at him. Nice body. Think you might enjoy getting acquainted with that.”
He turned back to see Moriarty holding out his phone, a video playing on it. John swallowed as he watched Harry’s figure on the screen. It only took a few seconds of viewing before he realized what it was. His fingers curled into fists.
“Hmm,” Ms. Perky said. “The point is, Sherlock…that many people seem to think your opinions are…well…they believe it might be better if you…”
Sherlock gritted his teeth as he looked over at John for the hundredth time. How could the man be so oblivious? It seemed quite obvious to him that Shannon was using John in some respect. He wasn’t quite sure how exactly, but he had a bad feeling about her. He knew that his deductions should spring from actual evidence, but with Shannon it didn’t matter. She was absolutely repulsive and he couldn’t believe more than a month had gone by since they’d first met her. Shouldn’t John be right on schedule to be finding a new girlfriend by now?
He couldn’t recall the exact exchange of words after that. It was a bit lost really, since he’d mostly been watching John’s mouth as it formed those delightful complimenting words.
They were interrupted by Mycroft returning to the room, telling Sherlock to leave Irene alone. The challenge in the detective’s eye bothered John. Sherlock never was good at leaving things alone…and the last thing John wanted was more time around Irene Adler. The woman was clearly up to no good, and he feared what further contact might do to the already confusing relationship.
“No,” Donovan said, folding her arms. “I meant that you’re obviously off your rocker if you think that you can find someone willing to date Sherlock Holmes.”
Donovan shook her head and sighed. “Well, I’m off. I have more than enough homework to finish. But…I’ll see you tomorrow, sound good?”
Sherlock groaned and sat up, reaching onto the ground and pulling his trousers up, rifling through the pockets.
He wandered back towards the bathroom, deciding to have a thorough wash before coming out to discuss possible future cases with John. Maybe they could find something new to occupy their attention. Though he wasn’t ready to let the woman slip just yet, John hadn’t seemed eager to pursue that.
John sighed. Lestrade wasn’t going to leave off with the interrogation. It was quite obvious to him now that eventually the truth would have to come out. Perhaps Sherlock would merely lie and say someone else’s name. But would Lestrade believe it? Then again, would he even believe the truth? It was hard to say. Still, the anticipation of seeing if Sherlock would hide the truth or not was killing him.
She climbed back into bed, curling up around Kate, and sighing as she felt her partner relax into her embrace. Irene whispered a few soft nothings into Kate’s ear before kissing her cheek.
A low masculine moan had emanated from his robe. John had spun around in the kitchen to stare at him, eyes wide, mouth dropping.
Sherlock sighed. "Don't mention my brother while we're like this," he ordered. "But if you're intent on following his instructions, I suppose I'll allow it for once. Make me forget her, John. Erase her from my mind and body. Make me yours."
The two chatted while he stood there feeling awkward, unsure what to really do. He couldn’t focus on their conversation, until something Irene said caught his attention
“Oh and don’t worry,” I stared deep into those gorgeous stormy eyes. “I’m going to be with you again…very soon.”
He opened his mouth to speak only to have another female moan come from his phone. He glanced to see a text.
Sherlock in the meantime remained still, gazing around the room and then back at Irene, only to become more puzzled. Finally his attention settled on John.
The bearded man spoke, his gruff voice ringing with a strong accent….Italian perhaps? “While I admit I may like Sherlock more than most, even I will say I’m not sure he’d make the ideal…date.”
He couldn’t resist. Sherlock gave into the building pressure, allowed the desire within to build and at last crescendo. As the final moments came, he just barely dared to call out the name most on his mind.
“Ah Jeanette! Process of elimination,” Sherlock said, beaming a very fake smile, eyes fixed on Jeanette with a level of irritation. John’s jaw clenched, but he did his best to not do anything rash. He settled on pulling Jeanette away.
“Doesn’t it? You’re frustrated. You’re annoyed Shannon isn’t behaving as you want in the bedroom. And therefore you’re taking it out on me. Why don’t you go let off some of that steam with a few of those lovely pornographic videos on your computer?” Sherlock said, looking up to stare at John pointedly.
“I think in many ways I wanted you to miss me…because…I knew it meant I wasn’t the only one…because it meant I truly had succeeded, John. I’d found someone who could care for me in spite of all my obnoxious qualities. I’d found someone who could put up with me as a roommate…who’d even go so far as to call me a friend. And…I didn’t even realize it could go any further than that. I never imagined I’d find someone…” He broke off and I saw tears swimming in his eyes. “I didn’t realize I could find someone who could
“The only one that fit the description. Had her brought here – your home from home,” Mycroft said as they stepped in.
Before I could, however, his hand was coming up to rest lightly on my cheek, long elegant fingers brushing against my chin. His eyes focused on mine, and I felt my stomach do a roll.
Sherlock fell silent, turning his gaze back to the stage. He was supposed to be enjoying this. It was difficult of course. He found his eyes turning to Watson instead, eyeing his face for signs of interest. Searching for the deductions that he knew had to lie there. Something seemed off. However, everything in Watson’s behavior and posture seemed right. He was leaning forward in his seat, eyes on the stage, a smile playing on his lips as he examined the dancers.
Mrs. Hudson gave a little sigh and a quick scolding before heading to the stairs. John waited until he heard her door close before speaking.
And then he was stalking to the door, opening it and heading back into the living room as another orgasmic sigh broke out.
John snorted as he noted Anderson himself at the door, trying to dissuade people from not coming in. He watched as Sherlock shut off the car and climbed out, not bothering to look and see if John was following. Sure enough, Sherlock stalked right past Anderson muttering something about him needing to shut up and how his babble was lowering the IQ of the whole street. God, he could get used to following Holmes around, that was for sure.
Lestrade brightened. “But you have seen him with boys before?” he asked. “You know he’s gay, and he’s dated before?”
A breathy female sigh, rang out through the little flat. John glanced for his laptop wondering suddenly if he’d left a video playing accidentally or if a pop up had come up or something. That would be his luck. Instead, Sherlock got up and stalked over to retrieve his phone.
Sherlock hadn’t been rude to the bit—er…John’s girlfriend. No, he hadn’t been friendly but really did John expect him to start small talk with her and smile and act all hospitable all of the sudden? He’d always thought John was unique in understanding how he didn’t get on with others. But for once John seemed to be taking their side instead of his. Apparently some girl he’d met a month ago was now more important than his flat mate.
John groaned. It was all suddenly very apparent. Mycroft. Probably trying to check up on Sherlock without letting his brother onto the fact that he was concerned. John had never hated the Holmes brothers and their screwed up relationship more than in that moment.
On my absence- I started a new job and also had some episodes of anxiety and depression that made it almost impossible to write. I'm back now. Also, I'm going to try to finish Yes You Are before I do any more work on anything else.
“I’m afraid you mistake love and lust, Mr. Holmes,” Irene said, her smirk returning. “You are attractive, I’ll admit that much. But I have never once entertained thoughts of being romantic with you. Your heart belongs to another.”
“Hello,” she said with a small smile. “If you don’t mind making this quick…er some friends of mine—”
“A bit more, Dr. Watson,” Irene said. “Almost there. Do what you think would feel good. Make our dearest Mr. Holmes come for you.”
Sorry for the long wait. I'm doing a lot to try to keep my writing up, so hopefully updates will be more frequent from here on out...no promises though.
John’s shame was reasonable, and Sherlock was at least willing to comply in keeping all of this quiet. For the sake of his troubled heart still trying to determine what had happened just now, why he was walking away from the man he clearly cared for, both physically and emotionally. The man who had just been through girlfriends and would likely have another by the end of the week. He sighed, readied himself to wrap a scarf over the mark, only hoping later to examine it in the mirror, have a little reminder of the one instance he’d held John’s attention…probably the only one he’d ever have.
John wasn’t sure what to make of Sherlock coming so easily. He’d expected the boy to put up more of a fight.
“Ah, no need to worry. I understand the shock likely put you into a confusing emotional state,” he said. “Though Mary might want some kind of an explanation, I don’t believe I require one.”
“Holmes is gay, we’ve established that. For a while it seemed like Adler had her sights on him, but she’s backed off on all that. She turned up naked in a class one day.”
Sherlock was thankfully distracted by Molly making a comment about how bad Mrs. Hudson’s hip was. John took it as an opportunity to go sit by Jeanette, eager to get away from the tension of having to explain exactly what people liked the hat.
Anyhow, John was excited to spend the night with her. Nothing like being able to get some sexual frustration out. And with an attractive woman not his flatmate—
She turned to look at him, admiring the half-panicked expression, the way his hair was sticking out that let her know he’d been running his hands through it one too many times. Boys. Honestly.
Moriarty turned to look, half expecting Sherlock. After all, he’d spread the rumor himself of Sherlock’s famed virtue. Even if Moriarty already knew quite well how untrue it was.
Sherlock stared at her for a moment, while John held his breath only able to hope that Sherlock would somehow decide not to. But of course, one glance in Sherlock’s general direction was enough for him to deduce what the decision would be.
"And is she…" Mrs. Hudson paused. "Well I'd always thought Sherlock must be…with never having any women over. There's that Molly Hooper you know, but other than her I've never seen any. But is she…?"
"Yes," John said with a smile, leaning over to peck his cheek. "It is. God, you're amazing, Sherlock. I'm…I'm the luckiest man in the world."
There were footsteps on the stairs and then John was back up. He glanced at Sherlock and sighed before running a hand through his hair. His eyes closed, and Sherlock tried to put himself back into his music rather than paying attention to the aesthetics of John in the low lamplight.
“You’re sure?” Lestrade asked, feeling his heart sinking. Maybe he’d been wrong to think this was possible.
Lestrade was about to reply, but a bell rang before he could. He glanced once more at Irene Adler, catching her gaze as he began walking towards the doorway leading to his next class. She smirked as she caught him looking, winking once before she turned back to Sherlock. He swallowed and turned his attention back to heading to biology.
“Did you, darling?” Irene said with a smirk, reaching up to rub one of her eyes. “And how did it go.”
He put a cushion beneath John’s head and went to scout out a blanket and a wet cloth. By the time he came back John was gently snoring away. Sherlock did his best to clean up what he could, but John was still probably going to have a few nasty surprises when he woke up. He pulled the blanket up over his friend and leaned down to kiss his temple.
John did his best to feign surprise, especially while Mycroft explained about the terrorist cell and the beheading.
His glare shut her up, but even as she kept silent, he felt her eyes on him. Sherlock did his best to focus on looking out the window, but even he couldn’t deny that the events of the day were too interesting not to think about at least a little.
He shook his head and stormed past her, through with the arguing. He had nothing more to say to Miss Irene Bloody Adler with all her sensual seduction and continual teasing. How Sherlock could fall for a woman like her was beyond him.
Donovan let out a deep breath and closed her eyes for a few seconds. After a moment she opened them again, appearing only a tad bit calmer.
He wondered for a moment if Mrs. Hudson might again try to mention their relationship as though they were actually dating. Her mistake seemed to be a continuing one after all.
The detective tried to pull himself out of his fantasies, but it was difficult. He grabbed the phone John was offering, and quickly snapped a picture of the reddened mark. It hadn’t really bruised yet, but he suspected it would within an hour.
He caught sight of a new boy across the yard, practically ogling him. The half-wit looked to be nothing of consequence, so Moriarty thought little of paying him any attention. He fixed his sights on Molly and let the rest fade away. Strategies were already in the making, and he was sure soon he’d have the perfect trap.
“That new boy…Greg or whatever his name is,” Mary said, “he’s apparently very good at French. He’s been telling everyone that his father is French. Gives him his French last name or whatever.”
By the time he found him, it was clear that Sherlock was already quite tipsy. The boy grabbed for another shots glass, downing it in a swallow before looking back at John, cheeks flushed.
Irene smiled at that before relaxing into Kate's attentions. She was right, though. Her naughtiness in that respect had paid off quite well in the end. She thought of the remaining cameras in 221 B and smiled. Well, perhaps she'd keep an eye on the two of them then. With the ambiguous future ahead, she'd do what she could to keep those two men as happy as she was.
Another beep had them both jumping. Sherlock pulled his phone out yet again, noting this time it wasn’t from Irene. Thank heavens, he was growing tired of her games.
She sighed and shut off the feed. Watching the two for a bit was fun, but she needed to move to a more secure location. Besides, it would be more interesting in an hour when Sherlock returned home…considering Watson would likely be thoroughly pissed by that time based on his drinking rate.
His only comfort was in knowing the teacher was at least someone he rather enjoyed. Mrs. Hudson beamed at them as they took their seats. Sherlock sighed and settled back, doing his best to avoid eye contact as his nemesis took a seat beside him.
All right, positive comments keep me going so thank you to all the lovely people who encouraged me with this! You make it possible for me to continue. Thank you so much!
He gazed at her for a moment, clearly discerning her meaning but deciding there was no reason to answer. She’d given him what he needed. Nothing extremely important, but he had an idea now of what to expect from Moriarty so that was something. But as a result he didn’t need to give her anymore than she already had.
The next morning I shaved the blasted thing off. Mary was all too delighted, though she wouldn’t stop pestering me if I would see Sherlock. Funny considering the sooner I did it, the sooner I might be leaving her. But that didn’t seem to bother her in the least. Still, I wasn’t sure if I was ready for another encounter so soon, so I headed to work and tried to make the time pass faster. I couldn’t concentrate though. Even mistook one of my patients for Sherlock in disguise. So, in light of that I decided late that afternoon to head over to Baker Street again. Best get these things over with. Of course, just my luck, I would get kidnapped in the midst of all that.
The words stung for some reason. Part of it, John decided, was not understanding why the detective didn’t trust him enough to tell him the truth. The likelihood was that Irene Adler had done so at some point, that she’d returned the phone, but if that was the case why not tell John? His secretive behavior was becoming annoying, proving this
“Ok I’m ready now.” His head tilted and he put on this charming smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Hello John, I’m sorry I’m not there at the moment. I’m very busy. However, many happy returns.”
Mary caught on fast. She was always the smart one, but looking at him and then me, she realized who this had to be.
“All future politicians,” Sally said with a frown. “I used to be a part of them. Was practically their leader. Then fucking Anderson decided to start a rumor about me. Nasty thing too. As though life wasn’t hard enough for a woman like me.”
“I’m not stupid you know,” John said, turning back to his food and wondering if Sherlock really did think he was. Most likely. That was the whole appeal of bloody Irene Adler and her brilliant mind. Sherlock would slobber all over himself for her then. Intelligence…he’d always been smart in school, but nothing like Sherlock of course. Compared to the detective he was average. And Sherlock clearly wasn’t interested in average.
“Oh, enjoying the thrill of the chase is fine, craving the distraction of the game – I sympathize entirely – but sentiment? Sentiment is a chemical defect found in the losing side.”
John stared at him for a long moment, trying to process the information. He did his best to not allow his mind to picture Sherlock Holmes wearing nothing but a thong, lying on his back with… god that was wrong.
“If you’re planning on asking me out again you might as well get the humiliation over with,” Sherlock said with a sigh, reaching for a paper towel.
“Take a day off,” John muttered. Lestrade likewise put in his comment, trying to get Sherlock to leave Molly be. Did he have to ruin everything?
Regardless, even if he hadn’t wanted to celebrate, the actual day was still an awful reminder. Part of me was tempted to remain in the flat and wallow in my grief. But I decided drowning my sorrow in drink might be a slightly more effective option. So, heading down to a local pub, I set about trying to get pissed.
“I’m afraid that will not do,” Mycroft said. “But as to your demands, I’m still not sure you’ve earned them. After all, we could still find some ways to recover the information.” He paused for a moment. “We have people who can get into this.”
“Shut up,” John snapped, turning away and going back to the door. “Honestly Sherlock, I don’t know what you want from me.”
“I think…we’ll try a different approach,” Lestrade said after a moment, his voice coming out more choked than he had been expecting. “You…er…we won’t be needing your help.”
John stared at him momentarily before coming up with a reply. “First off, I don’t sleep with that many women. Secondly, I would never go around sleeping with someone like Irene Adler.”
“Of course,” John said, trying his best to be understanding since Sherlock had been so rude. “So, you got home. Locked the door. First thing you did?”
John did his best not to scowl at Holmes’s retreating form. Part of him thought about just going to Moriarty and handing back the money. Tempting certainly, but he wasn’t done yet.
The drive seemed endless. He had to sit next to the pretty woman the entire way and think about how much he'd love to have sex with her as a substitute for Sherlock.
Irene shrugged. "I'd find something. Besides…I've…begun to realize I don't know that I want to live that life anymore."
Irene froze. "That's not…" she cleared her throat. "I promised you the information I received. I will get it I just need more time."
Lestrade sighed. “Is there anything else we can do? We really need all the help we can get. Nothing else is working. We’ve got to…get behind enemy lines so to speak.”
“Be a dear and help me?” she asked, face screwed up in exertion. I chuckled and rose to my feet, swooping in for a kiss to her cheek before helping her unload. As we headed to the kitchen she paused to glance at the telly, noticing what I was looking at.
Mycroft huffed as he pulled up his newspaper again, muttering something under his breath as he went back to reading. Molly giggled and grabbed at Mary’s hand as they went to the door. This was going to be a night to remember.
Sherlock makes a soft humming noise, but he complies, moving in and brushing his lips to mine, gently at first, then with more passion.
Sherlock's eyes glittered again, and he pulled John close to plant a more tender kiss. "Then by all means, proceed."
John wanted to groan. Why did Sherlock need to be so utterly insufferable? As though it wasn’t enough that John was constantly fantasizing about him, he had to make things uncomfortable with his girlfriends too.
His attention was still diverted to Mrs. Hudson, especially the realization that the men had hurt her in the process of interrogation. She wasn’t only crying out of fear. God, he could hardly stand the thought of it. His blood was beginning to boil the longer he stood there.
Sherlock relaxed and withdrew, even though every fiber of his being was screaming at him to move back in, kiss along that beautiful neck, up to John’s jaw, move til their lips were connected and then just—
abandon," he said, letting his eyes roam over her figure. He couldn't remember where he'd seen her before. He must have though since she knew his name. And she seemed to want him, so why not?
Instead Sherlock replied, "Faulty or you've been hacked," and pulled out a phone to type something in.
“Well, perhaps not then,” Irene said with a shrug. “Shows that denial doesn’t always last then, does it?” she gave him a pointed look.
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes, listening as Irene stated her case. He knew the facts already, even if Mycroft was still in denial. Irene had been thorough. She’d made her game perfect. Every so often he gave Mycroft some help in why the plan was unbeatable. He could hear his brother growing more and more disgruntled by the minute.
Irene could hardly restrain herself. Oh that was even better than expected. She’d thought a little more prodding would be needed, but she had been right in thinking interest was already there. Her little aphrodisiac mixture had merely accelerated the process. All you really needed was the right catalyst in a chemical reaction and the rest would take care of itself. And what these two men had was as chemical as reactions went.
"God, you're ridiculous," he said. "I'll just go ahead and kiss you at the next crime scene, what do you say?"
“Come on,” Mary urged. “It won’t be so hard. He’ll be busy in his office and we can walk right out the front door.”
He’d been dumped by Cindi. Dumped Shannon. Tried internet dating in order to meet some blokes (see if that made a difference). Hooked up with a man in a bar. And he’d now been with Jeanette a little less than a month.
Molly bit her lip. While she didn’t relish the idea of deceiving Mycroft, at the moment it did seem the only way.
“You’ve done well enough for now, darling. Keep an eye on him and do call me if anything changes, am I understood?”
“One day,” she murmured, turning to look at the feed that she had continued to watch. Nothing of interest had happened, but still, seeing Sherlock and John in their daily lives was interesting. Like watching two animals in their natural habitats….
“Please,” she said after a moment. “I gave you what you needed. You can pretend all you like that it’s a weakness, but you want love as much as I do. And I gave that to you. Without me you would have never seen it.”
“Good,” Irene said, ripping open her dress without a second thought. Kate rolled over and Irene quickly moved to straddle her. She leaned down to begin a passionate kiss, just as there was a loud crack and thump as the door was broken inwards. She heard them pause, watching, momentarily shocked, momentarily interested. She knew the idiots wouldn’t have any women or gay men with them, no one who could resist the siren call of hers and Kate’s beautiful nude bodies wrapped together in passion.
“There you are, brother. I hope the contents make up for any inconvenience I may have caused you tonight,” he said.
But part of him so desperately wanted to not tell Sherlock. Let him mourn and move on and maybe he'd have a shot.
“I made a bargain, Mr. Holmes. And I do intend to follow through,” she said, throwing him a sultry smile. “So sit down. We’ll discuss the few things dear Jim told me.”
For once in his life, Sherlock actually wanted to sleep. Sleep would be an escape. A place he could forget and move on and try to pretend all of Christmas hadn’t happened. Perhaps in his dreams he could kiss John again.
“Oh no…you’re…” She stared at him in horror, glancing back at me with such obvious concern. “Oh my god.”
Just yesterday he'd smiled and said that he couldn't imagine life ever being more pleasant than this. High praise from Sherlock Holmes John supposed.
Greg smiled and sat down, fingers going down to play with the blanket almost immediately. He cleared his throat.
“Nope,” John said again, smiling slightly. “Not gonna fall for that one, you’ll have to try harder, love.”
“Pleasure doing business with you,” he muttered, before turning and heading in the direction of the dance group.
“What…” Sherlock gasped, only to make out those familiar facial features in the low light of the hall. “John? What’s wrong?”
However, instead of the younger Holmes brother, it was the adopted sister who walked by. Molly Holmes. He looked her over, taking in her lithe figure, long hair held back in a ponytail that was just begging to be pulled. And indeed, perhaps exuding an air of virginity. Beside her was Mary Morstan. He caught her eye and she glanced away, just the slightest bit of a blush rising on her cheeks.
She was furious when she checked the feed and found that she’d missed their little display. God, how could they act without her prompting?
He nodded, though all of it still seemed quite silly to him. But that was what one was supposed to do. And if in fact John had been lying for the reasons Molly had suggested, perhaps such silly things would convince him to change his mind.
Upstairs Sherlock went straight for his violin. Something to distract him. Anything. He didn’t understand John’s motives, and he likely wouldn’t any time soon with the man’s presence so close. No, he’d need to wait until he had some actual space to think before he worked on breaking apart those lies.
He glanced at the other girl beside Molly, raising a brow. Mary Morstan wasn’t homely by any means, but she wasn’t anything really interesting. Nothing compared to Molly at least.
He was about to say he was going to leave if she had nothing else to say, when suddenly a female sigh broke out behind them.
John had to agree with that, but he decided it was better not to say anything. If Sherlock heard them after all he'd probably pitch a fit. Or just decide to ignore them even worse than he already was.
Greg was ecstatic as Donovan straightened his collar and fixed his hair. John had just texted and said that he and Sherlock were on their way to the party, which meant Molly would also be on her way there.
Sherlock paused and glanced at the dating website. Why on earth would John need to be on a dating website? He already had a girlfriend. Perhaps he had simply been scanning the market for a more suitable choice. Or…maybe he was trying to help a friend…or…
“Patience, my darling, all good things to those who wait,” Irene reminded her. “I do remember you enjoying when I made you wait yesterday.”
Well, no point dragging it out. Sherlock followed Lestrade to his car, trying his best to stop thinking about John Watson for a few minutes.
“It’s my last year here,” Donovan said. “My hope is the next time I see James Moriarty I’ll be putting the handcuffs on him. Screw it, I want justice. If tricking him into helping us can give me some satisfaction…I’ll take it.”
Molly just shook her head before making for the doorway. “You spoil everything!” she snapped over her shoulder before she disappeared.
The next morning I did just that. Mary kissed me and wished me well, slipping something into my jacket pocket making me promise I’d only look at it if Sherlock consented. While her nonchalant attitude did strike me as odd, I appreciated it and I kissed her cheek with a promise that I’d love her no matter way…either as friend or wife it didn’t mattered.
A/N: Warning NSFW. Smut of the slash variety included in this chapter. It’s not overly graphic (or maybe that’s my own opinion after having read more than my share of smut), but I still want to warn any people who might be upset by this (though by now I’d imagine most of you are well prepared). Please please please just skip if you don’t want to read it. No flaming me. I’ve warned you.
He went over to pick up his violin, intent on finding something to distract him from the fact that some giggling bitch was sitting on his sofa room with her hand on John Watson’s knee acting like she owned the place.
“Seems so,” Donovan said. “Spoke up on her behalf. Trust me, most of the school thought they were shagging for a while. But from all I’ve seen it’s a friendship built on some sort of mutual respect.”
He did his best to keep a smile on his face as he walked forward, noting that Watson had a particularly sharp tool in his hand, and was glaring daggers in his direction.
"God John," Sherlock muttered, his body moving to match the thrusts in some capacity, hands scrabbling at John's back.
“I need a little break,” he admitted. “I’ve been puzzling over the phone for a good month now. And I need…time…to figure out its inner-workings. So instead, I’d love to enjoy dinner with you. Just…not think for a little bit.”
Once inside he and Donovan settled at a lab table and waited for instructions on frog dissection. Lestrade sighed and tried his best to focus, even as he began to think. Was there any possible means of getting Sherlock a date so he could take Molly out?
Though he wanted to sit and admire John’s virtues a little longer, he had to recognize it was necessary to have no witnesses if he wanted to extract a little revenge. His mind was still reeling but he’d come up with his decision.
All I really managed to determine was that he was as callous and thick as ever, pointing out that apparently Mary did not appreciate my facial hair, acting like it didn’t even matter he hadn’t bothered to tell me, still finding the whole situation funny even after being punched in the face on three separate occasions.
"I'll take good care of you," he went ahead and added, before adding another finger. He sought out Sherlock's pleasure, unable to contain his own sigh when he saw Sherlock's entire body arch into his touch.
Kate's eyes lit with fire. "Yes, mistress." She came to sit in Irene's lap, arranging herself over Irene's knees.
There was no goodbye. No formal ending to the call. Merely the dial tone. Merely emptiness on the other end and Irene well aware that her phone would tell her the call was finished…much like she and Kate were.
“What is it this time?” Irene asked, eyes sparkling. “I sense something of intrigue in the way you’re frowning. More trouble with dear old Jim?”
“It’s disgusting,” Sherlock muttered. “Using his charms to seduce them. Molly should be smarter than that. Mary too by my calculations.”
“Thank you,” Shannon said, though her glare his way indicated most of her annoyance. “I’ll just go put something clean on. Be right back.”
“Well, you have a girlfriend, it wouldn’t be unnatural for you to have a hematoma on your neck of the sexual variety.”
Sherlock raised a brow and didn't answer, simply tapping something onto his phone with a rapid pace before setting it to the side.
Sherlock stiffened but his eyes began to move faster. Whatever she’d said was apparently a nice little catalyst. Probably promises of sex later then. Who knew Sherlock Holmes could think with his—
John kept drinking and reading. Another few minutes passed and then there was a noise on the stairs. He turned to see Sherlock’s form in the doorway, eyes passing over the room suspiciously.
“Oh…fine. He…you were right he clearly is interested. I gave him some advice too. About being a good boyfriend.”
He had to consciously stop his mouth from falling open. Sherlock apologizing? Apparently he was actually dreaming. That had to be it. He was in some awful Christmas nightmare and would wake up any moment.
It only took a few more thrusts before Sherlock let out a loud cry and climaxed. John could hardly contain himself. With a groan, he canted his hips a little faster. In a matter of seconds he was coming, moaning Sherlock's name.
“Actually,” Molly said, reaching to brush a lock of hair out of her face. “Actually he’s gotten rid of the old rule. I can date when my brother Sherlock does.”
“He’s not good with names,” he said, trying his best to pull her away, but Sherlock had apparently decided that he didn’t want to drop the subject.
Stepping out she noticed movement out of the corner of her eye and turned to confront it, only to see Kate rising from a stool to the side with a fluffy towel.
Sherlock spared him only a cursory glance, taking in his messy blonde hair and glittering blue eyes, moving further down to his well fitted gray shirt, tight jeans, and combat boots paired with a camo jacket he had slung over his shoulder. After a few seconds he willed himself to look away. He wouldn’t allow aesthetic appreciation to sway him.
But of course, within a few minutes it became apparent he couldn’t stay there acting like a besotted fool over John. No, he needed to move.
Donovan put on a brave face, he’d admit that much. However, Lestrade looked less secure, trembling slightly as he came forward.
John tried not to overthink it, but still, the noise kept playing in his mind. A breathy—well sexual sounding sigh that seemed more fitting for pornography than for some noise coming from Sherlock’s phone.
Irene took the phone, still maintaining her smirk. John stared at her fixedly, watching as she typed something in, only for the phone to buzz. Her expression didn’t change a bit.
“Things just get weirder and weirder,” Lestrade muttered. “Say, you know what’s eating Sherlock? And that gift? You know anything.”
Sherlock apologizing? John’s eyebrows furrowed as he concentrated on his friend, trying to determine exactly what Sherlock was up to.
Sherlock turned to look at Irene again. Her entire posture had an element of defeat to it. She knew it was the end.
Sherlock’s body rocked slightly, and his hands went down to pull at the hem of his shirt, sliding it out of his trousers. As he continued to dance, he moved to play with the buttons at his cuffs, sliding them slowly out, leaving them open.
It took a moment for those words to really sink in. Sherlock wasn’t sure if he could speak. It took him a moment.
John startled, unable to help it. He gazed back at Sherlock who hadn’t so much as flinched. He stared at her unblinking, eyes never wavering from hers. Was this consent? Was he implying he wanted such things? Surely Sherlock, Mr. Tell-Everyone-My-Opinion would very clearly decline if he wanted to.
"I suppose," Sherlock said. "Information is secure. Further problems have been stopped. Mycroft has a smaller headache to deal with. And The Woman will likely be killed within a few months, the world at peace again."
So, it was going to be like this. Giving Moriarty everything he wanted or watching Kate die. There was no middle ground.
Irene had to agree, it was a bit. Still, nothing good would come of rushing things. She looked towards Kate’s reclined form and pondered another go, only to be interrupted by noise on the screen.
However, there were greater problems for her to worry about. The CIA was on to her, they’d found her and had proved themselves willing to take extreme measures to get to her phone.
In 221 A, he watched as John fussed a little more of Mrs. Hudson. He listened calmly to the suggestion that she come stay upstairs with them, though he chastised John for thinking of sending her away. It was best she was where Sherlock could keep an eye on her. In case the Americans decided to make any more stupid decisions.
Everything was perfect. I’d thought about it for months, bought the ring, reserved the table, made sure I had presentable clothes. Even grew my facial hair out a few months before in a thought of changing things up, making myself appear just a bit more masculine perhaps. I figured Mary would like that kind of thing. I put so much thought and care into it, I was convinced with all my effort there was no way I could cock up. It was going to be perfect.
“But what did you think of the last episode?” Molly asked, trying her best to contain her excitement.
John gasped and finally managed to get Sherlock down, cradling him in his arms and looking into those gorgeous eyes that were blinking up at him.
Moriarty just laughed and pulled back, folding his arms. “Oh I’ll stay away from her.” His eyes roved over Sherlock’s body. “I can’t say the same for her. Seems both the Holmes have a problem with staying away from me.”
“As always, a brilliant level of observation, John. How ever do you manage?” Sherlock said, lips twitching in a playful smile.
Ah! Sherlock recalled another element he’d previously forgotten. What had he been thinking about at the time? This was yet another problem with being sexually active, his disinterest in other people, especially in the sense of physical intimacy. He tended to usually focus on sensations if he was masturbating, but he thought he recalled thinking of something in particular last night. He’d started feeling aroused after—
The answer had to be there. He kept searching for it. Wandering halls in his mind palace. Trying to find it. It had to be here somewhere.
He thought about that, about John in that moment. His lies. Silly…yes perhaps. Not quite so silly as x-raying a camera phone…but then again Sherlock had gone through John’s emails and personal things on his computer. Why couldn’t John be the same, doing silly things? Playing games?
Sherlock started for a moment, but sure enough Watson washed his hands diligently before heading to the door. There was a moment of silence as it closed where Sherlock tried to gather his thoughts before he headed back towards the theatre to take his seat again.
After a moment he began to realize it was pointless to keep pretending. With a sigh he pulled away from the desk, moving over to where Sherlock was standing. Sherlock’s eyes flickered to his tented pants, as did Irene’s. She smirked. Sherlock’s adam’s apple bobbed again.
his best and only true friend suffer the agony of two years thinking him gone for good when his homeless network and Molly Hooper and Mycroft all knew. And above all, I wanted to know why I had fallen for him when all he’d ever done was continue to hurt me with his carelessness, the self-centered sod.
I sighed and slapped hand to my forehead. “Sherlock, would you shut up? It’s not about being gay or straight or this being right or wrong. This is about me realizing after that day you disappeared from my life that you were the only person I’d ever want. This is about me realizing I’m…I’m…” My voice choked with sudden emotion but I forced it out anyways. “Realizing I’m in love with you.”
God, he needed to hook up again. It had been far too long since he'd had a proper shag. What with Jeanette running off before they could it had probably been almost a month now. He almost groaned aloud at the thought.
Sherlock shrugged, deciding to study the grain of the wood on the coffee table rather than look at John any longer.
“That’s great!” the boy chimed in before she could say anything else. “Well maybe you’d prefer something other than dinner then…I know of a great place to go if you’re interested in—”
At first the consulting detective had simply been lethargic and dazed, nearly passing out once or twice. He’d seemed a bit out of it. Then, of course, he began to babble.
Mycroft’s lips pursed. “Why am I not surprised? I don’t care for any other explanations. Sit down on the couch.”
Sherlock was trying to figure out a logical reason why Watson would even come talk with him. His mind wandered to the possibility of sexual appeal as the boy had seemed to indicate. Perhaps that was it then. Perhaps Watson merely was in need of some sexual release and saw Sherlock as an ideal vessel.
body splashed out on the pavement, blood pooling beneath dark tendrils of hair, that tall lean form stiff as it lay at an awkward angle. And the memories of what had just happened kept flashing through my mind nonstop as I approached him.
“Mrs Hudson’s been attacked by an American. I’m restoring balance to the universe,” Sherlock snapped.
Greg stood there at a loss. Of all the things that could happen, this was not what he’d expected. Did Molly actually like Moriarty? That insufferable creep? How… how could good sweet lovely Molly possibly want to be with him?
“I’m going to guess she can change that too,” Sherlock said. “All things considered, I should probably get a new phone by the time this is done. Though I wouldn’t underestimate her enough to think she couldn’t get ahold of that too. She’s nothing if not persistent.”
Sherlock had trailed off for some reason. John frowned, but couldn’t make out why that was. Molly in the meantime looked near tears.
See, reasons to not like him, always assuming John would pay for their cabs. The doctor grumbled to himself as they reached Donovan who was waiting for them in the doorway.
Sherlock hesitated, wondering if he could offer to pay for John’s meal without appearing too conspicuous. But Angelo’s was an easy way to do so, he supposed.
Sherlock had been at his chair when John woke, watching him carefully. John had half expected some snarky remark or something rude about his drinking. But instead Sherlock was silent.
Just five more seconds of distraction, before she pressed a button on her phone and a small explosive went off, knocking more than one of them off their feet. She pulled the gun up quickly, steadied it and shot at each of them.
“Of course I wasn’t going to punch his nose or mouth,” John said, glancing back over at Sherlock. “But that doesn’t mean I
God it was heaven. He groaned and clutched at Sherlock's shoulders as he eased in, looking down into those startling eyes that were staring up at him in pleasure. He pushed his hips a little harder, watching every expression on Sherlock's face before moving to claim his mouth in yet another kiss.
I stepped up into the familiar place as Sherlock was seeing some people out. He raised an eyebrow as I stepped in, but didn’t seem to protest. I went and sat in my old familiar chair, doing my best to avoid making eye contact.
“Can’t you?” Irene said, raising an eyebrow. “Honestly darling, I remember someone being quite oblivious to romantic looks.”
His throat was closing up. A few tears pushed at his eyes, and John was helpless but to let them roll one by one down his cheeks. Sherlock's eyes widened, and he drew back some.
Shannon came back a few minutes later with two cups of coffee in her hands. She smiled at John and started walking towards the sofa. At the exact same instant, Sherlock spun around, likely to go check on something else, and he collided into her head on. Shannon gave a startled cry, especially as most of the coffee managed to splash across her dressing gown, though some hit Sherlock in the chest too.
John chuckled. “All right, fine. You’re being strange today, but if that’s what helps you, I can’t argue.”
“Of Holmes?” the attractive boy—Dimmock responded. “You must be joking, Sally. You and I both know what he’s capable of. I’m not interested in further drama. No thank you.”
“You want to date her. It’s very simple. Sherlock gets a date, you get to date Molly. Quite simple as that. Pay someone to take out Sherlock. She’s yours after that.”
The other detective folded his arms and sighed. Sherlock in the meantime was now looking through the rest of the place. Carefully examining the table where the jewel had been left, wandering back to the kitchen to look things over.
“Hmm yes back when you insisted you weren’t gay,” Irene said with an eye roll. Her eyes caught Kate’s in the mirror, boring into them with a level of heat that caused Kate to squirm.
“Oh, not at all,” Sherlock said. He had noticed of course. Seen the signs John had changed and had spotted the shirt in the kitchen sink with ink stains on it. “Is that a new jumper?”
He looked at her. Ran his eyes over her and her sparkly dress and her red lipstick. This woman who seemed to be every bit as fake as a plastic doll. Perhaps this too was a ruse. A game. But the proof had been there. Kate was her heart. Her passcode.
Once they were alone it was easy. He summoned up his anger, his disgust over the fact that Mrs. Hudson had been harmed by such brutes. And with everything he had he sprayed the man in the eyes and then slammed his forehead into the bastard.
Sherlock turned away from her, but she could see his face twisting uncomfortably. What could he possibly be avoiding?
He sighed, but she had a point. It would be awkward and messy and uncomfortable. The last thing he wanted was to have to tell Sherlock that ugly piece of news he desperately wanted not to be true.
She pointed to another group. “Jocks,” she said before turning to circle the room. “People you can buy drugs off of. Nerds. Those not going anywhere with their lives. Chemistry buffs. Musicians. Honestly, that probably covers it…. Well other than that group. I don’t talk about them.”
Of course the only thing that made sense for that was Mycroft. Damn him and his meddling. It was probably the reason John had stayed in then too. And he was probably drinking to make up for Jeanette not being with him.
He took Jeanette’s hand in his, trying to focus on the comfort of having her next to him. This was supposed to be a nice evening. Of course, Sherlock didn’t help but continuing to make incessant comments about each of them, telling Lestrade his wife was still sleeping with someone else.
John stood there, chest still heaving as he caught his breath. “What…what was that all about? The hightailing it out of the crime scene without a word. Lestrade is half convinced you’ve gone mad. Was about to send a search party out after you or something.” He looked Sherlock over once more. “Are you sure you’re all right?”
“Good,” Donovan said. “Now you go and enjoy shagging Molly Hooper while I take care of this for you, hmm?”
He pulled the trousers out of his way, revealing Sherlock for the first time, aroused and ready for him. His stomach jerked in anticipation as he leaned forward a bit.
John chuckled and leaned over to plant a few more kisses before snuggling up against Sherlock's chest.
“Are you following me?” Sherlock muttered pulling his bag of books a little closer. It didn’t take much for him to deduce that Watson clearly was doing just that.
“Jeane—mmm broke it off. And yer so goooood at kissin’. Liked it earlier. If’t weren’t for tha’ bitch…wasser name? Mmm…the woman.”
“Perhaps,” he said. His eyebrows quirked as he stepped closer, still staring at me intensely. In many ways it felt like I’d forgotten some of these minute details about him, but they were coming back in an instant. Every bit of him seemed so real and lifelike.
Sherlock felt suddenly very out of breath. He managed a nod, trying his best to school his face, attempting to give John every indication this was merely to stop Irene from bothering them, not for any other purposes.
Their ride over was mostly silent, but when they arrived at Angelo’s, Sherlock did his best to put on his best manners.
John Hamish Watson. Him she’d known very little about, other than the fact that his blog was part of what had inspired some of the mass following of Sherlock. She’d looked over the little website herself. Nothing spectacular. But nonetheless intriguing.
Her fingers curled tight around the phone, eyes darting towards Kate on the bed, naked and peaceful and oh so vulnerable looking.
Molly sighed and shook her head. She remembered back to the years when their parents were alive. Sherlock had been…different. So carefree and happy and loving. Willing to do things with her, curl up beside her when she had nightmares, make a blanket fort in his room. She was stuck in nostalgia for a few moments before she shook herself out of it.
“I’m still not,” Kate said. “I’ll have you remember I’m bisexual, hence why I want to watch those two boys shag so badly. Not all of us like to make things as complicated as you in our sexual labels.”
John pondered that. Part of him wanted to take care of his…er…problem. But at the same time this was embarrassing enough with an audience. And besides, Sherlock might feel used. So instead he shook his head as he sank to his knees.
Somehow he managed to drift off. It only felt like a few minutes before he was jerked back awake. He blinked a few times, trying to concentrate on what had woken him up. And then he saw it…the door was open.
“But you’ll need a hint to know any more than that,” Irene said with a smirk. “Come, just a little kiss.”
She sighed and shook her head. "You shouldn't dismiss it all so easily, you know. Kate was right, you're just like her. So blind to everything. But I'll give you a secret to a man like Sherlock Holmes. He might play confident, but he's not nearly as self-secure as he pretends to be. If you give it some time you'll figure him out."
The bloody phone had been sighing at random intervals for a good two weeks. John wasn’t sure how much more he could handle. Hence the reason he was spending a good amount of time at his girlfriend’s which she thought was sweet and he thought was convenient. Anything to escape from Sherlock Holmes and his moaning texts.
“Apologies. It looks as though your dates with Jim Moriarty are canceled. You’ll just have to find another psychopath to entertain yourself with.”
She shot him a glare but otherwise ignored him as she fixed her blouse, turning to and fro in front of the mirror.
“Yes,” John said, patting his shoulder. “Your little wish come true. Now I need to go find Sherlock. Did you see which way he went?”
"Couldn't we just go to a café? Sherlock doesn't follow me everywhere." John sighed, wishing in some ways he would. It might be proof the man wasn't stuck as deep in his feelings as he seemed to be at the moment.
Her gaze fixed on Kate. Her poor darling. Alone and mourning the death of her lover. If only Irene could have told her the truth. But that put both of them at risk. It was safer this way.
“Mmm yes. And it gave me a chance to slip the cameras in too,” Irene said, licking her lips as she stared at her computer screen, admiring the various angles of the flat, the possibilities of all the dirty things she could catch for her viewing pleasure.
Greg stepped in, doing his best to avoid stepping on anything. It was difficult. The floor was littered with an array of items. Clothes mostly, but a few dishes and scientific instruments as well.
“Just something about his girlfriend again,” Sherlock muttered. “I suspect he’s merely sexually frustrated and taking it out on me.”
For some odd reason the thought of the doctor brought further interest to his arousal. He wasn’t quite sure why. Years ago he’d had a partner or two, only brief physical intimacies, but since that time he hadn’t considered anyone else. But John’s hands had been on him only a minute before. Perhaps that was it. Perhaps that was why he suddenly couldn’t stop thinking of John, John reaching down to tug the sheets aside. John touching him. John…kissing him?
“She either is or isn’t,” John said. “That’s the thing. You are a good man. And you shouldn’t let anyone make you feel like you don’t deserve what you want. If she says no, fine. But to me it sounds like you haven’t even asked properly. Don’t give up so easily.”
