John was still in a good mood when he arrived back at the flat, a mood which faded quickly when he found Sherlock still on the sofa with
at the prone women before him. The chart immediately slipped from his grasp, clattering loudly on the floor, and his jaw fell open slightly with shock and horror.
There was a pounding of feet on the stairs, then Alex joined them, carrying paper grocery bags in his arms. "Hey! Uncle John! Uncle Sherlock! Great to see you!" He was and had remained a cheerful, energetic person. This had served him well in his career as a professional footballer. "Just let me get these groceries away, and I'll come sit with you."
A shiver ran down Sherlock's spine and he turned to look over his shoulder at the suppressants, still lying useless on the kitchen table. John strode forward, deceptively silent, although Sherlock knew, from the handful of times John had held him back from danger, that John was frighteningly strong.
He just had to think of this like a chronic illness. It wasn't likely to resolve completely, if he was really honest with himself. The goal then should be symptom management. This initial period would be painful because he was hurt, and because he was angry. That anger was what fueled his resolve. Love, relationships, both involved risks. John accepted that, and he accepted that the risks he had taken with his heart had backfired. What he could not accept was taking that sort of risk again, not with Sherlock. He would never survive it.
weight and the bruises under his eyes made it look like he'd been in a fight." He swallowed, then looked up to meet James's steady gaze. "I'm starting to think he's working a case he's not telling me about."
John fervently hoped that Sherlock was wrong about his illness. It had been known to happen, after all, from time to time.
"Because he always takes the interesting cases." She nudged his side gently and winked conspiratorially. "After all the years he's lived here, I've gotten quite an eye for them myself. You've got the most interesting case he's seen in weeks."
Not only was he feeling sentiment, and very strong sentiment too, despite all his best efforts to avoid it entirely, but now he was publicly displaying it to the point that benign shop clerks were concerned about him. This was definitely a problem.
Harry smiled and went willingly back into John's arms, knowing the contact would help reassure her brother that she was indeed, just fine. "Thank you. I've started participating in some of the group hikes. I didn't realize how out of shape I'd gotten."
Sherlock knew John well, and, after several minutes, began to use that knowledge in conjunction with his lip reading skills to try to beat John to the correct diagnosis for his patients. It was a poor replica of a conversation, but it was
John sputtered an irrepressible laugh. "That's all true, I'm afraid," he said, trying to collect himself. "He's made Detective Inspector Lestrade chase him all over London before. His idea of calling for police backup is to trigger silent alarms during a search for evidence." John shrugged. "Well, that or pick pocketing police identification so that they'll come after him."
that John was making. He'd always heard most alphas were quiet, but John had no qualms about making his pleasure known.
John looked up, surprised. Sherlock's eyes were closed, but John had no doubt that he had spoken. It was the first time he could remember the world's only consulting detective thanking anyone for anything.
John opened his mouth, caught himself on the verge of saying, 'Anything for you, Harry,' and instead changed it to, "You're welcome." He would do anything for his sister, and he also needed to learn not to come to her rescue when she didn't really need it. "Work hard in group."
Molly continued eyeing the bag for a few more moments, then lifted her gaze to John, then over to Mary, then back to John. "Is this….? Are you….? …John you know what this looks like."
Greg shrugged. "There really isn't much to know, it's like you're both pretending the other one of you doesn't exist. I know you're not living or working together anymore, but that's about it."
Somewhere along the line, that had become his catchphrase. Only it wasn't fine. None of it. Nothing had really been fine since Sherlock had jumped; John had just become skilled at managing how 'not fine' he was.
"I apologize also for disturbing your workspace. I will clean the slides and leave." Sherlock turned back around and immediately made good on his promise. He cleaned the slides properly, and stored them. He even straightened the work area. When he pulled on his coat in preparation for leaving, five minutes later, Molly still had not spoken or moved. Sherlock nodded once to her as he straightened his collar. "Goodnight Molly."
Eva moved one hand slightly forward as if cupping something small. "The gallbladder is a small pouch that sits under the liver, collecting bile that it produces," Eva's other hand swept a large area above her cupped hand. "As your stomach needs more bile to digest, the pouch contracts, and pushes in the bile it needs." Eva squeezed her hand shut for a moment, then loosened it once more, looking again like she was cupping something small. "Sometimes, and for lots of different reasons, the gallbladder can produce stones. Some people are able to pass them, and some people never feel them."
Reading the last few lines he had written, John though again about how entrenched Sherlock was in his life...even now. John hadn't dated since the fall. He had a creeping recognition that, perhaps, he wouldn't
He wrung his hands together over the cane he now needed to steady his gait. He'd been invalided home from the service after taking a bullet to the shoulder… He still couldn't quite figure how his leg was mixed up in that injury, but nerves and infection were tricky things sometimes.
John sighed and pushed himself up into a sitting position. Sleep had been generally illusive since his exile from 221 B, but tonight it had abandoned him entirely. He
John growled, deep and low in his throat, the vibrations washing through Sherlock's body as John opened his mouth against the scent glands at Sherlock's neck and
Mary's gaze, however, never wavered from Sherlock as she explained. "Romance, regret, and revenge. Romance is the most common motivation for some of the most heinous crimes, but I think we can rule that out in this case, given the disparity in his targets."
John sucked in another breath, squeezing his eyes shut so tightly it hurt. He was trying to regain his composure, trying to block out the truth...and then Sherlock's voice came again, warm and soft in his ear.
"I would be honored to go, Nikki, but I absolutely insist on paying you for my ticket," John replied, reaching for his wallet.
Immediately he had tried to simulate the chemicals which Ms. Hooper had indicated would relive his suffering...to no noticeable effect. He had tried prolonged doses and experimented with time release formulas until the Detective Inspector he solved cases for had come in person to assure himself that Sherlock was still alive. The dinner which this stubborn individual had then forced on him had cost valuable time...time he did not have.
Sherlock, having resolved to spend his next few hours hacking everything he could find about Mr. Wallingford's business associates, burst through the front door of 221 Baker Street. He leapt up the stairs and swept into the sitting room. He was almost upon the desk by the windows before he realized there was no laptop waiting there for him.
Lestrade stepped meaningfully in front of him when Sherlock tried to brush past him. "Nope, not this time, Sherlock.
Sherlock held John's gaze with his own for a long moment, feeling the familiar warm blue pulling him in. "I started looking for a solution after my first heat." Sherlock swallowed thickly, then pressed on. "It took years to find suppressants that worked."
Greg smiled and nodded. "Definitely." Then he looked around at the scene before them and sighed. "How about tonight, around five? It'll take me about that long to clean up the mess he's left. You go catch up on your sleep."
me, would you have started earlier?" Lestrade gaped at him for a moment, but Sherlock, collected his Belstaff from the hall closet and pressed on. "The body should be ready and waiting. I want him transferred from Charing Cross Hospital to Barts by 9am, they have a more comprehensive work space." And with a flourish of said long black coat, he was gone.
John grumbled, but didn't bother to ask how Sherlock had known what he was thinking, the explanation would only distract him further. He would never figure out how Sherlock's mind worked. He moved one of his bishops.
"I'll go change the orders in his chart," Sherlock continued, his voice still raised, but not quite yelling. "Make sure he starts receiving new protocols in the morning!"
"Deduce people. How did you deduce me? You said you work with the police, but the police don't consult amateurs. How did you
Sherlock's gaze slipped over to John's eyes, and he faltered in his deductions. John's slightly unfocused gaze spoke of his fatigue, but the set of his jaw showed he wasn't feeling it as much as he would otherwise. He was running off of adrenaline…and pain. The injustice of a wrongful death was weighing heavily on John's mind, warring with the complications of having to approach Sherlock for help, when Sherlock was the
When his hands had freed the last button and loosened Marcus's tie, John slid his lips over his jaw, kissing and nibbling lightly at the skin until he reached the curve of Marcus's neck; then John began to suck in earnest. Marcus tipped his head back, bearing more of his throat to John, with a gasp of, "Yes," followed by a breathy laugh when John began tugging at Marcus's shirt and suit jacket at once. "You're feisty."
"How long have you had a fever?" John's steady blue gaze held him, and Sherlock knew he would not be brushed off.
They walked inside and up the stairs. John had seen the light on in Mrs. Hudson's window, but thankfully she left them to their own devices. Only when they passed the threshold of 221 B did John finally let go of Sherlock's hand.
Susan whimpered and scrunched her eyes tightly shut, still shaking her head. Lestrade placed a hand on Sherlock's shoulder, trying to call him off, but Sherlock shrugged him off, determined to see his task through. "Are you so sure he won't go after the dogs you do walk? They aren't yours, but you care about them, they matter. They take you away from him and this whole conversation has made him so livid I'm not sure that taking it out of your hide will be enough for him." Sherlock paused meaningfully, watching Susan's lips tremble as though she was about to cry or speak. "I can see it now. He'll follow you, he's good at that; he's been doing it a lot longer than you think. He'll wait until you're near a dark ally and force you in. It doesn't matter what happens to the dogs, they're collateral damage, easily paid off."
John was both grateful and irritated that his hours had been so reduced. Grateful because it took over a week for the mark to fade, and however non-judgmental Mary might be, John still found it awkward and embarrassing for her to cover his mark for him. Irritated because now that his main focus was his work, he realized how little he was actually scheduled. It had almost worked with Sherlock's schedule, but now John's schedule was his own, and he was left with far too many hours to
John opened the lube and spread a liberal amount on his fingers before looking up to meet Marcus's hungry gaze. Marcus rested his hands on John's shoulders and leaned forward to kiss him. John kissed back enthusiastically, one hand curling around Marcus's erection, and the other searching out his entrance. When John's finger connected with the tight ring of muscle he felt it fluttering under his finger. Gently, John pressed against the muscle, and slid inside.
When John reached the death certificate once more he felt his cheeks grow hot with embarrassment. He
Sherlock leaned forward even more. "You don't know, do you?" Bryan whirled around, his jaw clenched shut and his hands balled into fists at his side, looking very much like a petulant child. Sherlock smiled and pressed on. "You've been well educated, you're of the appropriate age to start taking on some real responsibility, but you haven't yet, have you? Daddy didn't trust-"
Susan's jaw clenched and she began to glare at Sherlock. "I do love my husband!" She insisted angrily.
Sherlock cut into a side street, then back into another alley a little ways down, with John right behind him. They stopped to scale an old fire escape and dash across the roof of a long, narrow building. John was ready to go to ground, wait things out on the roof, but Sherlock didn't slow. He dived over the other side of the building and disappeared from sight.
"Thank you, for everything," he murmured, leaning forward to press a kiss to her forehead and squeezed her hands one last time before easing himself back down the steps to the first pew.
Sherlock didn't look like he'd been expecting to see John, he paled and his eyes widened with remarkable believability, but John knew firsthand the extent of Sherlock's acting abilities. Suddenly every moment of the evening, and all those leading up to it where in question. How much was an accident, and how much had been planned? This was obviously for a case, it
Sherlock held back a smile of satisfaction because he knew he was right. Susan had many classic symptoms of PTSD and being a victim of domestic violence. She frightened easily, made excuses for her boyfriend, and covered up her injuries, but she still had a strong drive to protect the dogs she looked after. It was the one thing she hadn't let herself stop caring about.
any easier. There was nothing left of her face, the skull was badly misshapen, and the fractures throughout her skeleton contorted her flesh into unnatural angles. Mrs. Dwight truly appeared
John's eyes widened slightly in realization. "The inscription." Sitting in his breast pocket like it had been, it would have just been visible.
Sherlock, for the moment, seemed quite content to be confined with John. They had spent a great deal of time talking this past month, catching up, and establishing the relationship they always should have had. This 'death' had left them both scarred in more ways than one.
Sherlock sniffed indifferently and stole off to the kitchen with the nightgown in hand. John watched him go before turning a sympathetic gaze on Mr. Brenton. "He's just gone to analyze the material and the stains. Would you like me to fetch you some tea while we wait?"
John huffed in irritation and bit back more curses. Their latest case had started off as a simple, but high-profile kidnapping. The youngest daughter of the Bulgarian ambassador, Elzbieta, had been spirited away from her security team half a mile from her school. The kidnapers had taken not only Elzbieta, but also a poor schoolmate of hers, who had been accompanying her that morning. Both girls were similar in appearance, and at first they thought they were related.
Greg rolled his eyes and began typing furiously once more. John drew a measured breath, ready to start actually yelling if he had to, when Greg held up a hand to stop him. "I'm looking up his tracking device," Greg explained.
That sorted, Sherlock pushed his fatigue aside, plugged in his laptop, and took a seat. It was time for the real work to begin.
Toby began to dig beside him, encouraged by Sherlock's energy. John reached out a hand to discourage the dog, but Sherlock slapped it away. "Let him help, he's got the right tools for the job."
John was halfway up the steps when he heard the gunfire. His quick pace became a charge as he surged up towards trouble. He had
Sherlock's lips curled in a mocking smile and he slowly shook his head. "My brother might have protected that man before, but he just doesn't have any value anymore. All the information that could've been useful was collected a long time ago. Now he's just a liability and not worth the resources it would take to keep him alive."
Ms. Wallingford peeked up at him from beneath her long black hair, her brown eyes sparkling in amusement even as her face remained impassive.
He had seen Sherlock act, he knew the world's only consulting detective was convincing... Sherlock had certainly been calculating during every case and in their early weeks together as flatmates, but somewhere along the way the vitriol had seemed to go out of him. John thought he had been cautious. He thought he had figured Sherlock out...
Sherlock raised the pointer finger on the hand not covering his eyes and gestured meaningfully at the ceiling. "Improbable," he corrected.
In the end, they hadn't gone out to the pub after all. They'd ordered in some curry and ate it out of the cartons, too engrossed in their conversation to bother with plates. John had been stifling yawns for an hour before he could tear himself away from the safe harbor of James's company.
"It is very kind for you to allow us to re-examine the body," the ex-army doctor continued, elbowing his flatmate sharply in the ribs in the hopes that he would stop fidgeting.
, Mycroft," John insisted, and instantly his hands were free; his feet followed soon after. Getting upright was more of a production than John wanted it to be, but he managed it. When he looked up, Mycroft was reserved and collected once more. "Where is he?" John demanded.
"I think sooner is better than later," John murmured when he pulled away, "but the choice is still yours."
"No one if going to hurt you, Susan," Lestrade soothed, leaning towards her so that he could keep his voice low. "Would you like to head inside and speak?" Lestrade gestured to a nearby coffee shop with a toss of his head, but before Susan could answer, or not answer, Sherlock interjected.
Pulling the blue scarf from his neck, John set it lovingly on one of the hooks by the door. It was well into Spring now, but it was still cool enough to justify wearing one of his precious keepsakes. Sherlock would've found the idea appallingly sentimental, but if it bothered him that much, he could voice his complaint in person.
The piercing gaze of the world's only consulting detective narrowed and his voice became ominously quiet. "Pardon?"
agree to this so I could watch someone else destroy themselves!" He snapped his mouth shut and flung the door to their flat open, his entire body rigid with fury. It was bad enough that he'd had to watch, helplessly, as Harry had struggled for so many years.
John turned to look at her and instantly felt guilty again. Her injured hand was extended towards him, and he could already see some swelling. He frowned, his temper cooling considerably, and he hesitated a moment before asking, "Can I take a look?"
There is one more chapter after this one, and I really, really think you'll want to read it when I'm able to post it. But, until then, have faith.
John underlined his second 'anything' so hard he almost tore through the paper. He took a breath, forced himself to take a long sip of tea, and pressed on.
Mary scooting forward to get in a better position, her eyes darting over Johns' scars. The damage was extensive, and he was very lucky not to have lost any flexibility or dexterity, at least no loss that she knew off.
Sherlock looked away and frowned towards the front of the cab. "That's not what people normally say."
John smiled, happy to see another letter. It had, once again, been three weeks since his last letter. John wondered if that would be the regular interval for these letters? "Thank you for waiting," John said as he crested the stairs, "Just let me set these on the table, and I can take that from you."
"That doesn't answer my question," John insisted, feeling both giddy and smug. Although he pestered and needled Sherlock all the way back to Baker Street, he never did get an answer.
Love can be more dangerous than a bullet through the heart and it can make a difference when nothing else will.  Deliverance or demise depends on the hearts and minds of those involved.
"Tell me about them," John urged, pulling the blanket high over his shoulders as his t-shirt and pajama pants did little to keep out the morning chill.
out of place. He flipped back, examining the first few pages of the file again. Was this really it? His brows furrowed in frustration. There was nothing here he didn't already
Sherlock scooted around him and held the door for him with a smug smile. "Really? Do you kiss all the men that aren't your boyfriend?"
Once the appropriate amount of time had passed, John lifted the tea bag from his cup, shook it gently, and tossed it in the bin. He was just stepping into the sitting room, headed for his chair, when a determined knocking interrupted him. Frowning slightly in confusion, John changed course and pulled open the door. (It was closed now, more often than not. Mrs. Hudson's pitying looks rankled more than the well meant advice of his 'friends.')
"I need Narcan, point four milligrams!" John called over his shoulder to Janet, a nurse who had joined them by the gurney. The gurney was lowered and Eric moved to take over compressions. Another nurse, Kevin, hovered nearby until Eric paused in compressions so that the patient could be intubated. Eric was technically John's supervisor, but John had already taken control of the team, and it wasn't unusual for a supervisee to be in command during an emergency, when there wasn't time to define roles. It would only waste time to argue about rank. Every resident was drilled in protocols, and following the doctor taking lead, unless said doctors' orders could cause medical harm, was one of those protocols.
John nodded and forced himself to step back. He lifted his head and scanned the area for Sherlock. There were morticians arranging the body of the old women respectfully on another stretcher. Most of the yard officers who had arrived on scene were busy questioning people. Sherlock was sitting on a bench beside Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade, shoving off one of those orange shock blankets and speaking animatedly. John growled in frustration when the blanket slipped to Sherlock's waist. The damned idiot had dislocated his right shoulder.
Sherlock's expression changed, looking both calculating and mildly confused. "And you intend to follow me without argument? No high-handed objections?"
John hummed softly, his fingers idly drawing patterns on Sherlock's chest, brushing over his nipples. Sherlock arched into the gentle touches, surrendering to the sensations. John inched closer, his kisses trailing over Sherlock's cheek and back to his ear. Sherlock sighed and tipped his head back over John's shoulder.
say it wasn't enough money. I never said I would give you any more," Sherlock drawled, the bored tone creeping back into his voice.
"John Watson?" John saw the additional questions brimming behind the man's eyes. He heard them a lot, especially since Sherlock and he had ended their…association.
Sherlock blinked a few times, taken aback by John's smug and frank analysis. He was wrong on a few key points, naturally, but on the point of his safety from Sherlock...
John smiled and nodded. "Yes ma'am." He followed Mary into the kitchen, and did as he was bid. The countertops were blue, just like the walls, and there was a small round table with two chairs tucked close by the windows along the far wall. Just like the sitting room there was an overhead light, but the light Mary had turned on appeared to come from LED lights nestled under the cabinets.
There was a female nurse and a female social worker who had a very silent but very real animosity between them. The nurse had made some wrongful accusations against the social worker's husband, and the social worker
Mary's flat was a short walk from the clinic, in an unremarkable looking building. John walked with her up three flights of stairs to her door: 355 A. Mary fished her keys out of her purse, and let them inside. John smiled when she flicked on the light. The switch was linked to a few lamps throughout the room, which bathed it in a soft glow. There was an overhead lamp, but it remained dark, and John wasn't sorry for it. The walls were a golden yellow, almost orange with white trim, and the floors were polished wood. The furniture in was sparse and sturdy, expensive pieces that wouldn't likely need to be replaced, and most of them were deep brown wood.
"Ah!" Angelo exclaimed, clapping his hands together. "I will get a candle for your table. It's more romantic."
Sherlock let the silence speak for him and saw John's expression harden. When John spoke again his voice was thick with emotion. "After everything?" That was John to a fault. Loyal, patient, trusting... Sherlock's phone buzzed faintly for the final time.
Lauren met John's gaze and smiled warmly. Her eyes shifted to Sherlock next, and her smile faded. "No," she said sharply, already turning to leave. She paused at the door and turned around, reaching out her arms for the cat, who didn't look inclined to move. Lauren had just pulled the cat into her arms when Sherlock darted around the counter and blocked her exit into the back rooms.
Miss. Williams gently brushed soot and grit off of the plastic, fingers questing for an opening. "It doesn't look like you've opened it," She remarked, looking up as she fingered the plastic seal.
She managed to draw a deep breath and nodded. John nodded back, then turned his attention to his husband. "Sherlock, fetch me some towels, and call an ambulance." Sherlock nodded and left the room.
pain, Sherlock had expected the pain, but what made him yelp, and arch up against John was the wholly unexpected
John jogged up the familiar steps of 221B, smirking as his foot hit the creaky 9th step. He didn't realize it, but he was humming. Today had been a good day at the clinic. His patient's had been easy to treat, and personable to speak with. To top it all off, Sarah had told him to knock off early; it wasn't yet 4pm. As much as John enjoyed being productive, he enjoyed getting off early too; it was a rare treat.
"If it was rabid, maybe, and had the slightest inclination to chase us," John replied, thoroughly amused by the memory. "The case of the Three Shot Derringer, which I'm going to write up next, is a better example of dangerous." James perked up in interest, but John, who still felt the effects of sleep deprivation from said case, wasn't up to relating the tale just yet.
What really frightened John, was the idea that Harry had meant humanity as a whole. She'd struggled with depression for a long time, and they'd both seen the rough side of life. It galled him that she might be losing hope when, after
Mary nodded and together they made their way down the stairs and out the door. They split in opposite directions, each hailing and securing a cab, moving as quickly as they could to their different locations.
John considered this for a moment then said, "So you'll help Harry get into the Edelweiss Recovery Center, pay for all her treatment there, in exchange for me becoming your assistant?"
The ex-army doctor studied the replication of the letter for a few minutes, rearranging their order, turning the paper around, and anything else he could think of to wring understanding from the clue Sherlock had presented to him. When his attempts to fold the paper, as though the right combination of folds would somehow result in a new message resulted in Sherlock's unbridled laughter, John huffed in frustration and straightened the paper on his knee. "I know this will feel like a stupid question in a moment," John began, "but
It had been frighteningly easy to lean up and kiss him. Sherlock's uncertain expression was burned into his mind's eye. He'd look unsteady and honest in a way John had only glimpsed before.
Normally, when he deigned to do something as plebian as to run an errand, it was easy for Sherlock to zone out, to half enter his mind palace and let his transport operate on muscle memory. Today... for the last several days in fact, he just couldn't do it. Everything was muffled, muted, and difficult to concentrate on. It took him ages to find the store, and then ages more to collect the small group of items Mrs. Hudson had sent him for. It could be his body responding to his recent lack of sleep and food, but Sherlock knew that wasn't the only factor at play. His entire system was stalled and he couldn't seem to reset it.
"You had better hope the owners of this place are the understanding type," Sally added with a smirk, gently cuffing John while her Detective Inspector strong armed the world's only consulting detective into his own pair of cuffs.
Sherlock accepted the phone and brought it to his ear. "Greetings Harry." He paused to listen and John could hear Harry's excited voice, but not any of her words. Sherlock sighed softly and rolled his eyes at her exuberance, but John thought he saw amusement in his flatmate's countenance as well as impatience. The world's only consulting detective was a difficult man to live with, and almost impossible to understand, but as John leaned closer and Sherlock's gaze met his, John was sure he was correct.
John watched his fingers shake in his lap as he struggled to mentally reconcile himself to what he had learned. Sherlock was...well, that was the question, wasn't it? Seeing the potential for such an impossible dream to come true left John paralyzed with the fear that it would be snatched away again. He couldn't bear that. Not that, not ever. He would lose his mind...not that he was doing the best job of hanging onto it at present.
Engaging the safety, John set the gun down on the coffee table with a murderous glare. "You're going to have the Yard here in a moment."
"Agreed. Don't think too much about it, you'll only make yourself crazy. Do you know when you'll hear back?"
Eva's gaze flickered back to Harry, "That's another part of life that people tend to view as stagnant. It's even in the language we use. 'When I grow up...' But addiction isn't fixed and neither are our personalities. We grow and change all throughout our lives, and recovery is one of the biggest changes that we can make."
"It's a big decision," John murmured. "I don't think waiting until morning will result in anything irrevocable." He started to pull away and Sherlock surged forward, grasping frantically at John's shirt.
Metal scraped along asphalt as the car started to give. Sherlock stepped forward and caught the woman as her arm came free and she fell forward. He eased her to her knees, kneeling alongside her as he suspected she might faint from shock or pain. She didn't faint, but struggled to regain her balance.
There was silence for a moment and, not for the first time, Greg was caught in an uncomfortable position. Sherlock had been right
, not like this. Large warm hands covered his own, gently holding them. Sherlock closed his eyes, then opened them again, staring at John's chest, because he couldn't quite bring himself to meet John's gaze.
There was a long pause, and John's gut twisted with unease. He didn't want Greg to pry, even though John's abrupt departure and complete lack of communication somewhat warranted an explanation, especially since Greg had become a good friend over the years.
"He's right, though," a small, clear voice spoke up from Sherlock's side. Laurali had not cried or carried on like her classmate, but she had stayed stubbornly at Sherlock's side since her rescue. "It was probably the quickest way out of there."
John sighed and shook his head emphatically. "Do you always have to be such a massive dickhead?" When he received no response, John looked up into Sherlock's eyes. He didn't like the sadness he read there...
too! "Goodnight, Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock snapped, rising to close the door firmly in her face. He didn't suspect it would intimidate her, not when she'd been his landlady for this long, but he hoped it would make her leave.
"Yes!" Harry wailed, reaching for more tissues. "I don't want to be, but that's who I fucking am. I'm a drunk."
Jon straightened in his seat. What the hell was she on about?! Replacement flatmates... The phone buzzed again.
Attached? Well, there was no bother denying that. Perhaps John was attached for all the wrong reasons, but he was attached all the same.
you try to be independent. How many times have you asked me to fetch your phone when both your arms were in
There were more hesitation marks here, and John knew why. There was no right thing to say at a time like this, in any language.
Some days he felt strong and sure, that he'd be able to figure out the whole truth of what had happened and honor Sherlock's memory in doing so. And then there were days like today... Days when he stared out at the rain and missed Sherlock until he couldn't see straight.
John hummed acknowledgement while he stirred the sauce. "Is there anything else I should be looking after besides this sauce?"
Mike frowned again, but nodded. "There's this fellow I know. I met him when the Yard was investigating the murder of one of my patients. He works with the Yard, well, shows them up would be more accurate. They were still getting a case profile together when he'd pegged her brother for her murder. Damned if the forensic evidence didn't point right to him too, once the Yard had the lab results back."
John fought the urge to curse under his breath as he and Sherlock pulled on the thin blue gloves. Laurali had made a habit of things like this as a child. Whenever she was poorly she had tried to hide it, almost to the point of collapsing. He and Sherlock had tried to assure her that being ill or injured was not something she would get punished for, and that they wanted to help her. Laurali
"I love you, Sherlock. I want you safe, and I want you happy. I'm willing to do whatever it takes to get you there," John trailed off again, his expression growing more serious, "
John was gone and that was the way it should be for John's happiness, but his absence had become much more of a distraction for Sherlock than his presence ever had been. The video feed from Caring Cross was
Sherlock thrust his chin out at Mr. Walker, not in the least intimidated. "I'll play for her. That will save time on useless auditions and allow Nikki to reclaim her seat seamlessly, once she's recovered."
The orderlies and the guards were already rushing into the room. One orderly turned on the light while another orderly and a guard dove to subdue the patient. The patient didn't resist the constraint, but his wailing continued unabated. The second orderly removed several syringes from his pocket, placing all but one of them on a small shelf set into the wall. While the orderlies sedated the screaming patient Sherlock barked orders at them. "This patient needs a titration of Librium and a four milligram increase in Risperidone!"
The tears brimming in Nichole's eyes overflowed and spilled down her pale cheeks, but she did not look away. She wanted to argue, but saw no grounds with which to build her argument. She was resolved, however, that much was obvious to Sherlock. She'd used her resolve to gain first chair in the first place, practicing relentlessly in the hopes of escaping her alcoholic father as well as for her love of music. The sight would have infuriated John. Sherlock could all but hear him now.
John leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees, and his chin in his hands. "What did the letter say?"
"Well, I have been working with the beasts since I was a child. My father got me into the business," Mr. Werner explained, having the audacity to look pleased. He didn't even have the common sense to see the insult.
"Those were the worst times. It was everything we could do to prevent Sherlock from smoking himself to oblivion or shooting holes in the walls to alleviate boredom."
As they made their way down the steps John frowned at the early dusk that was a sure sign of winter's rapid approach. Harriet would be getting out soon, and all of this would be over. Her graduation was just ten days away... John had managed to buy train tickets for himself so that he could be there for the ceremony. Harry hadn't been clear where she wanted to live, so John had made arrangements with Mrs. Hudson to rent her basement apartment while they sorted things out. Everything was in order...
be assaulted. While it would be mildly satisfying to break Mr. Werner's jaw, it wasn't necessary. Lestrade would ensure he received the most severe punishment allowable both for the murder of his wife, and his…other activities.
Sherlock adopted his most innocent, concerned expression, much to Lestrade's apparent annoyance. "I was just running out to get the shopping for Mrs. Hudson, when I saw Susan and this individual walking down the street. I remembered I'd seen Susan walking dogs and wanted to ask her if she would consider taking on Mrs. Hudson's new Spaniel. When I started to discuss the details, he stuck me."
Many thanks to all those who have left reviews, favorited, and/or followed this story!  ^_^  You're support makes me smile even on the most wretched work days.
Mary's lips curled upwards at the edges, she looked grateful for the change in topic. "Salmon with a chipotle mango sauce and sautéed vegetables."
"That's not a bad trait," John replied. "In fact I think it's a very good one." They shared a smile and a few moments of silence before John stood. Mary stood with him."
The awkward silence which followed stung. Greg had Molly. Mycroft had his work, and probably Anthea too. While John,...John had his memories. Not that he was bitter about it. Nope, not bitter. His friends deserved to be happy.
John continued to hum, running his hand across the top of the skull on the mantelpiece in an absent minded greeting as he made his way to the kitchen. Tea and an afternoon with a good book sounded like an excellent idea. Maybe he would wake up early tomorrow and go for a run before work.
She had cleaned up, she always did, despite the fact that she 'wasn't his housekeeper,' but she was getting older and had missed the smaller fragments and a slick of water that had made its way nearly under the table, just beside Sherlock's usual chair.
"Sherlock, the official investigation is over, the cremation's tomorrow. I am not going to put that poor women's family though any more on so little evidence, no matter how brilliant you are."
"It's good," John enthused, and it was. "Much better than I could have managed myself. truth be told I've been living on takeout and some dishes sent over by my old landlady for years now."
Sherlock swallowed and forced himself to return his attention to Mycroft and Lestrade exclusively. The possibility of his brother and Lestrade entering into a romantic relationship had not escaped him, but when that possibility had become a reality, it had surprised him. Mycroft and Lestrade had developed their association, initially, with the focus of keeping Sherlock alive. His substance use in his younger years had been excessive, a futile attempt to alleviate the boredom before he'd properly settled into his career.
John ran a dry tongue over cracked lips and tried to remember the last time he'd gotten out of his chair. Not today. Probably not yesterday either.
Marcus groaned and pressed against John's finger. One hand fell away from John's shoulder to move John's free hand from his erection to his hip. "Not yet, I want to feel you inside me first."
First, let me offer my abject apologies for the long, long and unexpected delay in this next update. I promise, it was not without good reason. I vacillated about how much to reveal in the author's note, because this is really about my writing, not me, but I also believe in honesty. So, if you need an explanation, here it is:
James reached forward and gave John's forearm a squeeze. "If you need a night off, my couch is always available."
Moriarty's phone buzzed and he glanced down at it. "We have a visitor," he observed dryly, and all of Sherlock's muscles went tense. It couldn't be him they were aware of. If he had set off a trip wire they would have scouted him out by now… unless Moriarty was trying to toy with him. He had seemed to take great pleasure in Sherlock's imminent demise.
Johns started. He hadn't expected Sherlock to comment on it after all these months… Of course he knew, Sherlock
"Fine, don't work the case then. I really don't have time for this today, Sherlock." There was a rustle of fabric as Lestrade undoubtedly peered around a heavy set of drapes. "It's all I can do to keep the media circus from breaking through the front door."
Eva cringed a bit before adding, "I definitely felt mine. I don't know what it's like for other people, but it felt
Mycroft was still an ass, but John wasn't so angry that he couldn't see Mycroft had tried to make Sherlock's painful absence and return as easy as he was able to. Their meeting at the cemetery had been traumatic, but John did believe Mycroft when he'd said it was to prevent an actual hospitalization, and quicken his reunion with Sherlock. That didn't mean he couldn't threaten the British Government.
"Okay, okay," John soothed, "Holding up his hands in surrender. "There's nothing that can be done about it now. The ambulance should be on its way, let's just focus on what needs to happen before they get here."
"Hm? Oh, nothing too much, yet," Sherlock replied, shrugging. "We'll just have to see how things go."
Mummy had been worried about Sherlock hurting himself when he was cutting the wood and installing the wire. Still, after almost ten years of raising her overly precocious offspring, she knew it was better to supervise instead of deny the majority of his projects. Denial only ever resulted in bigger explosions and less access to proper safety equipment.
Next to him, Molly bit her lip indecisively before mumbling, "I probably shouldn't bring this up, because talking never seems to help, does it?"
John swallowed before he continued, another "tell" Sherlock was always lecturing him about. Apparently it was an indicator of strong, but suppressed emotion. As always, Sherlock was right. "I was very serious when I said I wanted to focus more on my medical practice. Sherlock and I…" The pause was painful and felt incriminating. "We are no longer associates. He is focusing on his work and I am focusing on mine." John silently begged Sara not to continue the questioning. It shouldn't be so hard, but it
At length John pulled Marcus up and off with a ragged gasp. John's eyes were closed and his thighs quivered. If he didn't take a step back now he would embarrass himself.
"Help! We need a gurney in here!" Sherlock shouted, out into the hall, drawing the attention of the guards and orderlies, who'd only just managed to subdue his last patient.
After the incident with the smoke bombs, Sherlock had dragged an incredibly indignant John back to 221 B, and waited an entire week before contacting their client to schedule a meeting. Sherlock claimed he had waited in order to create a false sense of security. It seemed like a sound tactic for his goals, but the entire case still put John on edge.
Sherlock perked up, his tea, and his experiment, forgotten. "Case?" Lestrade wasn't lying about the media circus. His dismissive tone was part of a reverse psychology ploy he'd attempted in most of his recent cases. Naturally, the ploy had utterly failed in its purpose. Sherlock was
"Persons of wealth and/or supposedly distinguished lineage can get fussy about bloodlines. Mr. Clemons wanted to report to his family that his wife had delivered successfully without the supposed shame of either another failed pregnancy, or having to adopt someone from outside the family."
sympathetic but wouldn't feel bad about terminating Nicole's employment with the Royal Opera House because her injury would leave her unable to fill her chair for several months. The man's tone and expression made everything painfully obvious.
He hadn't wanted to talk about Sherlock, or anything even remotely pertaining to Sherlock, and James seemed to understand that. They talked about the game on at the bar, about medicine, and about their respective pasts. John had been pleased to learn that, despite both their mild mannered appearances, they had each seen their share of trouble and/or danger.
Puzzled, Watson stared down on the stage where Hamlet was helplessly turning around and after a few more seconds shouted "Curtain! Curtain!". Shortly before the curtain closed, he could spot a lifeless hand and some dark liquid pouring from behind the tapestry. Watson grabbed their coats and hats and rushed after his friend.
Watson turned a page in his notebook. "Ophelia is Annabelle Christie. Astonishingly Ms Newton didn’t know that much about her. She joined the company about a year ago and is a talented actress. But in real life she seems to be an unremarkable and very shy person. She is certainly in her early twenties and her past is unknown. Charles Thomas was absolutely enthusiastic about her, an ardent worshipper. Rumours had started among the cast. That old Thomas could be interested in more than her acting skills. He was a widower for a decade already and especially devoted to younger women. Off the stage Annabelle Christie had no contact to the other cast members whatsoever, which increased the tittle-tattle."
Lestrade’s look went from Holmes to the knife in his hand and back again. "He was forced to?" he guessed.
The man swore and tried to free himself but Sherlock held him down with an arm lock, kneeing on his back. John wondered again where Sherlock learned that hold.
Sherlock added “And it also happens during opening hours, not only during the night. Children are frightened and start to avoid this department. Bad for business especially shortly before Christmas. The employees assured me that it wasn’t them playing practical jokes. I have already questioned them quite insistently.”
“So you are the guard I couldn’t talk to before because you are on holiday.” Sherlock said, breathing heavily.
The actor wanted to reply something but Watson stopped him by turning his back on him. He went to the front of the stage and drew back the curtain a bit. Holmes joined him, the knife still in his hand.
"Indeed. And I have a hunch who did it. Just need the final proof. You should get dressed. I sent Archie to Lestrade with the request to invite the theatre people to the crime scene. We are going to do this in an unusual way this time. Calling them all to expose the murderer... yes, of course, that’s a bit unworthy of my skills. But nevertheless it could be entertaining."
"Well, it worked brilliantly, I would presume", Sherlock stated sarcastically, raising the eye brows and nodding to the body.
"Nice to see you, too, Inspector Lestrade. You won’t believe it, we came here to watch a boring play and got an exciting murder instead. By the way, this gentleman is Mr Francis Thomas. He stabbed the victim, but he is not the murderer."
“But why do we have to do the hunting in the middle of the night, in the dark, when those things are also happening during the day?”
While Lestrade tried to calm down Rutherford and the others, Watson took Holmes aside where the gas light barely reached them.
“That’s silly.” John said. “It certainly is just a prank. Perhaps this time your practice of questioning was weak at some point? Oi!”
The addressed turned to John and looked at his fob watch. "For three hours and 4 minutes already to be precise, my dear John. Hope you slept well?"
"I let myself in, John. It wasn’t really a challenge. You know I prefer it when everything is quiet... and nobody’s around to distract me."
"Elisabeth Newton. She plays Getrude and was very communicative. She has played at that theatre for more than twenty years. She observed and she didn’t hold back on her colleagues. You would like her," Watson winked and went on.
"Ah, Mr Temple, it’s very kind of you to volunteer to be first. You used to work in the victim’s company as a book keeper? Why did you leave?"
"Right." Watson opened his small notebook, using the glow of a gas lantern to read. "The victim’s name is Brighton Homrich. He did the acting just for fun, the same way he owned that theatre just for fun. He joined the cast after he bought the theatre. Actually he made his living with being a ship-owner, originally located in Portsmouth. The murderer whom you don’t believe to be the murderer..."
Slowly Samuel stepped backwards, holding poor Ms Christie as a shield in front of him. Watson and Lestrade who stood sideways behind the stagehand started to move carefully towards him. But Holmes shook his head without looking at them. Watson understood and stopped Lestrade.
Rutherford cleared his throat. "Yes, I’m sorry to admit it, George, but in fact you aren’t a good actor at all. You don’t put much feeling into your performances. And you’re absolutely terrible at learning and remembering your lines. You will never get a lead."
"And how surprised you were, unpleasantly surprised, on discovering who your new boss was, my dear George", Rutherford chipped in. "What had happened between you before you left his company? Perhaps something giving you a sufficient reason for a murder?"
"So we have everyone from the cast but Ophelia. And what about the other people working in that place?"
He slowly headed towards the noise; his torch turned off and lifted like a weapon ready to be whacked over someone’s head.
And other noises joined the buzzing. The squeaky barking of a soft toy dog, sirens of toy cars, sounds of different musical boxes and a tic-tac from whatever. “It’s getting loud.” John stated. “Seems to be a poltergeist.” He smirked.
"He’s dead", she repeated. "Sometimes I help in a workhouse. Unfortunately I’ve seen too many bodies."
Poor Annabelle Christie. She really needed protection but didn’t get it. She will not even be able to prove it was self-defence, and has to hope the jury will be merciful and willing to believe her. That’s… " Holmes tilted his head and frowned, "sad?
Watson lifted his eye brows. "Oh, I can imagine that. But no, tonight it’s time for a cultural experience. A friend recommended this production. And now shush. The curtain opens." He replied and pressed his friend softly into the seat.
“Hunting ghosts means that we are hunting ghosts. The management contacted me, speaking of inexplicable phenomena. That’s worth a look, isn’t it?”
"I mean you wanted to punish the murderer of Charles Thomas. And now you are holding a knife right to her throat."
Watson faced the actor. "I am Dr John Watson and this is Sherlock Holmes. He’s the right man to be here now, be assured."
His look went back to the body, turning the coat of the costume back from the wounds. "Well, these are two proper stabs. Didn’t you feel any resistance, Hamlet?"
John smiled. “I will get one of those Sherlock bears,” he whispered to himself, “to allay your disappointment, Sherlock, that there aren’t any ghosts.”
“Who?” John hurried to follow him, leaving a trace of Paddington bears as he once again bumped into a shelf.
Only one of the stagehands, Samuel, the one who was sent for the police, is different. He is hardworking, too, but needs more support and advice because he is mentally retarded. Old Thomas picked him up from the street when he was a child, begging in front of the theatre. Ms Newton mentioned that she finds him a bit scary, because he behaves very strangely sometimes. Let’s see… How did she describe him? ‘A poor soul which, if he hadn’t been found by old Thomas, would certainly have died. ` Samuel loved old Thomas like a son his father and was devastated after the accident."
). "Frankly, we're relieved – you were out for a few moments on the set, and then for the ambulance ride and triage – it wasn't more than half an hour, all told, but still."
Oh, God, for one free hand. Sherlock made a vow to himself: Jim Moriarty was not getting out of this alive. One way or another, Sherlock would see him dead.
"We're five minutes late, if that, and you didn't give us any special instructions," John said. "Thanks for knocking and waiting, by the way."
"Ciaran!" The woman turned scarlet. "I'm so sorry, I – Ciaran, apologise to Mr Cumberbatch immediately."
Right; he still had a few things to learn, apparently, one of which was that grief hadn't a timetable. It wasn't as though he hadn't grieved himself. But burrowing into his house and cutting himself off from life wouldn't help John, or Nora for that matter. It certainly wouldn't bring Mary back.
"It's been a long time." Mycroft followed them down the grey corridor that smelled faintly of chemical preservatives. "I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious about why you've deigned to grace us all with your presence."
The bell went off again, and the door began to slide shut. "Oh, dear," Sherlock said. "Guess not. 'Bye, Mycroft." John snorted laughter and put a hand to his mouth to stifle the sound.
"It was a pleasure to meet you." A small crowd of medical staff had gathered round and was smiling timidly at him.
"No." Mary shook her head, her brow creasing. "No, I haven't got anything on. So…just like that? That's –"
The pub, as was to be expected on a Sunday morning, was deserted. Sherlock examined the façade and the surrounding buildings – quiet little shops, also closed and empty, then went round the back of the pub carrying a tyre jack. He chose a window and smashed it in, then scraped the shards of glass from the frame. No alarm sounded, but that wasn't a problem. He got back in the car and drove the remaining distance to Henry's house.
Benedict had tried to soothe him. "I think he wants to keep it sort of subtextual. Honestly, I'd just as soon not have to cope with a million questions about whether or not Sherlock and John are –"
"Took a short-cut. The coppers won't come, Benedict, and if they do, they'll find me at home, alone, reading a book. I'll invite them to have a look around, and they won't find a single scrap of evidence." Henry cast a loving glance at Tom. "It's too bad, really. I'd almost rather that they found you. Then everyone would know. The Burgess Method, they'd call it. But it's early days. We've plenty of time, the three of us."
"I just haven't had a new coat for a while, that's all, much less a spendy one like that. I think Mary thinks I'm cheap. Maybe I am."
"Yes, yes," Sherlock snapped. "Of course, if you'd been up in time, you could have helped me with it."
"I'll call a cab for you." Sherlock bent and kissed John's mouth. "Come on." He led John upstairs to 221B, into his bedroom, and closed the door. Then he kissed John again, his mouth and neck and ear, and explored John's roughly shaven jawline, his throat, the tender vertebral bump at the top of his spine.
Sherlock reached out and stroked his back, shedding his pyjama bottoms with his free hand. He wanted to drink John in slowly and touch every bit of his skin, rough and smooth, but he knew that this would be brief, of necessity, and he'd leave off exhortations to slow down for another time. "The night table."
Sherlock rang off and heaved a sigh. They'd send someone local first, of course, but the unusual circumstances would prevent Henry from escaping. He hoped.
"Pulmonary," John said, and took a sheaf of papers from her outstretched hand. "Thanks very much." He gave the paperwork a cursory glance and sighed. "That'll do, I suppose. I'm sorry to hear it. Sweet man, you know."
The first one he'd read and no lie, it had worried him, but he chalked it up to random weirdness and had chucked it in the bin. He'd done the same with the second, but when the third one had arrived, he'd saved it. And the fourth, and now this one. And they seemed to get progressively more hostile. He hadn't told Luke, nor anyone at the agency, nor the police.
Sherlock opened the bag and scooped up the wallet, tucking it in his jacket pocket. He was still wearing makeup and the filming costume, he realised; oh well, too late now. He leant back, a bit more relaxed, and began to scroll through Cumberbatch's text messages (no password protection – pathetic) to begin discerning patterns.
A thin, vaguely alarming sound, like splintering glass, resounded noisily in Sherlock's skull even before he was fully aware of it. The sound grew louder and louder and then stopped, leaving blessed silence in its wake and bringing Sherlock to partial awareness.
Sherlock lifted one eyebrow. "Well. It's not quite as easy as I'd have surmised, but it's still overwhelmingly silly. People say they love you, and they don't even know you." He cleared his throat. "Although it seems you do have a few sincere friends."
"About caring. Withheld because of pride or stubbornness or hurt, and one tells oneself that it's not truly necessary, that it becomes a distraction or an annoyance. When abeyance alchemises into rigidity and permanence, and when one's mask and suit of thorns melds into the flesh...." Mycroft shook his head again.
Oh, God, another tactical error. Thank God John wasn't around; he'd have been twitting Sherlock liberally over his slipups.
No. Not an option, not even a shred of an option. Sherlock set down his sandwich, gulped at his tea, and opened Google.
Bemused, John let her go. She was growing up too quickly. He wished he could slow time down and watch her closely, be with her every possible moment. Sighing, he cleaned the table and washed the soiled glasses and cutlery, then dropped onto the sofa with a fresh beer and turned on the television, flicking through channels, stopping at an oddly familiar fuzzy photograph.
"Oh! She's in the drawing room, sir. Through there." The young man pointed, giving Mycroft a brilliant smile. His teeth were unnaturally white and straight, like a film star's.
"Thought so. I brought you some tea." He took the extra pillow and propped it beneath Sherlock's spine, angling him upward. "Do you think you'll be sick if you drink just a little?"
"Deck the halls with smelly cat pee, fa la la la la…." Mary stepped down and took the garland. "John. Relax."
As the car crawled past Sherlock, Mycroft watched Sherlock pull his phone from his pocket and sighed again.
Sherlock sat back, waiting for Mycroft to continue. His body was winding down again; he yearned for sleep.
Even given that TWH had been upset and was perhaps attempting to assume a jaunty casualness, the style and the tone seemed more than a bit off…and the lack of an apostrophe in 'we'll'…. Tom's texts were grammatical to an admirable standard, ridiculous sentiment notwithstanding, nearly as precise as Sherlock's texts.
"It's unfortunate that your friend's wife was shot, Sherlock. But I hardly think she's an innocent party. After all, she shot
"Fantastic, thanks for asking," Sherlock replied. Best not to ask for a drink, he decided, though he mightn't have a choice there.
"Starving!" John hung his coat and went into the kitchen. Mary was whisking something in a bowl, and Nora had her homework spread out on the table, but appeared to be doodling instead of working.
"Did you have sex with my brother? Oh, God, why am I not surprised? Hollywood libidos." Not that it was a particle of Cumberbatch's business. Good God,
Sherlock managed to keep his eyes from rolling upward thanks to herculean effort. "And I was thinking it might be a nice sort of tie-in to sponsor a charity do here. For research. You could…oh, I don't know…auction off a date with me."
"Not now, Mrs Hudson," Benedict whispered, brushing past her. He followed the police and John outside, into a battery of eye-watering lights. Press. Parasites in every universe. Immediately, the hectoring began.
"Listen closely, because I'm only going to say this once." Irish accent, not Northern. Western. Galway, or thereabouts. "Go back to London. Stop messing around here. Go tonight."
"So do I." And that was purest, unvarnished truth. Whatever domesticity meant to Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, it surely didn't include stasis. It wasn't the end of their adventures by any means; there would be more cases, many more, and it would have been a lie to say that the spice of danger didn't still beckon – he was only human after all. An extraordinary human, true, but human nevertheless. They fought the good fight, he and John, and being on the side of the angels had to count for something, sometime. If that meant an ageing body with all its attendant indignities, then so be it. He had John. Wonderful, irascible, brave John Watson, who guarded his heart almost as fiercely as Sherlock guarded his own, but who finally, after so many years, had come back home.
"Fine," Sherlock sighed. "Tell him I'm here." He went into the library, thumped into a wing chair next to the glowing, deliciously warm fire, and glanced round indifferently. This room, indeed Mycroft's entire house, was a paean to traditionalism and self-conscious, infinitely dreary good taste. No doubt Mycroft had sensibly scorned the services of an interior designer and selected most of the furnishings on his own, having memorised the contents of his club and a hundred other great houses, but there wasn't a single scrap of whimsy or idiosyncrasy to be seen, unless he was as prudish as one of their Victorian forebears, the sort who never so much as sneezed in public but who had a locked cabinet full of pornographic books and photographs. That might almost make him bearable, come to think of it.
"I'm sorry. He was here a while. Wasn't verbal, but we did what we could." The nurse tapped the papers on the desk to straighten them.
"Why, sure," Moriarty replied. "All you had to do was ask. But isn't there another question you want to ask me?"
"Yeah, sure." The girl opened her desk drawer and got a new key card, fiddled with the card machine for a moment, and handed the card to John. "Tell him to bring the old one when he's got a moment."
"Why not?" Sherlock was thirsty, and a couple of glasses might be just the thing. It was shaping up to be a really peculiar night, even as the past few nights went. He sat at the table and watched Tom dash back and forth, getting glasses and more cooking utensils, then pulling out a block of Pecorino and a bottle.
"Apparently. The man at the counter didn't ask me for money. And he told me to have a fantastic evening."
"I'm not playing your game. Send Sherlock out and I won't drill half a dozen holes in your head." Sweat beaded at John's temples and between his shoulder blades.
The hospital staff insisted on keeping him in a wheelchair until a black Land Rover pulled up to the doors. The orderly patted him on the shoulder. "Here we are." It took all he had not to swat her hand away. It reeked of salad cream.
He'd always found Andrew's performance as Moriarty scarily good in its unpredictability – they'd been filming the tea-and-apple visit just before this nightmare had happened, and Benedict always drew energy from Andrew's work, but he now thought that Sherlock's impatience with Moriarty's theatricality suddenly seemed warranted. "You're boring us both," Benedict said. "Get on with it."
Sherlock thought a moment. It was risky, but who better to pick up cues from than a significant other? He quickly texted a reply:
"Mycroft –" John looked down and smoothed out a crease in the white hospital blanket. "Mycroft asked if you'd had a toxicology screen done."
Research, for one thing. He'd never delved into temporal/spatial anomalies, but there had to be some evidence out there, somewhere, something he could put to practical use. If he couldn't work it out immediately, he could at least gather data.
Rhythmic plundering fogged Benedict's sensibilities to all else. He grasped Tom's hips and thrust, harder and harder until he cried out as his climax washed over his body. He half-collapsed over Tom's back, feeling the tight muscles round his cock clench tighter as Tom finished with a shuddering moan. They stood still, panting, until Benedict slipped out and lowered himself to the shower floor.
"Hey, hey!" Martin crouched close. "Easy. Sherlock, take it easy." He tilted Benedict's chin upward. "Let me see your eyes."
"You'll work something out." John slung the coat over a chair and looked round the room; it hadn't changed much, if at all, in four years. With a pang John realised that the last time he'd seen it was just before their awful fight.
"But you can't expect the Victorian Holmes and Watson to be a couple, they'd never – some of them, though, the romantic themes are really strong. Holmes and Watson are practically bywords for romantic male friendship –"
"Fine." Mycroft rolled his eyes and rose to his feet. "I'll have your things moved at once. I'm going back to London. Going forward, I expect situation reports, Sherlock."
Raw panic flooded Benedict's nervous system, and it took every drop of ability he was able to wring from the depths of his actorly soul to simply lie still and stare dead-eyed at Mycroft Holmes, sombrely attired in blue pinstriped worsted and a conservative wine-coloured tie that was more beautifully knotted than Benedict had ever been able to manage on his best day.
Another half hour passed, and still no Ben. Tom frowned up at the ceiling. Was it common for electrical shocks to lay one low? He'd have to look that up. Benedict wasn't an up-with-the-birds sort of guy, but he tried to keep a regular schedule, and their time together was rare enough for them to make an effort…it must have been the shock combined with a tough work week, Tom concluded, and cleaned up after himself, piling dishes in the dishwasher and neatening the worktops. It was still early enough to get a run in, so he found his shoes and slipped them on.
Logically, the situation was unprecedented…but in a very broad sense, the notion of a stranger-in-a-strange-land wasn't. Therefore, what to do? Play along as he'd been doing, yes (and if Vertue the Television Woman and TWH the Vacant Boyfriend were fooled, then the likelihood of fooling everyone else was good). It was a universe with London, with hospitals and taxicabs and the internet and doctors in unhappy three-way relationships – not, as it happened, that far from his own reality. But how to find a way out? Some sort of spatial porthole? Open a cupboard and fall into another universe?
some of the side effects of electrical shock. Besides, you didn't have any trouble telling all those other people the same thing."
John chortled. "That sounds familiar." He looked round the flat again. "Not a lot's changed here. Same furniture, all that."
"I'm not making demands, John." It wasn't a difficult thing to say, even if it wasn’t the truth. Better to enjoy temporary bliss whilst they could. How long could he lie? Months, years? And when would Mary realise what was happening?
. "I need to get back to the set," Sherlock snapped. Not that he wasn't doing a superb job as Benedict Cumberbatch – clearly no-one had seen anything amiss – but this was becoming boring, and besides, John wasn't stupid – if he and Cumberbatch
something Mycroft would have approved of or indeed allowed to come within two metres of his body. He yanked the front of the briefs down and saw Mark's cock, swelling, reddening. He bent close, inhaling the clean, slightly musky odour, and grasping Mark's hips, drew his tongue up the underside of his brother's cock.
"It sounds –" John uttered a harsh laugh. "It sounds like Moriarty." Mycroft's expression didn't change. He remained silent as John scrutinised him. "Mycroft. Tell me he's not alive."
Vivid blotches of colour stood out on Moriarty's cheeks. "Pace yourself, honey. Don't piss me off all at once."
Thoroughly creeped out, Tom staggered against the door frame and put a hand out, warding him off. He wasn't a Catholic and neither was Ben, but he wouldn't have been averse to an exorcist at this moment. "You're scaring me."
As ever, profuse thanks are due to kimberlite and vilestrumpet for their close, careful beta and Britpicking.
John nodded, then heaved himself to his feet. "I'll see you in a bit." He disappeared again, leaving Benedict alone.
Throwing back the covers, John lurched out of bed, tripping over something, staggering forward a few steps, and bracing his hand against the wall. He turned back and saw that he'd tripped over his own shoes, laid out neatly at the foot of the bed. He was dressed except for his coat, which was draped over the desk chair, and the shoes.
Nora's tone was a mélange of trepidation, mild disgust, and intrigue, a perfectly healthy nine-year-old reaction to the prospect of death and cremation, in John's opinion. At nine, Nora had never experienced death firsthand, nor been to a funeral. John had done several times over at her age. That was extended Catholic families, though. He wasn't sure that it had done him any harm, but he wasn't really sorry that Nora was still so innocent. "I doubt it. I think they'll probably bury the ashes in St. Louis."
"I've got a –" But no. No, he didn't have a doctor. Not in this universe. "Not necessary," he said. "Thanks all the same." Henry put his hand out to help Sherlock up, but Sherlock waved it away and picked himself up, testing his balance in a crouch before rising to his feet. He felt fine, not dizzy at all, but he was still in Cumberbatch's London in this stupid restaurant with these stupid, stupid,
That tore it. He had to get out. He couldn't stay a moment longer. There had to be a way back. If he went back to Cardiff, back to that set – possibly there was a portal, for lack of a better word, some way back to his London. He should have stayed put in the first place, but there was nothing else for it now. He'd electrocute himself again if he had to.
A flush crept into John's face. Mary didn't know about the racing. "Yeah. Text me." He and Mary got up to see Sherlock off. "Do you want a lift home?"
Mary sighed. "I told you that you didn't have to do this. You can still back out, but…I want to see her. She's the only family I've got now, beside you and Nora." She transferred the garland to the coffee table and laid her hand on the side of his cheek. "I know how upsetting this must be."
Food! Benedict went to the fridge and opened it. Carton of milk, bag of wilted lettuce, containers of takeout food, old stub of cheese, bottles of sauce, vinegar, plastic-covered plate of…something unidentifiable. Spleens, perhaps/ Benedict closed the refrigerator door and concentrated.
"Good." Loo pulled back and smiled at him. "Because you're tense, and I think you need to relax a bit." Slowly, her legs wound round him, pulling him against the lower cupboard. Her knees pressed against his thighs. "And I can think of a few ways to help."
Ben snorted disdainfully. He took the wire from John's wrists and tossed it aside, then began to pluck at the tape over John's mouth. "This might hurt a bit. Sorry." John winced as the tape came off, taking a little skin with it. "Sorry."
"I haven't been fainting because I'm sick. I've been fainting because…well, every time it happens, I enter this really bizarre sort of, erm, spatial and temporal anomaly. Have you ever heard of the multiverse?"
He believed that – not necessarily as some airy manifesto of the supernatural, but as a student, always learning, always receptive to new and, yes, even outrageous ideas. And sometimes, even a rational soul required an extraordinary leap of faith. And if anything required a leap of faith, the events of the last few days, considered as a whole, certainly did.
At last, he found his voice. "Do you want him to work on the case or not, Mycroft? Sherlock said it was important to you." Both brothers glanced at John as if startled. John straightened to his full height. "Well? Either you do or you don't."
One day last autumn, he and Tom had gone out for lunch, just a casual, relaxed sort of thing with no handlers, no entourage, and no expectations. Tom had kept his knee pressed to Benedict's the entire time, and while it hadn't been candlelight and violins, it had been lovely, an exploration from the warm and slightly shy camaraderie they'd shared filming
Sherlock crouched next to the corpse. His injured joint groaned in protest; reluctantly he lowered himself to his good knee and balanced cautiously. "The maid found her? Where is she?"
in you, Sherlock," Moriarty said petulantly. "I mean…I go to all this trouble to engage you because I know how bored you are, and I know you were intrigued – you couldn't fake that, I know you tried, and hey, maybe I didn't do it soon enough, because you went and got a flatmate, which is just…okay, I didn't know you needed the money. I could have lent you some dosh, and that's on me. I fully admit that. But now –" Moriarty dragged a hand through his hair. "I
Impatient, Sherlock pushed the door open and stepped inside, and turned just in time to see something large and black heading for the side of his face. The sound and sudden sickening impact of what felt like a rubber mallet collided in his skull just behind his left ear, and he gave a strangled cry before toppling to the floor like a felled tree.
John ripped off a used length of sanitary paper from the examining table and launched it at the waste bin. "Whoosh."
Would Mary help Sherlock, or hinder him? Sherlock knew about her secrets and had kept them long ago; that was his only hope now. He didn't think that Mary would feel vengeful about his and Sherlock's relationship, given that she'd said she'd known…but he didn't really know
Tom could scarcely see through the burning pain. His eyes teared again, streaming freely, but he held as still as he could. Maybe Henry wouldn't kill him if he cooperated. Maybe –
"Thanks. We'll worry about the repair bill later." Sherlock went to the last cabinet on the right and found the stainless pin, then inserted it into the lock. "Find anything interesting?"
Sherlock got his phone out. "I'm forwarding Mycroft's list of plundered art. Start checking pieces off. Look for a connection to Dedalus, or Meredith Howe."
When Sherlock finished talking, he leant back against the sofa and blew a breath out. His throat was dry, his voice raspy. TWH was staring at him with wide eyes. To his credit, though, he hadn't interrupted Sherlock's explanation with a million inane questions. He'd simply listened with enormous interest.
Kate reached out and stroked Irene's face. She felt tears threatening, but wouldn't allow them to fall. "Why won't you take me with you?"
John had heard that noncommittal noise before. "Don't worry, I'll see that he follows instructions," he said, shaking her hand. "Thanks, Dr Roche." He took a quick look at the X-ray before ushering Sherlock out the door. Christ, life was unpredictable. Best to take the good things and hold them close.
He tightened and tuned the strings minutely, making the most cautious adjustments possible. Setting the bow against the strings again, he played a few arpeggios, wondering what would suit this exquisite instrument best. Something of his own? No…something to reflect his current mood, something light-hearted. Ahh – he had just the thing:  Boccherini, passacalle, Madrid. Short, sprightly perfection.
At length she twisted to look at her mother again, and glanced questioningly at the nurse, who seemed to be mildly psychic. "You can touch her hand, sweetheart, and her face, very gently. You can kiss her."
They went out and found a cab in short order. "8 King Street, St James's, please," Sherlock said as he climbed in.
. The paramedics are going to be here any second. Well done trying to distract me, but it didn't work." The high whining drone of a siren sounded in the distance and drew nearer. "Ah-ha – there they are now."
Three sharp raps sounded at the door, and Sherlock got up, glad his knee felt spry once more. It wouldn't do to be seen hobbling toward the door like an invalid. He opened it and saw a tall, lean man, blondish, pale-eyed, in dark clothing. His left hip was canted slightly, weighted by a semi-automatic sidearm, but his hands were empty, held easily at his sides. He didn't resemble the blurry Wikipedia photo of Nick Dedalus. "Sebastian Moran, I presume."
"Yeah – how about 'She sells seashells by the seashore. The shells she sells are surely seashells. So if she sells shells on the seashore, I'm sure she sells seashore shells.'" Peter chortled at his own petulant wit.
," Sherlock replied enthusiastically. "But you needn't bother. I have other engagements to occupy my time. What time tomorrow afternoon will he return?"
"Nah," Moriarty said. "It's fun. It was fun in Serbia, too, watching you. Twenty whole seconds before you started screaming, Sherlock. That's impressive. Beats the time in clinical conditions, you know. I still have the video. Think you can beat your own time?"
Benedict allowed himself to be led, and followed Mrs Hudson wordlessly through the crush. She closed the door shut on a dozen goading questions and shook her head. "Vultures. Sherlock, what on earth's happened?"
"There are a few museums who might be interested," Sherlock replied. "The necklace, though, straight to the Jewish Museum. Maybe they can trace its origins."
"Arsehole!" someone bellowed just before the doors closed.  Sherlock turned to salute them in kind, but the train was already pulling away.
John and Sherlock were nothing alike. John was emotional, not brilliant, not particularly independent. The stream of girlfriends proved that last; he was obviously one of those people who couldn't bear to be without a partner no matter how stupid or volatile or tedious, the sort of person who engendered Sherlock's contempt. Having a flatmate, or amiable company on a case, wasn't the same thing as a partner. Partners, as far as Sherlock understood, were people who spent their free time together, had the same interests, the same friends, the same tastes, the same gloppy sentiments about each other, who were so lockstep-deadly-boring that Sherlock itched just thinking about it.
"All right." Sherlock tipped a wave at Nora and pivoted on his heel, attempting a casual stroll out of the churchyard whilst his knee screamed the mad scene from
"I'm interested in one of your associates, Mr Guthrie," Sherlock interrupted. "Not on the books, as such – more of an unofficial liaison."
Reluctantly, John opened his eyes and saw the back of a head, dark, short hair, thick neck, unremarkable. Adjusting his eyes to the dimness of the car, he made out a face – a lean, blondish man with sharp features. He also discerned a black hole, .50 calibers if he wasn't very much mistaken.  And he didn't think he was. He reckoned that the firearm had been the hard object that had knocked him unconscious, and that the man holding the weapon was the elusive Sebastian Moran.
Opening his mouth to continue the counter-attack, Sherlock caught a glimpse of Tom's face. He'd been around John long enough to understand its expression:  evidently he'd made some sort of social gaffe. John usually demanded apologies, but Tom simply stood still, waiting for him.
"I did. You didn't believe me." Benedict grinned wryly. "Not that I blame you. I wouldn't have believed me either."
There was John, of course, if they kept to their current trajectory…no, unlikely. Besides, John drank too much and would probably give himself a rage-induced stroke within the next twenty years. And then Mycroft. Statistically, Mycroft would likely go first, and even were that not the case, they had very little to say to each other. Neither had ever been a dab hand at sharing their feelings, and the occasional outbursts of fraternity usually culminated in embarrassed silence and one or the other leaving abruptly. Well, millions of people flourished alone, either by choice or necessity. He'd manage – he always did. He didn't particularly relish the thought of dying alone in 221B only to be discovered weeks later when the smell drifted out of the house, but he'd be dead and wouldn't give a damn, so what did it matter?
"Oh, come on," Henry said, and took a swig from the beer glass, draining the whisky in a draught. Ice clinked musically. "Not even Peter is that much of a prick. I tried to get him to come, but he's busy tonight banging some bird, apparently."
"But you think it was pressure drop?" John tentatively pulled his hand away from his nose. He was getting used to the smell. One got used to frequent odours in 221B; the problem was that he thought he was becoming desensitised to it. More than once he'd brought a girlfriend by and watched, chagrined, as they'd wrinkled their noses in disgust. "Not the usual bachelor-flat fragrance, is it?" Sarah had chirped gamely. Hers had been by far the kindest reaction.
"It was burnt black on the outside and raw inside. I vomited for two days." Sherlock moved his head back and scowled. His close vision wasn't…no, it was fine.
far off. "It was an accident." Sherlock did his best not to glare, but for one of the first times in his life, he was flummoxed, and the sight of this fraud in his poncy clothes and shoulder bag, wearing John Watson's face and talking in John Watson's voice was nigh on unbearable.
with him? He still loved her. He should have been overjoyed at the idea. Money and a working marriage was loads more than most people had. Then why, why for fuck's sake, was his heart stammering in his chest and why did he feel horribly constricted?
on his desk and presence in hospital on a Saturday night. "What can I say – I just think research is really important."
"'Night." John stared at his magazine, not really seeing the words or pictures printed on the page. He knew he should have been thinking about Mary, her grief, their changing financial situation, but his brain kept leaping ahead to the day after tomorrow. Almost tomorrow, in fact.
"How slow do you think I am?" Sherlock demanded. "God, Mycroft. Why'd you bother coming if you're just going to slog behind me and annoy me?"
"Yeah, I guess everybody eventually fills their space, no matter how big it is. I'm just sort of relieved we're past the stage of prams and nappy bags and wheeled toys everywhere. Occasionally there's an explosion of stuffed pets, but mostly they're contained." He stuck his nose into the blooms. "That's lovely. What are these?"
“I do hope so.” Mycroft shook Greg’s extended hand. He focussed on Greg’s face, perhaps imagining him in eyeliner. “Thank you for stopping by.”
"That's a sensible lad," the man said approvingly. "Now for your own safety, Mr Holmes, listen to me. Your safety, and your friend's."
Sherlock touched John frequently, going so far as to grasp John's face. He interrupted John's dates. He never disputed the frequent assumptions that he and John were a couple – that was John's job. And oh, wasn't it witty, but Sherlock never said
Sherlock blew a breath out. The poor sod was certainly trying, he supposed. Now to read up on this Arthur Conan Doyle….
He allowed himself to be dragged up, and let Tom lead the way upstairs to a bedroom nearly the size of the front room and kitchen of 221B combined. Tidy and a bit too sybaritic for his tastes, it was done in a profusion of soft greys and greens, with too much unnecessary and clearly unused furniture.
"Mycroft wanted privacy," Sherlock said, relieving her of the carrier bags and glancing inside. "I told you they have equipment."
John pinned Benedict's wrists to the floor and swung astride him. His thighs clamped round Benedict's waist, he leant close. "Stay. Down."
But there wasn't time. Sherlock had…he'd surged, somehow, and he and Jim didn't quite fit any longer. He'd find out for certain in a few hours.
"Yes. Yes. I'll leave you to it," Sherlock said. He half-turned, then turned back to Nora and crouched, ignoring the sudden howling in his knee. "I'm so sorry about your mummy. She was a very good friend to me and I'm going to miss her."
"Aw, that's nice," Moriarty said. "Now put the gun down or Seb shatters his head. His skull's thick, but not
It wasn't the most vulgarly expensive house on Charles Street, which was saying something, Mycroft supposed. Even done up in fairy lights and garlands in deference to the season, or perhaps simply to the idea of general festivity, its classical façade remained graceful and serene, a testament to solidity and craftsmanship, a sturdy bulwark against an ever-encroaching horde of plate glass and raw metal and polished concrete, oddly lavatorial in a city he'd always considered beautiful beyond compare. He'd never admit it to the house's owner, but it soothed him to come here.
They went on. Benedict stayed alert for other changes, but everything seemed essentially the same. Young person, photographs, Ms. Adler informed the Palace the photographs were in her possession, no plans to use them. Et cetera, et cetera.
Benedict held the phone tightly, his heart hammering in his ears, sick despair and desperate hope washing over him in a vast simultaneous wave.
She yanked the hem of her blouse out of the waistband of her trousers. "Shh." Her hands went to his crotch, slipped between their bodies, and caressed. "Shh."
Did some people become beautiful over time, or was it that they'd always been beautiful, but it took a while to notice? The changes in Sherlock's face and body had been so gradual, a slow-bending shadow in the sun. Jim had watched him so long. He'd given Sherlock so much space. There'd been ample time for contemplation, or so he'd thought.
Nora was delighted with her gifts:  two sets of books – a popular series about a family of ghosts, the premise of which John found utterly perplexing, and a set of books about a young girl who was a world explorer; a scarf, hat, and mittens in candy-floss pink; a chess set – she didn't play but John intended to teach her; the Mah-Jongg set she'd begged for; a little gold necklace holding a cartouche spelling out her name in hieroglyphics; a stuffed penguin (she slept surrounded by her stuffed animals, careful to have all of them touching her so none of their feelings would be hurt); and a stocking packed with a chocolate orange, nuts, little girly hair ornaments, a Rubik's Cube, and a few other bits and bobs. She sat back amongst a pile of torn paper and sighed in contentment. "Best Christmas ever." She turned the cube's moving rows back and forth.
"Tresler was a small cog, but smart enough to escape before the Allies got to Berlin," Sherlock went on. "He fled to Argentina with his family. Kerstin's brother Rudolf died of a fever, and eventually the family made its way back to Europe, jumping from country to country, always a step ahead of the Nazi hunters."
"Lestrade's sending a car. Something that can't wait, apparently." Benedict slipped the phone back into his pocket.
A shiver of commingled annoyance and anticipation coursed down Sherlock's spine, and then he flinched involuntarily as a pair of arms encircled his upper body from behind, and lips brushed against his ear.
Moran surveyed him dispassionately, head tilted to one side. "You know," he said conversationally, "a group of British soldiers caught me once with a couple of mates. For once I wasn't doing a bloody thing, but they hauled me in for a few hours all the same. Wouldn't tell them who I was. They stripped me naked and beat me. It hurt like all fucking hell, Mr Holmes."
Benedict managed to get seven hours of sleep in Sherlock's not-terribly-comfortable bed before the mobile shrilled next to him. Actually, shrilled wasn't quite the word – it played the first eight notes of Beethoven's Fifth. Startled, blinking, Benedict scrabbled for the mobile and answered sleepily. "Hello?"
Benedict cupped his hand round the light and leant forward, noting with an inward (and probably an outward) shudder that the man's hands were exactly –
"She's going to bring up events I've never talked about and people you don't know. You don't have to stay. I'll make an excuse for you. I don't mind. And I'm sorry it happened, but it
"Don't believe everything you hear." Sherlock felt a little more at ease; Conran was listening. And from further away, he heard the sound of quietly approaching footsteps. "You can't get to the case unless I take you. It's wired."
"Why? You said it yourself – there's nothing to be done but wait. Besides, it's not Cumberbatch who's –" He broke off, tightening his mouth.
"What? Oh, yeah." John offered Sherlock a quick smile and dropped his eyes back to the journal. "Yeah, I'm trying to write an article for the RAMC Journal on wound closure, and this is just a…you know, a reference. I've sort of fallen out of the writing thing, but I thought I'd give this a try. Stay in the game a bit. Been a while since I've…erm…written."
Benedict went on the offence; seemed to work last time. "Yes. Lovely of you to drop by for no apparent reason."
"Good. He was elderly, but there's still a possibility –" A telephone shrilled from somewhere inside the house.
After what seemed days and days, there was a scraping at his door, and a groan of hinges. Jim kept his eyes closed.
"I think so. John, if you let me up, I will demonstrate any sort of hand-eye coordination, proof of a steadily beating heart, motor and balance skills, whatever you like. Just let me –" He surged up again.
Benedict shook his head. "No. Wait, yes! This is a little odd, and it's been bothering me just a bit. I've felt things – or known things that aren't in my ordinary scope of comprehension. Sherlock's mobile number, for one. Also, I had this stray, weird burst of knowledge about automatic weapons, and just this morning, or afternoon, rather, I had…I felt…." He glanced at John, watching the proceedings with concern, then at Mycroft, who was peering at him curiously. "It was just an emotion that was unfamiliar to me."
Heat crawled up John's neck. "Well, we're – we work together a lot. And you talked about your life, so it makes sense that I –"
Sherlock paused to examine a portrait hanging on one wall. It depicted a dark-haired, pale-skinned woman in a full-skirted late eighteenth-century dress of butter yellow, creamy pearls at her throat and adorning her ears. A smile curved her red-lipped mouth, but her expression was distinctly unamused.
"He keeps forgiving you, though. So either he's dumber than I thought, or he's just that pathetically lonely, or you're a tiger in the sack." Moriarty smirked. "I don't know. I hope to God it's option C. Gross as that is to contemplate."
The flat was cold; he'd neglected to heat it in his preoccupation with the case. He turned the gas up, limped to the wall socket, and plugged in his little strands of Christmas lights illuminating the window and mantel. An experimental sniff informed him that Donovan hadn't been exaggerating. He smelled terrible, and the odour emanated from his coat – probably he
Now John stood in the centre of the front room, looking this way and that for stray bits of ordinary house-mess. As he moved to fan out the magazines on the coffee table, the doorbell shrilled once. John jumped like a scalded cat. "Jesus Christ –"
John waited until he had gone, then turned to his daughter. "Just sit here and watch telly, love. I'll try not to take too long."
I'll be there in ten minutes. Right, right." He rang off and pressed his hands together. "Give me strength."
"How is she?" John handed Sherlock a pharmaceutical bindle and dropped a glassine envelope on the table.
Molly looked at Janine’s beautiful, totally open countenance. She hadn’t shagged Sherlock. And she’d fancied him, but in the end he hadn’t wanted her and it was all right, she was all right, she wasn’t nursing her memories. And John….
His entire body trembling – and he needed to pee still, but it had faded a bit to an embarrassing inconvenience – Tom ascended the chilly stairs. His heart gave an unpleasant lurch as he got to the top and saw Benedict tied up on the floor, mouth taped, his eyes fluttering. A copper stir-fry pan sat on a wooden island, and Tom suspected that was the source of the awful clang he'd heard. Henry had knocked Ben unconscious.
"Thank you. It was exhausting. I don't know how Sherlock manages. He really is brilliant." Benedict slumped in his chair, wiped out from emotion and revelations.
Dispassionately, she waited to see if the chest-thumping and howling would come to blows, but after a few moments the parties fell back, snarling and muttering before slinking off in opposite directions. Mary rubbed her eyes and took a deeper swig of her coffee. It had been a hell of a long night, and it wasn't over yet. Time, in fact, to get this show on the road.
"It's sort of rotten to ask this, but…we, all of us, would really appreciate it if you didn't mention what happened on set. We've got such good press, and it was honestly a freak accident –"
Not Sherlock. Not…she was wrong. Sherlock had his vulnerabilities, to be sure – Johnny Watson, the old lady downstairs, the silver-fox cop – now
There was something in that last that sounded slightly bitter, but Benedict might have been imagining things. "We don't have to, if it bothers you."
Stephen downed the syrupy-smooth liquid and let out a harsh breath. "And you're playing your cards close to the chest, Sebastian. Some things never change, do they?"
Sherlock let out a long-suffering exhalation of breath. He lifted his lanky frame from the chair and in one fluid movement was crouching in front of John. “John. Must I draw a picture?”
"You were talking about the sheep farmer the other night. He gave Mr Holmes halothane," Nora said, mispronouncing the word slightly, as if it were the shiny bit that went round an angel's head. "I looked it up. Mum said you can't really get it anymore, it's illegal."
Turning back to Henry, Tom snarled at him through the wadded tea towel, trying to mask utter defeat. There had to be a way out of this, had to –
The sheep farmer yanked him up by the collar of his coat. The pain spiked in his head, far worse than his bad knee, and he struggled not to vomit. Distantly, he heard footsteps ascending the stairs. "John –"
The nurse cut two locks of Mary's hair and put them in the envelope. She laid the envelope on a table and smiled gently at John and Nora. "I'll let you have a bit of time with her."
John sighed a little. The coat had been gorgeous, but he hadn't even given himself the luxury of trying it on. "Oh, Mary…I don't mind about the dress, but…."
Sherlock sighed inwardly. "That would be perfect. It's rather urgent, you see. Could we go somewhere private?" More people were gathering, and charm was becoming tedious already.
Henry's reassuring tone gave Tom a tiny measure of hope. He pressed his lips together – it hurt to do, but better than having his mouth prised open for hours – and dared to meet Henry's gaze. "Henry," he croaked, "this is a really, really bad joke."
Sherlock moved close to John again and unexpectedly took John's hand in his. The candlepower in his face still burned, but at a lower wattage. "It's true life is full of risks. You can go to Spain, John, and wrap yourself and Nora in cotton wool, but it doesn’t mean there won't be heartache, or uncertainty, or even harm or death."
"Trying to quit," he mumbled, though he craved a smoke so badly his whole body twitched in need. He'd been planning one, just one tonight, but now he yearned to snatch the proffered box and stuff them all in his mouth at once. He took the fag with a trembling hand and put it between his lips, fumbling for a lighter. No goddamned lighter.
Benedict chuckled. That was a detail they hadn't bothered to explore on the show. He looked at the roll of bin liner in his hand. He'd opened the drawer and pulled it out without a second thought, as if he'd expected it to be there. It wasn't a detail from the show, either, although he (and not Martin) had gone through the kitchen, sorting things in his head.
"Do you have a thing for your brother or something?" Tom pushed his plate away. "God, never mind, don't answer that. And you had sex with
Benedict opened his eyes. "I'm up." He tried to rise into a sitting position and John, his face ever so slightly red from exertion – or maybe his day at the beach – gently, but firmly, pushed him back down again.
He took the tea and biscuits back to the sofa and pulled the laptop close. Password protected. Fuck.
"No. No, just…just me." God, was it a separated-at-birth thing? Had his parents lied to him for some bizarre reason, some fucked-up
He stepped back and gazed at the shell of the man everyone thought he was. What now? Go out and pretend nothing was wrong, that he hadn't caused Irene Adler's death, that he wasn't persona non grata in a Sherlock Holmes suit, or come clean. So they'd put him in a bin for a while – he was probably better off there. And everyone around him would be safer.
"It was an accident Mr. Walker," Nicole said, her features defiant even if her tone was respectful. She'd had enough disappointments from her father to know what to expect from men like Mr. Walker.
Mycroft had said very recently that he hadn't worried about Sherlock half as much as he used to since 'Dr. Watson established himself at 221 B' and Greg had readily agreed John had been a fixture in Sherlock's life for so long that Greg had almost forgotten what it was like before, chasing Sherlock into filthy houses, dragging him to the hospital, and waiting in utter silence with Mycroft, listening to the heart monitors lonely beeping. Lestrade frowned and shook himself, unsettled by the long buried memories resurrected with such sharp clarity. He pulled out his phone and immediately sent John a series of texts.
Mr. Murphy's office was behind two solid, glossy wooden doors with gold inlay. The secretary, busily typing away behind her desk just outside, glanced once at Marcus and said nothing to impede their progress.
the environment and the people, especially after the performance, when the dancers would mingle with the patrons and sign autographs. The lanky bastard had yet to point out exactly what information he was hoping to obtain, but John hoped it would be useful. Especially considering...
John wasn't sure if that was another plea for John to change his mind, or an attempt to change the topic subtly, or something else... It had no right to, but somehow, it felt like a warning. A chill ran silently down John's spine as he replied, "Well, if I found myself in love I would have to deal with that then. I'm certainly not going to help the process along when things are still so chaotic. It would be irresponsible."
He hadn't waited for a reply, chucking his phone in a sewer grate soon after his furtive exit from 221 B. Still, he knew Wiggins would be there... He really didn't deserve such loyalty, but he was grateful for it all the same.
John blinked, opened his mouth, and swallowed, licking his lips. He didn't know what to say. "You...you've been writing my sister?"
Greg nodded thoughtfully. "I will have to bring this information to my supervisors," he said slowly. "They will need to know the truth, and then we can explore our options."
Silently, Mycroft thrust a thin, crumpled envelope into John's hands. The motion was so quick that John had to grasp tightly at the paper, lest he drop it into the hallway. Mycroft nodded jerkily, turned on his heel, and was gone.
"If I need air or a break," Marcus interjected, his eyes locked with John's, "I'll tap your hip." Marcus licked his lips and John watched as Marcus took him in his mouth again.
Right, one thing at a time. John crossed again to Sherlock's side. "You're going to have to come out of that blanket," he said softly. Sherlock grunted softly and did not move. "Can you swallow anything?"
"Right." The security guard and his partner turned, and made way for the orderlies, who had listened to Sherlock's first order without question, and were wheeling a gurney into the room. Sherlock stepped back, waiting until both orderlies were completely in the room before pulling the needle from John's arm. The two orderlies transferred John's listless body from the cot onto the gurney and Sherlock followed them out of the room, passing the syringe to one of the flustered guards as he went.
"Damn," John muttered, running a hand over his face. This story was layers upon layers of ugliness…but he saw no malicious gleam in Sherlock's eyes. He was just telling the story as it was. "What happened next?"
Arms came around John's middle from behind, and although John started slightly, he ultimately leaned back against Marcus's chest.
John pulled back slowly, his eyes opening to meet Sherlock's questioning gaze. "Why did you stop?" Sherlock murmured.
Once his hands were free again, John reached for Marcus's shirt, tugging the shirtsleeves from his trousers. John's fingers stayed at Marcus's waist for a moment, pushing against the warm skin the gap revealed. Marcus sucked in a breath when John's fingers started their work on the buttons of his oxford shirt, starting from the bottom up.
James smiled back and let his hand come to rest on John's knee. "Well, keep me in mind once this whole mess is over with. My offer still stands."
John let out a long sigh. Apparently, it didn't matter that he was exhausted from packing up, and helping his sister make arrangements, or that he still had all his unpacking to do! No one would make this place more habitable except himself. He squared his shoulders and marched towards the steps. The only way to start on a project this massive, was one
"John!" his cry echoed in the cold, empty building... That's right. He'd forgotten. John had left hours ago, too triggered by Sherlock's deterioration to stay. Mrs. Hudson had come up a few minutes later and made some concerned inquiries before shuffling out herself. He'd heard her put on her long coat, gather up her purse and head outside, locking the door behind her. She kept a very regular schedule. It was Wednesday...grocery shopping day. ...He was alone...
John looked at the paper and shrugged. "Sure," he replied, handing it over. "If you know any cheap medical supply places, I'd love to have their address."
"I fell to pieces. I'd never gone to university. I was just working at a bakery and trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my life. Johnny had barely started pre-med, and he was so... calm. I know we were both adults, but I've never felt more like a little kid," she hiccupped and sobbed, "a kid whose parents really were
Sherlock's gaze dropped to the floor as John passed, unwilling to witness John's expression when he discovered the truth. He heard John's footsteps come to an abrupt halt just behind him. Sherlock flinched when he heard John sniffing around, drawing air and information deep into his lungs. Even though Sherlock was revealing himself to John, he was still wracked with indecision. John had been the only alpha that had ever made him wonder, that had ever made him want, but he still didn't know if he
John laughed, despite his best efforts not to. It was just so absurd the turn his life had taken in such a short period of time. The last time his world had turned so completely on its head had begun one of the happiest periods of his life thus far... One couldn't ask for such a miracle twice.
Sherlock's face didn't betray the slightest twitch. If anything, mirth seemed to be dancing behind his eyes as he pushed John's chair in for him. John bit back a sigh. He shouldn't have sunk to Sherlock's level, but the man was beyond infuriating.
"It's not always about money, surprisingly enough," Sherlock drawled. There is always someone in every village, city or town, who knows what you need to know, and will tell you without even thinking about it. You just need to know who to ask."
"Huh," John murmured, looking back at his glass. He'd heard of people who could distinguish smells and flavors like that. Sometimes it was a genetic advantage, other times it was the result of hard work and study, but the idea of such easy detection made him think of Sherlock.
"He said that, next time, I should accept, and split the money with him while feeding Mycroft falsified information."
The words 'be happy' were shaky, as though Alexander hadn't been sure whether or not to write them, as if he couldn't help himself. John smiled. He could tell he was dealing with a man who didn't let others in often, and he felt honored that Alexander had opened up to him.
Immediately the energy shifted. Janet and Kevin focused one cleanup, and Eric stepped away from the gurney with an exhausted sigh. "You don't give up easy, do you?"
John's eyes narrowed in thought. Was this really something? Or was he jumping at shadows? Unable to quash his curiosity, John licked his lips and asked, "Could...could I see it?"
?" John didn't look out the door, forced himself not to turn and glance at 221 Baker Street. He'd sworn he'd never come back here so many times, and it had taken a serial killer to get him to return even the one time... "Whatever the plan is, you can forget it. I want to see Harry, I need to make sure she's alright."
John shook himself out of his reverie as Mary walked back into the sitting room, having just cleaned her wine glass.
fancy anyone." He shook his head in disbelief, "Even if he did, he would have the damndest way of showing it."
John rolled his eyes and bent to scoop the paper off the floor. If he didn't at least try to stay on top of Sherlock's mess it would engulf the building. "What or who, specifically, is wrong this time?" he asked, setting the paper down on the low table by the sofa, along with Sherlock's tea, and taking a drink from his own mug of tea. This felt like the beginnings of a case, and he'd better get some fluids inside him while he had the chance.
John's eyes flickered up to Sherlock's for a moment then he looked away again. There was a warmth in Sherlock's eyes that John had always thought was there, but now it was so easy to see it was suffocating. This was an act. It
his suspicions had been right. She'd found something, something damning, and now he really would have to do something about it.
believer in Sherlock Holmes, he certainly hoped he wasn't. Even if he was, that wouldn't change his position. He would believe in, respect...and love Sherlock Holmes for a s long as he lived.
Mary gave him an amused smile. "Thank you. You don't look half bad yourself." She leaned forward and brushed at his shoulder, as if brushing some lint away. "I just got the call, the cab is waiting.
Getting suppressants was difficult, however. Omega's were encouraged to, even expected to mate and breed. And the medical literature might show solid evidence of the determent of long-term suppressants on one's life span, a consequence Sherlock was now facing, but that hadn't mattered to Sherlock. All that mattered was getting his control back.
John didn't stop, however. Instead he growled softly and scraped his teeth over Sherlock's neck before moving up to nibble at his ear, while his hand continued its ministrations unabated. Sherlock groaned softly, feeling himself about to tumble over the edge. He wasn't frightened or uncomfortable, far from it, but this couldn't end now. "B-Brain dead," he finally gasped.
Sherlock turned his smug expression on John. "One never knows when little old ladies might be neighbors of a suspect. They're better than any security system I've ever seen."
Sherlock furrowed his brow and stared at her for a long moment. "Your quite skilled with makeup. Most people would not have recognized you as the assistant to that ballerina upon seeing you again."
Sherlock dropped his voice a few octaves as he slid his hand into John's robe.  "Last night on the other hand..."
Mary searched John's face, pinning him with her gaze and seeming to look through all the layers that weighed him down. "I know that you loved him the first time I met you." She smiled slightly and shook her head. "You should've seen the look on your face when you said his name."
"I merely recommended a place and a time where her practice might prove most beneficial," Sherlock murmured, the long fingers of his right hand coming up to stroke over the skin of John's cheek and neck.
Sherlock followed him down a short series of halls and into what appeared to be a small filing room. It looked like a filing office at least, but it was badly disguised. It
John's eyes flittered over to Moriarty's body, the head was obviously sunken and there were no movements indicating breath, so it definitely was a body now. That thought bothered him much less than it probably should have. He had thought James was a friend, had flirted with the possibility of... But if Sherlock said that James would have killed him, John believed him. He trusted Sherlock, and the story could come later.
He was not bereft of his contempt for mundane maintenance of his transport, nor had he lost his vigor for winning an argument. Ultimately, giving in was easier than fighting. It took less time, and he had so little time left... It was a logical and economic use of his resources to let John have his way.
There was a lengthy pause before the woman on the other end of the line replied. "Is Laurali Holmes related to you in some way?"
Sherlock looked casually over at Bryan standing up at the podium, with Nathan just behind him, and his mother and sister standing a little ways behind them both. It wouldn't be long now...
With a frustrated sigh John rolled over and tried to get comfortable on his side. He hadn't been sleeping terribly, but it had been a long time since he'd slept really well, and he felt he'd more than earned a good night's rest. Life, however, was rarely fair, and even when it was, it was probably an accident.
Mary waved off his apology. "Don't feel bad," she insisted. "It's been a long time since I've been admired by a handsome gentleman."
Sherlock shifted, and rose to a seated position. He leaned against the armrest for a moment until a sudden dizziness abated, then he reached for his tea. Perhaps he had been on the sofa longer than he realized. Time did tend to get away from him when he was thinking. At least that hadn't changed.
As if thinking could summon him, Sherlock whirled out of his bedroom, resplendent in his dressing gown. He wasted no time in examining,
Sherlock and 'Nicole' looked up to see a middle aged man with flat, disapproving gray eyes and dull brown hair that had once been blond.
"And are you planning on sharing any details?" John asked irritably. "This won't make for an interesting story if all I can write about it is, 'We went to a grisly murder scene, Sherlock looked at the body for two seconds, then poked about the room a bit before leaving in a hurry.'"
John wasn't certain if this lunatic was trying to frighten him or entice him. John was well aware of the fact that he enjoyed the thrill of danger a bit more than was healthy for him. That side of him wanted nothing more than to reply,
Sherlock wasn't often stunned, but this wouldn't be the first time John's actions had blindsided him... He'd never suspected John would hunt him down and shoot the cabbie for him, but he had...
A fleeting smile flew over John's face. He was grateful for the compliment, but a lot of what had kept him fit and focused over the last few years was gone… John felt his chest tighten, then took a breath. Sherlock was gone and to him the loss was devastating, but he would have to talk about it sooner or later. He'd become too well known as Sherlock's companion. Still, he didn't want, no...
There were many hesitation marks and scribbles after Harry's greeting, as though she didn't know how to begin.
There was a collective sigh and one resident muttered a quiet but emphatic, "Damn!" which John whole heartedly concurred with. He squeezed Jane's hand once, and then reached down to lift the sheet over her head. He was pleased to see there was relatively little cleanup to attend to. The residents and staff in attendance had quickly ferreted needles into waiting sharps containers and the paper and plastic of wrapping into the bin.
Without prompting, Sherlock leaned forward, offering the small package he'd retrieved from his inside jacket pocket. Miss. Williams hesitantly accepted it, turning it over in her hands. "What is this?"
Anxiety for Sherlock's health prickled along John's spine at the thought that Sherlock could be using again, maybe so secretively that even Mycroft didn't know. This was followed by a hot swell of resentment that Sherlock's health still concerned him at all. Sherlock certainly didn't deserve or appreciate such concern.
"Damn," John cursed under his breath, reached up, and pulled hard on the emergency brake before he could give himself too much time to think about what he was doing. The train lurched, sending baggage and people tumbling. It didn't look like there was any injuries though, it would have been worse if the train had made it up to full speed.
Marcus parked the car in silence, and they shared a long, tense elevator ride to executive suites of Mr. Wallingford's investment firm. Everything was spotless glass, polished marble, and stainless steel. The halls were filled with immaculately tailored suits, dour looks, and the results of too much plastic surgery.
Mike, "hmmed" thoughtfully, frowning into the distance. "Well," he said at length, "I do know of a way to possibly gain as much as five thousand pounds at once, with no financial risk to yourself, but…"
John nodded as he recalled Mr. Williams' visit. He had burst into their flat at 3:00am the previous night, completely undeterred by Mrs. Hudson's threats to call the police. By the time John had stumbled into the living room, Sherlock had seated Mr. Williams on the sofa against the far wall and was ushering Mrs. Hudson out.
"You're not coming with me?" John breathed, his eyes flittering over Sherlock's face as if searching for something, before their gazes finally locked.
With Sherlock's help he maneuvered himself into the bed properly. He didn't think he could coordinate his limbs to pull the sheets over himself; luckily Sherlock took care of that.
Sherlock's attention, however, was focused on the door to the basement. "Take the dog," he whispered, moving to crouch in front of John, and passing Toby's leash to him.
"Maybe? I've gotten them intermittently for the last few days, but I've had such bad indigestion it's hard to tell. Plus, my back's been
"Let's just get her on the bed, Alex," John soothed, walking beside them. "We can call an ambulance after."
"There's hardly much need to try again; I heard the director talking about promoting her to Prima Ballerina within a few months time, once they start their next season."
Eric shook his head, "No, it was your decision to make. I would have chosen differently, perhaps, but it's always a judgment call, and I'm glad you fought so hard for her." Eric sighed, and ran a hand through his hair. "I'll mention that when I tell her parents."
John swore and grumbled under his breath, already heading for the loo to fetch some over the counter fever reducer/pain killer.
Sherlock was nestled in the same vent shaft he'd been in for hours. His legs had long ago gone numb from the cramped quarters, but he refused to move. As far as he had deduced, Moriarty was only ever directly in contact with one or two trusted others, one of whom being the woman he'd seen earlier. The other, a gruff sounding man, had never yet come far enough into the room for Sherlock to get a look at him; it seemed he was stationed at the entrance way to the small enclosure where Moriarty had secluded himself. The woman had not returned, and Sherlock assumed that the remaining man was the highest ranking lackey.
Glancing around once more, Sherlock removed the seal from the second ball and set it rolling in the opposite direction. Satisfied that his tracks were covered as well as they could be covered, Sherlock lifted the manhole cover from the sewer entrance and slipped underground, pausing only to lift the cover back in place as he descended.
"I'll speak with you next," Nathan volunteered, rising from the seat he had taken beside his sister.
They were approaching the stairs when Sherlock ducked his head into a small half bath, grinned, and started to dash for the stairs.
Nikki finally backed up laughing softly and whipping her eyes. "Yes, that's a yes." She looked up at him and beamed, her eyes still shining. "Thank you, Mr. Holmes."
Sherlock had not been loud enough to be overheard by anyone but Lestrade, still the Detective Inspector recoiled, scowling. Unfortunately, he did not recoil far enough to release his grip on Sherlock's elbow. Mycroft and Lestrade had been adamant that Sherlock attend the press conference since he had been the one to uncover the financial threat, and it looked like he was stuck for it.
Where was he going to live now? 221 C was still an option but, if he was honest with himself John had chosen that location to stay close to Sherlock. His fingers curled into fists and shook with tension. Had he been played for a fool
John followed Eric down a short hallway to a neat office lined with diplomas and medical texts. Eric sat behind the desk and gestured for John to take the seat across from him. John sat.
John shivered as he felt the fabric fall way, his arms winding their way around Sherlock again in an instant. "Bed," John breathed against Sherlock's lips.
"You can't wait a day!" Sherlock insisted. "He's been doing this for years, this is a family business. He
John shrugged. "Well, we've exchanged a few letters now. It'd be nice to meet the man when he comes home."
Sherlock leaned over the cage, and braced his hands on either side, but still the dog did not react. "Up, get up!" Sherlock bellowed, rattling the cage loudly, but the dog did not respond, except to urinate where it lay. Sherlock's frowned deepened as his last suspicion was confirmed.
The ex-army doctor jolted and rushed forward, barreling through the crowd. John could hear sirens coming, and people were shouting or running, but John did not lose focus. He knelt beside the coffin while Sherlock maneuvered himself between his blogger and the guards who were still trying to restrain them both.
Sherlock could still see the way John's tongue had run slowly over his own lips. He'd never, ever wanted to kiss someone before that moment. He'd almost kissed John, more times than he cared to count. Every time that moment was before him however, fear of the consequences forced Sherlock to turn away. If there was anyone he could trust that way it would be John, but the man didn't even know he was living with an omega!
"Mr. Holmes?" They both turned to face a slim blond woman with gray eyes. She was neatly but not lavishly dressed, with a long grey trench left open in the wind, and her hair swept up in an immaculate bun at the back of her head. She carried a small black purse laid diagonally over her torso, just under her coat and in her left hand she gripped a pristine black violin case.
"Alright, Mrs. Aster," John said, adjusting his stethoscope to hang comfortably on his neck once more. "It looks like you're on the mend. I am going to add some nebulizer medications to your daily routine for the next two weeks, at least."
John scanned the apartment for any stray experiments, or anything else he might want to avoid, and gave a little start when he found Sherlock Holmes asleep on the sofa. Sherlock. Asleep. The two words just didn't go together. Sherlock
As he continued to look around John realized this room was bigger than most hotel rooms. It wouldn't really qualify as a suite, or maybe in some hotels it would. There were two arm chairs and a low table nestled comfortably between the fireplace and the bed.
Once the doors of the elevator had fully shut, Marcus turned to face John. "I know the front desk holding our valuables might seem excessive, but-"
"You should report him to the police," James insisted. "He has no right to just take you off the street like that."
Maybe that was why everyone that still bothered to speak to John was so concerned that he wasn't "over" Sherlock... Because he wasn't. He never would be, and that showed in every fiber of John's being, no matter how much he was "getting on with his life." ...And that was okay. Sherlock was meant to be a part of him just as, John hoped, he had been meant to be part of Sherlock, even if only in the platonic sense. John and Sherlock. Sherlock and John. That's just how things were.
Mary's hand came forward to cover his and John forced himself to look up, blinking quickly. "I'm sorry if I'm bringing up a sore subject." She leaned forward towards him, speaking softly. "I know what it's like, trying to start over again in a way you never expected. Not in exactly the same way," she admitted, "But I know enough to understand the pressure you might feel to put on a good face, both to ease your own pain, and to, by any means necessary, convince the rest of the world to stop looking at you with pity or concern." Her fingers curled around John's wrist and her thumb began to move slowly back and forth over the skin of his arm. "I'll change the topic if you'd like me to, but I wanted you to know that you
Mary looked back at him a little wistful, but only a little. Had she offered him the spare bedroom because she thought he was equally heartbroken? John
Sherlock's eye twitched, but he refused to be baited. "He was the first person, outside of my family, to genuinely appreciate my particular skill set. He continually set the most plebian logic puzzles before me and was always shocked at the speed with which I dispatched them. I began to tell him my deductions so that I could demonstrate what an appropriate challenge actually was."
John and Sherlock sat on the sofa opposite her, each smiling in a self-satisfied way. They were so proud of the woman their daughter had grown up to become. Everyone was overjoyed, but no one had been surprised, when Alex had asked her to marry him. They'd fancied each other almost since the first time they met. Neither had been willing to part with their last names, but they had managed to agree that their children would be Holmes children.
"Fine, fine. What do you want, Mr. Holmes?" Mr. Murphy was still standing, and half turned as if he wanted to run, but he knew better.
Footfalls on the stairs snapped Sherlock to attention, and his heart started to pound in his chest. He stood and moved to the edge of the room, watching the front door. Their front door was usually open, but Sherlock had closed it early this morning when his suspicions had been confirmed. Suppressants needed to be taken once a day, every day, for maximum effect, but he hadn't taken his dose today, and he knew the room was starting to smell of unclaimed omega. It was one kind of terrifying for John to discover his secret, he was not about to advertise to the world at large.
. It was almost more than he could handle right now…his fingertips had begun to tremble because of the adrenaline coursing through his blood stream.
"No," John assured him. "No, it's nothing like that. Sherlock's still completely silent about his secret case. I don't know anything more about it." John took a deep breath, then stepped forward and placed his hand on James' arm. "James, this is just about me apologizing to you. It was unfair of me to participate in that kiss when I knew your feelings, and my own situation hasn't changed." He squeezed James' arm gently. "I'm not in a good place for any sort of relationship right now. My sister still needs a lot of care, and-I'm just not there, James. I'm sorry."
Sherlock's voice was still hushed, but the urgency in his tone and posture brought John up short. He'd almost never seen Sherlock so beside himself. He looked genuinely panicked.
John nodded. He'd never suffered migraines, but, being a doctor, he had an intimate knowledge of how they could impact a life. He opened his mouth to say 'I'm sorry,' but thought better of it when he caught Mary's expression. She'd brushed off his last apology. She didn't seem like a woman who needed or appreciated sympathy. Instead he said, "This kind of lighting is better for your circadian rhythm anyway."
Marcus squeezed his hand. "I have an early morning meeting to facilitate, but check out isn't until 11:00am. You have plenty of time to enjoy the sinfully large tub in the bathroom. I'm jealous."
My next work, Child's Play, takes place in the universe of Rick Riordan's Heroes of Olympus/Percy Jackson series, and I will begin uploading it next week on the same weekly schedule. Here is a sneak peek:
John glanced up when he saw something flash in the dim light of their candle. Squinting slightly he saw a small diamond stud between Sherlock's thumb and forefinger on his right hand. He was spinning the stud between his fingers to make it catch the light, while he idly sipped from his water.
James looked at him skeptically. "Sometimes, I wonder if you do. As a doctor, a solider, and a brother, you've had to be strong for so many people. You don't need to be strong all the time."
"I can't stay too much longer, I've got group counseling in a few minutes, but thank you so, so much Johnny, for everything."
John nodded to himself, resolved, and stepped inside the pub. It was a nice place with a smooth wooden floor and a large stone fireplace. It had a crowd, but not a rough looking one, and John could smell food as well as alcohol in the air. John lifted himself onto a stool by the bar and ordered a stout. While he waited he helped himself to some of the nuts from a nearby bowl. He knew they couldn't be sanitary, but he couldn't quite bring himself to care.
When they arrived it took Sherlock mere moments to pick the lock; John barely had to stand guard. Once the door was open, they both slipped inside. John looked around, while Sherlock made straight for the computer resting on the impressive wooden desk along the far wall. It was unassuming enough, as offices went. Diplomas and awards hung on the walls, bookshelves and medical tomes lined the rest of the office. There was a coat rack by the door and a skeleton in the corner of the room. There was nothing too ostentatious in the office, considering William's status with the hospital, and there wasn't anything particularly warm or welcoming either. Not that there was anything wrong with a good, neutral office, except that now they knew there was something
"Hey," John murmured, kneeling beside her and turning the computer chair to face him, and taking his sister's hands in his. "What's the matter?" Harry shook her head and tried to evade the gaze of her brother, but he was persistent. "Tell me, Harry."
Images of the love mark on Marcus's throat, the mark that had come from John flashed across his mind's eye and he almost winced. It was painful; it
Sherlock's gaze never left the screen as he spoke. "One of the files I passed over detailed shipment schedules. That combined with this high tech security system hints that Mr. Dwight is involved with something illegal."
Sherlock swallowed, his gaze still locked with John. He knew what he wanted, but... "John," he began licking his lips as his mouth went suddenly dry. John reached over to the bedside table and brought a cup with a straw to Sherlock's lips. He rolled his eyes, but he drank before speaking once more. "My...illness..." Sherlock faltered and looked at the floor. What could he say? Sherlock himself had run the numbers and even he hardly believed what was happening to him. Forcing himself to meet and hold John's gaze, Sherlock pressed on. "I'm not going to live long. I'm surprised I'm
John glared up into a face pulled taunt with regret. "Your friends were already on their way to you, John, when I
"To what do I owe the surprise, brother mine?" Mycroft's voice was as measured and smooth as always.
"It was so different when we were first married," Mrs. Wallingford pressed on, "I helped Andrew at the office, organizing the filing, supervising the secretarial staff. He didn't need the extra help, but I was good at keeping the minutia organized and the staff underneath Andrew and his colleges in line. He could trust me, and I helped free up more of his time."
," John replied with a small sneer, dearly wishing he could take advantage of their position to elbow the arrogant sod in the ribs.
Testing this unknown substance became Sherlock's go-to experiment for the next several months. With some persistence, he was able to isolate key components who's effects could, in theory, be devastating. It was interesting, but not terribly concerning. Sherlock knew no instance of a single case of poisoning which took so long to act, not without repeated exposure. Even then, any symptoms he developed would be telling. If poisons were laced into what little he did eat or drink, he would know almost instantly, and administer a counteragent.
Lestrade fixed him with a sharp glare. "She did, and Mycroft before her, but that's not the point, Sherlock.
"Don't," John called out, raising his hands as he approached the snarling consulting detective. "You're only making it worse for yourself, Sherlock."
Now that he thought about it Sherlock was being surprisingly accommodating.  John was fairly certain he'd caught the flu the old fashioned way, and not from one of Sherlock's experiments.  Still, after everything they'd been through together, it was nice to know Sherlock had his back as much as he had Sherlock's.
John's face was drawn tight, and the circles under his eyes spoke of a long night. Sherlock had already known that John hadn't slept in over 30 hours by observing his gait and coloring, now Sherlock knew that John had been called in to work an unexpected shift at the hospital. Sherlock's cab had been diverted last night because of a large accident, that same accident was likely the reason John had been called in.
Sherlock's gaze at last fell to the cumbersome medical boot that came up to just below John's left knee, and the crutches propped against the side of the bed. "Broken ankle?" he asked, raising his eyes to meet John's gaze.
Sherlock's grip on John's hand was firm throughout the service, and Sherlock walked beside John in the processional to the graveyard. John had at first tried to write a eulogy to deliver at the gravesite, but he found himself unequal to the task. He hadn't known Mary well enough or long enough to do her justice. Instead he focused his energies on commissioning a joint gravestone for Mary and her husband. It would be some time before it could be erected, but it would read:
Sure enough, the saline was in the cabinet above the sink. Sherlock snatched it up and strolled back to the kitchen with smug satisfaction. He paused at the table and tilted his face up to administer the drops so that his eyes would behave. Once he was done, Sherlock tossed the saline back into its
Ms. Wallingford lifted her eyes to his, spied his proffered arm and smiled slightly. Her gaze started to shift to her brothers, then halted, and fixed on her mother instead. Mrs. Wallingford nodded and reached her arms out to her daughter, pulling her from her seat. "Yes, come along, dear. Mr. Holmes will help us get to the bottom of this, I'm certain. He is very thorough."
"Most people haven't lived with-" John caught himself, his smile faltering, "Well..." his eyes fell to the floor, unsure how to continue. At last swallowed he settled upon, " I've spent a lot of time with detectives..."
The video was silent, but they could both see Nikki pause near the corner and gently remove her violin. She lifted her instrument and began to play, and while they could not hear, both Sherlock and John watched her form. Several minutes later a man slightly younger than John with short blond hair that was just long enough to curl, began to walk down the street. At first he seemed like any other passerby, but when he came to the end of the street he stopped, loitered a few moments, then began walking the other way. When he reached the corner he hesitated again before turning back. He was starting to pace.
Sherlock shivered and shook his head. "No, not about the physical part, but I am determined to try."
John rolled his eyes as he snatched the letter from Mycroft's hands. "Like you won't know by then anyway."
Mary's smile never left her, and yet her expression became more thoughtful, knowing. John was about to ask her what she was thinking when the lights flickered, indicating the show was about to start.
Lestrade shrugged. "He was wealthy and active in politics, that and he was only forty, with a relatively unremarkable medical history; he should have recovered smoothly."
Marcus nodded softly, and tipped his glass to John before drinking from it. At length he spoke again, a wry grin spreading over his face. "Well, I do have years of experience burying scandal to the point that even my clients forget it ever happened."
John's fingers twitched as he drew his hand away from his flatmate's forehead and started pacing. "Damnit, Sherlock, you just had a fever last week! Why haven't you been to a doctor?!"
Sherlock waved one hand dismissively without bothering to look up. "Dr. Watson is a trusted associate. Whatever you want to say to me can be said in front of him."
Five hours later, John was well on his way to Switzerland, and he was still fuming. He had never felt so stupid in his life. He had thought that
Overall the music seemed to vacillate between joyful and sad. Even when the music swelled as Prince Siegfried danced with all his potential brides, who were trying to impress him, there were notes of pain, and despair. John's eyes flickered open again as a vision of Odette tried desperately to warn Prince Siegfried of the deception he faced. There was, however, no stopping Von Rothbart's scheme.
When Sherlock decided to mull something over he had a tendency to freeze in place. His breathing would slow, and more than once John had been able to take his pulse without seeming to disturb him. But, the position of Sherlock's body was all off. Regardless of where he was or whether he was sitting, standing, or laying down, Sherlock
Sherlock ducked around a supporting pillar, ready to dart out into the maze of cages once more when a large PVC pipe struck him across the face. Sherlock reeled, cursing himself for not anticipating a weapon.
"I seriously doubt," the nobleman began, impetuous, "that he was very free with that kind of information."
"You look like you're here to forget something," Marcus remarked quietly. It wasn't a question, just an observation. John didn't want to get into the details, but he saw no point in hiding the truth.
John turned his gaze back to Alex, who squeaked out a timid, "Sorry!" and hurriedly left the room. John sighed as silently as he could, pushed off the counter he had been leaning against, and made his way back to the provider office. He wasn't sure if there was
Sherlock, smiling in apparent satisfaction, lowered his hands. Ilia had stumbled over the word, "was," there was no mistaking it. There had been the slightest hesitation that he was certain had nothing to do with Ilia's lingering accent. "I did not ask if anyone shot
. He wanted a chance he'd never let himself take, a connection he'd severed, a heart he had absolutely no right to…
just a name. He still considered himself part of the Watson family, just as the Langley children were now, arguably, part of the Lestrade and Holmes families.
Sherlock crouched on the floor near the cot, and asked, "How are we doing tonight?" The man was obviously hallucinating. He had schizophrenic disorder, poorly controlled because it had been mistaken for Bipolar Disorder with psychotic features.
Sherlock moaned softly into the warm, slow kiss. Actual sensation was so much better than faint daydreams could ever be. Hesitantly, Sherlock began to slide his feet back onto the floor, making more room for John to come closer.
"Not at all," the stranger replied, and they both headed towards the door. They had walked for half a minute in companionable silence before the stranger asked, "Are you in the medical field too?"
"Love is a fairytale, Ms. Hooper," Sherlock retaliated, never breaking eye contact. The reality is little more than a chemical defect, which puts one at a great disadvantage."
Sherlock opened his mouth, but before he spit out whatever vicious comment he'd concocted, John stepped forward and spoke again, his face serious. "What I did for my sister is love, Sherlock. My
opportunity to bend John to his will? John swallowed thickly and snatched the paper out of Sherlock's hands, his good mood evaporating. If had been foolish of him to forget, even for a moment, whom he was really dealing with.
Sherlock glowered in response. "Yes, you're quite right. We wouldn't want to get so attached to someone that, after knowing them for only three days we would kill a deranged suicidal cabbie for them. That would certainly never end well. It demonstrated poor boundaries, really."
But if that were the case, why would she pursue him personally during with Dwight case? And wearing an identifying piece of jewelry no less? No, it didn't fit for someone that clever. Sherlock's pursuit of this spider might very well have been noticed, he
Sherlock had as much of an understanding of the political workings at play as he cared to. What he didn't understand was why Mycroft wanted
"I need you to find a talented violinist, someone to play at the Royal Opera House for at least a few weeks. I have a new case that will interfere with some of my other arrangements.
"There isn't time to explain," Sherlock pressed, lifting the syringe from his pocket and pulling the cap off. "I need you to
Mr. Brenton licked his lips once more and looked back at John, who did his best to look approachable and harmless. After a long moment Mr. Brenton nodded and began his story, looking earnestly at them both. "It's my maid, Mr. Holmes… God help me, the police will never believe me. And I couldn't really go to them, even if they would… the scandal."
John considered. It didn't seem like there was any reason not to. Mary was friendly enough, and if he was going to build new friendships he would have to start somewhere. It was unsettling to think how much of his life had revolved around Sherlock, in one way or another...
Sherlock and company follow an unexpected lead in a race against time to stop the killer, and someone pays the ultimate price...
Sherlock slammed his pen flat against the table with enough force to shake the beakers at his elbow, silencing the unwelcome intrusion. "I said
"Sean's father. We inherited a king's ransom in wine when he died. He was especially fond of Pinot. I could have a bottle of wine with dinner every night for the rest of my life, and I don't think I would exhaust his supply."
filing cabinets, which Sherlock was certain held real client records, but it was doubtful there was any rhyme or reason to the filers stored here. They were just for show. That much was obvious as soon as Sherlock observed the intricate wooden paneling, the lack of windows, and unusually thick carpeting: the room was soundproofed.
It took he ex-army doctor a moment to realize that Sherlock had spoken. He looked up with furrowed brows. "I'm sorry?"
A wry smile made itself known on Sherlock's lips. "As you may have surmised, Ms. Wallingford, I do not play by the rules."
John bracketing her hand between both of his, and squeezed back. "Thank you." He didn't know why Mary was so patient or so unflappable, but he was very grateful.
John blinked and turned back to Sherlock. "Are you sure, Sherlock?" His voice wasn't pleading, but it was heavy with emotion.
! He drew in breath to argue, and let it out again in a frustrated rush. Sherlock was too far away to hear him now, and he wouldn't stop even if he could.
"Please do," Greg replied, waiving John after Sherlock, who had already disappeared into the house by now.
"I'll see you at 10?" Lestrade called after him, and, if only to keep unwanted home visits at bay a bit longer Sherlock raised his arm and called over his shoulder that he would be there, before facing front again and focusing on the street.
John glanced out the window and nodded to himself. It was cloudy, but it didn't look like rain. In this climate, it was best to take what he could get.
Sherlock nodded his agreement, and set the bowl of soup on his lap. It was hot, which helped soothe his throat, and spicy enough to help clear his sinuses... It
Sherlock, for all his bluster and anti-social tendencies, had always been up for a verbal sparring match, and had John indulged him more than was healthy. It was hard to resist watching his flatmate's blue eyes come alive as he strove to concur the most bizarre, or (as in the case of some of their arguments) the most inane challenges.
And that was the problem... John still believed that. After everything, he still believed that Sherlock had a heart, one he guarded so closely that few people ever managed to see it.
"Hm. Well I think we'll get on just fine without him," Mr. Werner muttered, rubbing his chin thoughtfully."
John looked at the bottle and nodded, slowly. "So we're dealing with a serial killer." As his gaze shifted back to Sherlock's impassive face John's expression hardened suddenly. "You must be thrilled," he said flatly.
They turned and looked at each other in the dim light of the street lamps, for night had fallen during their brief interview with Miss. Williams. "Come here," John said, reaching out his arms towards Sherlock's face.
"We're here," Sherlock announced, rushing out of the cab and leaving an irate John to pay the tab. Hoisting his bags, John laboriously followed Sherlock up the stairs. He hadn't really noticed last time, but the place was an utter mess. There was stuff everywhere. Beakers, microscopes, slides, and Petri dishes cluttered what John supposed was originally the kitchen table. Piles of papers littered the floor, the bookshelves, and every other available place. Weapons poked out of corners and around a clutter of other, seemly useless objects. John spied a sword near the fireplace, a sturdy folding knife
to think about John that he hadn't taken any further precautions. He had his share of the blame, and truth be told Nikki wasn't really to blame at all. True to her nature she had never asked any questions about John or himself, though she had known about them both through John's blog. Nikki continued to look sad and concerned, but her gratitude and quiet disposition had prevented her from any comments or actions in regards to Sherlock's situation.
James had just been getting off-shift at the time, and John had invited him out to a local pub. The morgue assistant had accepted with a warmth that soothed the ex-army doctor's temper. The welcoming smile that greeted John when he arrived loosened the tension that had been sitting like a steel band around his heart.
John drew his fingers down the crumpled paper in a caress, his doctors instincts urging him to offer comfort, even when his "patient" was God knows how many miles away.
John whirled to look at Mary. "What?! It's exactly what I heard when I first met him, I just didn't want to pay attention to it." He turned back and gestured violently at Sherlock, "He
Due to a burst water pipe, the venue for this very Gala was only recently moved to the same building the document had been stolen from. Decoration and planning had forced large sections of the building to be shut down, and the rest of the building to be overrun with extra staff who were working hard to ensure the Gala was not delayed. These fevered preparations had begun the same morning the trade agreement had been reported missing.
"I suppose," Eric sighed regretfully. "But John, take a few days off after this. I know what a big push this is for the team and I don't want any of you burning out."
Sherlock stared disbelieving at the kitchen table. It couldn't be. The odds were astronomical... It just
John had been surprised and grateful that Sherlock had agreed to try to dissuade Miss. Williams from marrying Mr. McAndrew. Part of him had wondered if Sherlock had agreed to speak with her to get collateral information, or if he truly had wanted to dissuade her. Probably it was both, and ultimately, John decided, it wasn't worth clarifying.
John thought about Alexander's situation and swallowed. What could he say about that? What do you say to someone who, even if they do come back might not have the welcome back they wanted. What if he'd been married, and his wife moved on? Would his friends feel lied to? Would he be trusted back at work? Would there even be a space for him? So much of what came to mind sounded petty, empty, and flat.
John finally looked up and met his friend's gaze. He had the feeling that James was talking about him as much as his sister. It was good advice, especially considering he wouldn't back out of his deal with Sherlock as long as Harry needed the help. And it wasn't as though he hadn't seen Sherlock push the limits on a case before, this was just the first time he'd seen Sherlock look so ill… He didn't like to see his friends suffer.
John pressed a gentle kiss to Sherlock's temple. "We'll figure it out," he promised, his arms still securely locked around his new mate.
John shrugged and forced himself to make eye contact, "What's done is done. There's really not much to tell you that you don't already know. I moved out, I have a new job at Charing Cross Hospital, and I live with a woman named Mary."
"You're impossible," John chuckled, and laid the tie loosely over Sherlock's eyes. He tugged on some blue medical gloves and gently grasped Sherlock's arm. "I'm going to give you some fluids and some fever reducers with the IV. Any objections?"
John sighed softly and looked into the swirling depths of his tea. "Yes. I made a promise to my sister, I intend to keep it."
"This is the house of Mr. Andrew Wallingford. Approximately two months ago, Mr. Wallingford received bypass surgery at Charing Cross Hospital. His recovery was going well, until two weeks ago. He developed a high fever, upset stomach, and intense joint pain. He went for a follow up with his doctor and was prescribed antibiotics. At first he seemed to recover, but after his follow up visit his symptoms relapsed, dramatically worse than they had been before. He spent the last three days admitted to intensive care, and he passed away this morning."
James chuckled softly as he handed John one of the two large bottles of water he had brought with him. "Yes, of course."
Sherlock grunted and jerked his arm around and down sharply onto Mr. Werner's outstretched arms. The grip waivered but didn't break; Mr. Werner was stronger than Sherlock had originally surmised. Sherlock jerked his arm straight, driving his fist backwards into Mr. Werner's nose. There was a satisfying cracking sound, and Mr. Werner's grip relaxed enough for Sherlock to stumble out of it, directly into John's waiting arms.
John nodded, swallowed, and made to turn for the stairs that would lead him up to his room, when he paused and turned back again. "I hope you never regret it." Heartbreak was the last thing he wanted for Sherlock, even now.
Decay is composed of many smells: rot, mold, animal filth, and blood. All elements were strongly present in the basement of Mr. Werner's apartment complex. John turned away for a moment and covered his face with his palm. Being a doctor, John was used to all manner of unpleasantness, but this was an enclosed space with little ventilation, making the effect more powerful than normal. Sherlock's scarf was in his outstretched hand before he could properly think about it, and John took it gratefully, wrapping it around his nose and mouth.
John peered dubiously at Sherlock for a few moments before turning and heading to the kitchen for some water. He returned with a large pot that he had just filled. "I hope this doesn't have in it, or something, "John muttered, setting the pot down.
Thank you to everyone who left comments!  They really make my day. Thank you also to everyone who bookmarked, subscribed to, and/or left kudos on my story. I hope you enjoy this next installment!
"Braindead," Sherlock breathed, his eyes falling closed as he tilted his face up, anticipating a kiss.
A short bark of laughter escaped John's throat before he replied, "Hardly. You're a high-strung genius with a fascination for picking people apart. Given your line of work you're constantly mired in the darker sides of humanity. You revel in loudly and publically illustrating the follies of others, and while you'll never turn down a challenge, I've never seen you be cruel for the sake of taking enjoyment from other people's pain. Given your assertion that you're any type of sociopath is unfounded, and nothing I've seen or been able to think of has ever pulled you away from a case, I've got nothing to fear from you directly."
Sherlock sat beside the body, leaving the chest cavity exposed, his hands pressed together just in front of his chin and he began meticulously reviewing the data he had gathered thus far. It would be foolish to miss anything, and he had a feeling there was
Slowly, John looked up, and was caught by the intensity of Sherlock's gaze. He certainly looked like someone in love…
John rolled his eyes and scanned the paper again. At last he saw a grainy black and white photo of a delivery truck surrounded by police tape, and a smattering of officers. He scanned the byline.
As soon as he had sat down in the break room, John fished out his phone and called Mary, hoping to catch her on a break.
John nodded slowly. He didn't feel like he could say he completely understood, because again Sherlock was alive and Sean was dead, but he felt much the same way in the wake of Sherlock's absence. Everything was different, and it could never be the same again.
No going back now. John's expression hardened with determination, and he turned towards the exit. He intimidated and strong-armed his way to the door, wrenching it open, and tumbling out into the snow. There were several harsh glares and calls for him to stop, but John made himself deaf to them. He'd committed now, and if he didn't get away in time it might be too late...
Sherlock was familiar with most standard practices for others of his kind. Omegas were allowed to serve in the army, but their heats were closely monitored, so they could safely nest when the time came. For those omegas that chose to serve on the front lines, or longer missions where heats would come upon them, there was often one very dominant alpha selected to guard them. This often resulted unwanted pregnancies and other military related traumas because of the affect heat had on the instincts of alphas, but the military brushed this off with waivers and party lines of, "they knew what they were getting into."
His eyes flickered over and he observed John's profile. He was upset, obviously, but... Sherlock let out another long sigh and closed his eyes. This was also the first time, maybe the first time ever that it hadn't felt like someone was having their emotions
It had taken a little time to sort out Mary's will, which named John as executor, and make the necessary arrangements for her funeral. Not to mention giving Greg a statement, and all the cleanup that had been left to do after the case ended. John had apparently been the one to shoot William, right through the head, and Sherlock's quick thinking in blowing out the windows had provided those whom still lived valuable oxygen. There had been five deaths at the end, not counting William. John knew they'd saved a lot of people, but every life they didn't save still weighed heavily on him.
When he'd finished, John surveyed the items once more before gathering them up and heading back down the stairs. He left the light in his room on. The light trailing after him down the stairs shouldn't affect Sherlock much because it would be so dim in the living room, but it would give John some additional light to see by.
"Some man thought his maid had done something unspeakable; he saw her walking down the hall at night with blood on her hands and mouth. But, it turns out she was pregnant with her employer's child and had a craving for raw beef in the middle of the night. When Sherlock outlined everything for his 'client' the man ordered us off the property; tried to threaten us with a Shitzu."
John held out his hand, drawing in a quick breath when he felt the weight of the bottle settle into it. This would be the anchor that dragged him back down, because the weight of his own personal pains would not be as heavy as the weight of his conscience if he did nothing. This bottle and its contents meant only one thing:
Sherlock took a shuddering breath as his chest constricted, and hoped Mary would assume the swelling in his nose was obstructing his breathing. "You should go after him."
about to admit he'd been spying on John through the security cameras. He wasn't trying to protect any personal pride, he just didn't want to upset John any more than he already had. Instead he spoke around the truth, a method that was so often effective because people were prone to project their own preconceived interpretations upon what they heard. "I... I became distracted."
"Sherlock," John ventured. "If you can't find her we should leave. We shouldn't be here in the first place."
Raising his eyes to meet Sherlock's once more, John stepped forward, pulling Sherlock gently, but fiercely, into his arms, settling himself on the edge of the bed, so that he could be as close to him as physically possible. "I love you," John breathed into Sherlock's ear, "I love you so much."
Sherlock looked away for a long moment before finally turning back to John. "Tonight a man named Travis is going to attempt to reconcile with a former lover of his. I may have given Nikki directions to the closest street corner where this is likely to occur. It happens to be approximately halfway between here and that flat she's renting from you. It seemed like a good opportunity to rest her arm a bit, but also keep up her exercise."
In his peripheral vision, John could see the scowl spreading across Sherlock's face. "Sure enough. When we pass that alleyway up ahead, we're going to duck into it."
"Right," John ground out, forcing himself to walk to his upstairs bedroom with the appearance of relative calmness. He was
John smiled down at the envelope, turning it over in his hands, and feeling a rush of anticipation. A sudden thought occurred to him, and he glanced up at Mycroft. John opened his mouth to speak, hesitated for a moment, then pressed on anyway. "Do you know when he might be coming home?" John gestured with the letter as he spoke.
The amusement bled away from her, and the smile left her face, but Mary's eyes remained locked on his. "You must have dug very deep to find that name, Mr. Homes."
Sherlock was still very much himself, but John felt the warmth in him was more apparent, and his 'bad' behavior was more wry, less calculating. It was as though the caring parts of Sherlock that John had always known were there had been thrown into sharper relief, and John was grateful for it.
Mary pursed her lips and nodded once, giving Sherlock's shoulder one last squeeze before she headed towards the door. "See you tomorrow!"
Unwilling to delve any further into that line of thinking, John scrolled through his contacts until he saw Greg's name. Greg had sent John scores of texts and calls since his separation from Sherlock, and
John nodded in understanding, amazed. This deduction also explained why Sherlock had put dirt in his mouth; he was probably testing for the coppery tang of blood…though that was a considerable health risk. What did he really know about this woman? She could have any number of blood borne pathogens that he did not have enough information to deduce.
Sherlock glanced up and observed Molly meticulously and furiously laying out Petri dishes. Their eyes met for a moment and her face contorted in disgust. She remained silent.
The Detective Inspector glared up at the world's only consulting detective. "You'd stake your reputation on it? This isn't just because you've had a lull in cases?"
John forced his eyes to move further down on the page, brushing over a small notation about the phone being retrieved from the roof, where Sherlock had tossed it.
John's smile fell slightly as he considered that. He'd been living with Sherlock for a few months now, and he'd mostly written him off as an impossible git. A brilliant, but impossible git. Still there was this stubborn part of the ex-army doctor that was convinced the world's only consulting detective was more than cutting barbs and quick wits.
"My hands are tied, Sherlock," Lestrade said, lifting his arms in a partial shrug. "I'll go out on a limb for you if I can, I've done so before, but I will
As soon as Sherlock felt the grip loosening Sherlock leapt for freedom, tearing off through the crowd. Lestrade's sharp cry and questions followed him, but he didn't care. He'd never signed up to tolerate tedium, and press conferences where nothing but. Especially the relentless questions about John. He was gone, was that so hard to accept?!
Turning, John wiped his hands down the front of his jeans, and reached to take the letter from Mycroft. "Your nose is looking better," John commented with a grin.
"You've always been friendly, John, but you're not an easy man to get to know," Mike countered. He continued confidently, "And even then, you're not what most people would expect. For example, being a doctor and a solider itself is sort of a contradiction. Of all the people I know, I think you've got as good a chance as someone can have against him."
Her eyebrows knotted together in thought. "Well, you know I've had trouble with Braxton Hicks contractions for a few months now…"
Mary nodded and grinned. "Good, I was going to insist that you helped anyway." She stood and straightened her coat. "Shall we go?"
Sherlock turned and made to stride back to his microscope when a calm, clear voice cut through the silence that had settled over the lab.
Mr. Walker shrugged ineffectually and opened his mouth to deliver some trite speech that Sherlock had no patience to hear.
He jumped half out of his skin when the firm grip of a hand seized his good shoulder. John turned wide-eyed and tried not to look too disappointed when he came face to face with Greg Lestrade.
"Twelve years," she replied slowly, swirling her wine glass and staring into it. "Sean and I settled here after university. Took us a while to tie the knot, weddings are expensive no matter how simple they are."
James shifted uneasily, glancing at the branches overhead. "I would've called it possessive. It seems like he wants to keep you to himself."
Sherlock had been at work interfering with high level crime, using his own computer, for once, to hack private e-mails, chat rooms, web sites, and whatever else he could get into. He wasn't looking for information, or even trying to be subtle; his only objective was to create enough obvious cyber activity to make people wary enough to cancel meetings, and back out of deals. Sherlock had stuck his nose into as many sectors as he could reach. It had meant declining almost every other case recently, but it was a necessary evil. As appealing as some of those cases were, it was time for his final push.
Mary slowly withdrew her hand as the waiter approached to deliver their wine and take their orders. John hadn't intended to speak, but when they were alone again the words were out of his mouth before he could think better of them.
," Sherlock insisted, gesticulating with his right arm. John glared at him and told him to keep still as he began massaging Sherlock's shoulder and arm muscles, trying to ease his shoulder back into place. "As I said, this was the first time any of them had attempted such a crime, and they wanted the perfect alibis. I'm guessing out that the old woman in the coffin was a grandmother or relative to one of them. Her being in poor health probably helped them to conceive of the idea of how to dispose of Miss. Reynolds. What is most likely is that this unfortunate woman did not die quickly enough, or as soon as expected, forcing the conspirators to keep Anna captive until the time was right. After all, who would
Thank you so much to everyone for your support and encouragement! I am so thrilled that this story picked up the following it did. While it is a little sad to see one project end, I always seem to have one or two more waiting in the wings. This marks a big transition for me, however, as I will be departing from the Sherlock Universe for a while.
"Examine where the doctor noted the state of the baby," Sherlock said softly, unused to having such a willing audience. Usually he had to brow beat (literally and metaphorically) people into seeing reason.
He'd wanted to wait and see if Sara could offer him more hours at first, but now, given all this time to think, it was apparent that keeping busy would be the best thing for John's mental state. John
Mr. Walker's politician's smile was back again. "Mr. Homes, you have been very kind to Ms. Carter. But this...arrangement is really unusual enough. I have plenty of talented musicians in this company. It would be no problem what-so-ever to find someone for Nikki's seat."
John growled softly in frustration, his hands balling into fists for a moment. Sherlock had no right to say that to him! Not after everything he'd done, not after how hard John had worked to move forward. It wasn't right, and it didn't change anything! Sherlock had ordered him out, and he was bloody well staying out!
Mrs. Hudson set her own cup down and lifted the teapot to refill Sherlock's, all the while sending him a look that clearly communicated she was neither fooled nor amused.
Sherlock jerked his cold limbs from the ex-army doctor's insistent grasp. "Leave me alone!" he spat. "Everything is
"No, the train is fine, it stopped just before the snow hit. Listen, I need to get to the airport. Will you take me?"
to see him, Sherlock hadn't expected that either. He'd expected anger, betrayal, and perhaps an enemy. There
In the grand scheme of things it also didn't really matter if she had been partially or entirely motivated to take him on as a flatmate because of any loneliness she might have felt. She was a good flatmate and this situation was exactly what John needed right now. If he met similar needs in her life, so much the better.
I want to give a big thank you to everyone you has left comments, kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to my story.  Your support and encouragement make my day!  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
"Unfortunately so, "Sherlock replied. "I believe this heartbreak, in combination with the unusually harsh treatment William received when he returned to the United Kingdom, were the two blows that pushed him to violence."
in Sherlock's face… John knew Sherlock was a consummate actor, but this felt different, like it might be real…and then it had been too much
"Life or death situations always come first. If someone's coding, or critically unstable, that's where my attention needs to be. I'm good at focusing in crowded, high noise environments." No one in an Accident or Emergency room could possibly be as bad as Sherlock when he was in one of his moods. John immediately pulled away from the thought. "And I'm used to issuing orders, delegating to the team I'm working with. It served me well in the army, I was promoted to Captain."
James smiled and lifted his arms, reaching out to John as he made his way down. "Be careful, it's a long way down."
Sherlock stepped close to him once more, looming over him with sardonic self-satisfaction. "You're a doctor. In fact, you're an army doctor. You've probably seen a lot of injuries and violent deaths. A bit of trouble too, I bet." A vicious grin tugged at the edges of Sherlock's lips. "Want to see some more?"
When he reached the street Sherlock summoned a cab in his typical fashion, and slipped inside. He spent the short ride to 221 considering his next options. He had some experiments he could run, but he was more interested in a case, a real case this time. Hopefully a client was waiting for him.
Sherlock blinked and his fingers twitched in John's grip. He managed, with some effort, to bring his tongue forward and wet his lips. At length he rasped, "What are you doing?"
John scanned blood work, MRI's, and dozens of other tests. She'd apparently been found collapsed and unresponsive in one of the rest rooms. It was a good thing the staff set a time limit to check on someone or... John moved his eyes over the page again, not really seeing the words anymore.
The plane lurched into the sky and he felt his heart sink with more than the weight of gravity. He had done it. He had really done it, and because he had chosen love over money, his father might never speak to him again...
"Forgive the delay," he murmured, picking up two menu's and ushering them along. "We are a bit short-handed tonight.
"We found it on the floor at his feet. It must have slipped out of his hands after he shot himself."
Mary nodded and slowly moved her hand to John's other shoulder. The process was slower with his bad shoulder, and she asked for more feedback, but once Mary had a sense of what was comfortable she ensured both shoulders were well tended to. She finished by spending a few minutes working the muscles along John's lower back with her knuckles and the heels of her palms. When she was finished she rested her palms flat against John's back, smiling as he rolled his neck and sighed. "Better?" She asked.
The waiter returned and placed a plate of nicely seared scallops on the table between them. "So, how was your day?" John asked, picking up his knife and fork.
"After all those threats?" James asked, leaning forward to take another bite of his sandwich. When he had swallowed he added, "It certainly doesn't sound like he trusts you."
John heard a few chuckled from the surrounding officers as they noticed Sherlock carrying him out of the crime scene bridal style.  John blushed and pressed his face into Sherlock's shoulder.  He could hear Sherlock chuckling softly.
led away. No one who has ever truly lost a loved one is so easily dissuaded from the body, no matter how gruesome the scene."
The computer was password protected, but that didn't slow Sherlock down for a second. John tried to let him concentrate, but he couldn't quite contain his curiosity. "
Regardless, Sherlock was here now, and moments away from making his final move. Arthur Jones, one of the two main candidates for the next Prime Minister, was about to be arrested for treason.
John held up one finger to silence her while he listened, suddenly desperate to hear Sherlock answer him, but the phone just rang, and rang, and rang...
John yanked a tissue from its box on the coffee table, and wiped away the tears. He took a deep breath and ran his hand over the letter to smooth it and remove the tears. John tried to steady himself as he took up his pen again, but his hand shook a little. Still he wrote, because he most definitely had his answer.
John turned his attention back towards Sherlock, smoothing his thumbs over angular cheeks, trying to gauge from the pupils the likelihood of a concussion. "When we get back to Baker Street, so help me God, I am going to tie you to the bed." He'd meant to sound harsh, but his voice was still thick with emotion.
John's shoulders sagged in relief. He didn't much like the idea of just taking the supplies on his list, but he was between a rock and a hard place. "Thank you, really, you have no idea how much easier you've just made my night."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, unmoved. "John, if I hadn't solved the case today Lestrade would've made getting the evidence I needed tedious. That and you would've complained about grave robbing until I showed you the truth."
John hadn't started speaking yet, he'd meant to, but he was wrestling with his own demons. Seeing Sherlock again was different than he thought it would be. He was still angry, still hurt, but most of his present anger wasn't because of what Sherlock had done, but because of his own concern which had risen sharply when he saw the state Sherlock was in. Sherlock had always been thin, but he was nearly gaunt now, and his face had lost almost all of its color. John's first impulse had been to check Sherlock's blood pressure and order a feast from the curry shop on the corner... but that wasn't what he'd come here for. Sherlock's wellbeing shouldn't be John's concern anymore; Sherlock had made it abundantly clear he didn't
Laurali and her classmate had both been unharmed. However, their experience had left them exhausted and slightly dehydrated. John pressed the back of his hand gently to the child's forehead and frowned. "You have a bit of a fever. Would you like some more water?" She nodded slowly. John smiled. "I'll go fetch some for you." He turned a suspicious eye on his husband, who currently looked the picture of innocence. "Keep an eye on him for me, will you? We've had enough excitement for one day."
"No, the Brussel sprouts are in oven and the pasta finished before you arrived. It's just the sauce."
John frowned, and looked up for a moment before scanning the small article that had been circled in red ink.
The crowd was slow moving, and at the earliest opportunity John ducked them both into a small alcove where they could rest until the crowd thinned a bit. Mary shot John a thankful smile as she leaned against the cool wall, still holding his hand. She looked flushed from the heat of the crowd, but still beautiful in her evening dress. John squeezed her hand, and felt the metal of her wedding ring press into his palm. They were quite the lovesick pair. Mary had made her peace with her loss and John, well he would get there someday. Then... well that was a future too far ahead to think about yet. For now he was grateful to have Mary's friendship and her compassion. It would be foolish to consider anything else until his heart was his own again.
Sherlock blinked away the memory, not wanting to recall the argument. Now that John was gone Sherlock found himself more distracted than ever. Part of him rebelled at the thought that John was never coming back, but wanting couldn't, and in this case, shouldn't change things. He was going to keep his distance. It was, perhaps, the one unselfish thing he'd ever done.
"I'll have Mrs. Hudson collect my things in a few days." Sherlock forced himself not to nod in response as he adjusted the strings on his violin and tried it out to make sure it was well tuned. It always was, of course.
Anyone who held too much power got a bit full of themselves. Perhaps the rings served as a badge or marker of loyalty? Sherlock smirked at the thought. It could be true, the metal of those rings was almost thin enough to be spider silk.
