going to be a real live ghost soon,” Bill whispered to John, “RIP William Murray, he died of boredom from Professor Binns’ class.”
Anderson and Wilkes looked at each other, mumbled a quick, “Yes Ma’am,” and dutifully slunk away.
Sherlock came over after a while, the way he usually did, when he was bored of pretending not to know that John was there. His white shirt was marked up with dark streaks of grease, and there was a smudge of it across on sharp cheekbone. His styled hair was tousled and his skin shone with the light sweat of exertion.   Something about the way he moved always set a fire going underneath John’s skin; all sinew and animal grace that John didn’t have and probably wouldn’t know what to do with if he did. The way he looked at John was something else - he had eyes the color of the Potomac in midwinter but his gaze was pure heat, so hot that John thought he might sizzle underneath it. Three years of being pinned underneath that look and it was a wonder he hadn’t completely gone to ash and dust.
It isn’t that John is homophobic. He has no problems with The Gays. His sister, in fact, is gay. His best mate - apparently - was gay (or at the very least bisexual). His very good friend - apparently - is also gay (or at the very least bisexual). It’s fine. It’s all fine.
One clever hand dove down John’s Y-fronts to fondle the bulge of his cock. John stopped struggling with the tangle of his shirt so he could drop his head back against the cushion and groan. His own arousal surprised him with its intensity. God, he was so hard, it felt like he’d been waiting for days for this. It felt like he’d been waiting a lifetime to be touched like this. Sherlock’s hand stroked down his shaft, and then on to squeeze and tug at his balls, one finger sliding back behind them to stroke his perineum.
observant. “That obvious, huh?”
, and then, “Ew,” because of the smell.
Jeanette guided his hand to the soft, supple curve of her breast and took his other hand and led him up her skirt. The forbidden territory, that unknown land.  Her tongue pushed into his mouth and he could feel the slick wet woman-ness of her in that sacred place between her legs,  and she pulled away to whisper “Yes, just like that, baby,” and he thought of Sherlock’s voice in his ear whispering just that, “
John goes bright red when Sherlock whispers into his ear, in no uncertain terms, what he plans to do to him.
“Little flutter bum’s got you completely snowed, man,” Vic laughs, flicking his lighter open and closed, over and over again.
Sherlock had never understood what the big fuss was all about. Hair, after all, always grew back. As did fingernails. And if any teeth had ever been lost, well, they’d only been
“Mostly,” said Bill, which earned him a another smack on the arm. “Ow! That one was
John hopped off the bench. He strode over to Sherlock, stopping just before him. His hands went to his own shirt; his fingers were trembling and his fingers lingered over the next button, but he kept his shoulders square.
He catapulted himself to his feet and strode over to sit on the coffee table, only a foot or two from John. With a glance up through his eyelashes, he ran fingertips up the inner seam of John’s jeans. “It’s worked out for you so far, hasn’t it?”
In the gift shop, John buys a tiny porcelain boot that says ‘Kansas’ on the side.
“Well, so you want to sleep with her, ‘well?’ Well, you’re waiting for my blessing, ‘well?’”
“John,” said a sudden voice from behind him; resonant and deep and familiar.
riˈlāSHənˌSHip/
But now, as he found himself reading over the page for Venomous Tentacula for the third time, he suspected that perhaps his concentration was elsewhere - despite the beautifully horrifying story on that page concerning a wizard and his unorthodox usage for Tentacula, and the resulting damage to his body parts.
A chill still lingered in the room despite the fact that the window was now shut. John turned away from the window, slid into his own bed, and it wasn’t until he had pulled the blankets over himself that he realized that he’d forgotten to draw the curtains closed.
” Bill whispered, nodding his head towards Greg’s retreating back. “What did he want? Are you in
John bucks against the man like a bronco, waiting to be ridden and tamed.
John rose from bed automatically. The movements were easy, thoughtless - push back the covers, swing his feet onto the ground, the same way he got out of bed for school each morning. By the time it occurred to him that he shouldn’t, he was already at the window.
“That’s because you’re not confident in your dancing ability.” Sherlock leapt off of the bed and walked over to the record player. He thumbed through John’s record collection, muttering to himself; his whole body vibrating with a sudden electric energy. “No, no, no, horrible,
by wandlight. Every now and again he looked up to watch John shift around in his sleep, which he seemed to do 2.5 times per hour. John was currently curled up into a tight ball on one side of the bed, the majority of his blanket gathered up in his arms and the sheet half off his bed.
John put his book down. He ran his tongue over his lips while Sherlock watched with great interest. “That’s true.”
“Well, winter curfew’s far worse,” said Molly.
“John!” Hazel said, burying her face against his small, warm body as she stood there, up to her thighs in the ocean water, shaking with both fear and relief. “Oh my god, John, Johnny, my boy.”
It was a relief when he finally found Bill and Mike, sitting all the way down in the corner. They were isolated from the rest of the table - and it became even more isolated once John sat down.
The only spell John really knew was the Levitating Charm, but he was fairly certain he could
“We are meant to live our lives in the light. We are meant to be home before the sun sets. And if you should stray from the goodness and the light, that way darkness lies.”
Afterwards they panted, shivering in a way they could not allow themselves to before. They were breathing together, coming back to themselves, coming back to each other. They were in this moment; everything was in this moment, the press of their sweat-slicked bodies against each other, locked together by flesh and metal and their arms around one another, their mouths finding each other in open, trembling kisses, neither of them focused enough to make it anything more refined than rubbing of lips and tongue. And they inhaled each other's breath, shared carbon dioxide and oxygen between them, and each of them thought,
He laughs a little. “So you see, John, in terms of failing him...it could have easily been me. And then neither of us would be here right now.”
?” John asked.
“What have I told you about swimming where Mummy can’t see you?” Hazel scolded. “You’ve frightened me and Daddy and a whole heap of other people!”
“And what’s that?” John wanted to know.
“Well, he must have gotten out somehow!” Hazel hissed. “If I didn’t forget to lock it, and you didn’t forget to lock it, and John can’t reach the locks, then
“Because tomorrow is Saturday and I needn’t attend any classes,” Sherlock drawled, like it was the most obvious thing in the world and it bored him - because it
“Oh.” The boy blinked, taken aback. “That’s not what people usually say.”
Victor shakes his head. “It wasn’t his fault. He was an addict. I mean, so was I. It was just by pure chance and sheer pigheaded stubbornness that I managed to walk away from my addiction. And I thought about it all the time, and every night I thought about his stupid cyanotic face, and I wondered if tonight would be the night that he’d OD for good, and I thought about what if, over and over and drove myself batty with it and eventually I just had to stop thinking. I found other ways to occupy my time.”
Sherlock would ask him, always careful, always checking on him. He was frustratingly gentle. Playing as if it were John's first time, and he had to be careful, careful, pushing his fingers inside one by one as John had lain, nervously willing, in the backseat of his car. Edge of danger in the timbre of Sherlock’s voice that made heat sweep over John’s cheeks, down his chest, the pit of his stomach. It was obvious in the flush of his nipples, the twitch and strain of his cock, the throb inside of him.
Sherlock looked at him, horribly affronted. Alcohol made John annoying, he decided.
“Well,” John says encouragingly, “It’s not too late. You’re still plenty young enough for a career change. How’s your flogging arm?”
What if what if what if.
“Tea and biscuits,” Sherlock ordered as he sat down, sinking down an inch or so into the comfy sofa.
to live with. Every holiday she’d come home with stories of school and of all the spells she’d learned, all the tricks and magic and new inventive ways with which she could torture her little brother. Even without her wand she could still wreak mischief; once she had turned John’s hair the colour and texture of candyfloss for two weeks. (It hadn’t tasted like candyfloss, both a tragedy and a godsend; it would be hard to explain to Mum that he’d eaten himself bald, even if it was Harry’s fault.)
He stands behind Victor and places his hands on his waist, turning him around.
“Yeah,” breathed John, and licked his lips. Sherlock was looking at him with that hungry sort of look that made a moan wind itself up in the bottom of John’s throat.  “And maybe you should fuck me over the hood of your car until I come all over it. Maybe you should fuck me until I can’t talk and the only thing I can say is your name. ”
. Then, in October of 1955, he saw
John had never been a delicate child. He was not afraid of a little pain. He’d sprained his ankle twice, he had broken it once. He had fallen out of trees and off of bikes, and he’d torn holes in nearly every set of trousers he owned. He was what his mum called a “rough-and-tumble” kind of boy, but he’d had to keep up with Harry, who was a “rough-and-tumble” kind of girl. Between the two of them, the Watsons kept the local chemist’s in business from supplies of Savlon cream and plasters alone.
. More of Sherlock’s cock, more of his force pinning John down to the sofa, more of whatever Sherlock wanted to give him.
A voice from memory, or maybe a dream.
“Nonsense, baby, everybody’s nervous their first time.” She kissed him, but he didn’t kiss her back. “Just relax, you’ll be fine.”
For the past two summers John worked as an usher in the movie theater making $1.10 an hour, which was real decent, especially for someone still in school. If he worked really hard, sometimes he could make up to 30, even 40 dollars a week. Most of it went towards groceries when Momma forgot, or couldn’t make it to the store. Come November it would go to birthday and then Christmas presents for Harry. John knew that money was tight and that he needed to help out since he was the man of the house, but somehow the liquor cabinet was always stocked even when the fridge wasn’t and so he never told his mother exactly how much he got paid. She was a hard-working woman but she was full of sorrows. John saved compulsively, never knowing when those rainy days were coming. There would always be something that needed fixing, the money was never enough, and sorrows always hovered on the horizon.
“Our boy’s alive!” Bill declared joyously.
“Are the poodles wearing tiny
"Now," Sherlock says, "Do you think you can take three fingers? For me?"
“That seat’s taken too,” she said, eyeing him the way one might a bug that had crawled up onto a picnic basket. A particularly large, yucky bug in a Gryffindor scarf. That it did not deserve to wear.
. Madam Pomfrey reached for a deep red one.
John is a crack shot. He picks tin cans off a fence with his rifle - 200 meters, 350 meters, 500.
John, completely bound up, was unable to do anything except take it. He moaned, wet and loud even through the gag, shuddering hard every time the head of Sherlock’s dick pushed against the swollen nub of his prostate.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know,” said John, and he sighed a little sigh.
Oh. Oops. Sherlock twisted free and backed quickly towards the door. “Actually I have a meeting with Lestrade and I’m running late. ” He snatched scarf and coat in the crook of one arm, camera in the other, and turned to flee out the door. “See you later, John, goodbye!”
“Hm,” said Sherlock, and kissed him, so that they could have some evidence for comparison.
So John got with Jeanette. He thought of it as going undercover, which was how he had rationalized Liza and Suzy and Pamela.  Of course, he had not actually gone under the covers with any of them. With Jeanette it was a real possibility. She was what they called a “fast” girl. She was like a Mercedes Gullwing Coupe or maybe a Chevy Corvette. And she had a heck of a classy chassis.
“Goodnight, John,” said Bill.
“Maybe I don’t want to be popular,” said John, who had only just had his first taste of what it meant not to be.
“What? No, of course not,” Bill said quickly. “People always act strange. Everybody’s strange. Duck!” The three of them ducked just in time to avoid the swarm of duck feather quill bundles that sailed over their heads.
Sherlock pulled back so that he could look at him. He was rewarded with the sight of John’s face nearly slack in bliss, eyes closed and lashes fluttering, mouth parted in a little ‘O’ to suck in air for the moans that escaped him. Sherlock skimmed his fingers down the edge of John’s jaw, down his throat, teasing the curve of a collarbone. John leaned forward, following the touch. Sherlock closed the distance and kissed him, slow as the trickle of traffic through London streets, until his John was reaching for him again, fingers brushing their way through his curls.
Montag Hall
The leg of a chair rolled under his heel as he stepped back. Sherlock landed with a sound thud and a loud “ugh.” The next thing he knew, he was sprawled on the floor, getting a unique perspective on the crack that had been developing in their ceiling.
He looked back up. The cross was the right way up, just as it had always been. The eyes of Jesus were painted blue, very blue, with a dot of black for the pupil and an even tinier dot of white for the shine. John could see that they’d even painted on eyelashes. They must have used a very tiny brush.
Now Sherlock had him seated on his cock, taking his time with him. He fucked him slow and easy. Thirteen. Lucky thirteen. A lovely, double-digit number: in the course of two hours, John had almost come thirteen times now, only to be denied when he needed it most. John was trembling and worn out, tired but oh so needy. Sherlock revelled in his desperation.
It occurred to John that sometimes Sherlock sounded a little like a budding supervillain. Or a master criminal.  At any moment now John expected him to rub his hands together and laugh with maniacal glee.
For they who were lost, in each other they are found.
Except that Bill was from an old Wizarding family, and he spoke with so much authority that John thought he probably knew what he was talking about.
Sherlock very carefully shifted his hand behind John’s back, so that his fingers curled, just at the edge of John’s hip. John sighed and shifted in closer.
In Boston, Sherlock says, they say that the cobblestone paths are the same that the founders of America walked upon, and when it rains in Government Center the air smells like the sea.
Sherlock thought quickly, as was usual for him.
“Patience was never one of my virtues,” Sherlock told him.
“Come on, then, John, let’s count to three,” Sherlock said. He looked at John skeptically. “You
Sherlock refused to take the blame for this. The things John was doing to that spoon were still illegal in at least 27 counties. Taking photos of
With each thrust, Sherlock’s lower abdomen brushed against John’s knuckles. He was so close now, fucking his own fist frantically in time to Sherlock’s cock fucking his hole, twin pleasures vibrating through him. He reached with his other hand down to where Sherlock had stretched him open and was moving in and out. He could feel everything there: the touch of his own fingers against his stretched-open rim, the solidity of Sherlock’s cock moving inside him. The sense of connection ripped through him, and, seizing up with pleasure he came with a shout, ribbons of come painting both their stomachs, his body rippling around Sherlock to shoot cascades of pleasure through him.
"Yes, but it has a much slower action time, and I simply do not have the time to sit here, applying direct pressure, while young Mr. Watson slowly heals."
“No, Mum,” said Hazel. “I suppose that I haven’t.”
He shouldn’t have come back here. It’s too soon. Sherlock haunts the flat; if he turns, he can see him sitting in his chair. If he listens he can hear the strains of violin playing over the noise of city traffic. Any moment now he’s going to hear the urgent pounding of steps running up the stairs, the banging of a door flung open on its hinges, an imperious voice exclaiming, “
Sherlock had claimed him for his. He didn’t need to say it. He didn’t need to tug John close and  whisper in his ear who he belonged to, although he did it anyway, to feel the shivers wrack through John’s compact little body. But this John already knew. John was his, every inch of him - his desperation, his need, the bead of sweat slowly trickling down his chest, the swallow of his throat, the frenetic beat of his heart.
Sherlock paused, and then added, ”Unless, of course...you happen to be scared of a little glowy light."
Art for this chapter provided by the inordinately talented
Something moved, just out of the corner of his eye. He whipped his head around, but there was nothing there. What was that unknown shape hunched over, just up the street? His heart squeezed, he held his breath. Why, it was only a mailbox. Trick of the dark. His mind was getting fanciful. Just like Momma said, all those tales of terror had filled up his head with ghosts and ghouls, and now they’d all come crawling out.
“You’re friends with
John wondered if Sherlock did anything to keep people from talking but he did not ask.
with someone.
“Oh!” said John suddenly. “Here’s a cab.”
Only awe,     and  a  deep  sense  of  completion.
“You’re absolutely wild,” Sherlock said. “C’mere,” and he twisted John’s clean, neatly-pressed shirt around his fist to pull him close and kiss him hot. John
It was very hot on the beach, with the sun beaming down on John’s back and shoulders and warm in his golden hair. The water glistened, the sunlight sparkling on it as if someone had upended a jar of coins all over the rolling blue blanket of ocean, like the time when John had emptied his piggybank all over his bed - only this was a hundred, million times more vast.
The first few familiar chords made John smile, followed by the soulful croon:
355 Galvez Street
They didn’t talk about it afterwards.
Sherlock stroked a thumb through the fine hairs at John’s nape. “You and your self-consciousness again.” Pressed close like this, his voice vibrated through both their chests. Bloody hell. If only John could record
John squints and his vision blurs, Sherlock’s image going soft like a smudge in a photograph. Maybe a day will come when the photographs he’s taken are all he’ll have left of Sherlock. It is a 4 am thought that he cannot shake.
Sherlock nodded in response, as if he approved. He handed Gladstone back to John and then hopped off the seat to go rummage in his trunk. From what John could see of its contents, it was an absolute mess, filled with odd bits and ends and potion bottles, nothing like the neatly-packed trunk his mum had prepared for him.
Sherlock’s hand trembled and then dropped.
Sherlock looked at the clock; if he took the time to explain slug mating habits and reproduction and their overall lack of familial structure and relationships, they would miss the window to actually add the slugs to the potion and their potion would be ruined. And if John worried about every Horned Slug they came across in Potions, he was bound to fail the entire course.
He makes a mess of it. Heat licking beneath his skin and he's waited too long to be careful, slathering his dick with the greasy jelly and smearing it over the crack of John's round little ass, spreading it over his hole. One hand on John's hip to hold him in place, the other hand guiding his dick. "This is going to be a bit more difficult," he warns. "But you can take it. For me. Deep breath now."
The sun had finally come out, after long days of rain.
He and Sarah did all the things that he always thought he would do with a girl. They went to the movies and they went to the malt shoppe. At school he carried her books for her and often held her hand. He even took her up to Makeout Point because he had that damn reputation to uphold. (Five States Watson or something? God only knew where
“Pity,” said Sherlock. “We could have split it. All the Honeydukes sweets we could eat, John! What a missed opportunity. Think it through next time.”
“Sherlock.” John’s voice was thinned out with need, barely able to get enough air to form words. “Please. Touch me.”
for being
Elvis croons.
Heady desire when he looks down at John writhing beneath him, rubbing up against him, desperate. John’s stiff nipples brushing against his when he lines them up just right, electricity sparking between them. John with cheeks flushed pink and skin hot, shivering and clutching at Sherlock’s back, fingers gripping tight. Arousal overwhelms him in dizzying waves; the blue skies of the walls are swirling and spinning around them.
“You snoop in my room all the time,” Sherlock protested.
"No no no, not
“I’ve...heard that before,” Sherlock quipped annoyingly, still clinging on to the camera, albeit a bit out of breath. “Although...in...a slightly different context!”
It had been like this when Sherlock had first come home, returned from the land of the not-dead. They had not kissed then. Instead John had touched him, fingers unwavering, trailing down Sherlock’s face. John’s breaths had been shallow. His hand had been steady, and his pulse had raced. Every touch had significance, every breath had counted, and Sherlock had measured the heartbeats in the seconds that they were together, cataloguing each detail. John had been so still; as always, he was the calm and unblinking eye when life stormed around him. Only his fingers had moved, re-learning the angles of Sherlock’s face, like a blind man trying to see. Each one of them had been cataloguing the other.
John’s mouth was so perfectly hot and wet all around him. And when John hollowed his cheeks and sucked it was almost too much, this velvet tightness around his dick. It was difficult to believe John had never sucked cock before him. That knowledge was rapturous in itself; how inexperienced John had once been, the chastity of his mouth now tainted with the fruit of knowledge.
To which Sherlock would answer, “Did you hear about Gareth Jones? He collapsed of a fatal cardiac event in the middle of the live television production of
He got hard. That was a relief. Of course he was a teenager and sex was on the menu and Jeanette was gorgeous, and he wanted her, but somehow it was still a relief that he could.  He was excited, erect, aroused. He wasn’t deficit or bent or broken. He loved the way she kissed him and the softness of her body. He was still all right.
But most of all he wanted to know what went on inside John’s brain. He wanted to open it up and have a peer around, run his fingers over it until it told him all sorts of stories too. That part he could not see or touch and he did not understand.
“Do you like Bakewell tarts?” John asked, pulling out the package that his mum had packed for him earlier.
He didn't even know they made 'em like this. Free-standing, just out in the open air, not contained inside a theater.
And that was all right. That was fine. It was exactly as Sherlock had predicted and he was, as always, right, and he couldn’t care any less, really, it wasn’t like people ever existed for any real purpose other than to be great disappointments to him. Sherlock pounded the mortar with the pestle so hard that the whole lab bench shook and glass vials rattled, pulverising the snake fangs into fine dust. And at no point did he look down to the empty seat beside him.
“I hate you,” John says, breath catching on the
“Fine, give it here.”
Sherlock presses on the outside of John's perineum with his thumb, while his finger rubs insistently inside, direct pressure on the little gland.
“You can’t call it by its name, it’s not a dog,” Sherlock said. “And even a dog wouldn’t be able to respond to the name you gave it only five seconds ago.”
By dinnertime, news of Gryffindor’s devastating loss of House points had spread. The moment John entered the Great Hall, he was treated to a thunderous round of applause from the Slytherin table.
a beautiful room, that much was obvious  - despite Sherlock’s best attempts to destroy it, with the plush white carpet dotted with cigarette burns and mysterious stains, and the chandelier hanging, broken, from the high ceiling.
Home: the black door with the gleaming bronze letters, the wallpaper with the bullet holes, John’s chair,
John makes a little sound at that last word. That last word, especially.
“They might,” said Mike. “They’re Slytherins, so they’re all mes--” He cut himself off at John’s sharp look. “Sorry, John.”
“Look, children,” said Hazel, “Cows.”
“God was created by man, to fend off the unknown; a being born from fear,” Sherlock intoned; as convincing as any preacher. Perhaps more so, for he spoke of rationality, rather than religion. “Do not let it rule you.”
There were a number of reasons that John could be missing. He could have simply fallen ill, and gone to the Infirmary rather than attend classes today. There was that Vesuvian Vomitus going around, after all - only Sherlock had already expressly advised him how to avoid it. Or worse, something might have happened to him en route to class; poor John could have fallen victim to any of the unknown horrors that prowled the school hallways. Then again, this was unlikely, as the most recent edition of
But for now, right now, they touched, and kissed, and laughed, and teased; each one all tied up in the other, neither of them able to think of any place better to be.
With his mouth stuffed full John could form no words. He couldn’t even beg. He could only whine out small, animalistic sounds. He could only plead with his eyes, large and dark and glistening wet with frustration.
“You want me to spy on him for money,” John said dubiously.
“You’ll be just fine,” Mike reassured him. “And if I can’t have your bed, can I at least have your stuff?”
The three points of pleasure lit up inside his brain like a Christmas tree. John writhed freely under Sherlock’s weight, the burn and squirm of humiliation in his stomach mingling with the heat of his desire. It was all just pure molten arousal, in the end, and Sherlock was the one doing this to him. Caught off-guard, he yelped when Sherlock suddenly pinched his nipple hard, and the pleasure turned into an equally bright spike of sensuous pain. Looking down, he caught Sherlock’s eyes fixed upon him, his gaze unflinching and unabashedly lustful. Sherlock hummed against his chest with a little smile, and nibbled ever so gently at the nipple he still had in his mouth.
Of course there were always exceptions. It was the first solved case since Sherlock’s return, and Lestrade had invited them out to the pub afterwards with the rest of the Yarders to celebrate. Sherlock could not imagine anything more interminably dull, but he took one look at John’s face, flushed and happy and alive, and the next thing he knew he was sitting on a stool, hand clenched tightly around a glass full of scotch.  John was laughing at something Lestrade had said, the sight of him brilliant in the dim, dirty crowd.
John was missing.
Harry hugs him suddenly, tight and fierce in a way that she hasn’t since he was eleven years old and afraid of the dark.
“John, we’ve seen them be mean to the Hufflepuff first years,” Mike said. “We’ve seen them make people cry, and everybody knows they cheat--”
like that,” Sherlock sniffed. “But not like
“That’s not possible. He’s perfectly fine now.”
He’d followed Sherlock into an empty classroom that afternoon, sat down on a desk and let Sherlock kiss him breathless. They’d propped a chair against the door to prevent anyone from coming in unannounced, although by that hour the only person left at school was probably the janitor, maybe the principal.
“Now this is the part where you kiss her,” said Sherlock.
Then they were stopped. They were on a cliff, looking out at the large moon and the vast black curtain of night. The city was below; glimmering and full of lights. The sky was above, glimmering and full of stars.  The sky opened. Before them, there was a giant movie screen, unlike any John had ever seen before.
They make quick work of his shirt, joining the suit jacket and Sherlock's leather jacket on the floor. John’s eyes upon him, on the long, lean lines of his body; the dizzying rush of being the singular point of John Watson’s attention. Sherlock cups John’s face on either side with both hands, blocking out peripheral vision, until all John can see is him.
The doors to the houses opened and whoever was home stepped out; mostly the ever-vigilant mothers in their smocks and their frocks, their housedresses speckled with daisies.
Satan slithering forth in the form of a black serpent, and the choir was starting to sing the
"Ah, yes...the bravery of the little Gryffindor. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don't you think?"
Nobody else notices the stranger, but John’s eye is drawn to his swagger, and shamefully, the deliberate movement of his hips. He walks like he tames broncos. A real cowboy. Like John Wayne, that unconquerable loner. Long, lean lines and a figure sharp enough to cut glass. He probably smokes Marlboros. There’s a feeling in John’s throat so tight and dry that he gulps down his Coke too quick to counter it and the bubbles burn him all the way down.
be what they're trying to do?"
A few days later, the sand would be back. John was scolded time and time again, and he would protest, “But Mummy, I do!” every time she told him to clean off before bed. She told him she didn’t fancy him turning their house into the bottom of an hourglass. When he came in from outside, he was marched straight upstairs for a bath. New house rules were put into place: all shoes to be taken off outside, and left in the foyer.
my favourite Bond movies?”John said, speaking to someone - mostly himself - as he stared, fixated, at the screen. He was not speaking to Sherlock, that was for sure.
“Perhaps a being can be dead and living at the same time.”
The chill of the early morning rippled through him, making him shiver.
"What did you go and do that for?” John said, barely able to comprehend the carnage that lay around him now: glass and squirming slugs
The Hogwarts Express must travel very fast. The trees and buildings looked so very blurry through the window; it all made John blink rapidly.
John and Sherlock did not speak on the cab ride back to Baker Street. The space between them vibrated with silence. Sherlock placed his hand down on the seat in the space between them, John’s hand resting next to his. Their pinkie fingers brushed against one another, right hand against left, and then their hands stilled. Neither of them were shaking, visibly.
“No, thank you,” Sherlock replied icily. “You’re far too slow to be able to keep up with me in any sort of project. You’d only get in the way and impede my progress. Potions is a very exact magic. One little mistake or missed measurement could ruin the whole brew, and it would take
If he turned around too quickly he might see something, or if he closed his locker door too suddenly there might be someone standing there. He had the horrible feeling that if he looked up in the bathroom mirror his eyes would meet another pair of eyes there, a tall dark figure looming behind him.
“Hurray!” cheered John, and he hugged the slug to him briefly, getting slime on his robes. Then he looked dubiously at the other slugs in the jar. “You don’t suppose they’re related, do you? Like...those aren’t his mummy and daddy or brothers or sisters or friends in there?”
She made her way down the hall, stopping briefly to peek in on Harriet. Harry was asleep, curled around the cat, who was also asleep on her bed.
Bill threw up his hands. "Honestly, John, you can be such a
When Victor finally pushes inside of him, it’s a heavy,full feeling that makes him keen and gasp, Victor’s hand on his cock stroking him, coaxing him through it, telling him to push out, relax, you can do it and then John’s mind is so overloaded with sensation - especially when Victor begins to rock and rub inside of him - his mind, it goes completely blank. Being filled like this wipes it clean, he’s too overwhelmed for thought or speech, nothing left except for the connection of their bodies together and Victor rubbing gently in and out of him and the thump of blood in his hard dick between them. He is painfully, wonderfully, still aware of who it is inside of him, fucking him in Sherlock’s bed, and Victor squeezes his hand as he pins it to the mattress, and whispers in his ear, “John, John, John, “ as he rocks into him, and then thrusts into him, the headboard knocking rhythmically against the wall. Victor fucks him slowly, careful for his first time and all John can feel is the heat of their bodies and pleasure that sparks bright inside of him, and he wants it to drag on forever, nothing to think about, nothing left but this feeling, ache and fullness and pleasure and pain all twisted together.
” Hazel yelled out, to nobody in particular.
“Wow!” John exclaimed, breathless with exhilaration. “That was brilliant!”
He feels his body being jolted, tossed about and invaded, wet sounds of their bodies moving together; he feels the intoxication of hypoxia, the sheer ecstasy of complete surrender; how safe he is in that moment, how treasured, completely used and taken over, blackness on the edges of his vision and then seeping in, teetering on the razor edge of unconsciousness, the low drum of blood in his ears and the quietness of his lack of breath and lungs burning and Sherlock’s cock inside of him, hard and fucking him and he can’t breathe, he’s suffocating slowly and everything is all right, shh, it’s all right can’t breathe but it’s all right—
“Oh,” said John. “Well, thank you.”
“Hmm. Perhaps I should assign you two some homework, then?” said Professor Hudson, thoughtfully. “Since you do have so much wasteful free time after all, according to Mr. Murray, and nothing productive with which to fill it.”
Altogether, now.
In a word, Sherlock was shameless.
It would be like that, but with John and another little boy. Harry would have a new little brother, and his parents would have another son. John swallowed hard to fight the lump in his throat. Sherlock's eyes sparkled like sunlight on water: promising and bright.
“I feel really silly,” said John.
your face when you sleep.”
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to be taken aback. “Oh,” he said, and felt the heaviness ease out and slip away. “I never thought of it that way before.”
This was his, John’s pleasure and the adamant denial of it. The shadow of his dark gold lashes against his flushed cheeks, his stoppered breath, the arch of his spine, the twitch of his cock, the hot, sweet clasp of his tight and greedy hole - that all belonged to Sherlock.
"You just want to follow that Watson's Wenches blog, don't you?" Sherlock said.
Sherlock took John’s hands by the wrist and pinned them behind his back as if John were under arrest. John gasped. Or maybe he moaned. He thought that they could certainly be arrested for what they were doing. They were guilty of a number of crimes. Homosexuality. Public indecency. Lewdness. Sodomy. Well, not that last one, not yet.
Sherlock's blog is
“I’m serious, Thomas!”
Molly had said.
Harry is waiting up for him when John lets himself in with the spare key she has given him. “Late night for you,” she remarks as she takes his jacket. “At least you don’t smell like booze.”
John’s face was smooth against him and smelled strongly of cheap aftershave and honey. John’s skin, fresh from the shower, was warm and clean against his tongue, sweetened by the golden glaze. It was everywhere, a sticky film on everything it touched, much like John.
John laughs a little when they break for air, his fist curled and resting on Sherlock's chest, his fist the size of his heart.  "Say, what’s Makeout Point actually called? I mean, really?"
What if by going over to Jeanette’s he had essentially rejected Sherlock. What if he had told him, inadvertently, that  he was going with her from now on. What if Jeanette was all he was meant to have now. Not that he had her anymore, either; not ever again.
Her voice broke with desperation. The wind stung the wetness on her cheeks.
it Billy, I don’t think it’s his actual name. I don’t know the name of the person whose head it belonged in when he was alive,” John said, which somehow, curiously, did not help matters.
“Dead,” John forced himself to say, one syllable thudding on his tongue. “Sherlock, you’re dead.”
John then stops a man so that he and Sherlock can get their picture taken together. The two of them crowd together to see the developing picture: first the outline of their heads, close together, then John’s wide smile, their shoulders just barely touching, the both of them squinting awkwardly in the sun, Sherlock not-not-smiling. Unseen: Sherlock’s hand, lightly resting on the small of John’s back.
He felt his core temperature increase by a degree or two.
California. Land of sun and beaches lined with palm trees, the white letters of HOLLYWOOD standing proud over green hills. The place where dreams came true. He knew nothing about California other than what he’d seen on TV, where the sunlight was so bright it turned stretches of sand into glowing swathes of white. It had looked just like paradise to a young John Watson, who, at 8 years old, knew little outside of a farmhouse, an annoying little sister, a distracted mother, and a father who smelled of whiskey and had a fondness for the belt.
"Oh," Irene titters. "You are real gone, aren't you? Never thought I'd live to see the day. Who's the lucky lady? Not anyone I know, I would be able to tell by now."
He nudged his nose up the arc of John’s throat, brushing along the skin, tracing delicately. He breathed him in; the warm musk of John - imagined he could still smell that sharp, sour note of adrenaline in sweat.
And then he said, “Wait, where is it?”
“Am I going to have to get stitches?” John asked Madam Pomfrey calmly as she tsk’d over his black eye and the swelling gash on his forehead.
The wind rustled through the trees, the branches and leaves whispering surreptitiously. John shivered. The warmth of the day had been leeched out by the darkness, leaving only a chill in the air. He was aware of the sting in his lungs from his panting, the squeak of the wheels of his bike, the tiny metallic jingle of his bike chain dragging along the pavement. The sound of his own breath. The wetness of a small trickle of blood down his shin.
it. In fact, I’m fairly sure he loved heroin more than he loved me. By quite a bit, too.”
“And I should mention that we do
“She’ll like it, if you hold her close like this.” Sherlock’s hand slid from his waist to the small of his back, holding him tenderly. “Are you paying attention?”
. He was not a
“But I know what really keeps you awake at night.  There are things you’ve seen. Things you’ve heard. And if you think back, far back into your memory, you remember something calling you out into the night...”
Two days of surreptitious ransacking of John’s belongings later, Sherlock concluded that John had
“Anyway, if we could smoke it, snort it, pop it, inject it - we tried it. And it was great fun, and as a result I don’t remember a large portion of my uni career, but I do remember that it was great fun.” He sighs and makes a reach for his beer on the nightstand. It’s just beyond arm length - he barely brushes it with his fingertips. He gives up. “It was all fun and games, in fact, until one day, Sherlock discovered heroin.”
Sherlock watched, rapt, as John tiredly, shakingly, attempted to fuck himself on his cock.
On Monday, John was alternately ignored by his Housemates or shoved past when they walked by. Being of small size and stature, this sent him on some spectacular stumbles, but he managed to recover and stand his ground, only dropping his books once.
“Ah,” says Victor. “You haven’t been back since…”
“Give him detention,” Sherlock demanded. “You can do that, can’t you? Give him detention in the Forbidden Forest with raw steaks tied to him.”
Respectable, decent white-collar job. Any parent would be proud. John, with his caring, careful hands that cover Sherlock’s and linger there.
“You’re so good for me,” Sherlock praised him.
there, right out in the bloody sitting room, never mind that anyone could walk in at any time!” Victor finishes. “It’s like, look, mate, I didn’t sign up to be part of this one-person nudist colony.”
Dreams of falling usually signify insecurity, instability, and anxiety. According to an old wives’ tale, if a person does not wake up before he hits the ground, then he will die in real life. John knows, of course, that this is patently untrue. A person can dream of hitting the ground as many as 7-10 times a night. He may wake up trembling and sweating, he may wake up panicked and distraught, but he will wake up all the same.
“We’re in Kansas,” Sherlock says, absolutely disgusted.  “Five hours ago we were in Kansas. And we are still in Kansas. We’re never leaving Kansas. I hate this country. It’s a nightmare. Eternal Kansas.”
John Watson, who’d been sitting in the row directly behind them, looked up from pretending to read his history book. “Why am I being dragged into this?”
John had to get home, and fast.
had something to say to him today, none of it any good.
John found himself stepping forward, almost reflexively. He wanted to be closer to that voice, those eyes. And maybe closer meant other things as well, things he had no idea of and could not name, but the growing heavy tug in the pit of his stomach promised it would be
“If it’s going to have a name, then it should be a halfway decent name at least. Like, say...Rachmaninoff.”
Merry Christmas Bonus: The kitten jumper!!
” was what the psychiatrist wrote in Sherlock Holmes’s file.
your position of defending Sherlock Holmes.”
” Carl reiterated. “Everybody knows Holmes is never up to any good, I don’t know if you’ve heard, Professor, but he’s a fledgling Dark Wizard, and Watson has proved that he’s a House traitor, and I was just on my way to do homework and they
“Jiss put it under Sheridan Hope,” Sherlock drawled, trying out a Midwestern twang. “And this here’s mah colleague, Ormond Sacker.”
*lies down* _(:3」∠)_
John considered this for a moment. While it would have been nice to share it with Harry, maybe it was better to go on his own with Sherlock. Then it would be something super-special, and he could tell her all about it after.
“Called 999, got him to the hospital, of course. And they woke him up - a little naloxone always does the trick, as you know - and I stayed with him, and within an hour he was right as rain and complaining again, demanding to be discharged and terrorising the nurses. He refused to believe that he’d almost died. I told him to go to rehab. He sneered at me. So I left. Went straight home and packed my things.”
“I’m glad you can laugh,” smiled Dr. Lawrence. “It’s very healthy to be able to laugh at oneself. And while I don’t like to use those words, ‘mad’ or ‘crazy’ - you are neither mad or crazy. You have been under a lot of stress lately, I understand. You report that you haven’t gotten a full night’s worth of sleep in months. You say that your appetite has been poor. This all started when John began sleepwalking. Naturally, your greatest fear is that he will come upon some danger - most likely wander into the water - and you will be unable to protect him. Therefore you have begun to personify the ocean. You fear its unknown depths, its possible danger. This is all very reasonable.”
promising
“Another round!” Victor declares, slamming his fist down at the bar. “This one’s on me.”
It was a very bad idea. He was scared of what he might do if Sherlock were to enter his bedroom, scared of what he might want.
“No, of course you don’t,” Mycroft agreed. Sherlock despised him for being so agreeable.
, so I wouldn’t have to live my life knowing what an uncool brother I have.”
And then there was the time Sherlock had surfaced from his Mind Palace to find John asleep on his shoulder on the sofa, the repeating jingle from the DVD menu of John’s latest movie obsession burned into his mind as background noise.
John isn’t attracted to men, but there are certain men who sometimes make you wonder, a little. Make your eyes wander, a little. And if he can admit that, maybe now he can say that, Sherlock was very unconventionally attractive. And Sherlock was the kind of man who took up all your attention and left no room for anything else.
There was only one person, really, who often found himself in the unenviable position of being Sherlock’s part-time nemesis. “Did he offer you money to spy on me?” Sherlock asked.
“Of course he’s real, what else would he be?” Sherlock scoffed. “You may touch, if you like.”
"Am I interrupting something?" John says tightly; in about .45 seconds his expression has gone from shocked to quietly furious.
Sherlock looked down at him, sharp pale eyes scanning John’s face, as if he could read every lipsticked kiss that had ever been pressed to John’s mouth, every mascara’d eyelash that had every fluttered against John’s cheek, every rouged cheek that had ever rubbed against his. In moments like this the spectres of girlfriends past hung around John like a cloud of fading perfume. Sherlock hated it. John wasn’t sure whether that was more the reminder that somebody else had got to John first, or resentment at something holding John back from him.
He orders a Coke, without the straw. He might not be able to order beer but he’s gonna drink his Coke like a man, goshdarnit.
“Right,” said John, nodding. “That’s me sorted. Why are you here?”
“I wouldn’t want to break a promise,” John said. “And I won’t forget.”
"Not really," said Mike.
In Glastonbury, in England, Sherlock says, there is one high hill, the Tor, and it's said that this was the place that King Arthur built Camelot.
Sherlock leaves a line of bruises along his jawline, each one like a brand seared on with his mouth, defying the soft woolen security of a turtleneck. Let people look. Let people see. He wants to brand John all over, ruin that pretty silken skin until it is covered with traces and marks of him in bites and bruises, all that flesh worked over and maybe then that will be enough to satisfy that urge to sign him, to carve his initials into him,
The Head Boy continued, "What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?"
“John?” she said, into the darkness.
He thought about what John had said, earlier that day, that no one bullied his
“Maybe I want you to dirty me up,” John said. Three buttons of his crisp shirt were undone, and, holding Sherlock’s gaze, he flicked open another one.  He liked the way that Sherlock’s breath caught, the way he looked at John like he shouldn’t have done that, which made John glad that he
” she screamed, staggering to her feet, John gathered up in her arms. Her entire front was soaked with bathwater. She struggled to open the bathroom door. “
He stroked John until John was whimpering and trying to wriggle away. John shook his head, eyes wide and pleading; it was far too much. Sherlock held onto him tight, one hand on his hip, his own dick snug still in the warm clasp of John’s body. John’s dick was flushed red and raw-looking, twitching in Sherlock’s hand. It was surely oversensitive. He stroked John until John was actually nearly crying, and then until Sherlock could see tears drip down his cheeks, until John was begging for mercy through his gag, and Sherlock kept touching him, kept stroking until John shuddered again and his dick spurted with one final pathetic dribble that was more precum than anything else.
Sherlock would certainly have given her a false identity.
On nights when the moon is full and bright as polished bone, and the sea pulls away from the earth in rising tides, there is a song that spirals deep in the whorls of John’s mind.
Sherlock nearly comes on the spot and he grits his teeth against the flood of arousal. "Say it," he growls, voice gone low and rough with lust.
“See, Bill?” Mike said. “I told you that your disguises don’t work.”
Two fingers slid in easy, pulling the sort of moan from John that told Sherlock of the burn that he must feel and yet he pushed back, asking for more, greedy for it. Two fingers spread apart and into the vee of them Sherlock slid his tongue, flickered it in and out. John’s thighs shook and Sherlock could feel the muscles quiver beneath his hand. Sherlock’s dick twitched in response to every small whimper, the both of them burning with the knowledge that John would get more when Sherlock was ready for it, not when John thought he was, no matter the amount of pleading or begging.
John and Sarah dated for seven months, a small eternity in high school time. Everybody considered her jacketed even if John never actually gave her his jacket, even after he made Varsity. He planned on giving her his class ring, though, because that was the thing to do when you’d been together for an eternity. He took her out to dinner at a nice restaurant in town - Angelo’s - and sat her down across from the table where he and Sherlock often sat.  She was a decent girl, so patient with him, so kind. All understanding like; she never asked for too much or demanded answers John couldn’t give.  So he looked into her eyes over candlelight and took her hand in one of his, reached into his pocket with the other, said, “Sarah, I have something for you…”
“There's not much to tell…” said John. He was, after all, perfectly normal. He went to school and played sports and had a few friends that he saw after school and on the weekends.
“What?” Greg said, confused. Apparently he had not heard of Liz-Beans either, and John felt better that he knew something that a fifth-year Prefect didn’t. “No, no. What I mean is, you have an excellent build for a Seeker. Ever play Quidditch?”
“I am well aware, Mr. Powers,” Professor Hudson said tightly. “Perhaps you should consider that the next time you decide to bully another student and get involved in a fight.”
She went back to bed then, but she did not sleep. Instead she lay awake, eyes and ears open, waiting for sound. She lay very still and tried not to think about that strange phrase that tumbled around her mind in the darkness -
“Oh,” John breathes.
“Nothing like that,” John said, and was even a little embarrassed to admit the truth.
But he was going to make it. He could not tell the exact moment the sun went under but he knew that he was going to make it. He had the yellowing light of twilight still, maybe 20 minutes more till curfew, and only ten more minutes to home safe home.
"No, you don't," Sherlock cooed. "You can have dinner with me."
He grinned up at Sherlock brightly.
Despite the fact that it was fairly mild out that Sunday, the heat in the church was turned up full blast. The radiator had broken last week and they had yet to get it fixed. From their wooden pew John could hear it hissing, a constant soft sibilance in the background, particularly loud in the brief periods of quiet between the neighborly chatter and before the prayer.
Sherlock, with his hands on John’s shoulders. A frantic skitter of a thought: the drop that trickles down the back of John’s neck - is that water or sweat?
He wanted to ruin John and reconstruct him in all the ways Sherlock needed him.
,” panting hard and heated. God or the devil depending; heaven or hell. Sherlock held John down and open with both hands, and forced him to take his tongue right where he needed it - pushing it into his hole, all hot and filthy and wet.
“Tom!” Hazel said, shaking Mr. Watson. “I can’t see John!”
“Oh,” John said, and smiled at her.
“Blank walls, few items of interest, the standard crucifix on the wall -” This last item noted with a wry smile - “This is the bedroom of a boring goody-two shoes,”  Sherlock said. “Someone ordinary. You’re very neat. I bet you even have your mother fooled. But you keep your real interests hidden away - there’s a stash of horrific tales right underneath your bed, isn’t there?”
It’s wholly unfair when his own moves are used against him, but he’s not complaining.
John turned around instinctively at the sound of his name, to find Sherlock standing there, his dark hair outlined by golden sun in the early morning light.
“What? Oh.” John tilted the camera towards himself and carefully slid his finger to a spot less populated with buttons. “How do you work this thing?” he muttered, not needing any answers, especially not from his stalker of a boyfriend.
Sherlock tosses John’s copy of
"Why would I want to be a bat-man? I don't want to eat insects," Sherlock said, making a little face of distaste. That had been determined by an ill-advised experiment four years ago. Moths were dusty and awful. Mosquitoes didn’t taste all that much like blood. And ‘butterfly” was
A finger to Mycroft’s lips silenced him.
“Sherlock, Sherlock!” whispered John.
“That wasn’t very intelligent, Mister Holmes, and you seem to be a remarkably intelligent man.”
“Good boy,” I muttered as I began to maul the other side of his neck.
In July just as in January
The song is part of
key.” John pointed.
John looked down and brushed Sherlock’s damp curls out of his eyes.
“Which is?”
Ginger?
“Haven’t we?” retorted Mycroft, gesturing to the coffees before them.
“Sally.”
“Change of plan.”
own a Parisian postcard.”
One recipe for Jingle Juice is red moscata, vodka, cran apple juice, prosecco and frozen cranberries.
you.”
But then who would I be fighting? More than likely one of Moriarty’s agents, fighting with the knowledge that my efforts were akin to ripping out only the green, topside bits of the weed, leaving the root behind to regenerate elsewhere.
Sherlock wasn’t romantic, and when it came to Christmas, he was a veritable Scrooge. Nevertheless, he was preparing to welcome John home that evening with a fire in the fireplace, a lovely fir decorated with all the trimmings, and a slightly warm champagne toast.
I nodded, unable to speak, my eyes brimming.
“I’m working.”
Mycroft untied the sash; the robe fell open. His dark feathery eyelashes fluttered.
“Seven,” said John.
He pulled away.
Their light cast a halo about Sherlock’s tousled curls.
“—these fellows carved in the manner of Renaissance sculptures, I arrived at the conclusion that not one of them could hold a candle to the work of art I have at home.”
“—but there is something in what you say. The Bard wrote that ‘There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune.”
Sebby knew just how to torture him—Seb knew just how to torture other people, too, of course, but that wasn’t the point. Ball gag to silence Jim’s mouth meant other parts were going to get extra, extra special Sebby attention.
“Good. Sometimes returned soldiers find such noises quite detrimental to their peace of mind.”
“It was recommended to me on YouTube.”
Irene’s eyes widened. “God, yes.” She looked over at the sofa. “Let me check on those naughty girls over there and I’ll be right back.”
John climbed the ladder. “You know, I’m not world’s only consulting detective, but these look fresh. Mrs. Hudson may have a copycat egger on her hands.” He turned and caught Sherlock’s eye. “You know the shirt says ‘No peeking!’” he teased.
John’s head jerked back, and Harry planted sloppy kisses on the side of his neck and the leather collar.
“My hands shook!” cried Watson. “That’s why there was too much pepper in the eggs this morning.” He held out the culprits, palms up, and added gloomily, “If you haven’t deduced it by now.”
the sugar. Johnlock. Silly crack. For a case! Drugged sex. With a cameo by our favourite criminal mastermind and his sniper. Oral. Anal.
I studied the documents.
Molly nodded. “And leave pomegranates out? What’s that all about?”
Sally squeezed a firm hand down Stella’s arm. “Hands?”
Stella nodded.
Lestrade snorted. “In that case…oh, fuck, well, I’ve certainly forgot about whatever it was I was going to forget about. Oh, yeah.” He let his head roll back until it hit the wall. “God, you’re a clever lad, aren’t you?”
Watson. Beyond the ken.
“No, I am afraid not.”
“Bill?” I asked.
Your fingers trace the winged beast.
“Hopkins. Donovan. It’s going to have to wait. I’m still on holiday.”
My implement touches something rather hard that doesn’t move.
I hurled the parchment into the fire and growled, “Go to hell,” then shuffled off to bed.
Holmes settled beside me and began to hold forth on the hives in his gentle, pleasant drone that was a comfortable and familiar to me as the woolly mufflers.
Holmes played his violin and paced about the room.
I must say there are few sights which can still wrath quicker than a nest of sleeping baby bunnies.
“Yeah, I’ll be praying for clouds.”
Gorgeous cake!
“Oh, um,” she looked at her watch, “I suppose it’s lovely.”
“I have not been in the country so long as to dabble in the art polite insincerity, Watson, especially with the one,” Holmes turned away, “who knows my ways so well.”
Seb kissed Molly’s shoulder and grunted. “Ready baby? I think we’re really close.”
Plot is from "The Affair at the Bungalow" by Agatha Christie.
“Thank you, my dear.” Jim squished the two wafers together; melted marshmallow and chocolate oozed. “All right. Try this, Seb.”
I've seen a few recipes, but usually a Candy Cane has peppermint schnapps and something creamy (like white chocolate liquor).
“I can see that,” said John. “Were you hiding there the whole time?”
Summary: Holmes overdoses on novels again, but Watson has the antidote. Crack.
When the raft was ready, they floated across the pond.
“She knew a lot more,” said Watson. “But she persisted in the belief that she could tell a murderer just by looking at him, so she went to talk to you before she talked to Holmes.”
“Oh, no, Holmes.”
Sherlock did not look up. “Experiment.”
“I know, boss. They’re good, yeah?”
Unzipping. Squirting.
“Of course, but you must remember one vital point, my dear man.”
He remembers John’s words—“
There wasn’t a good word for the emotion Molly felt when she got the email declaring that there had been a grievous payroll error and that she was not to report back to work until Monday.
“You needn’t be so stingy with it.”
Mycroft nodded.
“You don’t like it?”
The night has been too bitter. Too cold. Too sharp. Too bureaucratic. Too much wasted time and too little to show for it. Too old world, old school, old country. All the inefficiency, none of the charm.
Oh, God, it was wonderful to be so wise.
“Quite possibly.” Molly sighed at the plates before them. “Can we go to bed?”
He was already setting himself to rights, but I, shameless cur, still had my spent prick out. I cupped his chin with one hand and kissed him. My body stirred the taste of my own sex on his lips, and I knew at once that lunch was to be intermission, not denouement.
“My memory’s blank.”
She huffed. “I didn’t know I would like it so much, watching you wrangle a bunch of squirming reptiles.”
I reached for his hand and squeezed it gently.
John made a noise to indicate he did not find it interesting.
and this funny
“Dangerous is your cheekbones,” John sighed as he let himself be stroked to hardness. “Kiss me, you gorgeous git.”
“I knew you’d turn up. But it was a bit like a comic book, wasn’t it? Mister Freeze. But my superhero partner swooped in, kicked arse, and saved the day.”
It was a hot water bottle encased in a fur muff.
“What do you want?”
“Much.”
“A bit,” breathed John. “Please.”
“Please, Watson.” He was kissing my inner thigh so sweetly, I could scarcely refuse.
“Don’t tell me I woke you, love?”
Then the fingers had begun teasing her clit in earnest.
Seb howled. “Yeah, man!” He stepped towards Sherlock with his free hand raised. “High five!”
“Well, it is almost July. May I?”
The voice was a rather pleasant, rumbly baritone.
“So pretty.”
They sigh and exhale the last of the iron will that has kept their desire—not the hot-and-heavy-
At this, Toby strode out the bedroom.
They were kissing now, rough and hard, Lestrade holding Mycroft’s head while Mycroft buried his fingers in Lestrade’s hair. When the kiss broke, all Mycroft could think to do was lick his lips, all he could think to say was,
And then Sherlock is drinking not just John’s blood, but her orgasm, too. And the combination is, quite frankly, delicious.
“I don’t sneeze.”
“You know I am.”
The burn, the stretch, is perfect.
“What, pins?”
“Depends on who’s being watched. You did very well, by the way, with your part.”
I stared at him for a moment, then laughed. “Keeping a running tally, are you?”
He smirked.
Summary: Watson’s own fears of the countryside manifest in a nightmare.
“Please don’t use that phrase in front of Mister Holmes, Marie. It may give him ideas.” Martha eyed the glass on the table. “Why you haven’t touched your port.”
“But then again, too few to mention,” I added. “But let’s see:
“Hypothermia from jump off pier.”
“I apologise for abandoning you, but as I could not contribute to the discussion and was in danger of embarrassing us both by further yawning—”
“Now, my dear Watson,” said Holmes, snapping on his own leather cap and setting the lenses in place. “it is a simple matter of opening a door.”
twin.”
“Well, that’s a change,” he said as he entered. “No smoke.” His eyes widened when he saw Mrs. Hudson with the gun—his gun—and Bessie with the fire poker. Both weapons were aimed at Holmes, who was hunched in his armchair, looking much like a punished schoolboy.
“I love you with all my heart, Sherlock, you brilliant, gorgeous, mad beast of a man.”
Title: Ploughman's Lunch
'verse.
John smiled into his glass.
“Then I’ll have a couple more days to recover before I have to face the real world once more.”
One corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched, and John watched his change of expression with interest. A clever retort formed, grew to maturity, and then was interred without a sound ever escaping Sherlock’s lips.
prompt:
As soon as the other bath-goers had abandoned the chamber, Holmes extended himself along the length of a bench with all the grace and self-satisfying pleasure of a basking lizard.
“This.” Sherlock held up a red jumper. “Happy Christmas, John,” he said as he laid it on the bar beside John’s pint.
“How do you—?”
To the quilt draped in half along the back of the settee.
“Where’s Matthews?” asked Molly.
Seb folded Jim in two, holding his legs spread and his knees back. He leaned in for another kiss that went on long enough for him to push in and bottom out. He pulled back and looked at Jim through hooded eyes.
“Yes, the affected parties have been quarantined at Barts, and the Hazardous Materials Team has decontaminated the flat.”
Mycroft kissed him, an achingly soft kiss. “I will endeavor to do so.”
“Stop,” said Sherlock gently. He cleaned himself and tucked his prick back in his pajamas bottoms and returned the used flannel to John, who grimaced at it before turning and walking back down the hall to the bathroom.
“Careless, that,” he replied in a husky whisper. He studied her through half-lidded eyes, his lips pursing quickly, involuntarily in anticipation of another kiss.
Sherlock made a noise, conceding the point, then he quirked an apologetic half-smile. “I’m sorry. Bit not good to contemplate the hypothetical plans of criminal masterminds when one has just engaged in a rather splendid frigging session with one’s flatmate. And blogger.”
Alpha fem!Sherlock/Omega fem!John. Phone sex.
My Dear Holmes,
Schlitz is an American beer. Apologies to any of its fans.
A Winter Rose is rose wine, Chambord, and vanilla vodka.
“IT services,” said a deadpan voice.
Molly hummed and nodded toward the bottle. “Would you like to…?”
The lucre is sometimes deferred, meaning success in one case leads to the arrival of other cases, the latter proving the more handsomely remunerative than the former. It is not as great a priority as it once was, thankfully, but with an eye towards a comfortable retirement, I still recognise the importance of the paying case.
When I alit at Paddington, I was cursing the name of Sherlock Holmes.
“Jim?”
“You’re welcome, Holmes.”
“Just the thing, Seb. Thanks.”
But Watson was not to have a quiet morning. No sooner had he settled into his armchair then Mrs. Hudson was announcing a visitor.
Author's Note: Last of the my temptation in the Bible fics for the LJ Holmes_Minor monthly prompt. From Luke 7: 37-50.
“Naturally, my will is the stronger.”
“It all sounds complicated.”
John’s voice was urgent. “Go, Sherlock, go!”
Holmes joined Watson in the bedroom, where the latter was staring into a cabinet, empty except for a single postcards, the corner of which was jammed into a crack in the wood.
“That hideous gourd?”
“As a boy, I heard stories,” murmured Mycroft, “about the woods ‘round the lake.”
“Watson, who is the sculptor of this work?”
Toby entered the bath, announcing himself with a soft mewl.
“You didn’t have to bring me lunch.”
His brow furrowed, and his head seemed to droop, but then, quite suddenly, he looked up at me with eyes lit by a razor-sharp glint. “Come downstairs,” he said with an urgency I did not understand, “and I shall tell you something I should have told you long ago.”
There was still time to catch Watson. Holmes resolved to put on a clean collar and do so.
Sherlock shook her head. She stepped sideways until she came to the soft armchair. Then she sat.
“Your word?” asks Mycroft.
His lips, now glossed with red candy lacquer, wiggle into and out of a gleeful smile as he chews.
Author’s Note: Yesterday was International Kissing Day. For the Holmes Minor July prompt: dog days.
Finally, Seb withdrew the gun completely and set it on the floor.
“Excellent! Past, present, future. First, the three of swords.” She frowned. The eyes that met mine were dark now—like that well-stroked feline summarily dropped in the bath.
“Will mend. As will my head. With time.”
Lestrade grins. “Breakfast.” If his cock wasn’t already throbbing, the sheer thought of sharing a cup of undoubtedly superior coffee with this man after a long, early morning fuck would have brought him to full mast. As it is, another thought surfaces.
“Yeah, and the spell you need to change him from a big plate of beef chow mein into a tailor.”
“Showtime.”
Jim didn’t require video. He had the sound feed. MorMorMol. Cuckolding.
“No, we are not stupid, Sebby. That’s why we use safewords, carefully negotiated boundaries, the whole lot. Exquisite aftercare.”
“This talk of unhappy brothers.”
“Your neighbours are going to need earplugs. And blindfolds.”
“If you think I would deprive my child of one ounce of…”
“Windfall harvest.”
This also fulfills my center Action/Adventure bingo square for the LJ 1_million_words June challenge: 'horsebackriding'
Pairings: Sparrow MacCoy/Edward; Holmes/Watson
“You mean the Boy Scouts?” grunted Seb as he thrust.
“Aren’t you a mastermind or a genius or something? What does it look like I’m doing here? What is everybody else doing here?
Toby deigned to blink.
“I have emotions. Satisfaction. Anxiety.”
I hurried after her, leaving behind both receptacle and its contents.
Author's Notes: Inspired by
“Do you think he was telling the truth, that he didn’t kill them, he just ‘picked them from the garden’ after they’d died?”
I watched as the stain in the silk grew from a single, dark pinpoint to something larger and more amorphous and tut-tutted, “It is a dangerous habit to finger loaded firearms through the pocket of one’s dressing gown, Holmes.”
“A collection of family photographs in frames.”
“Gregory, what is it?”
“Either. Both. Neither.”
“Twice!” echoed Mycroft. “Dear me,” he sighed.
Well, not entirely alone.
“A well-polished mirror,” interjected Mrs. Hudson.
If the fairy was touched by the last bit of confession, it gave no indication.
“We’re in the bloody woods, Sherlock!”
Molly sat up, allowing Seb to slip behind her on the sofa.
The leaves rustle.
Sally leaned back and gestured at the small fir in a pot by the door.
“And I’ve a gift.”
“I’m sorry, love. I know it’s been beastly.”
With a wave of the hand, Holmes bid me remain seated whilst he disappeared into his bedroom. He reappeared carrying something heavy and draped. He set the object on the table and removed its covering.
The first 100 words were written for the DW Drabble zone prompt: Chemistry.
“Or,” Holmes took a deep breath, “he may mean my harbouring of sentiments of a softer nature for someone who does not return them.”
It was the first truly warm day of spring, and I was feeling all the glory of that wonderful season. Headless of how sore and stiff I’d feel the following day, I threw myself into garden labour, tackling all the rough work with the vigour and enthusiasm of a man half my age.
“Oh, Martha, I don’t want it to be finished.”
Martha gave a contemplative hum, then said, “Yes and yes.”
“Good for you and me.”
Length: 500
When Ladies Night underwhelms, Irene hosts an impromptu Hot Toddy party. Irene/Kate/Sally/Anthea/Molly. Not Sherlock-positive.
Finally, the bell rang.
“You’re a doctor, John! You know you’re not even allowed to know who is here.”
John meets a stranger on a park bench on a cold January night. Johnlock. Alt 1st meeting. Shotgunning (cigarette smoke). Rating: Teen.
“That’s okay. I’m dancing with the sexiest bird in this place.”
“…Hallowe’en is an inversion holiday, John, a pathetic excuse to put the norms of society aside and—”
John felt like sticking a large note through the hole for the other’s trouble.  Or to show his appreciation.
Nor his work mobile.
-touch-
“Here we are, ladies. I believe, Madame, you requested ‘sturdy and unblemished.’”
“Thank you, Daddy.”
Sally shifted her attention to the other nipple. “And are sometimes infuriating. We work odd hours.”
She’d worked a full day and was a bit sleepy, but there was something in his tone.
the DW September 2021 Genderqueering Holmes prompt: additional trouble.
And this, he considered, was shaping up to be the perfect winter holiday.
He nodded.
“Don’t speak too much,” I said. “You’ll only have to repeat yourself. But tell me this: who put you in the trunk?”
Whilst Holmes was about his bees, I’d taken to the garden, flowers as well as vegetables. As an offshoot, I’d also begun to amuse myself by assembling bits of flora and debris into whimsical miniatures. Fairy carpentry Holmes called it when he chanced upon my hobby.
He raised his glass, and Bessie, imitating the others did the same,
Lestrade toed out of his shoes and climbed on the sofa. Sherlock turned his head and took Lestrade’s prickhead in his mouth. And sucked.
The Case of the Brown Cap
“That’s the point, Sebbie.” He licked up Seb’s neck. “You looked good out there.”
Rating: Gen
“But that’s just another way of saying ‘Snowman,’ isn’t it?”
Cheers to all my gentle readers and the 200th ficlet! Your comments and encouragement have kept the bar open for a long time.
“Quite.”
Sally bent her head; Irene sighed,
“Nah, give me your whole hand. Just shove it up in me.”
His pyjamas had been discarded. Most of the bedclothes, too. He was nude with his legs splayed, hips lifting and falling, arm curled behind him.
“A tree!” exclaimed Stella. “But I thought you said no tree.”
“I was planning on eating something else for breakfast, love.”
“Sugar.”
He suddenly pictured the silly bit of whipped cream on the top of the drink. Cream could be put to so much better uses.
ever yours,
“Holiday, I suppose. That’s what Mycroft said.”
“We can have it for breakfast.”
So she did.
“Don’t worry. Toby’s helping.”
I knew nothing about this man, now perched on the edge of his own armchair, nothing except that he loved me in ways that included, but also differed from, the extraordinary, brothers-in-arms friendship that I had considered the cornerstone of my life for twenty years.
Four hands were on Molly’s hips as she made minute movements forward and back.
Sherlock held their cocks together with one hand; he put the other hand flat, palm up, before John’s chin.
This coupling always the first night of Mycroft’s weekend. He never saw the fox on the second day.
“Uh, what is the Sunshine Latte?”
Sherlock gently pulled John’s head back by the hair and began to kiss his neck.
a kilt.”
“Yeah, I think I’ll come back a bit later.”
“We’ll see.”
“Dah-DAH-dah-dah-dah-dee. Something like that.”
He sat.
Lestrade hummed and swallowed.
Kate hummed her consent, and the two teasing fingers pushed inside her.
Molly grinned.
“I think,” said Sherlock hoarsely, then he licked his lips, “that’s a wonderful idea. Perhaps we should rehearse a bit now.”
I’d had other plans for this midsummer evening, plans washed away, perhaps literally, I would assess the damage in the morning, in a sudden, violent storm.
“Mm.” A nose and lips were nuzzling the front of Seb’s trousers. “Cute?”
John huffed, then licked his lips and tried to smile. “There’s also the milk. Oh, Christ.”
“When I considered what token to bestow to commemorate the occasion, every trinket seemed wanting. What did you genuinely want that I could give you? I realised, with humility, that what you wanted was an unfettered companion who would stand a greater likelihood of surviving to our shared dotage.”
“But what shall we do?” I ask helplessly.
Jim takes a break to watch a video Molly made for him at Christmas. Molliarty. Masturbation.
“Perhaps.”
—choked. Then he pulled off to lick Jim’s bullocks and drag his tongue up the underside of Jim’s cock to the head, which Seb then teased and suckled. He tongued Jim’s slit until Jim pressed down on the arms of the throne, lifted his hips, greedy for more.
“These legs?”
He watched with rapture as she fucked herself.
“Don’t wiggle. It’s loaded and ready to go. I won’t be responsible if you kill yourself with friendly fire.”
Notes: Magic AU
“Yeah.”
They kissed again.
A soft voice answered.
Such was my love and temperament that I replied evenly, patiently, yes, I was certain, and, no, two was more than enough.
“Lurking about in the shadows?”
“And you have no notion of who might be responsible for this?”
“You are absolutely correct in every particular! How? Second sight, of course.”
“What’s that?” he asked.
“And thank you.”
“Yes, Watson, of all our old haunts, the one from which we have been evicted are the worst.”
I feel your hands running up and down my back, then the press of your lips to the head of the dragon.
“So have you.”
“And, Christ, the first time he dolled himself up to play a lady.” MacCoy tried to whistle, but it came out a pathetic half-dribble of spit. He wiped the bar with a filthy sleeve. “After we was done, and mind you, we’d taken quite a haul, I fell to my knees and begged for it. And didn’t he give it to me, and more besides? Lord, I was a happy boy that night.”
Every now and then, Holmes would stride over and place one or two pieces in place and make some encouraging comment on Watson’s progress.
Moriarty picked up his robe and sat down on the edge of the chair.
“It is, isn’t it?”
Jim pulled away long enough to say, “You are beautiful. But, Christ, you caused a scene! And a hundred times better caliber of distraction than Seb could’ve ever pulled off.”
“I’m unbearable, unbondable, a tit and a prick, with a pair of the former and one of the latter.”
Rating: Mature
Sherlock gets the milk. Johnlock. First time. Oral sex. Masturbation.
Sally snorted. “Of course, he did. Git. What did you say?”
“Sebbie, I’ll get down on my knees and worship…”
“Mmm. I’m sore. Good sore.”
“Hi,” said Molly shyly.
“That was amazing.”
“We couldn’t resist,” said Molly.
“Almost certainly not,” said Lestrade. “Nothing to pique the interest of your roommate.”
Moriarty ran a possessive hand up and down Mycroft’s bound body, paying special attention to the growing bulge in his pants.
“I don’t know how you knew about Afghanistan, but then there must be fairies all over. Jezail bullet shattered my shoulder. Enteric fever shattered the rest of me. Can’t sleep. Don’t want to eat. But you? You taste like medicine, and not the medicine that I am, that I was, that is, licensed to prescribe, but the kind that Mama used to simmer on the stove, not my Mama, of course, God rest her soul, but others, or so I’m told. I don’t know if I need a home remedy, but I do know I need a spot of the needful if I want to sleep somewhere other than the gutter tonight. I suppose getting my picture painted put ideas into my head. It also put a couple of coins in my palm. I went out last night and had a bit of a flutter. Put everything the painter-fellow gave me, plus everything the British government has seen fit to bestow on my poor broken carcass on red-22. Well, that went about as well as expected. There. That’s the last of my worldly possessions. And to the broker’s it goes, if I want to have another dance with you.” I opened the watch-case and laid it beside my glass.
As he settled his head on the pillow, he gasped aloud. The pillow was as soft and firm and comforting as a mother’s breast. The mattress, too, was soft and firm. The topmost blanket was made of the rough, gnarled wool, but the under-blankets were smooth and warm, and the sheets, well, they were of some material that Moriarty was certain could not be had in England. The bastard must’ve got them on the Continent. Paris? Amsterdam? It was worth investigating.
The two tentacles quickly wrapped themselves round the shaft and began to ooze a slick substance through their pores.
“…and so regrettably, the situation will require my personal attention for another two days.”
“Neither am I,” I replied with a wink. “Too much haste. Sleepwear never occurred, but a second round of having my wicked way with you is definitely crossing it now.” I curled towards him, then grimaced. “For heaven’s sake, Holmes! Clean your mouth or you’ll taste like ash!” I snatched the butt of the cigarette from his fingers and hurled it towards the wall.
John rocked his hips languidly, easily, into a round arse, and with every slow mock-thrust, his prick stiffened more. He bent his knee, lifting his leg over a hip, and ground just a bit harder, not faster, just pressing deeper into the soft, warm body beneath his.
Mycroft reached into his trouser pocket and pulled out a condom. “I want to be fucked by the Queen of the Fairies.”
“Sherlock, what on earth…?”
Crates of books. John taking a pen from Sherlock's lips.
Molly twisted her head, and Sherlock kissed her lips softly.
On the one hand, John was disappointed he wasn’t the first to wake up; on the other hand, he wasn’t disappointed at all about not being alone in his condition.
John nodded and had a fleeting impression of dark curly hair, high cheekbones, and a very good coat.
without really trying!
“Lead, boss?”
My mouth full, I hummed my agreement.
“I just wanted a night with you. You were the one with the romantic ideas. Not that I object.”
SMASH! SMASH! SMASH!
A lock pick is an iced-tea-and-bourbon-based drink.
“I have an iron will!”
“What do they normally say?”
“Devices?”
Sherlock/John. Military kink. John punching Sherlock in the face.
John looked down and realised that her hips were rutting slowly against Sherlock’s bare thigh. “It seems at least part of me is reconsidering.” She curled a hand in Sherlock’s hair and kissed her soundly. “Christ, you’re gorgeous.”
But it couldn’t be. But it looked like -
“That doesn’t even make any sense,” Mike said, although he was not beyond stepping back a little.
“Mr. Holmes, cover your mouth when you cough. Mr. Powers, no one likes a tattletale.”
,” said Harry, her voice low and serious.
“It’s larger than a barn,” Sherlock says. He leans in to inspect it. “Sisal twine. Made from the fibrous agave plant;
By the time Sherlock let their wrists go, the blood had stopped dripping. “And there’s one more part to seal it,” Sherlock said. His hands touched lightly on John’s shoulders. John found himself looking into large, luminous eyes, the colour of sky over ocean, or perhaps the colour of ocean after a storm. John sucked in a quick little breath. Sherlock’s face was very close.
“Right here,” Sherlock says, pushes him back and shows him, sliding a hand between his legs, fingers right in the crease of his trousers. He pushes in, dimpling the fabric, rubbing the pad of his fingers against the suggestion of his hole, that intimate, dirty place.
But sometimes she would hear it: the soft
"He's my friend," said John, defiantly. "Who are
“Oh,” said Sherlock. “Well, it won’t take you any time at all to redo it. More importantly, you don’t need the application or transfer papers anymore. I don’t want to go to Durmstrang. I have decided that I like it here.”
And before John could ask what was going to hurt, Sherlock opened his mouth and bit down on John’s wrist, piercing the soft flesh with his sharp white teeth.
” Bill insisted.
A tree grew along the west side of the house, wrapping it up in a leafy embrace. The wind was knocking the branches against the windowpane. That was the source of the sound. It had to be, Hazel told herself, and she tried not to think about small, wet fingers with skin so pale it was like the water had leeched all the colour out.
“Ugh,” said John, putting his face into his hands again.
!” Sherlock cried, throwing his hands up in the air. “Why do people have to keep
He continues, “He was so good at impressions. To this day my sister still calls me after she talks to our father to make sure she was really having a conversation with Dad and not Sherlock pretending to be Dad. And then I have to answer three test questions before she can be sure she’s speaking to me.”
Victor finds the remnants of an experiment on the kitchen table: a rack of test tubes growing a variety of green and orange substances. The yellow post-it note on it declaring “EXPERIMENT. DO NOT DISTURB” (in Sherlock’s most forceful writing ) has been disturbed. The microscope is still set up, although whatever was on the slide has grown fuzzy, forestation sprouting out beyond the borders of the glass slip.
She will be placing her hand on his shoulder at first; later, right there is where she will rest her head. She will wrap her other arm around him; shelter the two of them in embrace.
But not today. John wasn’t ready yet. Transported by the possibilities that lay in wait for them, Sherlock pushed up to place a soft kiss on John’s lips, and took note of the hazed, lost look in his eyes. Some confusion, of course, but he could also see that, dazed and overwhelmed, John was beginning to sink into his rapture.
Out of the corner of her eye, Hazel spotted a flash of white. A large bird with great dark wings, white on the underside, was flying overhead. It disappeared from her field of vision and then reappeared again, as if it might be following them.
Sherlock looked at him defiantly. Then he snapped another picture.
“What?”
This came as a surprise to no one.
“Oh, what
“You already have the kettle on,” noted Sherlock. “I like chocolate biscuits. I’ll have those.” And then, as an afterthought, “Professor. Please.”
“Sherlock!” John cried, unable to contain his own joy and not caring one bit.
“What’s the point of having power if you can’t do anything
Professor Binns cleared his throat, a ghostly sound that was like the scrape of a wooden spoon rattling about in an empty bucket.
Sherlock cleared his throat and dragged him outside into the chill night air.
“Remember,” Sherlock murmured, mouth suddenly close to John’s ear, “I’m a scientist. I know the human body, each muscle, tendon, ligament, and blood vessel. I know pressure points and erogenous zones. I know where to touch you where you’ll feel it in your dick. I know what the twitch of a muscle means, the increase in your pulse. I can feel it when I wrap my hand around your cock. I don’t have to hear you beg in my ear to know when you’re about to come. I’ll know when your balls tighten and rise, when your breathing stops, when your body arches up to push your dick into my hand.”
John did not lose control. He trembled, but he didn’t come.
"Lick," Sherlock commands.
“I met a friend of yours yesterday,” John said, resting his chin on his hands while he watched the cauldron bubble.
It is named, accurately enough, “The Big Well.”
(See the end of the chapter for
, this time, more or less. John already knew he’d say yes; he just needed to get over feeling ridiculous first.
Sherlock glared at her, his gaze unwavering. John was starting to see why some students thought he was a frightening person. One day, he might even be terrifying.
The lights were off in 221A by the time they got home. The lights were off in the hallway downstairs as well and Sherlock pressed John against the wall, needing the solid thud of body against body, flesh to flesh, to confirm the realness of him.
“We can’t exactly drive to London on your spring break,” Sherlock said.
“I’ve just...it’s not safe, all right?” He didn’t want to pick up the paper the next morning and find Sherlock’s picture in it.
on AO3) who helped me write Sherlock's letters!!
John does not think of anything at all.
“Not helping!” John cried.
one harrumphed, but did not comment, as he had occupied himself with far more interesting task of making the dressing.
looking lost (and getting more lost than he looked), John was beginning to feel like someone had dumped a bowl of alphabet soup in brain. It was a cause as lost as he currently was.
From his spot on the branch John could see several things: firstly, that the room was huge, secondly, that  Sherlock appeared to be hosting an indoor yard sale. Clutter and junk sprawled over every surface: a cage meant for some sort of large tropical bird, an aquarium full of laboratory glassware, and what appeared to be an attempt at building a rudimentary aircraft - or at least it was some sort of hover machine.  Lastly John could see the idiot himself, who was currently attempting to suffocate himself with his face buried in the pillows and a blanket piled just over his head.
“Yeah,” John said, because it did, it really did.
It turned out that Hogwarts was a lot scarier than anyone had ever told John it would be. Not even Harry had said it was scary, and she loved to tell him things like that. One time she’d graphically described A Nightmare on Elm Street to him in all its bloody, gory glory and he had spent the next six months sleeping with a cricket bat, all too ready to pummel whatever monsters came his way.
Sherlock made him feel wild, unrestrained.
She fit perfectly in his arms; they were about the same height.  Lots of twirling, Sherlock had advised, could make any novice look like an expert. Sarah’s skirt was a cloud of pink taffeta and crinoline, and her overly sweet perfume swirled around them both. She felt surprisingly delicate, as if John could break her if he weren’t careful.
That would have been perfect! For a brief, wild moment he considered running back and shouting it at her, but thankfully sanity returned to him before he made an even bigger arse of himself.
"I guess, yeah."
It wasn’t right, that particular feeling of pleasure, the warmth, the tripping increase of his pulse, at such simple words and approbation.
“I’m loyal to my friends,” John declared, staring the much older, much taller boy directly in the eye. “And it’s not the only thing about me.”
Thank you so much to prettyarbitrary for the last-minute beta!! all my love and hopeless devotion to Archia, for all the hand-holding, the hair-stroking, reassurances, murmurs of love, and the late-night inspiration...
“I wonder what he’s doing so far from home, though,” said Tom. “Must be lost.”
“Me neither,” John says.
“No, you can’t!” said Bill quickly. “We’ll need it for the shrine.”
Mycroft opened his mouth and closed it again. He found himself, infuriatingly, struggling between pride and sheer exasperation. This was an all-too-common emotional conflict when it came to Sherlock, which was a surprise to absolutely no one.
that needed petting. But he was too full of hate for everything to have the actual energy to pull away, so he lay there and let it happen.
The gravity of Sherlock, the weight of him, his larger mass, entirely surrounding John, holding him down. Heavy and immovable and stone-solid. There was no way to move, nowhere to go. No escape from this. Flutter in John’s stomach and gasp in his throat, spurt of fluid when Sherlock rocked into him. It felt horribly good to be restrained, body lighting up with shameful excitement. His brain misinterpreting the signals of pain and pleasure, the wires crossed inside, he was all mixed up and wrong inside, and Sherlock was licking the side of his throat, was kissing his ear, as he rocked into him, and John was whining, wanting. Sherlock was inescapable.
“Of course, I don’t sleep a lot if I can help it,” Sherlock amended. “Sleep is boring when there are so many other things I’d rather be doing. Normal people like you, however, need the rest, and you don’t sleep much because you’re homesick.”
It’s good enough.
“It’s just....everything,” John said. “A lot of stuff. I really am knackered.” It wasn’t a lie. He suddenly did find himself exhausted, and he didn’t want to be angry and he didn’t want to argue with his friends. “Will you...will you just think about what I said?”
“Pose nude for me, John.” Sherlock rolled his head in John’s direction. “It’ll be good for you! Freeing.” He leered at the way John tugged at his shirt collar, as if he could wrap himself up anymore than he already was in his layers of cotton and wool. “It’s not as though I haven’t seen it all before.”
The key thing was not to look like a stalker, John thought, as he peered around the corner for any sign of Sherlock. The street was empty and quiet in the early morning, disturbed only now and again by a passing car.
John can feel the oxygen slipping from his body, slowly depleting from his bloodstream. Redness fills his vision when he closes his eyes. Sherlock’s hand is so warm and strong. Sherlock’s body so solid beneath him, his embrace tightening and John is hyperaware of their bodies moving together, his body being filled, aware of the rub of Sherlock’s cock along his insides, pressure in all the right places, the head of Sherlock’s dick rubbing against his prostate, dragging wickedly along it, making all the nerve endings sizzle. He whimpers, the only sound that he can make with the limited air that he has. His panting has been completely reduced to tiny breathless noises.
“I’m Sherlock Holmes,” the boy declared, as if this were a very impressive thing. John and Socks both blinked at him, nonplussed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Pareidolia,” said Dr. Lawrence, “Is the very natural psychological phenomenon of finding meaning in the meaningless, to recognize patterns when there are none. It is the reason why some people find a man’s face on a moon crater, or Jesus on a slice of toast. While some might say it is an overactive imagination hard at work, it can happen to the most logical and rational beings among us. The brain tries to make sense of its surroundings. When those so-called paranormal investigators say they hear ghostly voices on their recordings, that is simply a form of auditory pareidolia. Sometimes a toasted cheese sandwich is just a toasted cheese sandwich.”
John thought about Sherlock sitting with him in the Infirmary when he’d been hurt, and how he’d pressed the bandage to his wound for so long. He thought about Sherlock showing him his
“Yeah,” said John. “Like how most people can be improved by turning them into newts?”
He rocked in further, fucked John’s mouth with short, easy thrusts. He worked himself in to the hilt eventually - nearly - barely an inch left out of the wet and the warmth.
John and Sherlock were on their own.
“The best.”
It was that kind of feeling. It was that kind of night.
“I’m comforted,” John says. The funny thing is that it’s not untrue.
“Go to the bedroom and wait for me,” Sherlock told him when they parted. He didn’t really plan to do anything in the meanwhile. He only wanted John to be waiting.
To his credit, Sherlock actually asked before he shoved the camera into John’s face this time.
Sherlock wondered, as he did sometimes, how much of this John actually wanted, and how much of it was because Sherlock needed it, just this. With John’s body warm against his, John’s mouth open and welcoming, John’s tongue rubbing, slick and wet, and Sherlock with his heart thundering in a way it didn’t after he killed a man, he found it difficult to care.
Sherlock's hands were on the cheeks of his ass, covering them, massaging them as if they were sore. “It’s all right to whine,” he said, thoughtful, considering.
hold this time against me, with the show you were just putting on.”
in his entire life.
"Oh god," John said, and then, "Please, Sherlock,
It looked like a picture in a book, so clean and bloodless, or like an anatomy model one might see in a museum. John almost wanted to touch it, to reach out with his hands and feel the intestines, the stomach, the lungs, the--
When had Sherlock gotten so close?
“Yes, I’ll take sex tips from you, the man who’s had seven different girlfriends in the span of nine months.” Sherlock’s broad hands fanned out to slide up and down John’s thighs, creating a warm friction peppered with gentle squeezes.
He pushed it in further, shuddered at the very light scrape of John’s teeth, watched John’s eyes wide and staring at him. He didn’t stop until the head of his dick bumped, gently, against the back of John’s throat. John swallowed around him, fighting the urge to gag, and Sherlock let out out a groan - low, deep sound of desire.
“That is
“Victor Trevor hid your books again, didn’t he? It’s only the first week of school.”
it’s all got to be true. When they say human experiments, they mean it, like he cut people up and stuff and sewed them together…to
Sherlock could fix this. The camera was around here somewhere...ah. He paused in the kitchen doorway to adjust the f-stop and exposure, and then lifted it to focus on John. “John. Smile.”
hurt. I wouldn’t be surprised if one day we’ll be standing around a body and Sherlock Holmes’ll be the one who put it there. ”
THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR SKILLZ!!!
“Doubtful,” Sherlock said, “Slugs don’t really have brains.”
It is to John’s credit that he waits a whole five minutes before he says, “Toto, I’ve a feeling we’re not in Kansas anymore.”
On Tuesday, they had Potions class. Most people chose partners but Sherlock worked alone.  Sherlock’s copy of
“Yes,” said Bill, “But you look so
Sherlock put one hand on John’s wrist to stop him. John hadn’t realized that he had instinctively made an attempt to preserve his modesty until Sherlock prevented it. Sherlock’s hand was warm on his, fingers circling his wrist. Sherlock’s eyes were on his face, reading everything; the false bravado, the flicker of nervousness, the intense arousal. John shivered, feeling totally bare.
He places his hand over John’s hand, and gives it a gentle squeeze. “I’m happy you could make him happy in all the ways I couldn’t.”
The sun was at his back, warming him with its red-orange light.   His shadow stretched before him, growing longer and more distorted as the sun dipped lower and lower. He pedaled as fast as he could, as if he were chasing his shadow, the two of them trying to escape the setting sun. Gravel and sand crunched underneath his tires.
Later he would untie John and massage out any ache in his muscles. Later they would have to clean up the mess they made - or rather, they would put it off and put it off, both of them refusing to give in, until John would inevitably cave, mortified at the thought of Mrs. Hudson  - or worse, Mycroft - seeing the stains on their sofa. And then after John was done his yelling and complaining, Sherlock would tumble him into bed and they would hold each other, become tangled in one another.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was wearing a giant multi-coloured polka-dotted bow tie and a large green top hat, for starters.
taller than John,” Mike said.
As John walked toward it, the table seemed to increase in size - not in the logical way, of course, that all things increased in size as you approached, but in the illogical way, as in the table seemed to be stretching and growing. Half of the table was set out for tea: dainty porcelain dishes, gleaming forks and spoons, dishes of clotted cream and butter and jam that glistened like wet rubies. Clutter sprawled over the other half: scientific glassware and heavy textbooks, slides and petri dishes, mould samples in green and orange and blue, rotting specimens and putrid human remains. It was highly unsanitary and highly inedible. It was enough to make any normally-functioning person sick. It was enough to make John homesick.
Let him be a crime scene; let John be the criminal. Let John be the body and the blood; let Sherlock be the examiner and the murderer. Let him worship at the altar. Let them be sinners both.
For years Sherlock played the violin only for the most sophisticated of audiences; a tiny, elitist club of music aficionados with a membership of one: himself. His Stradivarius warmed in his hands like a lover, submitting to his strokes and touches, strings singing out pleasure in pure, golden notes. Or, as it sometimes suited his mood, he transformed it into a weapon of psychological torture, making it squeal and shriek like an animal being messily slaughtered by a nervous teenage butcher. The music soothed his busy mind. The noise distracted him. And on occasion the violin simply gave him something to do with his hands - a noble, life-saving purpose in the three hellish weeks when he had quit smoking for the fourth (and likely not final) time.
Sherlock nods frantically, eyes fixed on John’s.
He was at the flat, soaking up the last of the adrenaline high from the Monroe case. He was bored, trying to stretch out his last few milligrams to make it ‘til Thursday. And that’s it, nothing else, nothing remotely interesting, dramatic, or at all helpful.
John still looks disturbed hearing that voice from his mouth. There’s context somewhere there too. He was more than just an enemy clearly, is John afraid that he’s like him? Does he worry that he will become him?
Sherlock goes stiff.
Faked his suicide. This isn’t a film. There are only a handful of people in history who are known to have successfully faked their own deaths, most being caught and arrested after only a few days. Five minutes on Wikipedia will tell you that. He could probably make a pretty convincing job of it if he tried, but jumping from a rooftop in the middle of central London? Too many people, too many cameras, too many variables; it’s impossible.
He ignores trivia for the most part, like the prime minister, or crap telly, which football team has won the league; pointless things that don’t matter. He doesn’t
“Look at me John; look!”
That suggests the dreams are inherited, that subconsciously he
He treats John like you might some stranger trying to make conversation on the tube.
Staying alive.
pain, he doesn’t want it.
“That’s what I was thinking. On the ledge. That you were all going to die.”
John is angry too. Some of it is grief. Most of it is frustration. Because if Sherlock would just fucking
And then there is John Watson.
How am I alive?!”
Walking around the city, he’s not striding as he used to. Nothing has come back since that night, such is the cruelty of life. Just as the decision had been made. Sherlock wants to reclaim himself, he truly does.
As he becomes more aware of his surroundings he notes that the room is not quiet, it’s positively brimming with sound; a constant metronome of repetitive noises emanating from the small army of machines and equipment about his head.
His mind is brilliant yes, but weak. Oh, he’ll deny it to his last breath, but he’s always known. He is reckless, and has little to no impulse-control to speak of. He has always been more…affected, than others. Sherlock Holmes is a lot more delicate than he would have the world believe.
Sherlock gets up and starts pacing like a maniac, trying so hard to remember.
who he is with Sherlock, the excitement of their lifestyle.
understanding them. But the gap is too far to bridge.
him, with the voice of a doctor, but without the façade of calm. Short, 5’8” or there about; well educated, but street smart too, if a little out of shape. And flabberghastingly out of line. This is a medical professional, but…
in as many weeks. He’s cracking up.
Lestrade is not his father, and he doesn’t share his pain. Sherlock has never seen him before in his life. But it’s difficult to see him cry. It’s baffling how much these people
Uncomfortable in his clothes, his sheets, his skin, even his brand of toothpaste; it’s not just the world that changed, he just doesn’t know who he
they’re real, that they belong to him. But John hopes to god that’s not true, because if they are, then they’re
Sherlock will come back to them, they can’t hide it. But what will happen if he doesn’t ever remember, if he is stuck this way; world without end?
. This
, and he wants to fight back.
him, choose to be him if he knew?
But John isn’t taking it in, he just keeps crying, and Sherlock realises he’s given up on this a long time ago; resigned to bits and pieces. For the second time, his best friend believes that he is dead.
“Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck.”
. He’s…successful? Sherlock tries to ask the sergeant, Donovan (?) if there are any more cases she needs help with, but she just mutters something nasty under her breath. He is startled, not quite knowing what he did wrong;
that he knows. And the worst part is; they’re convinced that he
“Sherlock?”
Ah. Of course; hospital. How dull.
It’s all there.
A panic attack in full swing. But then he
Everyone knows that Sherlock Holmes is not a nice person; he can tear you down to nothing in a single sentence. John’s seen him do it. It’s mad, but there’s still no one else he’d rather talk to.
John steps forward and roughly grabs his leg, whilst Sherlock does his best to kick him, swearing furiously under his breath. John Watson is the bigger person; he forces Sherlock’s leg into place and holds it there until the muscles relax.
“Sherlock for fucks sake get down from there,” he tries to climb through the window, and Sherlock feels very far away. So high above John’s panic, hand tight around the phone that isn’t at his ear.
acting only in your best interests.
either.
“Where are you going?”
He feels more emotional than he’s ever known himself to be, and less in control of what he
Parts of it scrambled and incomplete, others so terrifyingly empty; his mind has been rewritten. The Palace is much larger than he left it, and in significantly better condition, but the interior is incongruous, never quite in full focus. He can see that extensions had been made, but once inside there is no evidence to suggest it, no connecting doors or stairwells, no form of entrance at all.
“Where have you been?” John’s hands are actually on his hips. It would be funny if he had the strength to care.
Sherlock is still Sherlock, but he hides it now; John’s not allowed to know he’s human anymore. And Sherlock is not allowed to be happy.
John just shakes his head. Disappointed in him.
? People rarely say what they actually mean, and what John is saying, screaming actually; is that he doesn’t want him to. But Sherlock doesn’t give a single shit what John wants. It’s his life; he has a right to know.
John slaps him as hard across the face as he can, Sherlock’s cheek stinging in the cold air.
John’s hand on his shoulder tightens in surprise.
At first it seemed too good to be true, but eventually, he realised that there were no special allowances; it was just something John
his flat.
“I know how I lost my memory. I
. Sherlock’s eyes shine so brightly when he’s happy.
just been practically assaulted by someone impersonating one of his doctors. Who is probably an
Tensions are still high from the previous night, and Sherlock has decided to be petulant.
What do they need a
“‘You?’”
like something he’d do, but he cannot escape the facts. John Watson would not make this up; John Watson would not lie to him.
interesting, because now he’s got something of a challenge; he finds that he may actually be
Sherlock sees John agreeing, and standing down, and he’s too absorbed in the conversation, that he doesn’t notice when John refuses to make the same mistake twice.
that would be.
John isn’t just interested in fixing the amnesia problem either, with that he’s hardly pushed at all. It’s other things that don’t even come across as deliberate. John makes dinner every night, regardless of whether or not he eats it. He makes Sherlock tea before he even thinks to want it; the perfect amounts of milk and sugar, every time. He takes care of the bills, does the shopping, makes sure the flat is nice and warm at night.
John looks quite cross now. It’s been a long day at the surgery, and he thinks Sherlock is toying with him. But Sherlock is excited; he’s
He tries to be patient, to remember that it’s not Sherlock’s fault he doesn’t trust John; but it’s not easy.
? He doesn’t like it.
Spontaneous recovery; John clings desperately to those two little words. He’s a doctor, he knows it’s possible. One day, Sherlock will wake up and be Sherlock again; thinking the whole thing was nothing but a dream. Time, that’s all they need. Just a few more days.
Oh, he’s going through with it; in order to recreate the fear, one must also recreate the intent. Cause and effect. The landing is calculated of course, and it’s only one story, but there’s still margin for error. Then again, if he hits his head hard enough, it might just do the trick.
Holmes and Lestrade had remained behind in the pandemonium. I didn’t envy them in the least. I considered myself in a far better position, free of that chaos and safely home.
. For Halloween. For Kinktober Day 25: Smiles/Laughter. For the October Holmes Minor prompt: tales of the unexpected.
I shuddered, but then I felt fingertips caress my wrist.
“I like Christmas myself,” he said.
“There’s a cab for you, should you wish to return to your lodgings.”
Holmes’s eyebrows rose. “How long have you been practising this dark art?”
“I came looking for you. And this. And, oh, God, that’s good. Summer is an aphrodisiac. Part of me doesn’t want it to end but,” John glances over his shoulder, “you do look awful good in those.”
Trans Holmes. Takes place during "The Gloria Scott" Bittersweet. First love.
“I know, but inside, I still feel like—”
He dabs blacking onto the soft brush using a stick with a sponge tied to one end.
His hands were on her arse.
Lestrade looked at it like Cinderella might eye her former pumpkin, with pleasure and no little awe.
“That’s why I stripped naked and got in this bed all plugged up and spread wide. I wanted you to take me. I wanted to wake up to that stretch, that weight,” at this, John felt more of that weight and Sherlock sliding back and gripping his hips hard, “that cock inside me. I tossed off in the shower last night just thinking about being your little fucktoy, lying open for you, waiting, dreaming, waking, being claimed, please, fuck me, baby, god, I need it.”
No Irene had meant no club. Molly hadn’t realised how much she’d missed it until that moment.
Jeanine squealed at the waist-high slits in the purple fabric.
“Margaret!”
“Yes! You see?”
“You might take me for one. Later, of course.”
Saurian brandy is a Star Trek drink.
Watson singing about love in the bath.
Mycroft lumbered into the nearest men’s toilet, which was empty save for one who was washing, then drying his hands, one who passed by Mycroft, grunted, ‘Pardon’ as he brushed, lightly and only once, against the front of Mycroft’s  trousers, and then exited the room whistling as Mycroft bit his lip and spent in his pants.
And they’d decided on Thursday.
“Then this,” said Lestrade plucking the long pink curl of satin from where it lay strewn on the table, “is mine for the rest of the day.”
But after two months of moments, the door was wide open. As John washed his hands, there was a dark flutter, a slam. He stared at Sherlock’s bedroom door and ignored the throb of his own prick.
“Come to the Farm tomorrow night at seven. Give the front desk this number. They might call me ‘The Machine’ or ‘The Fucking Machine,’ but my name is Sherlock Holmes.”
“And I told you that I seriously doubted that rabbit was for us,” replied Watson. “No matter how good it smelled. Holmes, I think I’ve lost my appetite.”
Mycroft paused his sucking to hum around Lestrade’s cock, sending a current of delicious electricity though Lestrade’s body.
Seb read. “Ah-ha! So that’s it.”
It was only my sheer bravado, still robust even after decades of heavy use, that kept me strong enough to seize her and drag her to the bank.
Irene hesitated. She felt cold.
Holmes had not released my arm. He squeezed it gently. “Let’s take a walk.”
Another five minutes of tut-tutting and scrubbing and John declared himself satisfied, just as the sun was rising.
“Can the condemned have one last request?”
Sherlock’s reply was cool and quick. “John, considering we’ve just spent the last three days wearing nothing but each other, observation of genitals is inevitable.”
Lestrade turned sideways to sit against one of the walls. He stretched his legs out in front of him.
Thanks to everyone who's been reading and commenting! Fifteen ficlets in one month is not bad and you keep me going!
“More’s the pity,” shot back the charming lady.
She smiled, but her eyes held a sadness that I recognised from an old photograph.
Then he turned his head and raised an inquiring eyebrow.
“Thank you, thrice,” said Sherlock. “I’ve scars of my own, by the way.”
“Then I would take you upstairs—”
“Boss, it’s fine. Librarians are like nurses, they can’t blink no matter what you tell them. She was very, very helpful. And excited to show what the machine could do. She said most people are intimidated by it.”
“If I’m not mistaken, it’s lead.”
Length: 221b
Minutes later, the house echoed with noises of Watsonian frustration.
After a tiny, ridiculous war, the tip of the candy cane was exposed. John studied it, then gave it a tentative lick.
Watson’s bags were by the front door of the cottage. They were both standing, waiting for the dog cart to arrive. Holmes would not accompany Watson to the station.
“Uncomfortable?”
“Dragon,” you breathe.
He smiled. “I confess I feel not a little ridiculous, Watson.”
. Brilliant.
John wonders if he should pick the shirt up.
“Arrogant. Aloof. Independent.”
Apprehensive
“Best laid plans, etcetera.”
“Not long. Ten minutes, tops,” said the thick-armed guard. “You wanna peek?”
“Twelve.”
“C’mon, Boss. Let me sod you the old-fashioned way.”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” whispered Jim, and he put a protective hand over Molly’s eyes.
Content Notes: Pining Holmes, POV Holmes.
Sherlock Holmes had just informed me, for the first time in our long association, that he had nothing of importance planned for the evening.
“Holmes, you know the world of match-making suffered a great loss when you went in for crime-solving.”
Holmes followed the nun out, apologising.
“Come on, let’s go back to bed. I’ll feed them to you while I pound that sweet Irish hole some more.”
This is a follow-on to the Gen-rated
Licking up and down the shaft. Nuzzling at the base of his prick and the creases of his legs.
I clean him and cover him anew, this time like a blanket.
“Their mother died some months ago. James confessed all.”
Mycroft gently guided Lestrade onto his back.
Some minutes later, there is a glass, two fingers of this, two fingers of that. This being the ‘Monster’; that being Jameson. It hurts, but Seb rolls his eyes anyway. “Long day at the office?”
“Of course.”
“Yeah?”
They both sprang to their feet. Irene resettled upside down on the lounge chair. Molly turned and carefully straddled Irene’s face, looking down toward her nude body.
Mrs. Hudson took command of the kitchen, and I assisted her and the housemaid Bessie in the rest of the breakfast preparations.
“How do you do that, Sherlock?”
mentioned John scrubbing Sherlock down on the fire escape. They also get credit for introducing me to the term 'craft herpes.' So, I whipped this out today and tacked on some somnophilia because it is one of my favourite kinks to write. The last line is from the film "The Mummy."
, his tongue. And those hands! Kneading, massaging, working all the kinks, heh, heh, out of Jim’s…
John stands in the hall, peeking in as shoes and socks are thrown past him.
Notes: Follows on from the previous chapter (Lomax's story). Auditory Voyeurism. Mentions of anal. I have one more planned for this arc and then I'll move on.
WHACK!
Notes: Hurt/comfort. Warning for a mention of domestic violence.
“This is like a dream, Watson.”
be a crime. And a tragedy. And a nightmare.”
Lestrade had rendered him speechless. God, this was fun.
“FUCK!”
“He’s going to fillet everyone involved with whatever happened to you,” she explains. “The morgue’s going to get busy. For the last time, will you take the painkillers?”
“Now why is that?”
A nose twitched as if it had whiskers.
I blushed, then nodded. “I’m a bit of a randy ol’ goat, aren’t I?”
“Bloody hell!”
“Do come in. Have a seat. When did the symptoms commence?”
“Naturally. That is the point, John.”
Sherlock spat in his palm and leaned back against Mycroft’s chest. He looked up expectantly. “Fuck me after?” he asked as he began to stroke himself.
Holmes’s eyebrows rose. “Oh yes?” he asked with a cheeky lilt.
“Save it, please.”
Apologies for not being timely. The Feast of Asses was January 14.
“How will it be easier?!”
Lestrade sighed, then he licked his lips at Mycroft’s stiff cock, half-strangled by the tiny black knickers. He gazed up inquiringly.
Watson’s shout went on and on until it stopped abruptly.
Mycroft chuckled. “I’ll be home for Christmas, Gregory, I promise.”
. Great birthday or not, I doubt Sherlock Holmes would ever drink one. White chocolate liquor, amaretto, multi-coloured sprinkles on the rim.
Seb set the pitcher down. He and Jim looked at each other, then spoke at the same time.
Length: 500
“Fuck!” she exhaled as she came. Then she looked down at Irene through half-lidded eyes. “Give us a clean-up, yeah?”
Lestrade grinned. “As you wish.”
“Also, a secret.”
Sherlock had smiled and grunted and accepted the kiss to his temple, but that was all. John had no real expectation that Sherlock would take him up on his offer, he’d seemed so engrossed in whatever he was doing. He was half expecting to crawl into Sherlock’s bed in the morning and have his wicked way with him.
“Holmes! The girl!”
“Good, eh? It rhymes.”
“Eyeballs still in the fridge?”
“Yes. Lestrade thinks so, too, or he wouldn’t have contacted me.”
“Yeah. Don’t get me wrong, tits are great, but tonight...”
But really, as metaphors went, sea anemone was more appropriate, a dozen tentacles that could collapse together to enter Sherlock, as they just had, but once inside could—
“Tarragon.”
They were.
Jim neared Molly as they walked. She was looking up at the jungle canopy and the brightly-coloured flowers. He was looking at her.
I wept three years’ worth of pain, and when I was done, I opened my trousers, freed my erection, and rut between his thighs. I licked his neck and whispered into his ear all that I had never had the courage to say before. Holmes’s breathing remained almost Imperceptible; the flickering of pulse at his throat was the only indication he was listening.
Sherlock nodded eagerly. “Mrs. Hudson would be disappointed.”
“Molly,” Irene whimpers.
Mrs. Hudson drank.
Holmes huffed and lit a cigarette.
“You don’t have permission to be here.”
Sherlock sneered. “Yes, Mummy!”
“Please, please, pretty please!”
Sherlock’s hand went to his nipple, toying with the ring.
Twenty-five steps.
is an Adagio blend of tea by Cara McGee.
Summary: Holmes is hiding a secret.
“Dangerous,” whispered Sherlock.
“Is it usually this empty?”
He was warm, so invitingly, improbably, cosily warm. A cold, hard man of science and reason and facts yet thermodynamically a furnace, a boiler, a hearth.
“We lost.”
Sometime later, Lestrade was sliding across car leather until his lips met Mycroft’s.
Everything about him caught the light, and the strands of crystals swayed and slapped against his skin in a manner that was pure sex.
“Love,” said Lestrade gently. “I think this is enough baking.”
“For what? You survived Maiwand. You deserve a soft bunk and a bit of quiet.”
“Shit that they didn’t tell you before you were on your way to the airport, but I’m glad I won’t be alone on my first weekend off in months.” Lestrade gave Mycroft a peck on the cheek. “I had just settled in with my surrogate companion.” He gestured to the table and the open box and the two piles.
Mycroft smiled. “Coconut water?”
“Built for two,” said Sally with a proud smile.
Really!
A pink panty dropper is vodka, beer, and pink lemonade.
A Tie Me Up Tie Me Down is vodka, rosemary simply syrup, and lemon juice.
John tried to put himself in a proper scene mentally.
He drew something out of his pocket and handed it to me.
In the window, the hand rubbed between the legs.
And more than one set.
“Don’t screech, my peacock. You’ll moult. Drink?”
“Together?”
And then I hear it.
“I’ll find you,” he promised. “Enjoy your tea.”
His face fell.
“How crisp the autumn eventide!
Holmes/Watson
That my dear Watson may gather the reserves required for the arduous journey ahead of us. That he may be fresh for our rendezvous tomorrow and the many zigs and zags that will follow.
Sherlock appeared in the doorway.
Omega Sherlock (surprise! surprise!) goes into Unexpected Heat. Omega Sherlock/Alpha John. H/C.
John had taken a pre-Christmas housekeeping gig at the home of one of his former ‘Men in Kilts’ regulars who, an elderly lady who lived alone and of whom he’d been rather fond.
“Goodness!”
“For once, no. Well, a bit, mmm.”
Mycroft goes to a posh gig all dressed up. Lestrade is watching. Come in pants. From the
Sally howled with laughter. “You’re a goddess. Fuck me into the mattress.”
Martha’s eyes opened. Then she looked over and stared disbelievingly at the clock.
Sherlock gazed at John’s leaking arsehole and frowned. Then he said, “I’ve got an idea, John, but you’d better pour yourself another glass.”
“Phyllis, eh? And did you tell her what you needed it for?”
Holmes nodded thoughtfully.
“We’re on our way to solve the case! What has you so gloomy?”
“I suppose one day there will be a machine that does this,” said Holmes.
were, of course, part of what had brought us here.
“My gorgeous, gorgeous girl.”
Holmes’s eyes dance ‘cross the note-book page more than once, then darted toward me. His lower lip quivered. Then his expression changed.
“May I help you?” asked a wizen old man.
“Holywell Street. What is left of it.”
kind—in check. They sigh and inhale each other’s breath, warm air that smells of spirit and ginger and lime and copper. They kiss mouths that taste of jokes, jokes about mules and bucks and jackasses.
John freed his erection from his breeches. “I’m only half-hard, Sherlock. You caught me at work.”
“Have any unusual guests over lately?”
Lestrade frowned. “I know a bloke who rents rooms on Montague Street. Until then, you’re here.” He nodded toward the head of the bed. “One rule: no smoking.”
“Happy Christmas, Mister Holmes!” cried Lestrade. He was the most handsome example of a human being that Mycroft had ever seen clad in a red-and-white, reindeer-and-Christmas tree-jumper that Mycroft would have paid a sum as hideous as the jumper to remove from his person and burn.
Their eyes met, and suddenly, John didn’t recognise the person before him.
“Really? Christ. Then being trapped in a lift…”
“For what, my dear man?”
“Shall I fetch it?”
“Cuddles.”
“Ah, that explains it. I thought I felt something, but then I chalked it up to atmosphere. Nevertheless, I suppose I should’ve mentioned that I was going for a stroll in the garden.”
preferring, based on what’s displayed,
Watson halted. His gaze narrowed. “Did our picnic go awry or according to plan, Holmes?”
And the word is
A Shirley Temple is ginger ale, grenadine, and maraschino cherries.
Did he require assistance?
“One minute after midnight. Your carriage’s just turned into a pumpkin, love.”
Length: 221B
“I’ve been reliably informed that it’s quite limited.”
Summary: Lomax explains how he came to be at the brothel that was raided.
“And I feel so bad for the poor doctor. He didn’t do anything, but he was caught in the same snare.”
“No,” said Sherlock in an almost matronly tone. “Finish your blow job.”
“Not at all, my dear Watson, not at all.”
Length: 100
“Argh!”
Holmes finds a pumpkin with a secret.
John smiled as he sat down in a chair with his own mug. “I have to say I prefer it very hot or very cold. Lukewarm bothers me.” He sipped, then hummed, then set his mug on the floor. “You look so good together. I’m sorry I missed the beginning.”
“That’s rare, these days.”
If you want more of these guys (in an foursome orgy picnic), check out
“Really? I suppose we are both lucky in that respect.”
Length: 500
“Seriously? You know everything, but not about goblin cock?”
“No. It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”
“But that brother of his. He got onto us. I don’t know what he told you about what happened in that train compartment, but Eddie never once considered going straight, giving up our life; that was all his stupid brother’s fantasy. His brother suspected just how close we were. He’d never used it before on us, but he did then. By the time the bastard had done spewing his poison, Eddie had shucked out of his doll’s shell. He threw himself into my arms and kissed me. 'Sorry, love,' he whispered as he lifted my revolver and turned it on his brother. Takin’ people’s money is one thing, shootin’ your brother in cold blood, no matter what kind of bastard he is, is another. I tried to get between ‘em, but the gun went off and down Eddie fell. Well, the rest you probably know. I didn’t even say good-bye.” MacCoy shrugged and addressed the bottom of the empty glass. “My beautiful boy. My wicked boy. We knew it, though. We’d said it many a time. Chaps like us never get a dotage.”
1 shot Rum, coconut
“You going to spank me?” teased John. He hooked his thumbs in the sides of the pants and pulled them down.
He licked and licked and licked at the pink satin until she begged. Then he curled the knickers down and she opened her legs wide and he put his mouth to her and…
Mycroft came. Then he quickly pulled out.
“Yeah.”
Seb’s gaze follows the nod of the head. He carefully scoops up the two white pills and washes them down with a sip from the glass.
“What would you like, Molly?”
She made her way upstairs to a room that was all leather and cigars and port. Or brandy. Or whiskey. Or whatever. A quartet seemed to be waiting for her, for they stopped their conversation and made space for her as she approached.
Sherlock paused before reading, quickly and cavalierly, from his spreadsheet,
Mycroft exhaled at the sight. “Beautiful, but, uh—”
Condom off, condom on. Step to the left.
“The least I could do since I spilled ink on the original. Don’t forget to put your name on it. Good night, Master Haverstock.”
“True. How about a holiday? We could take our talents to the Continent.”
“Don’t need to. We filmed ourselves.”
It was then I heard the moan. It was coming from the box.
“I push you onto a pillow…”
“Going into heat.”
The morning after 'drugged body glitter made us do it.' Sherlock/Mycroft with sleeping John.
“Call it a Royal Flush. Now do get on with it.”
Title: Tomatoes
“Your clever tongue. Your teeth. The way you say, ‘Fuck, Sherlock’ when I confess how hard I am, how much I need your cunt. Like a prayer.”
“You’re so big, Seb.”
“Bees have many leg joints, John, and there is nothing especially remarkable about the onse between their tibias and femurs.”
Irene rolled her eyes. “Really, Kate?” she whined.
“Your arse. You figured out your plan yet?”
He leapt into the water. “Everyone’s sleeping soundly at the cottage,” he said when he surfaced.
“Aunt Ada doted on all of us, but Angus and Alphonse were her favourite nephews. Both inherited her fascination with mushrooms, but while Aunt Ada’s interest was culinary, Angus’ became scientific and Alphonse’s became artistic.”
A pink tongue licked lips.
This kiss is long and wet and wanting and when it breaks, Lestrade’s voice is thick with desire.
“I cannot accept that book, sir. Or your membership.” He snatched a card from Holmes’s hand and tore it to pieces.
Lestrade’s head popped up. He was pink and sputtered.
Lestrade leaned over the figure, eyeing it closely, then nodded. “Cute. It’s your hobby, this Christmas village?”
“Ah, call me Greg.”
Seb kissed Molly’s cheek. “May I join you, Miss Molly?”
“Knee?” inquired Mycroft as Lestrade settled on the bench next to him.
“…you might not be pleased to see me after how I behaved.”
“Gregory, I’m so close, but I don’t want to come yet. Draw it out more.”
The Baker Street place might tempt John. Location. Nice sitting room. Kitchen. Upstairs bedroom when John wanted privacy, though he’d be more than welcome in Sherlock’s bedroom.
She kissed his lips, kissed over his chin, down his neck to his chest. She licked his nipples and his belly. She sucked his cock until he was moaning. Then she pulled off and climbed atop him.
Sherlock shook his head. “Drugged!”
Where absinthe was concerned Molly had a discriminating palate, though she still preferred it with sugar.
“Mister Wolf,” said Holmes.
“The police bested the fire brigade,” I continued, “because the latter only saw you in your serviceable plaid flannel dressing gown and your dark green pajamas.”
Mycroft grunted. He withdrew his hand from Sherlock’s body and shoved his index finger into Sherlock’s mouth.
John sighed. “The things we see, Sherlock.”
Five minutes later, Lestrade left.
“See? Makes one feel like twirling one’s moustache.”
“Have you been a naughty boy, Jimmy? I want to see Papa Seb here put you over his knee and give you the spanking you so richly deserve.”
“Oh, you bastard,” growled John. “You wanna a torn hole, sweetheart?”
Sherlock was right. Liquorice toffee.
Molly lay back on the table.
“It was a classic gesture, Watson, parting with one’s belongings for bidding this world
Fanciful.
Length: 221b
I scrape some more, my grip on the wood handle becoming tight and damp.
“How are you, lover?” cooed Greg. Kiss. “You feel me? You feel me here? Inside this pretty baby? God, she’s so good to us.”
Thus, I decline to demur.
Molly spread her knees as wide as she was able and lifted her legs. She braced the soles of her feet against the edge of the desk.
Lestrade frowned. “Will you be gone long?”
Length: 221B
Length: 500
“’For our most beloved on the day of love,’” she read. “No! That would mean I’ve missed a whole day!” She jumped out of bed, threw on her dressing gown, and ran to the kitchen.
Mycroft knew that timing was everything, and unlike Sherlock, he knew how to wait for the right moment.
And it’s
“I was thinking about Moriarty.”
I fuck your hole. I tease you until you weep. I fuck you again. I leave you, weeping.
“Deduction is for curly-haired alien maggots. Some of us get our information the old-fashioned way.”
The door swings closed behind me.
Mrs. Hudson drew quilt tighter ‘round her shoulders, then fingered a dark blue square of fabric.
“After the party I’ve just survived? Yes!”
John’s response was to flip a page of
“Yeah.”
Molly giggled, then she groaned. “Your tongues, please. I want to come again. I swear it feels like you’re kissing each other inside me. It feels so, so, so fucking good.”
“I don’t suppose Hickory, Dickory Dock would’ve worked.”
“It is hyperbole to say that I am disappointed that I could not join you.”
Lestrade finds Sherlock and John in a snowed-in cabin. Sherlock/John/Lestrade. Anal. Oral. Rimming. Facials.
“Best information I have is that a gentleman visited a grave earlier tonight. He gave the groundskeeper a few coins and told him to go buy himself something to warm himself. On a night like tonight the poor thing needed no further urging.”
“I’d love to,” blurted Mycroft in a manner so adolescent it made his cheeks warm, but the Detective Inspector’s eyes lit, and he waggled his eyebrows in a suggestive manner and spoke in an even more suggestive manner,
Lestrade gawked. “Of course, he was.”
Mycroft’s cough became a groan.
Best tits in the world.
This was the moment that they’d been anticipating since they’d left the Scotland Yard holiday party. By the time the taxi arrived in front of the Baker Street flat, Sherlock was squirming like a schoolboy in his seat, and the front door had barely closed before he was shoving his trousers down and throwing himself face-first into the wall.
“Doesn’t hurt I’m hung like a horse.”
“Fuckity fuck!”
“How did you know…?”
It took me the length of time required to kiss from neck to shoulder to realise that Holmes had spoken and that what had been said was not in English.
With a whir, the top of the sack split, and a human head emerged.
Sherlock is 'the Fucking Machine,' an Alpha stud at the  St. Bartholomew’s Centre for Secondary Sex Studies. Omegaverse. Alpha!Sherlock/Omega!John. First meet (A Study in Pin AU). Rating: only Mature, sorry, pervs.
“I shall have to roll up my sleeves, then.”
Sherlock’s belt unfastened and his trousers opened. He groaned again. His clothes and underclothes parted and his cock sprang free.
“I absolutely can’t wait,” growled John, shoving Sherlock against the wall the moment the front door was closed behind them. “You were brilliant.”
“That’s better,” said John. “Now where we were?”
“Which is why I never understood—”
Length: 500
Mycroft looked down, his eyes darkened. He shook his head.
The room spun.
“Oh, god, yes, dig, baby, dig for it,” urged John. “You want your tongue in my hole so bad, don’t you?”
Molly gripped Seb’s hips and began to thrust, shallow and quick.
“Please, Miss Clara, please, please, may I have my jumper back?”
Not fit for soldiering. Not fit for doctoring.
“Lady Bracknell night. Love those.”
“A dozen or so.”
Warehouse has become slaughterhouse.
Sherlock huffed and rolled towards the wall.
“Yes, please.”
“Unbalance us.” Sherlock sucked and bit at Mycroft’s neck.
Molly laughed, then asked, “Ride your cock?”
“This is it, Holmes,” I said, hoisting my selection proudly.
“Shoulder?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John blinked as something crawled out from a pile of the finally-dead undead. It raised up on its knee on the third try and lifted its hands. It was covered in blood and dirt and, but for the movements, resembled a dead body than a living one.
“This is for you,” said John, digging into a shopping bag and pulling out a box and placing on the table at Sherlock’s elbow.
John’s jaw dropped. “No!”
“Yes.”
“Yes!”
“I told myself I wasn’t going to do it this time. In the car, I told myself—”
“Well,” said Irene, tapping her clipboard with a pen. “How about we take you through the steps? You can make final decision once you know what is involved.”
“No, I’m going to call Sherlock. Don’t look out that window.” John gestured to the little curtained window of the camper van. “Or maybe I should say ‘look and listen at your own risk.’” He smirked.
We end our journey in the lowermost chambers by the stone-lined pools.
John couldn’t remember. He couldn’t remember anything but Sherlock’s scalding come and how much he craved more. He glanced at the flutes rolling on their sides on the counter, then let them crash to the floor and grabbed the bottle.
Greg forced his eyes open.
My revolver was trained on the hunched form, and it didn’t waiver as I moved farther into the room.
“You do me, I do you.”
He fucked her with a frenzied despair, and part of Molly began to grieve even before knowing what precisely it was that she was losing.
I resumed my cleaning.
“Yes!”
You stared, then whispered, “What? Pass my heat in central London?”
“Or your boss.” Sally tapped a button. “Or need some help with your carpal tunnel...”
“I’d rather sod you. Slightly bigger arsehole.”
He reached out, and his fingers brushed the neck of a violin. He and turned towards it.
“How are you?”
The antlers were humiliating, yes, but the breeding stand? Well, it wasn’t that bad, but damned if Jim was going to let his sniper-cum-lover know that. In truth, the stand made Sebby, well, extra-Sebby. Extra long, wet kisses that made Jim’s knees weak. Extra long, extra firm,
“It’s two in the afternoon, Sherlock.”
“I want both at the same time.”
“Are you deaf? Yes. An old lady who couldn’t get across the street fast enough for those bloody cabbies. Oh, here’s the number of the cab that blew the horn at us,” he tapped his phone and Seb’s, hidden in the sofa, buzzed, “make certain he has a real lousy day tomorrow. What?”
“I’m so sorry.”
Length: 221b
“But,” Stamford continued, “your body thinks it is.”
“Will you be my Valentine?”
Notes: Reference to "The Sussex Vampire." Dialogue-only.
Holmes gave my bandaged arm a scornful glance, but when his eyes met mine, his expression was soft.
We played until the dream set and morning rose.
“Oh, God.”
Jim didn’t want to think about all the cocks Seb had had to suck to get this good at it. The image of a thousand cocks piled high flitting through his mind, but he pushed it away.
Sherlock flailed again.
Sally looked over her shoulder. Stella grinned.
Lestrade gestured to the far corner. “Take that one. Bosses have got us doing some kind of Taskforce-Training-Hold-Hands-and-Be-Pals-Drill with the River boys, excuse me, the Maritime Policing Unit, but they’re out right now. Five minutes, Sherlock.”
“This inspector,” she mused, frowning.
“What? What” Grodman sputtered as he tried to stand but was, somehow, held down by the swathes of blue-and-yellow.
"Or?"
“Oh, I’m afraid this can’t possibly be mine. It smells far too pungent.”
But they didn’t care.
“Christ, Sherlock,” moaned John, reaching for his mobile and cracking one eye. “One minute to midnight. Thank God. I don’t think I can survive anymore of ‘pink princess day.’”
For the fffc comm July Special. I was given the song prompt of Lady Gaga’s “Summerboy.”
“I’m not taking the kilt off.”
“Misbehavior has consequences, Watson—”
is an Adagio tea blend by Katie Morris.
“Oh, do shut up and come.”
“You know I could arrest you,” said Lestrade.
“That looks utterly ridiculous,” said Sherlock, eyeing the martini glass of white frothy liquor with disdain.
A Deep Cleanse is gin, aloe vera juice, simple syrup, cucumber, and lime.
When Irene’s glossy hair was in a neat braid, Molly set about removing her makeup with a damp flannel.
Moriarty exhaled. “She certainly uses her time wisely.”
As they ran for the stairs, Mrs. Hudson muttered, “The camel’s back is broken, my dear.”
“There wasn’t time, and I’m a rather ridiculous creature.”
A wince. An abrupt shift in the chair.
Rating: Gen
Holmes raised his hand, displaying two tickets.
“May I see you, please?”
Sherlock freed John’s erection and guided it…somewhere.
“The rose petals were beautiful,” he said. “But this is the bud I like best.”
Sherlock kissed back and cupped John’s arse with two hands, following her movements.
Science!
“Another case solved!”
I breathed in the fragrance of greasepaint and powder.
Mycroft rubbed the sticky mess into his own skin and moaned. “Yes! I like you in motion. Muscles rippling. Sweating. Grunting.”
Summary: Watson spends all year collecting jams for Holmes' birthday tart.
Time to go. Good-bye, gorgeous.
“For now, it’s Detective Sargent, lad.” Lestrade scooted towards the pillows and laid back with his legs splayed, erection on display. “And, I know. That’s how you’ll be paying rent.”
“What, no tea?”
Sherlock raked his eyes down John’s chest. “Like I said, ‘distracting,’ but if you’d like to show your gratitude, I can think of a way.”
“I presume you charge for your art, Miss Mohels. Some might call that a trade,” remarked the prosecutor dryly.
Rating: Gen
Three crises averted deserved a reward.
“And rugs!” called an angry voice from within. “Bon voyage!”
“For you, yeah.”
“Jesus, Molly, I’m—“
“Oh, excuse me, I thought this was the loo.”
Summary: Two sides of a scene on a hot summer's day in Sussex.
“Coming up,” he said.
Once more, I searched my memory for probable causes and drew a blank. It was all still, well, a mystery.
Mycroft retrieved a tube of lubricant and obliged.
I grunted.
“Well, I suppose I should be happy he didn’t tap it to his lips.”
The scent curled beneath John’s shields like smoke.
“I thought you might want to unwrap presents first,” said a muffled voice from the pillows.
“We’ve been at this a while,” Lestrade cracked an eye and looked at the clock. “Shit! Three hours!”
John and Sherlock enjoy an early morning kink. Johnlock. Mild watersports. Daddy kink (Daddy!John). Dirty talk. Masturbation. POV Sherlock.
“One piece of toast, Sherlock.”
“It okay, gorgeous actually. It’s just, uh, much, much warmer than usual. What’s going on, Sherlock? Is it the alcohol? We’ve drank before during heat.”
“The Adventure of the Greek Ritual.” Historical/Mythological AU. Watson seeks advice from the cleverest, and handsomest, of the Oracles of Delphi. Or is it Apollo himself?
He snorted. “The official one? Half a million pounds.”
Fix the drip. Re-spackle that strip of tile. Put the towel rack back up.
“A little Green Fairy told me I owe you an orgasm.”
Once a season, Sherlock Holmes indulged. He made an appointment, went to an address, bought a drink he didn’t want, and asked for the Trojan room. He was given a number and a card which opened a door with that number painted on it.
“Horrible in its purpose, but beautiful in its craft, Holmes. I can speak freely here?”
“What?!”
comm prompt: embroidery or sewing. Also in January, I got 3 tarot card prompts from Get Your Words Out. Title is those cards. Card interpretation is from
“Yeah?”
“John, give him the nuts.”
“Ulcers from untraceable poison.”
Sherlock came. John tipped forward onto the rug.
Lestrade had no qualms about dirtying his jeans. He fell right to his knees, swallowed Mycroft down, and brought him to the very edge, then pulled off and stood up.
Then he felt Sherlock’s arms guiding him to his feet and slowly leading him away from the sofa.
He chuckled and wiped his mouth with his sleeve. “Was there ever any doubt?”
“But property is theft, John.”
…it’d been a while since…
“Mister Holmes.”
I took it with a nod of thanks. “It was…”
“I must be asylumed, Holmes. It is law.”
“Undoubtedly,” agreed Sherlock. His voice, too, fell to a rumble, and his eyes were dancing over John’s face, down his torso to his crotch, then back up.
SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!
Jim took her nipple in his mouth and suckled.
“Afghanistan. Just bumped into Stamford today. We were at Barts together. No time or cash or interest in finding a proper costume, even if one could be found on the day before Halloween. Yours is great, by the way. You should enter the contest. I’m sure you’d win. £50. Nothing to sneeze at.”
From where the palm tree grows
Summary: Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old lovers are the worst.
“You know we are in front of two—thanks to me—very clear windows.”
“But wait, I ovulate every month, we don’t have sex like last time every month.”
“Pawn the coat?”
The first 200 words were written for DW double drabble prompt 21: unit.
Then there was metal in Sherlock’s mouth. She was drawing John in a sulky around Trafalgar Square. People stared, took photographs. She did not care. She pranced with head held high. Her boots were tall and black; her harness was dark leather straps and silver rings and studs. She knew, before John even breathed the word that she was,
Oh, happy day! Or night, rather.
“Black dragon. He looks like you. Clever. Dangerous. Beautiful,” you say.
Molly giggled.
Rating: G
“May I?”
“Perhaps, but it isn’t working. Maybe it’s like watching porn for them.”
Holmes Minor February prompt: cupboards, cabinets, and chests; Flash Fiction DAY 3: the language of flowers, pajamas, and a secret passageway; I also selected at random a card from my Edward Gorey card pack The Helpless Doorknob: A disguised person came to one of the side doors.
“No.”
“Yeah, looks like it.” John bent closer and squinted. “Yeah.”
Sherlock blinked. He took up the parcel and frowned. “Doesn’t seem the kind of thing you’d go in for.”
“We’re going to take you home, John,” said Sherlock. “And take turns fucking you.”
Grey eyes shone. “Still astonished, after all these years, Watson? As if I’d let your bank of wild thyme, ox-lips and nodding violet perish! A wash,” behind him was a steaming bath scattered with rose petals, “and then a feast fit for fairies!”
“And a sex club.”
Lestrade rose and kissed Mycroft’s temple and whispered, “I’m going make you come, right here, right now, Mycroft so that every time you slip into this car, to go to work, or to the airport, or to some cloak-and-dagger meeting, you’ll remember that someone wants you, adores you, would take you in his arms and hold you for as long as you’d let him.”
“By whom?” I retorted, then flushed. Twenty minutes into the affair and I was already barking like a jealous lover. “I’m sorry, Holmes.”
“Fuck, we missed New Year’s. Bloody heat.”
“My mistake. Eyes open. Looking into mine.”
A few moments later, Sherlock cried, “My scarf!” He wove his way back to the bar and took a quick sip.
“I don’t want curses. Just you.”
I caught a flash of plaid flannel dressing gown, and when I finally summon the courage to look up, Holmes was at the open window, his back to me.
“I wanted to see a full moon gathering.”
Sherlock rose and walked towards the refrigerator. “My turn. You rest. Wouldn’t want production to lag.”
I looked for signs of habitation. There were none. Just vegetation, reaching up from the undulating earth like so many veiny claws, and water as smoothing and tempting as a looking glass.
“Not quite, but I’m flattered, nonetheless,” said Mycroft with a self-deprecating smirk. “There is a charming café a short distance from here.”
John’s head jerked up. “Enhanced?! You mean ‘drugged’?!”
Cup met saucer, but just as I rose, morning light struck the gold disc and danced across the room, creating the illusion of a cascade of sparkling snow flurries.
Jim got to his feet and turned on the telly. He clicked through a few channels than stopped and pointed with the remote,
“It’s a mutual admiration society.”
They looked at each other and grinned.
Title: Trying
“A detective.”
“Sir Adrian’s not here, sir. He left yesterday for his house in the country.”
But thus far, Molly had enjoyed everything. She leaned back into Irene’s hands, arching her spine, as Irene licked.
“Bored.”
Jim sat up and looked down at the blood and mangled tissue that covered his lap. “Make a cute mutilated corpse, don’t I?”
“Were that I had you both by my side.”
“Fuck that!”
The hand had snaked ‘round her waist.
“We’re going back to our tent. You are going to drink a cup of strong coffee and lots and lots of water, and I am going to pretend to write in my Feelings Journal while I figure out our next steps.”
“All right. What do you want me to do? Don’t say ‘go home.’ On the slim chance that Evans is here, there’s no way I’m leaving you here to face him alone.”
“I might want to get to my knees, you mean.”
“Thanks, but no, thanks.”
When Sherlock was fully sheathed, John cried out, “Oh, God! To be wanted, not just needed!”
Suddenly, the mouth was gone, and it was over.
The voice was even lower and rumblier.
“Oh, Gregory.”
“Heavenly.”
“I thought it might be.”
“How do you do it, Watson?”
“Oh, fuck me!” exclaimed John.
Watson read the plaque. His eyebrows rose. He eyed the stone nude.
“Sebbie, I’m disappointed. Your pillow talk is usually much better.”
Mary slipped a hand between them as she rut hard against Janine.
The stranger leaned forward, set his mouth in an O, and blew out a perfect smoke ring.
Molly didn’t look farther than the tiger tattoo on the bicep that was peeking out from a crisp white short sleeve.
“Gift?” asked Sherlock.
Throwing off the bedding. Rolling them. Flipping them. Sliding, crawling, effectively pinning himself beneath John, and shoving his own arse up.
“I’ll text you. Oh God, that’s good. You and it, please. And I’ll tell you a secret. My name. It is not Anthea, of course.”
There was nothing for it. We went.
“Glad one of us does,” grumbled Lestrade. “A bit too much greasepaint for me. Okay, Sherlock, this unfortunate fellow was the understudy for Frankenstein.”
Prepping him is science, taking him, art.
FOLLOW GREEN HAT.
Molly gave a minute nod and half a smile.
“Yes, please,” said Martha. “Oh, you’re an angel,” she added after taking a sip. “You know, Margaret, most weekends I get takeaway at least once. Maybe…”
“Yes, it took many days of careful surveillance and a host of wardrobe and character changes—thank you for the loan of the corsets, by the way—”
“She’s completely unknown to me. I read in the papers this morning she was a shopkeeper’s wife.”
“I was overwhelmed.”
Lestrade snorted. “For frigging you on the rug.”
“I’ve food,” said Janine, lowering her rifle. “But I’m looking for shelter.”
Sherlock Holmes (ACD)
Sherlock resumed his ministrations to the lower half of John’s arse. Then he threw the flannel in the sink and dried John.
“Second best hair in London?”
It tasted just like she remembered. Sweet. Minty, and if there was anything wrong with it, some rogue contagion, surely Sherlock—seated beside John in the taxi, but thoroughly engrossed in her mobile—would’ve spoke up by now.
John hummed, so Sherlock might, just might, have said that last bit aloud.
Brushes, blacking, and soiled linen are spirited away; hands washed; what little clothing he wears discarded.
“The Adventure of the Sussex Gables.” Holmes and Watson disagree on the design of the new roof.
“Did you know?” I asked again.
Juvenile in the extreme, but wasn’t all passion adolescent in its nature?
“Remember during John’s heat when you said you'd chain me to your desk?"
Author's Note: for the April prompt: change. The poem is for my GYWO Yahtzee picture prompt.
John resumed her fondling of Lestrade’s breasts and bent her head to kiss Lestrade’s neck. “Christ, I want to come,” she whined.
“And I’m hard, John. And in a cab downstairs.”
The boom was followed by a crackling, and, once more, the firmament was painted in technicolour hues, in arcoiris illumination. And once more, Sherlock’s head was bathed in beatifying light.
“Uh, yes. In the broadest terms, the street value, before any deductions, would be well over—“
DW Holmes Minor March prompt: code
Lestrade made love to him, slowly and gently, and when they were lying together, sweaty and sated, Mycroft whispered,
. It keeps pecking at their thick, stubborn, tree-bark defenses until coat and jumper are discarded. Vests and shirts, too.
Suddenly, in the kitchen was the Devil himself, the white, horned figure glared at the two ladies, then sniffed.
“He had many tentacles, like an octopus, and he was in love with a doctor. Bizarre but diverting and heart-warming, and I’ve been told that later there will be a series about a long-suffering landlady whose tenant, a famous detective, persists in driving her to drink and rent hikes by destroying the furnishings with his failed scientific experiments.”
John was yanked into a stone-walled corridor so narrow she had to pivot sideways to pass.
Four Horsemen AU. Sherlock/John. Blow job. Mystrade. Come play. Dirty talk. A bit of fat acceptance.
Lestrade had entered the room wearing the agency-issued mask that, up until that moment, had always been comfortable and inspiring, even, as part of the uniform.
“One moment, sir.”
“I shan’t judge, Holmes,” I whispered, inwardly wincing at the plaintive note in my tone.
Lestrade kissed and nuzzled at Mycroft’s neck. Mycroft loosened his tie and unfastened the top two buttons of his shirt.
“Three. Hell, the way you're looking at me. Right. Now.”
Suddenly, it was all too much to bear alone.
John left the door to the loo cracked. A shadow appeared on the floorboards, then fled as soon as he flushed the toilet.
For my Ladies Bingo card O-5: Apocalypse.
The cabman was dutifully awaiting his orders. Holmes motioned for him to take a nearby side street.
Sherlock ran a hand along one side, then the other, passing in front of the muzzle. The eyes, the ears, the mane, the tail, were still but incredibly life-like. A first-rate saddle was in place.
“I’m a doctor, too,” remarked John, apropos of nothing but employing in the same low, urgent voice.
“Father? Are you all right?”
“Molly’s, of course.”
John gasped. “How—?”
“Have you been naughty?” asked Mycroft, pointedly, nodding towards John’s mobile half-hidden in the bedding.
“There is nothing ‘natural’ about this,” said Sherlock through clenched teeth. He sniffed the glass, then raised an eyebrow. “Grapefruit juice.”
Holmes shook his head.
“Where are we, Sherlock? It’s so dark I can’t see a thing.”
“Trevor!”
“Anywhere. Mine’s four streets away.”
“Is that your thing?” asked John, petting Sherlock’s hair. “People watching?”
He might have been calling her a good girl, but she was too far gone to hear. The sweetest burst inside her, and she came.
Author's Note: A farewell to Watson's Woes on LJ.
“That’s why—.”
“Mister Holmes.”
Sherlock smiled a broad smile as Lestrade bent to press his face into Mycroft’s arse. Then he petted his brother’s bobbing head and turned his head and gave a two fingered salute to whoever was beyond the glass watching.
object.”
When Mycroft tapped the screen again, he was propped up against the headboard among the pillows. His mobile was resting on a pillow beside a dried stain on the pillowcase.
Mycroft bit Lestrade’s neck. “That's not until the second date, you tart.”
“I’m always lucky at the bath, Mister Holmes.”
Jim grinned.
“Hard work digging up a body,” observed Holmes. “But he must’ve had a barrow and then a carriage to take her away.” He headed off, following tracks that only he could see.
Just right.
Once a season, Sherlock made an appointment, went to an address, bought a drink he didn’t want, and asked for the Trojan room. Sherlock/Unspecified. Glory hole. Pseudo-bestiality (equine).
is Hpnotiq, vodka, orange juice, and lime juice.
The first person who told Holmes he should be proud of who he was was Victor Trevor.
wearing
“They’re idiots. They keep harassing you, and it’s been ages.”
prefer to text.
John opened his eyes. “You can make tea, you sod!”
Length: 150
Mycroft was rumpled. And getting rumplier with each bob of his gorgeous head. And swirl of his dexterous tongue.
It was a testament to the amazing two rounds of sex they’d just had that Jim only frowned and wobbled on unsteady feet at this statement.
John hummed.
“The holiday ten days ago, John.”
Finally, we reached the Isle of Skye.
“I thought you had the Clarke job!”
Sherlock grunted.
“Precisely. So, of course, I thought of this place.”
Just like that.
“We’re going to be killed because you want to be fucked in a crown!” Seb exclaimed.
Molly stood and peeled her pink bikini bottom off, then she hooked her finger in Irene’s and tugged them off as well. Then she straddled Irene once more.
“Oh!” gasps John when the fingers breach him. He turns his head for a sloppy kiss from Sherlock. “I love taking both your cocks,” he mumbles against Sherlock’s mouth.
