John chuckled. “Of course.” Sherlock could always tell when someone was doing something for his own good. He hated it. John wondered if Sherlock could tell that was what was happening now, with him and John.
,” she turned on her heel and started back up the hill, towards the ruins. “How about a little tour before we get you boys settled?”
“We can repaint in here,” Mary said, straightening the already-straight blankets in the cot. “If you don’t like the pink. Well.” She thought. “
“Listen for any sounds of disturbance,” Sherlock said. His face was against John’s neck, pulsing as if giving John a hellish love bite. John’s fingers dug into Sherlock’s back, acting of their own accord. Sherlock wasn’t kissing him by any stretch of the imagination, but John could still feel Sherlock’s lips against his neck, his breath humid on John’s skin. Sherlock’s head was undulating, his jaw moving slightly, and the mere thought of Sherlock kissing and sucking and biting at John’s neck was driving him mad.
John did his best to make his face look the opposite of soul-crushingly disappointed. “Yeah,” he said. “Sherlock’s just...gone out. To get something.” Not very specific, that, but it was the best John could muster at the moment.
A faint voice chirped through the speaker of Sherlock’s mobile, and Sherlock’s face shifted into the normal-person smile he wore when he was trying to trick people into giving him information. “Hello,” Sherlock crooned into the phone. “I just reserved a cottage through your website for my boyfriend and I. I have a few questions and just one or two small requests.”
John would ordinarily be bothered by this, Sherlock reminded himself. John was never one for grand displays of sentimentality, and tended to keep any sort of embrace to under two-point-five seconds. He was likely to break this particular embrace at any moment, and Sherlock was determined to hold on until that moment came. Instead, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock in turn, tipping his face into Sherlock’s neck and heaving out an unsteady breath.
. They won’t take the medicine as prescribed. Nobody does. And they wonder why the bloody rash doesn’t go away.
Sherlock blinked. He looked a bit taken aback. “None of that was real, John,” he said. “It wasn’t my body that hit the ground. It wasn’t real blood on my head. My pulse was only temporarily stopped. It was fake, all of it.”
of them ought to have died. It was terrifying, Sherlock realized, likely for the first time in his life. It was terrifying to think that, should his luck have gone sour just once, he might never have John, might never be wrapped up in bed with him, fingers in his hair, John’s eyes on him like Sherlock might slip away if he blinked. It seemed like some impossible thing, the two of them. It seemed like a miracle.
John sighed, hanging up as he made his way down the slippy rocks that led to the pier. It would seem that Sherlock was going to be in a bit of a mood. By the time John made it to Darren’s little boat, Sherlock was tapping his foot and periodically tipping his head to the sky, as if it was a tortuous level of unfairness that he should have to wait for John.
“That’s very noble of you, John,” Sherlock said, his voice stiff. “Your sacrifices for the greater good are unmatched.”
“What the hell do you want from me, Sherlock?” John snapped as he clambered down the stairs. “Do you want my attention one hundred and ten percent of the time? Do you want me to forgo my personal life, sleep, meals, bloody showering, all so I can focus on
Cutting John’s trousers off him was slow work, much slower than Sherlock would have liked. The scissors were sharp enough, but they chewed through the thick fabric of John’s trousers at a snail’s pace, and Sherlock had to be careful not to nick John with the blades. His somewhat unsteady hands certainly didn’t assist in the matter. When Sherlock finally peeled the shreds of John’s trousers off him, it revealed a leg that appeared to be thoroughly caked in blood.
“In my humble opinion,” John continued. “There is only one case of interest for you to solve tonight. The Case of the Detective in Denial.”
“How long were the two of you together?” John asked. He pushed his plate ever so slightly away from himself. Something about the thought of Sherlock in a relationship with somebody—
“You’re warm,” Sherlock said. He slipped his other arm underneath John’s waist, tugging him closer. The bed creaked as he did so, the headboard rattling. “Why would I wear clothes when I’ve got you here?”
That was his line. That was what he had prepared to say. That was what he wanted to communicate, distilled down to what was important, what he wanted Mary to know. Sherlock had helped him come up with his lines, despite everything. Sherlock was helping him, despite everything. Sherlock loved him, despite everything, and John loved him back, furiously.
“Kiss me,” John said, and his lips brushed against Sherlock’s, those full lips plump on his. He felt Sherlock gasp against him and watched his eyes slide shut and his head tilt and—
“You were dying as a civilian,” Sherlock said, “bit by bit. You needed the chase, the adrenaline, the chance to use your skills instead of wasting away in some depressing little bedsit, working at some depressing little surgery. You needed your life to be alive.” He stepped closer, his eyes the brightest thing in the room. “You needed somebody who understood. Somebody who needed the same things.”
Sherlock kissed him once more—soft, almost chaste—and it had a feeling of finality to it. One of these kisses, John knew, was to be their last. This couldn’t go on and, in fact, wouldn’t go on for very much longer. After they found Mary, it would be over. John and Mary would return to their flat in London to carry on with family life, and Sherlock would return to Baker Street to carry on being Sherlock, this time without John in tow. John felt as if someone had worked their fingers in between his ribs and pulled.
John was trying to figure out what to say to Mary. He hadn’t told Sherlock as much, but even in his compromised state Sherlock was able to deduce his actions fairly easily. As far as Sherlock knew, the two hadn’t spoken since the night at Leinster Gardens. Sherlock wasn’t particularly sure what John was intending to say to Mary when the two finally did speak, and from the looks of it neither did John.
Sherlock allowed the smallest of smiles to flicker across his face. John looked up into Sherlock’s eyes—opening to him, shimmering with budding hope—and found himself perfectly willing to be lost.
“I can’t very well leave you back at the cottage, now can I?” Sherlock snapped. “Not when we’re expecting a serial killer. So now I’m carting you around like an oversized piece of luggage.”
John found that he had absolutely no desire to do any of that. Instead, he went downstairs and sank onto the sofa.
John sat up on the sofa, doing his best to straighten his hair. “May I point out,” he said to Mrs. Hudson, “that you advocated for this.” He gestured between him and the not-closed bedroom door, through which Sherlock was currently changing.
“Did you think that just because I’m a doctor, just because I’ve seen men die in Afghanistan,” John asked, “that your death wouldn’t hurt me? Is that why you chose me to watch? Because you thought it wouldn’t bother me? Thought I’d seen it all before?”
“No,” Sherlock said, his chest nearly touching John’s as he glowered down at him, “you’re willing to leave others in the dust the moment they lose your interest. You hold allegiance to no one—not your friends, not your family, certainly not your wife. I ought to find it surprising that you even maintain a connection with
John thought. The words were nearly out of his mouth before he stopped himself. He went to take a sip of his wine, but wondered if he’d had enough wine for the night. “Well,” he said. “It was considerate of you, anyway.”
” Sherlock called, and John decided it was best that his phone call be held far, far away from Sherlock.
“It wasn’t shamming,” Sherlock said. His lips were pressed to John’s forehead. “Not all of it. Not after I realized how wonderful it all was.” John could feel Sherlock’s heart hammering against his back. John’s breathing seemed to have gone heavy. “And that last night at the cottage,” Sherlock whispered. “After the pub. After you kissed me. When we were on the sofa.”
Mary watched him for only a moment longer, her eyes flickering with a glimmer of what might have been sadness. Then she regrouped, starting down the stairs. “I might be back late,” she called over her shoulder. With that, she was gone, slamming the door behind her harder than John thought was strictly necessary.
“Yes he does,” John said. “Why would the host pick a door at random? He’d run the risk of showing you the door with the car behind it and the show would be giving away cars left and right. It would make for terrible telly. The host knows which door has a car behind it and which has goats, and he only ever shows you the door with the goat.”
Sherlock sighed. “The universe, as I noted, is infinite. It goes on in all directions, forever. There is no center, not really. No beginning, no end, no middle. It is simply everywhere.” He blinked, and John could see the stars glitter in the blacks of his eyes. “If we are looking for the center—an arbitrary task, but people are prone to arbitrary tasks on occasion—then, for our purposes, the very center of the observable universe is the one doing the observing. It doesn’t have to be someone on Earth or in our solar system or even in the Milky Way. The center of the universe is simply whoever looks to the sky and wonders where the middle of it all would be. For our purposes, the center of the universe might as well be Earth. Ireland. The Great Blasket Island. This hill. Me. For our purposes, I am the center of the universe.”
The remainder of the afternoon passed with little excitement. Tourists milled about the island, occasionally popping into the café but mostly wandering about the ruins or trying to snap pictures with the sheep. Clouds were starting to gather in the distance, and some of the guests fretted about rain and the condition of the Sound on their voyage back. Sherlock was in and out, leading tours about the island with surprising focus for a man who very likely had one eye out for a sheep-murderer the whole time. The duffel bag with the money sat in the storage room untouched.
“They didn’t care for me in Serbia,” Sherlock said. “In their defense, I was solely responsible for dismantling a major branch of their mafia’s arms trafficking operations. They took the ordeal rather poorly. They were sure to let me know how they felt about it.”
“So,” Sherlock said, meeting Gilly’s gaze with a look of great interest. “You’re the Holiday Killer.”
Sherlock shook his head. “John first,” he said. “Bring me John first, then I’ll give you the flash drive.”
nothing less. But this was unexpected. It was thoughtful—sentimental, almost. It was a celebration of sorts, a commemoration of their time together. It was Sherlock, in his own Sherlock way, telling John that the adventures they had were memorable, meaningful. “It’s nice, Sherlock.”
“Right,” John said, staring down the stovetop kettle and regretting everything. He didn’t actually want tea, but convinced himself that having something warm and familiar in his hands might help to calm what was still a racing heart and unsteady fingers.
John considered that this was an unusual conversation to have with a mate, one that he couldn’t recall having with any of his friends in the past. Still, he found himself rapt in the conversation, and there was a part of him—a rather insistent part of him—that was
“Oh,” Gilly said, “that’s what got my wheels turning, I suppose. And dismantling the brakes in his car really did feel wonderful. You know, he went through the windshield when he hit that truck. So lovely. The only thing that would have made me happier than reading about his death in the papers the next day, I realized, would have been being there to see it happen.” She tapped her knife against her chin, looking pensive. “If I have one regret in this life, I’d say it’s that. It would have been so wonderful to have murdered him with my bare hands.” She shrugged. “Live and learn.”
tired. Being at Baker Street only reminded John of how much his home didn’t feel like home at times. He tried not to dwell on it—that way lay madness, he knew—but the feeling didn’t dissipate.
If Sherlock still had ears with an eardrum and a cochlea and a basilar membrane and an auditory nerve he would have heard the front door close and footsteps plod their way up the stairs. If he still had a temporal lobe and a limbic system and a hippocampus he would have recognized the footsteps as belonging to John. But he didn’t have any of those things, being a single-celled organism and all, so he neither heard nor recognized John as he entered the flat.
“Why wouldn’t I?” he asks against your skin, his voice so low it should be bloody illegal. “Why wouldn’t I want my mouth on the thing that ought to have killed you? It’s like tasting God.”
Part of it was an act, John knew. Sherlock slipping into the character of the exuberant tour guide, enthusiastic about the island and one with nature. Part of it was checking, ensuring John’s safety; he felt Sherlock’s hand slip to his waistband, ensuring that Declan’s gun was still tucked away where John could easily access it. Still, John could see bits of honesty in Sherlock’s eyes, and when John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s, flicking his tongue against Sherlock’s lower lip quickly, covertly, he was certain he could feel Sherlock’s cock give a little twitch in his trousers.
You ran into a patient on the street once. You nodded hello. He didn’t recognize you. He didn’t see you.
“The floors were empty,” Sherlock said. “All that remains is this journal, which I presume Declan left behind as a sort of clue.” He was beaming, practically ready to bounce himself off the bed. “And I have a hunch where we might find the flash drive.”
Plan 11 was hideously ill-advised, even more so than Plan 39, which involved somehow procuring the resources of MI6 and the bulk of the fire brigade to stage some sort of a coup on Appledore or any other spot of unofficial power that could use a little overthrowing. Plan 39 had been dismissed shortly after its formation, although Sherlock liked to return to it when he was feeling a bit sour. Plan 11 only made Sherlock feel more sour.
“Richard,” Sherlock said. That was the man’s name, the one with the drugs. Sherlock’s limbs suddenly started working again and he managed to heave himself partially upright with just the one wrist that was tucked underneath him. The room swung nearly upside down and Sherlock thought he might tip out of it. The contents of his stomach might lead the way. He wobbled.
“No,” Sherlock said. He opened his eyes, a shimmering blue of waters in a paradise John had only seen in photographs. “Please, John. If you have any mercy, any at all, you will not finish that sentence.”
“What’s the cottage like?” Gilly asked. “Anything like the pictures?” Her eyes darted to just behind him on the screen, trying to take in the scenery of the house as he walked through it.
Tonight, the stars seemed to be out in droves, overpowering the polluted glow of the city to shine on, little pinpricks of light in an inky sky. It was the sort of thing that could make a bloke dizzy, the way the sky towered above the tops of the buildings, reminding John that the world, in all its unfairness and defiance, spun on. John sighed and his breath drifted up towards the sky, a slowly dissolving cloud. The stars stared back at him—unblinking, beautiful.
Will followed John’s pointing. He nodded solemnly and then started off in the direction of the field.
Sherlock kissed down John’s body, moving his tongue along smooth skin dotted by the occasional freckle and soft patch of hair. John’s hands were on him as he moved, and he could feel John’s heartbeat hammer through his chest. He kissed at each of John’s ribs. Some tweaked-out mugger had once punched John in the ribs, bruising them. It had hurt John to breathe for a while, but he tried not to let Sherlock know about it. Sherlock knew all the same.
“You’re mad,” John said. “You’re a bloody madman and a natural disaster and a catastrophic thing. A wildfire. A category-five hurricane, you are. And I love you. Think I’ve loved you since I first saw you, in fact.”
), neither of which John answered. The man didn’t take the hint. He reminded John of someone, someone John did not need any help being reminded of at the moment, thank you very much.
“What?” John asked, and then he found himself pushed backwards onto the couch with a not-so gentle hand.
John felt as if all the pints he’d ever drank hit him at once. Everything spun. His mouth fell open, but the whole of the English language was gone from his brain.
“Didn’t quite hear that,” John said. He spun his plate around so that Sherlock wouldn’t have to reach over so far to eat the remaining pasta.
And with that, John was left standing alone in the sitting room, blinking and confused and ready to toss every piece of identification he had into the ocean if it meant never returning to London.
Sherlock shook his head, his forehead rolling against John’s. “I can’t be without you,” he said, his eyes closed, his lips nearly touching John’s. “I need you, John. I
“Jesus Christ,” John said. “No. Mary. Just platonic.” It was the practiced answer, the one quoted in a dozen or so of the rubbish papers.
“Indeed,” Sherlock said. “It would almost appear as if the universe conspired to take you out on a date. A proper one.”
You kiss him and he wraps his arms around you, pulls you in. You lay flush against him and it feels as though he can’t get enough of you either. The both of you still have your trousers on and that is far too much that is separating you. You can feel his erection trapped in the fabric of his fancy trousers. You move your hips against him just to hear his breath hitch.
John sat himself on Declan’s bed, back propped against the wall as he read. Sherlock tore up the remaining floorboards, shoving aside the dresser to balance precariously on the exposed beams and seeming keen on trying to get the boards underneath the bed as well. Fitz joined John on the bed, gnawing happily at a piece of wood. John scratched at Fitz’s head.
“Why did you ask me ‘round while you’re working?” you manage once the two of you emerge from the square and he starts you down a rather densely-packed road.
“Regardless,” Sherlock said, “it won’t stop you from looking,” A trace of bitterness had returned to his voice, just enough to sting. “As I said. Love makes fools of us all.”
“Solving this case from one hundred and twenty years in the past,” John continued, “will solve nothing in the present. All it does is distract you from what is really going on.”
The cottage was certainly isolated, down the end of a long, bumpy road that could barely fit a single car, trees covering them at all sides. There hadn’t been another house in sight for a few kilometers.
John peeled his sweat-soaked vest off his body and replaced it with one that was a bit less damp and disgusting. He tugged a pair of trousers on over his pants and padded down the stairs, hoping he was quiet enough not to wake Sherlock from wherever he’d decided to slumber.
? is what you choose to text instead, which is somehow worse. You smack your mobile against your head. You’re usually good at this, aren’t you?
meant for them anymore. Nothing about these past several months felt particularly normal. “Can you do that?” Sherlock asked quietly. “Can you pretend?”
“Not snogging, of course,” Sherlock said. “The sort of thing we talked about in the car. Pantomiming kisses as much as is possible. In public.”
It was faint, wavering notes carried off by the wind and the night air, but it was distinct. A violin, somewhere far away, singing out the notes that had been circling John’s mind for the whole of the day.
,” Sherlock gestured around him, to the demolished bed, the room littered with stray bits of clothing, “wasn’t meaningless.” Sherlock hated how his voice wavered, how the burning in his throat was making it difficult to speak. “You know I'm right, John. You know it.”
“You are stupendously dimwitted if you think it is just about helping with the cases for Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson said.
“You should just be lucky I didn’t take pictures,” John said. “I bet I could’ve gotten some good money for those down at the station.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, and John wasn’t sure if he was talking about the cobwebs or the compliment.
“I’d say the one with the primate forgery,” Sherlock said. “A series of monkeys that were trained to pickpocket tourists and nick their documents. Passports and such. Part of an identity-stealing operation. Very curious. Very well-trained monkeys.”
The warm body in question, John figured, was already up for the day, supposing that he ever went to sleep at all. John glanced at the window, doing his best to gauge the time of day by the light. He wasn’t nearly as skilled as Sherlock was at this and the sun was dimmed by a thick layer of clouds, but he wagered it was just before eight o’clock. Reluctantly, he heaved the blankets off himself and braced for the day.
The thunder crackled through the air and John tensed again, squeezing at his cup. He pressed his eyes closed, reminding his body to breathe. When he opened his eyes, Sherlock was still watching him.
Sherlock’s eyes were growing wet and John wiped at them with his thumb. ”I’m all right, Sherlock,” he said. “I’m all right.”
John had moved back towards the sofa, exercising his abilities as a bipedal animal. He stood in front of Sherlock, positioning himself between the coffee table and Sherlock’s potentially nonexistent body, hands on his hips.
The door flung open and Sherlock burst inside, a towel barely clinging to his waist. His skin was white from the cold and he was still dripping. “Bloody cold showers,” he grumbled.
“Best not to discuss it,” Sherlock said, his words a bit more forceful. His head tilted towards John, and John could see his eyes glitter in the dim light. “It wasn’t pleasant, John.”
John paced around for the better part of the next hour, walking the paths between the ruins with Fitz at his heels, confused yet excited by all of John’s activity for the day. John walked to the fields with the sheep once more, telling himself he was doing another security sweep, but kept one eye on the horizon the whole time. When he finally saw the little speck of the O’Sullivans’ boat in the water, John nearly sprinted down to the harbor.
John cursed, the mobile nearly leaping from his hands as he tried to catch up with Sherlock’s ramblings despite the flurry of incoming messages.
John blinked, finding himself a bit derailed from what he planned to be an impressive tirade. “Um,” he glanced at the beehive. “Yeah. It’s an interesting little building.”
“Well, husband-to-be,” Mary smiled at him, “all I ask is that you keep the future arrests to an absolute minimum. If you can possibly help it.” She sniffed, her nose wrinkling. “And maybe have a shower.”
Adams smiled at the both of them. “Greg Lestrade told me a bit about the both of you,” she said. “He said your methods were unorthodox, but…” she glanced behind her, grinning at Hugh as he was loaded into the police car, “they work.” She shook her head in disbelief. “The Holiday Killer. Can’t believe we’ve got him.”
“I’ve seen men die before,” you say, not because he needs any sort of explanation but rather because you’d like it stated for the record.
Sherlock stepped closer to John. He poked a finger into John’s chest. “John Watson,” he said, “can’t handle
Sherlock burrowed closer to John. His nose was frigid as it brushed against the nape of John’s neck. “I suppose you’d be opposed to us heading back to London tonight.”
After a while, John watched Sherlock’s head start to bob against the cushions of his chair. His eyes slid shut and his head tilted to the side and his breaths started to come low and deep. His hand still rested on Rosie’s back, keeping her pressed against the rise and fall of his chest. John wasn’t so sure how so lovely a sight could break his heart, but that seemed to be what was happening at the moment.
Sherlock’s fall was still a bit of a sore spot between the two of them. The two had rekindled their friendship with relative ease after Sherlock returned, and John—of course—responded
A handkerchief had already materialized in Sherlock’s hand and he dabbed at her nose. Sherlock grasped at Rosie’s shoulders and lowered himself to her eye level. “I am proud of you, Watson,” he said, “for your recollection about the early stages of decomposition following death. I have one small correction related to the process of rigor mortis and the length of time you predict that the boy has been dead. Now—”
“Right,” Sherlock said again. He managed to locate the needle holders and—after more failed attempts than he’d have liked—fit the curved little needle into the thin jaws. He tugged the needle free, a thin strand of suture thread following in its wake.
Sherlock shook his head. “You were gone,” he said. His voice was breaking apart. “You were gone. I’d lost you. I always lose you. I can’t keep from losing you.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m poison,” he said. “I’ll destroy anyone who tries to make a home with me.”
“The journal pages,” John breathed. “The ones that were missing.” John reached in and pulled the pages out. They were crinkled and a bit worn, but they appeared mostly intact.
Sherlock mumbled something that sounded like an agreement. “The sheep will still be dead in the morning.”
“I do like Sherlock,” Mary said. “I really do. I think he is a wonderful, brilliant man. I am thrilled he is back alive, back in your life. But what I feel for him, John,” her expression was insistent, “pales in comparison to what
“That line of inquiry is irrelevant,” Sherlock said. “Isn’t it? It doesn’t much matter how you feel, or how I feel, does it?”
John made a pointing motion with a flat hand, gesturing towards the back of the house. “Twelve o’clock?”
Sherlock smiled, that little twitch of a smile he always tried to hide. He seemed amused by the situation. “Hello, John,” he said.
“You need to know,” John said, “that even if she hadn’t. You know. Tied us up and tried to murder us. I still would have ended things with her. She wasn’t right for me.” John considered. “Turns out, she wasn’t right for me in more ways than one, but… She wasn’t the one I loved.”
Sherlock blinked and, for just a moment, something shifted in his face. John hadn’t realized until that moment how much of Sherlock was a mask, something firm and opaque that hid away all the bits he didn’t wish to be uncovered.
After a few minutes, Rosie stopped crying. She nodded off, her little fist in a ball at her mouth, sleeping peacefully on Sherlock’s chest.
Without warning, the boy on the playground let out a horrified cry. He scampered to his feet, tears streaming down his face. He dashed away from Rosie, arms outstretched, racing towards his mother. He was yelling something about his body not being covered in flies. Rosie looked utterly confused.
John again, looking at him without really seeing. Thinking. As such, John figured it was all right that his cheeks might be a touch flushed. He could feel Sherlock’s hands moving against the journal, fingers running along the edges of the paper, turning the pages slowly. Outside, a gust of wind blew a sheet of rain against the windows, the water rapping against the glass. John wished Sherlock’s fingers were on his legs.
At the station, John and Sherlock gave their respective statements. Sherlock insisted upon Hugh’s innocence, but it was a hard sell. After all, Hugh had ready access to the house and had been by at least once when he thought Sherlock and John would not be there. As it turned out, Hugh’s property management company also had access to the listings of at least three other houses in which people were murdered. Not to mention, Hugh had a bit of a criminal record himself. Nothing major—nothing so serious as murder, that is—but he had a few instances of shoplifting as a youth and a couple of restraining orders out against him. John found the whole of the evidence to be a bit damning, as did the officers.
The next day you passed him, you dropped another few pounds into his cup. He looked up at you again. It all felt worth it, somehow.
On the playground, Rosie found a small group of children to play with. They appeared to have started a game of tag, running about and slapping at each other.
“Don’t.” Sherlock’s hand snaked into John’s hair, sinking into the strands at the back of his head and clenching tightly. “Don’t think on it.”
“I’m going to start taking my computer with me when I go to Gilly’s,” John said, hanging his coat by the door.
Sherlock made a noise that suggested the sheep photographs would hang until he was damn well ready to take them down and slid over to the table, sorting through newspaper clippings at a rapid pace.
“Age seven,” Sherlock said without looking. “When the photo was taken, anyway. Plays in a youth football league. Makes good marks in school. Has ambivalent but generally positive feelings towards her father. Of course, she knew little of his past before his death, so positive feelings were easier to come by.”
However, John managed to force himself off of Sherlock’s cock, crawling back up his gasping body. He hovered over Sherlock, hands on either side of his head. “And you,” he said. “You’re Sherlock Holmes. You’re you. You like to play the violin when you think and sometimes you don’t talk for hours on end. You’re brilliant and mad and more than a bit of an arsehole and the man I fell unsalvageably in love with. That’s who I’ve got, right?”
"That is an astounding oversimplification,” John said, his voice barely audible over the roar of the rain. “It is far greater than an idea and it began long before we shagged. Tell me, Holmes—how long?”
“I checked,” Sherlock said. “Before you awoke. The other cottage remains undisturbed. As does the café and Declan’s lodgings just above. He wouldn’t have stayed so close to us anyway, too high a chance of being caught. And besides,” he nodded in the direction they were heading, “he went this way.” He pointed at the slick grass in front of them, still matted down from the rain. Just visible on a bare patch of earth, stomped into the mud, was the edge of a footprint.
John had nodded, his arms crossed tightly over his chest. His eyes were on Lucy as she bobbed in Darren’s arms. “I know,” he said.
” Multiple voices this time, seeming to come from all directions. Not a one of them sounded pleased.
Both Sherlock and John were well-versed in wound care. Sherlock sat down on the toilet lid and rolled up his sleeve while John retrieved his medical supplies from under the sink. He knelt between Sherlock’s knees, examining the gash on his arm.
It was a truly lovely day. All of the clouds left the island with the storm, and the sky was a spotless blue. The grass was still wet from the rain and practically glittered in the sun. The little yellow flowers that dotted along the island were open and blooming, soaking up the sunlight after a day full of clouds. It was the kind of day that would be perfect, were it not for the mutilated sheep on the hill.
“Right,” John said. “You’re very clever. Not clever enough to avoid getting yourself roofied, but very clever all the same.”
much,” Sherlock said, nearly twisting sideways in his chair as he slipped further into character. “My boyfriend and I are
John considered that it made absolutely no sense for his mouth to start watering at that. His fingers tightened in his hair.
You shake your head. Arrogant prick. The mobile goes silent and you’re just holding it in your hands and staring as if he might crawl out of it somehow. It feels like all the blood in your body is aching, and you can’t say any of the things you’d like to say to him.
Right then, John thought, following. Business as usual. No more mooning at the scenery and grinning at each other. And certainly no more touching, at least for the moment. John did his best to ignore the little throb of disappointment he felt at the notion.
“Oh,” John said. He looked back at the beehive, the little tree growing off the grassy roof of the structure. “Well. Yeah. I see the tree. What’s it got to do with anything?”
“Well,” Mrs. Hudson said, “I’ll leave you to it, then.” She gave him a kind pat on the shoulder and puttered back down the stairs.
He looked back at John, asleep on the bed. John let out a little snore and shifted, his head dropping to the side. His neck stretched out before Sherlock, an extended column of soft skin, the firm bone of John’s jaw protruding just above. Sherlock had his mouth on John’s neck not very long ago and yet somehow ages ago, feeling John’s stubble on his tongue and the vibrations of his moans on his lips. Sherlock couldn’t help but think that John’s outstretched arm looked welcoming, an invitation to crawl into the warmth of the bed and sleep at John’s side until the sun shone through the window. In these sorts of moments, it felt like everything was melting, and melting was no good because melting meant death.
Oddly, avoiding Mary had been easy these past few weeks. Mary was out of the house more as of late, leaving John with Rosie for longer and longer stretches of time. At first, she told John where she would be—at some book club John didn’t know she was a part of, out for drinks with her friends—but eventually skipped this step altogether and simply left, breezing past him and telling him that she would be back later. She arrived back to their flat looking tense and distracted. A little part of John’s brain noticed and occasionally gave him a poke, suggesting that it might be a good idea to ask her a question or two about her recent goings-on. However, a larger part of John’s brain would then remind him that asking Mary questions about her goings-on might lead to questions about
“Check on the sheep, of course,” Sherlock continued. “I don’t think our werewolf would have been back last night, but best to keep an eye out anyway.” John’s vest was still in Sherlock’s hand, the fabric rolling between his fingers. John could feel the warmth of Sherlock’s breath against his back. His eyes slipped closed.
Not quite possessing the energy to remain standing for a full shower, John opted to draw himself a bath. The bathtub in the flat was nowhere near as lovely as the clawfoot tub in the cottage, but it had served its function on multiple occasions before, and John was reasonably certain there were no cameras in the loo in 221b. He turned the water as hot as he could stand and watched the tub slowly fill, the mirrors growing steamy. He tugged the bandage off his head (it was a bit unnecessary, anyway), slid out of his clothes, and slipped into the near-scalding water.
Humiliatingly, John felt almost near tears. He wasn’t one for tears, and he hadn’t cried in ages. The feeling felt foreign to him. He realized—thinking back on it—that he hadn’t cried since the time during which Sherlock was dead and he was brought to his knees by some memory or another, triggered by something silly like dim sum or a bloody striped jumper. In fact, now that he thought about it, he hadn’t even cried when he and Mary were separating, preparing for divorce. He hadn’t cried once over the dissolution of his marriage, and was prepared to blubber like a baby because Sherlock had given him an angry blowjob on a goddamn hill. John wondered what exactly was wrong with him.
John hoped that his harder-than-ideal smack against Sherlock’s arm would be perceived as flirty and not as embarrassed and irritated.
“The thing is,” John said, “all this time, this time we’ve been married…” Time, time. It was time. “I’ve been in love with someone else.”
There was no shortage of candles in the cottage, and soon the small room was bathed in a flickering orange glow. The tiny wicks cracked and popped and the room started smelling like warmth, a mixture of wax and vanilla. The light danced along the furniture and cast shadows on the walls that dipped and swayed with the tiny flames. John considered that the room suddenly looked very romantic.
“Very little,” Sherlock said. “All the remaining sheep are alive and accounted for. I checked. We’ve gleaned all the information we can from Declan’s sleeping quarters, and there is little point to hiking around the island again so soon. It seems that all there is left to do is to wait for our werewolf.”
Rosie—being nearly three months old and not yet having a full grasp of the English language—did not listen. She screamed louder, fat tears streaming down her cheeks. John continued cooing his nonsense words anyway, walking her around the sitting room and hoping that she wouldn’t disturb Sherlock or Mrs. Hudson or the whole of the street too terribly much.
He cracked his eyes open. His eyelids weighed a metric ton and seemed to slip open at different speeds, eyelashes clinging together in defiance. The world was dim and blurry and swirling. Not useful at all for data collection. His eyes temporarily defied him and slammed closed again, but he managed to wrest them open with tremendous effort. There were shapes. Different patterns of light. A rectangle-shaped glow that might have been an open doorway. A square-shaped object just next to the rectangle that seemed to be solid, not a doorway. A moving blob next to him that was also not a doorway.
Hugh cleared his throat. Sherlock stepped away from John, but he kept his eyes on John for a moment longer, not-quite-fake smile lingering on his face. John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and squeezed it tight. He raised his eyebrows at Sherlock.
“No,” Sherlock growled, grasping harder at John’s arse. He wasn’t sure if he could orgasm—an unfortunate side effect of the drugs that tended not to be particularly relevant to Sherlock’s life—but he needed John to come, needed to
And then John was on his back, Sherlock’s body pressing down on his with a weight that seemed impossible for his slight frame. Sherlock’s mouth was on his, gaping and hungry, and his tongue was deep in John’s mouth before John even had a chance to register what was happening. Sherlock’s hands dug into John’s hair, twisting and squeezing, nearly tearing strands out at the root. He seemed as if he were endeavoring to taste every bit of John, to suck the very essence of him out through his tongue. John wasn’t breathing again, his breath stolen from his lungs by Sherlock’s violent mouth. It felt as if bits of him were being blown away in small chunks, eroded and blasted to smooth bits of nothing, and he held on for dear life, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders, fingernails digging into flesh.
“Excellent, excellent,” Sherlock was muttering as he worked the board up. The board came up with a yawning noise, a puff of dust in its wake. Underneath the board was a long hole in the floor, a piece of space in between the stories of the cottage, dark and coated in cobwebs.
The Detective Inspector blinked again. “Thank you?” He was still looking at the flash drive as if unsure what he was holding.
“Haven’t we been talking all these weeks about desired things being subjective?” John asked. He kept up the motion of his hand along Sherlock’s back, his fingers stroking over the silk of Sherlock’s dressing gown. “To me, you’re all I could want.”
drugs.” He removed his hand from Sherlock’s hair and it felt rather like a knife being pulled from a stab-wound. “And you know that.”
Mary looked incredulous. “It’s worth a shot, John,” she said. “I’ve seen the way you are when you’re around him. I’ve seen how he is when he’s around you.” The flat mask of her face slipped away slightly, revealing something sad underneath. “It’s like the two of you were made for each other. You fit together, just like that.” She tried at a smile, although it didn’t quite come out right. “That’s why I couldn’t compete. But that’s why you ought to try.”
A crash of thunder split the air and rattled the cottage and John was ripped from sleep, slammed back into sand and explosions. His eyes popped open and his body shook, heart lurching into high gear, lungs noisily sucking in air. There was no more oxygen in this room. It was too hot in the desert. John could smell the sand baking in the sun. A curse tried to form in his mouth but his tongue couldn’t find purchase.
“And you know what it does to poor Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson said. “You know how he hates it when you’re not here.”
John felt a stab of angry vindication rush through him. Good. He’d managed to shoot the bastard. He hoped it bloody well hurt, especially if the two had done anything to Sherlock, and from the looks of it the thing did. The Taibhses seemed to have done little to attend to the gunshot aside from wrapping the flannel around his shoulder, and the man was pale and wavering as he watched John. His blinks were slow.
“Yes,” John breathed, and all thirty muscles of his hand fit together to flex and twist and squeeze and stroke Sherlock’s cock with fervor and it was another cataclysmic event, a life-ender. Everything dropped down to zero again and the world went black and light blotted out and for a moment there may have been another mass extinction, a reversion into nothingness. Then Sherlock blinked back into existence and he was thrashing on the sofa, arms wrapped around John and thrusting into his hand, head tipped to the heavens and
Sherlock tugged at the seams of John’s vest, drenched in sweat, and John lifted his arms as high as he could muster at the moment. Sherlock peeled the slick fabric off John’s skin and tossed it to the side. It had bloodstains in spots and would likely be binned along with the remains of John’s trousers. John shifted on the bed, wincing as he tried to lay back.
“I’ve done some calculations,” Sherlock said, ignoring John’s question. “It seems as if the Holiday Killer is most likely to strike on the fourth or fifth day of the holiday.”
As if existing only to make John’s life worse, his mobile buzzed. John cursed, silencing it as quickly as possible.
The woman rolled up the leg of her trousers and John examined her ankle. It was a touch swollen but didn’t appear misshapen. “Did you hear a snap?” John asked. “Any numbness?” He pressed a gentle hand around her ankle.
Sherlock heard the door click open and the light shifted underneath his hand. He pressed his palm tighter against his head. He was not about to be fooled into opening his eyes again. The door clicked shut and the light faded. Sherlock kept his hand where it was.
A bit of the anger twitched, moaned. “Because I care about you, Sherlock,” John snapped. “Because we’re friends.”
“God, Sherlock,” John breathed. John reached behind him, grabbing at the nape of Sherlock’s neck with a fist. Sherlock wasn’t typing anymore, his palms flat against John’s chest. John’s breathing had grown a bit labored.
John shook his head, returning to his screen. “They would lose money in exactly the same amount each time, a very peculiar number.”
“I know,” John said, completely unable to stop the smile that flickered across his face. Sherlock glanced up at him and John saw a little smile twitch on Sherlock’s lips as well. John felt soft and buzzing—the wine, he told himself—and it seemed as if he could sit across from Sherlock and smile like an arsehole all night.
John sighed. By his count, the number was fairly high at this point anyway. “You know that blackmailing wedding guests into good behavior,” John said, “isn’t exactly in the job description of the best man.”
John glanced over at him, hands still in his hair. “Shit,” he said. “Sorry.” He glanced at his watch. “Time for meds. And a dressing change.”
The larger man switched the boat back into neutral, the roar of the engine dimming once again. His hand slipped from the tiller briefly before he snapped himself upright, fingers tightening around his gun. He kicked at John once more, seemingly out of habit. He was dipping under, but he was fighting it.
John hadn’t the first bloody clue how the Taibhses had gotten onto the island without either himself or Sherlock noticing, and wondered if the two of them might actually be ghosts. There was sand on the floor of the boat, bits of grass caked on the smaller man’s boots. The Taibhses might have pulled their little boat onto the beach, then, hidden it away behind a rocky crevice that couldn’t be spied from the café, disinclined to scale the cliffs as Will had done. They could have blended in with the tour or perhaps just hid out in some ruins until they spied Will skulking around. Whether they had arrived on the island during the tour or sometime long before—during the night, perhaps, as he and Sherlock were busy shagging—was anybody’s guess. Regardless, they were here now. Will was dead and John was trapped, bound and gagged on a boat bobbing hidden away in a secret little cave, an Englishman waiting to be killed. Sherlock was nowhere to be found. John’s stomach did a little twist.
“John,” Sherlock heard himself gasp, the single word all he was able to work out at the moment, all he was able to use to tell John whatever it was he needed to know, all he ever really needed to say in this life.
Mrs. Hudson had just stopped by with afternoon tea, and John felt calm and sated. After Mrs. Hudson returned to her flat, John stationed himself at the table in the sitting room, opened his laptop, and cracked his knuckles. The afternoon was quiet. It was unseasonably warm and the sunlight shone through the windows, bringing a sweet warmth to the flat. Rosie was at school and John had the afternoon off at the surgery, giving him nothing but time to write up this last case. That is, if he could think of a title.
“And you told me...” John said, breath hitching as Sherlock slid his tongue into his ear. “You told me what I’d do with the pictures.”
“Do I remember?” John asked, jerking his head to the side, gesturing at someone absent. “The other me?”
Claire caught up to Conor and knelt in front of him, grabbing at his shoulders. The boy was panting and looked near-tears. Fitz was a ball of confused energy at his side, spinning in circles and barking at nothing.
Gilly lifted a knee onto the bed, crawling between the two of them. “Sorry, poppet,” she said. “That’s not how any of this works.”
John sucked in air, his lungs on fire. He coughed into the tape, his body shaking with the effort of breathing. He could still feel the crushing sting of the man’s boot against his neck. Sherlock’s eyes were on him. He looked, for the first time ever, frozen. Petrified.
Then Sherlock’s fingers were gone from him and John made a whimpering noise at their absence that was unbecoming of a grown man. Each of John’s breaths was a harsh gasp and his hips were twitching back, seeking Sherlock. He heard the click of the cap again, the wet sounds of slick-on-skin, and then Sherlock’s cock was pressed against his entrance and John could have wept from it.
John was a bit too focused on taking in air to properly assess the situation. His chest was still screaming. His limbs tingled. “I…” he tried. “I think…”
John found himself a bit fixated on the knowledge that his wife, apparently, spoke Polish and knew how to drive a motorbike.
At first, you aren’t even sure why you’re looking at him. You think to yourself that it’s just that he’s a handsome bloke. He’s a straight line of a man, hardly a bit of flesh on him gone to waste. He’s lean and firm and the kind of thing that would cause bruises if he pressed against you too tightly and you wouldn’t mind testing that theory out, that’s for sure. He’s got a mess of curly hair atop his head just begging to be torn into and cheekbones that would make a nun cry and he’s just the sort of posh that tells you he’d be a good time in bed. He’s leaning against that pole and seemingly staring at nothing, but he’s staring at it with such an intensity that you find yourself near gagging for his eyes on you, just to know what it would feel like, if it would burn you.
Sherlock’s skin glowed nearly white in the darkness of the hill. His gaze remained fixed on the stars, the dim light of the universe shining onto his face and painting his sharp edges in soft shadows. His hair was splayed out on the hill behind him. His voice was low, rumbling, a sound that seemed to come from the Earth itself, calling out to the universe that it wouldn’t stand to be considered negligible for long. John considered that the stars weren’t the only magnificent thing in his sight this evening.
John yelped, grabbing at the headboard with both hands as Sherlock pounded into him, each thrust reverberating through his body and nearly breaking him apart—brain spinning, heart crashing, breathing all wrong, not getting enough air, still not getting enough Sherlock. John braced himself against the bed and drove his hips back against Sherlock, meeting each stroke with a shuddering crash.
“Are you all right?” you ask. You’re still fairly calm, but you can hear the panic start to rise in your voice at the sight of him red and gagging in front of you. You can see the marks of each of the man’s fingers on Sherlock’s neck, purple and angry, his skin indented as if the man’s hands were still around him. You run a hand over Sherlock’s face and consider ripping Neville’s arms from his sockets.
my alleged death, but where was the proof of that? You certainly had no qualms about moving on, now did you? Finding yourself a nice little wife, a nice quiet suburban life far away from the chaos of Baker Street. How long did it take you to move out after I died? I believe it was the day after the funeral, was it not? Rent got a little steep with just the one income, then?”
“Does it involve sewers?” John asked. The two of them worked a case about a month ago that had them crawling around in a sewer for much longer than John liked. He saw some things in that sewer that rivaled the horrors of Afghanistan.
"I know it sounds touristy," Claire said, apologetic look wrinkling her nose, "but he's a really lovely dolphin. He'll swim right up alongside your boat. Does flips and everything."
“As we’ve established,” Sherlock said. “Couples kiss. The killer is meant to think we’re a couple. We’ve not kissed yet for the killer to observe. As such…” He lifted his eyebrows slightly.
221b Baker Street was still and dark. The only lights in the flat drifted in from the streetlamps just outside the window and the occasional flicker of a car as it drove past. Rosie was asleep in her room and had been for hours. Mrs. Hudson’s radio downstairs was long since silenced. All, for once, was quiet. Even the bacteria growing on Sherlock’s collection of severed fingers seemed to still its growth for the time being, allowing itself a moment of rest in the night.
“It helps me think,” Sherlock said. He stood in front of the photographs hanging just over the fireplace, fingers steepled under his chin.
“Such a lovely way to fuck you,” Sherlock said. Indeed, they had taken advantage of that particular position several times, in several different locations around the flat: in the kitchen, with John’s chest pressed against the table, sending the glassware rattling to the floor; in the shower, practically ripping down the curtain and getting water just about everywhere; once, after a particularly heated cab ride back from a crime scene, just past the front door, John’s trousers barely pulled past his thighs, Sherlock pushing his fingers into John’s mouth to keep him quiet. It was all unspeakably wonderful.
“Good,” Sherlock whispered, and he wrapped his fingers around John’s cock, giving him a slow, soft stroke.
“I don’t know what…” John’s voice sounded wet. His lips were pressed into Sherlock’s shoulder. “I don’t know what I would have…”
A memory drifted back—John underneath him, legs wrapped around Sherlock’s midsection, pulling him closer, sinking his teeth into Sherlock’s neck to keep himself from screaming—and Sherlock’s temporary coma made a bit more sense. The blanket hugged the curve of John’s arse, dipping into the space between his spread legs, and Sherlock was reminded that John was naked underneath the blankets. Sherlock was as well—their respective comas set in far too quickly to clean off or retrieve any sort of clothing. When John awoke, he would insist that they change the sheets. Sherlock would fight him on it. John would laugh and call him
Sherlock’s smile flickered into something dear, something that might have been affection. He recovered. “I’ve got to go into the station,” he said. “I’ve been in communication with Lestrade, and I believe he can help sort out this Holiday Killer business.”
The couple seated behind them emitted another round of ear-shattering laughter. Sherlock’s face twitched. Angelo exchanged looks with the two of them, the lift in his eyebrows an offer.
to be romantically involved with me causes you physical pain?” Three sets of shoes, in quick succession, were lobbed at the suitcase.
John chuckled, an angry noise. He shook his head. “Of course we weren’t.” It was a silly question, really.
The boat was small for a passenger boat, meant to hold about a dozen people if nobody minded being cozy. Sherlock currently stood at the stern, out in the open air with Darren O’Sullivan, chatting about the case. John spent the first part of the journey in the back with the two of them but ventured towards the front of the boat—the bit that had a roof over it—when he grew tired of getting spray in his face each time the boat shuddered its way through a wave. Now he sat near the front, watching Will seemingly steer the boat towards the largest of the waves and concentrating on keeping his breakfast inside his body.
John looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock seemed open, his face—for once—sincere. That burning feeling was back in John’s throat.
John shook his head. “Stay,” he said. “Please stay. Please…” But even as he spoke the words, he knew they would do nothing. He had already received one miracle tonight, and that was very likely his limit.
“Morning,” Sherlock said, his eyes still closed. His voice was thick with sleep. It sounded too gorgeous to be legal.
“Do you know what you make me want to do to you?” Sherlock asked. He brushed against John’s prostate again, a swirling, twisting motion that John couldn’t comprehend for the life of him, and John made a sound he had never heard himself make before. “I would fuck you in a pile of snow covered in pine needles,” Sherlock whispered. His lips moved against the shell of John’s ear and John was certain it would be the thing that ended him. “I would fuck you in that antique shower, rusted water pouring over us. I would fuck you on the disgusting kitchen floor, rub discarded flour from the pie crusts on your chest and lick it off.” Sherlock pushed his fingers inside of John,
“Which means,” Sherlock continued, “it can be reasonably assumed that the killer is targeting couples.”
John wriggled underneath Sherlock’s hands and the bed let out a groan. Sherlock pressed his hand against John’s stomach, stilling him.
John was unsure if he was still recovering from an orgasm or having a panic attack, but it somehow felt like both. His heart was hammering and his body was sick and shuddering and the tile beneath his eyes was soaked. His brain had several urgent questions for him but lacked the functioning capacity to ask them all properly so they were coming out in broken chunks.
The bombs were rigged to the ceiling, as it turned out. They weren’t visible from the room itself; Sherlock was only able to recognize bits and pieces of their shells after the explosion. As is the way with bombs, there wasn’t much of a warning before they went off. Just a small series of beeps, nearly so faint as to be inaudible.
John hugged the towels to his chest. His fingernails dug into the thick fabric. “In case you plan on sleeping again while we’re here,” he said. He meant for it to be lighthearted, a joke. He wasn’t sure why his tone sounded a bit wounded.
Hugh took the both of them upstairs, although there wasn’t much to see up there. John, of course, knew that it was a one-bedroom cottage and, by definition, would only have one bed. Still, he was a bit shocked to see the thing, sitting underneath a grand window, flanked by the sloping ceiling on each side. John held tight to Sherlock’s hand, refusing to be visibly thrown, but he felt a strange dancing feeling in his stomach.
“Excellent,” Sherlock said, popping up from the floor and looking satisfied. John considered reminding Sherlock to seem less enthusiastic about a murder, but didn’t have the energy to do so at the moment.
John’s hand stayed on Sherlock, slick with come, sliding gently over his skin until Sherlock shuddered with sensitivity, raw and unused to the elements. Sherlock’s chest was still heaving, his heart still drumming as if under attack, but things were starting to still, his new body seeking out homeostasis, whatever that might mean in this world. Sherlock blew out one shaking breath, then another. Another. Slowing, returning. Breathing was essential for life on land, but it didn’t have to be hard.
The roof was dark, its edges shrouded in shadow. John blinked a bit, trying to allow his eyes to adjust to the darkness. He had a few spots swimming in his vision from his climb up the fire escape and was still not breathing properly. He couldn’t see the silhouette anywhere.
You’re making far too much noise for a man getting snogged in an alleyway but the whole of it is out of your control. You want to touch him everywhere and you don’t know where to start. You grab a fistful of his jumper. You sink your fingers into his hair. You run your hands down his back and feel the tight lines of him underneath. He grinds against you, pressing you harder against the wall. He’s got a thigh between your legs and he’s moving it just right. You haven’t come in your trousers since you were seventeen but today might be the day. He’s growling into your mouth—bloody
John didn’t dream of Afghanistan with any sort of frequency anymore. The dreams—filled with bullets and chaos and shouting—that came near-nightly several years back all but faded after he met Sherlock, as if the man were some sort of nightmare salve. They reared their noisy head on occasion, but generally let him be, leaving him with dull, benign dreams that John barely remembered upon waking.
The inside of Mary’s cottage wasn’t much to write home about. John was right—it wasn’t more than just the two rooms. They stood in what seemed to be the larger of the rooms, a combination kitchen and sitting room that didn’t house much more than a rickety table, an antique cooker, and a few mismatched chairs. John guessed that the sleeping quarters and the loo were in the second room, separated by nothing more than a threadbare curtain in the doorway.
“We’ll…” Your mouth is suddenly impossibly dry and most of your energy has been rerouted to fighting back what is sure to be the dopiest grin on the planet threatening to split your face in two. “Right.”
“Yeah,” John said, a bit reeling that he had just promised to be Sherlock’s boyfriend, although certainly not in the same way he had once hoped. “Well. Never be it said I wasn’t willing to help.”
The man had no bubbles left. His legs were slowing. His head wasn’t jerking about anymore. John could feel the man’s chest moving, trying to breathe. Gasping in cold water, sucking in death. The man shook. He couldn’t breathe water. His body was rejecting it. There was a moment of violence, then there was nothing. The man went limp in John’s arms.
In Afghanistan, people saw you. They noticed. They bloody listened. Of course they did, because you were the one telling them if the wound was fatal, if the leg was salvageable, if they would go home in a splint or a body-bag. You were Captain John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and people bloody took notice.
Sherlock walked into the kitchen, careful not to step on any of the shards. He eased himself into sitting, sinking down in the center of the floor and crossing his legs in front of him. Somewhere, a clock ticked away. He could faintly hear the din of the London night outside the flat, engines and horns and the occasional chatter of a pedestrian. Downstairs, Mrs. Hudson eased out of her creaking bed and padded down the hallway to use the loo. The active crime scene that was 221b Baker Street was completely ignored by all, and Sherlock sat very, very still, at home among the broken things.
Hands on his shoulders. More muffled noises. He thought one of the noises sounded like his name. He couldn’t be sure. A figure leaned in close to him. Sherlock.
John found Sherlock’s free hand and guided it to his cock, wrapping the both of their palms around his shaft with interlaced fingers. John moved their hands together, gripping Sherlock’s cock and sliding up his shaft in a fierce pull. Sherlock’s body shuddered and he let out a feral noise, pumping his arse harder on John’s cock as he started to stroke himself. Sherlock was so gone, so hard, so close. John could feel Sherlock’s heart pounding against him. His breaths were coming in ragged pieces.
“Boring,” Sherlock said. “Now.” He turned with a flourish, looking down at John with intensity. “What do we know about this case so far?”
John was gone, of course. Sherlock was laying on his side once more, staring at a wall filled with unmentionable stains, the worn fabric of the ratty mattress pressing against his cheek. He made a noise that sounded like a whimper. Sunlight peeked through the cracks in the boarded windows. It was properly morning now, which made this establishment properly depressing. Sherlock expected Magnussen at his flat in a few short hours but seriously considered not being present for that meeting in favor of crawling downstairs and begging Wiggins for more of whatever it was he took last night. Sherlock very much wanted both his brain and his body to leave him the hell alone.
The man’s eyes fix on you, a little flicker of something mischievous dancing against the rippling waters. “Perhaps,” he says.
Still, he couldn’t help but noticed that he gripped Sherlock’s hand all the harder as the waiter led the two of them to their table. And the hand he placed gently on the small of Sherlock’s back as he sat down—that wasn’t strictly necessary, now was it?
Sherlock felt something on his forehead. A hand. John’s hand, likely. He opened his eyes to verify. Yes, it was definitely John’s hand, sweeping Sherlock’s hair back from his face, pressing his palm to Sherlock’s forehead. Hand verified. And John thought Sherlock wasn’t clever. Sherlock scoffed.
do not.” Sherlock punctuated his argument with a pinch against John’s ribs. John flinched and giggled, kissing at Sherlock’s curls.
HOLY CHEESE NUGGETS THE STORY HAS ENDED. Thank you all endlessly for reading, commenting, kudos’ing, rec’ing, or in any other way encouraging this little fic-writing habit of mine. Have I mentioned that I love you? Because I do. I hope you all one day get to frolic among the sheep and the seals, should you wish.
The dream left him with an overpowering sense of unfulfilled arousal and talking to Sherlock was only making it worse and John was done pretending like he wasn’t going to touch himself tonight. His hand was in his pyjamas and wrapped around his cock, wanking himself in long strokes. He kept his other hand on his mobile, feeling for the vibrations. Something about knowing Sherlock was on the other end—awake at Baker Street, lying in bed and texting him—made the whole of John’s body throb. He let out a little moan and quickly bit his lips closed.
“I understand, John, but I let myself conflate momentary sexual arousal with emotional attachment and I drew conclusions that were unsound,” Sherlock was speaking quickly now, anxious words pouring out of him. “An abysmal lapse in logic that I swear to you will never—”
John took Sherlock’s face in his hands, pressing kisses against his lips, his cheeks, his eyes, his forehead. “I know,” he said, his voice growing high and wavy. “I know.
“Of course,” Sherlock said. “In order to lure this serial killer, we must be absolutely convincing in our portrayal of a couple. Any whiff of falsehood could cause the killer to flee and we’ll lose our chance.”
The shot rings true, screaming through the little room. The man jerks to the side in a spray of blood, twitching and flopping about on the floor. Sherlock sucks in air—a violent, rattling gasp—and you’re at his side in an instant, turning him, hands on his back as he wheezes and chokes.
Placed strategically along the sofa—and, in fact, on every horizontal surface in the flat—were dozens upon dozens of beakers that just so happened to be filled with an assortment of gently-bubbling skin samples floating in questionable liquid.
. That’s what I think about Darren and me sometimes, why we work. And that’s what it seemed like with you two. It seemed like you fit.”
A large, gray object flung itself out of the ocean and flopped along the surf just at John’s right. John cursed, detaching his mouth from Sherlock’s only enough to glance towards the sudden movement, a hand wrapping around Sherlock’s shoulder.
“There’s a wind turbine just at the back of the café,” Darren said to the two of them as he and Claire started back down the path to the harbor, Conor and Fitz running circles around them. “It gives out enough power to charge a mobile. Just the one, though, so you boys’ll have to take turns. Still—you have our number. You can reach us if you need anything.”
The shorter man tugged a small object from the pocket of his trousers. The motion lifted his shirt slightly, revealing the handle of Declan’s gun tucked away in his waistband. The man held the object in his hands, fiddling with it with a thumb. It was a mobile—John’s mobile, he realized. The Taibhses must have stripped him of his possessions while he was unconscious.
It’s nonsense, what you’re saying. You are fully aware that you are speaking nonsense. You wonder if he managed to give you brain damage somehow.
He poured himself a cuppa and felt the warmth seep into his body. He walked back into the sitting room.
Sherlock pulled off him. He loosened his fingers around John’s wrists and lifted himself up slightly, staring down at John with a breathless expression.
He ignores you. “You were looking,” he says. He tugs the cap off his head. His curls are wild underneath. He slips his fingers through his hair and you’re jealous of his hand.
Still, John wondered if he had enough leeway to rub his wrists together, creating friction to fray and snap the ropes. It would take a while, but it was worth a shot. He slid the binds together, hearing the tug and the scratch as he worked the ropes frantically against each other.
Darren shook his head, steering the boat sharply around a boulder that sprung from the Sound. “Bloody bastard,” he said. He glanced back at Conor. “You didn’t hear me say that, Conor.”
“Of course you can trust me,” John said, because that was the thing one said after a question like that. He certainly wasn’t going to tell her about how he had been feeling for Sherlock as of late; there wasn’t much of a point to that, seeing as how Sherlock didn’t and would likely never feel the same. And he
John didn’t look up from the novel he was reading. “I live here,” he said. “Have for several months now. Did you delete that?”
The note hadn’t even hit the floor before John was at the stairs, practically leaping down the stairwell and hauling himself along on the railing. He didn’t bother to turn any of the lights off behind him. It didn’t matter. He darted through the foyer and burst out onto the street. Whoever left the note, they might still be around. If not them, somebody. Some passer-by, some homeless person,
“Yeah,” John said. “That’s where he vanished. I think he scaled down the cliffs. I could see climbing gear.” He shook his head. “How the hell could he even do that? In the storm the other night? How is it even possible?”
“Right,” John said, snapping back to attention. He tugged a set of gloves onto his hands and gingerly started pulling at the surgical tape that bound the large bandage to Sherlock’s chest. “Let me know if any of this hurts too much,” he said.
“I do!” Rosie said. She flipped through the notebook full of elaborate math and diagrams that she certainly could not decipher. “Papa explained it. There are doors.”
John’s hand tightened around Sherlock’s, as if his grip could keep him here, on this hill, on this island, in Ireland, on Earth. “How?” John asked. “Sherlock. How could you believe that nobody would care that you died?”
“We can relax a bit if we’re at the cottage,” Sherlock said, “but we should still remain friendly, in case the Holiday Killer is stalking us in some manner. Peering through the windows, that sort of thing.”
Gilly made a little sympathetic noise at John’s barely-cobbled-together smile. “You don’t like it when the two of you are at odds, do you?”
Red and blue lights dancing on the walls again, but fainter this time. It must be approaching daylight. Sherlock wasn’t certain if his eyes were open or not. He had been here for the entirety of the night. At some point, he would have to figure out how to use his limbs again and stand. Walk. Leave. Find a cab. Janine was likely to be back at the flat, touching things, getting her smell everywhere. Not that it mattered.
This was, of course, a silly question. No matter how out of practice John was with daily life with Sherlock, he didn’t need to be a genius to know that the photographs of mutilated sheep hanging in their flat were a mere harbinger of the number of dead sheep that were about to be in John’s future, in some way or another. This had all the hallmarks of a case, and a particularly grizzly one at that, judging by Sherlock’s unreserved glee.
John perched on the edge of the bed, looking as if he was keen on touching as little of it as possible. His jaw was set in a way that suggested that he, in fact, agreed but was not willing to admit to it out loud. He looked down at his trousers, still damp with alleyway sludge. “I’m covered in god-knows-what,” he said. “I’ll ruin your fancy sheets.”
“I can hear you thinking,” Sherlock said. “I’m afraid there’s no other way. The sofa in the sitting room is in plain view of the window. If the killer comes by and sees one of us sleeping on the sofa, our game will be up.”
“I am fully aware of the impact of physical contact on the release of neurotransmitters in the brain,” Sherlock said. “There have been numerous studies conducted with lab rats. Oxytocin in the presumed culprit. It is a physiological response, nothing more. If we are aware of it, we won’t be tempted to fall victim to it.”
The problem with drugs, of course, is that one cannot simply tell one’s brain to ignore their effects and go on functioning as if nothing were happening. One can try, but in Sherlock’s experience success is limited. In these circumstances, it is best to just hold on and go where one’s brain takes one.
“Probably,” Sherlock said, his fingers flying over the keyboard once more. “I certainly wasn’t listening at the time.”
Sherlock caught John’s hip in his hand, stilling him with firm fingers. “That’s exactly the sort of thing you can’t do,” Sherlock whispered. His hand was back on John’s cock an instant later, stroking and twisting at a maddeningly slow pace, as if Sherlock had all the time in the world to explore him.
“Oh my god,” Mary was laughing, practically doubled over. John felt as if his teeth might shatter from grinding them together.
“Mycroft and I are no longer on speaking terms,” John said. “And besides. It’s common sense.” John reached across his plate and sectioned off a bite of Sherlock’s lasagna. He liked Angelo’s lasagna. He was glad Sherlock ordered it.
“We had a rough go of it too,” Lestrade was saying. “But we did our best to keep it together for the kids. I think it was the right thing to do, you know. So the kids had both parents around.”
“Oh,” Mary said, looking as if she had to stretch her memory back ages, “a while ago. The scan was at...eighteen weeks, I believe.”
Sherlock’s lips tightened. His gaze remained fixed out the window. “Pain,” he said. It seemed like an understatement, but the sick, rib-crushing thing he felt as he said goodbye to John and boarded the plane seemed to defy definition. Fortunately for him, he had learned a trick or two to make the pain go away. Rather, Wiggins had learned a trick or two and Sherlock paid him handsomely for the proof.
,” he gestured again, “until one or the both of us dies. Preferably the latter. Were you aware of that?”
Sherlock sighed. “Take what you wish for her to know, all the reasons you want her back in London with you and Rosie, and distill it down to what is the most important, what is essential that she know.” He paused. “And remove the profanity.”
Great. So Sherlock had driven off somewhere, upset with John, leaving John stranded at the cottage with no way of chasing after him.
John rolled off of Sherlock a shuddering mess, landing on his side and pressing his face into the grass. His lungs were burning and his limbs were tingling and his arse ached in a way that felt perfect. His cock leaked the last remnants of come down his leg and he shook.
Sherlock had said. John opened his eyes and took a defiant sip of tea through rattled hands. He swallowed, satisfied with himself.
organs. Someone had split the body open right down the middle and taken all the organs out—heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, intestines—then sewed it right back up. Then the body was dumped in a skip, where it was discovered a week later.
“Sherlock.” John wasn’t asking this of Sherlock, and the whole of it seemed supremely cruel. He was already asking so much of Sherlock as it was. “You absolutely do not have to—”
Sherlock smiled again, not hiding anything anymore. He squeezed at John’s hand. “Soon, John,” he said. “This will all be over. I’m coming home. I promise.”
Sherlock nodded, his eyes still nowhere near John’s. “What you said was nice as well. If it was real.” He considered. “Even if it wasn’t, it was still nice.”
His pulse hammered through him. His whole body was shrieking, needing oxygen. His chest spasmed. His lungs wanted to breathe, demanded to breathe. They would overpower him soon, sucking in the sea instead of air and that would be the end of him. The water pounded against him at all angles with mangling force. The current tore at his hair, his clothes. His heartbeat thundered in his ears. He couldn’t move his legs anymore. Everything was a screaming pain. The red was turning to white. He thought of Sherlock.
John cursed and urged his legs to move faster. He slipped a bit in the grass, still wet from yesterday’s rains. The man was clearly much more used to sprinting up hills than John was, and was already midway through the field, about to dip over the top of the hill and start down the path that ran along the cliffs. John’s foot hit a patch of mud and he tumbled forward, landing on a knee and dragging himself back up, catching fistfuls of grass as he clambered to his feet.
The odds of me messing something up about the various countries mentioned in this chapter and the next are SUPER high. If you spot a mistake, please let me know! Internet research can only take you so far...
Sherlock blinked, apparently never once considering that John might not be in the mood to pretend to be his boyfriend at the moment. “We must stick to the plan, John,” he said.
John made a noise he couldn’t quite comprehend. He craned his head back, nipping at Sherlock’s lips with a mouth that wasn’t fully coordinated anymore. Sherlock caught John’s jaw in a hand that had no intentions of shielding anything and kissed him with fervor, his tongue twisting against John’s, exploring, his breaths hot against John’s lips.
“—clean this.” John did his best to balance the drawer in his hands. A few dislodged utensils clattered to the floor.
Sherlock was buried once more in the social media pages of the various victims when John came downstairs this morning, so John decided to take advantage of Sherlock’s distraction and draw himself a bath. He
“Right,” Claire said. “The Island was home, not whatever was out there.” She gestured in the direction of the mainland and started them walking again. “Sadly, it was a death that put the whole of it to an end. A lad caught a completely treatable illness. The weather was nasty and the Islanders couldn’t get the boy to a doctor. So he died. The government put their foot down after that and put an evacuation in motion. By 1953—all the Islanders were gone.” She pointed out towards the sheep. “Save for that lot.”
At this point, your handle on possible and impossible things has fluctuated wildly, but you are fairly certain that it is not possible for you to love this man any more. “Baker Street, was it?” you ask.
“We’ve abandoned the idea of Rs,” Sherlock said. “Let’s pin our hopes to Is and Os. You remember the soft I.
Sherlock ran his hands along John’s arms, their bodies were practically flush against each other. “Same difference. Unfortunately, it also means that we must continue our little ruse in the cottage as well. I’m already afraid that the distance between us has given up our game a bit.”
“You’re bleeding,” John said. He ran a finger over Sherlock’s forehead, just over his eyebrow, and Sherlock felt a slight sting at the pull of John’s fingertip. John removed his finger, showing Sherlock a smudge of blood. Nothing of concern.
“It’s just a sprain,” John said. “They wouldn’t have done a bloody thing for me at hospital. They would have had me wait hours only to ice the damn thing and send me home with instructions to take paracetamol. A waste of everyone’s bloody time.”
John opened his eyes just as a box of bullets was flung at him. He managed to get an arm up to shield himself just in time.
“Stop,” Sherlock said, releasing John’s hand and touching his fingers to John’s lips. “Wait. Just a moment. Let me remember this. I want to keep it, just as it is.” He shut his eyes, his brow furrowed. “Just as it is before you say what you’re about to say. Please.”
“Of course,” Sherlock said, “if you would rather hole up in a corner somewhere and text your girlfriend like some pathetic
However, John wasn’t here to think about the day Sherlock died. No, he was here—apparently—to think about the day they met.
Sherlock made a little humming noise, but set the jumper back inside the drawer. He rifled through the remaining articles of clothing a bit half-heartedly. John turned his attention back to the contents of the desk. He thumbed through
You go with the after-work crowd, while the sun still shines through the windows. You take a seat at the bar and order a pint and drink it down slowly. The barkeep nods at you and the patrons elbow past to order their drinks and nobody ever talks to you, not really anyway. You drink your pint and keep your eyes on whatever football match is playing on the telly and when you’re finished you nod at the barkeep and make your way back home. The barkeep nods back, but if you turned up missing the next day and the police came by to ask if he had seen you he would blink absently at your photograph.
It took John a moment to remember how to speak. “That’s…” He felt as if his legs were growing wobbly. “That’s on Baker Street.”
Fuck. He needed to go somewhere else if he was going to do this. This wasn’t exactly something he wanted to explain to Mary if she came down the stairs. With effort, he removed his hand from his cock and lifted himself off the sofa. Christ, he was so hard it was a challenge to walk, the fabric of his trousers sliding against his erection with each step. He staggered towards the downstairs bathroom and shut the door firmly behind him.
There was no time for gentle now; John moved his fingers inside of Sherlock as his cock had only moments ago—fast and merciless. He crooked forward with each thrust, keeping a relentless pace against Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock’s whole body tipped backwards. A leg wrapped around John. He didn’t fully understand the sounds that poured from his mouth.
“I love him,” John said again, his smile widening. “And. I’ve been an idiot, I know. I’ve been an idiot, but...I know now. I know how I feel about him.” The words were falling out of his mouth now, and John wondered vaguely if he might be blubbering. He didn’t care. “And, it’s him. For me. He’s the one I want. The only one. If he’ll have me.” He scratched at his head, a stab of nerves running through his gut. “God, I hope—”
“Every day I was gone,” Sherlock said, “I thought of you. I wondered about you. I pictured you. I talked to you. Every day, John. Every single day.”
Sherlock took so long to come to bed that night that John started to wonder if he was purposefully waiting until he was certain John had fallen asleep. And when John lifted his head to watch Sherlock as he crept into the room, long after John had burrowed himself under the covers, he couldn’t tell if the look on Sherlock’s face was one of regret or relief.
“It’s all him,” John said before he could stop himself. “He’s handsome enough for the both of us.” Sherlock blinked and, if John wasn’t mistaken, a hint of red rose to the tips of his cheeks. It was true, though. With his lithe figure, piercing eyes, and sharp, elegant features, one would have to be blind or brain damaged not to find Sherlock Holmes attractive. More than once, John found himself crankily marveling at how Sherlock could manage to be so bloody
John gave a little snort. It would seem Declan and Sherlock had a certain preference in common, then. He couldn’t help but wonder if Sherlock would be in heaven out here on this island, away from all the bothersome
John thought, and his brain froze again. For a moment, there was only the loud red-and-green din of the room while his brain began the arduous process of restarting again. John wondered if he would ever be fully functional again.
John watched Sherlock and barely registered her words. He had gotten a bit off track, he realized. He was missing the point. None of this was what he meant to say, not anymore.
“No,” Sherlock said. John didn’t understand—he couldn’t be here; he was in danger. “You have to leave.” He swallowed. “I don’t want you here.”
Sherlock hadn’t been aware that he was breathing. He tried it out a few times. It seemed to work just fine, which made sense given how clever he was. “Of course not,” he said. He turned his head back towards John.
, John thought to tell him, but he figured it would do just about as good as telling the wind to stop blowing, the tides to stop coming in.
John leaned forward, listening. The sheep were really going on about something, much more than usual. There was something different to their noises, a sort of screaming, high-pitched panic. As if danger was near.
“I don’t understand,” Sherlock said. His eyes were growing wild, frenzied. “It shouldn’t have hurt. None of it was supposed to have hurt.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Come now, John,” he said. “Sarah was dull and worthless. You were already tired of her by the time she had the good sense to put the thing out of its misery. You’ll be much happier without.” He averted his gaze slightly. “It is nonsensical for you to be with someone dull and ordinary, John. Not you.”
Sherlock insisted that it was imperative that the killer have no clue they were onto him. Thus, they needed to act as normal as possible. They were two lovers just returned from a romantic day in town. Best to act as such.
Sherlock asked him once what he would say. If he was being murdered, in his last few seconds, what would he say? At the time, John had a precise answer. He used to know firsthand, after all—Afghanistan had seen to that. It seemed to be the sort of thing that, once you knew, you didn’t stop knowing. It seemed to be a permanent answer.
“Can you be quiet?” he asked. His finger was pulsing inside of John, so softly John couldn’t be sure it wasn’t his own body vibrating against Sherlock.
It would have been hard enough to find a cab out there in the first place, and the rain sealed the deal entirely. John had a nice long walk in the rain until he found a bus stop, and then a nice long wait in the rain until the bus arrived, much later than the timetables promised. By the time John arrived back at Baker Street, the sun had long since set and John was drenched, freezing, and pissed off.
“I’m keeping you,” Sherlock said. “You said I could keep you and I intend to take you at your word. I’m never letting you go. Not ever.” He bit at John’s lip, sucking John’s lower lip between his before sinking into his mouth again, eating the cry that tried to escape John’s lips. John clung to him tighter. He was seeing spots. He felt as if he were staring down a hurricane, the full force of the ocean hitting him all at once.
Sherlock chuckled, leaning in for one last kiss. His lips moved against John’s, a small breath of air tickling at John’s mouth. “Be careful,” Sherlock whispered, barely sound.
A flash of a memory shot through John’s head—Sherlock explaining to him how the victims were found. Laying on their beds. Throats cut. Hands severed. Eyes gouged out. John wished he asked Sherlock which of those injuries occurred first, but they all seemed equally unpleasant at the moment.
“You don’t know who you’re dealing with,” Will said. “The Taibhses. They’re brutal. They’ll come after you, too. You and your friend. They’ll destroy anyone standing in the way of what they want.”
“We don’t need to get the police involved,” he said, his voice picking up speed. “We can work this out between the three of us. How about I waive the fees for your time at the cottage? Say this one is on the house?”
“Seems we’ve been left with a sample of the local spirits,” John said. He lifted the bottle for Sherlock to see. Sherlock barely glanced at it. “Fancy a drink?”
A light switched on in a nearby room. The glow from the crack underneath the door shone a bit brighter through the storage closet. John could see that, in fact, the boxes they were crouched behind were the foam coolers used to keep organs. He considered how exceedingly terrible of a location this would be to hold a shoot-out.
At that, an irritated knocking—five raps, loud and sharp and sudden—vibrated the wall just behind them. Someone disgruntled cleared their throat with purpose.
Lestrade cleared his throat, stared into the dregs of his pint. “Listen,” he said. “It’s a good thing you and the missus got things all patched up. What with the baby and all.”
“Oh god,” John moaned. He rubbed his hands over his face, then immediately remembered that his hands were meant to be covering a very specific part of himself. “Oh
“Some would-be bank robber managed to land a punch on me after I interrupted his bank robbing,” Sherlock said. “He happened to be wearing a ring at the time. A rather thick one. Shaped like a snake for some reason. I believe it was the tail that got me.”
“Any help you’re willing to offer…” John said through gritted teeth. He could hear some pages about to tear, which likely wasn’t preferred.
It went on like this for a bit. John shifted where he stood, wishing that he’d been able to get into the shower before they started on this particular investigation; he was beginning to feel a bit itchy. He thought of his tea, sitting untouched in the kitchen, over-steeped and ruined. Even Sherlock seemed to be losing hope in the endeavor. John was just about to suggest that they give up when Fitz burst forth with energy, planting himself just above a floorboard in front of the door and scratching at it with all his might. He yipped and barked, his tail flying through the air.
Darren nodded at John in greeting once John managed to stumble his way onto the boat. Also in tow were Conor and Fitz, looking much more excited about the upcoming adventure than John felt.
Sherlock said nothing, but John saw him blink again, saw his shoulders stiffen. He might’ve thought it was a false alarm. It happened sometimes, with the bells.
It was half-three in the morning on some god-forsaken island off the coast of central Finland. The sun hadn’t properly set and wouldn’t for another several months; it was maddeningly bright. It was one or two degrees Celsius at the most, and the temperature was dropping. Clouds were rolling in, promising nasty weather in their wake, and the wind blew as if out for vengeance. Sherlock held John’s face in his hands and kissed him with everything he had and John would have sworn, absolutely sworn, that it was paradise.
They separated for just a moment and John blinked into Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock’s smile was tenuous, disbelieving, and glittering down on John like the sun onto still waters. Sherlock’s hand was firm on John’s neck and John grabbed at Sherlock’s hand, his forearm, squeezing at him wordlessly (
Sherlock shook his head. “I lose control,” he said. “With you. It’s too much. You’ll need a shield. You’ll need a shield from what I’ll do to you.”
, there hadn’t been a pulse. Sherlock was dead. And yet, John couldn’t help but think that if there was any one man who could find a way to outsmart death, it was Sherlock Holmes.
“Exploded a pig’s stomach,” John said, arms outstretched so Mary could see the extent of the carnage. “Meant to just blow-torch the thing.
John waited. When it was clear Sherlock wasn’t going to say anything else on the subject, he waved a hand. “Care to elaborate?”
Mary thought about it. She rubbed at her belly. “Alright,” she said. “We’ll name the baby Catherine, then.” Her voice sounded hollow—a shell. Empty vaults.
“I loved you,” John repeated. “I love you. I still bloody love you. And it feels like it’s eating me alive, bit by bit. It’s been over a year since you died, and I don’t think it’s going to get any better.” He wiped at his eyes with the heel of his hand, feeling well and truly mad at the moment. A woman passed by and considered him oddly, but he did his best to ignore her, turning and continuing down the street.
isn’t it? However, John realized that he hadn’t heard from Gilly—no calls, no texts—in quite some time today and he hadn’t even noticed it until just this moment. He also realized that what he felt just now with Sherlock, even though they were pretending to be something they weren’t as they waited to get murdered, was much,
The ancient taps creaked and the water took a moment to heat up, but when it did the water was near-scalding, just as John liked it. John filled the tub nearly to the brim, poured in some of the bath salts he found in a cupboard, and sunk into the water, stifling a moan as he did so.
“I’ll bet you could,” John said. He forced himself to turn his head away from Sherlock. Sherlock caught John’s earlobe in his teeth.
“That’s what you do, then?” you ask. “Whenever the police can’t solve a crime, they call you and you solve it for them?”
“Sherlock is right,” Mary said. “We really shouldn’t all stay in one place for too long. It’s too dangerous. If my contacts talked to you two, there’s no telling who else they talked to.”
“The most straightforward is the time separated,” John continued. “Two years separated or five years separated. Just to show the court you’re really committed to not being married anymore.” John shook his head. “Not a good option for those who don’t feel like waiting that long to be divorced. On to the other options, then. Desertion—not relevant for us. Adultery—also not relevant, so far as I know. So that leaves us with the final option—
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John, a small smile dancing over his face. Then John crushed their mouths together, not so much a kiss as an assault. He bit at Sherlock’s lips and felt Sherlock’s breath hitch underneath him, felt his stomach tremble beneath John’s legs.
after which he relied on a primary strategy of being as silent as possible. They could drop the pretense when around the O’Sullivans and
“What?” John asked. His head spun. He had learned bits and pieces of why Sherlock jumped—Moriarty threatening his reputation, Sherlock’s mission to destroy Moriarty’s criminal web—but he hadn’t heard this bit, not ever. “Sherlock, is that true? Is that why you jumped?”
John had his hand on his chest, trying to calm himself from the near heart attack Sherlock just caused. “Right,” he said. “I’ll be ready as soon as I finish up with—”
The two of them were just in a flat. The ghost’s flat, the one who had been on a date with that woman. The nurse, the sad one. It was a strange flat. It was dark and it smelled funny and it had an egg-chair that made no sense. Sherlock also seemed to recall there being a skull. Why would there have been a skull? Was it one of his? And why weren’t they in the flat anymore, looking at the skull?
Neither, John thought, did watching one’s best mate get carted off to solitary confinement in a very high-security holding facility after shooting a man in cold blood. They were already at a disadvantage here.
You wrap your hand around his cock and he clamps his fist around yours, still in some sort of control even now. He moves your hand against him, showing you how he wants you to touch him, tightening your fingers around his shaft, twisting your palm around his head. You push forward and bend him near in two and he’s lost more language now, down to just nonsense sounds and panting, but he’s still moving against you, still urging you faster. His eyes are on yours, glassy and flickering and beautiful, shimmering deep-sea blue in the dimming light. You want to kiss him but you can’t at this angle, not with his leg slung over your shoulder, and besides you think if you kiss him you might pass out because you aren’t really breathing as-is and his lips are just enough to do you in.
The ball of lead was still taking up too much space in John’s stomach for him to eat properly and Sherlock never seemed to eat, but the two ordered plates as a pretense and poked at their food. John ordered a beer, which slowly warmed next to him as his food turned cold. Sherlock sorted his food into little piles again. The whole of it was awful.
Sherlock paused. He sighed. “Longer than I’d have liked,” he said. “Long enough to learn the importance of breathing.”
“It would seem your skills at disappearing could stand to be improved,” Sherlock said. “And it would also seem as if your contacts are rather loose-lipped.”
“I’ve scrutinized the camera angles,” Sherlock said. “From what I can tell, if we are standing in the kitchen just so—” he turned John’s body slightly to the side, so he was still pressed to the counter but Sherlock’s back was more squarely pointed to the camera, “it is possible for us to look as if we are kissing without our lips actually touching.” He stepped closer to John, sliding a hand along John’s cheek. “Close your eyes,” he said.
It seemed involuntary, a bit like sleepwalking. Sherlock opened the door that led into his bedroom and John moved with him, his body seeming to know where Sherlock was taking him without Sherlock even needing to ask. John’s eyes were closed and his body was partially limp but he moved as if he knew exactly the way, and when Sherlock maneuvered him towards the bed he sat down without needing to be told.
John awoke to Sherlock grasping his head with both hands and shaking him roughly, which was not one of his favorite ways to wake up.
“Hold onto me,” John said, slipping the needle through the skin at the opposite side of the gash. Sherlock’s fingers wrapped around John’s waist, a steady pressure against his hip.
“Nearing the Island in five,” Will called back from the front of the boat. “Get ready to board the dinghy and ship off.”
The both of them were fairly scuffed and bruised, but Sherlock had the worst of it, with a long gash running along the length of his bicep, courtesy of the knife the surgeon wielded. John studied the gash, frowning.
to be on par with wearing a tin hat to protect oneself from little grey aliens. Allowing one’s mood and activities to be so negatively impacted by an abstract emotional construct, Sherlock always thought, was a near-textbook definition of insanity. As such, Sherlock was fairly displeased with himself at the moment.
Then Sherlock’s hands were free, twisting out of John’s grip and heaving himself into sitting, catching John in his lap. He wrapped his arms tight around John, fingers digging into skin, pulling him close.
Mary had left it sitting in the center of the kitchen table. She must have assumed that he would see it immediately upon entering the flat. She must also have assumed that he would be back much earlier, when there was still some light in the flat. John snatched up the note.
Sherlock made another little groaning noise that didn’t seem to mean much of anything at all. Breathing was a bit of a challenge with his face slammed into the mattress. He twisted himself onto his back. The room spun some more. He did something like shaking his head that might have been more convincing if his neck was working properly.
case-related developments.” His fingers never paused along the keys, but John could see Sherlock’s face turn ever so slightly sour. “Your insistence on romantic connections is negatively impacting your utility as a helpmate.”
John felt a wave of relief wash through him with such force it nearly made him dizzy. His head slumped back against the floor of the boat. All right. Sherlock was all right.
It’s a Wednesday and the pub is only half-full, stocked with some of the usual after-work patrons that you’re starting to recognize. A laughing woman that you’ve pieced together is a teacher. A small batch of young businessmen out to do some damage to their livers while their bodies are still elastic. A solitary bloke with white hair who you believe is a daily customer and—you’re afraid—is a bit like looking into a portal at yourself in a more immediate future than you’d like. There are faces you don’t recognize too—people just in for the evening, tourists getting a taste of London beer, a handful of blokes who have just had a particularly bad Wednesday and are hoping to drink it away. Whether you recognize the faces or not doesn’t really matter—none of them recognize you. You’re all just ships in the night down here.
“Ah,” said John. It did seem a bit obvious, now that he thought about it. Frustratingly, most things did. “So you think that the pages—”
“Right,” Sherlock said, yanking his gloves off himself and tossing them in the general direction of the bin. They didn’t even come close. “Right. Right.” He rummaged through the kit. “What am I…?”
“Such a silly law,” Mrs. Hudson said, “making the two of you wait a full year to apply for divorce.” She looked to Sherlock, who didn’t seem to be paying attention to the clippings he shuffled through anymore. “Don’t you think, Sherlock?”
John could barely comprehend how right it had felt, waking up with Sherlock like that. Ordinarily, he hated when he woke up with a partner wrapped around him. Sometimes, he felt smothered if so much as an arm was pressed against his back. He felt stifled and overheated and shifted around in the bed until either they got up or he did. With Sherlock, he could have stayed there for hours, just feeling Sherlock’s heart pound against his. He hated that Sherlock had gotten out of bed.
John went limp after, his hands loosening their grip on Sherlock’s hips, his muscles going slack. He gazed up at Sherlock with half-closed eyes and flushed cheeks. Sherlock could see John’s pulse pounding in his neck. He dropped to his elbows and kissed at John’s panting mouth. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck and pulled him close, doing something akin to kissing him back but mostly just smiling and breathing, smiling and breathing. His softening cock slipped out of Sherlock and Sherlock whimpered at the sensation, feeling John’s come drip out of him in its wake. He pressed his forehead to John’s and breathed him in. He didn’t smell like a forest anymore—he smelled like sweat and sex. It was glorious.
It was only when Sherlock was fully inside, his hips flush against John’s arse, arms wrapped tight around John’s chest, pulling John as close as he could, that John could feel Sherlock’s heart hammering, knocking against John’s back. Sherlock’s breathing was unsteady and his arms were shaking slightly and he pressed the softest of kisses to John’s neck and John loved him so much it was like a physical pain.
John twisted on the floor of the boat, trying to move away from the man’s crushing boot. He got himself onto his back but the man stayed put, pushing angrily against his throat, cutting off air. John could feel his pulse throb behind his eyes. His vision was starting to go spotty. His wrists dug into his back, his body bent at an odd angle.
made John happy, happier than he had been in the whole of his life. John didn’t feel like he could say any of that out loud, and his mind suggested a compromise of lifting himself off the bed, walking over to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him, and never letting go.
“Did you get dragged on the ground?” Mary asked. “During the fight?” This hypothesized fight, apparently, was rapidly becoming the accepted explanation for what had gotten the two of them arrested.
” Sherlock pressed his eyes shut, as if trying not to remember. His voice wavered, cracking. “You were gone.”
For a long moment, the only sound in the room was their breathing. John’s lungs burned and each breath carried a faint whimper on its tail, as if orgasm was only a step away from sobbing. Sherlock’s face was still buried in John’s hair. His mouth was open and he sucked in strands with each inhale, ruffled at his hair with each exhale. Sherlock’s palm was pressed over John’s heart and he could feel it, John knew. He could feel the mad pounding in John’s chest for which Sherlock himself was responsible. It would feel like an admission, a vulnerability, except that John could feel Sherlock’s heart as well, hammering against his back, and for once they seemed as one, beating and breathing and spent and wrapped together, the distance between them mathematically negligible. The center of it all.
The sound was high and faint but getting louder by the second. The four of them turned towards the screams and saw Conor tearing through the field, legs pounding and fists pumping at his side, red-faced and howling for them. Fitz was at his heels, barking up a storm. The little ewe by the café finally gave in and darted away, scampering back towards a wary-looking cluster of sheep partway down the hill.
Fitz sat at John’s heels, watching the boat leave. He seemed momentarily confused by his family leaving him on an island with relative strangers.
Mary grinned. “I hate to tell you this, Doctor Watson,” she said, “but you might be a bit too old to drink like a teenager.”
This is different, and you can tell immediately. This feels like the thing you’ve been aching for, the scratching of an itch on a phantom limb. He’s taller than you and quite a bit leaner, but he fits against you expertly, almost as if the both of you had been practicing for this moment for years. You don’t want to come—ever—if it means that he’ll move away from you, stop touching you, disappear into the streets with some other disguise, never to be seen again. The thought of any part of this ending is heartbreaking and you need for it to last because this man crawled his way into the core of you and made a home, and nobody, not a single person, has done anything like that before. He feels so familiar under your hands and if you’ve been right about you being the only real person in the whole of this city then he’s the second one, the second real person, and that’s amazing, isn’t it? He’s amazing, and you can’t let him go.
The island was smaller now, dropping away in the distance. It slipped into the scenery of the other bits of land in the Sound, massive rocks with patches of greenery growing atop them, the wizened shields that dotted the edge of the Dingle Peninsula. There would be tours heading this way again in a week or so, John knew. Batches of people to gawk and stare and snap photographs of the island, taking in knowledge about the place without ever fully understanding.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He turned back to the drawer, shuffling aside jumpers and socks without fully attending to them. “You still have the oatmeal jumper.”
“I’ve got…” you start. You have to warn him. People do better with a warning, you’ve found. Not well, but better. “I’ve got a scar…”
Sherlock grappled with John’s jacket, wrenching it off his shoulders, down his arms. John released Sherlock just long enough to wriggle out of it and Sherlock tossed the thing to the side. It collided with something on the counter and several objects crashed to the floor. Sherlock had never cared less about anything in his life. He tore at John’s shirt, barely registering the buttons that popped from their stitches. John tugged at Sherlock’s shirt, his belt, his trousers. Everything was disorganized, messy. Something else tipped over on the table, rolled, met the edge and careened to the floor. More breaking glass. Sherlock laughed. He hoped they’d destroy the entirety of the kitchen. He wanted everything in the flat to be in pieces by the time they were done.
John tried to shout something at the man, some cross between a demand for answers and a series of threats, but the sound was turned to a garbled nothing by the tape over his mouth. Neither man paid him any heed.
You wave to them, and of course they don’t wave back. They can’t see you (nobody can) like you see them, and there’s something nice in knowing that there’s somebody else out there.
“The sound moves forward in your mouth,” Sherlock said. “You’re too British, speaking from the wide space in the back of your mouth. In an Irish accent, everything you say should be small, placed just at the front of your mouth.”
There were times when John screamed from frustration or punched a wall or drank himself blind but he had never felt more alive. When he was in the thick of it, when it was
” Sherlock said, his voice echoing across the walls. “The host, in showing you what was behind one of the doors, reduced your choices down to two.
“He was desperate, Will was,” Sherlock said. His eyes were dancing. Fitz jumped and yapped at his feet. “He certainly wasn’t being careful with the money he stole from Declan. Only racked up more gambling debts. Needed more money. Doesn’t get paid very much working as a skipper, that’s for sure. No, Declan took his primary source of income from him, but he knew where he could get more. He knew who could give him all the tea in China.”
Sherlock’s mouth tugged down at the corners. His face seemed to be in danger of collapsing in on itself. “Say it once more, please,” he said. “Just the once. And then never again. Never say it again.”
“I thought it might give us a clue,” John said. “You know, track her purchases. See where she is.” He glanced at Sherlock’s intentionally placid face. “I guess she’s a bit too clever for that.” He frowned. “Not sure how she’s getting around, then. She hasn’t withdrawn any money at all. None.”
“I know,” Sherlock repeated, his own voice barely audible as well because John was right. The two of them fit together, and in much more than a literal sense. There was something so suddenly correct about it, like the long-sought answer to a befuddling question, or the way Sherlock could lay eyes on a smudge of dirt on a victim’s shoes and the whole mystery of a previously-unsolvable crime was unraveled, laid bare before him. It all made sense, it all made so much sense. Sherlock was certain it would take him apart, break him down into tiny pieces right in the moment. John moaned and shifted and took him deeper.
“Okay,” John said, having caught his breath. He kept a hand on the wall as he and Sherlock hobbled their way up the seventh step, John cursing all the way. The landing was growing nearer. Sherlock figured that, at this pace, they would reach it when he was seventy.
, John,” Sherlock called over his shoulder. “The storm was far too severe for any boat to safely make it to the island in one piece. Not even a seasoned sailor would have risked such a voyage. Which
Sherlock was turning into a ball of excited nerves. He tapped on the steering wheel and drove much faster than John would have liked. “We’ll find her here, John,” he said. “I can feel it.”
John—the other John, the one who wasn’t in Sherlock’s head, the one who didn’t know they shagged and was happily married with a child on the way—was really here. Sherlock would have to suffer on with both a brain and a body for a bit longer, it would seem. His ears were telling him that John was fussing with another junkie in the establishment—poking and prodding at him, helping him sit upright. He seemed to know the fellow, had come to get him. John didn’t know Sherlock was here, then. Well. That was about to change.
John turned the mobile in his hand, doing his best to balance Rosie and the bottle as he saw Sherlock’s text illuminate the screen. He tried not to look overjoyed. Mary turned and walked back towards the bedroom. John heard the door close behind her with perhaps a little more force than was needed.
“I’d say so,” he said, focusing very intently on the way his keys were sprawled across the table. He found that he hated those keys, every single one of them.
In the olden days, John thought, when the presumed dead were buried alive on the regular, they were buried with bells. Little tinny things with strings that spanned down into the coffins, wrapped around the cold hands of the deceased. When the dead came alive, they rang the bells and the grave-keeper would come to their rescue.
You’re moving before you can even think, pushing your trousers down your thighs, turning yourself around, bracing against the wall with a forearm.
Sherlock ran his fingers through the sweat that beaded on John’s temples. John had been rather delightful when he came as well, flushed and thrashing and panting nonsense into Sherlock’s mouth—profanity and praise and encouragement and, towards the end, desperate sounds, wordless and shuddering. “Is that so?” Sherlock asked. He touched his finger to his tongue, tasting the sharp salt of John’s sweat.
who don’t know a single thing about you. You keep a blog filled to the brim with all your little thoughts and perceptions of me without ever once sharing any of them with me out loud. You pledged your life to a woman with no intentions of actually giving it to her. You speak of the merits of love and yet you have absolutely no idea how to engage in it.
“I can’t ask it of you,” John said. “You protecting Mary. You keeping the lot of us safe. It’s too much. It’s too much for me to ask.”
The man stepped slightly to the side, gesturing towards John with a hand. “You can see him just fine,” he said.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock said, and he sounded frustrated by the lack of attempts made on their lives. “Perhaps he doesn’t see us as a threat. Perhaps he doesn’t want to kill us, so long as he can help it. Perhaps he’s just after the sheep.” He slowed a bit, thinking. John’s legs were happy for the reprieve. “The Taibhses would have had us killed straightaway,” he said. “Why aren’t we dead?”
in this particular corner of Sherlock’s mind, the 1895 corner. He wore a ridiculous moustache and bowler hat and looked at Sherlock with concern.
“Mmm,” Sherlock said, turning back towards the sheep and steepling his fingers under his chin. “So it would appear our sheep friend met his fate sometime last night, after the two of you left the island. Whoever our werewolf is, he has eyes on the island. He knows when people arrive and depart.”
“You saw our little message, I’m sure,” the man was saying. “So you know what we’ll do to him if you call the police. Just imagine what we’ll do to him if you don’t give us the flash drive.”
“Ah,” John said, unsure of exactly what else to say because Claire had a tremendous point. It had always felt like he and Sherlock fit together, right from the very start. There was something in each other that the other needed, some piece missing in each other that the other filled. John wasn’t sure what specifically it was, but—whatever it was—it
“Yes, mummy,” Sherlock called, tossing his mobile back on the nightstand. He tugged at a corner of the sheet and began to clean the both of them off.
“Have you ever caught a werewolf before?” asked Conor. He stared up at Sherlock with unapologetic admiration, a look that John recognized from some of the earliest photographs taken of himself and Sherlock.
In truth, it wasn’t that many people—no more than thirty—but it was the largest number of people John had seen in nine days, and he was surprised to find it a touch overwhelming. All walks of life arrived on the island—young travelers in trendy clothing posing for photographs at every opportunity, older explorers with their sensible all-weather jackets and walking sticks, a family or two from somewhere in Asia, clutching at guidebooks and gesturing excitedly at the sheep. They all assembled near the café, hoping to rest and purchase nibbles after the rough boat ride to the island. Even the donkeys ambled over to the little building, hoping for a snack or two from an unsuspecting tourist. Fitz was also keeping close by, enjoying the adoration and bits of scones being showered upon him by nearly the entirety of the tour. There was more noise on the island than there had been all week.
“So…” John thought about the previous day, the two of them milling about in the cottage, poring over Declan’s journal, talking at the kitchen table during the storm, slipping into bed together in the darkness, unawares that a sheep-murderer was lurking about. “Why didn’t he try to kill us? Like he did Declan?”
Wherever he was, John had a feeling that Hugh would be overjoyed. John tossed some logs into the fireplace while Sherlock settled onto the sofa and tapped away at his mobile.
A downside to heading north in Finland—aside from the cold, even in the spring—was the nighttime, or rather, the lack thereof. The place seemed to be drenched in constant sunlight, and even the night was bright, the sun just barely dipping below the horizon, leaving the city in the glow of dusk until the sun rose again just a few short hours later. John supposed he would find it lovely if he wasn’t so bloody exhausted.
“I’ve always enjoyed your company as well,” John said. His voice sounded quiet, practically inaudible over the wind and the waves.
“Why would somebody murder the caretaker,” John asked, “and then go to all the trouble of killing a bunch of sheep after, one by one?”
The room was silent for what felt like hours. John could barely even hear the wind outside, gentle against the side of the cottage. He felt as if he were about to stop breathing himself. Finally, Sherlock swallowed. “It doesn’t matter,” he said.
“I was gathering information,” he says. He’s still looking directly ahead of himself, his eyes sharp.
“Exactly,” Sherlock said, covering up the speaker on his mobile with a hand. “So you should excel at this.” He returned to his conversation. “Your website says that the kitchen comes stocked with an assortment of teas,” he said. “Is Earl Grey included? My boyfriend
He scanned the area once more for Sherlock before forcing himself back inside. He had a wife to get back to now, after all.
Sherlock blinked. He blinked again. His mouth was still hanging open slightly. He appeared to be speechless, which John figured was a first.
“Can’t hide out forever, I suppose,” John said. He shuffled through the boxes, doing his best to start putting food into cupboards. Sherlock, it seemed, had gotten them a random smattering of food items that seemed wholly unrelated to each other. Dry lentils. Rhubarb jam. A bag of apples. John had a feeling that the next few dinners were going to be strange.
Sherlock’s footsteps paused just at the landing. He didn’t move any further. John pictured him standing just at the entrance to the sitting room, surveying the scene. Deducing. Nothing was amiss downstairs, but leave it to Sherlock to be able to detect danger from nothing. He heard a squeak in the floorboards, a light shift in weight. Sherlock turning, glancing up the stairs.
John and Gilly got on fairly well. She was attractive, certainly—with dark hair and moon-shaped eyes, she had a charm to her that seemed effortless. She was a few years younger than John and seemed to possess a youthful energy that John was really only able to scrounge up when working a case with Sherlock. It was refreshing, he told himself. Not exhausting. Her work as a travel agent earned her discounted trips and she was fairly well-traveled, often darting away on trips and returning with plenty of stories. She always had plenty of stories; she loved to talk more than even Sherlock did at times. And Mrs. Hudson was wrong about her laugh. It was endearing. It was.
John made a whimpering noise and his head rolled again. His sleeping face looked near tears, narrowed and twitching. Sherlock knew he shouldn’t move, knew he shouldn’t slip over to John or attempt to comfort him. He did anyway. He knelt next to John, in the space that separated their beds, watching John’s body twist and contort, his chest heave. He placed a hand in the center of John’s chest, feeling the furious pound of his heart through the thin fabric of his vest. Another moan escaped John’s lips and his arms jerked.
“This is perfect,” Sherlock said, looking around at the nothing that surrounded them. “We could be murdered in the middle of the day out here and we wouldn’t be found for weeks.”
Mary had yet to return to London. Neither Sherlock nor John were particularly surprised. They received two parcels from her in the past six months—care packages for Rosie. Despite the tortuous route through which Mary arranged to have the parcels shipped, Sherlock was able to determine where she was fairly easily. Norway for the first package, Iceland for the second. She appeared to be moving farther away than closer.
John shook his head. “A sheep,” he said. “I’m talking to a sheep.” He stood. Time for a shower. And he definitely,
remember and John was in front of him, smiling at him with eyes hung heavy with alcohol and then their mouths were on each other’s and their bodies were pressed together and Sherlock could feel John’s erection against his own and he was lifting John up and tugging down his trousers and—
His smile reminds you of the way an old history teacher used to smile when you got an answer correct in class. “Fine,” he says. “I’m not.”
John shook his head. He was slightly sore, but he couldn’t feel any sharp pains or broken bones. Sherlock had a few scratches on his face, but seemed relatively intact as well. His hair and coat were dusty and white, covered in debris.
John’s head tilted back against the brick wall of the alley. He looked up at Sherlock through half-closed eyes, little smile still stretched across his parted lips. “What do you think?” he asked, his voice a challenge. “You’re the world’s only consulting detective. Make a deduction.”
John eased himself out of bed, scanning the room for his clothes. He couldn’t find his pants for the life of him, and his vest was a soiled mess. He opted to simply tug his trousers on, flies undone, and carry his jumper with him to his bedroom. He would change in his bedroom and clean up a bit after he had made the phone call he knew was desperately needed.
Mary lifted the gun, pointing it at John’s chest. “Love,” she said. John stopped, wavering in front of the gun. “Honor. Cherish.” Mary released the safety with a click. “Obey.”
John felt as though he might’ve been the brightest thing glowing in all of London at the moment. He outshone the bloody stars.
John sat up. Sherlock had cleaned up a bit in the loo, and his hair looked perfect despite having just gotten out of bed. He wore his pyjamas and the blue dressing gown he brought from Baker Street and even still was a commanding presence in front of John, standing tall with his eyes snapping.
, how he wanted it. He wanted Sherlock inside him, filling him up, shoving him down into the mattress over and over and over. He needed it, an ache that seemed to come from deep within him that he had never quite felt before.
When John was growing up, there was a stray cat in his neighborhood who used to hiss and spit at everyone who walked by, John included. It was a big, mangy thing and John figured it never had a home, never had any proper human interaction. John found himself oddly drawn to it; there was something lovely about it, even in all its standoffishness. John did his best to befriend it, even tried feeding it bits of food, but it never really took. After months of trying, the most progress he made was the cat no longer arching and hissing whenever he got near. It always skittered away when he got too close, and he was never once able to pet the thing. He figured it was the best he could get with the cat, and felt oddly proud that he’d managed to even get that far. He assumed the cat was just feral and unfriendly. It wouldn’t ever belong to anyone.
“I...” John started at Sherlock’s sudden comment. He had to stretch his memory back to even comprehend what Sherlock was talking about. “No,” he said. “No I don’t.”
When John first drifted back into consciousness, it didn’t seem strange at all that someone else’s arms were around him. In fact, it felt nice. A set of arms were wrapped tightly around his back, holding him close, and he was tucked against someone’s chest, his nose buried in the warm-smelling collarbone of his bed-partner. He could feel a body breathing against him, the slow rise-and-fall of a chest pushing against his. His arms were around his bed-partner too, he slowly realized, tucked underneath their arms, clinging tightly to their back.
John heard vague shouting noises—Sherlock abusing passers-by in a crowd, no doubt. “What way was he heading?” Sherlock asked. “On the boat?”
Sherlock redirected his attention back to his mobile, tapping at the screen to see if his contact texted in the few seconds he looked away. His contact, of course, had not. Sherlock tightened his fingers around his mobile. He hated being stagnant. If he was stagnant for much longer, he would be a puddle on the floor in no time. The winter would get him.
This was the way of it when there wasn’t a case on and hadn’t been for eons and the mental stagnation that crashed into the flat was a cataclysmic event resulting in mass extinction. Everything reverted back to nothing. Organisms couldn’t adapt after the apocalypse. The planet was no longer life-sustaining. These things just sort of happened. John understood, or at least he tried to.
Still, it was refreshing for John to see Sherlock like this, disemboweled sheep and all. This was when Sherlock was at his best—alive and eager and vibrating with energy. He was like a whirlpool of potential, and he inevitably sucked John in with him. It reminded him most of what Sherlock was like at the start—before his fall, before his resurrection, before John’s marriage. These days, Sherlock’s moods tended to veer a bit more towards the sullen and tempestuous, and John felt as if he got to glimpse the vibrant, excitable Sherlock less and less as of late. It made him ache in a way he tried not to understand.
“Jesus,” John said. He slipped out of bed to close the door. He certainly didn’t want Sherlock overhearing this conversation. “That is most definitely not true. Sherlock means…”
more interesting if there is a crime involved, though. It adds a sort of urgency to the matter. Life can get so dull, don’t you agree?”
“I did,” John said. His voice sounded funny, far too quiet amidst the vast expanding nothingness. “I do. I would.”
Sherlock rolled to his side, keeping his arm hooked around John’s waist. John had his hand on Sherlock’s face, tracing along his cheekbones. He had that look to him again, like he was looking upon something precious, irreplaceable. Something whose loss would ruin him.
He pulls back, traces his fingers along the side of your face. His eyes glimmer in the dim light. “I observe,” he says.
Sherlock wove their car between three motorbikes in quick succession and John was too terrified to look behind them to check if everyone was still alive. “There are ways of faking kisses,” Sherlock said. “Utilizing a well-placed hand to hide mouths from view. Placing a thumb over a partner’s mouth and kissing the thumb instead. Pressing a closed-lipped mouth to another’s lips, cheek, neck, and pantomiming the act of a kiss without actually kissing.” Sherlock whipped their car around a semi-truck and John saw his life flash before his eyes. “Methods that imitate intimacy without actually being intimate.”
By now, John had about half of the floor repaired. It was an intensive task, and he had worked up quite a sweat. Fitz nosed his way into the room and sat just in the doorway, eying John with curiosity. John nodded in greeting, tugging off his jumper and tossing it to the side. Fitz took this as an invitation to curl up atop the jumper and have a little kip.
They drove for a while longer, until the sun had long since dipped past the horizon and even Sherlock started to look bleary. John made him stop and the two found questionable-looking accommodations for the night.
Given that John had not managed to master a convincing Irish accent in the five minutes the two spent hurriedly washing the crusted dirt and grass particles off themselves before the tour arrived, it was decided that Sherlock would be the one to interact with the tourists, guiding them around the ruins and giving them the history of the island. John would be the one to man the café, sell the tourists tea and scones, and do his best to speak as little as possible. Most importantly, John was to keep his eye on the storage closet.
A sadness flickered in Sherlock’s eyes. His arm twitched, and for a moment John thought Sherlock might reach out to him, might wrap an arm around him, might draw him close, might pull their mouths together once more. He didn’t. Instead, he pressed his lips into a line and nodded. Rolled over.
Outside of the café, tourists were starting to make their way back down the hill, heading for the harbor to board the boat and return to the mainland. The tourists all looked a bit knackered, the island full of hills having done most of them in. Darren waved a brief goodbye at John as he went to tend to some of the tourists, doing a count and making sure that everyone was accounted for as they ambled their way down the hill. Fitz followed. The café, for the first time in hours, was empty.
“You’re all right,” John said again, and when he inhaled once more he could feel Sherlock start to loosen a bit, his breathing start to even out. He slipped his fingers in between Sherlock’s, and Sherlock grabbed at them, squeezing at him so hard John was worried they might snap into pieces.
, Sherlock. If I hadn’t been there to grab you…” His voice choked off. He didn’t even want to think of what would happen if he hadn’t been there, let alone speak the words out loud.
Sherlock made a groaning noise that may or may not have resembled that of a small child, but he lifted his hand all the same. His eyes remained pressed closed, however. The light would not get in.
John’s legs weren’t fully cooperating with his brain. He blinked a bit, swaying as he tried to get his body to move to follow Sherlock. Claire was grinning at him from the back of boat where she was seated, a knowing look in her eye.
John pushed himself up into sitting. “How do you do that?” he breathed. He felt as if each inconvenient little thing he felt was written on his face in permanent ink.
John stepped forward, his fingers tightening along Sherlock’s waist. “Don’t worry about me,” he said. “I’ll be fine.”
you had me think that. You had me think I watched you die without saving you. And I know it wasn’t real, and I know you weren’t really dead, but I still
“Ah!” Sherlock shoved a drawer he had taken completely out of the cupboards into John’s hands and raised a pencil above his head in triumph. He slammed the journal onto the table and hunched over it, madly flipping through the pages.
Sherlock shifted under his blankets. The very top of his head poked out from the pile—two eyes nearly hidden by a flurry of curls. “You’re always welcome here, John,” he said.
They drove for a while longer. The road was flat and long and seemed to point in the same direction forever. There wasn’t much to look at—just a few other cars and a line of thick trees, deep green, lining the road. Low clouds covered the entirety of the sky, giving the day a dreary feel. John wondered if his face might stop feeling so hot anytime soon.
“I doubt they would be pleased with the knowledge that one-point-two million in stolen euros is hidden away in their café,” Sherlock said, “just begging to be taken by force by the Taibhse Brothers.” He hammered away at the floor.
“Oh,” John said. “It’s…” But he didn’t quite know how to finish that sentence. It wasn’t all right, and it was certainly more than a bit not good, but it
John grabbed the hand stroking at his face, stilling Sherlock’s fingers. “No,” he said, but it wasn’t disbelief anymore. It was a command.
“You might be interested to know,” the man said, something like hate dripping from his voice, “that I am an excellent shot. Good enough to put a bullet between your friend’s eyes from a distance, if I want. Good enough to put a bullet somewhere else on him, if I want. Somewhere that might take him down but not kill him straightaway. Maybe a nice gut shot. Or maybe the shoulder, like you did my mate. Somewhere that’d hurt him but would keep him alive a while longer. Plenty long enough to make him wish we’d killed him straightaway.” He leaned forward, pressing his foot harder into John’s chest. John grunted, a hot mix of pain and panic shooting through him. “How I choose to kill your friend,” the man whispered, “depends entirely on my mood. And my mood depends entirely on your behavior.” His foot ground into John’s chest, hard enough that John wondered if he meant to crack ribs. “Understood?”
“Was there something to worry about in Serbia?” John asked. He wasn’t sure if his voice could be heard over the rain.
He makes a little humming noise. “This is much more interesting.” He sets off through the square, dodging tourists with ease, his coat fluttering behind him.
John shook at his head, reorienting himself to the sudden shift in his focus. “Thanks,” John said. “But you weren’t married to me.”
Sherlock didn’t need to eat. He absorbed nutrients from the surrounding environment. It was convenient. It didn’t provide him with much energy, but it didn’t require much energy either. He saw it as a win-win.
John’s fingers pistoned in and out of his arse. His hand pumped over his cock. He wasn’t being quiet anymore, not by a long shot. He ought to care. He didn’t care. He needed this—Christ, how he needed this. He couldn’t get the angle of his fingers quite right. It wasn’t quite right, still wasn’t enough, still wasn’t Sherlock. He made a frustrated noise, shoving his fingers into himself harder, faster. He couldn’t hold himself upright anymore and collapsed against the sink, his chest pressed against the counter, face plastered to the cool tile, arse jutting into the air. He pictured Sherlock’s hands on him, running along the slick sweat of his back, scratching at him, grasping at his shoulders as he pounded into John harder, faster, more.
Sherlock considered screaming into a pillow, but he still had a bit of a dull headache and decided not to risk it.
“Yes,” John said. “Yes. Sherlock. I’m all right, I’m—” But before John could finish his sentence, Sherlock threw his arms around him, pulling John tight against his body. He could feel John’s heart hammering against his own chest, could feel his ribs heaving as his lungs sucked in air. John was warm and sturdy and alive in front of him and Sherlock had no intentions of letting him go.
John heard the rustling of the blankets, felt the mattress shift and squeak as Sherlock rolled over, moving onto his back to consider him. John tilted his head to the side and met Sherlock’s gaze. There might have been a reason, John realized, that Sherlock remained facing away from him through all this. Sherlock looked wrecked, his lips dented from his teeth, his eyes pink, swollen. The knife that had sliced John open was back, gouging into his wounds. Everything was red and wet.
Sherlock had asked, scrolling angrily through several posts filled with memorial photos of one of the most recent victims.
“That type of drone can only carry a payload of just one stone six,” Sherlock says. “It has to make several trips to carry the whole of the money.” He looks up to the ceiling, where the drone is making its way to the missing ceiling tile. “It’ll go back and forth like this. Carrying money. Ostensibly to be collected by…” he smiles, a bright thing, “a person.” With that, he springs to life, darting through the lobby and towards the back door.
John ran his fingers over Sherlock’s face, stroked at the corners of his lips, his jaw, his cheekbones. “Sherlock.”
it was dangerous. It was Sherlock, the man who stood in front of him with a gun and a wild look in his eyes, an itching to cause physical harm to someone written across his every feature. The man who told John over and over again that John didn’t want him, who expected John to leave, who
John allowed himself to step forward slightly, touching at the lapels of Sherlock’s coat with his fingers. “I’m fine, Sherlock.”
Sherlock descended the stairs with an arm full of files, the kind in which he carried case materials. He glanced at the candles but didn’t comment on them. In the dim light, his pale skin seemed bronzed, the flames cutting shadows into the sharp lines of his face. His eyes looked nearly black. He had taken off his coat and suit jacket, wearing only his trousers and button-up. His sleeves were rolled to his elbows and the top button on his shirt had come open, revealing a sliver of pale chest. Even slightly rumpled from the day’s travels, Sherlock still managed to look like some impossible thing, the romantic lead in a movie John would have rolled his eyes at on the screen yet was exponentially more alluring when standing within arm’s reach. John became aware that his breathing had picked up.
“That’s right,” Claire said. “He got on well enough with the guests. He was friendly, personable. We didn’t have any complaints there. But I got the sense with him that he kept his personal business personal. He never had much to say about himself.”
John screamed against the tape. He kicked his legs out, his feet colliding with the side of the boat. He twisted to his side, trying to right himself. The shorter man’s foot came down heavy on his chest, pinning him to the ground.
Sherlock shifted in bed, rolling closer to John. John stole a glance at the man next to him. His face was peaceful, and for once he didn’t seem like he had thousands of thoughts whirring away in his head, keeping him five steps ahead of John at all times. His hair was a bit mussed from sleep, poking out in all directions and falling over his forehead. John was glad for his hands tucked behind his head—he was feeling an inexplicably strong urge to brush Sherlock’s hair away from his face at the moment.
John felt his mouth fall open. He shook his head, ever so slightly. Sherlock turned, preparing to storm away, but John caught his arm, holding him still. When Sherlock met his eyes, they were wide and hurt and near-overflowing, and John was well and done pretending that he didn’t want this too.
.” Sherlock’s voice cracked across the speakers. John could see what was left of Sherlock’s cool mask fall away, panic coloring his features in screaming greens and yellows.
“Pity,” Sherlock said, for a moment looking genuinely disappointed that he was not to climb around cliff-faces in the dark. He recovered quickly. “Well. There are other ways we can be useful.” With that, he turned and headed for the café, leaving John to guess what his next step might be.
“He was just so clearly happy to see you,” she said, wide smile planted across her face. “Really, John—he planned that whole scene at the restaurant, dressing up as that ridiculous waiter, just to tell you he was back in London.”
Mary’s name in Finland was Sofia Mäkinen. John could see her as a Sofia. He could see her as a Laima too, or a Lena. The name Mary was growing blurry.
“You lads be in touch if you need anything,” she said. “Or if you find anything out. You’ve got enough food to last you the rest of the week, but if things take any longer than that you’ll need to make another trip to the mainland to get stocked up on supplies. Give us a call if you need to get back any sooner.”
The sun that had only recently decided it was time to peek over the horizon cast the faintest of lights through Sherlock’s bedroom window, giving the room a hazy shimmer that made everything look not quite real. There was a hint of golden-pink to the light, and when it landed on the walls, the furniture, the blankets, it changed the colors, making everything look new and different. For a moment, Sherlock was confused by the light, the way his bedroom at Baker Street looked identical and yet transported to another dimension where everything was just a touch more beautiful. He was still skimming the line of sleep, drifting lazily between consciousness and a soft slumber. Everything seemed a bit unreal.
“Sorry,” Sherlock said. He balled up the bloodied gauze and threw it at the bin as if it burned his skin, which it felt as though it had. “Sorry. Sorry.”
“That’s better,” Gilly said. She relieved some of the pressure on the knife at John’s throat but kept it close. “Now we can get on with things.”
“Ah,” John said. “She already had them.” Mary already had the false papers, was already in possession of everything she needed to create a new identity and flee the country. John wondered how long ago she obtained them. Perhaps she always had them, for the whole of their relationship. Prepared at all times to run.
. A few pages were dog-eared, but it didn’t look as if Declan had read much of it. John lifted a little notebook and flipped through the pages. Scrawling handwriting—Declan’s, John assumed—filled the book.
“A sheep’s been torn up,” Conor sniffed, wiping at his face with the back of his hand. “Just like the other ones.”
“I wasn’t,” Sherlock said. Rice. Greens. Meats. Neat piles. “The termination of the relationship got a bit nasty. It distracted me from the work. It was challenging not to slip into...bad habits. I decided it was best that I refrain from any romantic relationships on a more permanent basis. I wasn’t well-suited for them, and they hardly seemed worth the trouble.”
John knelt down beside Sherlock just as Sherlock pinched at the wool surrounding the laceration down the sheep’s middle, lifting and revealing the disturbed innards. A swarm of flies swept out and John felt his usually-iron constitution falter somewhat. He was suddenly glad for his lack of breakfast.
“No,” John said, “they’re not.” He gathered a bit of the curry on the spoon and lifted it up for Sherlock. “Taste this. I’m trying for the chicken dish at Old Delhi’s that you liked.”
“Approximately three-point-four seconds,” Sherlock said, his eyes still on the glowing screen. “I wouldn’t have thought it possible, but you are getting worse at selecting passwords.”
. Unfortunately, John’s nightmares were a problem Sherlock could not solve; they existed entirely within John’s head, a place Sherlock could never live no matter how hard he tried.
Mary popped her head into the loo. “Ten minutes,” she said. “I don’t want to be late. Best not put him off, now that he’s suddenly available.”
The ferry ride to the island Mary chose to hide out on was about thirty minutes, and Sherlock and John passed most of the time in silence. It was properly late now—nearly two in the morning—but still the night never came, the sky a dimly-lit blue. Clouds were rolling in from the west, bringing with them a biting wind that pushed against the water, making the ferry ride a bit choppier than desired. John felt bleary and disoriented, the adrenaline of finally finding Mary at war with his orgasm-slack muscles. His heavy eyes stared out the car window as the ferry moved them, looking at the bobbing waves without seeing them. The grey-blue water was close in color to the sky, giving everything a pale, somber look.
“Tie it off,” John breathed, gesturing at the general direction of his leg with a dumb finger. “Like the first one.”
Sherlock was staring at him, his face the closest thing to sincere that John had seen since they began this trip. “Are you sure you want this, John?”
You wake up to a chiming noise. His mobile going off. He’s sliding out of bed, slipping out of your arms and everything feels cold. The light has dimmed considerably in the room—it’s dark outside. The two of you must’ve slept for a while, then.
“Sleep,” Sherlock said, his arm pressed against John’s. “The sun will be up in a few hours anyway. And Darren will be here shortly after that. You’ll want to sleep.”
“It wouldn’t have changed anything,” Sherlock said. “For anyone. There was no point in telling you.”
Sherlock looked up at John with an expression that was usually reserved for instances where John was unable to see a clue that Sherlock found to be the most obvious thing in the world. John was not a particular fan of that expression.
John had cried plenty of times since Sherlock died. He cried at Sherlock’s gravesite and he cried when he moved out of Baker Street and into his bloody awful flat and he cried the first time he saw Lestrade talking on the telly about some case or other that Sherlock would have solved in three seconds and he once even cried after some bloke passed him on the street who wore the same aftershave as Sherlock but he never, not once, cried like this—like his body was trying to turn itself inside out at the middle. He collapsed in on himself, holding his shaking face in his shaking hands, and damn near wailed, hating Sherlock for being dead and hating himself for being an idiot and hating the very concept of miracles for causing him to be so stupid as to think he had reason to hope.
John wished that he hadn’t needed to grow so adept at bandaging Sherlock up over the years. He wished that he hadn’t seen the necessity of assembling a veritable surgery underneath their bathroom sink, stock-piling bandages and gauze and latex gloves and suture thread and even a small scalpel as if they were about to turn their flat into a small hospital. He wished that he and Sherlock hadn’t turned the process into a well-choreographed dance at this point, Sherlock heading for the bathroom and peeling his shirt off himself before John could even give him instruction.
of you, if this is how you choose to treat our supposed friendship? You might as well offer yourself up to the bloody werewolf—you’d be just as useful to me.”
John didn’t exactly consider himself to be an expert on sheep corpses, but he could tell enough of a story from the coagulated blood, condition of the body, and number of flies. “It didn’t happen since we’ve been here,” John said. “I wouldn’t say it happened in the past few hours, either. Maybe yesterday sometime?”
“You’d miss the work too much, I suppose,” John said. “Excluding the mess that brought us here, I can’t imagine there are too many murders on this island.”
Hugh cleared his throat. He nudged Birdy. “We’d best be going,” he said. “Let these two gents finish their meal.”
“Sherlock,” John laughed, taking Sherlock’s face into his hands. “I’m fine.” He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips, soft and lingering. He felt Sherlock relax against him. Sherlock touched his hands to John’s arms, the contact tentative.
John slowly grew aware that Sherlock’s hands were on him, moving softly along his chest, his arms, his stomach. It was a careful touch, the way John had seen Sherlock run his hands along a bit of evidence, the floor of a room in which he was certain there was a trap door, a bit of fabric with deductions hidden in the weaving.
“All right,” Sherlock said. “All right. Just…” his voice shook, a rough sound over the speaker, “don’t hurt him.”
“Try again,” Sherlock said. “This time, speak from the front of your mouth. Speak like you’re trying to kiss me.”
With Sherlock so convinced that they would find Mary in Oulu, John thought that he ought to figure out what the hell he was going to say to her. Despite rehearsing it with Sherlock on the way to Daugavpils, the words still felt foreign to him—somebody else’s argument.
“Do I remember?” the John from Sherlock's Mind Palace asked, jerking his head to the side, gesturing at someone absent. “The other me?”
“Because back at my flat, sleeping peacefully in her cot,” John shouted, shirt waving in his hand, “is a little girl who deserves to grow up with two parents. Who deserves a father who isn’t a lying, cheating scumbag who broke her family apart.”
His lips are curled into that little smile again. “Everything about you gives it away,” he says. “The way you walk. The way you carry yourself. The way you remain vigilant, scanning each scene for things out of the ordinary, potential dangers. The way you guard yourself. Shields up.” He shifts forward, moving ever so slightly closer. “The way you
“There wasn’t enough room in the kitchen,” Sherlock said. “I’m testing the speed of skin dissolution in various mixtures of acid. There is a wide spectrum to assess.”
The two lifted their respective ends of the sheep, heaving the tarp into the wheelbarrow. Flies flitted out of the tarp at the ends. John inwardly cursed Sherlock for not being around for this particular chore.
“No,” John said, barely able to speak through the grin spreading across his face. “That is, I’d hoped, but…” He rubbed at Sherlock’s arm. “I’m aware of it now.”
You run your thumb over the little marks. They’re old, you can tell. Healed over as much as they’ll get. “You’re sober now,” you say. “That, or you’ve just found a more covert space to inject. Between the toes, perhaps. But I don’t think so.”
As if reading his mind, a car appeared at the end of the drive, pulling slowly, almost reluctantly, up to the cottage. John could spy Sherlock behind the wheel, his face blank. John’s fingers went numb on the wine bottle and he nearly dropped the damn thing.
“I…” John swallowed, regrouped. Tried to sort himself. A little voice was screaming in his head, and it sounded suspiciously like his own. “Tonight?” he asked. “That was…you? The song? The…” he shook his head, “everything?”
“Right,” John said, feeling like he might be able to handle the whole of this after all. “Right. Okay.”
“No,” Sherlock said. “From the books next to his bed. Aspirational—books he has been told he ought to read but never quite found a chance. He still didn’t find a chance once on the island either, couldn’t make it through more than a few pages of each. Still, he held out hope for a future in which he might succeed. A bit of a dreamer, our caretaker.”
He saw a smile flicker across Sherlock’s mouth, but Sherlock’s eyes remained focused, scanning John’s body as if gathering data was of the utmost importance, like a man’s life hung in the balance. The candles were still glowing and the room was warm. The fire popped. Outside, the rain had picked up, pelting against the roof in hissing sheets. The wind rattled against the windows. John thought he could hear thunder in the distance. Something told him that he wouldn’t be hurled back to Afghanistan tonight—he had a feeling he would remain rooted right where he was.
Sherlock to touch him—but Sherlock touched himself, running his fingers over his spent cock, slicking them in saliva and remnants of his own come. He twisted his hand around, pressing the pad of a slick finger upwards, tracing little circles around John’s hole.
Sherlock glanced down at John’s hand once more, shaking lightly as it held his weight on the mattress. He lifted himself onto an elbow, his head complaining at the movement, and reached out for John’s hand. John shifted, allowing Sherlock to slip his palm underneath his and bring his hand closer for inspection. Indeed, John’s knuckles were red and torn, traces of blood still visible in the cracks of skin.
“You’re bothered by it,” Mary said, “because you aren’t happy with the answer. So I won’t upset you by being another one of those people who asks if you and Sherlock were ever an item. But I would like you to be honest with me about whether you ever
John pulled off him briefly. His panted breath was hot against the slick saliva that coated Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock felt himself whine.
The sky above Sherlock’s head was an angry gray. Night was falling fast, and the clouds blotted out any traces of stars that might have shown in the sky, making the infinity hard to fathom for the moment. The wind smelled of rain, of wet, and it wouldn’t be long before the sky opened to them, pelting them with water from all angles. Still, there was a universe just beyond the clouds, John knew, a universe of which they were still decidedly the center. At the moment, however, John couldn’t see any of it because Sherlock’s face was still hovering above him, looking down on him with a broken panic screaming across his features. John loved him with an intensity that could have outshone any star so bold enough as to be visible.
This just sort of happened from time to time. John started it as a therapeutic technique that Ella suggested, picturing Sherlock sitting right in front of him so he could say all the things that he’d wanted to say to him in life but never got the chance. It had taken a while for John to get the hang of it, but as it turned out he had quite a bit he’d wanted to say to Sherlock. He said it all and then some, but it didn’t exactly make him feel any better, and at the end of the exercise it turned out that Sherlock was a bit reluctant to leave. So Sherlock came and went, just as he did when he was alive, popping into John’s consciousness whenever he pleased and in complete disregard for convenience.
“I’m clean,” you think to say, and it’s long past the point of relevance seeing as he’s already had your cock in his mouth, but you say it anyway.
John felt Sherlock’s knuckles brush against his under the sheets. “I believe it means,” Sherlock said, “that the two of us work very well together.”
John nodded again. Sherlock could feel his breath against his lips, shaking. Another rock broke free and tumbled away from the cliff face, a larger one this time.
dying, John?” His piercing eyes met John’s once more, as if he expected John to have an answer. It felt as if their faces were millimeters apart. “Why is someone killing the
“Quite alright?” he whispered. His voice was low, almost a growl, and John could feel Sherlock’s breath on his ear.
“Indeed,” Sherlock said. “John can certainly hold his own.” Still, John caught Sherlock’s gaze lingering on him a moment longer than strictly necessary.
“Just resting,” Sherlock said, fighting to keep his eyes open as he tapped unproductively at his mobile. John pried the mobile from his hands and set it on the nightstand.
“Are you sure?” Gilly asked, her voice thick. “It wouldn’t surprise me, the way you two look at each other sometimes. I just want you to be honest with me.”
“Yeah,” John said, rubbing at his side. His blood was pounding in his ears. “Yeah. I’m fine. And the sheep…” he glanced behind him, scanning the field. The sheep all seemed to have survived the affair, although the energy in the field was a bit higher than usual, with the sheep all moving together in an anxious, bleating cluster. “The sheep are fine. He didn’t get the one he was after.”
John could hear Mrs. Hudson filling the electric kettle, fiddling with the teacups. “He causes such a ruckus up here,” she said. “Sometimes I think he does it just to bring me upstairs so he’ll have someone to talk to.”
John chuckled. “Leave it to you to have deduced that,” he said. “Yeah. A kid was being a prick, so I punched him in the mouth. Turns out, he had braces.” John wrinkled his nose. “Probably shouldn’t have punched him.”
“Yeah,” John said, “but I think I can bend the rules this once.” He gave a little wink, and Sherlock suddenly understood why others seemed to find winking so charming. Sherlock found himself smiling, completely outside of his control. He wondered if it was the concussion.
“Um,” John did his best to organize the map of the island in his mind. “East? Northeast, I think. Back towards the mainland.”
John could tell when Sherlock was about to come, could nearly have counted down the seconds. The whole of Sherlock's body tensed and twitched, every muscle rigid and shimmering with sweat, sliding against John as he moved. His cock swelled and purpled in John’s hand and John tightened his fingers against Sherlock’s, speeding up his strokes, urging Sherlock along. Sherlock’s head tipped back and his eyes sunk closed and his mouth opened and a wild, pained noise escaped him and then he was there, his body clenching and shuddering around John, hand pumping furiously, arcs of come soaking his stomach and seeping between his fingers, John’s fingers.
“Nothing,” Sherlock said, trying his hand once more at a smile. He seemed to do a bit better with this one. “Just making plans for Christmas.”
But Will had fallen silent. His face had gone white, his eyes bugging in his head. His hands stopped their shaking. The whole of him went still. He was staring at something, unblinking. Something just past John’s right shoulder, just at the doorway to the storage room. Will’s lips gave a little quiver. He looked very much as if he was seeing a ghost.
“And after,” Sherlock continued, “we kissed and it felt very much like… It felt as it did just now. John.” Sherlock moved forward. He needed John to look at him again. “It might’ve been of questionable ethics, given your upcoming marriage. And our timing was certainly poor. But it wasn’t simply a drunken shag, John. And
in killing his best friend for a moment—and was the reason that aforementioned best friend was currently in a secure holding facility, awaiting whatever sentence followed voluntary manslaughter. In exchange she was giving him...what? The freedom to let their daughter sleep in a slightly less pink room?
.” With that, Sherlock hung up his mobile and returned to himself, sitting upright in his chair, the expressiveness of his face slipping back to a blank slate.
“Mmmm,” Sherlock said, allowing a slight push of his body against John’s. “Very similar to what we did last night, then.” His hand swept down John’s arse, his fingers trailing along his cleft, dipping just a bit deeper. John was still slick with remnants of lubricant and Sherlock’s semen. John let out a soft breath at his touch.
In the dream, Sherlock wasn’t touching him, simply standing behind him with arms braced on either side, trapping him against the counter. Still, the very presence of Sherlock behind him, the hint of his body heat warming John’s back, was exhilarating in a way John couldn’t quite understand. John could feel himself starting to grow hard. He dug his fingernails into the wood of the counter. He considered that he ought to ask Sherlock what he wanted, or at the very least ask him to move. John remained silent.
John grinned. He slipped his jumper off his arm and Sherlock rid himself of his shirt. Sherlock used John’s vest to clean the mess of John’s chest and John kicked his shoes off, slipping his trousers down his legs. Soon, the both of them were naked. John nestled closer to Sherlock and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, warm skin pressed to skin.
John paused as he encountered Sherlock at his post against the wall. He nodded, as if Sherlock was exactly where John expected him to be.
“Are you the reason why John’s terrible great-aunt has miraculously decided that she is not coming?” Mary asked.
Sherlock pinched at John’s nipple through the fabric of his vest, rolling the skin between his fingers until it hardened. “You would have to try,” he said. “You would have to be in complete control of yourself.” His other hand started slipping down John’s chest, down his stomach.
“No,” Sherlock said. “It’s…” He grunted, seeming supremely frustrated that John didn’t have the ability to read his mind. “Everybody thinks that the dolphin feels a connection with the bloody fisherman. But he doesn’t. He doesn’t feel those sorts of things. It’s a call-and-response. Operant conditioning. He receives a reinforcement—a bit of fish—and he stays.”
“It does,” Sherlock said. “The universe is inconceivably large, constantly expanding. It has no beginning. No end. It is infinite, in the true sense of the word. And within it, our planet is so small as to be negligible.”
“Right,” John said. “Right.” Suddenly, breathing was a challenge. A real challenge. The slow-motion panic attack had finally kicked into high gear. “God,” he said, pushing himself away from the table, popping to his feet so quickly he nearly knocked everything over, including himself. “Right. I’d best be going, then.”
John thought. “Maybe,” he said. “But that’s not the point. In the problem, the host doesn’t pick at random. So it’s still a one-third to two-thirds chance.”
“Please,” John gasped, moving his hips back on Sherlock’s cock. “Now. Fuck me hard. Sherlock, please.”
of upsetting my boyfriend so,” he murmured. “Not when he promised to prove himself to me in front of the fire.”
he had said to John that night, the night Sherlock had a concussion and John ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair until he fell asleep. Sherlock had meant it—he never said anything he didn’t mean—but he hadn’t properly
clever,” Sherlock said, examining the bit of wood, his nose nearly pressed to the floor. “Using a bit of flooring so close to the door. The wood would seem perpetually disturbed, so many feet walking over it. Any traces of disturbance immediately erased.” He pulled a penknife from his pocket, slipping the blade between the boards and twisting in a crowbar motion. The board creaked and complained. He twisted again and the board started to give way.
Sherlock’s mouth was open again. His eyes looked deadly. John had absolutely no intention of shutting up.
“Even though he’s asked you to be his boyfriend,” Gilly said. Her nose was red and her eyes were still shimmering, but she seemed to be calming down a bit.
“You’re just doing this to prove a point,” you say, fingers moving in him, making him twitch. You’re surprised you’re still coherent enough to speak. “Because I said you need to be the one in control.”
The bartender asks you what you’ll be having as if you don’t order the same thing each time you come. He slides your pint across the bar and you take a long pull. There’s a relief to that sip, like your body is still convinced alcohol will solve everything. You’ve long since learned that alcohol solves nothing, but it hasn’t stopped you from plugging away at it all the same.
“Last question, I promise,” Sherlock smiled into his mobile. “What size is the bed? The website said queen-sized, but I wanted to confirm. My boyfriend is a
“I’ve talked her ‘round,” Sherlock repeated. “She’ll wear the dress. And she has agreed to cease all negative comments about it from this point forward.”
“I ought to have been honest with you,” John said. “And I ought to have been honest with myself. From the start. So. Yeah. I owe you an apology.” He turned back towards Sherlock. Sherlock was still seated on the pile of debris, forearms propped on his knees, but he was staring at John intently, gobsmacked. “But not nearly as big of an apology as I owe you, Sherlock.”
The stretch was greater when the second finger was added, but Sherlock kissed him through it, biting at his lips, whispering at him to breathe. John breathed and grabbed at Sherlock and the discomfort dissolved into something sweet as Sherlock set a slow rhythm, rocking his body against John’s in time with the movements of his hand. John could feel Sherlock’s erection drag along his hip, drops of precome wetting his skin. Sherlock twisted his fingers, scissoring them open, stroked at John’s prostate and John wondered if he might come from just this, just from Sherlock’s fingers working inside of him. He didn’t want to, not this time.
To call the little piece of rock designated as a place for boats to land on the Great Blasket Island a
Sherlock took a deep breath. He pushed the last few remaining bars of the bloody song into the back corners of his mind, along with the rest of his memories. They were useless to him in this version of reality. He sighed, lifted his dumbbell of a head, and rolled over. Time to be Sherlock Holmes.
John had a little chuckle at the thought of Sherlock Holmes being careful, and his stomach pointed out that it was now feeling ill for two reasons. “I’ll just see how he’s getting on back there,” John attempted to drawl, rising to his feet only to nearly be knocked over again as the boat shuddered over yet another wave. He stumbled his way towards the back of the boat, looking and feeling a bit drunk. Fitz trotted along beside him, staring up at him with what looked to be an amused expression, as if John was the funniest-behaving human on the whole of this ship.
“Articulate as always,” Sherlock said, but he also seemed to be a bit awed by the island, as much as Sherlock Holmes was awed by anything.
John ran his hands over his face. “I don’t know if you’re trying to tell me that I’m some bloody fisherman who thinks he’s mates with a dolphin,” he said, “or some bloody dolphin only pretending to be mates with a fisherman. But if you could—
“No,” John said, eyes darting from Mrs. Hudson to Sherlock, not sure to whom he most felt he needed to defend his relationship. “No. It’s just...not in the mood.” He smiled, in partial disbelief that he was explaining the rationale for a lack of shagging to his elderly landlady.
John turned and darted up the hill, his legs finally having grown acclimated enough to the steep inclines for him to move at a steady clip. He felt the gun bounce a bit in his waistband and held it steady with a hand. He stumbled once on a patch of wet grass, cursing and tripping up the hill, forcing his legs to keep moving despite his questionable balance. He was a good distance away from the café at this point, nothing between him and the white building but hill. However, even from this distance he could tell that the door was closed. John was certain that he had not closed the door. He cursed again and forced his legs to move faster.
“I’d lose control,” Sherlock said. John could feel Sherlock’s lips nudge against the nape of his neck as he spoke. “Of myself. I wouldn’t be able to stop.”
John looked around at the nothing that surrounded them. “Good place to go for seclusion,” he said. “Excluding the sheep, of course.”
“God yes,” Sherlock gasped, moving his fingers inside of John just right, just so. John cried out and Sherlock moved his hand faster, fucking John with his fingers while John bounced his hips against him, shaking and panting and saying Sherlock’s name in little broken gasps, one syllable at a time. Sherlock caught John’s mouth in his and John wrapped his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and sunk himself into Sherlock’s kiss and then there was nothing but this. No stag-do, no wedding, no invitations and seating charts and lilac dresses and extended family members and certainly no
And Sherlock remembered John too, the perfect press of his body around Sherlock’s cock, the tenor of his voice as he cried out, the way the world whittled away to nothing around them, as if the whole of the universe blinked out of being for a moment solely to let the two of them exist like this.
“I just want you to not be dead,” he said, more breath than words, to the space where Sherlock wasn’t, “so fucking badly.”
“It’s a physiological response,” Sherlock said. “Breathing slowly calms the body. Your brain sees that your body is calm and believes there is nothing to worry about. Most of the time, there isn’t.”
The flames caught on the larger logs and the fire crackled. John sat back, admiring his handiwork. “I wonder if admitting to that caused him internal bleeding,” he said.
When both plates were empty, Angelo returned to their table with his wide grin. “Was everything to your liking?” he asked. “Can I offer you two some dessert? We have a lovely chocolate torte tonight.”
John grasped Sherlock’s face, pulling Sherlock’s lips away from his neck and back to his mouth. What they were doing now was messy and uncoordinated and could only be called kissing in the loosest possible definition, sloppy movements full of breath and moans and tongues. Sherlock was thrusting against John, shoving his body harder against the wall with each grind of their hips, John’s breath leaving him with each harsh movement.
The larger man blinked. His head bobbed. His hands still clutched the gun, but it was starting to slip in his lap.
,” he was still cursing as he tugged his mobile from his pocket. He dialed Sherlock, watching the boat disappear in the distance.
Sherlock tugged John down on top of them and their lips met, open and wet and sweet and very decidedly
John turned his head. Sherlock could just see his eyes, wide and dark, glisten in the night. “Sherlock,” John said.
With that, she set off down the hill towards her boat. The dinghy carrying Darren, Conor, and Fitz had reached the ferry, and John could see the little crew hopping onto the larger boat to head back to their non-island home. In a few moments, the lot of them were gone, their boats growing smaller and smaller as they moved through the Sound.
“You said you weren’t enough,” Sherlock said. “You said you weren’t enough to keep me in London, but you’re wrong. You’re the reason for it all, John. Why I jumped. Why I fought. Why I stayed alive. Why I came back. You.”
John’s eyes dropped to his teacup once more. He cleared his throat. “After you died. I’d have dreams of you…” he waved a hand in the air, a body cascading from great heights, “falling. And me stuck on the pavement, watching.”
“So the other day,” you say, “you were trying to solve a puzzle about a person. By being dressed as a homeless man.”
“I have a theory that the killer is associated in some capacity with one of the rental companies,” Sherlock said. “It is difficult to tell, because each rental property is listed on multiple company websites, but I’ve narrowed the choices down to two and believe that this one—
“Possibly,” the man says. He stares at the closed door with a petulant look for another moment before turning back to you, a smile plastered across his face that is most certainly fake. “Well,” he says. “This has been fun.” With that, he turns on his heel and starts down the street, moving away from you. You can’t help but feel like you’ve been dismissed from duty, and you have no bloody clue what your shift entailed.
much narrower than expected. John had a feeling that there might actually be some cuddling in their future, planned or not. A part of John’s body perked up at the thought, which did not exactly make anything easier for John at the moment.
“For Captain John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers?” Sherlock said. “You ought to be holding doors open for
This. This was the part that Sherlock needed, the part where John rested, where he started healing. Sherlock tucked a pillow underneath John’s knee, made sure his leg was stable. He pulled a sheet over John, light enough so as not to disturb his leg but heavy enough to keep him warm throughout the night. He brought John a glass of water, propping him up as he drank. John nodded and gasped, a gesture that seemed like
“You’ve seen men die before,” Sherlock said, brow furrowed. “In Afghanistan. And you’re a doctor. You see people die all the time, and certainly in much ghastlier ways than I did.”
It was cold at Sherlock’s grave, bitingly so. John zipped his jacket up to his chin and shoved his hand in his pocket. His other hand gripped Mary’s as she stood next to him, shivering. He faced the cold slab of granite that he hadn’t seen in nearly two years. He had absolutely nothing to say to it. Nothing he could say out loud, anyway.
Sometimes John liked to remind him that he ought to be taking a few short walks every day to promote healing, but he skipped that portion of his lecture at the moment. Instead, he guided Sherlock into the kitchen and sat him down at the table, brushing aside remnants of chemistry equipment that had grown abysmally dusty in their neglect over the past few months.
“Oh?” Sherlock said, smiling lightly against the warmth of John’s body. “Good or bad?” It didn’t happen as frequently anymore, but John still had nightmares on occasion, the ones where Sherlock fell, the ones where he was shot, the ones where he was taken from John. On those nights, Sherlock would wake to John wrapping himself around Sherlock, clutching at him with shaking arms. Sherlock would whisper to him, kiss at his forehead, pull him into his chest and hold him close until John’s breathing was slow and his heartbeat matched Sherlock’s.
John chuckled and Mary’s smile widened. Yes, John liked Mary’s smile. Mary’s smile, it seemed, made John smile. In the time since Sherlock died, Mary had been the one thing to actually make John smile. He was even happy sometimes, which was utterly astounding. His reputation as the grumpy doctor at the surgery was starting to suffer. It was likely, he thought, that he could love Mary’s smile. He wondered if he already did.
as if you were smiling,” Sherlock said. “There’s a difference. No matter. Rs might be a lost cause. Try not to use any Rs while you’re speaking today.”
“Mmm,” Mary said. “I’m not sure we need to be a threesome for the meeting with the officiant. He’ll probably be wanting to know about just us. Our relationship. Our plans for the future. Things like that.”
Sherlock remained nowhere to be seen for the remainder of the day, off exploring the island or diving off cliffs or whatever the hell he was doing. John had another shower, more to wash the idea of dead sheep off him than anything. He had certainly been covered in gore before—war had a lovely way of providing that experience—but he couldn’t say he particularly enjoyed it, especially when the gore had been sitting around in a wet field for much of the day. He thought about having a late lunch, but the combination of the photographs of mutilated sheep on the cottage walls and the images of mutilated sheep in his very recent memory made him decide otherwise. He opted to sit outside the cottage at one of the little tables arranged for the tourists, keeping an eye on the field while Lucy munched at grass nearby. The two donkeys lumbered past, eying John with a sort of bored hope.
