“Dr. Doom,” she says, starting to explain the situation to Steve. Tony doesn’t listen, instead standing there on the balcony with his arms crossed, knowing that he’s pouting. Clint sees this as an excellent opportunity to start annoying him.
“Will you read this to me?” he asks. Tony looks down at the story about the little inventor who wants to invent a robot. Oh, the irony.
It hurts less than before, he has the limited serum inside of him to thank for that. But his healing abilities aren’t comparable to Steve’s at all. It goes slightly faster than a normal human’s would, but in Tony’s opinion he still heals slowly.
“Why would you think there’s anything wrong, Rogers?” Tony asks, bitingly. Steve’s footsteps come closer, and when he sees Peter, his eyes almost close as he glares at him.
And he got himself sorted out. He met Pepper, went back to inventing, fell in love with Pepper, actually dated Pepper. Life had ended up being much better after a while.
smarter than Dum-E), gives them their instructions, and then he sits down behind his crowded desk. Without any care in the world, he passes his arm over the surface and pushes everything to the side. There might be a glass that falls along with everything else, but Id-Jit and Butterfingers are already there to clean everything back up. Tony doesn’t pay too much attention to it, instead starting up his screen and waiting for his brain to jump into action.
“Wait, what? You don’t know what happened to you?” Yaël shook her head and signed at the sofa’s. “Let’s take a seat.” This was going to be a long talk.
Peter counters in annoyance. Tony bites his lips together, getting a snort from Steve’s location. He gives him a poke in the side.
“Peter? Are you alright?” Yaël was worried. Her group of friends was falling apart, but maybe Peter wanted to join her and just leave all of this behind. She knew he had a hard time being in the middle of Tony and Steve’s fight.
His reflexes tell him to fight. His mind tells him that he’ll fall to his death if he gets himself loose.
Much to probably nobody’s surprise, there’s no answer. A guy suddenly jumps up out of nowhere, throwing an arm over Peter’s shoulder and pulling him close until his face is only a few centimeters removed from the other guy’s. Peter blinks a few times in surprise.
“What the-“ Peter grits out, slightly lifting up his mask and spitting out some blood that must have come when he bit his tongue during the blast. His head feels like it’s going to explode. There’s dust and smoke everywhere, alarms from all the police cars all around him.
“Well,” Yaël scratched her head “It’s weird, man. He helps me remembering stuff by triggering my memories or something like that.” Peter lifts an eyebrow to Yaël, but it was Wade who explained it to him.
“Alright, shoot, what’s the question? If you’ve got Steve flustered like this, it must be something good,” Tony urges them on, sounding a bit excited. The grin on his lips is huge before it disappears behind the cup of coffee.
There isn’t a lot to do, so it seems. Peter comes across another mugger, which he stops easily. The woman thanks him by pressing a few dollar bills into his hands before running off to her friends. Peter wants to give the money back, but then she’s gone. So, the first homeless person he comes across, he offers him the money.
“Anthony, Steven, do the two of you need help with putting on the robes that you were given?” Thor asks, storming inside the room. His hair is messy, his clothes loose. Steve sees that he hasn’t taken the time to put his prosthetic in beforehand, so he has one eye closed as he stands there with his hands on his hips.
Peter frowns a little bit at the apartment he finds himself at. The wallpaper of the hallway is faded and shredded in so many places that there’s in fact more bare stone on the wall instead of the actual pattern. He wonders if the door would fall out if he would knock on it, but then decides that he doesn’t really care; if it’s stalker-guy’s apartment, he would gladly see it fall down on the ground.
“Uh, you have any idea what I’m doing here?” Peter asked her. Yaël saw the reflection of her own hysterical feelings projected on her friend’s face. Okay, he was panicking too, he shouldn’t do that, it kind of made a tear in her heart. Peter shouldn’t feel like shit, she should ease him somehow, and revealing to him she was freaking out herself wasn’t the best way to do that.
They’re making a plan of attack. Peter’s not all too sure about it. For a reason, he’s glad he’s all the way over here, while they’re all in a whole other part of the city. The others are probably right; he’s not ready to get back into a fight. He’s too distracted, too low in his head. Peter looks up at Harry and nods to indicate that they should keep moving.
Charles never answered Scott, probably because it was none of his business. That and Yaël didn’t really want to talk about it. She was annoyed for an extremely stupid reason. Before she had left Peter’s apartment he had promised her to keep her up to date, text her whenever something happened, make time to get together…
“Just let it all out,” Mr. Stark says calmly, gently patting him on the back as they stand here in the middle of the balcony, the Iron Man suit standing still behind them and the wind softly blowing in their faces. Peter doesn’t want to look up, to see that he lost control in such a public place, in front of the father that doesn’t even know he has a son.
“Not baseball, more… figuratively,” Sam continues. That doesn’t seem to help at all as Steve just shrugs and shakes his head.
I need to say: I am aware that the hour difference doesn't add  up in the previous chapter. I did my research, but something went wrong and I had already written too much to change it. So, please just try to ignore the massive mistake I made there.
They make it until lunch time. They take their usual (empty) place at the lunch table, make arrangements for a movie night to let Harry catch up on the new movies he’s missed this year, and discuss other film theories. It’s a good way for him to relax a bit after these past few stressful days.
Steve suddenly points at Peter, not keeping his eyes away from Tony, who by now has retracted the helmet again. With his comm link in his hand, he throws it towards Strange. Peter catches it quickly, handing it to the sorcerer.
“I only want to know when Peter or Steve call,” Tony returns with a cracking voice. He rubs his eyes and lets out a long sigh. Then he turns to the side again. In front of him, he sees Steve’s empty spot on the mattress. He reaches out an arm, trying to imagine him lying there. But it doesn’t work. The sheets feel cold, Tony’s eyes lower and his chest aches again.
A flare spikes up, out of the miniature sun. Hitting the ceiling, rocks start dropping down on the floor, only barely missing some people.
In this chapter, there will be an explanation part that will clarify what exactly happened to Peter before the story started. There will be strong elements from ASM 1&2. Because Ned wasn't originally in the story but I really wanted him in it, he's finally introduced! Welcome Ned!
“We wasted so much time,” Steve mutters towards Tony. Peter figures that the mission they went on probably was another bust. They’ve been gone far longer than they normally are, too. More than two weeks, almost!
“Tony,” he says, trying to get his attention. Tony looks up at him, trying to figure out if Steve is disappointed in him. “If I understand correctly, you say it’ll happen, but not in the coming few years. Am I right?”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. I mean, they’re probably blocked for a reason?” Ned points at the multiple programs, all of them disabled. Peter suddenly starts to understand where all of the other ideas for the suit might have gone to. After all, he’s been working for such a long time on this; it’s only logical that there’s
Because he’s watching his father dying. The man on the ground, begging for his attacked to help his wife – Tony’s mother. Howard recognizing Sergeant Barnes. Tony then looks up at Barnes, who is doing everything he can to keep his eyes away, looking as if he’s reliving his worst nightmare. Their eyes only meet shortly. On the screen, Howard Stark then gets pounded in the face with a metal fist. Tony closes his eyes when he’s sure his father is dead. Then his breath speeds up again at the thought that his mother is next.
“Fel… I’m sorry but that wasn’t me…” Peter feels horrible for telling her this. She just chuckles, looking back up.
“No, no, no, no, it’s was much earlier than that,” Tony mutters out. He’s still rubbing his eyes, isn’t he? He should stop that. “Listen, honey, don’t worry. I’m fine, alright? I’ll be back home in no time.”
“Yeah, just came back from Dr. Cho. She took out the stitches,” Peter explains. Tony looks at him the, all of the sudden, eyes wide again.
? Peter pulls back his arms and wraps them around himself, trying to keep a tight hold as he keeps on stepping back from the figure in front of him. Everything is wrong.
“We are not here to hear your son’s resume, Stark. Get more interns, figure this shit out. We want to be able to offer more to the public during this year.” Brown-glasses turns to Pepper and gives her a nod while he piles his papers. “Let’s just conclude this meeting and go on with our days, shall we?”
Her arms were bound tightly against her chest. Around her neck, wrists and ankles, she felt some kind of metal device. Was this thing draining her energy so she’d be less movable? All the devices were connected with thick and thin cables to a machine outside of the top of the glass cage. Yaël wanted to say something, but her throat felt so dry and she tasted blood. Had she been fighting?
“We need to find out why the bite worked on Peter anyway,” Tony says. “A bit earlier, he said that the bite only worked on his DNA, which means that…”
“Okay, that works,” Tony mutters. He’s no longer going in too much detail, having talked his ears off for the past two weeks he’s been working on this. He plays with it some more to make sure it’s not just a one-time deal.
His assigned seat is between Tony and Susan Storm. They’re on the front row, but Tony’s not next to him, instead still in the front of the room talking to the King of Wakanda and Natasha. Peter stays in his seat, wanting nothing more but to take off the mask and be here as Peter Parker instead. But a promise is a promise.
“You know, Sharon insists on visiting you every week or so,” Steve then starts. “It’s actually only because of that that I’ve realized I might like men… It’s actually… not so much the men that I like…”
Breakfast goes on without much trouble. At one point Thor shows up with obvious panic in his eyes, storming towards Steve to ask if they can go through the vows one more time. They’re going for a completely Asgardian wedding, but Jane still insisted on getting some traditional, Midgardian things in it as well. Given the fact that Thor is about to marry the woman he loves, there’s no way he’s refusing her wish.
“Bake some fish, eat, read a book… Raido smuggled a few new ones for us,” Cem answered calmly. He had always been a very serene man, but one with joy twinkling in his eyes.
The last message is her telling him that she heard from Johnny that he’s fine, and to figure out his shit. Peter swallows through a lump in his throat. The cab they’ve taken stops in front of their destination by the time he’s finished reading through everything.
Tony’s heart skips a few beats when he hears that sentence. He could be mistaken, but did she say ‘our’? Surely, she means hers and Richard’s, right?
“Tony?!” he shouts so loud that both Bucky and Sam jump up in surprise. They’re in the gardens, the two of them playing a game of chess while Steve had been drawing – or rather staring ahead of himself. “Thank God, I’ve been trying to reach somebody for days!”
Peter looks up in surprise, seeing Mr. Stark pointing at him but not looking, staring Steve right in the eyes. It’s Steve who turns his head to catch a glance on Peter, noticing immediately that Peter must have heard. It can’t be too hard to see; the teenager feels that his eyes are wide, that his mouth has fallen open, that he’s sitting up straight like anybody who just heard something shocking.
First, it was Nat who replaced him and drilled the living shit out of Yaël. Then there was Sam Wilson. He was a very joyful, sweet dude and he always took her out for a run around the domain, which she appreciated since the only room in the building she had seen already, except for her room and the kitchen, was the training room. That and it wasn’t like running with Steve, whose tempo was just… inhuman. Not that she was human, but his tempo was less human than her complete background.
“I know, to the Asgardians, my life might be short, over in just a blink of an eye. But I’ll try my damnest to make that blink of an eye worthwhile for everybody. For you as your wife. For our child as a mother. For Asgard as her Queen. Because I know that, by your side, I can do things I would never have been able to imagine, and I need to thank you for that.”
“But, he needs to understand that the moment he reaches the age of maturity, he’ll have to make his decision on the Accords.”
"Not really that surprised, given that we're just awesome," Tony says with a wide grin. Steve, too, smiles.
“Hey, Ned! How are we doing over those headlights?” Peter then asks when another cars honks at him for not having his lights turned on.
“Sure. Once we put out the PR fire, those documents can be amended,” Tony says hastily. “I’d file a motion to have you, Wilson and Wanda reinstated-“
“Oh, come on, Steve, seriously?” Tony calls out. Once again, a couple of gazes are landing on them, and Rhodey pokes them in the back.
“You know, I’ve been kidnapped once or twice. It’s not that big of a deal, Peter,” Harry continues. Peter feels just close to punching him in the face. “But alright, I guess I see your point. But we can’t change it now, she’s already inside.”
First thing that came up was Peter, dancing in ridiculous clothes to Rihanna’s Umbrella. Yaël remembered bits and pieces of that moment, but it was surely hilarious as hell to watch it again. Peter’s faced turned red, of course it did. And because of that Yaël couldn’t ignore the chance to make a sarcastic note about his appearances on the tape.
“Say, Steve, you think the Avengers are up for a night-mission?” Tony asks suddenly. Steve doesn’t turn around while he prepares some eggs.
The next thing Peter was tasked with were some sort of displays in eye-lenses, which will allow the person wearing it to see multiple images in front of him. This could help with calculations, zooming in on specific objects, or focusing on one certain aspect. Peter once more helped Mr. Stark – though Peter is sure the man doesn’t really need his help – and once Peter tried them on, they, too, were taken away.
“But I am awake?” Tony shakes his head. Steve does the same, putting a hand on top of Tony’s against his cheek.
For the upcoming three days, there doesn’t seem to be any change. With the limited visiting hours that are allowed at the ICU, Peter can’t spend his week-end with Tony. He goes to the compound instead, where he hangs out with Harry for a bit.
“Oh, hi, Peter. When did you get here?” he asks, though not standing still to talk to him but instead heading to the kitchenette. There he fills Tony’s glass again, heading to the medication drawer and picking out a good painkiller that matches with the current pharmaceutical therapy he’s following.
“Peter? What’s wrong?” Steve suddenly asks. Of course he does; from where Steve is sitting, he, too, would think that Mr. Stark is sleeping. How could he even suspect that it’s not that?
“Do you want to go party tonight?” Wade randomly asked. Yaël was eating breakfast and Wade joined her around the table, sipping from his coffee.
“Eddie, my man!” Flash calls out, holding his arms open as if he’s ready for a hug. Peter squints again in confusion, for a moment wondering why he’s seated on a couch next to Flash without getting his ass kicked? Wait, Flash was telling him something, wasn’t he? Shit he doesn’t even remember what he was talking about.
He receives the file the day he arrives at the tower after his trip in India. There’s no sender, nothing to tell him who it comes from. Not that he needs it; the first page is explanation enough.
Peter nods in understanding. He just doesn’t know if it’s possible for Bruce to manage that, somehow. After all, hasn’t the guy been trying to get his portion out for years?
“Ten more minutes, sir,” Happy says. And Tony curses to himself, because why didn’t he take the suit with him? Sure, a visit to a local high school isn’t much reason to bring such a high-tech suit with him, but obviously, the occasion does arise. Especially with a son who is trying to be a superhero of his own.
“I need to go,” Peter whispers out, feeling a strong wave of shame coming over him. His body’s feeling all weird, wanting and needing more while his brain is telling him that he shouldn’t. He needs to get back to the apartment, take a cool shower, study up a little? Maybe call Aunt May if she’s still up.
“She’ll probably start doing these things as soon as she gains more strength…” Wade mumbled to himself.
doesn’t need to see that asshole. It’s only for the best he got kicked off. It was about time for retirement, after all. Meanwhile, the woman next to Ross drops down her tablet, touches the screen once, and then a hologram shows up.
Peter snorts before following Johnny inside. There’s an elevator, though it looks like it’s about ready for retirement. Knowing that, if it gets stuck, they’ll find their way out of it, Peter and Johnny risk the elevator without any hesitation.
She took deep breaths. These shocks were taking their toll. Leaning with her hands on the ground, she looked at the purple guy, who was still stuck in the ground.
“We have a deal, remember? You ask when you ready, that’s what we agreed on,” Steve then hisses at him. Tony’s frown deepens for a bit, but then he takes a deep breath.
You know, Venom, that monster, that parasite, that got his son in such a horrible state that they would need an
“You should just… do it. Take it into your own hands, Johnny,” Peter assures him with a reassuring smile. He closes his eyes and leans his head against Johnny’s while they listen to the music going on.
“Yeah, but it’s pretty quiet tonight. I’m actually just chilling on the roof, so not getting into any danger you know,” he assures him with a forced chuckle. He can see Tony roll his eyes at him.
“I don’t know, I have the feeling I’m fucking everything up. First Peter, now Steve… Let’s not forget Nilla.” Yaël pulled her suitcase behind her, towards the right alley where she had to wait in the queue.
“Hey, May,” Peter greets his aunt. He doesn’t need to see her to know it’s her. He knows her strokes to his head, knows the feel of her hands, her breathing. He’s been raised by her, he could recognize her even if he would have been deaf and blind at the same time.
The evening comes to a close when MJ and Felicia suddenly announce that they’re heading back home. Johnny, ever the gentleman, offers to walk them home to make sure they get back safely. They say goodbye to everybody before heading out, with Wade following them (hoping he can get his drinking-evening with Johnny) Peter at first thought of joining them, but he realizes his stuff is still in the tower and he has to go pick it up. Tomorrow, class luckily only starts in the afternoon, so he might as well just spend the night in the tower.
His suit has a mind of his own. When he gets to a certain height, a small alarm suddenly goes off, and then the breath is pulled out of his lungs and he’s ripped away from the claws that were holding him. Seeing only the green lights in a dark silhouette that remind him of a murderous vulture, Peter lets whatever’s taking him this time pull him down again.
“I promise,” he says. MJ smiles again, leaning forward to press a kiss against his cheek. After that, she leans down and takes the first picture she took of him.
Johnny’s eyes are open wide as he looks at the two destroyed devices around him. While Peter reaches for the second controller and connects it to the PlayStation, the other guy kneels down and starts collecting the pieces lying on the ground. He gives them a short look before turning towards Peter, eyes clearly worried.
“So,” Tony one day started while sipping on a glass of water Steve had brought him. “You think we should be making some ground rules about ‘no relationships’ between the members of the team? Or you think those two can keep it professional?”
“I need to take this,” he almost yells, jumping out of his seat to get into the hallway. Not bothering to look who’s calling, he puts the device against his ear and clears his throat.
“We surely will, thanks for your confidence, my good friend,” Thor slaps Tony’s shoulder affectively. Then he moves to the side, picking up Tony’s red cloaks. “Now, is there help needed? I know I have people who could help you with it, but for my friends I like to make some time to help out, myself.”
And as he tells them what he found, everybody stays quiet. The mention of Sokovia does that to them, more often than not. Grabbing a painkiller for his head and taking it with his coffee, Tony explains what his point of view is on this.
“How about a chase?” the Cat suddenly asks. Before Peter can ask what she means, she suddenly pushes him on his back until he falls down. On instinct, he starts shouting before remembering that he still has his webs. Quickly, he swings himself over to the next building, seeing a dark shadow passing over him.
“What’s the situation?” Peter asks. Due to the mask, the fireman can’t see the assured expression Peter knows he’s expressing right now.
“A new liver? Were your healers unable to repair your previous one?” she suddenly asks. The look on Tony’s face surprises Peter a bit; it looks like… fondness?
Mr. Morita looks surprised, but Peter doesn’t know at what. That Mr. Stark took care of this already? Or that the man would even try to bargain about this? Peter can almost see the gears working in his head when he turns around for a second, but then the man holds out his hand towards Mr. Stark and nods in agreement.
And with that, Mrs. Cooper goes on with collecting everybody’s homework before coming to stand in front of the class again. Peter’s face feels entirely red, and he knows everybody’s attention is on him. As suspected, they’re laughing.
“I think you’ll have to repeat this preach you just gave me every now and then…” Steve pulled Yaël out of her thoughts.
Heading to the kitchenette, Tony takes all he needs to prepare his hot coco. It’s what his mother made for him whenever he wasn’t feeling well, and he knows Peter isn’t going to feel well after this. The way the kid looks up at Steve, watching him with such adoration. He’s going to take it really hard.
Steve falls even more in love, watching how Thor helps Tony transform from his usual self to his usual self but looking more like an Asgardian. Tony looks uncomfortable, Steve can’t possibly deny that fact. But he looks just so beautiful, so bright as the golden cape is attached to Tony’s shoulders. There’s a glowing gemstone hanging over his chest, representing the arc reactor.
Tony frowns, pulling the phone away from his ear for a small second before putting it back in place. Midtown High? That’s Peter’s school… What has the kid been up to, now?
“Yeah, he, uh… I don’t know, he doesn’t seem to be doing so well,” Peter told her. Yaël wasn’t really following, she felt like it was none of her business.
Went to see Black Panther at last! Lots of inspiration, now just to find a way to bring all the ideas in!
“I suppose, he had a funny name indeed,” she returns. Then she clears her throat, looking down at the ground. Peter, too, lowers his head.
“It’s weird, I feel like my answer is no on that one, but at the same time it’s not a complete struggle to just move around and do things, so I guess that’s a plus.”
“Could you maybe get my crutches from the workshop? I mean I would walk but I’m not sure you won’t kill me for it.”
"Oh, yeah, just walk away!" the unknown man barked. Right after that, Yaël heard a door slamshut right behind her. She jumped a bit and turned around. The blonde guy stood outside the cage and looked obviously frustrated, but he tried to hide it. The only thing that gave him away was his unwitting frowning.
“Peter,” he calls out, snapping his finger next to Peter’s ear. The boy turns his head around until his brown eyes meet Tony’s. “Can you hear me?”
Peter looks surprised. His eyes are open wide, and a fly could just fly into his mouth if he doesn’t close it soon.
“What is that?!” Yaël grunted at the woman, who only grinned, right before she pushed some kind of button which clearly send electric waves at Yaël as she out of the blue got electrocuted. She fell down on the ground, her body shocked and the pain was so unbearable that Yaël was unable to even yell or scream.
“Spider-Man!” somebody shouts. They’re not even surprised to see him there, anymore. Every time Peter appears, he’s there with money to give.
“I might have been knocked down back at HQ, but I heard you when you were fighting him. You two knew each other in the past, didn’t you?”
The man’s lips turned a tint lighter as he pressed them together after that question. For a split-second, it seemed like Yaël hurt him. But then, a smirk ran over his face as he answered.
Tony clears his throat before standing up. He rubs his eyes, turning his back on all of them while limping to the window. Natasha follows him, coming to stand behind him to put a hand on his shoulder. Tony leans back against the wall, once again wishing that Steve were here.
“You old lady!” Raido threw back with a roaring laugh. “Wait, you guys count in era’s?” Lopt interrupted them again.
“You got a passport?” Tony continues. Peter frowns, thinking back of the passport Tony had gotten him and Aunt May to prepare for their holiday in a few weeks.
He lets go of it again. The star hovers a bit in the air. Then, suddenly, a shape seems to emerge from it. Tony flies back a bit when he sees somebody standing next to him.
“Yeah, uh… I guess I should have guessed being the son of Tony Stark would attract a lot of attention,” he jokes back hesitantly. MJ doesn’t laugh, though her eyes do have an amused sparkle in them. Instead, she comes to stand next to Peter looking up at the sky the same way he’d been doing earlier.
yours, but you can be certain that you’ll get it once the time is there, Mister Parker,” Tony says, watching how the boy’s face lights up a little bit after hearing that.
The moment the bell indicates that the hour is over, Peter stands up while already grabbing his phone. He thinks of typing Francis’ number, but then he realizes the guy probably isn’t working right now, usually going for the evenings at the tower. He doesn’t even have any other numbers, except for…
“I’m always cold,” he answered with some sort of half smile, like he was a bit sad about it. Yaël, who didn’t really get what he meant by that, reached up and put her hand against his forehead.  A gesture he clearly hadn’t seen coming. He stared at her for a second, looking completely startled. Then a frown appeared on his face.
Tony doesn’t speak. Anything that could trigger Bruce right now is incredibly bad news, so it’s best to just keep his mouth shut.
“Well, if you want a daddy so badly, you can call me ‘dad’. Daddy Deadpool, wouldn’t that be great?” Wade suddenly said with a grin. Yaël sarcastically slapped her forehead after that. She did her best to keep her face straight, because she didn’t want to give Wade the pleasure to see her laugh at his dumb joke. Wade was still punished for being an aggressive dick, after all.
He remembers Flash inviting him to the party if he would get Spider-Man to join. Wanda would be difficult – she’s not back yet – but Spider-Man is easier; Peter just has to go, put on the suit for an hour, and then he could stay.
Dressed in clothing that Pepper once described as ‘casual chique’, and without the sunglasses, Tony is seated in the car, having parked it in front of the compound. A bit nervously, he takes a few more moments behind the wheel with the radio still playing loudly. It helps to calm his mind a bit, to have music blasting from all around him.
“Oh, and when that Arc Reactor is finished, show it to me, will you?” Mr. Stark adds without taking his eyes off the phone. Peter stands still for a moment, but then nods.
“Oh, hey Steve,” Peter says, sitting up in his surprise. He hisses when his ribs protest against the movement. “How have you been?”
“Where’s Dick?” Tony asks. Nobody ever calls Richard that except for Tony. It’s one of the things that he liked to annoy Mary with back when they were still friends.
Mary sobs a bit as she lowers the picture again. Then she rubs her eyes and looks away from the camera.
Peter nods, leaning forward a bit more as he waits for his answer. Clint seems surprised that Peter’s not coming up with his own answer here.
“Oooooh, Peter’s got an admirer!” Ned sings from his table, and Peter feels his face heat up. Shushing him once again, he figures he might as well make his leave from here immediately before anybody could hear the guy.
The truth is proven when somebody comes knocking on the door, and suddenly Tony walks back in, with tense shoulders and eyes going everywhere but at the man sitting next to Peter.
He’s seated at the kitchen island with a French plate of breakfast and a steaming cup of coffee in front of him, his head resting in his hands with loud sighs escaping every few times, not even looking up when Peter and Harry walk in to the penthouse, having slept in an empty room a few floors underneath this one.
This is way too much information at once. Peter seriously needs a time-out. He should go patrolling after this, maybe. He lets out another long breath, in all honesty just wanting another drink. How did it even come to the point where he needs to drink to relax a bit?
“You only speak about her with respect, you listen me?” Again, Yaël didn’t feel like correcting her sister’s vocabulary. When Yaël didn’t answer to that, Nilla started talking again. “She wants to uhm… rekrut-“
Then, all of the sudden, Peter can breathe again. The legs around his neck pull away, Peter’s arm is freed. The first thing he does is breathe as deeply as he can, accidentally breathing in a bit of his spit, thus making him cough it out with a hand on his chest and another one on the floor. Slowly, his eyes start to see things clearly again. The black disappears.
“There’s a ton of other sub-systems in here,” Ned says, smirking a bit. “They’re all disabled, though. It’s called the ‘Training Wheels Protocol’.”
“It’s alright. Dum-E’s been working on your system? I can give you plenty of reasons why you should donate him to an orphanage, you know,” Peter jokes. Tony laughs as well, but Wanda seems shocked, immediately hurrying towards Dum-E and shielding him away from the two.
After a few hours, Tony finally arrives to the coordinates Wilson gave him. At first he doesn’t see much other than snow – luckily the suit has its own heating system, otherwise he’s seriously underdressed. Eventually, he spots the quinjet, and another vehicle close to what seems like an underground bunker. When he comes down next to the quinjet, he can see that the footprints aren’t that old – they’re still pretty deep, not yet covered by freshly fallen snow.
Oh, shoot! If she only had enough money to buy hair products to get the knots out and make her hair look less a mess…
Alone with the thoughts in his mind. Quickly he shakes his head, groaning as he remembers his backpack with his clothes is still in that one alley, and he can’t really get into Oscorp looking like this.
of the students looking at him curiously; probably the new ones who didn’t know about Peter’s internship at SI. But the one person that does get his attention is Liz.
I can't just... I need to solve the problems first before I can make her happy again. Otherwise I create plotholes! Do you know how hard it is to fix those? No you don't, because you don't think about that, do you?
“Yo, buddy! I’ve been looking for you all evening! Weren’t we about to watch that Star Wars movie together?”
Peter wants to hear more, but he startles when he hears footsteps coming up behind him. Quickly he pulls away from the door, trying to pretend like he hasn’t been listening in at the two men. The woman doesn’t even look up when Peter walks by.
, as they’ve come to call it. He hates the name, hates even the simplest mention if the Infinity Stones. Except for the Time Stone. That one’s good. Long live the Time Gem.
His ear has been against a phone almost all day when Steve was brought in; mostly Tony talking to the guys on top to keep Steve and the others a clear name. He even dared to bring up Barnes, but he’s got no high hopes for his fate.
Steve hums a bit in thought. "I think he said something about a picture directly on paper?" he offers.
“Let them through,” he breathes out. The two brats never call him unless they need his help with something. Immediately, on his tablet, the familiar image of Deadpool and Johnny appear. The two look a bit… freaked out? Worry rises immediately inside of Tony.
she told him. But this was exactly what she tried to avoid by declining Steve’s demand. At least, she didn’t have to fight Peter, right? Now, someone else could hurt him, without knowing it was Peter. What if he died, and the others found out that Spider-Man was Peter all this time. Was this what the stone was trying to warn her about, back when her powers imploded?
“Well, uh, yeah. What other Steve have I been associated with lately?” Tony jokes out. Couple of the year, bitches! Even though they’ve not really been acting like it for the past month or so.
Tony doesn’t stop his explanation towards Bruce, though he does reach out his hand and links his fingers with Steve’s. The super soldier doesn’t mind too much. He looks around, noticing Peter sitting with Shuri, Mantis, Wanda and Vision a bit further away. He’s not going to ask them to join him. It could be good for the kid to have some time with people his age, after all.
But luckily, with that Mr. Thompson looked at the clock and told his wife their soap was going to start. So Yaël helped them clean the table and thanked them a thousand times before stepping into the rain again, this time with an umbrella she got from Mrs. Thompson.
As Yaël didn't see any movements through the dust and stones, she walked to the pile to see if she could dig up Steve. A hand grabbed her ankle and pulled her foot away, so she landed with a smack on her back. She heard Steve's laugh and stones move as he freed himself from the pile of dirt she had caused.
“I didn’t know you were immune to fire?” is the only thing that comes up in his mind. The Cat rolls her eyes, pats his cheek and starts walking forward.
“I mean, I don’t even know what Loki wants! Why can’t he just be fucking clear for one second?! Oh, I’m sorry…” Yaël added as she felt like she was whining against a complete stranger.
“Alright, then. Give your husband my best, and tell him I’m rooting for any results he manages to come up with.”
The second example is the shop mugger, who holds up a gun towards the cashier with a cry that he wants the money – it’s always the same with these guys. Peter quickly pulls the gun away with his web, and then immobilizes the mugger, once more serving him on a platter for the police. He always disappears before they can get there, since they still don’t really like him.
“I guess I could,” Steve returns with an uncertain smile. Tony pats him on the cheek a few times before pulling the tablet back out of Peter’s hand. Eventually he stands up to get to the kitchenette where he serves himself a glass of water. There’s still a limp in his steps, but the crutches are at least nowhere to be found.
A few students passed, Yaël recognized Dust, who was always wearing a black burqa, because that girl followed her art classes. The teens looked with big eyes to the scene in front of them: Captain America carrying a teacher on his back like she’s a little child. As soon as Steve noticed their judging faces, his cheeks burned red and he let go of Yaël.
Peter doesn’t really want to think too much about it, instead deciding to put the book back in the box when he finds that he’s already back in Queens. He sees a few classmates in their thick coats walking on the street, currently enjoying the end of their winter break. A strange feeling passes through him then, suddenly remembering how few friends he actually has at school.
“I’m not that sure… I actually cheated on her… and sure, I wasn’t all too aware of it, but it still happened…”
Peter knows he’s the one who asked to join them. He heard about the funeral, and immediately felt like he
“You know fights would go better if I could move more smoothly,” Yaël said “In comparison to Natasha, I move like a dead rock.”
Wade appeared to be relaxed while driving like someone who had just escaped jail. Yaël just wanted to bark something at him about almost killing a few people and ruining a hot-dog stand, when she looked outside and saw police following them. Holy fuck, was he trying to kill them again? Yaël threw a glance at Peter, who started cursing. He looked a bit pale. She hoped he wouldn’t puke on his clothes before his interview with Stark. Yaël wanted to pat his leg to calm him down, but she suddenly heard Wade scream.
Tony keeps his mouth shut again. He doesn’t really know how to respond to that. He knows Bruce has a point, but it still just… he doesn’t know.
“How many did you take?” Steve asks, sounding panicked. Peter finds himself frozen in place after that. If Steve is reacting like this, it surely isn’t good.
“You’re lucky this girl came to save your ass. Next time you’ll be less fortunate,” he mutters towards him. Peter rolls his eyes, throwing his hands up in surrender the moment Flash lets go of him.
Peter lets out a long breath. His heartrate is elevated, and his breathing is going a bit faster than it normally should. Quickly he clears his throat, turning away from the window to look at the city underneath him.
Another part of suddenly having a small glimpse of Steve’s powers is at how augmented everything is. If this isn’t even close to what Steve is feeling, Tony really feels sorry for the man. He’s constantly on edge, hearing noises from too far away to even smelling what his neighbor is eating in the room next to him. He’s no longer in ICU, having been brought over to a private room on a transplant-recovery department. His visiting hours are much better now, though given that Pepper still has a company to look after, she’s not here as often as she was when his survival wasn’t guaranteed. He’s not expecting Peter tonight, having told him to take a day off, swing around town for a bit. Though he wouldn’t be surprised if he would pass by just for a few minutes before visiting hours are over.
“Frankly, Stark, I’m surprised you called us for this. I thought you’d want your people to look at this place. And with that I mean you and Bruce.”
Peter sleeps horribly at night. In fact, he stays awake the entire time, his eyes fixed on the ceiling and this strong urge to head out and fight some crime. His head’s a mess, his heart aching in a way, but at the same time lacking the… feeling. He has no clue what’s happening.
“Three… this month. We’re only the tenth of September, Peter. In August alone you lost about seven bags! I know we’re rich, but if you keep going like this we’re going to run out of money eventually.”
“Listen to me, being sentimental. I've had fights with Steve before since we're together. What’s going on with me?” Tony asks in confusion, passing a hand over his eyes.
Should he ask Tony? Or maybe that’ll make the guy worry even more than before? It’s probably not such a good idea, after all. He might be getting a constant hovering Tony after that. Maybe a babysitter while Peter’s out on patrol. Nah, better to keep him in the dark.
Her mother, Agostina, had never been in the picture. She died when Yaël couldn’t even walk yet. Apperantly, Yaël had a younger sister, Nilla, who stayed in town when her father decided to move out. But why? Why did a young kid like Nilla decided to stay alone in a town? And why did Cem decide to move out of that town?
“Come on, Tony, I know we don’t agree on keeping a watch on Peter, but you can’t kick me out for only this? Is this about the kids-issue?”
“Dude, she’s my chick, we’re married! The girl is my property, I even pee on her every now and then!” Yaël curled her nose a bit after Wade’s reply. But she wasn’t thinking fast enough to talk back, this was all so random.
Yaël got herself dressed and a few hours later, after ordering some pizza, she heard a knock on the door.
“The suit’s here,” Steve says, walking back to them and leaning forward a bit. Peter nods and lets go of Mr. Stark’s hand, allowing the Super Soldier to pick the man up and carry him back to where Mark 51 is waiting, open. After some difficulty, Steve manages to put Mr. Stark inside. Then he looks back at Peter.
Tony goes through most of the journals, coming to the conclusion that these have all been written by her. That means that they still have Richard’s files to look for. He pulls the box towards the door, making sure that he’s not going to forget them here. As if on cue, a text message comes up from Steve.
“It was your stupid idea to pretend we’re happy, Tony! You didn’t want to smudge your name with a divorce!”
But right when ‘Harry’ walks through the door, his head turns a bit, and his eyes meet with Peter’s.
Also, I felt myself getting annoyed while writing down that argument. I hope everybody gets just as annoyed as Mordo's supposed to feel. That was definitely my intention! Just so you can say in the end 'THAT'S WHAT YOU GET, IDIOTS!'
“Let go of him, you bastard!” another person shouts. It vaguely sounds like Tony, but Peter can’t be sure.
“Some inspiration! It’s almost Christmas and May asked me if I have a present yet but I don’t have anything!” Peter almost shouts in frustration, shutting the first hatch and reaching for the second. “Why aren’t these alphabetical!”
She leans forward to kiss his forehead before pulling him towards her, into a strong hug. Tony lets out a soft sob before nodding in agreement. Of course she’s right. She’s always right.
He quickly waves at Daisy, who holds her thumb up towards him for good luck. After that, she disappears as the door closes behind him. Steve glares at him shortly before continuing through the hallway.
“Yeah, uh, sorry I didn’t tell you. It wasn’t really a good time to bring it up,” Steve says apologetically. Tony understands what he means; he wasn’t sure if there was even a relationship to mention in the first place.
The class starts. Peter is aware of the professor talking in the front, writing things down on the blackboard as he once again describes every little function of the human cell. Peter isn’t paying attention, already knowing all this stuff. Instead he writes down his own notes, suggestions on what he’s going to do about the suit and how he’s going to fix it back up.
“Uh, they’re recreations of Spider-Man’s web-shooters,” Peter says nervously. “I was kind of interested in how they worked, so I figured out a way to make them myself. Of course, I don’t have much use for them since I’m not super athletic and all and I can’t crawl on walls or whatever…”
In a fast movement, Tony lunges towards Barnes, only to have Steve’s strong arms stopping him before he can even get to the man – the murderer.
“Because English is no problem to me, neither is Norwegian…but that Sil of you people, it gives me a headache.”
Yaël couldn’t see her face as her sister was sitting on the ground, knees up with her face buried against them. Her arms were bound against her chest and her hair fell before her face, but Yaël was sure it was her. Their physiques looked quite the same, after all. Except for Nilla’s very visible muscles. She wasn’t wearing the sweater that made her look ‘cute’ anymore. Now, her kaki tank top and black leggings made Nilla look a lot more like herself.
“It was some free sample on the street. I already had Bruce look it over so it’s no big deal,” Peter assures her. Then he puts his hands in his hoodie and offers them a smile. “So what are the plans?”
“Get off your ass, Rogers. You’ve got a date in twenty minutes,” Natasha had then said, poking him in the sides to get him standing. Then she started pushing him in the direction of his bedroom
Steve got to see the new suits Tony made. There were a few. But even more, Tony appeared to have been started on what he called the ‘Iron Legion’. Some sort of army of suits, operated each individually by JARVIS. Steve found himself rather impressed, really. Especially given the fact that, after half a year, STARK-tower seemed to have been changed completely into Avengers-tower.
It feels like the choice is eating him from the inside. He loves to create things and he’s savvy with most of the tech he’s coming across with, but on the other hand he just wonders if he would be following that program because he
“Yeah, about your age, same height? I don’t know if you ever saw him before,” Tony says. “But I’m not really here to talk about him. I’ve got a proposition for you.”
“Well, uh, we should probably get a cab now, then. Who knows how crowded the roads will be?” Peter suggests. Yaël nods and heads towards her own bag, fishing out her wallet and checking if she still has cash. Peter quickly notices there aren’t many cards in there.
Steve stays quiet when Tony gets up and closes up the space between them. When he’s standing right next to him, Tony takes Steve’s hand into his own.
“Uh, Harry, can you ask the guys for the tables and chairs? I just need to say hi for a moment,” he says. Harry nods, continuing to where they were originally headed while Peter turns towards Natasha. Finally having red hair again, she looks more like the woman he remembers. It’s better this way, too.
“I can understand why they’re here, but I think it would have been better if they hadn’t been made. There’s so much shit going on now, and we can’t even help out…” That was true. Somewhere, Yaël did understand why Stark and the others signed the accords. Just like Vision said, it was the logical thing to do. “Wouldn’t you be a victim of them as well?” Wanda hinted to make clear that Yaël should tell Peter she was already affected by the accords.
He’s only just barely capable of thinking, before a round, vibranium shield is striking down right into the suit’s arc reactor. Only then does Tony notice that he’s no longer wearing his helmet. Did he lose it in the fight?
“It’s alright, they’re already coming out,” Wanda says happily. Vision, on the other hand, seems less relaxed about it. For a moment, Peter wonders if he knows something they don’t. He watches as the police keeps their guns raised up, waiting for the robbers to get out of the bank. He wonders if Wanda’s been using her telepathy to coax them out. Probably it’s something like that.
There, in the middle of the desk, lies a piece of paper. It’s an article, ripped out of what must be like a journal. On the top, there’s a picture of Mr. Stark. It’s an older one, taken by a professional photograph in a studio, where he wears an expensive suit and a watch that must be priceless, with then a subtle shadow of the Iron Man Mask shining over half of his face.
“First room on your left,” he says before looking back down on his inventions. Peter just clears his throat and thanks him before making his way out, his bag still hanging over his shoulder. As he exits the workshop, his eyes suddenly land on Captain America – no, wait, Steve – slowly coming his way to them. Peter decides to just ignore him for now and to get into the bathroom.
“He’s my father,” he suddenly slips out. His eyes widen the moment the words leave his mouth, and his hand goes to cover up his lips, but it’s already too late.
“So now I’m going to do what I had to do instead of banishing you out of mercy for your dad.” Yaël and Lopt turned around as they heard the doors open. A blonde version of Yaël walked into the Throne Room pushing forward a chained Raido.
So Yaël explained to him that she was still trying to figure out how to make some sort of battle team or army out of her own powers. Of course, this time she didn’t waste herself completely in her training.  After that, Charles had to go to a meeting, so they said goodbye. They’d see or hear each other the next day anyways.
Tony never knew of her death; it had reached the newspapers, but Tony had been in the rehabilitation back then to get over his depression. Nobody told him about it afterwards because nobody’d think he cared.
“Oh, I see how it is. Mr. Parker just wanted a ride, isn’t it?” Peter shook his head a bit panicky jokingly. “Well, too bad for you; I don’t have a driver’s license, after all.” Yaël was terrible at driving. She remembered Steve trying to teach it to her multiple times, but there was too much to focus on, too much she didn’t understand about cars or driving. So Yaël almost crashed a few times, which always ended in Steve saving the day, being the hero and annoying the heck out of her. Maybe she was too dumb to learn it, maybe because she actually came from another planet without things like machines, robots or cars.
Merry Christmas to you all, I'll be spending it chowing down my antibiotics and painkillers, seeing as I went to the doctor's today :')
“We don’t know more. SHIELD is on the scene. They’re helping out the survivors. Apparently, you met up with some guy in who shot Thor out into space.”
“Toby! Andy!” the woman Peter spotted before shouts. The two boys turn towards their mother and fly into her arms. Peter looks at her as she tries to balance into the hug while still holding on to a what seems like two-year-old kid on her hip.
“I’m running out of time, Charles,” Tony confesses. “He’s been having seizures, he’s stopped breathing! They’ve shoved a tube through his throat for crying out loud!”
he thinks to himself, hating the Mercedes-resembling symbol on his skin. He has trouble putting on his shoes, but eventually he’s ready. Putting up his hood and throwing the bag over his shoulder and after leaving a note for the nurses, he opens the door to check if there’s anybody in the hallway.
They had a short conversation with Fury, one to indicate that there was no way Loki was to remain on Earth. Thor agreed to take him back to Asgard with the help of the Tesseract. Fury didn’t object. The call had been extremely short.
“Don’t tell me you’re this tense around her all the time?” Tony asks teasingly. He gets another glare from Steve, but other than that there’s just silence.
Another look around, and he sees a lot of the other heroes here as well. The X-Men, with Professor X, Wolverine, Jean Grey, Storm and Cyclops. Then there’s Rhodey who is talking with Sam and Clint. There’s the guy who shrinks – Peter thinks his name was Scott – talking to a woman with brown hair braided together. He doesn’t know who she is.
He sleeps good that night. And when the morning comes, all there’s left of Steve is a small letter the man left for him.
He startles when there’s a sudden banging on the door. Tony’s eyes open up, the clock indicating that it’s twenty past eight. Confused, he frowns while scratching his head. He wouldn’t have expected to actually fall asleep right now.
According to the schedule Mr. Stark had made for him, he doesn’t need to show up today. Of course, he knows he’s not going to stay home at all. He needs to know if everything is alright; did they do the right thing there, yesterday?
“Oh, please don’t tell me what happened to her daughter,” Yaël rubbed her eyes. She suddenly felt exhausted. If there was one thing in the whole universe that didn’t describe Yaël, then it was being a goddess. Yet the woman kept staring at her hopefully, like she was waiting for Yaël to say she loved it. So, because Yaël wasn’t able to say anything to her, she put it on and slid the hood over her hair. The woman grinned, the tears in her eyes made Yaël swallow difficulty as she tried to smile back.
“How long have we been fishing?” Yaël asked her dad, as they were both sitting next to the lake. The moon was shining upon them, it’s refection danced in the water.
Twenty more minutes, the two men have been stuck in traffic. Following FRIDAY’s suggestions on multiple parking spaces, Tony finds somewhere to stop very close to their destination, which is where he heads to. Once the engine is shut down, Tony holds up his hand in a waiting gesture towards Steve, instructing him to stay into the car.
“Morning, Bruce!” Peter responds. Then he makes his way back to the breakfast table. They stay there for about fifteen more minutes before Peter hurries back into his room to get changed. With the hotel being close to the building they’re supposed to be, they all just go walking. Because of the weather Peter dresses for the occasion, pulling out a Spider-Man hoodie he once found in a shop in the streets and putting it on over his suit.
Peter turns around when he hears his name called out. A few times, he blinks. For one part because the sun is almost literally blinding him, but secondly because he’s not really sure who is talking to him. It takes a few seconds for him to place the neat brown hair and the dark blue eyes of Felicia. It’s strange, just for a second her voice sounded like that of… no way, not possible.
recall Steve saying something about having to head back to the academy. He at least thought they’d have a whole day together, but half a day is just as good.
“Tony,” Steve whispers back, leaning forward to kiss him on the lips, soft and sweet. He shifts his hips, tries moving a bit faster. Tony just grunts, turning his head to the side and wrapping his arms around Steve’s shoulders.
It’s about five in the morning when the phone starts ringing. Steve’s lying on his stomach; the sun isn’t even seeping through the blinds. His room is completely dark, with no other sound getting in.
“Tones? What are you doing?” he asks in confusion. Tony sniffs for a moment, squeezing his eyes shut. They feel wet, stinging already. But he won’t cry. He can’t.
Tony stands still for a moment, staring at his slumbering partner in the bed. He blinks a few times, wondering if this is what’s on Steve’s mind most of the time.
“I, uh, right now I’m kind of alright,” he says. The man nods, and the other two doctors start writing things down. When the nurse, Lisa, enters the room as well, she throws him a big smile and a thumb’s up. Dr. Palmer, meanwhile, walks up to him and pulls out a stethoscope, pressing it against Tony’s chest and asking him to take a few deep breaths.
“Wait, you have an Aunt?” he asks, curious. He thought that all of Tony’s remaining family was dead – except, of course, for Peter, that is. Tony, who is busy straightening his shirt, only nods. He puts his tablet down on the table.
“Yaël, get up!” Mr. Rogers calls out, knocking once more. When there’s still no answer, the man sighs and opens the door to get inside. Peter decides to look away, fishing out his cellphone. At first he thinks of checking his Facebook, but instead he decides to just start up a little game of Solitaire until they’re back.
“C’mon, let’s find these people,” she says, suddenly getting into a run. Peter watches her go – his eyes lingering for a little bit – before he shakes his head and clears his throat.
“You know where to find me, I’m always here. You got the samples, you bring them to me, and I’ll tell you in fourteen days’ time,” she then reveals, pulling out the last shard and starting to clean the wounds before starting to stitch them up together. Peter still doesn’t feel anything of it.
It’s around half through the third week that Pepper Potts actually came up to find Mr. Stark, only to see that he
“You aren’t anymore. But in my world, you are. You live together, you love each other. You’re a family, you have a son together,” Peter says. He’s not going to specify that
Tony Stark’s familiar voice asks through a small intercom that is installed all over the floor. Peter’s pretty sure Tony’s got images on Peter standing there, still in his suit, waiting to be allowed inside.
“Then why don’t I believe you?” Steve asks. Tony sighs, pulling his hand away and leaning up on his elbows until he’s sitting. With a smooth turn, he throws his legs out of the bed and gets onto his feet. The floor is warm underneath him. It’s pleasant.
“Steve, could you maybe ask Barton to head over to Rhodey’s to take over dogsitting? We need the guy here.”
Everybody looks at Tony like he’s crazy, and for a moment Tony even believes it. He scrapes his throat again, not caring if it hurts from doing that too much.
Gwen shrugs. “It was mostly accidental. It doesn’t like loud, high noises. Bells, metal tubes, whatever you can think of.”
“Right, thanks J,” Peter mutters, feeling nostalgic as he hears JARVIS’ voice again. He’s so used to it belonging to Vision now, that it’s a bit confusing.
“You’re staying here?” he asks. Peter nods with a smile. Tony holds up his thumb, and then gets himself to the door. After he’s out, the guard gives Steve a confused look before closing the door behind them. Steve lets out a long breath.
He walks until he’s past the duster bin, where he finds a figure seated on the ground with their back against the wall, head fallen forward. The suit he’s wearing is ripped at some parts, though his mask seems to still be fully on.
“Sure you are, son,” Tony returns. When Peter reaches out to hug him, Tony indulges him without hesitation. “You are the best thing that’s ever happened to me. Never forget that, kiddo.”
“We are working, kid,” Mr. Stark asks, fishing out his sunglasses and putting them on, despite there being no sun at all. Then he smirks towards Peter, showing his bright white teeth. “Besides, I’m the boss, nobody’s going to tell me what to do.”
“I might have had feelings for somebody else? I don’t really know, it might be shitty of me, but I thought that being with Harry might make me forget about the guy.”
“Well, first you are getting in that suit of yours, and then-“ Tony continues whispering the rest of his plans in Steve’s ears, completely aware that Steve’s probably blushing so hard he’s almost as red as a strawberry.
Toomes nods nervously, rubbing his painful wrist, his face red. He looks genuinely scared. Good, that’s what Steve was aiming for.
Meh, who cares! Maybe drinking some more would help to get the image of the cab driver and his daughter playing in the garden, an image she created herself, out of her head. A familiar song started playing. The volume went louder as Yaël saw people gathering around someone. Yaël dived into the crowd and tried to get more to the front.
Here we go! I don't know what came over me, but something towards the end of the chapter came out of my fingers before I even really realized it. I never intended to go that way when I wrote down the baseline of the story, but on the other hand it made perfect sense to me.
His hands start to tremble after only an hour of sitting behind his workbench. He stutters whenever he’s trying to ask Dum-E for something. He’s sweating underneath his clothes – he already took off the suit within the first half-hour of being here, feeling too hut underneath it.
I would first of all like to thank Caspinn! I'm sorry I've been bugging you with ever little suggestion about this story. She's not a Steve/Tony shipper, and the fact that she agreed to collaborate on this story with me, to allow this story to be a part of hers, means so much to me. As it is, I'm sorry I put you through all this fluff and mushy stuff, but I'm sure you've survived given that we're still spending New Year at my place ;-)
Peter told Gwen immediately. He didn’t know why, he just needed to confide in someone, he felt alone in this whole ordeal. So Gwen was the first person he showed it to. She was a science-geek, she probably could help figure it out.
“Oh,” Yaël answered, “You want to look at it then, I swear, it looks gory as hell!” Loki grinned as he held the door open so she could roll through it.
Hela grabbed Yaël’s throat before Brunnhilde or Thor even had the chance to jump onto his sister. As soon as Hela pulled Yaël closer, recognition flashed in her eyes, followed by a smirk.
“Who is that beautiful girl there?” he asks in a whisper. Both Peter and Ned turn to where Harry’s looking at. Peter’s eyebrows go up when he finds MJ on the receiving end of that stare. MJ, who is walking their way with her hair pulled up messily and blowing a bubble with chewing gum. She’s holding her plate with lunch, and probably comes to take her usual place at their table without bothering to talk to them much.
“Oh, nothing much. Your dad just has a nasty stomach-flu, is all,” Rhodey explains, laughing about it. Bucky, too, snorts, shaking his head. Peter just frowns.
FRIDAY says, and Tony rolls his eyes at her sarcastic tone. She’s much like JARVIS when it comes to that.
But Charles doesn’t say anything. He just holds up his thumb and nods. Tony clears his throat before nodding as well.
And after Pepper broke his heart like he suspected, and then took the first plane back to Malibu (because she’d already packed her things while he was gone), Tony just sat there, thinking back of the way she kissed his forehead before she left; a clear sign that she still loves him as much as he loves her, but that the love is just not strong enough.
Tony is very pleased with Peter’s work. He tries hard, does his best, and shows much promise in everything that he does. Every time Tony thinks that he’s given him the impossible – well, impossible for a teenage kid or any ‘normal’ person but not for him – the kid keeps on proving him wrong by doing just that.
“I’m not surprised,” Clint laughs out. “Listen, kid, I would suggest asking the supreme Tonypedia of them all. The one who has been buying him gifts for the past ten years or so?”
“Shit, sorry!” she muttered as she immediately took a brush and a towel to clean everything. Charles chuckled.
“I know, and a gentleman should take care of his drunk boyfriend, don’t you think?” Tony asks him playfully. Steve hums out again.
“My dear friend, we do not need a wedding to get drunk!” he calls out. “Besides, Jane cannot drink.”
“No that’s okay, Mrs. Potts doesn’t make appointments for Mr. Stark anymore since she became C.E.O. of Stark Industries. I’ll just schedule in your appointment and all will be done,” the man says. Peter figures he should be looking for a name at least, so he starts looking at the man’s clothes, only to find that there’s no name-tag or anything.
Here they are; two people suffering from depression who also happen to be father and son, holding each other in a loose embrace that makes Tony shiver. Never once has his father held him like this. Howard never even kissed him goodnight or gave him a hug when they saw each other again after a long time. Now, standing like this, Tony never really realized he doesn’t ever want to let go at all.
Yaël closed her eyes for a second, trying to get rid of the helpless feeling that was taking over. When she opened them again, she was staring into the eyes of a dead man, laying right in front of her. But it wasn’t Cem, it was Raido again.
“You okay, Steve?” she had asked. Steve had nodded, but didn’t really know what to tell her. “You sure?” she tried further.
find out – especially when the villain is a symbiote that used to possess you for weeks. And when they find out, they’ll do stupid things to lure the hero to their scene for the battle.
back when you were still with Pepper, and we had to constantly hear it. You could at least indulge us so I can collect my money.”
“Got the call in this morning – The Fantastic Four were planning on taking care of it but they asked for back-up about half an hour ago when he moved back to the tower,” Cap says, readjusting his helmet and taking a deep sigh before removing his shield from his back straps. Then he nods towards Peter. “Thanks for the lift, Spider-Man. Now make sure you stay out of trouble. Wouldn’t want you getting hurt.”
It’s nearing the end of May, now, and finals are getting closer again. Of course, Peter knows that he’s going to nail every test, and he’s almost certain that he’s raised up his points enough with this internship. Even the teachers seem positive that he’s going to pass his year, which is why he’s not really worried about it anymore.
They’re aware of Johnny, though never having met Felicia or Shuri everybody gets a bit interested. At least they thought of not telling them Shuri’s actually the Princess of Wakanda. Shuri, that sneaky snake who is gaining way too much information on Peter right now.
“But, you know, it’s a good thing. I mean, the more guards that are down already, the quicker all the slaves, I mean, “gladiators”, can be released,” Korg didn’t even sound a tad bit nervous, the freaking optimist. Yaël rolled her eyes. He finally found the right buttons, apparently, because he pushed a few.
“Hey, man,” Yaël couldn’t help but let out a chuckle while hearing Korg’s typical introduction in the middle of a freaking war. “I’m Korg, this is Miek. We jump on that spaceship and get outta here, wanna come?”
“Oh crap, did we- you know?” Yaël asks. Peter doesn’t answer. He presses his hands against his eyes, and lies back down on the pillow, afraid to face the day. He doesn’t even know how late it is; he probably should have been at the tower hours ago!
“I’m fine! So before you say anything else, tell me which planet we’re on,” she knew she sounded a bit arrogant, but she didn’t want to wait and risk waking up again.
Her first few days as a teacher were almost done as it was Thursday-afternoon already. Arts was almost over, so Yaël started packing her stuff and told the kids to bring her their works, so she could file those per student. There were a few outstanding works, she noticed as the students kept bringing her drawings before they walked out. One drew a beautiful detailed hummingbird flying through a triangle and another sketched an elephant standing on a small cube. Wade was the last to bring her his masterwork.
That’s why she has the best room in the building. It has the perfect view. It’s not too hot in the summer, but also not too cold during the winter. The heating works perfectly here, and the staff is considered amongst the best in Washington.
“Why would I want to go to briefing right away? If I arrive late, maybe it’ll already be finished when I get there.” He fishes out a piece of candy from his pocket and props it into his mouth. “So who was that Gwen he was talking about? A friend? A girlfriend?”
They sit down on the couch, add live-commentary on Harry’s and Ned’s gaming skills. A few times, Peter joins in on the conversation happening next to him. He’s about to get a new drink when FRIDAY speaks up.
Peter takes the flip-phone out of the package, looking it over. He’s never worked with this kind of thing before, but he remembers Aunt May having one once. Trying out a few buttons, he manages to turn on the screen eventually.
It’s just that he’s been using India as an excuse to get some other business finished. Though, after Peter’s stunt of falling in the lake surrounded by a drowning parachute, Tony realizes he can’t stay here for
Violins start playing and Steve suddenly pulls Tony out of his chair, starting a dance as well. It’s a bit awkward since Tony doesn’t know the steps at all, but while Steve continues to lip-sync, his eyes never leave Tony’s.
“Tony, you’re not making any sense,” Steve returns, sounding confused. Tony sighs and gets himself out of bed. He ignores the fact that he’s naked, just walking around in the room as he tries to get his words straight. How can he explain this well?
have an awesome son,” Tony corrects him before putting the present down again and turning back to Steve. Before Steve can say anything else, they both can hear the first few footsteps in the hallway. Somebody’s up.
“Oh, hey Daisy,” Steve says, not at all appearing nervous. He’s a good actor, Tony figures. “This is, uh… Iron Man? Yeah, I just found him stopping some crimes on the streets and I figured he could be a help.” Steve shrugs. Tony keeps his lips tightly sealed, afraid that people could recognize his voice. He shortly closes his eyes, focusing on his suit. Change the voice modulator, make it sound more metallic. Avoid being recognized.
“What?!” Steve almost shouts. Yaël on the couch stirs a bit but doesn’t wake up. Good. “No! How could you even think that?!”
Opening the drawer a bit further, he finds something that looks like the arc reactor. Not the same one Peter built. More like an older, rougher version. Carefully, Peter takes it in his hands, surprised that it’s still warm.
He frowns, then. He can’t remember that he’s been having it difficult to breathe? He doesn’t let go of their hands, but does try to take a deep breath. It’s as if he hasn’t been breathing at all since he’s here, because taking that gulp of air suddenly brings him into a coughing fit.
When she looked to her side, she saw Loki’s face turn even more pale than it already was. An odd duo, Yaël and Loki were. Err, no, they weren’t a duo. He was just going to bring her back to earth if they both survived this and then he’d probably leave again immediately.
“And you know,” Yaël poked her finger against his chest “I can defend myself against her just perfectly.” Charles doubted for a second. It seemed like he tried to make a decision depending on how much he believed she was able to fight back as he was staring at her.
“Big monster!” Hulk countered, sounding pretty much like a disappointed child who can’t go into his favorite attraction.
“Let me just say that, at first when I arrived there, I though I didn’t want to leave anymore. But then I met the other you. And I realized I didn’t want to have the role I had in your life. I couldn’t just be uncle Steve to you.”
Tony lets out a relieved breath. He hates nothing more in the world than board-meetings. Especially when they’re here to talk about the fact that he hasn’t been bringing much on the market lately. To be fair, he’s been inventing his proper share of things in the past year, but it’s mostly Avengers-stuff that the public should not receive. Tony isn’t sorry for it, he
The three of them had been watching some series as Yaël told Wade and Wanda it was a bit of a shame that Peter had no time for them anymore. Not to talk bad about her friend, but it did hurt her a bit though, and what Wanda said after that didn’t make her feel better.
And Steve watches as Thor puts the whole outfit together. There are two different colors of red. They remind Steve a bit of the two different colors of blood; the arterial blood, and the normal blood. The one is more bright, but Steve, personally, prefers the darker variety. It might be because it’s the same tint they’ve used on his own uniform.
And this is it, isn’t it? Mary, who finally seems to believe him, studies him really hard. There’s this unreadable expression on her face that he can’t quite place. It’s weird how fifteen years apart can put them so out of sync.
Which they’ve clearly done. Passing the book along to Tony, the engineer opens it up to cast a quick look inside of it.
“You know what, Johnny? How about you go suck on a lemon for a change and leave me the fuck alone, huh?”
“Not that we don’t like happy reunions, but I’m sure it’s warmer inside than here,” she assures them. Tony and Steve laugh, and the other nod before starting their way back inside. A short look at Yaël and he finds her nodding towards the great hall again, where Peter’s headed to.
Oh, great. That’s Liz. Peter turns around to face the girl, noticing rather quickly that she’s taller than him, though only slightly. Her dark skin shines a bit from sweating, and she licks her lips the moment she joins up with him.
“Uh, I’m just wondering how I’ll get to open this thing,” Peter mutters, taking the gauntlet from the floor to see if there’s any damage. Of course, Mr. Stark wouldn’t invent crap, so that drop wouldn’t leave a dent in the metal.
? He thinks. He’d thought he hadn’t completely fucked his liver up yet, but as it seems his couldn’t handle it anymore, right? He closes his eyes, and just wishes for it all to be over soon. With Pepper and Happy next to him, for a moment, he decides to just forget the world.
That’s when Peter finally pulls back, suddenly realizing what that one thing was he was forgetting about.
“Guys! There’s a seventeen-year-old girl here! Show some respect!” Steve almost shouts at them. But Wanda just snorts at that.
“You heard about the explosion in Midland Circle, right?” she asks. Tony nods, remembering reading about it this morning. He asked Vision if he would take a look, but according to him there wasn’t anything there to be found anymore. The only news he had to give was the passing of Daredevil – the guy who had disappeared for a while but only returned for this last gig.
“I need you to believe me, Steve,” Tony begs. Instead of talking more, he puts up all the other stuff he can find. Video footage of them at the gala, an interview with the Avengers, taken when Iron Man rejoined the team again officially. The footage of the aftermath of the (second) infinity war…
Wanda mutters into his ear, and Peter hums out in understanding. He should have known that finding the ultimate super-spy will be the most difficult task there is.
do the thing that keeps you sane? That you try, but you keep on being interrupted because you can hear footsteps from other people so many rooms away?”
“You’re such a hypocrite,” Peter bites out. Finally, confused, Tony’s angry look disappears and makes place for one of confusion. “You two, you go out on life-threatening missions even more than I do! Last time you ended up in the hospital! You didn’t see me cause a scene after that!”
That morning she had received a text from Steve, saying he and the team were going on a mission again, this time all the way in Lagos, where-ever that was. Only Vision and Rhodey stayed at the compound, while Stark, being retired from the Avengers, stayed in the tower instead, as usual. Yaël hadn’t even seen the man walk around in the compound in the two months after she got there, which was a great addition for her plan.
A blaring alarm interrupts her as she speaks. Peter and May put their hands on their ears, startling when all of the sudden the door flies open. Storming inside are Tony, followed by Natasha and Rhodey.
“H-hey, don’t pull me into this argument! I’m the neutral party, here,” he protests. Tony then rolls his eyes and takes back off his vest, throwing it onto the counter before taking place on the couch again.
Holy shit, that’s way too much information. As the thoughts go through his mind, all kinds of images of Natasha pass through his head, showing her from all the way back in 2010 to now. Jesus, has Natasha really changed that much?
Just a quick thing I had in my mind. I indicated in Something About Peter that Peter might not be so extremely comfortable around the idea of sex, and in combination with his lost memories of him and Felicia, Peter's not really dealing with it well. I think Natasha will gladly take on the roll of aunty-spider and help her little nephew through his crisis!
Yaël thought. She remembered them chilling together in a sofa, just reading a bit. And him telling her she should eat more vegetables. She also remembered wandering around between some trees, fiddling with some leaves, as he passed her twenty times during his morning-jog. She also thought back about a small argument they had about one of his friends she had slept with. What was his name again... ?
Peter presses his lips together. He never really heard Natasha talk about her past. The only one really knowing about it being Bucky, who was there, and Tony who got to read her files but never shared what he actually read out of respect for her.
She’s saying something, but what, Peter can’t understand. It doesn’t matter, anyway. Slowly, the darkness starts surrounding him, but the further he drifts away into sleep, the less heavy his body gets, until, eventually, he’s feeling like he’ s flying into the sky.
Then he drops down on top of Tony, breathless, unable to move any more. Tony feels empty, wasted. There’s no possible way for him to get away from this spot for probably the next few hours. But he still tries. With a lot of effort, he gently pushes Steve away from him, rolling him over until he’s on his back as well, putting his hand on his chest. Looking over at the ceiling, watching the fan turn in its regular cycle, realization hits him.
“Let’s skip a few days, shall we? I think we’re on the exact right spot now. Look around and tell me when you know what to do.” He walked towards a tree and sat down at its roots while leaning against it casually, keeping an eye on her like he expected her to suddenly remember her whole life. Yaël looked around, but all she could see was trees and bushes. “You know, you once had this friend here on Helvegen,” he told her while putting his arms behind his head “His name was eh…Horse? No, Gallop… No, I think it was a name in Norwegian. Of course it was, English doesn’t exist here. Maybe it was Hest or-”
“So, uh, that party you’re planning. Will it be at the tower?” May easily deflects the conversation. Peter shakes his head.
“BONZAI!” Yaël thought she’d get a heart attack when Wade jumped from behind the sofa. She didn’t even get the time to think about how the heck he got in (afterwards she remembered he had made a spare key), before he pulled out something little from his pockets. That little thing happened to be a pull bomb.
“The team, everything. They were family, and now they’re gone. And it’s been hard on both of us, because Peter was actually friends with Wanda, and Natasha’s gone, too, and then there’s Steve-“
“I used to live here…” she mumbled to herself. The man, who decided to sit down for a minute while she looked around, stayed silent. “Who lived here with me?” Yaël turned around and saw that black-head eating a pear from the big basket of fruit standing next to the old, comfy-looking chair he was sitting in. So he was kind of stealing her pears now?
“Fine! Steve, I’m breaking up with y-“ but he can’t finish the sentence. Here they are again. Fighting. It’s all they’ve been doing lately, isn’t it? Yet he still can’t fucking say it.
“Steve isn’t going to keep you a secret forever. He’s just been raised to see it as wrong, so his morals and his feelings continuously contradict themselves. He’s been thrown out of time, he hasn’t gotten
. After that, he tucks the phone back into his jacket right before another punch is landed on his face.
The two move inside the floating circle. Even going through it, it doesn’t feel like they’ve been travelling who knows how far. It’s more like they’re just going to the next room. There, in what seems like an abandoned underground bunker, stand a few of the remaining Avengers. Tony can see Barnes with Natasha, Thor, his brother Loki and Peter’s friend Yaël. Then there’s Scott, Wanda, Rhodey, the Guardians... There’s no Pepper, no Clint or Sam, or T’Challa. The Fantastic Four have been missing for a long while as well.
You said that you would accept it if I’d say the words. And I did, and now you’re still following my ass all around like a kicked puppy!”
“Come on, Yaël,” Hilde said calmly, but Yaël noticed she had fun in the conversation. “They just have to grow on you, just as you have to grow on them. It works in two ways, you know?”
“Alright, see you then,” Peter says, and after a quick goodbye from Tony, the two hang up again. Peter quickly hides his phone away in his pocket, and then starts heading back inside. The other students already start piling up at their lockers, always in a hurry to get to their next class. Peter ignores them all, instead searching for Ned and finding him rather quickly.
Of course, it’s just his luck when the elevator makes a stop on Wanda’s floor. And then on Vision’s floor. And then Natasha and Bucky’s floor. Of course, let’s not forget Bruce’s floor, either.
“Let’s just agree to be better friends to each other, huh?” she said to him. Peter nodded, and they even shook hands to that.
It’s rather fun, lying in bed, hands on his stomach, eyes on his boyfriend who is looking over the red and gold fabric of the robes. They’re both very much undressed, knowing full well that they’re not going to
Errr, shit, Yaël was kind of trapped in that one. Quickly she pushed a big spoon of peas into her mouth again. If she went to the school, she must have met Scott there, right? So Yaël nodded again, only to realize that she could’ve put herself into a corner again. Hopefully they didn’t ask her about the course Scott gave or about homework or anything. She surely wished he taught her how to take a bus a while ago.
“It’s nothing, really,” he lies. “He’s just been forgetting that we’re no longer together, and he keeps on calling and giving me pet-names. But I understand how that could happen, now. His brain is just… fried…”
“Where are Dad’s other arc reactors?” Peter asks, turning the thing around and inspecting the cables attached to it.
Yaël closed her eyes for what seemed like just a second. The thing she unwittingly did with Bucky on quiet moments like these, was winding a lock of his hair around her finger. So when she felt actual hair between her fingers, her eyes flung back open again. She looked up to check how uncomfortable Peter was feeling about her invading his hair, but it seemed like he hadn’t noticed.
They’re in the tower right now, at first it had just been the two of them, but after half an hour of being here Vision eventually came up. Peter almost wants to ask when the babysitting shifts will be over, but eventually he figures that it’s not really his decision. Besides, Vision is not too bad for company; he’s always reading, or trying to cook. Sometimes he adds some complicated stuff to whatever Tony is talking about, but other than that he doesn’t interfere.
“Well, well, look what the cat dragged in,” a voice suddenly says from somewhere behind him. Peter jumps up, almost throwing himself over the edge with the sudden movement. Making a quick turn, he’s suddenly faced with a light-haired girl in a mask, wearing a leather suit that looks like the sexier-version of Widow’s uniform.
“Well, I need to give the kids some time to choose and reschedule some stuff, so…the day after tomorrow. Please stop looking at me as if you’re going to throw the chessboard at me.”
She noticed it as soon as she walked out of the Tower. A group of people from across the street were whispering to each other while staring at her. The bus came immediately, so Yaël didn’t have the chance to keep on analyzing them. But once she got on the bus, a random dude frequently ‘subtly’ aimed his phone at her direction, like he was trying to take a picture of her. What the hell was going on with these people? Was it because of her weird purple and blue hair?
Another dozen of prisoners joined them with loud cheering, some of them even had tears in their eyes. What a life had they been through, locked up, forced to kill others just for the pleasure of the Grandmaster and his audience. Yaël only had to do it once, but some of these people had been here for years.
The first morning gives Tony the scare of his life. When he heads towards Peter’s room to get his son out of the crib, he only finds that Peter’s no longer in there.
“Hey Tony! Hi Wanda!” Peter says, throwing his bag at his desk before running towards where his father is standing. The man just waves lightly, but Wanda waves back. She drops her magazine and walks to Peter, already holding out her arms.
“Their son is dead in this universe. I’m not going to break their hearts even more,” he admits. “I suppose we should get to Strange, get me back to my own world, huh?”
He’s already met plenty of other people here, though. There’s MJ, a 28-year-old girl who studied for arts but ended up becoming a journalist instead, Ned, a geeky guy who seems to be just as enthused about heroes as Miles is, and Peter Parker. Now that last guy, he’s pretty much a mystery. First there’s the fact that he’s having this on-again-off-again relationship with MJ (and currently they’re on ‘on-again’, which’ll probably not last for too long). Next to that, Peter’s like super smart. He graduated from Empire State University with Biochemistry and even went to MIT for a bit, though what he did there Miles isn’t too sure about. Next to that, Peter has this strange talent of disappearing at the oddest of times, much to everybody’s annoyance.
“Okay, is there something else I should know?” This made Wade finally look up from the TV. Yaël failed miserably at hiding how she felt. Of course, Wanda already noticed her friend was trying her best not to be pissed off.
“The dude has already created invitations for our supposed ‘wedding’. I know because he felt the need to text me this about half an hour ago,” Peter says, picking up his cellphone and showing the text to the open air. Gwen won’t be able to read it because she’s just not there.
“Hey,” he greets her in return. Jezus, does his voice really sound this horrible? He scrapes his throat.
Dr. Thatch nods before dropping her pencil down. She takes her glasses off, and leans forward a bit.
“Good thinking,” Hawkeye tells him, saluting him in greeting before fishing out another arrow. Widow thanks him for the quick reflexes. Peter just shrugs, not finding it that weird for him to notice things like that so quickly.
“If you’re trying to blackmail me by saying you’re going to kill Wade, I can assure you you’re going to have a hard time.” Another punch, but Yaël could take it, she just kept on staring her sister in the eyes.
“Okay, and what do I have to do with it?” X smiled in such a way, Yaël knew for sure the answer was going to freak her out.
Peter checks on his Dad real quick, just to make sure everything is still alright. Tony assures him that he’s fine. He might have accidentally broken another glass, and Brunnhilde might have thrown hers on the ground yelling for another drink, but other than that everything’s fine.
Yaël didn’t have to think for too long, but she wasn’t sure if she wanted to tell him those things…they freaked her out. When she looked back at the man in front of her, she noticed his patience. How did she deserve a man as charismatic and sympathetic as him to help her while she didn’t even dare to say what she saw?
“He’s asleep for now,” Tony says. Right now, in this instance, all he wants is to lean towards him, but there are two things holding him back; the first being May still standing in the same room with them, and the second the uncertainty of what exactly they’re supposed to be towards each other.
“Well, count to ten in Norwegian for me!” Yaël laughed, this was so weird, a few hours ago, she didn’t even remember that she had another mother tongue.
“What did he break and how much is it worth?” Tony then asks. He wonder show much money he’s already lost ever since Peter came into his life. The kid breaks things faster than anybody possibly could. If it’s not the gigantic amount of backpacks Tony needs to buy again and again, it’s the constant repairs he needs on his suit after messing something up again, or the fact that he’s lost his phone again, or his computer.
“No!” Peter starts, shaking his head. The tears are threatening to fall down, but he still keeps them back. “No, no, no! Please!”
“No, we decided not to do that yet. At least not until I’ve graduated, though we’re going to be thinking about that again afterwards.”
Suddenly, there’s somebody grabbing his other hand. With a quick look he sees it’s Steve. He’s back! Good! That’s just… great. His two favorite people holding on to him, both of them giving him a calm smile.
“I just figured out my dad wasn’t really my dad, and there’s a slight possibility that my real dad is still alive, and now I’m waiting for the DNA results,” Peter suddenly said. Did he say it to make her feel better about her mind-error?
“Is it alright by you if I check your eyes for a moment?” she asks. Tony nods, letting the woman point up the pen – which is a light, he’s already figured. But the doctor doesn’t shine at all, just taking one quick look at Tony’s eyes before lowering the light again. “The white of your eyes appear yellow, Mr. Stark.”
Awaiting them in front of the school – while still nervously holding the Iron Man case – is Happy, former bodyguard of Tony Stark who has now taken back up the role for some reason even Tony can’t really explain. Tony greets his friend with a short greeting, and then hurries into the back of the car. Happy just puts the case back into the trunk.
Peter listens as he explains, at last, what happened in Siberia. The betrayal he felt when he realized Steve hadn’t told him about his parents. The hatred he felt for the Soldier that killed his parents; Peter’s grandparents.
The two walk together through the hallways until they get to a door that leads them outside. The beginning of the fall hasn’t reached Wakanda just yet, seeing that the temperatures still seem at its highest. It’s probably why T’Challa is walking around in nothing but a light pair of pants and a short-sleeved shirt. Tony wisely kept his coat inside, and rolls up his own sleeves.
How was she doing? She was nervous and stressed out from cleaning her apartment again and again, from trying to look decent and restart doing her make-up three times and from doing the laundry all morning. She felt her hands shake so she put her behind her back and answered with a smile.
“So, what’s next?” Rhodey then asks. Tony, without much effort due to Extremis (and the serum from Steve’s liver, though according to Bruce that amount has already diminished quite a bit) takes the box from the ground and carries it all the way outside.
But, Wanda did tell him that Stark has been living in the compound lately, rather than his probably very luxury penthouse at the tower. Could Mrs. Potts departure be the reason for that?
Rhodey lets him into the house without questioning. Tony’s pretty sure that May informed him about his arrival. After the usual questions of ‘is he alright’ and ‘what’s going on’, the two of them head towards the room reserved for Peter. It still has a few of unpacked boxes underneath the bed, which is where Tony suspects the journals are hidden under.
“No…I mean, there used to be another man I called ‘dad’, so it’s still kind of weird. I don’t know, maybe I’ll call Tony ‘dad’ later or maybe I won’t ever, it doesn’t really matter what I call him, right?”
“Visiting someone,” she answered dryly while walking to the exit. When she wanted to scan the card to get out, she got a red light. “Fuck!” she grumbled.
Steve is quiet when he steps forward. His arms are resting behind his back, and now he, too, is looking at the rain falling down on the landscape in front of them. There are a few people outside trying to run back in with their jackets high over their head. Tony wonders if he could excuse himself from going home with this weather, but Pepper wouldn’t buy that.
He’s on top of the opening in the roof. It’s a bit of a distance, but he can see enough inside of the building. He can vaguely remember that he’s currently in Bleecker Street. The building he’s currently standing on is one he’s been avoiding for a while, always getting strange vibes from it. At least now he knows why.
“Peter, meet the physiological illusion: Professor Charles Xavier!” Yaël said, remembering that Peter was flabbergasted when she once told him X helped her out with some stuff. Peter confusedly turned to X, Yaël could almost see the gears in his head turn. “He’s not here,” Yaël decided to explain “His just in your head, and in mine too, obviously.”
“And we’re glad you are,” Peter says. Tony hums in agreement, simply resting his head on Steve’s shoulder with his eyes closed. This is probably the happiest Peter has ever seen Tony. It’s a good sight.
“Why do you even care?” Yaël mumbled while pushing herself a bit up so she’d be able to lean against the cold, metal wall.
“Well, we still don’t know if you’re able to die since, you know, you survived quite a portion of smashing from the hulk,” he replied. Yaël rolled her eyes.
But they took care of Ultron after a while. Bruce disappeared, putting a damper on Natasha’s mood. Clint returned to his sister’s farm to help out a bit at the renovations. Thor went back to Asgard in search for the other ‘Infinity Stones’, so to say.
Tony sighs, and Steve chuckles, pulling him closer to him. He gives him another kiss on the forehead, looking back up at Peter who is seemingly trying out yoga-poses while hanging on the ceiling.
“Oh, Tony,” he says, voice breaking as he speaks. The moment he’s close enough, Tony grabs his face and mashes their lips together in a quick kiss.
“What if I take the suit?” he returns. Peter can go back to his old suit. At least, until he’s old enough to understand what he’s dealing with here. “I gave him the suit; it has many more possibilities than his original one. The problem is that he wasn’t supposed to have access to all of them yet.”
“Tony, I think you’re slightly overreacting! According to FRIDAY, the intruder didn’t stay in your workshop for more than three minutes before the bots forced them out.”
she asks for clarification. Tony just laughs and detaches the safety belt before reaching for the door.
“Tony! Oh my GOD!” Steve runs back out of the kitchen. Tony then sighs, pushing his chair back and following right after him.
“I remember getting your text…” Goddammit, what came after that? “I was heading your way to rip you a new one, but I don’t remember the details; I was kinda drunk,” she mumbled. Oh, wait, she also remembered him dancing to Umbrella.
Right… he’ll go on patrol later. First he needs to heal up a bit. So with a grunt he walks back to his room where he picks out his phone again. Then, searching for his previous calls, he selects Steve’s number again.
“Don’t touch him!” somebody’s voice says through the headphones. Peter realizes Hope was reaching out for him. It’s Shuri who’s talking, probably through an intercom. “The suit is going to attach itself to you! Peter has to repel it on his own!”
“HOW ABOUT YOU TWO KICK HIS ASS INSTEAD OF CRACKING JOKES?!” MJ shouts in the background. She’s on the stairs, still making her way down. With the walls removed, she has a perfect view of everything happening on the floor.
to tell him the truth. What’s holding Tony back to just announce their past few months together to the whole world?
Helen sighs but nods. “That is to be expected, yes,” she says. “We’ve looked over your blood results and compared it to your normal blood.”
“Oh, honey, you have shards in your body,” Tony notices, counting at least three shards that are stuck through his skin into his belly. Steve squeezes his eyes painfully.
“It looks great, but it’s almost nothing like how it used to be,” he states. Peter figures that the biggest building in front of them must be the royal palace. It’s strange, knowing that Thor lives there, being the King of this little… city? Country? What exactly is Asgard even? Isn’t it too small to call it a Kingdom? How does the rest of Norway even think about this?
easier whenever Peter is around, because then all Tony thinks about is not to disappoint the kid. He’s always too focused on Peter to even think about whatever is happening right now. Maybe Pepper just shouldn’t have said anything at all about the matter.
“You found mom’s journals, right?” the boy asks. Tony nods. “You know, then, that she somehow knew?”
It was a lot to take in for Peter, as she saw his eyes grew bigger and bigger with every part she added to her story.
Another chuckle escapes his mouth. Peter takes another deep breath. “Can you tell Steve that everything’s fine?”
“You talked? Or did Spider-Man talk?” she asks, avoiding the next punch and using her foot to throw him down again. Immediately, Peter jumps back up and shakes it off like it’s not too big a deal.
“Uh, it’s alright. As, uh, I was saying, uh…” After that, she continues with her facts. Peter only half-listens. He’s too busy staring at Tony’s hand, skin yellow in comparison to his own. He doesn’t like it, it shouldn’t be like this. Especially because Tony’s hand is shaking if Peter doesn’t hold it still.
But the thing was, that hoarse sound never went away. It costed her a little bit more effort to breathe while talking, but it wasn’t so bad that she couldn’t rattle or chatter anymore. Though, her voice sounded like it wasn’t completely hers. And then there was that accent, which was hers. She was completely sure about that, but why did she talk so differently than the other Americans and-
Dr. Cho had been surprised, indeed, but she accepted the sample without any question and with the promise that she’ll have answers in fourteen days. They agree on him returning here when the day comes, and then he’s off, finally getting out of the building.
Peter, though… he’s lost all control of his body. He hadn’t even noticed throwing himself on the ground, but here he is, grabbing at the black goo that is suddenly starting to come off his suit. It’s resisting, really hard. The suit tries to escape from the sound, but at the same time doesn’t want to let go. And Peter feels powerless, his ears about to explode from the noise.
Felicia heads on home after that. While Peter goes back to the apartment to get ready for the party Johnny mentioned, Felicia gives him another playful wink and clicks her tongue at him as a way of saying goodbye. Peter rolls his eyes but waves back as she jumps into the cab that just stopped for her.
And after that, Ross takes out a thick book. Dropping it on the table, Ben is the first one who gets a look at it. With his large hands, he tries to go through it, but eventually he gives it up, shoving it towards Reed.
“You seem a little defensive?” Tony says, trying to lighten the mood a little bit. Steve takes a few steps forward as well, keeping his shield in front of him. Tony is almost feeling insulted that Steve would think he would just attack him like that.
“I miss you. I miss you so fucking much, and I feel like I’m going to fall apart, but I know it’s my own damn fault. So, just… I’m not begging you to come back. I just- I didn’t… kick you out. Listen, I’m not making sense, but… When you’re ready, just… come home, okay?”
“Don’t worry, dear. There are enough cups in this place!” Yaël made a new coffee and some tea for X too. After she brought Scott the coffee, she sat down in front of Charles and cracked her fingers. Well, she had never played chess before. She was used to playing checkers, which she did with Wanda sometimes.
But eventually, Peter pulls back. He uses his sleeves to dry his tears away, and then he lets out an awkward chuckle. Tony just clears his throat, and the two take a step back, probably right on time before he lets out the famous ‘I am your father’-quote without thinking better of it.
problems in the past few months, he’s glad to just be quiet and take it all in. His friends have their own lives happening, their own issues and good things going on. Steve really wants to be a part of it.
“I’ll get my revenge, though,” Tony mutters out before pulling off the suit. He’s not going to keep it; it’s rather uncomfortable, and Tony’s sure he can make something much better at home. It could be funny to be Cap for Halloween. He might try and convince Steve to try out one of his suits.
“It’s never supposed to be easy, Tony. These things require work,” Steve tries to defend their relationship. Tony just shakes his head.
“Welcome back, Dad,” he says. Tony can’t speak, his throat hurts when he tries. So he just nods and blinks once. Then he turns to his left, where, much to his surprise, Steve is
“Now, if you’re ever interested in getting some self-defense classes, you come to me, okay?” Natasha reminds him. Peter nods. “Of course, not immediately. First see that you get that wound in your back all healed up!”
“Why not?” the doctor asked flabbergasted. Some dude with a bow once told her it itched like hell. What was his name again? She felt like a little kid who didn’t want to have an injection, but her memory really reported someone warning her for that treatment. So after a whole discussion about itching, Dr. Cho decided to let Yaël suffer a bit more than she should’ve and put away the cradle. Afterwards, Yaël stayed in that room for the night, because apparently they were still preparing her bedroom. Yaël didn’t really get why, because all she needed was a bed.
“Something I need,” the girl returns. She crosses her arms together and gives him an unimpressed look.
there has been nothing but bullying coming from that boy. He punches other teens, pushes them against the walls. Others come home
Peter doesn’t think anymore. In just a matter of seconds, Flash is on the ground again, hands pressed against his eye where Peter just punched him without really thinking about it. Peter’s fist hurts like hell, meaning that he surely didn’t hold back.
There’s a silence, lasting a couple of seconds before Tony calls out ‘fucking shit and starts pushing some more buttons. “What’s the damage, Friday?” Tony asks.
He doesn’t give Tony a warning, instead throwing an arm over his side and pulling him closer, pressing his back against Steve’s chest. Then, with his hand resting above Tony’s heart and his nose almost pressing against his hair, Steve seems determined to go to sleep.
So training with Clint would be her first real confrontation with someone she used to know, but doesn’t anymore. Of course she had already seen him and the other hang around in the building, but they were always busy, and she didn’t want to disturb them.
“Follow me.” Yaël got up and curiously followed Lopt. While they were walking, they didn’t really talk much. It seemed like he was thinking about something. It was weird to see him back, as the last time she saw him was when he saved her from her own grave.
“You can explain?!” Mary snaps, pulling up her phone and pointing it at Tony, where he can see a picture of himself above an article. The title says: ‘TONY STARK CONFESSES TO DATING CAPTAIN AMERICA’. “How can you explain this?! Now the whole world will butt their noses into our marriage even more! How can we keep on pretending to be a happy couple with this, Tony?”
Though this thing between them hasn’t been going on for more than a month, the way they’re acting now is almost as if they’ve just gone back to the very beginning. They’re awkward, almost even cautious around each other. In other words, they’re just acting like stupid teenagers that can’t get their heads out of their asses.
Peter’s almost literally a tomato when the elevator finally makes a stop at the penthouse, where apparently all of the Avengers present in the tower have decided to make their visit. Is there a mission? Is it just a social visit? Peter has no idea. He all but sprints out of the elevator with his suit still in his hands to escape from the eternal eyes of confusion. Coming across both Tony and Steve makes it even worse. He lets out a yelp and a shriek, not bothering to stay and listen to their surprised question of ‘What are you doing?!’ before he jumps into his bedroom and all but throws himself at his closet.
“Holy-!” somebody shouts before stopping themselves. It’s Bruce, who apparently didn’t expect for him to arrive here. Peter takes off the mask and throws Bruce a grin.
“How do you plan to get to know him?” the blue-haired girl next to him asks, and Peter turns his head again towards her. Yaël’s brown eyes look at him in genuine interest, but he fears that the answer is still not present in his mind.
There are a few things about last chapter that we feel like clarifying. Caspinn and I weren't really feeling our best about it, and we decided to just explain it. In case you want to read it, it's in the end notes of the previous chapter. Also, the story now has a banner! Check it out on the first chapter ^^
He could really use a talk with Steve now, a way to pull him back into reality. Somebody to tell him that it’s going to be alright. But Steve isn’t here, he’s in prison. Locked up because he wanted to help Tony, to save his life.
Eventually, he catches up. Grabbing her by the shoulder, he intends to stop her and turn her around. Instead, he finds himself unable to stop, throwing both of them on the ground. As if it’s a reflex for her, after they make a roll, the Cat kicks Peter away from her, but before she can make her escape Peter grabs a hold of her foot and holds her back.
“Ah, I was waiting for you!” Dr. Cho says the moment he gets in. He can barely close the door behind him before she’s already on her feet and walking towards the counter, where a big envelope is lying ready for him. There’s no name written on it – unsurprisingly. “I only got the results in this morning, these tests are always tricky, but with the latest Stark-tech at least it doesn’t take a whole month.”
“Okay,” he says. Peter gives it a short thought before putting a hand on the younger boy’s shoulder.
“I know you don’t like to hear it, but you’re not together anymore, Steve,” Bucky starts. “It hurts, I totally understand, but c’mon Steve…”
Yaël almost jumped up. She hadn’t noticed there had been sitting some kind of living rock next to her this whole time. “My name is Korg, I’m kind of the leader in here and I’m made of rocks, like you can see... But don’t let that intimidate you! Oh, and this is my friend Miek, he has knives for hands,” the rock, Korg, said, not sounding intimidating at all, while pointing at a small purple creature he was holding, oblivious to Yaël’s shock.
“We can add a picture of you and Dum-E, then. His name is very obviously written on his base,” Tony says calmly. “Now what should I say? That you do a
“And why would you think that I am?” Yaël asks, crossing her arms and leaning against the wall. Peter then shrugs.
“Welcome, I’m Peter,” he introduces himself. Then he points towards the others, mentioning their names. When he says Harry’s name, the boy smiles and waves back.
But, the idea that they bought a new couch just because they kind of scarred him a few hours earlier, and even had it freaking delivered to the penthouse before Peter even got home… It’s crazy, and it reminds him that, even though they don’t always
“Yaël!” she almost jumped out of her wheelchair when Brunnhilde called her. “There you are! Are you ready for the meeting? We’re going to have dinner first and damn I hope they found some good stuff to drink on this ship!”
It’s been a while since he’s had a good morning lie-in. Last time he woke up next to Steve… heck, he can’t even remember it. Living together, that’s not really a thing you think about; when will it be the last time?
That’s probably one of the biggest, unanswered questions in the world. Why are we alive? What is the point?
“It’s going to be a subtle gauntlet, easy to carry around. It’s to be worn as a bracelet,” he says, putting his hand through the sudden circle that appears on the hologram. Then he presses some sort of combination, and the bracelet opens up into a gauntlet. But not a complete one. The tips of his fingers aren’t covered at all, and it looks much slimmer.
Tony squeezes into Steve’s hands, lowering his eyes as he tries to figure out how exactly to explain this. He wants nothing more than for Steve to understand, but with how badly he can put it into words… The possibility is rather low.
“But you’re so comfortable,” he complains, though his words are almost not understandable. Natasha looks at them and snorts.
After staying away for almost five hours, Peter decides to just head back. He’s tired, he just wants to go to sleep, go back to a day where his biggest worry was needing enough points to succeed his classes. Things were pretty fun back then, if you count out the beatings Harry gave him during that time.
So after waking up too early and spending the entire day at the zoo trying to avoid the press and camera’s, Steve even came up with the bright idea to get dinner at a restaurant, to really spend the whole day together before Peter and MJ come to pick up their daughter again.
“Tony, calm down,” Steve comes in, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder to pull him back a bit. In return, Tony turns around and pulls away from him.
“Always am,” Peter says with a wink. Then he puts the mask back on and throws himself over the balcony. There’s a lot of things for him to think about tonight.
“Fellas, come on! Help me find something good that I can give Dad, okay?” Peter asks the bots. U rolls towards the fridge in a speed tempo, Butterfingers shaking its head up and down excitedly and Dum-E poking him in the side. Any outsider would think they’re severely malfunctioning.
It's another training excercise at the Compound. Everybody's wearing the same generic black uniform, no gadgets or weapons in sight. It's supposed to prepare them to work without their typical fancy tech Tony has prepared for them.
,” FRIDAY suddenly pulls him out of that one stare, and then the door is closed. Tony startles, shaking his head a bit before pulling his mask up again.
There’s no immediate answer coming from Aunt May. If she would have been a computer, Peter’s sure she would have just crashed from overload of input coming in. Somehow while he had been talking Peter managed to push the folders of both the subjects into Aunt May’s hands, but now afterwards he can’t really remember when he did that.
Tony eventually stops the car in front of the prison. The pair walks out, giving each other a short look before heading into the prison. There they’re being checked on weapons and other devices. Tony voluntarily hands in his gauntlet-watch. After that they’re being taken along through a series of hallways by a silent guard.
“I know, I got to tell my Dad! You need to call Happy Hogan, he’s my Dad’s head of security. And then you need to track my phone for me!”
Peter jumps up, ignoring the pain in his head. Much to his surprise the Black Cat remains standing there instead of running off again. Looks like she bored of it as well.
“A bar; he needed distraction, I needed distraction. It was a win-win, I suppose.” Then, after that, it’s quiet. Peter listens to their breathing, trying to figure out if they’re in sync, but realizing that her breathing is faster than his own. Then he focuses upon his heartbeat. If it’s really quiet, he can try and listen to hers, as well.
“My God, you’re getting slower by the days,” Tony mumbles towards the bot before patting it on the ‘head’. Dum-E looks up at him, poking him once more in the side.
Also, I'm putting up the first timestamp today! Go check it out if you're interested! It'll be a point of view of Steve to Tony going to the hospital!
“Peter threw up after having the MRI,” Bruce starts without needing any prompting. “Helen’s going to see if he can get any kind of food down, otherwise we’ll need to find another way to make sure he’s got enough nutrition.”
Before Yaël could even react to his question, a darker piece of the metal walls, that seemed to be the door, flew open. Two enormous guys looked at her, one of them smirked as he said: “Time for round one, little girl.”
Peter sighs before clearing his throat and shrugging. He wipes off a few drops of sweat while regaining his breath.
Pepper shakes her head. “No, they’re in New Asgard for some secret mission Thor asked their help for. Tony was supposed to go, but he was stubborn as always.”
Steve chuckles, then. “You know, Thor made us promise not to tell anybody outside of Asgard,” Steve explains. “But I guess he can’t really expect from me that I wouldn’t tell you.”
Shit, that’s his dad. Looking up at Jones in horror, Peter realizes she must put two and two together. She is a PI, after all.
“Oh, you know, just interested about my best friend, is all,” Steve says casually. Even Peter can see the lifted brow from Natasha. “And I might probably just get you back for that time you tried to play matchmaker back at SHIELD?”
“Well, anyway, I hope you make the team,” Sharon says, being ever so lovely as always. It makes Tony feel guilty for being so furiously jealous at her right now. Especially when she turns back towards Steve. “I’ll see you tonight?”
Things are slowly starting to make sense as they get through Richard’s notes, though still a lot of data seems to be missing. The journals Mary wrote have been put aside for the time being. On the first glance it didn’t seem to contain any information on the spiders. Given that they didn’t want to leave any trace, it would have been stupid to write everything down in detail.
“You guys know this was a gigantic failure, right?” Natasha asks, putting her hands on her hips. Everybody startles upon her reaction, surprised at the sudden outburst coming from the normally calm Natasha Romanoff.
Peter decides to bail for now. He’ll come back for Johnny, but he’s feeling like he’s wasting his time right here. He should instead just swing around town, see if he can be of use anywhere.
“In case you forgot the King of Wakanda is arriving in just two hours or so,” Pepper reminds him while Rhodey pulls the sleeping shirt from over Tony’s head with no shame at all. “In an hour the stylists will be here, so that means we have about that time to find Peter and get him to look decent as well.”
“So wait,” Yaël tried to understand it. “There are more of these stones and there’s, like, a weapon inside of me?” Some guy walked through the gates, hood over his head, hands in his pockets.
“Yeah, uh…” Peter frowned in confusion, clearly searching for a reason why Yaël was acting weird he looked up and saw Jason, who put his hand in the air to say hi. The frown quickly turned into a cheeky smile as he discovered what was going on. The kid was way too smart.
The real Yaël looked up and noticed the paint of the biggest painting, the one behind the king, started melting and dripping out of the fancy framework. It was the painting of the queen: Völuspá. The queen was a stern looking woman with an extremely pale skin and dark circles under her eyes. Her hair was painted very flatly and it looked as black as tar.
“Alright alright,” Tony agrees, sitting up with his hands up in defeat. “You’re right, I’m beating around the bush again. I know we need to talk, I just… it’s probably not going to be pleasant.”
To be fair, he mostly feels like he’s still about ready to puke at times, but other than that he’s feeling alright enough. He still has no clue what happened last night, but as long as he didn’t wake up with a random girl, he figures it can’t be that big of a deal.
Of course, the former case of her trying to comfort a student might also just be the reason for their avoidance of her, remembering how she suggested one of the kids to listen to some song she found online, causing for the kid to now have an immense fixation on Norse culture. The kid actually even switched into an ancient Norse religion despite the knowledge that the Norse Gods are nothing but Aliens, as well.
Ah, crap, Tony picked up. Peter makes more noise, but while he sees Tony’s face in front of him, all Tony can see is what Peter can see. So Peter makes sure that Tony can get a full view of everything.
“So you’re leaving?” he asks, knowing that, if they are, he’s not going with them. He’s not even near to be cleared for Iron Man again. Sure, he’s been taking his meds and his session with Dr. Wynedell earlier today hadn’t gone too bad, but his moods are still too unpredictable. He could still seriously hurt somebody if he were to lash out again. Mostly himself….
The black, wet looking hair, the chalk-colour skin, the dark circles under her eyes... Yaël had a flashback to the Throne Room of Helvegen, to one of the paintings hanging above the throne. Yaël forgot to hide for a second.
“No, no, no Spider-Man while you’re a baby, Peter,” Tony tells him, holding the small child in his arms. Peter gives him a confused look, holding his hand back to the wall. Tony shakes his head. “I said no.”
“Uh, apparently, so,” Peter huffs out. “But the problem is that Mr. Stark doesn’t know. And I don’t know how to bring it up with him without trying to sound like the kid that wants to pull a gigantic practical joke to become rich?”
“Alright, this isn’t working. I’m calling your aunt,” Yaël says. Before she can walk away, Peter grabs her arm.
“Yeah…A friend of mine walked in like an hour ago for an interview with Tony Stark, are they still busy?” The receptionist nodded, left his desk and guided her to an empty waiting area with comfortable chairs, somewhere in a remote corner of the first floor. He gave her some water and told her she could always refill her cup at the water-reservoir against the wall. As soon as the man left again, Yaël kicked off her shoes and let her ears fill with quietness.
“No,” he said as he grabbed her shoulder and pushed her softly away. “Don’t let this hold you back. Do whatever you feel like you need to do, she’s already gone. Besides, your cab has arrived,” he said calmly.
“Kind of, but you did impress Liz, so it seems,” she says, nodding towards the girl seated a few tables away from them. The moment she notices them staring, she looks away, back to her friends and pretending she wasn’t observing them. “You two did dance together
“Oh? Too bad, I’m not going to watch it alone. But maybe something else is on? I heard something about a new Predator-movie?”
He closes his eyes. How could this happen? How could he have just… done this? This is horrible, it’s probably the worst thing that could have happened between them right now.
“Of course, Peter, thanks for telling us,” Steve says, chuckling a bit when Tony squeezes his middle tighter. “Tell him we said ‘hi’, okay? And be careful!”
The smile he had on his face while talking to Vision is now gone, but much to Peter’s relief he doesn’t seem angry at all. He nods towards the seat next to his bed, and pushes his table aside. Peter can see that the little pot of pudding is already empty.
Peter snorts, but then he nods. “Of course,” he assures him. “He’s kinda like a Dad to me, now.” The jokes come out so easily, and luckily the man doesn’t seem to think further on it.
“He’s probably still doing his make-up,” Yaël added. Hulk shook from laughing, which kind of felt like an earthquake, so everyone in the area looked a bit startled at the green giant.
she asks the way she’s asked about the others as well. And while he told her that, yes, she could let them in, no he shakes his head.
“Some would say it brought our country closer to war,” Steve states. Tony lets out a deep breath and looks at the ceiling.
Steve then shakes his head before rubbing his hand over his brow. He marches back to the couch he had been sitting on, and then picks up his phone and starts dialing a number. Peter takes off the headphones, since they’re not really useful anymore right now. He gets up from his chair, gives Dum-E another pat on the head, and then starts walking towards Mr. Starks worktable.
“Whoa, what happened?” Sam suddenly asks, coming from somewhere behind Tony. Given the sound of a toilet being flushed, Tony figures he went to the bathroom.
With his hood pulled over his head and his phone back into his pocket, Peter opens up the window and expertly climbs out of it.
“Heya, kids, you two alright?” Peter asks. He doesn’t bother to wait until the Cat is back down as well. He starts running back to the window he came from, putting the kids down the moment he gets there.
“Uh, I’ve almost taken over earth and I’ve fought in the arena and partly lead the rebellion on Sakaar, those are the only two things I can think of that could somehow make me notorious,” Yaël shrugged.
Tony snorts, looking over at Peter after that. He holds out his hand and gestures him to come closer, which the kid does.
“Harry?” Peter asks. A small smile comes up on the other person’s face, but there’s no wickedness on there.
“I have a mild concussion, a couple of bruised ribs and a fractured leg. Nothing that can’t heal over time,” Strange grits out through his teeth.
Grabbing some of his dad’s spare clothes that always linger in the workshop, Peter removes the suit and drops it on the workbench. Suspiciously, he keeps an eye on the suit. Now that he’s no longer wearing it he feels… weaker? Is that possible?
“I know this wasn’t exactly something you or Steve could help me with,” Peter returns. He clicks his tongue while thinking about his words. “And you both seem to know that, otherwise you wouldn’t have involved Nat.”
“Peter, I can’t breathe,” he says, and Peter lets go. After loosening his limbs again, Tony hands Peter the keys to the car. “Here you go.”
While Steve gets to the gym, Tony decides to head to the common room. Maybe there’s somebody there he can say hello to. There’s no door, just the opening – Vision accidentally pulled it out when he was trying to use it for a change – so Tony wanders in easily, without any warning. On first glance, there doesn’t seem to be anybody in here.
“I’m pretty sure I’ll see you around,” Felicia had continued. “And, maybe perhaps… you would be interested in going out on a date?”
“Wait…this should work, I hope… ” he said as he pressed buttons on the small machine. Then he turned the screen towards Yaël. “Look.”
“No, you deserve the bed, I’ll take the sofa,” Yaël stood her ground.“You know you don’t have to wait for me to invite you to sleep over, right?” she asked him as they passed X and Scott and walked towards the dressing rooms. “You can just walk in and sleep whenever you want.”
Peter shakes his head. His hands ball into tight fists, and his breathing speeds up again. He can’t say it; he doesn’t want to seem so weak. He doesn’t want Mr. Stark to know him like this.
He feels a slight guilt at not giving Steve all the news about what’s happening. After all, Steve has always treated him right ever since they met. He’s never been bad to him, never angry, nor has he ever lied to him.
Besides, Peter’s got his own little team right here. It’s not an official thing, and by far are there any certain members. But with Harry having picked up the glider again, and Johnny having moved back in, they’ve found themselves patrolling more often lately. Johnny doesn’t go to parties as much, doesn’t bring back countless women like he used to. Harry isn’t held back by his past and has finally decided to do something with the power he’s given himself.
He can remember the first time he got to talk to Bruce Banner. It’s like every scientist’s dream to get a conversation with him, and goofy Peter Parker managed that – and not even as Spider-Man, no! It had been something with school, but it was mostly before he got well known about all this… Hulk-thing.
“Well, if you want a daddy so badly, you can call me ‘dad’. Daddy Deadpool, wouldn’t that be great?” Peter can see Yaël slap her hand on her forehead, and Peter just frowns at him, wondering what kind of sick bastard this guy actually is. But then, something else he said come to mind.
“It’s of course even better when you get said news by her sixteen year old son who came in to get a scholarship because his family, which by the way only consists him and his aunt, can’t afford college,” Tony adds, thinking back of the poor Peter, and wishing that he didn’t have to go through all those bad things.
“No, I don’t need a babysitter,” he protests. “Besides, the kid is going to be around most of the time.”
“You know, I only saw him once before, and I was just starstruck the entire time. I used to be such a big fan- I mean, I still am, but… yeah, things are different now I suppose.”
I don't know what I'm talking about, I'm watching the (original) Fantastic Four and I feel a need to add these characters more into the story. They've only been mentioned once or twice in the previous chapters.
Peter can’t read the rest of the article when it ends on the page. He’s sure there’s a continuation to it, but it’s not on the backside, and where-ever the journal is, it’s not here. Peter puts it back down and takes a step back from the desk, passing his hand through his hair while resting the other on his hip.
The way to the shelter is short. They already know them, recognizing them the moment they arrive. The services that are handing out food are always glad to see them. Without needing any prompting, the two just grab an apron and take place behind the table to serve along some soup. It’s just what they do.
Tony stays quiet again, but there’s shifting noises. Then footsteps; Tony is heading to the fridge and is taking out something to drink. Peter hurries towards the other side of the hallway, hoping that the man doesn’t see him.
“Then why didn’t you questiion it?” Tony asks. He doesn’t have his tablet near. Luckily, since Peter wouldn’t have wanted for him to see what exactly Peter missed during the nights he went on patrol without remembering it.
Harry just shrugs. “She said something about an Eddie? Something about him searching you out for the entire week but not finding you? Apparently, he’s branding you a coward for ‘running away from his fist’ or something like that.”
real, but I read that newlyweds were escorted to bed by at least six witnesses to make sure that… uh…”
“What?” Yaël asks, suddenly pulled away from whatever train of thought she was in. “Pffrt, no way! I’m fine.”
“FRI, still no sightings of Spider-Man?” Tony asks again, probably for the fifth time already since he came down here. After realizing the boy had left the building, he and Steve had put their argument on hold. Instead of continuing it and talking it through, Tony just locked himself in his workshop after failing to bring Peter back home.
Had Loki been looking for her? Why was he here? Yaël stared through a slit in the stones while rapidly packing her stuff. Loki and Thor walked towards the old man and each stood by his side, Loki with some hesitance, also looking at the sea for a little moment. Maybe Loki wasn’t here for her, maybe Yaël was just here with unfortunate timing.
“There are still some tests being made. You, on the other hand, are going to be getting better now. I just wish I had been here sooner so I could have used the cradle,” she admits. Tony nods at her, telling her it’s okay. She couldn’t have known after all.
Tony blinks for a few times and then nods. He wonders why Pepper, Happy or Rhodey aren’t a match? They haven’t been injected with Spider-venom, right? Or… wait, he’s not thinking straight. This has nothing to do with the venom. It’s about blood. Pepper’s B+, so is Happy, only negative. Rhodey’s AB like Peter. They’ve told him this.
“Dude, he’s like…twelve!” she countered, taking in the boyish look from the kid. His hair was brown and messy, he was scrawny, almost looking… weak?
“My friends! My lovely friends! Back together! I’m the happiest Pool in the world!” he shouts out. Peter rolls his eyes, but figures this is not so bad. So he takes in the hug and closes his eyes. Things are about to get much better after this all.
“I don’t know,” the man admits. Now that Tony’s really looking, he can see how tired Steve really is. His eyes drop shut every few seconds, and his hair is messy. He looks like he’s been here all night without taking a moment to rest. “The kid, Peter, I think he hacked FRIDAY or something. Suddenly she opened the door.”
Tony asks without even bothering with a greeting. The way he sounds it’s clear that he’s keeping himself busy with whatever he’s working on this time.
But the man… now that Peter gets to face him, all color escapes from his cheeks. Because he knows who this is. He knows this man, despite the beard and the glasses and the baggy clothes. Peter knows him.
“I always knew women were the superior gender,” Hilde says without even stumbling over her words. Natasha nods, slapping the Asgardian on the shoulder. “You know, you would make a great Valkyrie. Too bad we no longer exist.”
Natasha laughs, suddenly pushing Steve to the side and giving Peter an amused look, nodding towards the super soldier as if he’s the cutest thing around.
“The WHAT NOW? Where do I find a freaking goddess?!” Yaël stared at the satin-ish fabric in her hands, a fabric that clearly used to shimmer.
Tony nods, sighing. The nurse helps him to sit up, and then gives him the chance to get himself cleaned up. After he’s dressed, Happy enters the room again, along with Pepper and three other people Tony suspects are doctors.
“Yeah, sure, take a seat,” Yaël invited the teen as she gestured to her almost empty classroom. Dust, who apparently still, or again had a misunderstanding with her roommate Surge, sat down on a chair out of Surge’s reach and started reading.
. The lack of retort seems to surprise even Steve, who waits for anything to come out of Tony’s mouth.
“Yeah, that’s fine,” Peter mumbles. He starts walking inside the penthouse, immediately heading for the door that leads to the elevator. He shouldn’t linger for too long. He’d rather have his father not knowing about this, after all. Of course, there’s no way FRIDAY is going to keep this from him, but the longer he’s out of the fire, the better.
“Oh, I see how it is. Mr. Parker just wanted a ride, isn’t it?” she says, jokingly. Peter stammers, trying to counter that accusation but actually feeling far too nervous to even manage that. “Well, too bad for you; I don’t have a driver’s license, after all.”
“I’ll take Scott home,” Hope then says, sounding amused because of her sleeping partner. Scott jumps up, awake when he hears his name being called out. Holding out her hand, Hope pulls him out of the couch. “We’ll see you all tomorrow.”
“You’re okay,” Tony mumbles out, trying more to convince himself. Because Peter’s okay, he can’t be gone. He’s still here, right? He’s right here in Tony’s arms, and surely he’ll start breathing again soon, won’t he?
There’s Coulson walking towards a door to their left, followed by a whole team of SHIELD-agents. Tony, despite his own words, feels a strange sense of nostalgia going through him.
Cap and Iron Man arrive together, the two of them ready to charge the moment they get there. They’re followed by Falcon and War Machine. Somehow, the Goblin seems to have pissed off enough of them to call out for so many Avengers. Which reminds him that he hasn’t seen Thor fly around for a long time.
Peter only realizes he’s fallen asleep when he wakes up much later; the window indicates that it’s already night, showing a darkness in the sky from outside and the millions of city lights from all the buildings. New York never really sleeps, after all.
It’s only a thin pink line now; healed much faster than it should have. It doesn’t hurt at all anymore, unless applied large pressure on it, which he doesn’t plan on having. He traces it a few times with his fingers, doing the same thing with the scar on his back which looks the exact same way.
“Well, everyone could steer one element, no one actually could do what you do: steering all four of them. Your dad steered water and your sister fire. Your mother had heterochromia, so she was one of the few people who could steer a bit of fire and a bit of air.” What was this town, or land or whatever? There was no place on earth like this one, right? Where there countries filled with people with powers to steer the elements?
“Why did you do it?” Peter asks, getting to the matter immediately without bothering to beat around the bush. The Cat turns her head slightly, but he still can’t see her face due to all that light hair. It almost seems white from up here.
As it turns out, the secret project Tony has been working on is graced with the nickname of BARF, which, personally, Peter
Mrs. Thomas was sleeping against the opening of the elevator again. The woman had extremely long, black hair with a few grey locks here and there. She always wore glasses that were too big, looking like they might have been from the eighties. Yaël had never been able to put an age to that woman. She could be forty, but she also could be sixty. The woman didn't even move as Yaël passed, who decided to let her sleep. Mrs. Thomas clearly had a sleeping-problem.
Anyway, before he manages to take out his phone – because damn these gloves – the robber stands back up and pushes him in the back, forcing him on the ground. The air escapes from Peter’s lungs at the impact, and the phone that had finally gotten into his hands slips away.
“Who is this for?” he asks, repeating Peter’s question for earlier. Mr. Stark puts the marker in his mouth and starts pulling at Peter’s shoulders to turn him around. Then he starts drawing more lines on the back, keeping the top of the marker between his teeth.
Peter sighs and pulls his hand away from his face, taking a good look at everything happening around him.
After all, there’s a whole new suit waiting for Peter back in the Compound. And he might not get it as quickly as Tony had been expecting, but one day he will wear it.
“You shouldn’t make a decision based on what others do,” Vision says, obviously not really approving of it.
Gwen chuckles, patting Peter on the back. “I love you, too.”  They pull apart, and hand in hand they start walking towards the door of the workshop.
“No nono, I was kidding, I just need the bill, and then I want to hire you as my personal pizza-delivery boy.” He said with wiggling eyebrows. Was he flirting with an underage teen in a full restaurant?! Yaël planted her face against the table. Where did they find this idiot and why did he have to be her new babysit?
“Parker, take a breath,” Mr. Stark suddenly says in a chuckle, holding up his hand in a stop-gesture. Peter then closes his mouth and listens to him. “Do you have it here?”
“Go to him. I know you want to,” he says with a wink. Tony snorts, shaking his head and then leaning forward to kiss Peter on the brow.
“Welcome back, Spider-Man,” Wanda greets him with a small kiss on his cheek. He notices how Vision stares at the act in confusion.
Peter and Wade didn’t even notice her clumsiness, because while struggling with the tiles, Yaël had already frozen Wade up to his neck without even noticing it. Yup, that’s exactly why Fury said she wasn’t trained enough. She quickly stopped the freezing procedure. Wade looked at her sheepishly, but she didn’t feel sorry.
“We’ll just be amazing grandparents, instead,” Tony assures him. Steve smiles as well. It doesn’t last too long, when Steve sees Tony’s face get serious again. “But there’s something I need to tell you.”
“Or maybe she was the worst? Oh my God, was the sex lousy? Was she all moans but no action? Were the boobs fake? The bra filled with socks? Was she hairy all over? With all that blonde hair, the moustache isn’t always easy to fi-”
Whenever Tony Stark was younger, and his parents were out of town, Jarvis would take care of him. The butler and his wife took him in as if he were their own. Since they couldn’t get children of their own due to Ana Jarvis getting into some sort of accident, it seemed to be easy for them to get attached to him.
Mr. and Mrs. Thompson did ask a few questions out of curiosity. Questions like: “So, did you also go to Xavier’s school?” Yaël’s trick was stuffing her mouth with peas so that she’d always have a few seconds before she could answer, because she needed some time to think about it.
“Aren’t they always? Sometimes I wonder if they’re truly happy together, with the way they go at it sometimes,” Peter complains. He looks around the lab, finding that Bruce must have been in the middle of research.
She’s about to open up her mouth when suddenly the door opens up again, revealing Steve and Tony to walk inside. They give the two a small wave, and Steve returns the gesture. When he walks ahead of Tony, the engineer instead points towards Steve’s ass and mouths ‘Oh my god!’.
“Who’s this for?” Peter then asks. Mr. Stark doesn’t respond, instead putting his screwdriver in his mouth and bending down to pick up something from the ground. “What do you want me to do with this?”
But this wasn’t her sister anymore, and that was not Yaël’s fault, she thought while putting the card against another reader. She stepped inside and looked at the girl in front of her who tilted her head. Nilla immediately smirked as she saw Yaël. Her hair was tangled and there were dark circles under her eyes.
There’s still enough place for more tables, but there’s not enough guests. Everybody knows it, but nobody mentions it.
“Peter?” Tony asks, still unable to believe that it’s been almost two weeks since he last really talked to his boy. “How are you feeling, boy?”
He doesn’t know how late it is in Wakanda. There’s a few hours difference between them, but Peter has no idea how much. He’s never looked it up, mostly he just calls and Steve just answers.
all day, but to be honest – after the Lizard and Electro – Peter knows he can do more. Stopping a robbery might just be the thing that will make his Dad understand that he can do so much more.
Deciding not to open it just yet, Peter puts his phone aside and closes his eyes, sleep catching him almost immediately.
“No, no, no everything’s fine. I didn’t invite anybody,” he quickly says. His word is proven wrong when there’s a sudden knock on the door.
“So, what, Peter runs out of drugs and turns all Kill Bill on people?” Sam asks. Natasha leans forward to take the bottle and read the name on it.
So that’s why he had seen Mrs. Potts earlier. She doesn’t come by often, usually staying at the organization back in Malibu.
“I’m going to see Thor firstly. Meet me there.” And with that, Loki walked off. Hilde stared at his retreating back before giving Yaël a studying look, mouth opening as she seemed to realize something.
“Tony, you’re not actually going to tell them, are you?” Natasha interrupts. Tony holds up his hand to shut her up before nodding towards the three men.
“Yes, it was the logical thing to do,” Vision responded casually. And like usually, Vision turned to Wanda and they started staring in each other eyes. If Yaël could puke on command, she’d do it. But she kept her bitter mouth shut. Well, at least, these two had found each other in these shitty times.
Peter sighs when he hears their voices through the door. He can’t exactly hear what they’re saying, they’re in their bedroom so the sound is muffled. But from what he can hear, Tony doesn’t really seem to appreciate the accusations he’s getting about not taking care of himself. Peter pulls up his phone and looks at who’s online. He just needs a person to stalk for a moment, wondering why he can’t just get out and swing around for a bit. A quick look outside, and he finds a New York that, despite everything, is still standing. The fact that the tower survived is a miracle on its own, though a few floors have been declared uninhabitable until renovations are ready.
Was that the reason why he had been hesitant to join his brother and father? Yaël knew that Loki’s relationship with Odin had been complicated. Maybe the two brothers came here to say their last farewells to their father. She didn’t know how Asgardians handled stuff like death.
back,” another, lower though familiar voice calls out. Tony looks back up, suddenly excited to see Peter walk inside with his backpack hanging over his shoulder. But, there’s something different about Peter. Tony notices it in the way he walks, and the way he talks. Peter looks uninterested, his hair longer and sluggish. He’s smaller, less muscular.
He pulls his eyes away. He can’t look at him. He’s sure he’ll end up in tears that way, reminded of the shit they’ve been through.
His mood changes from day to day. Though usually he keeps up a good front, cracking jokes and laughing whenever possible, there are days where he can’t keep it up and it all goes downhill. That usually means that he’s quiet, barely paying attention, and sometimes just leaving the workshop with the excuse of splashing water in his face.
By the time he gets to the eighth message, MJ seems to realize something’s up. She asks him if he could call when he gets this message. The next few are the same, until she threatens to call up Tony if he doesn’t answer soon.
“Alright, have a good day, Mr. Parker!” she calls after him when he already starts walking. There’s no way that he’s going to take the subway with this box – it’s only going to attract the attention that he doesn’t want to have.
“Isn’t this exciting?!” the woman says when she’s inside. “Tony, I can’t believe you asked me to join! I normally thought we’d agreed that we would just each hang out with him on our own terms, but I’m glad I could tag along with this one!”
“I should go for Stark Industries, you think?” Okay, now he knows he’s just postponing coming to a final decision. To be fair, maybe his choice has been made a few days ago already, but he probably just wants to convince himself that the ultimate answer is a hard one to find.
And that’s enough for Peter. With a soft push, he distances himself from the wall, making sure to land right next to Ned, causing for everybody to take a step back. Flash lets go of Ned, jumping back with a small shout.
“Well, he has been racing back and forth. He seemed stressed out, like Stark was in equal trouble as you were and he had to check on him too. Wanda went through that too, but she was way calmer than him about it.”
“I don’t suppose you have children, Everett? In the end, Spider-Man is still a child, and what better way is there to learn a lesson? He’ll learn responsibility this way, and when he earns it, he’ll get his stuff back,” she says. Tony nods. This is really the best-case scenario he can get right now. If it had been Ross’ choice, Peter would have never swung another web in his life.
young – girl sitting there with her bright blue hair stuffed into a messy bun. Her skin is a bit darkened and there seem to be dark shadows under her hollow eyes. Her stare seems to travel from Peter to the guy, and her mouth is moving. Peter tries not to listen to it, instead turning around again to escape their gaze.
“Rumlow escaped before we managed to capture him. Luckily nobody got hurt… He also seems to have taken up the persona of ‘Crossbones’ or something. It’s what his workers call him.”
“Oh, you mean the friends that don’t force me to use my powers like you did?” Yaël corrected him sarcastically. Yes, she knew he used her to make sure she’d be safe from Thanos, but she still didn’t have to be happy about that. Another shock went through the ship as they got hit again. Yaël tried her best to keep balance.
“This is, uh, him?” Tony tries, making a grimace as the lie rolls out with trouble. He never liked Richard out of principle, and he feels even worse pretending to be him in the dead guy’s mobile lab.
“No way, he’d freak! I think he’d already freak to find out he’s got a son, let alone to have said son fighting battles every day to keep New York safe.”
“Know you were Spider-Man? Seriously, Peter? You think I didn’t realize it all the way back in Washington?! You bailed on Liz on Homecoming and the very next day her Dad’s in prison? You disappear always whenever Spider-Man is near? I might not be as smart as you, but I’m not dumb.”
“MJ needed some help with the test as well, I thought I’d bring her along,” Harry says happily. He only gets a few silent stares in return before Tony interrupts again.
Choosing the song isn’t at all the hardest part. It’s keeping it from Steve. He chose the song especially for him, because he knows Steve is going to sink on the ground from embarrassment when he hears it, and it would mean Tony would win.
“Ned, am I really that horrible?” Tony then asks, pulling away from Peter and turning to his best friend on the couch. Ned’s eyes open wide, and his mouth drops open as he thinks back of an answer.
Hanging out with the Avengers almost starts to feel like second nature to Peter, it’s almost as if he’s actually a part of the team. Of course, it doesn’t even make sense that he gets to fight with the Avengers, but can’t join them officially. If Wanda – who is a teenager – is allowed in, why can’t Peter?
“I even had a speech ready for when I scolded you, but I can’t remember if I did that already…” Yaël goes on. Peter doesn’t react at all anymore. Why is he suddenly feeling like crying? Or more, why is he suddenly feeling like he’s the biggest failure of them all? Even just one look at the girl in front of him gets him close to tears.
interested in relationships. After all, she’s always been telling Peter that all she wants to be is friends whenever he felt a bit unsure about hanging out.
Peter hangs up without waiting for an answer. To be really honest, he can’t really be bothered with his Dad’s problems. The guy needs to fix his own problems, much like Peter is taking care of his own.
“Or course not, Mr. Stark! I’ll try to be very careful!” Peter returns, glad that the guy was simply messing with him. Now, Peter looks around to try and see where he can be of use.
“Who are you and why are here?” one of them, she guessed the one steering air, asked as soon as Yaël and Lopt were closer.
Bruce is looking none to comfortably at his green and purple – he keeps on wondering why everybody keeps on associating him with purple? – but next to Hilde, who has become his unofficial date in this day, they look like an amazing pair. Hilde has gowns in the colors of her Valkyrie-uniform, but when Steve asks about it, she admits that it’s the way the Valkyries usual dressed up during events. The dress is nothing new, with other words.
“FRIDAY, light?” he asks, and immediately the daylight passes right back through the windows and Tony can finally see where he’s walking again.
“Hi Steve,” Bruce responds. Then he takes out another copy of the accords. It’s the newest version he’s been given, and hopefully it will also be the very last he’ll ever have to bring over. “The King of Wakanda already has a copy sent out to him, but we figured we want to see your last few suggestions as well.”
Tony gives him an unimpressed look before grinning again, leaning forward to kiss him. Before he can reach, Steve steps aside, pulling him along to get him out of the penthouse.
“He’s hit a rough spot,” Tony explains. “Learned the hard way that alcohol and antidepressants don’t go together. Before that, he was doing good.”
May temporarily moved into the tower. They have prepared a bed for her in Tony’s unused office. Having put aside all the furniture in there, Rhodey and May have practically made the place their own. Only for a little while, though, May keeps on assuring him. She has no intention on staying here after Peter gets back on his own feet.
The other Peter didn’t mind knocking people – powerless people – out. He didn’t mind using his strength, didn’t mind punching the bad guys right in the face just as a first punishment. The actual Peter would, in every possible situation, try to avoid getting too violent.
“He was on his way. I’m faster, after all,” he explains, lowering his voice a little bit even though there isn’t much risk of Flash recognizing his voice in his drunken state.
And Peter keeps on playing. FRIDAY, nor Karen, pass along any messages coming from Tony or Steve. Last weekend he went to see Aunt May, but she’s on leave right now, having followed Rhodey to Wakanda to guide him through his rehabilitation. Peter would have joined them on any other moment, but when May came to pass along the message, all he felt was relief.
So Tony quickly adds the ‘healing’ to the list before drawing a line underneath it and starting up the next list. “Now what do I want the new thing to be?”
Fuck, shit, crap. This isn’t what he needs. Tony hurries into the elevator and keeps his head down. Finding a pair of sunglasses in his inner pocket of the jacket, he quickly fishes it out and puts it on.
?” Bruce asks. Peter and Tony turn to look at him and Bruce leans back in his seat. “Wow, that’s just, two pairs of the exact same eyes looking at me right now. This is so weird. Are you sure you didn’t just clone yourself? Is this what you used to look like?”
After that, they split up. Steve went back to the compound and Yaël went to her former room at the school to take a shower. She dressed, grabbed her backpack and walked out the door. The second she closed the frontdoor of the school behind her, she felt the soft, almost unnoticeable flutter in her head again.
“Don’t sweat it, Wilson told me all about it. I suppose I should have warned you about her little crush on you before she assaulted those perfect lips with hers,” Tony assures him. Then he lets the gauntlet of his suit pull away, letting his bare hand into the cold air of the hallway. Without hesitation, he leans forward to rest his fingers onto Steve’s cheek.
“Y-es?” Tony tries. Steve nods at him before reaching an arm towards him and pulling him along a bit.
Casting one last look at Ned, who is standing in front of the window, looking around and seeming just out of place like Peter had been feeling, he decides this thing has a priority now. So he shrugs off his clothes, fishes out the mask from his pocket, and stretches his arms a bit.
Mantis blinks once, those large black eyes seeming confused. Then, before she can even reach out her hand, Lady Sif interrupts them.
Peter takes the paper and looks at it. Everything in Tony’s blood seems normal, indeed. It’s surprising how things can just change like that.
Next, there’s Sokovia; the city floating in the sky, buildings falling down. It’s a clear indication of Wanda’s strength to see her looking on as she sees her hometown being destroyed.
“Really?” Peter asks, but he still takes it from him. Then, with all the gentleness he can manage, he slowly lowers the glowing triangle down until it’s put inside safely. When Peter then closes the reactor once again, it suddenly starts to glow.
“Is everybody alright?” Peter asks, only noticing then that his arms are bloody. That’s normal, since he just ran through a glass door practically. Looking at one of the cuts, he finds that it’s quite deep. That might be needing stitching up.
“Don’t do it!” Tony warns him before he can touch the wall. “It’s not stable. If you move one part of the wall, it’s instant death.”
To be fair, when he first came here, it had mostly been because he heard the Avengers had come here once or twice for special occasions. But even as they haven’t yet appeared, Miles wouldn’t care if they’d never come. This place has become something dearly to him, and he’s not even here that often.
“Except for the fact that suddenly everybody’ll know I’m crazy rich? Or maybe we’re also forgetting that the man is
Next, there’s Ned, who is couching a bit before sitting up as well to look at the damage. He’s next to Wade, who looks like he fell in a big shard of glass and is currently hesitating on whether or not he should pull it out.
“Yeah, I know.” Suddenly she heard police sirens. She looked back at Jason who stared right back at her, both understanding that there was a chance they were coming for her. Yaël turned around and started walking away, leaving the park again.
“Hey, man, I was on my way back,” Peter assures him. It can only be for that reason that he’s calling, right? To ask where Peter is?
And if the car hadn’t been standing still back then, he would have stopped it at that sudden thought. He looks ‘happy’, so Steve says. But, when he thinks of it, he’d
Pepper snorts, still looking at Tony, seeming pensive. “I’m not surprised,” she says, sounding a bit distance. Then she clears her throat and stands back up – Peter hadn’t realized she’d been sitting on the desk. “Anyway, can you tell Tony I’m not his assistant anymore, and that these people need to stop calling me when they need him?”
Opening the latch on the ceiling, Tony drops himself into the elevator without bothering to lower the noise; at least that way Steve and Barnes are warned about his arrival. He doesn’t want to sneak up on them.
Okay if he’s trying not to appear nervous, he’s failing miserably at it. He quickly clears his throat again before grabbing his mask again.
Suddenly, another person comes walking inside. One look at her face, and Tony knows all he can about her.
“Something has happened to Peter,” Tony starts. Carefully, he explains everything he can to the woman, not even bothering to hide away the fact that a black Spider-Man suit is a part of it. She doesn’t ask about it, either, so it’s possible that she might have actually known. That, or she rather asks it in person.
But he’s here. And Tony can’t just walk away, because he knows Steve will go after him, and give him those eyes, and Tony will break.
Is it possible that Steve is actually happy with her? Maybe even happier than he could be with Tony?
“Aw, don’t be angry, Petah!” Shuri tells him. She puts her arm on his shoulder and leans against him before pointing towards MJ. “I mean, look at her! She’s a queen on her own!  The queen of America!”
Mr. Rogers walks away from the living room, getting towards where Peter suspects is Yaël’s bedroom. Instead of getting inside, he knocks on the door a few times, almost loud enough to wake somebody in a coma. Peter just clears his throat and decides to take place on the couch.
“Uh, might have to remove the metal plates first,” Peter mutters to himself, but giving it a long look, he figures he doesn’t really have any idea how to do that. Maybe he needs to randomly press buttons? But then again, Mr. Stark did say that the thing didn’t work anymore, so it might not open up at all.
Avenger drops down through my roof. To what do I owe the pleasure?” Strange asks. He isn’t letting Peter go, no matter how much he struggles against the hold.
“We’ve learned our lesson?” Steve then asks. Tony throws his head back over the armrest of the couch, closing his eyes while he enjoys the peace. “I sure hope you don’t think we’re just not going to talk about what happened?”
“I know, dad. I’m sorry,” Peter says, trying so hard to keep his tears in. “I just- I wanted to be like you.”
“Yeah, probably,” Peter mutters, feeling a strong wave of shame pass over him. He looks down at his hands, seeing his black suit surrounding him. Once again, the thought passes through him that this suit might be playing a big part in all of this. “Can you also ask him if he could look something over for me? And maybe Bruce as well?”
“Oh my God,” Miles calls out, running towards the figure and kneeling in front of him. “Mr. Spider-Man, sir, are you alright? Are you awake?”
“I don’t think that will be necessary, I can stop it,” he says, though a bit hesitantly. Everybody looks at him, seeing him stand there uneasily. For a second, Peter wonders what he’s so afraid of.
Ever since learning that Harry has been confined somewhere in the compound, treated for his illness by the Avenger’s best scientists, Peter has been walking with his head in the cloud. That feeling lasted for a week, before he’d been starting to ask questions on why he hasn’t heard anything from it again.
“Bless you, Spider-Man. Bless you,” the man says, shaking his hand and running towards another group of homeless people underneath a bridge, where he can see him share the money. His throat suddenly goes dry, and his heart aches. This isn’t how it should be, right? Peter, a kid who used to have too little money, now suddenly has tons of it. He can’t, in good conscience, pretend like everything he’s seeing here is alright.
Dropping the keys in their designated spot, Steve shrugs off his coat and hangs it up on the coat rack. Meanwhile, Tony kicks off his shoes and heads for the kitchen, remembering that’s the last place he saw his glasses.
Peter snorts again. Of course she would have to mention that part again. He doesn’t even take insult in it, finding it rather amusing. So for the first time since Venom has left him, Peter manages a smirk. It’s small, barely even there, but it’s probably a breakthrough! One May, Steve or Tony should have seen.
He hears Steve chuckle behind him, and then there’s a pair of lips pressed against the back of his neck. Tony closes his eyes, letting out a long breath. Steve keeps on humming behind him, the melody put out in perfect tune against the back of Tony’s head. He doesn’t even know how long they’re lying there: a minute? Maybe ten? But by the time Steve has finished humming out the second song, Tony feels relaxed again.
But before Loki even had the chance to open the door, Thor threw it open and walked in, cheerful as always.
work. But, then again, give Tony an idea and he’ll pull out all the stops to invent it, build it. Creating that new element for his arc reactor is the perfect example of that, when he destroyed his own workshop to make it.
“…Dad? Is that you? How did you get this phone?” Another car honks at him when he almost crashes against it.
Steve knew that as he was often the one finding Tony wandering around in the tower in the middle of the night as the two of them couldn’t sleep due to the nightmares.
“Sure, that would be great,” he returns. Felicia smiles widely, showing bright and practically perfect teeth underneath those lips. Had Peter never met MJ in his life, he would probably have fallen head over heals for this girl. She’s kind of… perfect. “You’ve… been here a while?”
“My legs suddenly had a growth spurt.” He grinned. “Oh, and I brought you something, because your hair really looks like shit…” he mumbled while digging into his ninja-turtles bag.
“You don’t agree with them?” Vision asked, looking a bit surprised. How could he even be surprised? It’s not like Yaël felt blessed by those bloody accords. She looked away for a second, trying her best not to start crying. She was acting childish, butthurt, she knew that, but she couldn’t help it. She was sick of looking at the inside of this building. And, yes, of course she was grateful that Peter came visit her and Wanda frequently, but it was hard to show that, given the circumstances.
“Are we friends?” Tony asks, not ever having gotten the vibe from Romanoff that they are even supposed to be friendly to each other.
“What happened to the Library-guards?” the other guard asked suspiciously. Yaël simply let her finger glide against her throat.
“You know what we had to do. And we kept him safe, but now he wants to get himself in trouble again and again.”
“Hello?” Peter asks. The laughing stops, and immediately there’s fast shuffling noises until suddenly a bare-chested Steve jumps up from behind the couch, looking red all over his face.
“Uh, there’s no Avengers tower anymore. Tony sold it back to Stark Industries. The Avengers have their own facility upstate,” Peter corrects him. Bruce seems confused but then sighs.
In the evening, Tony is exhausted. He lies down on the couch, with a movie playing in the background, while Peter lies next to him. The two fall fast asleep in no time, and Tony only wakes up an hour later, where he then decides to move his kid back into his bed.
The ambulance stopped right in front of her, immediately someone jumped out of it and guided her to the vehicle to clean the wounds and patch her up. Only a second later, the police arrived, and Wade got questioned. Probably because they immediately recognized him from other weird ‘accidents’ or crimes. After a total check-up, a few questions and quick tests, they let Yaël go.
“Yo, my name is Wade, and I’m here to be your friend. You know, your friendly neighborhood Deadpool. That’s my superhero name, in case you don’t know.”
“Please, dear. Jesus never was a god,” Loki interrupted her with a wide grin as he gently put his hand against her back to push her towards the ship, making her shut her mouth.
“Listen, prince, I suggest a bargain,” Mr. Stark starts to the Principal as Peter observes Flash some more. With divided attention, Peter tries to catch up on the conversation. “I’ve already called up the contractors, and they’ll come and work on the school to fix it back up. I’m not going to cancel them if you say ‘no’, but would you agree that Peter gets off the hook? I’ll make sure he’ll work extra-hard at the workshop, instead.”
