“Of course,” Harry looked very serious. “A good fluff and fold is no joking matter.”
And dammit, Irene was a right witch and John
.” She calmed down as she spoke this next part, “Do you want to know why I really came back to London, John? I was fired from my job... because of... because I was drinking too much and I just... I couldn't stop, Johnny! Then– god and then nobody wanted to work with me! The designers all rejected me left and right and to top it off Clara left me. She
“Morality is boring.” She’d answered. “You’re still a virgin.” She’d said immediately after.
“Right now, e-mail it.” She demanded, her tone still eerily calm, and she walked away.
“Oh!” Dorian says, turning to her, his eyes suddenly sparkling, “Would you be interested in coming along, dear Iris?” He asks Irene, though his eyes betray him as they trail over to Sherlock.
“Smart move!” John agreed, considering Sherlock had done just that.
Sherlock pouts, “John might have some clothes upstairs if you want me to—,”
“Yes, John.” Sherlock huffs into John’s shoulder.
“Did you say 'attractive'?” Sherlock's eyes shone with mischief.
There’s a hush over the room again and then everyone – everyone in that audience stands. They cheer madly, whooping and screaming. Sherlock and Irene quickly stand, take their bows and wave at them, Irene blowing kisses. They finally turn to and jog up to the hostess in order to hear the verdict from the judges.
Sherlock laughed to himself on the other side of the phone.
to.” John replied quickly.
my favourite.”
Ironic how I named it "Now Kiss" But I don't mention them kissing in the very very end. I couldn't find a way to end it with the kiss and it all sounded cheesy. I decided to end it with an almost direct quote from the film so that it would end the same way I started it. Completely unoriginally. :P And they kissed after the love confession sooo... technically you have your kiss.
“Honey?” He whispers, creeping inside, “darling, I’m home.”
“We don’t talk any more, we don’t talk anymore...” the voice of a woman begins. As the chorus grows louder and louder Sherlock and Iris begin to move, each standing with a hand tapping on their table. Slowly they begin to move forward on the stage.
Sherlock grabs Rosie’s day-bag from where John had left it on his chair yesterday and makes quick work of putting Rosie’s things together, rushing upstairs to grab extra nappies, grabbing her toddler snacks and formula from the refrigerator – check, check and check! Sherlock surveys the contents of the bag one last time, and satisfied with it practically crashes into the bathroom door before stopping. He takes one deep breath, exhales and then enters the bathroom as quietly as he can. Once inside he can hear the sound of John humming lightly over the spray of water. Sherlock smirks and peels off his robe, letting it drop to the ground. With a shaky hand Sherlock finally speaks, making his way into the shower, “Hello, Doctor Watson,” he rumbles.
Harry beamed, “Okay great because we're having lunch tomorrow.”
extraordinary.”
Harry grinned in relief, smiling at Mary.
“Now, now, Watson. Are you going to behave, or am I going to have to eat this lovely meal myself?” Sherlock asks Rosie as she makes an effort to plunge the hand he’s still holding into the spaghetti.
“You want me to–?” Sherlock asks anyway.
“William.” The man supplied charmingly and extending his hand.
Sherlock smiled and sat up. “Ready, John?” He asked as he positioned himself directly above John's throbbing dick.
“You're a vegetarian?” She asked.
All that while the man in the movie is speaking with his Mary
“Hello EYE-REE,” Rosie says in greeting, pronouncing the name slowly.
“Excuse me?” John laughed sarcastically, but Mary's eyes lit up,
“One of the er, ham sandwiches please,” John chimed in, “You want one Harry? I've got it.” John asked.
John is just putting Rosie to bed when he gets a text from Greg. It’s a link to a video and the caption beneath it just says “You seen this yet? Apparently, he’s on again tonight.” John’s face pales a little. He knows what the video link is… and he’s been avoiding searching for any of these for weeks, but now that Greg has sent the link... God John can barely resist. He sits on the hotel bed and looks to the door. His girlfriend has just gone out to drink with a couple of their colleagues. Likely she’ll be back in a few hours. Dammit.
“I see,” Sherlock said then added sarcastically, “And this... this is the turkey-shaped umbrella holder that will hold all of Mary's umbrellas!” He smirked at John.
Mary followed and stood next to him as he clicked around the screen, “John, I am so thankful that I could call you tonight... I can always count on you.” John looked back at Mary and nodded a smile. Mary continued, looking away with a slight blush on her face, “You never say no... which I love.” She looked back at John with her pinked cheeks just as he turned to her, a sudden realization filling his eyes.
Sherlock grinned, “Yes exciting isn't it? Quaint little town, rain-storm, mystery foreign woman in your town, a secret affair, murder, and then two mysterious, but extremely handsome detectives from the Yard show up in your village and begin an investigation. It's all very film noir.”
Sherlock replies immediately: Shut up. – SH
“No. No, it's fine.” Mycroft stood, taking his umbrella and coat, “Will you join me, Dr. Watson?”
Mycroft stood then, his anger flaring, “Doctor John Watson is a soldier, he's handled much worse than this little debacle. You asked me to give you a feature story, I gave it to you. You asked me to give you Anderson's story. I gave that to you also, but you went against your word and got involved with the Police's work. Sherlock, not only does the murderer get a chance to go free if it gets out that you were the mysterious DI Scott, but I run the risk of losing this entire paper due to
he remembers himself telling Culverton. ‘
Another roll of the eyes comes from Irene, “Then dinner it is,” she says, flicking a hand in the air, “Be brief and to the point.”
“John, it's fifty quid, I'll pay you back.”
“John,” Harry continued, “You were always jealous of me!”
you, Johnny, and I just want you to be happy. Okay?”
“Hey Harry... um, sit down a tic?”
“Yes! God do I have to teach you everything?” Irene complains though she is delighted that Sherlock is letting her talk about this. He rarely allows her to continue these conversations, even though he knows that she knows. He’s never actually admitted it. This is the closest he’s come. “But find a way to invite him and his little screech monster at some point,” she continues, “You did great by offering to teach Rosie to dance. It’s a good excuse to bring him over. Plus, seeing you with her almost made me want to throw you across the room and ride you into oblivion this morning - and I
“So…” John begins after a while.
Rosie looks up from her cartoons distractedly, “Hi daddy. I’m good. Look it’s Dugee!” She grins, pointing at her favourite character on the screen.
ps. My favourite part was the one about the robot eyes. XD I nearly died writing that. That whole fight was hilarity.
Not edited. Not beta'd. You know the drill.
” he said, “I know where they are.”
Sherlock cringed a little at John's tone, “...not good?”
“Yep... go on you two.” John said making an awkward gesture.
Sherlock, really, I
Cecily smacks him, “Don’t be rude, Algy.”
Harry didn't notice, “Oh! And guess what? That writer that you obsess about? He wants to do a whole commitments column on us in the Journal. He called me! Can you believe it?”
“Oof, bad luck old chum,” Algernon comments to John when he reaches him. He extends a hand for Jack’s jacket and John passes it to him, watching the dancers wordlessly. “It looks like they chose for you to go up against Sherlock,” Algernon continues.
“Wait a minute...” the female interrupted, “I know you from somewhere... aren't you – wait aren't you that man from paper? The groomsman?”
Sherlock ruffles the boy's hair beside him saying, “Alright, my apologies, Dorian,” but he takes the opportunity of the young man not being able to see Sherlock’s face due to Sherlock’s false affectionate touch to mouth at John and Greg, looking comically disturbed, “
Sherlock grins back, returning, “You mean I wasn’t shy about showing-off?”
Fuck.
to see them.
Sherlock’s eyes are foggy as he separates from John, attempting to come back towards him as he asks, “Hmm?”
Sherlock groans, this time in annoyance, “Do shut up, John.”
time I called they said they had a cancellation. Apparently the groom slept with the bride's mother, and sister and all these people so obviously they put a stop to it and they were all devastated but it means... we're getting married in three weeks!” Harry squealed and hugged John.
Sherlock glared. “Fine.” He grabbed the diary from the now silently amused Anthea's desk and stormed out of the office. It was all for show, of course, because he'd gotten what he wanted in the end.
John feels a change in the air and shifts in his seat a little, his leg almost touching Sherlock’s as he leans subtly closer. Sherlock twitches slightly but doesn’t move away.
Jack pushes John softly along, getting him to join Jack as they step a little closer to the action while waiting their turn. From across the circle, John can see Sherlock and Dorian doing much the same thing except that Dorian is holding Sherlock’s hand and swaying to the music minutely by his side. John tries to ignore them and instead turns his attention towards trying to befriend Jack. Maybe, if he and Sherlock can play along with this little game they can get the small group to go somewhere quieter so they can interview them.
Some fluff for ya.
“So?” Dimock finally asked.
Iris and Sherlock’s grins broaden impossibly more ecstatic. Clearly this is the guy to impress. “Bruno was right, what can we say? It was a beauty to watch. Sherlock, you have surprised us from the beginning. When you first came on stage, I admit I thought you would be an awkward gangly mess, but each and every week you have proved me wrong. Brilliant job. Fabulous. I do, however, have to comment on one thing –”
John takes Sherlock’s free hand until Sherlock turns to him. His eyes are still lit with fury. John takes hold of Sherlock’s other hand and brings it to himself, kissing Sherlock’s palm where it meets the wrist. “I’m an idiot,” John confesses, “I’m sorry.”
“And,” John’s traitorous mouth continues, “she’s at Molly’s...”
“God. You are so full of yourself,” Molly comments, keeping her eyes on the masses below.
Irene throws her hands up in surrender, “Fine! Just ask him to dinner you boring little princess.”
Harriet regarded her nervously, a pretty little blush spreading across her cheeks, “Hi... Um... I'm the maid of Honour. Well, one of... Molly over there is Sherlock's,” Harry shrugged, “Not sure why they needed one each, but boys will be boys... I er... currently live in the west end with a lot of roommates... and I just started designing my own line of fabulous handbags, and I'm completely broke. It's alright though, really. I'm ten months sober and still going. And I eat a hamburger a day and my idea of a pet is a rock.”
it a secret anyway?” John asks, curious, “I mean, you’ve never been shy about any of your other talents.”
“Wow.” John said.
Next was what looked like a sea-captain outfit, followed by his army uniform (admittedly that one
The man introduced himself and extended a hand out to Sherlock, “Oh! DI Dimock. Pleasure, sir.”
Rosie beams, extremely pleased with herself.
“Sure, Rosie, whatever you say,” John responds, giving Sherlock a peck on the lips.
had sent Irene those photos of Sherlock? Could it have been the man who is threatening her and her friends? Is he getting tired of waiting for Irene to find Hallward? Or does he already know the man is dead? And if so, why is this man looking for a dead person? Is he also looking for the killer? Or is it Henry who had sent the pictures? Does he suspect Irene and Sherlock of investigating him? Does he suspect Molly now? Is that why he’s trying to seduce her? Is he just leading her around in circles? It seemed to Molly that the more she thinks about this case, the more questions she has. How the hell does Sherlock do this all the time and not lose his mind?
can’t afford them going home.
Irene rolls her eyes and mumbles something about 'after all I do for you.' Sherlock ignores her in favor of Rosie.
“What?” he asked as he stood up straight.
you upset about?”
Doctor John Hamish Watson, formerly Captain of the fifth Northumberland Fussiliers." Sherlock quips.
John looks away from Sherlock and manages to catch a glimpse of Josh exiting the back of the restaurant. Their eyes meet and John glares at the man. The poor waiter returns to the back guiltily with the look of a deer caught in headlights.
here…” He stammers, his shy smile is hesitant but John can see right through it and at once he remembers where he’s seen that smile and this guy – this was the supposed neighbor John had seen exiting Sherlock’s home a couple of weeks ago – the guy who was supposedly helping Sherlock “
Sherlock smiled.
Sherlock stubs out his cigarette and tosses it outside as he spots the bus that should be carrying John and Rosie in it. “Not happening.” He responds, then adds, as an afterthought, “Bye.”
Irene does not reply. She doesn’t seem to have the energy. Before either of them can move again a loud familiar ding sounds from the direction of Irene’s bag, which is currently lying haphazardly by the mirrored wall of the room. Irene groans while Sherlock smirks at her pain. The ding is coming from his phone, but since Irene has decided to steal it temporarily and become his personal secretary, he decides not to bother getting up.
William stared at John, time to bring out the big guns. He took his hand again, his expression changing to a more imploring look, “John,” his voice went slightly husky, “I need you... to give me fifty quid.”
A look of understanding dawned on Anthea's face. “Bart's” She sighed.
John smirks and kicks Sherlock’s she lightly under the table as he says playfully, “Afraid he’ll show me embarrassing photos?”
John rolled his eyes and said, quietly, “Harriet, I didn't know he was writing an article about me...”
“My little sister's getting married.” John sighed into his whiskey.
John and Greg exchange a look before following and standing at the bar with them. John makes sure to slip in beside Sherlock’s other side. Sherlock, taking his cue, loops an arm around his shoulder, effectively pulling himself away from Gray and leaning closer to John while Dorian reaches for a couple of the drinks which have already been poured. John thinks he sees a flash of something pass over the young man’s face as he hands one of the glasses to John and the other to Greg, who is standing on Gray’s other side, but the look is so quickly transformed into a pleasant smile that he almost thinks he’s imagined it.
“She's already dead!”
Sherlock raises a brow, “I wouldn’t call it a verified fact,” Sherlock starts, but at John’s skeptical look adds, “— BUT you could perhaps persuade me to say that there is a compellable argument in the merit of using the word in cases such as these.”
Harry smiled and took a sip of her juice. "Thanks John." She said, then sat herself down on the carpet to have the rest of her juice. John smiled back and walked over to a long mirror situated a couple of steps away. He was staring at his smart-looking suit and fiddling with the tie when he heard a loud yell in a rough male voice shouting somewhere behind him.
That expression sends John over the edge. It isn't long before his thrusts grow out of control and he's pushing into Sherlock infinitely harder than he'd thought he could - once, twice, three times until he feels nothing but a blinding white heat envelop him. His mind goes completely blank as the semen is milked out if his cock. John comes with a grunt and thrusts into Sherlock in his aftershock two more times before he finally collapses over the other man.
“John!” Mary's voice called from her office.
) “Whenever I need her, as
The words seem to hit John and for a moment he looks angry. He surprises Sherlock when after a calming breath he tells him: “I don’t mind that Irene texts you, Sherlock. I don’t mind that at all. I told you. I just want you to be happy.” He licks his lips attempting to pick his words carefully, “But it’s different with Molly because you obviously don’t feel anything for her.”
John sniggers, “How long d’you reckon, before she asks me for her own pocket magnifying glass?”
John gives her a warm hug and a kiss on the cheek. “Thanks again, for taking her, Mrs. Hudson. It really is a great help,” he says.
The cabby shuffled around in the back as he checked his pockets. Finally he retrieved something, held it forward in his hand for Sherlock to see. “Don't–!” The cabby said, as Sherlock reached for it, “–look at it but don't touch it.”
“Sh –“ Sherlock almost says ‘shit’ but quickly covers up, “Sure, John,” He stutters, “I’d be happy to. E. T. A?” He asks.
“Alright,” John calls back, “Have fun.”
they twist and turn each other into their hold and begin to circle the stage gracefully. They move elegantly to the tune of the woman’s raspy voice. Their feet seem to float on the floor as they glide this way in that. “
“Sherlock, a dead body? What the hell?” John asked him as they walked round the side of the little pub to a tiny parking lot.
“Definitely her then?” John asked, hoping that it wasn't, if only so Sherlock wouldn't have the displeasure to be inspecting the body of a woman he'd once known. John really didn't want to believe that the pretty smiling girl in that article, who seemed so happy standing there in her cotton-candy pink dress beside her husband, was now dead. It was so sad.
Irene takes Sherlock’s phone while he showers that evening (before his ‘not-a-date’) with the intention to read through Sherlock’s texts from earlier. She’s been rather curious since she hasn’t had a chance to see them and she knows Sherlock won’t mind. Today, they had been rehearsing and filming along with the rest of the dancers, preparing for the upcoming group dance. During the morning break, however, Sherlock had been engrossed in his phone. Whenever someone had asked him a question he would hide it immediately and ask for the question or comment directed at him to be repeated. Irene had some idea of who he’d been texting and so had done her best to distract the vultures that surrounded them. She had also made sure no camera could come near him.
The man doesn’t move to put the garments on, opting instead to move forward, placing his free hand gently on Sherlock’s cheek and smirking. He looks at Sherlock from under his lashes through warm hazel eyes and gestures down towards Sherlock’s own swollen cock, “And how are you going to hide
“Ah... You remember me.”
She also surfs through Sherlock’s previous texts. The first ones she looks through are her own previous (mostly one-sided) conversations with him. She’s touched to see that he’s kept and transferred all the messages she’s ever sent him to his latest phone’s database. The most interesting ones, obviously, are from Dr. Watson. Sherlock and he don’t text often, but when they do the exchanges are almost sweet in their teasing. It’s adorable how they flirt like teenagers, or it would be if it didn’t piss Irene off so much – not because Irene is jealous or anything. It’s far from that, actually. What makes Irene angry is that the idiot Doctor doesn’t know or is failing to acknowledge just what he’s doing to Sherlock. Sherlock’s feelings, after all, are practically written all over his face, in every gesture, every text he sends the man, every single thing he does – including the choreographed dances for the cases in this competition, (which he joined for
“Shut up!” John shouted at him then and clicked the safety off the gun. “I'm not kidding.”
John watches her move with a slightly concerned look on his face. She looks genuinely embarrassed and John begins - “Molly, are you alr-?”
Harry grinned, “Well, technically Marion did,” she said, pointing at the scraps that the seamstress had brought in. Seeing the expression of hurt confusion on John's face she added, “Oh! But don't worry, we saved you the rest! And, I mean, If you want, and if you marry a woman, your wife could always wear this, as long as the silhouette's still in style, of course.”
“No I am! I am!” John assured her, “It's just that...”
“Yes! And we forgot about him and came to Angelo’s and –” Sherlock giggles at the memory of the case. A gardener had been keeping his wife in the home’s secret basement in order to hide her from debtors. He had claimed she had run away and gone missing, however, Sherlock’s clients had hired him after their son had spotted a so-called ghost-nanny at night who fed him peanut butter sandwiches at midnight. They had brought Greg with them to arrest the Gardener that night, but he’d ended up getting trapped in a utility closet in the secret basement by the child who wanted to protect his ghost friend.
John shakes his head and starts to move towards the couch to sit down when Rosie calls loudly, “Daddy, you dance with us too!”
“I'm still tracking. Nothing so far...” and to indulge his brother he asked, “...you?”
. So, affair, unhappy, with Carter. But now there's her Mobile... or lack thereof. There's a cable for charging on but no phone? She had a lover but she doesn't have her phone on her? Why? There's a chance she's left it in her room, but then, there's a chance she didn't and the killer has it. But with the phone lines down, we've no way of calling it to see.” he finished.
, Sherlock. I've been doing nothing but working in a bloody clinic and planning weddings for almost a year now.”
“Yep. Well, no, I
Mary came out from the back then in the same fancy dress from earlier and held up her hands. “Oh, no, gentlemen, gentlemen, he's not Harry – Harry's ... well she's a girl,” She explained, then turning to John asked, “Hey, John...?”
“Shut up, John.” Sherlock replies to the voice. Oh, John Watson. What had he done to him? Sherlock had spent last night and most of this morning in the comforting arms of another man and yet he’d laid there thinking, even in his dreams that nice as it was, it would never be what he really wanted. He walks over to his desk, dejected, and scribbles a note that he stabs onto the bathroom door angrily before locking himself in his bedroom to sleep. Ugh. Sentiment.
children. Seeing as it’s
She’d been bugging him on and off ever since and finally he’d cracked. At first he’d wondered why she was so adamant, but then, one evening after a particularly long case, Sherlock had found himself in John’s home as they both made sure to relieve the poor nanny of her duties. They’d checked on the sleeping baby and had then left to sit in the living room and have a few drinks and watch telly while still occasionally giggling about the crime scene they had left every time they caught a glimpse of each other’s eyes. Sherlock had felt his throat suddenly restrict with longing and Eurus’ words and song had come to mind. ‘Fine,’ he’d told mind-palace-Eurus, ‘I’ll go have sex as soon as I’m able, but just so you know, you are simultaneously a genius and the absolute worst.’ Mind-palace-Eurus had simply laughed. He was sure real-Eurus would do the same.
At the look of confusion on both John and Harry's faces he explained, “William Sherlock Scott Holmes. I use Sherlock for the by-line as it seems a tad more romantic, also I don't get stalked by the Crazy brides and grooms.” Harry giggled at that, while Sherlock continued, “So how did you meet Mary?”
John shook himself, “Right! Sorry, Mary this is my sister Harriet, Harry this is my Mary– no! I didn't mean it like that I–”
Sherlock tried to catch up but only just caught a glimpse of John quickly removing his suit in the car.
John turned back to Sherlock, and he huffed out the kind of laugh that only escapes people once they're past the point of anger escaped his lips, “Oh, Holmes, trust me I had
A very camp man with an accent who is nearest the hostess answers, clapping, “Oh, marvelous! Simply marvelous, darling! Oh, you had such a perfect routine this week, there’s not much I can say! Your expression! Your feeling! My god! What can I say? Just wonderful! Simply wonderful!”
The man stared from the girl to John, “Hey... well so you are!” He exclaimed excitedly.
----------
find him physically attractive, no matter what he claimed. In any case Sherlock had to find a way to distract the cabby, and get out of this fast or at least get what he wanted out of him without an unpleasant outcome on Sherlock's end.
Iris covers her mouth as she looks at Sherlock and giggles.
Sherlock shivers at the thought. John grasps onto the hand stroking Sherlock’s cock and gives it two more pulls before removing Sherlock’s hand and pressing it to his side. “No more of that, now, Holmes,” John whispers against Sherlock’s belly. He brings his other hand towards the one still inserting a finger inside of Sherlock and pulls it out, pressing that one to the side as well, but releasing it in favour of spreading Sherlock’s thighs open himself. John gives Sherlock a sultry look and begins to crawl back, licking a trail down past Sherlock’s pubis, between his thigh and his pelvis and down lower and lower until he reaches his prize. Sherlock’s tight hole is already a little prepared from Sherlock’s eager finger, but now John is going to spread it open with his mouth.
“Fine! Fine! Because it's you, but if she crosses me, I'm going to beat her, then I'm going to beat you, and
“Shut it, you,” John snickers, shuffling over to push Sherlock lightly.
At the use of the word ‘dance’ Rosie seems to suddenly recall her mission and she exclaims her first words since the meal began while kicking her little feet excitedly, “I wanna dance!”
John raises a brow at her, “Well that’s one way to greet your dad,” he comments with a fond smile as he reaches for her, “Now what have you been up to, young lady.”
Sherlock suddenly scoffs as he realizes where John’s funny little brain has taken him this time. “Oh, John do shut up,” he says, exasperated.
“...Oh... Yes, I suppose she is.” Sherlock said “And?” he added looking up at John.
John feels his face morphing into an expression of incredulity. His mouth opens in a slight gape with a hint of an amused smile while his brow raises in confusion, because John knew Sherlock could dance a waltz - he’d been rigorous in his training before John’s wedding - but never in a thousand years could John have guessed that Sherlock had the ability to move like
“Yup! At first when I rang they said they had no availability for
! You're so hard-wired to do what society deems right that you don't even notice how much damage it's doing to your own boring little brain. 'I'm John Watson, I hurt no one and help every one who asks even if it's against my desires because that's what I've been programmed to do'!” Sherlock spat, “Yes, I can see now how between the two of us
doing here?”
“Sherlock.” Mycroft warned.
…” and, had that been a
Mrs. Laurinston's Gardens. Eh?? Anyone? Anyone? I'm so funny. No I know I'm not shhh. I think there are other easter eggs from the sherlock but i don't remember them. I didn't proof read this XD
They were downstairs awaiting their breakfast at the little Inn's adjoining diner a few minutes later, both shyly sipping their coffee and attempting not to stare at each other too much, lest the other notice. The waitress came by in a moment and laid down their plates, asking pleasantly, “Anything else for you?”
John stared at the photo, “Well, it's your flash, it's blowing it up weird...” John tried. Sherlock's brow went up, “Alright, yeah it's... not good.”
The audience cheer again and Tess laughs saying, with a sweep of her arm, “Oh, I’m sure he’ll find out soon enough. And speaking of finding things out, Mr. Holmes, can you deduce who we might have paired you with for the competition?”
I almost didn't split this, but as September has begun and I'm looking at a full course load I don't want to make you feel like you're waiting too long for them to at least realize they love each other. I do have at least one or two more chapters but I think we're getting close to the end now. I don't want to spoil the rest so I won't tell you whether or not i have any more surprises in store for them though. Anyway, enjoy?
“I'm good Sherlock. You can go if you like.” John mumbled quietly.
sort of look.
Sherlock ignored him, “The rehearsal dinner is set to start at precisely eleven forty-eight.”
John looked at her incredulously, “Irene, you've always been the one to tell me I need to stop being so polite and stand up for myself.”
“What? No.” John was very clearly annoyed. “No, that's okay,” John turned to Mary, “I'm sure we can get you back on time, I've borrowed Irene's car, that thing is very fast, too fast even,”
“Good luck with John.” The note reads.
On the telly the waltzing dancers finish their song to the last melodies of the song, the singer lamenting with a few last cries for all the things he should have done for his lost love.
“We’re alright,” Sherlock answers, “Iris and I are a little disappointed, obviously but, not in the results, just at ourselves. We’ll definitely make it a point to work harder this week, and perhaps, as Bruno suggested we might try to tear ourselves away from my little theme.”
“My Irene?”
When Sherlock had finally found Irene’s phone he had quickly replaced hers with a copy, as he had the first time. Unlike the first time, however, he had decided to keep himself hidden from her for an entire three days in order to try and pry away her secrets. He’d probably planned on staying away longer, but he’d only been able to remain hidden until an enormous man followed him to his hideout one night, knocked him out and brought him back to 221B. He had dumped Sherlock unceremoniously at Irene’s feet and Irene had viciously torn at Sherlock’s clothes until she found her phone. She had then smacked him multiple times with a riding crop, hard. “Did. You. Really. Think. I. Wouldn’t. Find. You?” She had shrieked, emphasizing her words with the strikes and adding a few more for good measure.. “You could have got me killed you little monster!”
,’ you said,” He swallows, “you said that… that you can’t help it.”
“Bit not good, sister.” He’d said, using the same line John had used on him when they’d first started living together (and that he sometimes still uses if he feels Sherlock is being insensitive).
Also: Ahhhh! Angst again! (but mostly anger)
“Sherlock, I've been waiting my whole life for the right person to come along...” He started, “and then you came into my life... and... you're nothing like what I imagined...” John drew little unconscious patterns in Sherlock's hand as he spoke with a fond smile, “You're cynical, and cranky, and... impossible, but meeting you is the best thing that's ever happened to me, and I think there's a very good chance that I've... well, that I've fallen in love with you.” John blushed as he finished, looking at Sherlock but not quite being able to meet his eye.
“All the suicides so far have been in London. My... higher ups have had me investigating them for months.” Sherlock said.
“What is your problem with weddings? Did you have your own huge fancy wedding only to have your boyfriend leave you for another man?” John asked, anger causing him to raise his voice.
think so, that's what I meant–”
“Hmm.” Sherlock said, looking back at Jennifer, an odd expression on his face. He opened up the little box, inspecting the cable again.
‘What you didn’t get his name?’ A voice in his mind that sounds suspiciously like John’s asks, ‘Bit not good, Sherlock.’
lie to you, everything I said was the exact truth. Why do you keep accusing me of such horrid things? I may have omitted a few de-”
but then the
Sherlock rolls his eyes at the pet-name. He isn’t going to dignify that text with an answer, but the attention does make him preen a bit. After all, it’s been years since anyone (other than Janine) has called him pretty and as the years get on he feels his age beginning to catch up to him. His hair is beginning to grey in some areas and the wrinkles on his face become ever more pronounced as the days go on. Sherlock sags into the sofa, lying down with the arm holding his phone over his eyes. He let the years pass by him so quickly and didn’t even give himself a chance to enjoy them. No, instead he spent them waiting around and pining away his heart like a Shakespearean maiden to man he would never ever have.
__________________________
John looked at him in confusion, “What are you doing here?” He asked.
Sherlock acknowledges.
“Right, right. I'd um, I'd completely forgotten you'd stayed out.”
Henry smirks knowingly. “Oh, undoubtedly,” he says seriously as he walks them over to a long settee where Irene and Greg have sat down to join a few of Henry’s other friends while Victoria has run off to the bar. He gestures for Sherlock and Molly to sit while he waves down a pretty young waitress and asks her to bring over a bottle of champagne and drinking glasses for his new guests.
“I’ve picked one already,” Sherlock tells them, then as John comes closer he leans in to whisper, “Irene doesn’t know. She really wants to do one about S and M but I told her it’s too obvious —it would immediately out her as Irene Adler.”
And another, “What? What happened?”
“Yes, John
“Oh, good god... What? You kept them
John smiles as he feels his pounding heart calming down in his chest. “You’re too good at that.” He murmurs.
And Molly can’t help it. It just slips out, “Sherlock, surprisingly,” she answers with a laugh. Wait. Oh no! Her face grows impossibly more scarlet.
Not beta'd. Not edited. Again. Just get used to the cringe-worthy grammar, spelling and fucked-up tenses. :S
Sherlock was now nipping and caressing his way lower down John's abdomen, which tightened as his hips stuttered while he tried to at least show some modicum of self-restraint, unlike Sherlock who was definitely making his way down lower. He felt him nuzzling against his quivering prick, pressing soft kisses around it, his hand playing with the light trail of hair below his abdomen.
Sherlock.”
Sherlock frowns, “You were thinking. It’s annoying.”
“I just told you it's not–”
“Nope,” Sherlock tells him.
“Oh? Then how'd you find out? What gave me away?”
John knows what Sherlock is talking about as soon as he says ‘giant’ “Oh – god, yes! With the truffle oil and the - What was it an urchin?” He chuckles lightly at the memory of Angelo bringing them a huge plate of pasta with seafood, featuring the most enormous shrimp John and Sherlock had ever seen and a huge Black Sea urchin’s shell that he’d used to decorate the urchin’s meat. The entire dish had been flavored wonderfully with truffle oil and a couple of other spices. It had been amazing but the hilarious part had been that the only reason he’d brought it had been because Sherlock had tried to sneak a few bills into the register when he thought no one was paying attention.
“Second-class post, cheap card, bought at the petrol station. And look at the stamp. Three attempts at licking.” Sherlock pointed as he handed back the envelope, “Gigi's obviously unconsciously retaining saliva.”
“The ones you're waiting for then? Are they nervous?” The man asks, leaning closer to Molly as the judges begin to speak, praising Sybil for her performance.
“Weeeeelll,”
His shoes would be ruined.
“Then what could it be?” The mousy girl stood, crossing her arms.
“And what
“Interesting.” She says.
John frowns at this comment and at where he thinks this is going - Sherlock and Irene did brilliantly - and he didn’t notice a single moment in which they were ‘off-tempo’ – sure John isn’t an expert, but he’s still pretty sure that Sherlock and Irene were near perfect. It seems some of the members of the audience agree with him as some of them begin to grumble and hiss in the background. Craig doesn’t seem bothered as he continues, “I like that you’re trying to keep a theme, and while yes, the song choice is refreshing in the sense that we haven’t heard it before and it’s not the same old jailhouse rock… well, It’s originally a ballad for a reason. To be honest I almost would have preferred a song I’ve seen performed before. The jive is a very happy dance - these lyrics and your theme, well they just don’t fit too well with it. I understand you’re attached to your story but I’m just not seeing it mesh. Yes, yes you ended the song apart and it was all rather cutesy, but it’s not the same emotional pull that perhaps a waltz to the original version of the song would have had.”
Sherlock turned on his side, pulling his arm from underneath John's body to peer at him silently. John continued staring at the ceiling. Sherlock lay back down on his back then, hands behind his head. “Oh. I see.” He finally said.
When they were out of earshot Irene addressed John, “Hey would you like to join us at my place before the party? Some of the other nurses are coming over and they're bringing tequila and stethoscopes.” She winked.
going to stop. “Fuck, we're hydroplaning! Shit! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck me!”
“Good morning.” John says to him, bringing his free hand to curl around Sherlock’s fingers.
“God, Sherlock,” John says, “God, I want you more than anything.”
She also snoops every chance she gets. She reads through countless work-related emails from people begging him to solve their cases. She delights in solving some of them herself and replying to the emails with what she considers to be appropriately surly Sherlockian answers. One day he walks by her as she blatantly types into his phone a response to a woman who was whining about an obviously cheating husband. He smirks and comments over her shoulder, “Just wait till you get to the one about the lingerie.” Irene immediately abandons her surly email to search for it. She isn’t disappointed.
Mary Hmm'ed and nodded in agreement as she took a sip of wine.
“S-s-sorry... I- I'll try and shut-up.” John said, making a valiant effort at being silent for a second before Sherlock stopped, blushing quite prettily, and looking off to the side he said, “No. It's... um... fine...”
Hey! Remember last chapter? How they were happy (and wet and sweaty)? And and the beginning of this chapter where they were cute and cuddly and adorbs and totally lovey-dovey? Yeah... good times. Gooooood times.
Sherlock hides his blushing smile by burying his face between his shoulder and Rosie. John had almost said ‘
John's face wrinkled into confusion and he stared at Harry then, “What?”
“Mmm, I'll explain later, but for now, keep your eyes on the door.” Sherlock said, as he walked John over to the little bar with a hand on the small of his back. John ignored the weird butterflies he got in his belly at the contact. “Order something.” He whispered as they approached, grinning to hide his speech.
Sherlock tilts his head in thought and answers, “Hmm, I think we’re ready to order actually, John?” He looks to the doctor for confirmation.
,’ he thinks. Though he rests his back against the settee again.
Angst. Angst. And recovery. And a discovery.
Rosie nods vigorously, “Yes! Let’s dance please!”
John took Sherlock's hand and guided the device to his own lips, stating, “That is not true, and I'm going to show you, you are wrong.” And he took the tux with him into the bedroom to change.
“Attractive?” Sherlock asked, winking as he pushed himself forward, supporting himself against John's chest with one hand and the other reaching back behind himself. John smirked and watched him “I think I've got some lube in the pocket of my trousers, can you reach?” Sherlock asked as him, gesturing over John's head and rocking himself back on his fingers while rubbing himself on John's stomach, “I don't think I can wait much longer,” He admitted through rough breaths.
, whatever you say–”
John gives Angelo a fond grin and shakes his hand in greeting as Rosie shyly hides her face in the crook of John’s neck, “Hello, Angelo, yes and thank you. Yes, she’s growing up fast. She’s two already.”
John takes a trip.
Sherlock gave him an
“Obviously.” Sherlock answers tersely from his position on the ground. He hadn’t heard her come in, the vile witch, a testament to how tired he was.
At that Sherlock explodes into another peel of laughter. “I’m not!” He swears, “I’m not crying, Eurus. I’m laughing. You made me laugh.”
Another note: this could have easily worked the other way around as well, with John being a wedding blog writer and Sherlock being an obsessive and amazing wedding wedding planner by deducing the couple's dream weddings or whatever... Consulting wedding planner! Dammit! Buuuuuut uhhhhh fuck it, this one works fine for now. Maybe I'll re-write it the other way after I finish this one. Anyways, enough rambling.
The other man watches him with a wistful look in his eyes, “Ah. Sorry,” He says, zipping up his trousers, “I guess I just rather hoped you’d be willing to help me finish what we’d started… you know, some other time.”
John thinks over their previous conversation as he watches them together. So, he’d been right, after all. Sherlock really was on a case, and despite what he claimed about his odd relationship with Irene, he’d still chosen not to include John. He frowns slightly at this and is about to ask about it but Sherlock clears his throat and begins speaking first.
“Strange as this may sound to you, Sherlock, I've had a lot of good times in those outfits, odd as that may sound to you.”
“Watson,” Sherlock greets cordially, though he too is grinning widely at the sight of her.
Harry smiled at Mary then turned to her mother, still grinning, “Yes!” She answered.
“...lucky to have you,” Mary was saying sweetly, “and that way you attacked that Carpaccio earlier? Very sexy.”
“Kate?” Sherlock had questioned.
Suddenly he feels his body light up like a flame as John reaches
Sherlock considers both options with a thoughtful look, “I don’t know how much of a trollop do you want to look like?” He grins.
“Was that really necessary?” John asked, laughing as Sherlock came back to the bar, “What about Jennifer?” John hissed.
“Oh, well, I told him it feels odd to have him serving me breakfast. After all he’s our neighbor…” Sherlock lies.
John watches them fondly, his heart filling up with warmth at the tender sight. “She’ll get it right eventually.” He says, and when Sherlock turns to look at him, still smiling, “Thanks again for this, Sherlock.” He hesitates, “and um... sorry about the client.”
“I would hope it’s unnecessary, but yes.” Sherlock says, watching as John squirts some lube into his palm and begins to stroke his dick. “Now,” Sherlock says, lifting his hips slightly, “Are you going to fuck me, Doctor Watson, or are you going to continue to tease?”
“Wedding announcements?” She asked incredulously.
“I'm sorry.” She said, her eyes suddenly worried, “It just sort of... came out of me. It was just sudden– I mean you–”
“Sherlock.” John says his name in a stern tone, “I’m serious. When did that happen?” He attempts to lean forward, to hold Sherlock to him, to physically turn him around, but Sherlock pulls away again.
Sherlock replies quickly, teasing.
“D’you... think we should ask him?” John intones.
Rosie grins and mischievously makes a grab for the spaghetti with her other little hand.
And suddenly they’re interrupted by a loud bang from downstairs and a shout from the front door. John and Sherlock jump apart as if they’d been burned. Sherlock instinctively covers Rosie’s head with the hand John had dropped and moved further back into the room while John moves forward towards the door just as they hear another shout - a woman’s voice screaming something that sounds suspiciously like Sherlock’s name and then the loud thumping of a person’s feet running up the stairs.
John looked curiously at the proffered serviettes, “I don't remember teaching you that...” He commented.
“Whoa, hold on there, take it easy” The man turned his gaze back to the bridesmaids “Okay this is a serious injury I need you two to leave now before you cause this man to faint again with all your frantic buzzing. He needs air!” The man glowered when the bridesmaids just stood there worried looks on their faces, “Now!” He shouted impatiently.
When Irene and Sherlock finally leave the stage they do so with the slight shock of their lowest scores yet hanging over their consciousness. Irene is terribly tense as she and Sherlock join Claudia Winkleman for a chat in front of the cameras. Irene is irritated and is not looking forward to having to appear humble. She’s angry. That song and dance were performed perfectly! Who cares if they didn’t like the song lyrics? It’s the dance they should have been paying attention to! What makes her even angrier is the fact that she knows how hard Sherlock worked on it. She feels his hand at the small of her back as they reach the boisterous hostess welcoming them onto the stage. Irene tries not to glare at her, though she is irritated by her presence at the moment. She hopes that the rest of the dancers to come don’t do as well as she and Sherlock did. She also hopes that the people at home who are voting don’t forget to vote for her and Sherlock to stay. They cannot afford to leave this competition yet.
Harry scrunched up her nose at being called 'little', but took the hat gladly as John took the rings with an awed look in his eyes, “Thank you Len. It's ... it's an honour.” He said.
Sherlock started to walk away as quietly as he could, but just as he turned Mary spotted him. “Holmes?” She called.
--------------
want that for this part. I did mean to make it a little funnier but it kept getting too sweet and adorable every time i added the sillies.
he types, ignoring the previous sexual innuendo,
“Oh, God, are you teaching her to deduce her toys?” John’s voice says in amusement through the door.
“It’s a little surprising, honestly, I can’t really picture you doing a street dance,” John laughs honestly.
“Alright, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked his little brother.
, it’s her. Something burns inside of John then. He taps on the next recommended video of Sherlock and ‘Iris’ dancing and now he can’t un-see it. The woman Sherlock guides and glides in a quickstep that John hadn’t seen before – the woman Sherlock had caressed during that sensual salsa, the woman he’d twirled into his arms in a cha-cha during his introductory dance – that was Irene. There was no mistaking it. John goes through interviews of them. Now that he’s noticed it’s her, he doesn’t know how he missed that smoky teasing voice, even through that thick accent. He knows it’s her, one hundred percent though, when he sees one particular clip of her, sitting in 221B, on the couch, dressed in one of Sherlock’s robes over her white t-shirt and jeans as she hugs an exhausted Sherlock to her chest. Again, he’s no idea what they’re talking about in the interview – he’s been devouring footage of them for almost an entire hour just to be sure he wasn’t wrong.
They started out in pants only, one wearing standard issue white y-fronts, the other in black briefs. As they kissed heatedly, they rutted against each other, grinding their pelvises against each other through the fabric of their pants. The blond was most likely a college student, Sherlock thought, while the trapezius muscles on the brunette suggested- Sherlock cut off his line of thought. This was surely not what John would have been thinking when he watched this, and the whole purpose of this endeavor was to gather data on John, not on the amateur porn actors of Britain. What
, would he?
Sorry this was so long in (ahem) coming! Life has been crazy, but I will not leave you (or John and Sherlock) hanging forever! It has certainly gotten bigger than my original plan of three chapters, so I can't quite say how many more there will be, but I have the end in sight. Happy reading!
“Yes, John. What do want?” He was pleased to hear that his voice sounded steady, almost bored.
his brother’s snide voice said in his mind.
Sherlock closed his eyes, placed two fingers to his lips, imagining. His mind was split strangely into three erotic scenes, as visions of John jerking himself merged with the image of the men on the screen, which in turn fed Sherlock’s fantasy of John’s cock in his mouth.
John’s chest, how could he know if the hair there was thick, or sparse, if it was the same shade of gold as the hair on his head, if it became darker and coarser as it grew closer to his groin…
(See the end of the chapter for
fire.
“Yeah. Probably.”
) were locked in a reasonable facsimile of a passionate embrace, in what appeared to be a locker room. One was shirtless, the other wore a football jersey. Visible erections strained through the fabric of their shorts. The blond one roughly pushed the dark-haired man away from him.
Sherlock wondered.
He sucked the first two fingers of his left hand, while his right, slicked with lubricant, squeezed and stroked and pumped his cock. He glanced down at his aching member, the head swollen and dark with arousal, sliding through his fist, imagined John doing the same, and gasped aloud with lust. The brunette on the screen now had his hands threaded through the other man’s hair and was just… unngh, just
Up next, stay tuned for Sherlock taking a highly questionable look at John's computer viewing history...
Hands trembling, Sherlock gently pulled the door closed again, then wiped the evidence of what he could only consider to be some kind of temporary insanity from the door with his sleeve, grabbed the bottle of olive oil, and fled.
Breathe in, breathe out. He no longer heard the sounds of John’s masturbation.
Sherlock took a deep breath and imagined John right here, in this very position, in front of this very computer, filled with arousal, guilt, and anticipation. Was he already erect, cock straining against the flies of his trousers? Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath as lust flooded through his body in a hot wave. He could feel his pulse pounding, could feel himself filling and stiffening. He drew a shaking breath, sure he was on to something. He imagined John, brow furrowed, perhaps, gaze intent, focused on the engorged cock sliding through spit-slicked lips on the screen before him. He must have been stroking himself by now, Sherlock thought. He himself could barely stand to have his cock untouched another moment. Did John moan? Oh god, he must have moaned, because Sherlock himself was moaning.
, for goodness sake! He frowned, somewhat startled by this realization, and by the fact that he had only now noticed this omission. Honestly, who actually brought socks into the washroom to put on after showering? It was absurd, really, almost as though John was intentionally depriving him of essential information.
Thus admonished, he crept up the remaining stairs, drawn to John like iron filings to a magnet, desperate to see, to know,
gay porn. Sherlock felt as though a bomb had exploded. He simply had no idea what to make of this information, and he felt his grasp on the entire situation slipping. Unsure what else to do, he sat back down at the computer and pressed play.
knew it was wrong.
He had the situation entirely under control. This very afternoon, he would-
The thought was both comforting and disturbing. How had John gotten so deeply inside him? And why would he want to? His own eccentricities had not been constructed to keep others at bay, at least he didn’t think so. They were just who he was, and he didn’t see fit to change to conform to some arbitrary, petty and dull social norms. But his abrasive personality served double purposes in that regard, keeping him alone, without vulnerability. By seeing him, not expecting him to be anything other than who he was, accepting and even apparently enjoying him, John had disarmed him, gotten through to him in a way no other had. But even John, tolerant and accepting as he was, had his limits. Must have. And Sherlock found he was not eager to see the limits of John’s tolerance exceeded. As much as he might wish to witness and catalogue every variant of John’s highly expressive face, he did not wish to see John gaze at him with the mingled mockery, fear, and disgust that he seemed to inspire in so many others. Which was why, of course, he needed to get this over with as soon as possible.
Sherlock felt as if his cock would burst through the fastenings of his trousers. He could hear John’s breathing, now, he was sure of it, ragged and heavy. And what could only be the wet, obscene, sliding of his cock through his hand. Sherlock moaned softly. He slid his hand beneath his waistband and unfastened the button. The head of his cock pushed up insolently through the soft band at the top of his briefs. He dragged his thumb across, smearing the slickness with a choked gasp. He knew he had to stop, this wasn’t why he was here. But,
“Probably water. From your shower.”
He felt that strange combination of superiority and emptiness that such things usually produced in him, gratified that he was above all that, while feeling impossibly distant from others of his kind who took pleasure in so many things that he did not. He shook himself, dove back in. John hadn’t stayed on the last one for more than a few minutes either. Next up, a woman on her hands and knees, being penetrated vaginally from the back by one man, while performing fellatio on another man who knelt before her. The bad music couldn’t quite mask the rhythmic squelching sound. He shuddered slightly, then moved on, as John had too, apparently. Why had John had such trouble maintaining interest? Or was that just how men did this? Like flipping channels on the telly when nothing “good” was on. Or maybe John, too, felt the awfulness of the whole endeavor.
As the initial horror at what he had done began to fade, Sherlock took stock of the situation. Very well, so his experiment had yielded little in terms of new data. His knowledge of John’s appearance was still lamentably restricted to those areas of the body which were not generally covered with clothing. He had never even seen John’s
Sherlock couldn’t stop staring at John’s feet, so exposed, on the cold grey tile of the kitchen floor. Sherlock thought of chemicals spilled, bloodstains, broken glass. John stood on his toes to reach for a jar of tomatoes on an upper shelf. Sherlock could see the soles of his feet, the arches. A part of John he had never seen before. Just… flaunted, as if it were nothing. He noticed his pulse quicken a little, and he felt a bit dizzy.
The thought came unbidden, and he shoved it away, mercilessly. Tomorrow he would initiate his plan.
Sherlock imagined John urgently unbuttoning his trousers, roughly tugging them open, stroking himself through the fabric of his pants, as Sherlock did the same for himself. On the screen, the brunette moaned, cursed, as he fucked the blonde’s reddened mouth. Sherlock imagined John moaning, cursing, as he thrust into Sherlock’s mouth. Oh.
Sherlock’s felt his face grow warm again. Maybe he’d better just leave, but he seemed magnetized to the chair.
Sherlock felt nauseous, his stomach clenched and his chest tight. Clearly this frequency of sexual release was deleterious to his health. And besides, John probably wouldn’t leave, and he probably hadn’t noticed, and even if he did leave, it would be fine. He would be fine. Fine. The word echoed through his mind, feeling more desiccated and hollow with each repetition.
The plan had proceeded without difficulty, at first. Of course Sherlock knew that the second, fourth, and seventh steps creaked, and he avoided those as a matter of course. As he climbed the stairs, Sherlock found that he had (unsurprisingly) been correct in his assessment of John’s current activities. The slight metallic creak of the mattress spring declared itself with greater fervor the closer he crept, and he could just make out the soft huff of John’s breathing, more rapid than normal, a bit ragged, perhaps, as if he had been running with Sherlock in pursuit of a criminal. Sherlock found his own breathing was heavier than it ought to be as well, considering his minimal level of exertion. His skin had felt hot, too, and sensitive; clothes felt too tight, and that little, rational voice in the back of his mind that he seldom heard, and even more seldom obeyed, was suggesting that maybe, just maybe, this was not a wise idea and he should go back downstairs and wait, and pretend he wasn’t becoming aroused at the sound of his (straight) flat-mate pulling on his cock on a Saturday afternoon… And then John had moaned, just a little, a rough, masculine,
would never want that, for that matter. He was married to his work, he had no time, no space for such a completely… completely terrifying… no, not terrifying of course not terrifying, he wasn’t afraid of sex. Surely he had meant that he had no time for such a completely
Well that didn’t go as planned.
He surfaced back to himself gradually. His breathing ragged, hands trembling visibly. Sound returned to him, the crude audio now jarring and intrusive. He went to pull the computer closed, but saw that the force of his release had spattered the screen. His stomach clenched and bile rose in his throat, face flushed with humiliation. He grabbed a tissue from the box at John’s bedside, and wiped his spunk from the screen, then closed it harshly. He stood, slightly dizzy, straightened his clothes, the truth of what just happened pushing its way into his mind no matter how hard he tried to avoid it: he, Sherlock Holmes, had jerked off to pornography. He was no better than every slobbering fool at the pub, slaves to their biology, highest goal for any evening being to rut like a base animal. Confused, disgusted, and oddly in desperate need of a glass of water and a nap, he stumbled down the stairs.
Sherlock finds out exactly why John is having such a long shower, and things get (ahem) a bit out of hand...
“My feet?” John sounded puzzled. “What about them?”
Sherlock sucked in a breath, and shook his head to clear it. Even thinking about his problem became a problem. He stared at the bathroom door where John was taking his morning shower, apparently oblivious to Sherlock’s distress.
when Sherlock had left his room that day. And as much as he hated to admit it, Sherlock had no idea when John had come downstairs, or how much noise he himself had made as he brought himself so frantically to climax. He had tried to revisit the experience in his memory to see if he could retrieve the sound of creaking footsteps, or determine the volume of his own humiliating vocalizations, but such attempts only left him feeling frustrated and aroused and he quickly abandoned them. No good was to be had from adding fuel to
Sherlock ponders his Lapse in Judgment and comes to a dubious conclusion.
that was it. He almost whimpered with relief as his hand slid slickly down the length of his cock, pulling from the head to the root, in time with John’s ragged breath, and the wet jerking sound of John’s hand working his cock. Oh god, John was moaning now, grunting a little with each stroke; Sherlock panted as he jerked himself roughly, feeling the heat pooling in his bollocks, and then exploding through him as he ejaculated hot spatters of semen onto the bathroom door.
Breathe in, breathe out. The shower was still running.
“Sherlock? You okay? You’re looking flushed.”
“Never mind.” Sherlock stared down at his hands, where they rested on the table. Those same hands that had been jerking himself earlier. He flushed. There was nowhere safe to look right now. He glanced back up at John and froze.
like- And with a strangled moan Sherlock spent himself, his spunk spattering on the floor in front of him.
“Sherlock?” he heard John’s voice from the other side. “Sherlock, you in there?” Sherlock shook himself, and attempted to ignore the instant elevation of his pulse at John’s voice.
The next thing to know, of course, was whether this was an isolated incident. He scrolled through the browser history, past rugby matches and news articles, Croatian pet stores and humorous animal videos, before settling on the next round of pornographic clips. A similar pattern emerged. Several short views of heterosexual porn of standard quality (or lack thereof) and theme, followed by a longer, lingering viewing of a gay clip, this one a standard bedroom scene. There was a single video a week later of a woman performing fellatio, which had been viewed for several minutes without being followed by anything else (perhaps that was enough for him, or perhaps he was interrupted). The next session returned to the prior pattern, however. The most recent clip, from about a week ago, deviated from the pattern, in that the only thing he had watched was gay.
He began to feel in a strange sort of solidarity with John, spending the exact same length of time on each clip as he had done. The next depicted a man thrusting roughly into a woman’s rectum (how can that feel good to her, she doesn’t even have a prostate). John had lingered here a bit longer but still only about five minutes. The next clip had held John’s attention, however. Sherlock saw he had viewed it for about ten minutes, and did not appear to have watched anything more after.
“Aren’t you cold?” Sherlock startled himself by speaking. John stared at him quizzically.
him, just thrusting into his mouth, fucking him. Oh god, imagine John so overcome with lust, his essential kindness and consideration overwhelmed by sheer need to take, to release. Sherlock was panting, groaning. The pressure of his hand on his cock felt so good and the images in his mind so powerful, fueled by the men onscreen. He thrust faster, sucked harder, imagined John’s hands in his hair, John fucking taking him, all control lost. The brunette onscreen cried out, pulled his cock from the blonde’s mouth to release in spurts on his face.  Sherlock imagine John thrusting once more, before giving a cry and pulsing hot essence down his throat. With a shout, Sherlock felt himself come to climax, semen shooting from his cock as the pulsations of his orgasm vibrated through his very core.
With a frustrated huff, Sherlock righted his clothes and swirled out his door to grab a rag from the washroom, only to find himself nearly crashing into a smiling (or smirking, was he actually
Sherlock tries an oblique route to data collection
“Oh. I stepped in… something. They got wet.”
“I’m fine, John, it’s nothing.” But in three steps John had reached him, and he was unbuttoning his own cuff with his left hand (
In fact, it was a rather long stretch to imply that planning had anything to do with what happened. Sherlock could feel himself hyperventilating, but couldn’t seem to convince himself to stop. In fact, one part of him seem to be still the detached observer of his own distress, while the rest of him panicked. What had he been
Sherlock felt dizzy with sensation. He rested his forehead against the cool paint of the bathroom door, and reached down to adjust his stiffening cock in his trousers. The touch of his own hand through the fabric was intensely pleasurable, sending echoing shivers of want coursing through his stomach, down his thighs, deep within. He had only meant to alleviate the discomfort brought by the position of his swelling member, but his hand lingered there, squeezing, rubbing just a little, in time to the wet, urgent sound he could just barely perceive over the rushing water. Oh, but it wasn’t enough. One hand still pressed against his cock, he reached for the doorknob.
John’s hands went still on her ribs, where they had been stroking her skin, occasionally sliding over her bra to dip underneath the fabric, just a bit. John kissed her again, a welcome wet slide of lips and tongue.
"Not good," John grits out, cheeks aflame. Sherlock shrugs.
Hands pushed at his shirt with graceless haste.
. John will be gone for
“Look at me,” he urges. “Look at me, tell me what you see. Tell me what you think.” Needing to see into his face, John grips Sherlock’s chin lightly and turns his head. “Tell me what you want.”
“No. I did what you wanted, I moved back in with her after Christmas. But, look-” I gesture to myself. “It’s shit; surely you can tell that it’s just really… shit.”
When he woke, there was residual warmth on the mattress beside him, but no body. John groaned and rubbed his eyes. He wondered if morning-after etiquette even occurred to Sherlock.
“Fuck, Sherlock, love, this won't take long, I'm sorry,” he gasped into his mouth. Sherlock made a noise of agreement.
“No, stop. Get online, buy your ticket right now and I’ll pay your way. Have a happy Christmas.”
“Morning breath,” she explained, remorseful.
He shook his head even as his hands clenched, imagining sinking fingers into him. “Pull his knees up and fuck him, I think.”
"No," Sherlock says, moving to sit at the edge of the bed. He squints in the half-light struggling into the room. "You masturbated in here this evening. You normally confine that to morning showers, except when you've got a girlfriend who's... frustrating you."
“You make me tea. You - you make me tea just how I like it, without being asked, because you know I always like tea first thing in the morning.”
Sherlock looks shaken.
“I dunno, he went home, I guess? I’m not actually your babysitter.”
“Yes, dear,” Sherlock quips, and they both grin.
"Because he was supporting a mistress."
“You mean it,” he says eventually.
“Mm.”
“Stupid,” Sherlock says, kneeling on the mattress.
"That is more difficult to discern," Sherlock concedes. "You should ask yourself, though, do you want to be a beta, or do you want a relationship with one?"
. What do you mean, like I can talk?”
“Nope.” John wishes he wouldn’t do that thing with his mouth.
He’d seen Sherlock’s back, of course, but John personally preferred for people to neither focus on nor avoid his own sprawling scar, and suspected Sherlock might be the same. With sweeping motions of his hands accompanying his nipping and licking, he kissed a path from Sherlock’s long neck down to his rounded bottom. When he took two handfuls of arsecheek and squeezed gently, exposing his hole, Sherlock made a strange noise.
"Good. Because I’m wondering if you got into a fight or something, Sherlock, and I’m wondering why the
“Will you -”
Sherlock wrinkled her nose. It kept tears from springing to her eyes.
“Nothing. Just. It’s nice. This. You.”
“What’s worth all this to you, Sherlock, seriously?”
“You wouldn’t dare.”
"Uh."
"This is my son, the Dread Pirate Sherlock, Captain of the Tarantula, scourge of the seven seas," Will commentates calmly. "And his first mate, Redbeard The Pooper."
“God,” she breathed. Rolling onto all fours, she shuffled down on the bed until she curled up over Sherlock’s thighs, and began to graze her nails through the curly hair between her legs.
The kitchen stays relatively tidy and always clean, Abigael often wants far more formula than specified in guides, and John feels he has successfully navigated the talking-about-Mary waters with his larger social sphere.
but his eyes say
"Yeah. If you're going to deduce it instead of opening the bloody thing, I'll be in the shower." Fifteen minutes later he came back to the living room to see Sherlock poring over the book.
Sherlock scowled as he sat opposite him.
Sherlock just twists and arches his back a little more.
“Sh - Sherlo - ah! Ye- God, I - sh-”
Sherlock’s seams rippling and contracting as he bucked his hips, tail bristling and stiff. If he’d been flesh and bone rather than cloth and stuffing, he might have bruised John rather spectacularly. Once Sherlock, sated, sagged into the mattress, John checked briefly that he hadn't
Sherlock frowned a little.
"It's okay, Sherlock. There’s no wrong answer. Don't worry about it; you don’t have to do anything tonight. Just let Peter look after you."
John pottered around the kitchen, picking up dishes and various bits of rubbish. He was only going to be gone for three days, but if the kitchen was clean when he left, surely it wouldn't be
Col. Potter. John was short, even in primary, and Sherman? Short bloke, hell of a temper kept tightly reined, heart of gold, Army doctor,
“John, that’s -” Sherlock gasped and did not continue. John stilled his hand and pulled back.
“You leave that. I’ll look after you.”
John placed a hand on Sherlock’s hip more to steady himself than anything else, and pushed in.
Silently John took another step towards him, pained by how small his voice was.
“Right, so when you said ‘belly rub’, you meant ‘hand job’?” John asks.
“Probably. Which one.”
“You take all the time you need.”
"What?"
John brushes water off Sherlock’s brow, for what it’s worth. Sherlock’s eyes smile up at him. Sherlock’s hands urge his hips to thrust forward with a little more force.
to wake up ten minutes later. Then I would have been back. With breakfast.”
“Is that all, though?”
“Moriarty is dead, no question. But more importantly,” he pauses and looks off, clearly planning. “I know
"Come on, John, we're ready to eat!" Despite her brusque words she embraces him warmly and kisses his cheek.
"You're part of this family," Sherlock reproaches him.
In the morning light, Sherlock is soft and delicate as they work around each other to make tea and toast. He sets the spreads on the table and catches John’s eye, blushing even as he smiles. John loves all of it.
“It’s not pity, Sherlock. Yes, I want to bury whoever did it, but I suspect Mycroft already has. I just… It doesn't change my opinion of you, I swear.”
“Please. Please be the brave one, John.”
"Have you got yourself another girlfriend, then?"
“Iocane powder.”
"Put it on, then."
Will shifts his weight from one foot to the other, and starts nodding his head. Then he begins to sing, and John knows that this is not Sherlock, but he feels a sharp pang of affection for his friend.
sleepy. You two have fun, just… quieter, please.”
Upstairs, he sits Abigael in her carrier on the sofa, to find her formula. When he walks to the kitchen to mix it up, he's pleasantly surprised at how tidy it is. Abigael begins grumbling well before he is ready, so he brings her into the kitchen with him to talk to her, for what it's worth.
It's been too long since he's done this to try anything fancy. He tongues at the slit and glories in Sherlock's yelping wail. Repeating that along with a gentle press around and over his prostate, it's a matter of a minute until his whole body tenses and he tugs at John's hair, so John pulls his mouth off, letting Sherlock grab himself and finish, spattering onto his stomach.
But no, he came to a string of listings all from the same site, which from the name could only be one thing. He tried not to feel disappointed in John, and steeled himself for what he was about to see. The date, 22 March, struck him. That was when he himself had been in Devonshire, investigating the disappearance of an elderly socialite. John hadn’t been able to come along due to his responsibilities at the clinic. Interesting. Perhaps he felt ashamed of his activities? Or maybe he was bored without Sherlock and resorted to more pedestrian forms of amusement. Data to be gathered, conclusions to be drawn later. He clicked on the link.
“Your feet.” His voice caught, embarrassingly, and he coughed to clear his throat.
In the days following what Sherlock had come to think of as his Lapse (both in judgment and in self-control), he had observed John’s behavior closely, looking for signs that John had noticed anything amiss. To his great consternation, Sherlock could not be sure. In his favor, of course, was the fact that John’s deductive and observational powers were only minimally greater than those of the general population; that is to say, abysmal. But he had been
Sherlock paused the clip, leapt to his feet, heart racing, head spinning. This couldn’t be. This simply could not be. John, his John, John with the serial girlfriends, straight, unattainable John, had been watching gay porn. Had apparently
Of course, John probably had not been here in the living room as he watched gay porn on his laptop. No, of course he would have been in his room, door closed. Sherlock paused the video, scooped up the computer and darted up the stairs to John’s room. After all, he must be authentic. It was this attention to detail that provided him with so much of the information he utilized. John had a wooden chair in his room, but Sherlock suspected that this particular activity would have taken place in bed. He pulled the chair to the bedside and placed the computer on it, sitting on the neatly made single bed. Ever the soldier, Sherlock thought fondly. He tugged open the top drawer of the nightstand, was unsurprised to find lubricant there, grabbed the tube, snapped open the top. Pressed play.
blushing, absolutely not, and he certainly didn’t feel a twinge of guilt at what John might make of all this); and as for John, well, truly what could John really know? He may have some suspicions, but it wasn’t as though Sherlock had been truly caught in the act. John hadn’t
“God, John, you could make me come right now.”
“Maybe not
Sherlock shrugs. "There's a terrible video with a horde of embarrassing moments. We were pretty inseparable, so he no doubt features."
“Time for breakfast,” she quipped, and Sherlock’s answering laugh turned into a gasp when John laved her tongue over her, soft and wet. Sucking kisses dotted across her hips bloomed waves of sensation. Her eyes were shut, Sherlock realised, and her hands teasing at her own nipples.
"Like you can talk, dear. You're the most bull-headed man I've met," Marie chides.
“Sweet dreams.”
“I - okay. Well. I’ll be gone before the end of the month.”
“I missed her terribly in the years when she wasn't working, so I found all her papers and studied them. Wrote her asking to explain them to me, like a lovesick fool. But I realised what I was doing, and eventually we stopped."
“Breathtaking, John, give me a minute,” he groused, chest heaving. Grinning, John pressed a kiss to his inner thigh.
Words failed him. His mouth opened, then closed again. John drew away, but at the loss of contact he twisted in his chair to face him. John’s face was closing off.
"You like rubbing your hand over my back and buttocks. You should do that tonight; you won't be able to do it in the same way after tomorrow."
“How do you feel?” he asked.
When Sherlock nods, John climbs out of bed, leaning back down to press another kiss to his upturned face.
“Yeah. Yeah, I. Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s hands were on herself, stroking John’s hair, pushing her own hair back, grabbing the sheets, shaking in the air as she thought about pushing John’s head away. She tried watching her, but John caught her gaze and held it brazenly until she had to bite her lip and close her eyes once more. Two fingers, now, were inside her, coaxing her higher and higher as John’s tongue pushed her closer to the edge. She was whimpering, biting her knuckles, thrashing her head. John didn’t seem to mind, though, murmuring encouragement and endearments whenever her mouth was free. Soon - back arching, fists clenching - shuddering, spinning - there, there, there, too much -
That received an eye roll as Sherlock accepted the gift.
“Um,” Sherlock finally gasped. “The bacon.”
“- by the mess going on over my back, never mind my chest. And of course it will change what you think of me. It already has. You’re looking at me with
“Oh, love, no. I’ve made you feel like that. You are. Without any of that - that
“Of course.”
They entwined fingers, and Sherlock inspected John’s nailbeds.
“Sherlock? You alright? You know you’re saying stuff about the inner ear out loud, right.”
“No, I couldn’t… couldn’t sleep.” John’s hands slid down and around him, trapping his arms as he embraced Sherlock loosely. His chin rested on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Right.”
Sherlock bit back an unexpected sobbing gasp and buried his head in the pillow beside John's ear even as his hips ground down. In a moment he had control of himself again, and kissed John's neck. He kissed John's scar, and his sternum. He ghosted breaths over the tight nubs of John's nipples, and nosed towards the musky scent of his underarms. John pushed him away but did not stop smiling.
“Ever try that, Sherlock? Did you sneak a boyfriend in here, ask him to fuck you?  Did he bite your lip to keep you quiet? I know you’re not usually quiet. Hmm?”
It didn’t take long; John could see his face flicker through
"Good. You have to tell Mum."
“Peter,” he said, then realised what he was about to ask. “Is he nice and ready,” he choked out, “d’you think?”
"Not necessarily. He may have been an accomplice or simply a confidant."
“Are you trying - to make me yell - instead of you?” John grits out.
“I don’t
, Sherlock, if you do that, if you run off into danger alone, I will
“I don’t understand.”
Sherlock nodded.
A snort issues from John, and he sits gingerly on the edge of Sherlock’s bed.
He wakes to a very full bladder, which is no surprise, and Sherlock's erection pressing against his hip, which kind of is. Stroking his hair, John murmurs to him to wake him up.
His hand slips up to Sherlock’s cheek.
“But it’s not all.”
When John squeezes his hands, he risks looking at him, and is captured by his eyes. They are soft, like they were at his wedding, when he did not let himself hope. Now, unbidden, hope flares.
“At least. I couldn't help it.”
John stares at him.
“You alright? This okay?”
“I’ll sleep a while,” Sherlock promised, physically pushing John onto the queen-size bed. He slid under the covers and wriggled to the far side, looking without focus past Sherlock, who swiftly changed into his pyjamas and folded his clothes back into his bag.
He slumped, the sudden anger not even Sherlock could goad him into melting away. Of course Harry could tell.
A shrug.
John comes back, eventually. He resumes assisting Sherlock with The Work, and things are good. Relatively. In five years, John’s life has been directly - seriously - threatened, more than half a dozen times now. His psychological health has been on something of a rollercoaster in that time as well, and Sherlock knows he is responsible. It’s been impossible to deny John from joining him though, when he looks pleadingly up at Sherlock, his eyes huge and bright.
Sherlock nodded, his hair wild, and curled into himself somewhat, curving his back invitingly for John to mold himself to. He pressed innumerable kisses into his skin as he worked his hips and started really fucking into him.
It’s John’s voice, right outside his bedroom door, sounding uncharacteristically timid. “Sherlock, I want to talk to you.”
“So, um, why the, uh,” he gestures at his forehead.
you didn't come to me for help if you did.”
“No, I – John.” John does not seem too invested in hearing an answer, as he is already undoing Sherlock’s flies. He wants to tell him, though.
until i'm done."
When the ear is hit by sound waves, the eardrum vibrates, nudging the hammer, anvil, and stirrup into motion, which then pushes against the oval window of the cochlea. This movement sends the perilymph inside the cochlea swirling around its bony labyrinth. The pressure waves exerted by the liquid are registered by hair cells within the organ of Corti, and these cells communicate with cochlear nerve fibres that send signals to the brain to be translated into noises. Sherlock considered that one of these many steps had been compromised and that she had misheard John.
to tell you, it’s been killing me to not just-” he reached out to touch his thumb to Sherlock’s full lower lip. “To not just kiss you, and kiss you, and make you know how loved you are.”
John stumbled over the threshold into Sherlock’s room, Sherlock’s hand encircling his wrist. He tried to keep his breathing even when he was pulled onto the bed, onto Sherlock.
"To each other?" Sherlock turns his hand over, like an invitation, and John traces his fingertips around his palm. He does not look at Sherlock, not yet.
“Now,” John said, his stomach sinking and his heart in his throat, “I kiss you.”
Despite his words, John was the one to move, throwing a leg over one of Sherlock’s and tucking his knee in close.
“Irrelevant. You wanted to.”
“I'm counting on it.”
. When they sit toe-to-toe to eat, Sherlock tries one last thing. It’s been recommended to him numerous times, but he doubts its usefulness. Still. Nothing to lose.
John breaks the silence.
“It’s all… very good. Thank you.” When his fingertip slipped back out, Sherlock grasped his hand and pulled it around himself. John settled in, waited for him to say something or to let go, but he fell asleep before either happened.
“Oh, Oh yes, of course. I had thought maybe you meant,
told me how you figured out how to get there in time, and I know what state you were in at that point.”
John chuckled.
John stares at him and Sherlock, horrified at his outburst, stares back.
Putting my hand to my face, I shake my head.
“Ah, of course.”
He waits for Sherlock to say something, but instead feels him disentangling his hand and easing John's feet off his legs. Grimacing, he tells himself not to cry or beg forgiveness for his stupidity. The sofa shifts as Sherlock stands up, and John is alone.
"Well. Mine's only this stumpy little thing; I can't do much more than twitch it. Harry got Dad's Dog traits, except she spent a summer when we were teenagers learning to suppress and fake wagging hers. I've stitched a lot more motion into yours, though. You could’ve asked Sally."
, that’s not all.”
“Mm, gorgeous.”
“I know.”
“I’m always clever.”
“So, you and Janine, you never…”
"I know. It's fine, ignore that."
“It’s not like that all the time; it can’t be.”
"I like it here too," John smiles, "but leaving an hour later will mean getting home two hours later; you know this. And," he takes a gamble, "I think you might like what we can do there, too." He slides his hand over the curve of Sherlock's arse.
“Good morning, Mycroft,” John says levelly. “Let’s never speak of this again. Please excuse me; I need to take a piss.”
“Yeah?” John asks. Sherlock nods, smiles tremulously, and flees.
“I love you?” John’s throat went tight, forcing his voice up into a question. The tongs in Sherlock’s hand clattered to the floor.
“We should pick up presents while we’re here,” John said, but Sherlock sneered at the suggestion. John glanced at her and huffed a laugh.
"She's living in America. She convinced the government to put her into a witness protection program. A long-term new identity, for free."
Sherlock garbled a reply as he shifted, and John kissed him again. They lost time there, steadily getting less steady and more desperate. When Sherlock pulled away to speak, John cradled his face in his hands, shifting to comb fingers through his hair.
“He said something that upset you enough to finally break it off with him. Judging by how you’re speaking to me, it had something to do with me. Are further details really necessary?”
“But… are we going to pretend you’re an Alpha, or that I’m Beta?”
Sherlock pulls away a little, and John takes the chance to twist and surge against Sherlock, rolling him onto his back.
John groans. He knows Sherlock is right, but that pales against the empty ache in his arse.
"Let me do this for you."
“Sod off, Johnny, it’s what I've got in.”
“Figured it out, then, I see.”
“Gonna kiss you,” John choked out, gathering himself to lean in and kiss a little path down from Sherlock’s tailbone, soft and open-mouthed as he approached his anus. When he ran his tongue over the puckered skin, Sherlock squawked and jerked his head up.
“Sherlock.”
"I do still listen," John replied, trying to focus on Sherlock’s clear enjoyment of the volume instead of his claim that John's relationship with Mary was best described as 'infatuation'.
“Fuck, Sherlock, let me - let me -”
There is a long silence as Sherlock drags his eyes to John’s face. It continues as he checks John’s hands and tremulously reaches up to take John’s pulse at his throat.
“You come back to bed and let me kiss you properly,” he said.
“Not going to,” John assured him, “but don’t you want to clean up?”
“Good.”
“Yeah,” he gasps. “This, I want. And. Everything else.”
"Jesus Christ, Sherlock, one day you'll have to just admit to reading minds."
She wasn't being unreasonable. When John first had a blog and was
hand, and when he is alone, he likes to touch himself, imagining it is John.
“I - uh.”
“I love you,” she told him seriously. “Good luck.”
“Shut up, I’m sleeping. It’s your own fault, making me sleep. Leave me alone.”
that is very good. Slowly his hips roll and grind into John, who holds him so close, so tight, leaving no room for uncertainty. He grins unreservedly down at John.
"No," he says, "but it would be faster to give her to Mrs Hudson and let me help."
“Oh my god,” John smiles in realisation. “This is the Big Brother Talk.”
John wakes to his mattress shifting. Sherlock is sitting on the edge of the bed, very still.
“Sherlock, sshh, it’s okay.”
“Fucking hell, Sherlock.” He shifted to grip and stroke his cock at a furious speed. The hands on his back trailed with impossible delicacy to graze his ribs, his nipples. With his lip between his teeth, he groaned as he spilled over Sherlock’s chest and stomach. Sherlock swiped a fingertip over his skin, tasted it, and continued tracing lazy swirls over his chest as John slumped to his side.
"I have a listening device in her cot."
"She walked into the staff room on my first day, John, at the university, and I just- stopped. My God, I thought, this is the most beautiful creature in the world. She looked so young-"
“No. Not at all.”
“That-”
, John!” he bellowed, and John hoped Mrs Hudson was not in. Mentally he cursed at himself for not noticing Sherlock was also still worked up about last night. Assuring himself he had comported himself well and Sherlock would not have serious complaints, he took a casual tone.
, and
"Don't wake me again until six. Then we can - can discuss 'boyfriends'."
“Good. Soon. I need to finish feeding Abigael.”
"Like hell," she snaps, surprising a barking laugh from him. Then she shouts. "Mike!"
Little more on the subject is said, but soon enough everything in the house that could reasonably called 'John's' or 'Abigael's' is either wedged into the car or stacked by the front door, and it's a weight off his shoulders, actually, to know he's moving back to Baker Street indefinitely.
“Just eat dinner tonight. Your caloric intake has been shocking.”
“Mary still in hospital, then, John?” Kate asks amicably.
a virgin, or that she could lie when John had a hand on her bare thigh. Her thumb swiped over the skin, reassuring.
Sherlock sticks a bare leg out from his snuggie when he overheats a little. He’s lying on the couch, dying of the plague and also pneumonia.
“Well, I care about you, don’t I? Why do you worry about me?”
“You just take a minute,” Peter told Sherlock, taking carefully even breaths. “Get used to the feeling.”
Running a hand over Sherlock’s lithe torso, John managed to stammer out an enquiry as to how he felt.
“You what?” John burst out. “I’m not the one being
"Different prescription, though, and regs said we could only suppress every other heat. A week's leave every six months didn't go astray. You could choose an alpha to apply to accompany you, as well. So, I don't know."
“I think… I think I’ve figured it out.”
“Mm.” Sherlock pursed his lips and looked past John. “That was…”
John nodded and threaded fingers through his hair.
"You don't know who I'm attracted to," John snaps, hoping it’s true.
“No no, I simply wanted to speak with you. Permit me to say my piece, and then I will abide by your terms.”
They made it through the rest of the day and most of Christmas Eve without an argument, admittedly largely because John could not focus on anything but the thought of Sherlock’s scars. He wanted to discover how they have healed, wanted to find out if there's been any loss of sensation or range of motion. He wanted to kiss them. Sherlock needed to know John's regard for him would not be lessened by a few lines.
"You do spend an inordinate amount of effort to pass as Beta," Sherlock observes.
John sets the frame back down. "When Irene Adler died. For real, the second time."
“Mm. Cloths’re there.” He flung an arm in the direction of his bedside table. Despite a show at grumbling, John leaned over to get them, wiping gently at Sherlock’s arse and thighs with his as Sherlock mopped up the mattress.
“You’re shaking,” I realise. Sherlock nods, mute.
“You’re not making sense, John. Put your hand on yourself; I haven’t one to spare.”
"Oh, yes, thank you, John, it's fascinating."
“But I need a haircut,” Sherlock said, stupidly.
"Good?"
“John,”
Sherlock sagged in relief against her, and felt, more than heard, John laugh once more.
“Ye-es,” he repeated, drawing out the sound.
He stood up from where he was crouched in front of the cupboard and looked in her face.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, and then they were kissing, something entirely different to the night before. John took innumerable little sipping kisses from Sherlock’s willing lips and held him tight as he trembled. Before long he could feel his hips bucking as well.
“You all good?” John asked, absently stroking his bum.
“You've got a headache and the hint of a sniffle,” John snipes, and wonders if he’s wearing anything under that damn
“Nnh. Go back to sleep.”
"Arrr!" the boy replies without slowing down. "My name's not Liam! I'm the Dread Pirate Sherlock, Captain of the Tarantula, scourge of the seven seas!"
“With your height and the structure of that couch, you’ll-”
She takes his phone and fumbles with it a while quietly.
"'Ah, well,' I said to him, 'I think people usually only get married when they love each other very much,' because, you know, I thought it was complicated, not least by Mike. But it wasn't complicated to him at all. 'But Mister Scott,' he told me, 'Mummy loves you about as much as she loves me, which seems like a lot. And you love her back just as much. So you should get married.'"
"I like it here," Sherlock repeats.
Sherlock makes a sound, and John can only assume he’s overstepped, that past innuendo had been missed, and shakes his head.
He begins by kissing little kitten-licks over the backs of John’s thighs. John breathes deeply,  relaxing his legs. Flexing his hands, he clenches them in the sheets when Sherlock nuzzles in to press his tongue against his hole.
“There you go, love. Dunno how successful we were at being quiet, though.”
John’s in a bad mood and Sherlock
“You can’t not invite Mycroft to our wedding,” John mumbled, face still hidden behind his arm.
“You were
“We are. I’m not finished. You swing between these casual touches
When they were both somehow down to knickers and bras, John asked her “What do you like?”
“Did you imagine me worshipping you like I do? Would you picture me down
“I don’t want to leave,” John starts, and Sherlock’s brain is overturned once more.
“Mm, very good. Come back here.”
Sherlock has told him exactly how much his parents have been informed of when it came to Mary and the baby, but as she steadies a look at him with all of Sherlock's calculation along with a large deal of Mycroft's polite blankness, he knows she knows a great deal more than that.
Sherlock lost all track of time, of the entire world beyond his body and the sensations John was eliciting. The kiss was drugging, and although the stroking touch on his side was technically fairly chaste, he was steadily becoming more erect. But John did not touch his penis. He bucked his hips.
“John?”
John does know. He’s also continued to fantasise about driving Sherlock mad with lust, about being knotted by him, despite everything. His prescription recommends allowing a heat for every three it denied, so it’s probably time to go off the suppressants until his next heat passed. He sighs and risks a glance at Sherlock, who looks a little bored.
“Yeah,” Sherlock breathes.
“Don’t go away, don’t go anywhere,” Sherlock repeated as he lowered himself, not at all gracefully, to lie on the mattress.
“It’s all over your face,” he smiles. “You glow with it, even - even when you’re just looking at me.” Their eyes meet, and the floor drops out from underneath him.
“Perfect.” Sherlock tugged at John’s pyjama pants.
“Then we get tested. But for now -” he slicked himself a little and rolled on a condom. “Will you turn over?”
He hovers, offering tea, calmly assuring the tea is not drugged, putting the telly on, changing the channel to something John prefers, calling to order dinner.
True to his word, John kisses Sherlock at length, pressing him into the mattress. Sherlock murmurs into his mouth.
“Of course.”
“You don’t need to do that, John. I won’t try and beg forgiveness again. You’re free to go.”
that if I were interested in labeling myself, it would be ‘gay’.”
“Did we forget something?”
Eventually John could see some of the tension relax out of Sherlock’s body.
John breathes him in.
“I’m not
“I’m a little lost as to what’s happening,” John replied. “But I love you too.”
“Don’t,” she griped, but her heart was in her mouth, not in the retort.
Still.
"Yeah," he nodded with enthusiasm.
“I don't mind,” John blurts. Sherlock looks at him. “If you were to come up to my room for - anything.”
Sherlock doesn't do anything as vulgar as moaning in bliss at the massage, but he does go very still and pliant and when John looks at his face it’s not
"And she never thought to ask for help-"
. I don’t want you endangering yourself for, what? Your pride?”
“Is is alright? How do you feel?” A slight nod answered his question, he hoped, because Sherlock was as unclear as ever.
“That’s it; I’m all the way in you now.”
Kettle, toaster, cupboard, fridge. Kisses and tea and jammy toast to start the day. Life was good; he hummed tunelessly to himself as he pottered.
“You know I love you, right?” She said it quietly, but Sherlock still felt pierced to the core.
‘Happy’ doesn’t even begin to describe how John feels, but as they climb the steps to their flat, nerves start to creep and nibble at the edges. Sherlock is well inside before John’s finished climbing the stairs, and is curled up on their couch.
“You’ve never done this before,” Sherlock realises.
and being scared to touch me at all. You listen to me when I worry about your awful sleeping habits or try to feed you. And you put so much of your work on hold to plan my wedding. That’s not just friends, you know.”
“Something like that. Get some sleep.” Nodding, John turns up the stairs to his room, but stops to look at his friend.
When he pushes open his bedroom door, the image of Sherlock lying on his bed, pushing fingers into himself as he strokes his cock sears itself behind his eyelids before he slams the door.
They ground against each other, and John gasped kisses into Sherlock’s neck. Blunt nails dragged a little on his back as Sherlock tensed and bucked and came underneath him.
“Da,” Abi declares.
“Probably not my strongest skill, but I’m going to kiss you here now, okay?” He cupped and stroked Sherlock’s cock.
“Yeah, I know. I’ll come do it later.”
“Say it? Please?”
John opens his mouth, and Sherlock steels himself.
“Oh,” he said, stopping one step up from the landing. Sherlock leaned into view through the kitchen doorway.
“My handcuffs? You mean
“Maybe tomorrow,” John suggested, reclining beside him.
“I want to, at the same time.”
"N-no, Sherlock, Mycroft told me to tell you that. She's dead, I'm sorry."
“So I’ll let my heat happen, hope it comes in soon. Wasn't there something you wanted to talk about this morning, to do with the case? For when we do get on it."
“Of course. Come here.”
“Very well done, John, but I solved the case yesterday and Gordon arrested him this morning.” He flips his phone in his hand to indicate - pointlessly, but John liked a bit of theatrics; they’re both drama queens - how this chain of events has transpired.
“Yeah?”
and his whole body is melting towards
worry about
Sherlock frowns.
“Sherlock.”
“No, no, it’s fine, don’t want to kick Himself out of his own room. Honestly, Dad, I can do that. I’ll let you two get some rest and we’ll be out of your hair in the morning, promise.” They say their goodnights and Marie kisses his cheek on her way out. John’s hardly finished tucking a sheet around the seat cushions and arranging and plumping blankets and pillows when his friend reappears, loitering in the doorway.
"Sorry?"
With a moan Sherlock nods. John licks the sound out of his mouth. He kisses him back, sloppily, unable to focus. A thrust rocking into him throws his head back, and John resumes his decoration of Sherlock’s neck, sucking, biting, licking. His fingers tease the delicate skin around the head of his cock, and it is agony.
"Sorry."
“Good? Not good? Too much?”
John pursed his lips and braced himself.
. In the kitchen.”
that’s how you say it first.”
"No," John agrees.
"Let's get started, then."
like last night. In the same way, looking back now with a clear mind - alright John,” he interrupted himself, “
“Sodium nitrate.”
Shaking his head as best he could with half of his face planted in the mattress, Sherlock bowed and arched his back, an unending motion both sinuous and tense. Little noises escaped him, and John watched fondly as he bit into a pillow to muffle them.
. Sherlock “lets” (insists) John also sit on the couch, and then says 'to himself' (repeatedly) how everything aches and he just can’t stop his legs from jumping, John, would you mind?
"Redbeard," his friend rumbles.
"Right. So, something... sleek?" He stroked some short-hair fur in a dark chocolate. Sherlock shook his head, sinking his fingers into the longest fur stocked. He smirked and hurried to kiss the disbelief right off John's face.
“I meant it, Sherlock, I want to m- God, it’s stupidly early to say this. What I said before, about… being at the altar. I. Sherlock.”
“Oh please. I’m hardly keeping you from wandering around having as much mediocre sex as you desire.”
It's in the Tesco down the road, though, that Sherlock shares his opinion of the milk and John replies with "I love you." It's entirely unprompted, other than that he's thought it for weeks and felt it for years.
"Hmm?"
John let himself indulge in some fantasies he’d had regarding Sherlock’s throat, licking and sucking his way down to the notch of his sternum and back. He could
“Put that down a sec, yeah? I've got your Christmas present."
He figures it’s only fair.
"'Liam'?" John asks mildly, and Sherlock mutes the video but leaves it playing.
(Sherlock is never satisfied until he’s got John rubbing lower, lower, low-)
the spot under his jaw that set him off, and he tried to pretend thrusting into the mattress was sufficient.
to kiss him - to hell with watching when touching is an option. He slides his hands over pectorals and biceps.
There was beer in the fridge, scotch in the cupboard, and vodka in the freezer, and they all called to him to take the edge off what she was saying. He sat down across from her instead, turning to look out the window.
Sherlock curled his hand around John's neck, hoping he would stay where he was, and John again slipped his hand under the fabric of his t-shirt, inching towards his waist.
“Yeah, I know, he rang me. Stop nicking my bloody cuffs, will you?”
"No of course not, you berk," he snaps. "I - no. There's no girlfriend."
John shook his head and kissed him again, because he could and because he didn’t dare say anything. When Sherlock broke away to gasp and moan, John trailed kisses down to a nipple, rubbing the other with a thumb.
“You thought I thought you were
“That was… ” Sherlock began. He looked dazed.
When he next wakes, he eases a hand out slowly until it bumps into a long, warm body.
“You’re b-” his nose nudged Sherlock’s ear and it twitched, making John jump back, startled and flustered.
, he thought,
John have been thinking? Would he simply have been watching, taking pleasure in two young, fit bodies as they took pleasure in each other? Or… would he have imagined himself as part of the scene?
, it felt so good, but too much friction, he needed slickness, he needed something. Glancing frantically about he saw a bottle of olive oil on the kitchen counter. As fast as he could he tiptoed into the kitchen, grabbed the bottle, and returned to the bathroom door. He poured a little oil into his hand and
Sherlock had no words. He retreated to the feeble sanctuary of his bedroom, leaving Mrs. Hudson to her thoughts, the content of which Sherlock tried very hard not to consider.
“Here, let me get you a Brufen, alright?” Sherlock listened to the soft pat of John’s bare feet walk across the kitchen floor, the slight squeak of the cupboard door, a gentle clatter of plastic bottles and a rattle of tablets and the slosh of water into a glass, then the slight footsteps and faint sliding of denim against denim that heralded John’s return across the kitchen. He felt a tiny elevation in the temperature of the air surrounding him as John came close, stood beside him, set the glass of water and the tablet down on the table. Sherlock felt the warmth of John’s body, the smell of shampoo and garlic, aftershave and warm skin.  Overwhelmed, he could do nothing but rest his head in his hands and sigh softly. He heard the faintest whisper of movement and then, for a moment, felt the warm, gentle pressure of John’s hand upon his shoulder, felt John give a gentle squeeze and then it was gone. John walked back to the counter, began to chop spinach, the sharp knife pressing through the emerald leaves with a wet crunch. Sherlock’s skin tingled where John had touched him, nerves firing in confusion.
anything, for instance. He couldn’t have. Sherlock was simply doing what he always did, overestimating the deductive capabilities of the average person. He knew, of course, that much of what seemed obvious to him was an utter mystery to most. Yes, of course! Sherlock almost laughed out loud at his earlier fears. John (mmmm, John, sighed a little part of his mind) was completely, utterly, and without doubt, oblivious. As usual.
Sherlock flung open the door. John stood there, face as guileless as ever.
Sherlock glanced at the browser history again. Apparently John hadn’t thought much more of this scene than he- he had only watched for under five minutes. Or else he had found it so compelling that he had been brought to climax that quickly. No, the next several websites were all pornographic as well. Sherlock clicked on the next- another man penetrating another woman, this time vaginally, at an improbable angle that was probably more for the benefit of the camera than because it was particularly pleasurable for anyone involved. Sherlock thought about the cameraman, the sound crew, the director. At least, he supposed these things had directors. How many people must have been watching this man and woman have intercourse? It all seemed exceedingly sordid and rather sad.
) and he was sliding his shirt and sweater sleeves up his right wrist (
John was holding the bottle of olive oil in his hand, tilting it slowly over the pot of pasta. Sherlock watched transfixed, as a thin stream of pale amber oil flowed from the green glass. John lifted the bottle and, as a single drop of oil slid down the glass neck, slid his index finger up the glass and caught the drop. Sherlock barely dared to breathe as John lifted his finger to his lips and licked it off, with a flick of his moist pink tongue. Sherlock couldn’t help himself from a sharp intake of breath. He closed his eyes against the ache of longing and sensation that filled him. What would that soft, wet, tongue feel like against the violin-calloused tip of his own index finger? What would those soft, thin lips feel like against his own? Oh god, the depths of his lack of information were vastly more far-reaching than he had previously thought.
Well, I'm learning that I was being quite optimistic when I thought I'd finish this in a few weeks. Started my new job, had the flu, etc. but I'm not going to leave these two hanging forever! Thanks for reading!
“Have you seen the olive oil, by any chance? I need it for the pasta.”
It was unlocked, of course. The washroom’s only lock was a simple little cabin hook at the top of the door. It was so easy to open, simply by sliding a finger through the gap between the door and the frame and nudging the hook out of its little latch. He eased the door open, ever so slightly, just an inch, then another, then a third. Warm air, thick with moisture, spilled out through the opening. He could hear more clearly now, although his own respirations seemed far louder than they ought to. There was the sound of the shower, yes, but beneath it, undeniably, was something else; a wet, pulsing, stroking sound, a rapid, ragged breath,
Sherlock told himself firmly. That line of thought was unhelpful, and deeply frustrating, not only for its powerfully erotic imagery, but also for its imprecision. He had never
It was about what he had expected, no better, thankfully no worse. A dark-haired man (late 20’s, cocaine habit, takes steroids, amateur boxer, waxed chest) was receiving fellatio from a young blond woman (college dropout, from a middle class background but not in contact with her family, why?, oh it must be the baby of course, multiple plastic surgeries- is that even worth noting, of course she has had, ugh stop it, this information was not essential). The man held the base of his erection in his left hand, cradled the back of the woman’s head with his right. He was standing in the middle of the room, an office set, it appeared (probably one of the tiresome secretary tropes). His thigh muscles contracted to keep his balance as he thrust into the woman’s lipstick-reddened mouth. Bad synthetic music played in the background as he murmured inanities such as “aw yeah” and “suck it like you mean it.” Like she means what? So very dull.
He frowned. Hope for what? Just because John had, on at least one occasion, most likely taken some pleasure in watching two male actors fuck each other, one could not conclude that he would ever be interested in engaging in any such activities himself. An even if he were, there was certainly no reason to believe he would be interested in engaging in such activities with Sherlock. Sherlock felt his stomach lurch. No, no, no! He should most certainly not be thinking of such things, John would never want that.
he thought miserably. Of course he had observed John many times, deduced his history and background, knew his habits, was familiar with his patterns of speech, and his physical form, although to an irritatingly incomplete degree- he had never even seen John without his shirt, for example, much less the rest of his clothing. John was in the habit, probably from his military days, of bringing his change of clothes with him into the bathroom when he showered, never emerging from the steamy warmth of the bathroom with only a towel wrapped around his lean hips, tiny rivulets of water winding down the musculature of his chest, his calves...
Come to think of it, John had been in the shower this morning for an awfully long time.
He gasped softly, involuntarily, and froze, but there was no interruption in the rhythmic sounds from John’s room. He pressed his palm against the bulge in his pants, willing it to subside, but the pressure of his hand felt good, too good, and it wasn’t helping, so he yanked it away.
After a stunned moment, Sherlock slid down his door to the floor with a thud, and tried to calm his panting respirations. My god, what had gotten into him? His face flushed as he thought back on what had just occurred. How could he have lost control like that? And thinking of his flatmate… well, really, his friend (it still didn’t quite feel right), his…John, just… ugh! Damn. This was not good. Even now, spent as he was, he could still feel a curling warmth of arousal up through his core when he thought of John. No, this would not do. He would stop this in its tracks. No one had greater self-control than he, it was all just transport anyway, a tool for him to hone and utilize as his mind saw fit. He would master his body’s desires, just as he had so many times before.
he had reminded himself sternly.
What was happening to him? What was John doing to him? And, more importantly, when would it stop, and how? He clung desperately to his shred of an idea, that the solution to his problem lay in data collection, that once his curiosity was assuaged, things would go back to normal. He tried to ignore the sinking feeling that the quantity and quality of data needed to slake this thirst might be far more profound than he had initially anticipated. He wanted to talk through the problem with John as his sounding board, as he had so many times before, but of course that was not possible. Still, he could at least approach the issue obliquely.
his cock in his hand just as Sherlock was stroking himself now. Sherlock imagined touching John just as he was touching himself now, squeezing that thick shaft, feeling him twitch and gasp under his touch, what would he feel like, what would he
It seemed to take him far longer than usual to cross the kitchen. Time became oddly slow. His pulse pounded in his ears. As he approached the door, the hiss and spatter of the shower’s water grew in volume. Sherlock strained to hear if it overlayed any other, more intimate, noises. He could not be sure. Perhaps John was merely enjoying a long relaxing soak, letting the hot water run over his aching muscles. Perhaps his old wound bothered him and the water soothed it. Sherlock hesitated. What if he was mistaken? But no, surely that was a slight rhythmic, little wet splashing sound.
As he reached the door, Sherlock could hear John’s breathing grow still rougher, more rapid, then a moan, a murmured indecipherable word and a stuttering breath. And silence, then the protesting squeak of bedsprings as John’s weight collapsed back down upon them. Sherlock, his hand halfway to the handle of John’s door, suddenly considered himself. John was no longer distracted, although he might soon fall asleep; however, if not, Sherlock could hardly enter John’s room immediately after John… did that, with his own skin flushed, his pupils no doubt dilated extravagantly, and most damningly an aching erection. In a flood of shame, arousal, and frustration Sherlock crept back down the stairs, and once down rushed into his room, slamming the door behind him.
That was the first time. And since then, it had only gotten worse.
And the ache of desire, and the need for release-
Sherlock sighed in relief, bringing his attention back to the present moment. Golden sunlight slanted in through the east window, illuminating flecks of dust, tiny particles of himself, and of John, and of the life they shared, mingling in the air. He could faintly smell the breakfast John must have had earlier, toast with jam, and the faintly earthy, comforting odor of tea. The hiss of the shower mingled with the sounds of traffic floating up from the street below.
Clearly, he hadn’t been thinking at all. At least not with his mind, at any rate. He forced himself to inhale slowly and deeply. He wasn’t quite sure how long he had been in this position, standing in his bedroom midway between wardrobe and bed, seemingly paralyzed by anxiety and humiliation, with his semen-stained sleeve and the misappropriated olive oil bottle still clutched in one hand. With a huffed exhalation, he set the bottle down on the floor and roughly tugged open the buttons of his shirt, glaring at the offending wine colored cotton before tossing it onto the floor and kicking it under the bed.
Having discerned the pattern, Sherlock turned to the specifics, settling in to watch the final clip in its entirety. The actors (if they could actually be called that) again were a blonde and a brunette. Sherlock supposed that would be a common theme, in order to provide contrast between the two men. Both were, of course, physically fit, both in their mid-twenties, both with larger than average endowments in the genital region. This scene appeared to be lower-budget than some of the previous clips he’d observed, amateur even, but what it lacked it slickness it improved upon in authenticity. Both men appeared to be genuinely aroused and enthusiastic, rather than turning in a rote performance. There was no feeble attempt at plot, just a video of two men having sex.
) John Watson.
The first time it had been accidental, almost. He had suspected John was… pleasuring himself (based on the time of day, and the slight, repeated squeak of a mattress spring), considered the fact to be unimportant and irrelevant to the task at hand, which had just happened to require the tissue samples which he had stowed in John’s room several weeks prior. Sherlock understood that even John, who was startlingly, deliciously, accepting of Sherlock’s intrusions into his space would consider it unacceptable to be witnessed in that most private of activities. So he would simply sneak up the steps to John’s room, and evaluate whether John was sufficiently distracted for Sherlock to retrieve the samples; if not, Sherlock would wait in the stairwell for John to finish, at which point he could enter without reproach. If he felt a slight twisting in his stomach or a warmth in his groin at the thought of John’s current activities, well, it was only an involuntary physical reaction, the like of which he was well accustomed to suppressing. And if he found himself increasingly needing to suppress such reactions since John had moved in to 221B, well… well, he really preferred not to consider that.
Sherlock clicked the link, and nearly fell out of his chair when he saw what it contained.
So it was that Sherlock found himself one sunny morning after John had left for the clinic seated at the table in front of John’s laptop. He often used John’s computer of course, made it a matter of pride to crack John’s woefully inadequate passwords. Of course, if John truly minded he wouldn’t create such passwords as FuckOff$her!0cK, he would pick a random string of letters and numbers which would be much more difficult to deduce, so Sherlock didn’t feel at all guilty about it.  It was another example of the ways in which John tolerated his eccentricities, no, not even tolerated, adapted to. It had become a bit of a game between them, or at least it seemed that way to Sherlock. It was incredible, really, the way John somehow seemed to transform those traits of Sherlock’s which others found most objectionable into something inoffensive, even endearing.
Breathe in, breathe out. Oh god, what had he done?
He’d never even seen John’s shoulders, except through the soft cotton of the t-shirts he often wore in the mornings when he didn’t have somewhere to go.  Sherlock secretly loved those mornings, even though he would tell himself he was bored, tell himself he was longing for a case. John would sit in his chair, reading the paper, propping his (sock-shielded) feet up on the coffee table, sipping his mug of tea, reading bits of news to Sherlock, who would then interpret what was actually going on, beneath the bland words of the reporters. John would be skeptical, or amazed, or amused, occasionally irritated, and he would look at Sherlock with warmth and affection. Sherlock had experienced many things in his life, but never before could he recall feeling… cozy? Accepted? Cared for? Even…
“We can’t do this,” he rasped, breathing heavily. “Not now. Not here.” The dark haired man smiled lasciviously. He grasped his erection through the fabric, and moaned softly.
“I need you,” he breathed. “I need you
“You okay, there?” John’s warm voice seemed to reach inside Sherlock’s chest and squeeze something deep within. He kept his eyes closed.
). Sherlock could not stop himself from a sudden exhale, almost a moan, really, and he should be embarrassed, should be humiliated, really, but his senses were saturated, the warm pressure of skin against skin, the faint pulsation of John’s radial artery, the scent of soap, and garlic, and something he could not identify… And then it was gone, leaving only empty cool air where the warmth had been. Sherlock glanced up, his eyes meeting John’s, deep blue, gaze inscrutable. Their eyes locked, for a beat, then a breath, longer than was normal, this couldn’t quite be normal, could it? Then John shook his head as if to clear it, and gave a little cough and a strange little half smile.
Things seemed to settle back to what passed for normal in Baker St. However, Sherlock began to occasionally openly glare at John, who had not been able to close his thoughts or feelings down as he had in the past. He tried to talk to him - just talk, although he worried about Harry choosing an arbitrary deadline to
he had changed what he was saying to be contrary, but if Sherlock honestly thought John hadn’t considered both fucking and being fucked
John returned to kissing at her clit, pushing her face into Sherlock, and she couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think. Then her hand took over, steady and sure, rubbing, sliding between her legs, pressing between to touch her, gentle and direct.
Loath as he ever is to stop worshiping Sherlock from between his legs, John kisses his way up his body, turning himself around as he does. He swipes his tongue over abdominals and pectorals, neither ignoring nor lingering on the silvery lines on his chest. He tastes himself on Sherlock’s skin.
"She likes you, God only knows why."
Sherlock produces a box of mints, shaking one out into his hand and throwing it into his mouth. He shakes out another, this time pushing it against John’s lips.
Glassy eyes stared him down. “You’re a hopeless romantic,” he accused.
Hands slide over his cheeks, and he opens his eyes in surprise. Sherlock is on the floor in front of him, his face close.
, John signs. "Listen here you tosser, you need to learn to take 'no' for an answer. He's not my boyfriend; he's my sodding husband. Piss off."
was giving.
Lying in bed, he can
“Honestly, I think I told Harry not to fuck up, more than I had to tell her girlfriends.”
Peter traced light lines down Sherlock’s thigh, Sherlock fell silent, and John burned.
“Um,” John hedges.
Soon after, the stitchspell began to take, the tail warming to the touch as it twitched or ruffled the fur occasionally. It made John a little uneasy, but he held his ground, doggedly working around the circumference.
“I received them directly before returning here to deal with the Underground bombing.”
“Christ, I don’t even know with you. You’re the vainest person I’ve ever met, Cat or Doll, with your cheekbones and turning your collar up so you look cool-”
Peter exhaled loudly and fucked into Sherlock in fast and increasingly uneven thrusts, chasing his own climax. It didn’t take long, and after a long moment buried deep inside, he gingerly pulled out, both of them becoming oversensitive. He slumped onto the bed mostly beside and only a little on top of Sherlock, but reached over to touch John on the shoulder.
Minutes later John hazily considered himself: bent over the bench, one of Sherlock’s hands fiddling with his tail, the other, gloved and slick, pressing fingers inside him. He was being kissed everywhere from his waist to his knees, firm presses of cloth and silk thread. He was ludicrously happy, rather close to coming, and possibly completely insane, and tried to communicate this to Sherlock.
up at all hours, banging around, sawing away on his violin. Irritable."
“This won’t - I mean - D’you mind,” he pants. “D’you mind if this doesn’t take long?”
. (Although, to be fair, neither has he.) John's face just
"I - How long have you been waiting to ask that?"
“Sherlock, are you-” He cut himself off, and Sherlock broke his gaze to pull at a loose thread in his trousers.
"Ah, so nice to see you both!" He returns John's handshake firmly, running his palm down Sherlock's upper arm. "Come in, come in. Mum's just getting drinks, and I won't be long with dinner."
"I've had explosives and a microphone strapped to me, Sherlock," he starts mildly. "My w-" he swallows hard. "My wife used conversations I had with her like bargaining chips with the same man. I do
He had to stop, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s heaving chest.
“Alright?” He knows Sherlock is uninjured. That is not what he is asking.
“Wait, wait. Let me do this for you.”
“I’ve never… like this, with anyone,” he admitted. Sherlock pulled his hips down to grind against his own, and lipped at his ear.
Sherlock spares him a withering look over his microscope.
“It's fine. It's
“Could you -”
without you; I’m here for good.”
“Do you have your handcuffs?” he asks John as they wait for traffic to clear, bouncing on their toes before running across the road.
"Took me ages to get the whole story, but her husband-"
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, and adjusted his unfastened dressing gown, inviting John to admire his form. He blinked slowly, and moved closer.
fucking there. Listen to me, William Sherlock Scott Holmes. If you do not uncuff me
"Go look after Abigael. Is she due for feeding?"
, too; they keep him in one piece. Unfortunately, John's hands don't touch nearly enough of his cloth, nor nearly often enough. John's hand, though, is
“I love you, Sherlock. Remember that,” recorded-John said firmly, and the video ended. Curious, he flicked sideways to see if there were any other videos or -
A startled laugh burst from John’s throat.
He rolls to face Sherlock, and watches him run his hands over Abigael’s sheets.
“That’s very distracting, John,” berated Sherlock, with a gasp.
“John.” His voice was already husky and broken. John rose up enough to lick another kiss into Sherlock’s eager lips, ignoring the creaking in his joints. Then he crouched down and took the head into his mouth, his tongue soft against the glans still half-hidden in foreskin. When he sank down further and sucked, Sherlock made a strangled noise. With a little practice he remembered how to undulate his tongue on the underside, enjoying the subtle feeling of power from hearing - feeling - Sherlock’s reactions. He pulled away as Sherlock’s breathing became more ragged and pressed a kiss onto his belly then pulled him down to take his mouth once more.
"Until I was about eight, yes. I'm named after Dad, but Mum wanted to call me something that sounded different enough that we wouldn't get mixed up."
“Now now, she’s been used to thirty-seven degrees for nine months. Keep her
“Oh, yes,” he smirked, and licked him again.
Turning, he knocks his shoulder into the doorframe as he beats a hasty retreat. He wants to curl up on the couch, but flops onto his bed instead, the better to let John clear his belongings away in peace.
At first, John wonders if there's something wrong with their washing machine or dryer. Then he wonders if it's his eyesight that's going. He changes the filter in the dryer and cleans out the washing machine as best he can, and schedules an eye test. The glasses he comes home with go on the desk in the living room, for when he reads. But still Sherlock routinely sees and brushes off bits of fluff from John's jumpers and shirts, even his trouser leg sometimes as they are driven to and from crime scenes.
“I – I wouldn’t say that,” Sherlock stammers. “My first, um, toys, I had here.”
“What, ‘I love you’?” He shifts Sherlock so he can settle over him, and pushes in as he nods. Long limbs close around him.
“Well, of course you make an admirable assistant, but if you would like to get back into some real medical practice, I have connections at St James’, or Hope Hospital.”
“Yes. I love you. Yes.”
Much of the night was spent on her violin, first as an accompaniment to filing the case in her mind, and later to soothe John as she tossed and turned in her bedroom above, occasionally crying out in her nightmare. She continued as John abruptly went silent, probably awake. Minutes later, she pretended not to notice John pad into the room and nestle into her chair.
“Yes, I believe so.”
“Off, it’s not fair. Get this off.”
“Oi, stop that,” laughed John. “Your hands are bloody freezing. Wait til we get inside.”
"His name was Redbeard."
There is a noise, something thudding against the door. Sherlock fears it may be John’s forehead.
“I was quite unable to stretch the skin of my back at all without splitting something open again. There were only a couple lines that cut deep, but Mycroft of course ensured London’s best practicing doctors were available to assist me.”
Little John Watson loved watching M*A*S*H with Harry (she admired Margaret but hung out for Kellye) just
"Mm. So she was back to teaching. I couldn't not chase after her, and for some reason she let me. And Mike, bless him, he knew what was up. He was already four when I met him, and before he was six he asked to speak with me, very proper, and wanted to know when I would stop wasting time and marry his Mummy."
Patting his pocket, John realises Sherlock is telling the truth.
and sat down beside him. Silence stretched for a moment, and John was about to prompt Sherlock, when he spoke.
Sherlock glances sidelong at me.
“John, I…”
“He’s not my boyfriend,” he starts unenthusiastically, before giving up entirely. Sherlock had swanned off just a moment ago - for another drink, a toilet stop, a cigarette, or a scuffle with a criminal - anything was possible. All John knows is that he is stranded at this pub table until Himself reappears, and the only explanation or instruction he had received was “I need to find out whether this case is worth taking. Don’t draw attention to yourself.” He supposes that last bit is about to become more difficult, as an oily grin spreads across leonine features and the stranger helps himself to a seat.
It’s all good.
"Of course I had a murderer chatting me up."
“I’ve never deleted anything about you.” All other expression is wiped away from John’s face to allow room for something akin to shock.
“Oh, this is what I was talking about at your wedding,”
“Speak for yourse-”
"Yeah," he mumbles. "Well. Home again at Baker St."
“So far, at least,” he heard Sherlock amend himself as long arms wrapped around him.
Sherlock's face screws up in concentrated effort.
Coming back with a warm flannel, he swiped with care between Sherlock’s buttocks and then, rolling him to his back, over his softening penis.
At first John says they have to return it, but Fawnlock spins around again and the skirt gets hiked up on their little tail. John goes to pull it back down properly but he gets distracted smoothing his hands over the fabric on Fawnlock’s body and it’s
“I think you’re gorgeous, you know that?”
“Oh, well. I like it when you’re clever.”
"No, stay in bed," John murmured when he felt Sherlock move to sit up in the morning. "I'll grab some breakfast and then we can sew."
“Who is?”
“Keep your hands where they are, yeah?”
When his hips brushed against Sherlock, John smiled.
“Go on,” urged John. “Could be Greg with something new. That’d be perfect timing.”
as Sherlock manipulated his head to ghost kisses over both his eyelids. They shifted to something more side-by-side, though legs and arms kept pulling their bodies closer.
“It’s always been you, Sherlock Holmes. Always,” he whispers against his skin, and kisses him again.
John has to let go of Sherlock's hair, gripping his shoulder with a shaking arm to steady himself.
“Oh,” John breathed. Her hair was mussed from sleep, and she pushed it back with one hand. There was never a moment where she wasn’t beautiful, Sherlock thought, but possibly a bed-warm John was the most breathtaking. “You don’t know.”
“Sherlock, did you hear me?”
“Yeah, I’ll show you, too. Probably tell you more than you want to know about me,” John grinned.
my tail. That is the important thing. If you could please stop
Over time, they’d gotten used to sharing a bed by necessity, but hadn’t needed to since John had moved back to Baker St. It had perhaps never been as awkward as propriety expected it to be, but when he woke to find John pressed against him, snuffling into the crook of his neck and shoulder, Sherlock felt supremely uncomfortable. Previously when he found himself - themselves - in this position, he revelled in it, but previous experience had not been preceded by explicit declarations of affection, however misplaced. He slipped out of bed and perched on one of the chairs instead, to think about the case.
They stopped their stumbling shuffle when John bumped up against the mattress. Immediately he began turning Sherlock, guiding him back and down. When his shoulders hit the duvet, he put a hand to John’s shoulder.
“Yes, but-” John cannot hear what he says next, as he has buried his head in the pillow by John’s shoulder. There are things he wants to say, things he needs to make sure Sherlock knows too, but he is
It's terrifying, how small she is. Pediatrics was never his focus, and he feels far out of his depth as he eases her into the crook of his arm. Once he's picked his way to his own chair, he settles in to wait for the formula to cool. Abigael cries without conviction, a thin wail. He studies her until he can feed her, and then he watches her drink.
just run off there alone! Don’t do this to me again! For
-” a firm stroking caress indicates where he means - “loving you, your softness, your scent, your shape? Kissing you? Sucking you? Licking you - licking into you?”
John is already fuming when Sherlock returns with to the table with their coffee and tea. “Josh says he’ll send over another waiter or waitress,” Sherlock explains, giving John a hesitant smile.
“Really, what for? Pray tell, Doctor Watson. I am so very curious as to your theories.”
“Smaller Watson?” John questions with an amused quirk of his own lips.
“Traitor,” Sherlock mumbles softly, so that the only person who hears him is Molly. She glances at him sideways and they share a secretive smile. He nudges her and asks out loud so that the others will hear, “Molly, do you have the invitations?”
“You’re absolutely correct, Miss Hooper,” Henry says, taking a sip of the wine he’s been drinking, “because I don’t
“I just like my job, okay? I feel useful.”
“Alright,” John replies, then yells, “You said Irene was with him – is Molly there too?”
“You’re teaching her to commit crimes now?” John laughs as he puts her little legs into her pants.
THE END
When the bartender turned to get their drinks Sherlock crowded in a little closer to John and whispered, his lips breathing into the shell of John's ear, “John, I'm going to give people the impression that I'm terribly drunk, I've been taking drinks from the bar throughout the night to help me with the charade– what I need you to do is to keep an eye on the door in the meantime, but you must also pretend to drink. Perhaps order something stronger after the scotch and take the occasional sip. If you notice someone leaving signal me. I'll let you know if we should worry about them or not. Try to look relaxed. Now, do you still have your gun?”
“Our Man of Mystery, Mister Sherlock Holmes and his partner, Iris Zaputannym.” The video transitions to a stage bathed in blueish green light. Sherlock and a petite blonde woman begin their dance to a staccato piano beat by facing the audience, holding one hand with their partner, stepping and tapping their feet forward and back in time with the music. As a trumpet is added to the song the blonde dancer twists into Sherlock’s arm and he moves to hold her securely by the waist as they sway against each other, both moving sensually with huge grins plastered on their faces, they then grip each other on hold and whip across the dance floor gracefully.
“We've got a few questions for you Mr. Carter,” Sherlock said then.
John’s face is glowing with warmth at his response. At last he stands and opens up his arms for Rosie, “Come here, sweetheart, let’s give Sherlock some time to get up out of bed.”
“Well, in that case,” Dorian says, grinning, “I meant it. You are a mystery to me and I want to solve you  – er, no that didn’t come out right – what I mean to say is... I want to get to know you.”
John takes a deep breath and starts, "The other night, when we... kissed for the first time..."
Sherlock smirked and looked sideways at John, “Sorry, my
“Okay everybody, I hope to see you all at my engagement party tonight! And John, thanks again for arranging everything.” Jim announced from his desk giving John a smile that in all honesty, kind of freaked him out. Everyone sort of nodded or confirmed their attendance as they milled out.
she had to text him right now in the middle of this... whatever this was.
As I said earlier this chapter was a challenge to write. So much happened.
Tess asks him, “Ah yes, and is your Doctor Watson here with you tonight?”
“Ugh. Disgusting. You’re disgusting. I hate how gross you are right now.” She says although she’s smiling too.
And that pisses Sherlock off, “MY
Sherlock eyes John’s nearly empty plate and his own then asks, “If you’re finished we could get going? I’d love to have Rosie over and Irene and I have rearranged the flat so it’s easier to practice at home.”
“What?!” John asked “You're in a club, you can dance here!” He continued, “Besides I don't think Mar–”
Mary smiled and dried her palms on her dress.
Greg and Molly gaped.
John finally cracks and starts giggling, “Sorry! Sorry! It’s just that, well he’s the only half-way decent straight bloke that you know, isn’t he? At least, as far as I know...” he pauses then because Sherlock has a strange expression on his face as he simply stares at John unblinkingly, “What?! Why are you looking at me like that?”
John knocked on the door of Mary's flat confidently. He was dressed in a neat tan coloured suit jacket, a cream coloured button-up top, a light almost olive green-grey neck tie and a darker greenish-tan pair of slacks. Mary looked at him appreciatively as she opened the door to allow him in. She was dressed in a long lilac dress with a black beaded pattern of leaves embroidered on it, “Sorry that took so long,” She said and added, “You look very handsome,” gesturing for John to come in.
Both men are temporarily stunned, with Sherlock pausing and having his second awkward no-blinking stare of the evening, this time directing it at Rosie. “Um…” he says after a minute, then turns a nervous glance towards John, “John — I haven’t taught her that,” he explains, as if John would be angry with him.
John stared after her and swallowed. He felt his eyes fill up with tears but didn't let it show, turning his back on Irene and marching out of the restaurant with a quiet determination. He would not apologize for tonight. Not right now. Not after all it took for him to finally say something.
that his fat head will just have to wait. I've been rather busy, as he very well knows, attempting to solve the mystery and get the scoop on the most recent suicide, since he finally decided to listen to me after I told him for the millionth time that Anderson is an idiot and proved he was getting it all wrong. Besides...” He added, noticeably nervous, “...it's not finished and definitely not up to par with my standards yet.”
And so began John's endless torment...
“No!... It's just... you asked if I had enemies and... well we've had a huge fight and I've been staying at Dimock's for a while, the whole village knows about it... But I don't think she did it! She would never! Why would she?”
Irene laughed; they were soon out of most traffic and speeding towards the wedding venue in a flash.
“Sixty-eight point four.” Sherlock corrected, turning to glare at his brother.
John tries to calm himself. He’s not sure why the evidence of confirming that the blonde “
Which is quickly interrupted by Sherlock cheekily asking – “since the dinosaurs roamed the earth?”
John blinked, confused. Sherlock extended his hand to John, looking hopeful.
The anger in John’s face disappears as quickly as the mood changes. Sherlock watches in disappointment as the doctor falls back against the couch, apparently no longer interested in… whatever it is he was going to do just now. That Woman! Of
He smiled, “Alright, John, I'll concede it fits you quite nicely,” he spoke as he brought the phone over to allow John to have a look, “But, come on, the colour? Please.”
“Their love is based on a deep understanding and acceptance of who the other person is.” John read.
––––––––––––
“Yup.”
Tapping her finger on the couch as she waits for Sherlock and Iris’ turn to dance, she looks in the direction of her bedroom. She’s babysitting for John again and doesn’t want to turn up the volume too much, lest she wake the sleeping baby and miss Sherlock’s performance, but she’s so excited to hear their song choice. Maybe just one bar will be enough? She nearly squeals as the screen switches to a clip of Sherlock in 221B - and Molly is surprised again that he’s allowed the cameras in there. Last week, as he and Iris got acquainted Sherlock had brought her to his home and had revealed his ‘murder’ board for a small case about a missing dog, which they solved together for the benefit of the public. Molly had been shocked to see him so co-operative and patient with Iris, but the reason why was quite evident as she had proved herself to be quite clever, helping him solve the case quite quickly. If there was something that Sherlock appreciates in another person it was their intelligence. The smile they had shared when the final pieces of the puzzle were in place had been the only genuine one Molly had seen on Sherlock while he participated on this show. Well, apart from the grin he’d had when he’d danced with her. Indeed, his relationship with Iris looked to be the only true part of himself that he was presenting on the show. Molly supposed that was a good thing, since dancing was really quite an intimate activity, involving trust and care of one’s partner. The two of them almost seem like old friends whenever they’re shown together. She’s a little jealous but mostly she’s happy for Sherlock and proud of his behavior so far.
John sighs, “Fine, you’re right. And I want to avoid Mrs. Hudson’s smug look of approval as much as possible as well.” He pinches Sherlock’s ass, eliciting a slight yip from the (consulting) detective adding, “I blame you for that by the way, with your loud screaming.”
After all the production and filming is over for the evening Sherlock tries to escape from having to interact with the other competitors for the late-night plans. Unfortunately for him, Irene is relentless and so, apparently, is young Dorian. They end up going to some kind of exclusive nightclub that, Sherlock is told, Dorian and Algernon frequent on a regular basis. Sherlock isn’t too pleased with the company he’s being forced to keep, all because of Irene’s manipulative whining. He’s especially upset because this has nothing to do with their investigation. He knows Irene texted Molly before going out asking her if she wanted to come, and is feeling slightly betrayed as molly had replied that she was tired and didn’t want to join them.
“Don't pretend like nobody knows. You never stopped your little crime-fighting adventures did you Mr. Holmes? They still talk about you, you know, in the underworld.”
Sherlock rushed back into the car, knowing that Dimock wouldn't hear them over the storm and put his keys in the ignition of his car, effectively turning on its lights and began honking the horn. In less than a minute DI Dimock and four other officers were on them. John had hidden his gun and the perpetrator was taken into custody.
“Positive.” Josh replies, and after a short silence continues, “You want to know what he gave me? Here on this piece of paper?”
Commitments was all Sherlock had left in connection to John Watson now.
“Very much so, Watson. Is it for me to keep?” Sherlock continues his conversation with her, not knowing how to return to John and hoping Rosie will choose to engage him soon so he doesn’t have to. It feels a little cowardly, and it probably is, but he’s not really sure what to say. John had just suddenly looked upset and Sherlock was sure he hadn’t said anything wrong.
“Ow!” John looked angry for a moment, but soon realized what he'd just said. “Oh. Yeah. That... Thanks. I... um ahem... yeah, right, I um...needed...th- just- you... back to work!”
His autopsy report seems to be missing, so now we have one dead person with no records on just how he left the world of the living and a missing artist that is being hunted down by a man threatening a bunch of sex workers.”
“Hello everyone.” John started, “In case you haven't already read this, I'll let you know that I have been to my fair share of weddings.”
The boy hadn’t looked deterred by that. If anything he seemed curious, “I suppose I ought not to bother him then,” he had said, “though it all seems rather exciting - what he does.”
“Where did I fucking put that thing?” He wondered aloud.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It's no problem, besides,” John winked, trying to lighten the mood “I've more experience eating than Harry, so you're in good hands.”
“Please,” John begged, still in pose.
“Oh yeah.” Harry confirmed, then eyeing the look on John's face amended, “It's recent.”
“Mmm've been better.” Sherlock smiled, attempting to look charming. This would be difficult as he lay here post-over-dose in a hospital bed. “I'll be fine, really.” Sherlock looked at his brother now, as he said this. “Sorry about the list.” He added.
did.”
“Of course dear,” Mrs. Watson hugged John goodbye while Mary and Harry waved at him from the sofa. “We'll see you later John!”
“Like I said, it's all fine... wait... are you checking me off your list?” John asked, reaching for it.
would have deduced that eventually…” he answers, “But you can see why I might find it a
John nodded his assent.
“No,” His mother implored, “No, John, you're wrong. Your sister adores you. Everything is going to be fine, my darling, if you'll just
“No.” John deadpanned.
Sherlock had just stared at her. After hesitating a minute he asks, “... and what does he want, in exchange for her life?”
John stared at them, confused.
“Er, yes, peanuts, I’m afraid. Couldn’t get to his epi pen on time.”
is. She’s my
Sherlock felt empty as he stared at nothing in particular while he sat at his couch in his own flat. His heroine needle sat neatly back in its box as Sherlock took in the feeling of the drugs rushing through within his veins and burning him up inside.
“But do this my way and you've a fifty-fifty chance of living.”
“Harry, understood,” Mary laughed and shook her hand, “Mary Elizabeth Morstan.”
“Hi, John,” Mary said, sounding a little tired, “Thank you for coming on such short notice. I really appreciate it.”
It’s hours since John left for the clinic and Sherlock has just put Rosie down for nap when he goes through the messages on his phone. Not a single promising case today, but he has received a couple of texts from John thanking him for the photographs of Rosie he’d sent earlier (there had been a messy yet adorable ordeal with her lunch today) and one from his morning visitor. The latter read: “I know you said unlikely, but I’m texting you anyway, because unlikely is not a no. At the very least I can say thanks even if things didn’t end the way I would have wanted. See you around, pretty-boy ;) - Josh.”
John watched as Harry's face went pale with rage, “Oooh!” She spoke in realization, “You have some
Sherlock's face blanched.
It was all mumbling at first, clearly Sherlock's voice, then some slight silence. He heard Sherlock speak one last time and he strained to hear over the rain.
Sherlock raises a brow, attempting to look bemused, but he’s sure he’s failed because the look just makes Dorian pout, “Come on, Mr. Holmes, drink with me? Pretty please?” He insists just as the bartender hands them both a glass filled with a mysterious pink liquid. Sherlock distrusts it immediately and hesitates, remembering the last time he got properly sloshed. The stag night with John felt like eons and Sherlock certainly hadn’t handled his liquor well on that night. There was no way he’d be letting his guard down around all these vultures. “I’m afraid this old man’s not much of a head for drinking anymore, little one,” Sherlock replies, attempting to be sweet, while also making it clear to Dorian that he fully acknowledged their age difference. He hands the drink to Jack, who sniffs it dubiously but takes a sip.
The voice of the male singers performing the cover version of the song cry, “
“Seems rather a miracle you picked up.”
Sherlock hopes not.
“John,” Mary spoke quietly and gently, “The man was a twat. He took advantage of you. Don't worry about it-”
Mary gave Archie a scandalized look, “Archie! I'm here for John's wedding, nothing more.”
Another nurse came up to them then, this one looking more stern, “Mr. Holmes,” She said, “If you can't keep calm, I'm going to have to ask you to leave.”
John just gave her a meaningful look.
ps. The title means "Where are you? Come back" I had a hard time picking a title for this one. I almost named it clusterfuck.
, John, I
“Thank you, Tony,” Sherlock says, addressing the waiter with a small smile, “that’s wonderful of you. Give Angelo our thanks.”
to see this.” The officer whose phone this is just smiles and nods encouragingly.
John pulls Sherlock to himself and holds him tightly. Sherlock swallows back tears and says nothing. He resolutely stares at John’s chest from his new position of his face, buried in the crook of John’s neck. “It’s really nothing, John. I’m fine,” he repeats.
“You could say no.” William answered, gesturing for the bar tender and pointing out a drink on the bar menu that looked like it was going to taste sickeningly sweet.
“He needs to RSVP.” Sherlock frowned.
Harry lies some more, Sherlock is annoyed by Mycroft, John finds out a secret, Sherlock also finds out a secret, there's a rain storm and there's hilarity and shenanigans spread out across the chapter.
“John why didn't you ever mention Humphrey?” Mary asked around Harry's head as Harry popped a fry into her mouth, doing her best to not look at John.
“Oh... I dunno if I can...” John began.
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
drives John mad. He thrusts up into the detective’s warm inviting lips, and savours teasing sensation of Sherlock’s light sucking. He groans at the feeling of Sherlock’s throat on a particularly deep thrust - melts at the touch of Sherlock’s fingers rolling his balls in his hand as dextrously as when he plays the violin. “Ah-hah.
“Let me see it.” Anthea said, sounding bored.
“No — There’s Irene. Let’s go.” Lestrade orders, his voice holding and air of finality.
The crowd cheers again.
John gave him a frown of confusion. Sherlock raised a brow and beckoned him with his other hand.
Sorry.
I saw you mooning at her over polenta, I
John's voice was steel as he glared back at Harry, “That was yesterday, Harriet. Today you're just the bitch that broke my heart and cut-up my father's wedding tux.” He turned then and walked out of the shop, leaving Harriet screaming behind him in rage,
“From the very beginning, Harriet and Mary,” John stepped aside to read as the show commenced “were destined for each other.”
Sherlock's deep, guttural and utterly primal groans bring John back into the moment. The man looks lost in his own euphoria. He's moaning unabashedly now and John can tell that he's on the edge of it, just like him. "Fuck," John whispers, "Fuck, Sherlock, I'm getting close. I'm nearly..." Sherlock opens his eyes and stares at John with an expression of a man lost in the deepest of ecstasies. "Yes, John, I'm... don't stop. Please don't stop!" He begs again. And there's not a thing in the world that could make John stop. Not now, not ever. The noises their bodies make are every bit as erotic as the gratified sobs being wrenched unbidden from each of their throats. The heat of them has spread through the whole room making it humid, making them slick with their sweat. Sherlock's pleas have grown incoherent once more and John is so close, so close,
, as if this were all a
John raises a brow at that, leaning back against the opposite wall, “Yeah?” He asks, “Not so much at the moment I think.”
“John!”
John laughs along with him, his giggles sounding as high-pitched as they had the first time, but John finds he doesn’t care, not when he feels like this.
Harry gave him a sceptical look.
“You do volunteer work? Really?” Mary looked impressed. John paid for the food and tried to ignore his embarrassment on Harry's behalf. “No offence meant,” Mary continued, “But you just don't seem like the type of person to take time out of your day for those sort of things, especially in those shoes.”
John frowns slightly at Sherlock’s sudden pause but feeds Rosie her bite and patiently waits for Sherlock to start again.
Molly looks to the screen then back at John and says, quietly, “Er... I have to show you something. Here,” she passes John his baby, who barely makes a slight snuffle as John transfers her onto his shoulder and Molly goes over to the living room to grab her phone.
John was staring at him, his mouth wide open in surprise.
- there, THERE,
know it,” Irene scolds, giving him away.
Sherlock chuckles sadly again, “Well, John, there’s the minor setback of me being a homosexual man rather than a heterosexual woman. For a while I’d hoped... well, I'd hoped that it wouldn't be an issue, but I was wrong. My hopes and my sentiment - they blinded me. Still blind me to this day in fact, when it comes to him. I see meaning in things where I shouldn’t see meaning at all. It makes things... difficult, I never know what he’s thinking. But when I look at all the evidence objectively - all signs point to a hopeless situation. Even despite all we’ve been through together, or perhaps because of it.”
Dorian gives a sly knowing grin, “Oh, I’m sure,” then turning to Sherlock he says, “You’re just in time. It’s Algy and Jack against Gladys and me – do you want to join our team?”
John made his way back over to William with his face still slightly flushed. William was beaming so brightly John had the urge to knock his stupid fucking teeth out of that ridiculously pretty face right then and there. Instead, he grabbed his drink from William's hand and knocked it back.
,” Shirley answers, “And for making me happy today, not just with your choice of song but those expertly performed lifts and turns, I’m giving you a well-deserved nine. Now, it’s only not a ten because there were a few off-tempo moments here and there but, overall it was very good.”
“It's not... bad... just,” John searched for the words, “It's not what it's supposed to feel like. You?”
“John,” Mary was back, looking slightly flustered, “I meant to ask... did you get that thing I sent you this morning?”
“Fuck off!” John shouted and walked into the building.
Sherlock is perfect at this too), but mostly, this is what Sherlock has been doing on the show the entire time. At this moment John discovers just why he’s hated watching so many of Sherlock’s interviews and interactions on the show. It’s because Sherlock has been flirting with the camera and the audience and the people surrounding him. He’s been telling them a love story and connecting it to himself – the mysterious detective who solves murders has been put into the background. Sherlock, to these people, doesn’t seem as unattainable as he has always seemed to John. To these people, Sherlock is a heartbroken man who just wants to be loved. Sherlock, in their eyes, is available for the taking. The thought that so many people could see him this way – that is why John has been so upset. Likely, that is why his jealousy has spiked and become much more obvious, enough so that it eventually became impossible for him to deny that he’s been thinking about Sherlock in a way that he hasn’t thought about in ages.
“I think he still is from time to time when he remembers.” Sherlock snorts slightly.
“But you're alarming me
The boys find that this is a nice way to wake up
“One hundred percent.” Sherlock replies, annoyed.
“That’s hardly fair –” John sees Algernon appear from behind Dorian and Sherlock to join them, followed by Jack and a young pretty read-headed woman John assumes is Gladys, “You’ve already got one person on your team – now we shall have to find another one.”
John looks between the two men. He’s confused by Sherlock’s sudden and somewhat panicked expression. Who the
“Here, let me help.” John said to him as Len looked down in surprise.
“John? What?” Sherlock asks, rubbing one eye as he sits up slowly and reaches over to bring Rosie onto the bed with him.
“Told you it would be fun.” Sherlock smirked, climbing on in front of him.
“Thank you,” He replies primly, taking the cards delicately between his thumb and forefinger, “This is why
“Hmm? Watson?” He whispers in confusion.
her.”
John shakes his head to wake himself and steps over to Sherlock, making quick work of climbing over him to kiss and suck at his torso. “You...” he says, “are going to pay for that.”
Sherlock looks at John again now and says, “a few weeks go, Irene and I wanted to perform a… not so legal test at the lab… we thought we had a link to the man threatening Irene - we were wrong and that’s a long story —but the point is that we snuck into Bart’s. Of course, there was a problem. Molly was in. I knew she wouldn’t let me use the equipment unless I explained myself so…”
The cabby looked back at the strange sounds of grumbling coming from the back, “Oi, mate, what the bloody hell do you think you're up to?”
“It was
“Of course you can, Ms. Watson, it's why I'm here.” Sherlock answered charmingly as John was left standing there looking crushed. John took a deep breath and went back to talk to Antoine.
Josh looks somewhat stunned by this, “Oh, um. Yes, well, thank you, Doctor,” He smiles, “and um… for what it’s worth – not that it’s any of my business or anything, but I hope you don’t mind me saying – he loves you quite a lot.”
“Right, well that makes perfect sense because they're all...” Sherlock struggled to find a word, “all so charming.” He said, making it clear he didn't mean it at all.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Infamous?”
; they have these sort of club mixes—” John informs him, “but I don’t think you’d appreciate how they’ve butchered the originals,”
Mary laughed, “Oh John! Are you kidding me? Any person would be lucky to have you...”
?” John questions, incredulous.
“Thank you, John.” His mother croaked out. John smiled at her, took his little sister's hand and led her to towards the reception hall to get some juice, which was where it had been placed. John had made sure to get a note of that as they walked in, knowing that at some point Harriet was going to get restless. She was still very little after all.
“Table five?” Sherlock asked suddenly.
“My old commanding officer.” John said as he read a note written by his friends Stella and Ted, “He'll be there.”
“So you thought the logical thing to do was to introduce Irene to Molly.” John finishes for him, “The woman who constantly sends you flirty text messages and the woman who pined over you for years until Eurus…”
John stared after him and watched as Sherlock looked up towards the sky and covered his mouth with a shallow intake of breath, his back still turned and his legs still moving him down the side walk.
Irene smiles watching the exchange with interest from her perch by Sherlock’s side. Sherlock, for his part, is still watching the dancers on the screen, frowning.
a child around. “Huh,” he says, “Well if you’re sure…”
John frowns and adjusts the squirming Rosie on his lap, “Of course,” he replies. He barely registers the eight that Darcey gives Sherlock and Irene for their performance as he concentrates on his girlfriend.
John tries not to be rude and politely shakes the kid’s hand when he pulls away to offer it. The young man grins and shifts to the side looking between him and Sherlock - “Wow! The famous detective and Doctor Watson! You’ll have to excuse me being star-struck!” He laughs, eyes glittering, and John hates the fact that the little bastard seems so nice.
As always I appreciate the love and comments and kudos but mostly I appreciate you all reading this. <3 see you in a month (probably, if I'm not failing school).
‘Snap out of it, Watson,’ he thinks to himself, ‘Just snap out of it. You’ve always known. You’ve always known.’
Sherlock is like: this isn’t what you think. I’m sleeping with him because I like him. (Or something equally as suggestive of a relationship)
“Shewock’s gone again,” Rosie says, dejected.
Sherlock’s scowl grows deeper, “Are you going to elaborate?” He asks, slightly annoyed.
John takes in a deep breath and exhales slowly but the evidence that it has no effect is quite clear when he hisses, “And how many more waiters are we going to encounter on our nice family outings?”
“No, no, it's good. Da would have wanted this, I'm sure he'd have loved to see you in it.” John's mouth was working on autopilot at this point as he tried very very hard not to fall apart.
Rosie merely giggles, allowing John to pull the little yellow top Sherlock had picked out for her over her head.
“You... It was from you.”
. Don't confuse them, John.” Sherlock argued, turning around and searching for another ugly useless trinket to put on Harry's list.
At those words, John’s stomach drops. Sherlock… loves Molly? But – he - ? And what about that man from this morning? What about him? And why didn’t Sherlock ever say? He knows Molly -
Sherlock seems to hesitate and he looks to Iris who had watched the exchange between Molly and Sherlock with great amusement. He tells Iris something in Russian.
was Captain John Watson. For some reason no words came to his mind as he stared at him other than:
“Look Sherrock - is you! You’re dancing!” She points to a large smiley face she’s drawn in black and blue with long arms and legs sticking out of it and some curls on top for hair.
“You didn't”
“Oh. Um. Good. That’s good.” Sherlock mumbles. He takes a moment to smile to himself then turns to Rosie and picks her up. “Well then, Miss Watson, shall we dance?” He asks, walking over to turn on a little speaker resting on his desk and then tapping on his phone to start a playlist.
“Horrible.” Sherlock stated, “What colour is that? Vomit?”
“What?!” John asked.
“Yeah, well, I wouldn’t have been too keen facing
“I can take care of myself.” He heard himself whisper.
This kiss is slow and sensual. It’s methodical and exploratory and oh so seductive. Their tongues swirl around each other in a complicated dance, tasting and sucking and licking at the inside of the other’s mouth. Sherlock is lost in bliss. This is what he’d been waiting for. This is an unfathomable amount of times better than anything Sherlock could have ever have hoped to experience with anyone else. All those temporary comforts - none of them could compare to this. This is like fireworks. It is like lightning. It is like falling off a rooftop except this time when he falls he lands in John’s strong, wonderful, perfect arms. And this is just a
Sherlock lies silently. He’s placed his arm back over his eyes again, aiming to look as non-chalant and needlessly dramatic as possible. On the inside his heart is beating uncontrollably and he feels his palms grow a little clammy with sweat. Outwardly he appears to be waiting patiently for John to get on with it.
John searches his eyes in disbelief, “Listen to me, you beautiful idiot,” John replies, “you are going to tell me who in the fuck did that to you and if that piece of shit is still alive you’re going to point me in his or her direction so I can beat the living hell out of them.” John’s voice is alight with a righteous fury on Sherlock's behalf.
The audience has grown boisterous and they boo as they await Craig’s verdict of a score for this week.
“We're getting married in two months?” John tried, an eyebrow raised.
It seems almost an eternity before Sherlock finally, (finally!) feels the bed against the back of his knees and John allows him to drop back onto it unceremoniously. He climbs up over Sherlock and kisses him again and again, their panting and groaning filling the room with the heat of years worth of unfulfilled sexual tension. Their bodies writhe against each other of their own accord, their hands sliding underneath fabric in light teasing touches. “Clothes, John,” Sherlock repeats, attempting to pull John’s shirt and jumper off of him while still attached to the man’s lips. John pulls back and silently tears the offending items off of himself and stoops back down to latch onto Sherlock’s neck, racking his hands up Sherlock’s torso underneath his top and tweaking a nipple with his fingers. Sherlock keens with the pleasure of it. John is... he’s so...
“What is it, Sherlock?” John asked, worried.
It’s a few seconds into their conversation that John realizes he’s being… well, weird really. He’s being weird. Sherlock invited him to come out for a meal and John is sitting here conflicting himself over his (newfound?) (sexual?) urges (feelings???). He’s got to stop thinking about this. He shakes his head slightly and finally decides to concentrate in the moment. He watches with fondness as Sherlock and Rosie talk to each other. He’s always so awed by the way Sherlock is so comfortable with her. John had always thought Sherlock would dislike children but he’s surprised John every single time he’s been in a room with a child. Sherlock is nothing if not attentive, kind and encouraging of them. Eventually, Rosie ropes John into conversation as well, though he and Sherlock can’t seem to find words to address each other. The silence between them is less uncomfortable now though, and John is sure they’ll find their rhythm again soon.
“She’ll be solving crimes by primary school.” Sherlock states, proudly.
Unfortunately as John puts the finishing touches on the meal, Rosie begins to stir. John sighs in defeat and leaves the meal on the table while he goes to collect his waking baby. Luckily, Rosie seems to be in a cheerful mood. “Dadah!” She says, then, with a cute yawn she rubs at her eye, questioning,”Ah Shewak?”
Sherlock frowned, not understanding. He said no to Mycroft all the time; whenever he could get away with it in fact, “But... you
“My goodness! Oh my goodness indeed!” The blonde hostess smiles at them, her face teary-eyed even through her grin. “How are you feeling after all that?”
“Right, funny...” John sighed and jotted it down. He was doing a lot of that today.
So lol, who hates me right now?
John feels his eyes go hooded at the sensation. He lets his body answer Sherlock’s question as he begins to allow his inhibitions to just drain away with every jerk of Sherlock’s hips against him. He lets that sweet warmth run over him, making his back tingle and his body shiver in ecstasy.
Enjoy?????
He types in a message for him, “Are you alright?” He frowns, deletes it, types again, “So she’s back then?” No, that’s not right. He’s not sure why he’s typing ut messages to him at all. John contemplates the why’s as he watches himself type and delete another message. He considers his feelings and finds… he wants to let Sherlock know that he’s seen the video footage, that he knows about Irene, but he doesn’t know how to phrase it. He’s not exactly happy about it (and why is that, Watson?) but he doesn’t want to actively discourage Sherlock from finally seeking out his romantic relationship with the woman. Finally, he settles on a simple text – one that he could send that tells Sherlock that John knows, but that doesn’t make him sound like he’s some… some… overly-concerned jealous pining girl or something. “Congratulations.” He sends the text.
“I... I... ah... she ah... well she was a young genius and top of her class in Uni, then she visited the top five most impoverished cities in the world and helped set up new clinics in each ... and then she came back to London where she became Bart's youngest female surgeon and after that she started her very own practice and pharmaceutical company all at once, both of which she runs today...”
“Yes, you have!” She answered, “You always thought that my life was so 'easy'–”
, I would sincerely hope you used protection. And yes, I’m aware you didn’t just now, you caught me off guard, but that doesn’t mean I won’t be asking for them tonight.”
news.” With each word he seemed to grow more and more angry, “Here, could you just hold this for a tic?” John asked, handing William his glass.
“Oh, my goodness!” Tess Exclaims, “You’re too precious!”
Sherlock is trying to concentrate hard on the film, but he can feel John watching him intently. His gaze is so piercing it makes Sherlock’s skin burn with want. The hairs on the back of his neck prickle and the air begins to feel sticky with words unsaid... but it’s different from the last time they had been together like this. The last time they’d sat by the telly and Sherlock had felt like this, they had both been somewhat drunk. Now... they were both sober and the desire was overwhelming him. He wasn’t sure how much he could control himself this time.
It still felt... weird.
“You said you did!” John returns, reminding Sherlock.
John purses his lips and comes over to them. “So how does my daughter know her name after all?” He asks, remembering that Sherlock had never actually told him why Rosie knew her name. He delivers the question with a steely glint in his eye and a shark-like grin, hoping that his attempt at a smile won’t clue Rosie in to the fact that John isn’t happy about her new… ‘friend.’
Oh,” she turned back to John, screaming in his face and waving her arms about as she spoke this last part, “But you'd better alert
“Sherlock!” John shouted, the instant relief in his voice obvious, and his head turned slightly so he could look back, his body remaining in firm control over the man face down in the ground, “You're sure you're al-”
Are you
See you again soon!
“You’ll regret saying that when she’s fourteen and she starts pulling the wool over your eyes.” John replies, picking her up and handing her to Sherlock, “You’ll be powerless to stop her.”
to talk to John.
“...right.” John nodded, turning his face towards the window.
to be impossible. She has to do a double take, rubbing at one her eyes to make sure she’s not imagining it.
_______________________
“You ready?” Harry asked John as she watched him fix his tie for what must have been the fiftieth time today.
