He pulled the latch, stiff from years of neglect, and it made a sound like that of a woman screaming.
thing even is. How could I possibly be of any help to you?”
there to be. He felt just a little bit more alone now than he had thirty seconds ago. There was still a strong friendship bond between them for sure, but Dean had been sure there was something more to it...
“That includes you, Dean.” Was all he said, and Dean wanted to cry. He opened his mouth to say something. He wasn’t sure what, exactly. Maybe he would just scream. Maybe he’d yell. Jack was
He traced his finger over the newly carved names he had scratched onto the table during his drunken stupor.
“I don’t think I have to tell you I’m not exactly thrilled to hear from you, but…” Dean held his breath. “You did help me out before, so I guess I sort of owe you one.
He also knew Sam wasn’t going to let him do this on his own and, no matter how much he tried to convince them or himself otherwise, he was grateful for that. Grateful that they were taking just a little bit of the responsibility off of his shoulders, even though he knew intrinsically that this was a task he, ultimately, needed to do alone.
you to help me get him back.” Dean said, the desperation in his voice seeping through before he could stop it; like sand through fingertips. He figured Max would at least try, considering he had driven all this way to come here.
Sam must have noticed his forlorn expression and finally broke the silence. “It’s pretty quiet.” He said, which he thought was a pretty good summary of his thoughts. Dean looked down at his beer, trying to steady his breath.
Jack stepped over to him, then, and he wondered briefly if all that God juice had made him a little taller. Maybe he just seemed it. He didn’t hug him, just put his hand on his shoulder in the place where, just a few hours ago, Cas’ palm had been. His last, bloody, goodbye. “Remember what I said, Dean. Remember it.” And then he stepped back, placing his hand over his heart. “I’m really as close as this.” He looked between them, and spoke for the final time. “Goodbye.” He said. And then he turned, and was gone.
“You should get some sleep, Dean. Working yourself into the ground isn’t helping anyone.” He looked up from the book of Angelic Lore he was currently poring over. He finished off his coffee, placing the now empty mug next to the three others that had piled up on the table next to him. He flipped to the next page, ignoring Sam’s comment. “Dean.” He repeated, firmer this time.
Sam sighed, seeing the desperation on his brother’s face. “I’m not going to talk you out of this one, am I?” He said. Dean just shook his head in response.
“Should have known you’d play hard to get. You never have made things easy for me, have you? Like...ever.” He smiled to himself as he tried to imagine that Cas was right next to him.
Sammy.
"The possessing party, in this case an Angel, has to take a piece of soul from the one they are possessing, and replace it with a piece of their grace. In return, the piece of soul they took from the other person is fitted into their grace." Max took a sip of his drink before continuing.  "Possession bonds are...controversial, to say the least. It's difficult to explain, but possession bonds are born out of a need to have power over another, even if the possession is for the greater good. They are, at their most fundamental level, immoral. Especially bonds born from manipulation, such as in the case of Nick and Lucifer. The pure
That was all he had said, not meeting their eyes. Sam knew straight away there was more to it, and he had tried ever since to get Dean to talk about it, but so far he hadn't managed to get anything out of him. Dean had become an expert on avoiding the topic - either by changing it completely or just walking away without another word. In fact, Dean had avoided talking about his feelings on the issue completely. He stuck purely to the practical side of things - how the research was going, how to get Cas back... but he hadn't said a thing about how Cas' death had actually affected him. The few times Sam had tried to subtly bring it up he had been shrugged off. It worried Sam to no end, watching his brother struggling and being unable to help. This was nothing new - Dean wasn't exactly an
“It was the first place Cas appeared to me. The place we met.”
He dropped his head into his hands, despair taking over. He didn’t even have the energy to feel angry anymore. He just wanted to be numb. He wanted someone to rip out his heart so he couldn’t feel another damn thing. “Please, buddy. I need you here. I can’t do this without you. I don’t
internally... one step closer to getting Cas back.
kind of guy. He never had been. But this time was different. Dean was hurting on a level that Sam had seen only once before. A shiver ran down his spine as he recalled their earlier conversation in the bunker.
Dean tried to rid his head of these thoughts, knowing they were pointless to dwell on. Even if Chuck had planned their story eons ago, Sam was right. That was in the past; they were free. Their bad luck had been forecast for years, possibly millennia, but that was over now. Cas had died as a result of Chuck’s ending, but there was no goddamn book or plan anywhere now, that said he had to
what Nick did.” Max asked, chewing on the tip of the pen as he scanned his notes.
a physical bond between them, that he realised how much he actually
Hey! Please go re-read the last chapter before you read this one as I have changed a few bits (because I found out Angels don't actually HAVE souls so the whole soul bond thing didn't make sense). Thanks!
Sam was running for the stairs before Dean could say anymore. He did, however, just about manage to yell at Sam to '
“You’ll let me know if you find anything?”
“It just feels like we’re going in circles.” He said, taking the steaming cup of hot chocolate from her hand and taking a sip. It was near-scalding, but delicious. It sort of tasted like the kind Ellen used to make for him and Sam when they were younger.
. He loved his brother with everything he had and they had been through so much together, and maybe it used to be enough but...not anymore. He and Sam were like the foundations of a house, and the others they had lost were the decoration; they might have stopped it from crumbling and given it shape, but… it was the people around them that provided beauty and comfort. It was their family who made the house worth living in. “Finally free.” Dean said, and it was true. They were free, but at what cost? They had lost everyone. Just because they were out of the prison, that didn’t mean the world outside would be habitable. In fact, in that moment, Dean thought his comfy prison cell looked like a much nicer place to be than whatever lay ahead.
. He thought.
She lifted his hand up to her mouth and placed a chaste kiss on his knuckles before responding.
“It’s a hell of time to bail.” Dean began, “a lot of people are counting on you. A lot of people with questions, and they’re gonna need answers.” He didn’t say what he was really thinking… Sam and I are counting on you. We need answers.
“Wait.” Sam said, “didn’t you
"Stand back." Sam hadn't even realised Max was with them until he was in front of them and freaking
that little voice in his head nagged at him. He tried to ignore it, but the thought had been niggling about in his brain since Dean had first told him and Jack that Cas was gone.
He pulled his knife from the pocket of his jacket and cut a clean slice across his hand. He watched as his blood dribbled into the bowl, mixing with Cas’ and soaking the herbs. He really hoped he hadn’t just messed it up
“But, unfortunately, it means we can’t use it to our advantage. Your soul is still entirely, well...
They wasted no time in recalling their plan to Sam who, unsurprisingly, was sceptical. “I don’t know, Dean. Making a spell? That sounds pretty risky. We could end up bringing Lucifer back again by accident, or
“It’s been two weeks and we’ve not had a single lead, Dean. I don’t think Cas would have wanted you to waste your life away looking for him. Maybe it’s time we move on.” He spoke as softly as he could, trying not to make Dean madder than he already was. But as soon as the words had left his mouth, he knew it was a hopeless battle.
When the knock on the bunker door finally came, Dean practically bolted to open it. It opened and, before he could get a word out, Max spoke.
he thought. “I mean… I knew something funky was happening recently. Things just felt...off, I guess. But I didn’t realise -” He paused and looked at Dean, his expression one of shock and awe. “Wait, you killed Hitler?”
“I’m not coming back home.” Jack spoke the words with a kind of self-assured sadness that caused Dean to pause in his tracks. He turned to face the young Nephilim, his expression a mask of confusion. “In a way, I’m already there.”
Max handed him the small duffel bag with the equipment they had packed before they left. “I’ve already told you the basics. Aside from that, you’ve just gotta do what feels right.”
So, uh... that finale huh? :/
He took the small vial of Cas’ blood they had taken from his jacket earlier. It wasn’t much, just a few flakes, but that’s all they needed. He looked down at the small bowl and thought for a moment about what Max had told him.
Dean laughed to himself as he remembered the day he had given it to him. They had both been sulking about the bunker for weeks, avoiding eachother like the plague. Until then, Cas had always been the first one to reach out when they were in a fight. But this time, for whatever reason, he hadn't. And Dean was missing him like crazy, so he decided to take the initiative instead.
“He used some kind of spell. We don’t know anything about it other than what Jack told us: that he was praying to Lucifer over a bowl of his blood. That spell was one of the first things that Sam and I tried looking for, but we never found out what it was.”
“That bad, huh?” She stood and walked to the counter, returning a few minutes later with a hot drink for each of them.
anymore. Once, maybe, but it was so different now. He thrived on helping people - that was one of the main reasons he had wanted to be a lawyer. Sure, it wasn’t the life he had initially sought, but
but Dean could tell he was trying not to let his hopes get the best of him, too.
“See, Angels...they don't have souls, as such. But their grace performs essentially the same function. It's what gives an Angel consciousness and it makes them who they are." Dean gave himself a mental pat on the back at his deductive reasoning. Sherlock Holmes is turning in his freaking grave.
“Uh, I’m not sure that’s a good idea. What if you two die and Dean doesn’t come back? I won’t have a ride home!” Max asked, pouting like a toddler. Sam shrugged and smiled at him cheekily.
Sam didn't notice him right away; the dust was thick and suffocating, obscuring their view.
“How you been, Max?” Sam asked, handing him a beer which he graciously accepted.
He ticked it off the list and Dean
Max’s response didn’t sit right with him for some reason. Cas was family. He was the only person other than Sam that hadn’t abandoned him. He had saved the brothers so many times that he had lost count. He had rebelled against Heaven; given up armies and power for him. And his one, final sacrifice, had been his life.
Eileen took his hand and placed it between both of her own. “It’s only been…” she checked her watch, “seven minutes, Sam. He’s fine.”
He sighed and paused for a moment, looking at them all pleadingly. When no one backed down, he finally gave in. “Well, what are you waiting for? Tell me about this plan of yours that I’m almost certain is gonna get us dead, or worse.”
“You move on, Sam! There’s nothing stopping you from packing up your shit and going somewhere far away from here with Eileen. I’m sure as Hell not gonna stop you.” He was yelling now, pacing about the room like a caged animal, but he didn’t care. “Jack got Cas out of the empty before; Nick managed to wake up Lucifer. The empty isn’t this inescapable fourth dimension we once thought it was. I know there’s a way out, and I’m gonna find it.”
time.
again. Go get your woman, Sammy. I’ll be fine.” He said, smiling sincerely. "I want some time on my own, anyway."
Fucking up is just part of being human, and you, Cas...well, you’re more human than anyone I’ve ever known. You’re my best friend and I...I’ve failed you. I’m sorry, Cas. I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry.” Nothing. The stars, which had given him a small piece of comfort, now mocked him.
“We’ve told you twice already!” Eileen said in frustration. Her heart wasn’t really in it, though. She knew how much was riding on this.
“For a walk. Some fresh air will do you good.”
As profound as these thoughts and revelations were, they still needed a part of Cas for the spell. Just as he was about to speak up and say
. He’d give up hunting in a heartbeat if it meant keeping her safe. He knew what she would have to say if he ever decided to speak that thought out loud.
“You said that three books ago. How long has it been since you slept?” In all honesty, he wasn’t sure. The days and hours had begun to bleed into one another; it could have been weeks, for all he knew. But he didn’t care. Nothing was more important than this. Nothing was more important than getting Cas back.
“The Angel?”
And just like that, all the tension slipped away. Dean erupted with laughter before he could help it, and Cas had looked at him like he had finally lost his last marble. And then he had pulled Cas into a swift hug and slipped the tape into his hand. It had taken a bit of time to explain to him what a mixtape actually was and how to work it, but once he had figured it out, Cas hardly ever stopped playing it. He had kept it quiet, but the walls in the bunker were thin, and Dean heard it bleeding into his room almost every night after that.
"Saving someone from Hell." Max paused, shaking his head in disbelief. Dean would have killed to know what exactly was going through his head right then. "No, that's a connection born from sacrifice and goodness, which is different. Cas didn't want to overpower you, he wanted to
Cas’ confession also felt, in a way, like too precious of a thing to be shared. It was something that was really, truly theirs. Like one last little connection to each other, which would be broken the second the truth was out. It was like the last thread that connected them and, if that thread was cut, he would lose Cas forever, and a piece of himself along with him.
“She told me once that sometimes magic can be created with nothing more than belief that it can be done. Not a pre-meditated spell, but one created as a result of the caster's mind.” Dean must have looked more confused than ever, because she elaborated for him. “Maybe the spell Nick used to awaken Lucifer wasn’t one you’d find in a book. Maybe he just tried what he thought would work and his mind made it a reality. At the end of the day, magic really is really just the manifestation of intent.”
them." Max paused for a moment, his brows scrunched in thought. "Connections like that are less powerful than possession bonds by a long shot, but they are utterly unbreakable. Which is, you know… sort of beautiful.” Max said, not an ounce of insincerity in his words. Dean tried his damned hardest to ignore the beat his heart just skipped.
“And those answers will be in each of them. Maybe not today, but someday.” Jack responded. Dean had never heard him sound so sure of anything before. “But, what about… I mean, can you-" his voice caught in his throat.
. It wasn’t a goodbye, not really. Jack wanted to be something...different. Not gone necessarily, just...different. And he needed to respect that, no matter how much it hurt. Jack stepped towards Sam and pulled him into an embrace. They held tight for a while, and his heart ached for Sam. They had all loved him, but Sam had always been the closest to Jack. Cas may have taught Jack how to live, but Sam had taught him how to be human.
"There's...shit." He said, breathing heavy and struggling to get steady on his feet. "There's something powerful as fuck in there and it's weakening my powers, I can't get through."
Max clinked his bottle against Dean’s and Sam rolled his eyes. Eileen took his hand and smiled as she looked between the two of them. It was a small, bittersweet moment that would stick with Dean for a while, for some reason. Things, just for a second, were almost....normal.
Dean took a moment to look him over. He seemed healthier than when they had last seen him; his face had filled out a bit and his eyes were speckled with the beginnings of laughter lines. He seemed older and more mature somehow.
An hour later, they were all sat hunched around the kitchen table, Max scribbling notes into Sam’s old Star Wars notebook like he was recording the word of God as it was being spoken. Dean chuckled to himself at the thought; the second most powerful witch of all time grovelling at Chuck’s feet as he recounted what he was planning to put in his review of the Game of Thrones finale on IMDB.
“Uh...yeah. How did you know it was me?” He replied, giving Sam a bewildered look.
"Cas is..." Dean gulped, his voice shaky and slightly hoarse. Sam almost cried looking at him, then. He was like a one-man ship on the ocean that had just watched the last lighthouse, its last guide, blink out into darkness. Stranded, lost and utterly, irrevocably alone. Sam placed a hand on his arm in an attempt to anchor him, but it didn't seem to help much.
“...Then we could recreate it.”
the place; he was his vessel.”
He could remember making it like it was yesterday. They had gotten into a fight about something, he couldn’t remember what, and he had made it for Cas as an apology. He’d never been particularly good with words, and the only way he could think to make things better was through music. It was a way of letting Cas know that he cared without actually having to say it.
But, despite all that, despite how many times Cas had encouraged him to be his true self, he had respected that he wasn’t ready for that yet, and so had kept the knowledge of their connection to himself.
Which is why he wasn't even remotely surprised when Max had mentioned that Dean and Cas are bonded in more than an Earthly sense.
There wasn’t one person, not even Sam, who had given up so much for him. But, obviously he didn’t say any of this to Max. He supposed, for all intents and purposes,
Dean had knocked on Cas’ door, and those first few moments of awkward silence, neither meeting the others eyes, were quite possibly the most uncomfortable few seconds of his life. And then, Cas had looked at the tape in his hand and said, in that utterly monotone voice of his, ‘Dean, why do you have a television remote? We don’t even own a TV.’
it more than ever before. The thought that he would never again hear that gruff, blunt voice that softened only for those he loved; the confused little comments that had Dean in literal laughing fits so often; the careless little touches he would leave on Dean's shoulder or arm or side, like he needed the constant little reminders that he was real. He wished he had appreciated those little things more. The thought that all of that might be lost to him now was
and the door shook on it's hinges as he summoned the strength to open it, but still nothing happened. The glow fell away like a flame doused with water, and Max collapsed. They just managed to grab him before he fell to the floor.
Sam furrowed his brow at him. “What ba-” he began, but his eyes widened before he finished. “Oh...the
“Why can’t you do it? You’re the witch here, not me!” Dean spoke, but he knew it had to be him. He had known it all along.
“Look, Dean. I know how much Cas meant to you, how much he meant to all of us. But have you considered that there might just… not be a way out for him this time?” Dean stood again, the suppressed rage inside him already starting to make his skin itch.
“How touching.” The voice cut through the silence like a blade dipped in blood.
His hand shook slightly as Sam handed him the bottle, but he played it off as a result of the slight chill in the bunker that evening, though he knew it wasn’t that. It was the deafening silence that had encompassed him since the day before, when Cas had been taken by the empty. A silence that got worse the longer he was in the bunker. He was used to the Angel always being there; his near-inaudible footsteps and voice that had always seemed so otherworldly even when he was human. Cas being gone only seemed to amplify the absence of Jack and Mary, too. Their story had ended the same way it had started; just him and Sam. And yet… it was completely different. There was an emptiness now that hadn’t been there before. Dean wasn’t sure if the feeling was a result of the physical lack of noise, or perhaps a distant echo of whatever the hell was going on inside him. Cas had
It was just as derelict and broken as he remembered, but much more sinister. Whether that was from another 12 years of neglect, the night playing tricks on him, or thoughts of what tonight might bring, he wasn’t sure. It’s dying walls crumbled under the pale moonlight as he approached ever closer.
Maybe with a little help…
He could have sobbed hearing those words. A smile graced his face for the first time in what felt like forever. He had told himself not to get his hopes up for this plan, since it was a long shot, but he allowed himself this one brief moment of relief.
Max seemed to sense the sudden change in his mood, or maybe he was just eager to get this all over with, because he cut right to the chase.
Dean slid him another beer across the table, a cheeky grin gracing his features.
Dean knew the answer to that before he had even finished asking himself the question. He probably assumed it would make Dean uncomfortable...which was a reasonable assumption on Cas’ part. He had crafted a stoic demeanour for himself over the years; an unbreakable mask of stone that he presented to the world to hide the broken man underneath. Well, almost unbreakable. Cas had come closer to cracking it open than anyone. He had peaked at the mess underneath and only seen beauty. And then he had spent his final moments on this Earth making sure Dean knew that.
“Most summoning and resurrection-type spells tend to have a few things in common. Every spell is different of course, but there are a few foundational elements that the majority of them have. Think of them as sort of like...building blocks. Everything that comes on top is just decoration really, specific to each individual spell, but they all need the foundations. And Nick, whether or not he knew what he was doing, had these foundations in place. Which is what makes me think that the spell he did wasn’t all that different from any old summoning spell.”
Max looked between the three of them silently for a few moments, his mouth agape. “That’s...erm…”
“Yes. So if you take what you know about Nick’s spell, and tailor it to be specific to Castiel...”
Max thought for a minute. “No, it’s too well protected down here. Too warded, it might mess with the spell and we can’t risk that.”
“No. People may have temporary physical forms but their whole being, their consciousness and soul, is something that’s entirely...other. It has to be an object; something that will tie Cas to Earth in a purely physical sense. A person can’t do that.”
Dean huffed in amusement. He had forgotten that particular detail of their first encounter and wondered briefly how Sam had remembered it. It had been years since he had told him that. “Yup. The son of a bitch looked at me like I’d just flicked him between the eyes and knocked poor Bobby out cold.”
“What?” He asked, shutting the impala door and turning to face him.
after all, how could he not even
He smiled, taking a swig. “I’ve been alright. It’s been hard since Alicia, but...I’m getting there.” He said, and he thought Max’s words sounded a little... rehearsed. He also didn’t meet their eyes. Dean didn’t press the subject.
That thought got him to calm slightly, but he could still feel it clawing just under his skin and begging to be let out. It seemed like his anger had been worse than usual lately, which didn't surprise him. It always seemed to rear its head when he was anxious or upset. Like his mind was trying so hard to drown out these emotions, which it saw as weak, by just screaming
good memory of Earth. Even the better ones, like the five of them sat around the table drinking and chatting nonsense, had always occurred when the world was about to end. There was always some undertone of worry.  And the one thing that had been Cas’ true happiness, his first real moment of peace, had gotten him dead.
They thought for a moment, but Dean was already pretty sure he had an idea. Thinking about it, though, he realised just how few material things Cas actually cared about in this world. Dean wondered if maybe it was because he wasn’t an Earthly being himself and so Earthly possessions had little meaning to him. Or maybe he just placed so much of his love into people that he didn’t really have space for anything else.
They rushed in without hesitation, which, Sam realised after, probably wasn't the smartest idea. Max had just said there was something powerful in there, which is pretty good incentive to
“Just let me finish this one, Sammy. I’m almost done.”
do that. If nothing else, he owed it to Cas. When they got him back, he would make sure to give him a
Max shook his head, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. “If Cas is gonna wake up for anyone, it will be you. But I think you know that.”
He flipped to the second page of notes. “The foundations are fairly easy. I think it’s worth a shot.”
Waiting was all Sam seemed to do lately. Waiting to stumble upon a lead; waiting for Dean to go to sleep so he could, because he knew Dean wouldn’t sleep at all otherwise; waiting for Chuck to show up on their doorstep, his powers restored, to turn them to dust. And now here he was, waiting, once again, and he was
And someone was calling his name but the cry wasn’t one of words - it was more of a sensation. Like thunder that you can't really hear, just feel. A chill that runs deep into your core like acid burning through flesh. The call was one of pain and loneliness. Utter, incomprehensible despair.
touched his soul, once, and Dean wasn’t sure if he had ever really stopped. It felt like his soul was nagging at him somehow, asking where it’s friend had gone.
now. Well… I mean, more big scary Hell queen than usual. And you’re the only witch we know who could even begin to match her power.” Dean said. “Please, Max.”
“It’s...Cas.”
“You mean you didn’t bring your broomstick?” He climbed out before Max could respond, but he could tell by the kids face that he probably didn’t appreciate the witch jokes. Dean would have found it hysterical, at least.
“How can you say that, after everything Cas has done for us? How can you be willing to give up on him so easily?” He said, looking at his brother in disbelief. Cas had saved their asses more times than he could count. He had saved Dean from Hell, for God’s sake. But above all, he was the closest thing they had ever had to family. Dean wasn’t planning to let him go without one Hell of a fight.
There was very little light in here and his eyes burned as he struck the match. He dropped it into the bowl and watched, silently, as the tape began to melt and the herbs turned to ash. The smell made his eyes water; a wisp of smoke arose from the bowl and unfurled around his head. “Cas…”
“What do you want?” Max spoke, and he didn’t say that in a rude way, exactly. More in a
He couldn’t bring himself to finish; ashamed at the pure misery in his voice. But Jack smiled, and seemed to understand.
“For you, Dean. I figured you could use some carbohydrates to keep that brain powered up.” Eileen said, placing the steaming food in front of him. He was so elated, he took three monstrous bites before he even remembered to thank her. His happiness didn’t last long, though. As the three of them sat there, talking amongst themselves, Dean suddenly felt lonelier than ever. Watching the two of them from across the table, Sam’s arm around Eileen’s shoulder and chatting like there was no one else in the world. He suddenly felt an awful lot like the idiot brother who never realised when he was third-wheeling.
“The people present when a spell is performed can impact it, and since Nick performed his alone, I think only one of us should do it.”
“Yeah I mean, we couldn’t ask Rowena because she's
This was a thought that had crossed his mind a few times, but he had pushed it away before he let himself consider it. He needed to believe that Max could help them in some way; even if that was just pointing them in the right direction.
The chill hit him immediately, but he barely felt it. He made his way across the small expanse of grass separating him from the barn, and when he saw it, the memories came flooding back. It loomed ahead like a corpse. Actually, Dean had seen corpses that looked better.
And then she’d probably make some rude gesture that would set them both off laughing. And he knew she could, right down to his very core, he knew she could. She could take care of herself better than any hunter he had ever known. More than their dad, more than Bobby. Hell, more than he and Dean ever could for sure. But he also knew, no matter how strong she was or how much she protested, he would never stop trying to protect her. It was an instinct that was as natural and innate to him as breathing.
“Dean?” The disgruntled voice of Max Banes spoke through the phone after the second ring.
He filed that question away to ask Cas, and then mentally scolded himself again for being so damned hopeful. He knew it would only hurt more in the long run if he let himself be this optimistic about their plan, but he couldn't help it. Dean hadn't realised how natural everything seemed to feel when Cas was near, until he wasn't. Everything now just felt...out of place. Like losing a limb. In fact, he thought that losing a limb was a pretty good analogy for how it felt to lose Cas - something that is such second nature to you that you take it for granted, and its not until you lose it that you realise how much you rely on it and you start to
how Cas felt about him; in all the little touches and the way he would look at him when he thought he wasn't watching. Dean wondered if, had he been a little more observant, things may have been different. Cas may have still been alive. He could have been sat here with them now, sharing a beer and looking at Dean with his eyes shining. It was right in front of his face. If he had only
Dean opened the door wider so he could enter. “Good to see you too, man.” He shook hands with Sam, who seemed pleased to see him. Eileen introduced herself and gave him a friendly hug, and they all took a seat at the table.
kind of way. He really couldn’t blame the kid.
“Alright, I could think this over all night and I don’t think I would get any further, so this is gonna have to do.” He put the pen down and faced them. “Eileen, you were right about it being possible to create spells from scratch through pure belief and intent alone, but it’s extremely difficult. I’ve only ever known a few witches who have managed to do it, but it is possible.” He paused and Dean took those few seconds to take a deep breath. He could already feel his hopes beginning to soar, and he tried to calm them. In his head, he knew how unlikely it was that they would succeed, but his heart didn’t care. All it had heard was
When all he got were blank stares, he elaborated. “Bonds that are formed when one being possesses another, like in the case of Nick and Lucifer, involve a kind of trade. A soul for a soul, you could say.” He paused, whether it was because he was thinking of what to say next, or for dramatic effect, was anyone's guess.
"Somethings wrong." She said, and bolted for the barn without waiting for him. He didn't waste time loitering, and together they reached the decrepit door in no time.
He gulped, looking at Eileen and his brother. Sam gave him a smile that was supposed to look reassuring, but really he just ended up looking like a constipated mongoose. Eileen gave him a genuine smile and a thumbs up, which only made him feel more uneasy. His high hopes from earlier had faded a little; there was still far too much guesswork involved in this plan.
“Cas, he...he wasn’t perfect, you know.” Sam began. “He made mistakes, we all did. But he died doing the one thing he knew how to do flawlessly… saving you.” Dean swallowed against the lump in his throat; his whole body starting to shake. “And I know he would do it again. And again, and again. I just know that wherever he is, he’s happy. He’s at peace because he died protecting you.”
“Jesus, Dean. I can sense the anxiety in this place from two miles out, have you ever thought of trying yoga?”
He cleared his throat and stared at the barn through the window, flinching as it stared right back at him. “I’m just worried about Dean. He’s been in there too long.”
“Well…Cas saved me from Hell, that’s gotta leave something behind, right?” He responded casually, trying to act as though he hadn’t spent many sleepless nights asking himself that exact question over and over in his head. He didn’t know why he’d never just asked Cas. He supposed he’d just felt kind of awkward about it. How in the love of all things holy was he supposed to drop,
He furrowed his brows; it felt like they’d been sitting there for hours, and her words didn’t make him feel any better. Max tried to comfort him with words of reassurance, too, but he didn’t think anything that anyone could say would settle his nerves right now.
He passed out as soon as his head hit the pillow, but he could scarcely say he slept easy. His dreams were plagued with pictures of twisted, broken wings and blood rain. Storm clouds as big as cities that spat out blades of bone. And three words, repeated over and over again:
“But...you’ve always been there, man. Always. No matter how bad I messed up, you’ve always been there.” And he had.  Through every apocalypse, every funeral, every fuck up. Cas had always been there in the one place he felt like he truly belonged; by Dean’s side.
he whispered into his hands.
“No, Dean, you’re...you’re misunderstanding me. I don’t know for sure, but there probably
Sam didn't know how long he sat there with Eileen in silence, but it soothed him. When his thoughts drifted back to the present, he found he could breathe a little easier. At least for several moments, until there was a change in the wind that had Eileen on her feet with her knife out in seconds. It was subtle, but with all his years of hunting ghosts he was attuned to subtle changes in the environment around them. Eileen slightly more so, it seemed. Everything after that happened far too quickly.
“But I’m coming to you, I won’t risk having you anywhere near my family and friends. Deal?” Dean agreed and recalled the details of the Bunker’s location before they hung up. Max, surprisingly, wasn’t far out, and said he would be with them within the next 12 hours.
“Of course.” He said, and Dean gave him a dismissive nod before heading to his room without another word. He knew Sam wasn’t as hopeful as he was, but he loved him for pretending. They had been searching for about two weeks and still, nothing. Not a damn thing.
Dean thought he might have understood then, why Jack had to leave. He wasn’t bound to their story anymore. The one that Chuck had laid out. He was his own story now; his own author. He might be God now, or Amara or whatever. But above all he was still just...Jack. And he was, as Kelly had told him once,
Sorry this chapter took so long to post! It's a long one :)
at him until those other emotions crawled into the corner to think about what they did. It screamed too loud now and Dean couldn't block it out. He knocked the bowl to the floor and yelled at the sky.
“Quit staring and get over here, dumbass. I’m freezing.”
He walked slowly over to the discarded spell, hoping he hadn't just screwed up his last chance at finding Cas. He knelt in front of it and dragged a thumb through the mess of blood and ash. His eyes stung and the anger melted away to despair and loneliness. Because he was lonely without Cas, wasn't he? Sure, he had Sam and Eileen, and he wouldn't trade them for the world. But Cas was...
“You mean Jack? No, he already said he wouldn’t-”
Max shook his head in disbelief, and Dean was glad he didn’t ask any more questions about the matter. “You guys never fail to surprise me. But...no, I don’t think that could be of any use to us.”
had a part of Lucifer within him. The only good thing about them is that the bond typically breaks when the possession is over, which is why you guys are still entirely
“I’m not getting a demon involved in this, Eileen. Or an Angel, for that matter. If I’ve learnt anything these past few years, it’s that things never go as planned when you try to get Heaven or Hell involved.”
His hand lingered over Cas’ name and Sam moved to place a comforting hand on his shoulder. He squeezed it lightly, and Dean’s eyes stung in response.
Eileen slowed to a stop after a few minutes as they approached an ancient looking pine a little way from the car. They can still see the barn easily enough in the distance, so can keep an eye, but Sam thought it looked like a whole other place out here; as though they had walked through some kind of invisible forcefield separating the two worlds. The closer they were to the barn, the more eerie the silence felt. Out here, it was just quiet. Not a maddening quiet, but a soothing one. The moon and stars seemed to shine a little brighter out here too, as if the barn was a black hole and this tree the event horizon, and everything beyond it was fated to be cloaked in void.
Dean couldn’t take it anymore. He stood, his chair crashing into the floor as he did so, and threw his bottle at the wall. The sound of glass smashing was like music to his ears and it was the most alive he had felt in a while. “It’s not
“Where are you going?” Sam asked, the winter chill hitting him in an instant.
“Everywhere.”
the spell to summon Lucifer?”
He pulled the final ingredient from the bag. A small piece of tape, about an inch long, that he had taken from the Zeppelin mix he had made for Cas.  He had known straight away it was perfect for the ‘thing that means a lot to Cas’ part of the spell.
The word stuck in his throat like tar. His voice sounded far too loud in the quiet of the barn, only his echo as an audience. He took a few deep breaths before continuing. “I’m gonna be honest with you here, man, I have no idea what I’m doing. So if you could just, I dunno, pop up now so we can get the hell outta here...that would be awesome.”
Strangely enough, when it cleared, the first thing he noticed was the bowl that Dean had used for the spell, cracked on the floor with the discarded ingredients scattered around it. It was another couple of fear-filled seconds before he noticed his brother sat, alone, a few feet from the bowl. His knees were pulled up to his chin and he was staring at the empty space in front of him, pale and clammy, like he had just seen something far worse than a ghost.
A gentle hand on his shoulder startled him from his thoughts, and without thinking he brandished a cheese grater at his attacker. “Woah, steady on there cowboy. It’s just me.” Eileen laughed, taking the grater from his hand before he found a way to end one of their lives with it. She beckoned him over to the kitchen table and sat opposite from him.
But Dean had guessed at it anyway...he had
. But what had he gotten? He’d gotten Cas dead. He felt immediately guilty for thinking that. He shouldn’t have wanted anything in return for saving the world considering it was, you know...
“You’re saying Nick may have
They walked together in silence for a while. Eileen’s warm hand in his own, and the soft squelch of her footsteps on the grass still wet from the previous day’s rain helped to calm his racing heart a bit. But he was still insanely on edge and he knew that feeling wasn’t about to go away anytime soon. Not until they had an answer, one way or the other. If Dean can get Cas back, which he hoped for beyond belief, then that’s that. But if not...well. Sam doesn’t know or really want to think about what might happen. It’s hopeless for him to believe that Dean might find some form of closure from it or that he might at least try to move on. He knows Dean is too far gone in this to give up, and he’s not gonna stop until it kills him. The thought that Dean could waste his life away in his desperate hunt to get Cas back terrifies him, but he also knows that he will never truly find peace unless he does everything he can to find him. Damn him and his stubborn, blinded ways.
“Oh God, no. I don't need to hear
It wasn’t that he missed the constant rushing around they were used to; from case to case, state to state, with barely a break in-between. He had enjoyed the relative calm for the first few days after they had defeated Chuck, but Sam found that he was starting to long for that life again. Not the apocalypse-level threats, of course, but the usual cases that he, Dean and Cas had been dealing with for as long as he could remember: the ghosts, the vamps, the werewolves. Saving the world was great and all, he supposed, but more than anything he missed helping normal people.
“Witches?”
“What about blood? He left a bloody handprint on your jacket, right Dean?”
people?
“And you...what? You want me to help you get him back?”
anything?
He turned his focus back to the conversation at hand before he started feeling miserable again. “I'll take care of that. What else?”
, even though you’ve been possessed before.”
Sam obeyed without hesitation, sitting down next to her and curling his arm around her shoulder. He placed a soft kiss on her temple and she leaned into him, placing one of his hands between both of her own. For a few minutes they just sat in silence. With the wind numbing his skin and Eileen sat so close, he doesn’t think as much.
“Cas saved you from
Sam’s eyes looked sad, and Dean wondered who he was thinking about at that moment. Maybe all of them, maybe none of them. Maybe he was thinking about Eileen. Dean hoped she was okay. Sam took another sip of his drink. “You know... with Chuck not writing our story anymore, we get to write our own. You know just, you and me, going wherever the story takes us. Just us.”
“Answer me, you celestial son of a bitch! Why won’t you
these thoughts. His death was necessary. It was
Dean was speechless. Had Cas known the whole time about this possible super-meta soul sharing business that was going on between them? He had to have known… but why didn’t he ever
“But Nick didn’t have a piece of Lucifer, how did he do it?” Sam asked.
never would have guessed that he’d end up needing this guy like he needed air, or that losing him would hurt more than a rebar in the back.
She rolled her eyes and began to recount the facts for the third time. “We know he used Jack’s blood, Lucifer’s son, to open a portal to the empty. Jack said he was praying over the blood when he found him; he killed Nick, but it was too late. That’s all we know.”
Disregarding his anxiety and the sudden feeling of insecurity, he placed the duffel under his arm and opened the impala door. “Well, see you on the other side I guess. Assuming the empty doesn’t, you know, eat me.” Without another look back, he stepped into the cold night.
dead.
Dean smiled so wide he was worried he might break his face. His hopes were officially on the upside of Heaven now. Sam met his eyes across the table and seemed to read his thoughts. He gave him a look that said
in that bond between them..." Max paused and shook his head, his face a mask of disgust. "I think it made their connection even stronger. And I'll bet Lucifer being an Archangel made it powerful as Hell, too. No pun intended." He nodded at Dean. "There's a reason a lot of witches don't agree with possession; it involves losing a part of oneself to another. Nick
There was a kind of renewed motivation after that. They scoured through book after book, coffee after coffee. Dean made a bit more of an effort to look after himself as well, making sure he was eating and getting enough sleep. Mostly to keep Sam off his back, but also because he felt like he owed that much to Cas. But despite their newfound hope, another week went by without a single lead. At least until Eileen, bless her soul, came to the rescue. With
“What barn?” Eileen asked, and Dean gave her the lowdown.
“Well, in that case.” He gave Dean a hint of a smile. “I guess we've got work to do.”
The sound of the bunker door opening broke him out of his haze, and he looked up from the book on summoning spells to see her walking towards them, her footsteps almost inaudible compared to his and Sam’s monster stomps. Sam got up from his seat next to Dean and headed her way. He kissed her on the cheek and took the white plastic bag from her hand.
“Dean, we need to talk.” He sighed, sitting back down next to his brother. He had a feeling he knew what he was going to say. “There’s nothing to talk about, Sam. I’m not giving up until we find him.”
“Maybe you need a new approach to this.” She said, and Dean raised an eyebrow for her to elaborate. “Have you considered looking for outside help?”
“But that bond, between Nick and Lucifer... because it was so strong, it stayed intact even after Lucifer had left?" Sam asked, his eyes alight with that characteristic nerdiness that made him so… endearing? Annoying as shit? Dean didn’t think he’d ever really figure it out.
“Well, we’ve already sort of got an idea, we just need some help executing it.” Sam spoke. “It’s pretty risky but we figured if anyone would know anything about it, it would be you.”
It was only now that Max was saying there
Dean knew immediately what they were all thinking, but it was Sam who spoke it aloud. “Can it be a person?”
losing him again, but it was necessary. All Dean could do now was get himself together and bring Cas the fuck back.
“You know you never failed me, right Cas? I know you thought you did.” He swallowed against the lump in his throat, fighting against the memories surfacing in his mind.
. So he read and read until the words stopped looking like words; until the pain in his temples acted as a temporary distraction from the other pain.
Dean felt panicky all of a sudden. He wasn’t a witch. He could stab a monster in the head no problem, but magic? Not exactly his area of expertise.
He and Cas both held a piece of each other within them, and that’s as far as he could ever go to express it in words. But now, Max had just done exactly that.
that affectionate. Not with anyone other than Dean, anyway. He was nowhere near as casually-touchy with Sam or even Jack. Dean didn't realise how blind he had been until then. It was so
He made a promise to himself then that he would change that. After what Cas had told him...he realised he was probably the only one that
Eileen’s soft touch on his forearm dragged him back to the present. She smiled over at him, her eyes concerned. “Penny for your thoughts?” She asked.
It surprised him when he felt a stab of disappointment in his chest. Though he’d never had confirmation that there was some kind of soul connection between him and Cas, he had just sort of assumed there was. He didn’t know how he knew, or why, just that he did. He couldn’t even go as far as to call it a gut feeling because it was something so...innate to his very being that it went far beyond any ability for a human to express. Sort of like how you know you’re alive even though there isn't really a rigid definition of life. You just...
Dean had always thought Cas was just an affectionate being, probably as a result of being stuck in Heaven with a bunch of emotionless asshats for his entire life. But now, after Cas' confession, Dean knew there was more to it. In fact, the more he thought about it the more he realised Cas actually
Dean shrugged, silencing the flashes of memories that always threatened to take over whenever that place was mentioned. “Old news, man.”
Dean moved over to Sam and put a comforting hand on his shoulder, both of them staring at the last dissipating tendrils of light in the space where Jack had been; now empty. “See you, Jack.”
It came to him, then. “The barn.”
first happy memory, not one that happened only because they were about to die.
“Thank you.” Was all Dean could say. There were no words that could express his gratitude right then.
“So you are… him?” Sam asked, failing to hide the awe in his voice. Dean looked at Jack for what seemed like the first time, and had a sudden overwhelming sense of regret that he had never really gotten to know the young Nephilim; that he had pushed him away and treated him as though he was nothing, all because of the circumstances of his birth. He had tried and tried, but those few months after Cas’ death had been some of the worst of his life. He could only recall having felt pain like that during those times when he had thought he was going to lose Sam; even losing both of his parents had never felt that awful. Heck, he would have taken another 40 years in Hell if it meant he didn’t have to go through that again. And he had channelled his hurt and rage into Jack, and blamed him for Cas’ death. Jack had been somewhere to focus his emotion; a city upon which he could focus his storm. The city might have been brought to ruin but at least the rest of the world wasn’t going to drown along with it. He had known Jack was strong, though, and could take it. What Dean hadn't known, though, was how easily the Nephilim would burrow into his heart.
Dean cut Cas’ rant off with a gentle kiss and cupped his cheek softly as he spoke, “Listen to me Cas, kids are assholes. Sammy may have been pretty good as a kid, but usually, kids are assholes. And I don’t know crap about Gabriel, the fact that he is an archangel makes things even more confusing. Not everyone is good with kids, and I know that. You don’t have to prove anything to me Cas, and it’s not like we can have kids, so I am not that worried about it okay,”
Cas nodded, “Yes… t…the… wings are the most sensitive part… of an angel.”
Cas blushed some then nodded, “Sure,”
Cas eyebrows rose excitedly, in the last few weeks of living in the bunker, Cas had discovered his favorite food was Dean’s pancakes. “With blueberries?”
Cas was in his thoughts so he hadn’t realized Dean had woken up until Dean said his name, “mmmm morning Angel…”
Cas face relaxed and he nodded some before handing the woman the card, the woman looked at Cas for a moment before rolling her eyes subtly and taking it. Dean wanted to say something but he decided against it. A few minutes later the suit was put in a box then bagged up and they were heading towards the Levi store, since Dean preferred the jeans despite their expense, because they usually held up well during a hunt and they were comfortable.
Gabe nodded and watched Dean as he laid Castiel down, once he was settled Gabe carefully placed his hand between Cas’ shoulder blades and focused on bringing Cas’ wings forth to this plane. “It usually happens every 100 years for us,”
Cas didn’t respond so Dean headed to his room, as Dean passed Sam’s room, his brother cleared his throat and called out Dean’s name. Dean stopped and turned to look at Sam, who was staring at him with his arms crossed over his chest, “What’s up, Sammy?”
Cas smiled warmly and kissed Dean back before replying, “I love you to Honeybee,”
Cas smiled and nodded, “Of course Honeybee,”
Cas nodded some, “Of course Dean…”
The idea of losing Cas again made Dean’s stomach lurch and he had to force himself from yelling, he cupped the former angel's cheek and made Cas look at him again, “Don’t leave me Cas… I wasn’t just saying random shit, you make things easier… so much easier and I swear if I have to go as far as making a deal with fucking Crowley to bring you back and I will not hesitate Cas.”
Without warning Dean suddenly had an armful of Cas as he wrapped his arms around Dean, burying his nose in Dean’s shoulder, and Cas was shaking hard. “You… you stopped breathing Dean… I… I couldn’t heal you… I thought… I thought I lost you… I… I was terrified, Dean…”
Within 10 minutes Dean finally figured out where they were and how to get them back home, they were only 20 minutes from the bunker but on a back-road Dean had never taken before.
Dean looked at Cas, clearly slightly confused about the name for just a moment before nodding slowly. Once they removed the tube he coughed hard, but Cas carefully helped Dean sip some water. Dean swallowed the cool water gratefully, before looking at Cas, “W… what happened?”
Castiel groaned sleepily as he felt Dean’s fingers running through his hair, it was nice, soothing but it was also pulling him further into awareness and he didn’t want to get up just yet, he was so comfortable. Dean’s soft chuckle woke him the rest of the way and he sleepily opened his eyes to see Dean’s beautiful green eyes staring back at him. Dean smiled and softly spoke, “Morning Angel…”
Alright you guys, this is almost the last one. Tomorrows will b the end technically. I will be nice and tell you it is sad, but it had to be. I think Sunday I am going to write alternate versions of the last three chapters for those of you who want Dean and Cas to have kids. And also because now the idea is kind of stuck in my head as well. I am not sure if I will have it all up Sunday but they will be there. I will post the alternate versions after their respective chapters but it will be labeled accordingly.
Sam hummed before drinking his coffee and then going up the stairs. Cas smiled before finished making Dean’s coffee, and feeling lazy he used his grace to make Dean’s breakfast. Just as he finished, he was about to go and wake Dean up when Dean came stumbling in sleepily, he started to head for the coffee pot, but Cas stopped him and gently handed Dean the coffee. Dean looked up at Cas, smiling some before leaning forward and pressing his lips to Cas’. “Thanks, angel”
Cas hesitated, he didn’t know much about anal sex but he didn’t think Dean had been stretched enough to not cause any discomfort, “Are you sure Dean?”
Cas didn’t mind the way Dean was clinging to him, in truth Cas relished in it, he could feel the desire to be as close as physically possible coming from Dean and in truth, he felt the same.
I am only sleeping
Dean stood up and was moving to cup Cas' cheek gently, "My king... are you feeling alright?"
Cas closed his eyes, forcing himself to breathe through the pain, then nodding, “Mm fine…”
Sam looked Gabe in shock and confusion, “Wait, what?”
Cas and Dean were perfectly content to lay in bed for another hour before Dean’s stomach growled with hunger and his bladder was full. He was comfortable and wasn’t ready to move way from his angel but after trying to lay there for another minute it was no longer comfortable forcing him to get up.
Dean gave a mini salute, “Scouts honor babe. I won’t look I just want to help you out.”
Cas relaxed his grip on Dean’s hands and moved one hand to cup Dean’s face gently, now his voice was softer and full of love, “The witch’s spell has put you into an angel’s heat… I would love to explain more but this moment of clarity won’t last long but I want you to understand Dean that anything I say is not meant to be insulting to you, you may find it to be so later but I am quickly losing control of my own instincts. I may even speak Enochian, and it is possible with her spell, you could understand me. You are safe Dean. I will keep you safe Dean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
These nocturnal things do not spoil
Dean grabbed the scissors first so he could cut Castiel's shirt off, wincing some at seeing how bad the cuts and few burns were, most were rather superficial but a few were deep and all of them looked harsh and painful. Dean looked at Cas cupping his cheek before gently rolling the rag and carefully nudging Cas’ mouth open and putting it in but not too deep "Bite down on this babe."
Dean sighed but nodded and followed Cas to his room leaving Gabriel and Sam alone. Gabe started to open his mouth but Sam just glared at him, “Just because Cas forgives you, does not mean I do. I didn’t want you to fucking sacrifice yourself Gabe, I told you that!” After taking a leveling breath his voice was calmer, “I need to get my stuff, stay here.”
“I found Dean by the side of the road, he is barely breathing and covered in some sort of stings… I don’t know by what… Sam, we have to get him to the hospital” Cas replied the anger falling out of his voice and pure panic falling in.
Cas had made all of Dean’s favorite food, bacon cheeseburgers, French fries and there was a pecan pie in the oven. Cas had even bought vanilla bean ice cream at the store to go with the pie. Sam and Dean had left for a hunt the day after Cas’ wings were finished molting, not having much choice. It had been 6 days, Cas had not wanted to leave the bunker, after his wings had molted he had felt the overwhelming desire to be at home, Gabriel had explained that it was common after molting, to want to stay in a familiar place, Gabriel called it nesting but Dean had made fun of that.
Cas wanted to say something, but then Gabriel came in and kneeled next to Dean, “Hey there a baby bird,”
Cas nodded and slowly sat back so his ass was resting on his ankles, unbothered by the traditionally uncomfortable position.
Sam rolled his eyes before looking at the other door as Dean walked in with his lunch and gruffly said, “Hey bitch, what are you doing?’
Gabe sighed in annoyance and rolled his eyes, “Oh come on you guys it has been two weeks. I killed myself for you guys! I didn’t have to sacrifice myself to Luci to give you guys a chance to run.”
“There is a Burlington Coat Factory right over there,” Dean pointed to the store across from the hall they were standing in, “Try there first, if you can’t find any feel free to ask someone for help. If they don’t have any just call me okay?”
Cas cupped Dean’s cheek fighting his tears, “Dean… Dean come on Honeybee, stay with me. You made it for 72 years… come on, Dean… please not yet…”
Cas looked at Gabe his confusion deepening, unsure how this was relevant but answering anyways, “I am worried, something is obviously wrong with him and when I tried to heal him something is blocking me.”
Cas smiled warmly, before kissing Dean again “Thank you, Dean, I know this was all out of your comfort zone, but it was wonderful, and I will never forget tonight,”
Then the newly married couple went inside and was welcomed to love and excitement from their small miss-matched family. Dean instantly went for alcohol and started drinking. Gabriel had cleared the tables in the library and put up decorations. Cas had asked Claire to put Chaos in Dean’s room, so they didn’t scare the poor kitten. Jody agreed to let the girls drink, mostly because it was just them and they all planned on staying in the bunker that night anyways.
Gabriel gave Cas an epic bitch face for a two year old and then started crying. Cas attempted to reason with the now screaming toddler, of course Sam getting upset that Gabriel was angry so Dean broke in and took the fry from Cas and gave it back to Gabe who still cried and softly spoke, “Trust me angel, either he learns, or he gets it stuck up there, and he can deal with that when he goes back to his normal self.”
Dean smiled at him before he wiggled his eyebrows suggestively, “We can kick Sammy and Gabe out for an hour or two, have them go get food.”
Cas watched over Dean as he fell asleep for almost an hour before he was starting to fall asleep.
Cas nodded, but he refused to let go of Dean’s shirt not wanting his human to leave him. Cas had never experienced this much pain as an angel, he could practically feel the spin of the Earth and it was making him hurt so much more. His wings hurt the most and he was in too much pain to process why. Dean being close to him was making him feel better in a way, not really, he knew logically he was just being comforted by Dean’s presence.
Cas closed his eyes leaning into Dean’s touch, Dean could see that the angel was close to breaking down into tears again and his voice broke, “Why do you love me, Dean?”
Dean gets home, and after getting dressed he gives Cas the flowers and the honey. And then they go to dinner.
Dean nodded absently, taking a deep breath and he started fidgeting with the menu, the closer he came to asking Cas to marry him, the worse his nerves became, and his stomach was tight he was in no way hungry.
As much as the idea was terrific, he slowly shook his head, one thing Dean would refuse to bring up to the angel, was how he had once killed a Nephilim for the spell that would ultimately cause the angels to fall. “That… it would be hunted Cas… I mean… you said they are considered abominations…”
Cas and Dean spend most of their day in bed
Cas watched, and listened to Dean as he sang to the toddler and fledgling, he felt like now things had been better. Cas silently wondered if maybe he could handle having a child, but he also knew Nephilim were considered abominations and knew their child would be hunted its whole life by the powers of Heaven and even Hell if they found out, so he was quite unsure of the idea of having a child. Cas’ thoughts were interrupted by Dean laying down next to him and wrapping his arms around him. Cas smiled warmly at Dean, “That was the song your mother sang to you correct?”
Dean moved to sit on his bed and watched Gabriel for a moment, and he started to open his mouth but then Gabriel finally spoke, “Look Dean-O, I know you already know how this is about to go but I am going to say what I need to say anyway. I am happy despite how I feel about you that the two of you finally got together because that sexual tension has been brewing since you idiots first found out I was an archangel. However, I also know that Castiel is willing to do anything and everything for your dumbass. I plan to be sticking around, so if you fuck this up, you will answer to me. I know I screwed up in the past, but Cas is the one fledgling I have always loved, and it killed me to leave him.”
Cas looked at Dean with confusion, “What is Monopoly?”
Cas chewed his lip then looked away, a thought popping into his head but suddenly unsure how to tell Dean he could technically carry a Nephilim because his grace itself was genderless. Just as he opened his mouth to say something there was a sudden crash, and the lights inside their motel room were out, Dean’s head shot up, and they were both quickly back inside the motel room. Gabriel was sitting on the bed, all the lightbulbs broken, as well as the TV, and Sam giggling hysterically at the table still. Dean stared in complete confusion. “What the fuck?”
Dean stretched some as he got out of bed, finally ready to get things done today. After the angel heat that the witch had put him in 2 weeks ago, he had felt pretty crappy still, but now there were a few things he needed to do. Washing Baby was on the top of his list, and he couldn’t help but smile at the idea of having Cas help him, and decided to go find his angel.
It was barely a minute later there were two small gusts of air and the loud sound of feathers rustling. Cas immediately moved over to Dean and laid his hand on Dean’s forehead trying to figure out what the witch had done to his hunter.
Cas hesitated some before nodding and taking the card from Dean. “Sure,”
There was a moment of slightly awkward silence before Sam cleared his throat gently, “Gabriel thinks he needs to talk to Dean, make sure Dean knows not to be a dumbass and fuck this up with you. Gabriel also thinks I should have a similar talk with you but… well truthfully Cas, I think you are the best thing that has ever happened to Dean. I know Dean can be a real pain in the ass and I want you to know that if you and Dean ever do get into it bad, that you can come to me and I won’t just immediately take Dean’s side. You have made a huge difference in Dean’s life Cas, so thank you for being there for him.”
Cas nodded nervously, clearly afraid to move or disturb the toddlers. Sam looked at Dean with excitement and shouted, “Donald’s Bean! Pease!”
Cas did as Sam asked and by the time he was getting Dean’s shirt looser, Sam was pulling up, Sam helped Cas get Dean into the back of the Impala. Cas sat in the back with Dean’s head in his lap making sure Dean’s airway was open and rubbing his hand gently over Dean’s chest. “Shhh, it’s going to be okay Honey… it’s going to be okay”
Dean smiled and kissed Cas slowly, “Anything for you Angel, Do you want to watch some of that TV show I know you’ve been watching on the nights you don’t sleep?”
Sam gently thanked the doctor and the nurse that was leaving before going into the room and sat on the other side of his brother, Cas was gently running his fingers through Dean’s hair, his handshaking.
It took twenty minutes before Dean finally turned his music down to barely anything but background noise, then turning to look at Cas, and Cas could see the utter pain in Dean’s face “You… you have to find your grace Cas… I can’t… I can’t…”
Cas watches Dean move, feeling hypnotized as Dean pleasured himself, his hands moving slowly but also with a sense of urgency. Cas could feel Dean’s desire, his silent prayers for the angel, Cas wasn’t sure if Dean even realized the thoughts and feelings he was broadcasting.
Cas closed his eyes tightly and let his head hang before chewing on his lip, “He… he wasn’t breathing Sam… he…”
Cas looked around the bunker confused and slightly concerned that was only getting worse the longer it took him to find Dean. Dean had told Cas he was going to go for a walk and then make dinner but since he couldn’t find the hunter inside he guess he was still outside. Cas decided to go out and look for Dean, it took him a few minutes and halfway up the road leading to the bunker before he found Dean. Dean was laying on the ground with a hand on his throat be he looked like he was out cold, panic flooded Cas’ chest and he ran over to Dean, he could see stings that were now very swollen all over him and Cas knew it had to be some kind of allergic reaction. In the time they had been together officially Dean had finally taught Cas how to use his cell phone and the former angel quickly pulled it out and dialed Sam. He was a few minutes down the road and as much as he wished he was, he wasn’t strong enough to carry Dean the whole way. Cas instinct was to heal him, but he had no grace anymore and that pissed him off more than anything. It took longer than Cas wanted for Sam to finally answer and the angel growled, “SAM! Is Dean allergic to bees… or maybe wasps?!”
Castiel nodded his head instantly feeling hope and desperation rise in his chest, “Yes,”
Cas was finally able to gain control of his balance, “Yes… yeah, I think so…”
Castiel's mind floated back to the hunt, they were hunting a dragon who had a taste for Virgin men. They didn’t think that Cas had any chance of being taken because his vessel wasn’t a virgin but that apparently didn’t matter to the dragon. The dragon could sense the soul inside the non-virgin vessel was very much virgin.
Dean chuckled and then kissed along Cas’ neck whispering, “So Angel, should I take this towel off and get on my knees for you.”
Cas stopped himself from smiling and in a softer appeasing tone, “Dean the more frustrated you become, the more mistakes you are making,”
as we sleep on pillows till
A few days later Dean leaned heavily into Cas after finally finishing a long hunt, it was the hardest one they had been on since Charlie died, and Dean had been stupidly distracted, nearly getting himself and Cas killed. Cas gently wrapped his arms around Dean, running his fingers through Dean’s sweat-soaked hair as he leads them to the motel bed and made Dean sit down, sitting down with him. “It’s okay Dean, I am here”
Dean wakes to find Cas missing, Castiel wakes up in a fairytale universe, and someone who Castiel hasn't seen in years shows up.
Gabe sighed but ignored Sam’s outburst and looked at Cas, “Trust me, Cassie, zap Dean-O back to the bunker. Sam and I will kill the witch but it won’t stop the spell until the heat is over.”
Dean looked over at Cas who was smiling gently, trying to give his hunter a win obviously and after a quiet moment, he laughed lightly. Dean climbed into Cas’ lap straddling his thighs and kissing him slowly, “I love you, Angel,”
When he got down the stairs Sam was looking at his computer studying something on it, he spoke without looking up, "I checked the cameras we put up around the bunker and in the library and... it looks like his eyes are glowing blue, he flinches when I try to talk to him but he keeps walking..."
So you guys wanted more angst right? Cool, cool, cool cause here ya go bitches!
Dean moaned loudly and closed his eyes tightly, arching up into Cas as the angel started moving faster, he felt like he was on fire but not in a bad way, the most amazing way.
Dean didn’t answer Sam, he just carried Cas back to the Impala whispering, “Shhh shhh it's okay Angel… it's okay. I know it hurts, we are going to get you back and get you patched up”
Dean nodded and watched him walk off for a moment and then leaned forward and captured Cas’ lips slowly, “I will be right back, Angel, I got to run to the bathroom.”
Cas looked at Dean, most of the swelling had gone down by now but the idea that Dean nearly died, left him without him was crashing over him in waves. Dean gently took Cas’ hand, interlacing their fingers before giving him a small smile, trying to convey how very okay he was to the former angel, “Hey there Angel… I am fine.”
Sam was at the stove putting what appeared to be an omelete on a plate and grabbing his coffee before turning to go sit at the table. His eyes widened as he looked at Cas, he knew that shirt was Dean’s and he was pretty sure those pants were also Dean’s. Sam met his brother’s eyes, “Dude, why is Cas wearing your clothes?”
Cas smiled as he looked at the dinner he had made for himself and Dean, doing his best not to use any of his grace, wanting the food to entirely be made by him, it had taken a few hours of watching different videos online before he finally decided to try and make the food. It had taken several attempts before he finally felt comfortable enough to serve the food to Dean. Cas had decided he wanted to spoil Dean after the hunter had taken such good care of him when his wings were molting.
Dean took a calming breath as he walked out of the mall, Cas’ ring had finally come in. It was a week later than they had initially been anticipated, but when he saw it, it was perfect. Dean wanted to get flowers for Cas and then ask him to go out to dinner with him, and he already made a reservation. It was an upscale restaurant owned by an openly gay couple. As he walked out to Baby, he tried to think of what flowers to get for Cas, he knew Cas might not understand, but he wanted to find some with a lot of meaning because he knew individual flowers had different meanings.
Dean resisted the urge to laugh, knowing his angel wouldn’t understand it and would get more upset, he shook his head, “Cas don't you get it, I have fucked up a lot too, and done things well… some unimaginable things but I will tell you about that later but my point is, Is that we are just as fucked up as the other Cas. Despite the literal Hell we have been through, I think that finding you, us finding each other in all this shit, it makes it… tolerable.”
Sam nodded, “Yeah, looks like it may be ghoul or zombies. Or technically it could just be grave robberies…”
Cas nodded and grabbed the lube again, liberally coating his cock before positioning himself at Dean’s hole, then very gingerly pressing in, immediately he was overwhelmed with the sensation of the tightness and the pressure. Cas paused and forced himself to calm down despite desperately wanting to press in more, this wasn’t just about him he needed to make sure Dean was alright. Cas looked at Dean and the man’s face was pinched with the pain but at the same time, he sighed with relief.
Cas nodded gently, “Thank you, Sam, there is a grilled chicken salad in the fridge, and Gabriel is in the bathroom with a hot bath for you.”
Cas nodded some and kept running fingers through Dean’s hair, “It’s alright Dean, Do you think we should try and rest, it has been a long few days…”
Cas carefully moved to sit next to Dean, and then a thought popped into his head, and he softly spoke, “You know Dean, I had also been considering proposing to you, I know it is a customary human thing after being in a relationship for so long.”
lost my mind though it never
Dean frowned gently studying Cas face, he could see the genuine concern and seriousness on his lover’s face, quickly shaking his head and promised, “Of course I do Cas, why would you think that I do don’t”
Dean nodded softly and stroked Cas’ hair again, “Okay Angel, I will find something…”
Dean didn’t question it, the first thing going through his head was the need to hug Cas and he did just that. Dean moved faster than Castiel had expected, wrapping the angel in his arms, burying his nose in the angel's trench-coat inhaling the angel’s familiar fresh, earthy scent and sobbing.
Cas slowly pulled his finger out before gently pushing two in, still using his grace to override the pain into pleasure, and slowly started stretching Dean open.
Dean smiled warmly, then pulled Cas closer to him, pressing his lips to the angel’s then sighed into it, and forcing himself to pull away because otherwise, they wouldn’t accomplish anything. Dean watched Cas hesitate for a moment, clearly wanting more before he closed his eyes and within seconds the majority of the mess disappeared, even the pan that was soaking in the sink was clean again and Cas had used his grace to put it away. Dean smiled and then shook his head and started cleaning the shelves and they completely cleaned the kitchen with Cas’ help.
Dean smiled before he worked the buttons of Cas’ button-up undone, slowly revealing inch by inch the angel’s slightly-toned pale skin. Cas looked down and watched Dean as he did so, the hunter’s hands weren’t shaking like Cas’ were.
It only took a few more thrusts before Dean was spilling over Cas’ hand, “Castiel” Dean came with a shout.
Cas walked slowly over to the bed, keeping a firm hold on Dean before carefully laying the man down on his back and positioning himself over Dean.
Dean jumped a bit, not having heard the angel come in, he quickly shut the book and put it under his leg, not meeting Cas’ eyes. “I…”
Cas shook his head vehemently at the idea of even arguing about this, “Dean you could have died, you… you nearly died, and I couldn’t do anything about it… I… I can’t…”
Dean woke up slowly to the room being uncomfortably silent, Cas wasn't snoring, and he didn't hear the TV. When he looked at the spot next to him where Cas had definitely been when he fell asleep, the angel was mysteriously gone. Something was wrong, Dean didn't know what but something was wrong, he had woken up alone before but somehow he had always felt Cas, now he felt oddly empty. Dean quickly got up and started checking around the bunker, first the kitchen, then the library, then the gym, no sign of Castiel. Finally, Dean went to his brother's room and pounded on the door trying to fight the panic coiling in his chest. When Sam answered the door, his hair was a mess and it was obvious his brother had been sleeping still, "Dude what the hell?"
Dean was still hesitant, he believed Cas when the angel said he wasn’t going to disappear but at the same time, this felt too surreal. How was this not just a dream, after twelve years and Castiel had died in front of him for the millionth time it felt like, after finally admitting his feelings for Dean? Dean was angry with himself that after twelve years and the angel dying in front of him he still hadn’t been able to say it.
Dena pulled away from Gabriel in surprise but also unphased, "Aren't you supposed to be dead?"
Dean hesitated again, but Cas gently tugged on his arm and whispered, “Baby will be just fine Dean,”
As Dean walked closer, there were a lot of different flowers catching his eye, but he didn’t know anything about them, or their meanings, so he waited quietly while the girl working the booth was gathering flowers for another customer. It took a minute, but after she was done she smiled at Dean, “Hi there, what can I help you with today?”
Sam smiled and then nodded, “Yeah, I think I am going to go out a little further than my usual. I want to see how far I can push myself…”
When Cas finally decided to move the rest of his things into Dean’s room, he hadn’t said anything to Dean, a small part because he didn’t think Dean would agree. To be fair, the first things had been more of an accident, then on purpose. It was the jar of honey Dean had given him before he proposed. One night after Dean had fallen fast asleep Castiel had craved the sweet treat and just used his grace to call it to him, and then he had just left it in their shared room because they never slept apart anymore. After that Cas had started to move his things into Dean’s room slowly, Cas would take something, under the guise of returning it eventually but he would leave it in their room. Castiel would wait a couple of days to see if Dean noticed before bringing another item or items in. There were only Cas’ suits and trench-coat still left in his old room, and so far Dean had not yet seemed to notice.
Dean’s eyes lit up with excitement but he tried to hide it, and gave a small smirk, “Well we should get going,” Dean started to turn so he could go get his bag when he paused and turned back to Sam, “We need to take Gabriel…”
The next day with Gabe’s help, Sam made a pyre for Dean, helped Cas wrap the body up and carry it out. They made the pyre a few yards from where they had burned Charlie’s body. Cas was withdrawn and distant, he barely looked at anything but Dean’s body. Sam poured the salt and gas over Dean’s body, resting his hand briefly on Dean’s chest softly whispering, “I’ll miss you Jerk,”
Dean looked hesitant but he fully trusted Cas and slowly closed his eyes. Cas smiled before putting his hand on Dean’s clothed chest, using his grace to make their clothes disappear. The sudden cold air made Dean gasp gently, but he was rewarded with a small kiss from Cas. While they were kissing and gently rutting against each other Cas also pulled his wings forth into this plane. Dean had asked a few times for Cas to let his wings be out while they were having sex, but Cas was too nervous, and he wasn’t sure what exactly possessed him to do it this time. Cas spread his wings out gently before looking down at Dean who was waiting quietly, his eyes still closed, Cas leaned forward and kissed Dean again, gently whispering, “Open your eyes Honeybee,”
“She… she has essentially turned him back into a fledgling, but… not quite at the same time… it’s different… Gabriel was never a fledgling when Father created the archangels, he created them as they are… I… I cannot reverse it, however, but… from what I can sense it is temporary…” Cas spoke as he studied the young version of the archangel.
Dean is 72 years old now, it is the morning of his birthday and the day goes like every single birthday in the last 5 years. Except for the ending.
One night though after they had had sex, Castiel was trying to explain what the word meant, Dean told Castiel that it sort of sounded like the word Devotion and soon after looking at the definition, Castiel agreed. Although Cas still believed Devotion was still a bit to small of a word for his feelings but the word was much better fitting than the word love.
Cas took a moment to process what his hunter had just said before finally nodding tiredly, “T…that sounds like a good idea… Everything hurts…”
Cas shook his head gently in confusion, “They are beautiful drawings Dean, I would think he would have appreciated your drawings…”
The please was what broke Dean, it was soft and Cas’ eyes were filled with worry. Dean slowly nodded and sat down at the table, letting Cas get their food. Dean only ate half his dinner before the pointless chatter between Cas and Sam was too overwhelming and he suddenly got up, the chair scraping against the ground loudly and he went to his room. Cas watched Dean tossing his half-eaten food out, he wanted to follow him, to comfort him but he knew Dean needed space more than anything, but not too much or he would push Cas away completely. Sam looked at Cas before softly supplying, “You should probably go after him…”
Dean smiled at the suggestion, after the whole debacle with Claire, Cas had been trying to involve her more and more, and the girl accepted it. Even though Cas knew he would never fully make it up to her, he did care about her a lot. “I am sure they would love to come, Angel,”
Cas wants a new suit, and after getting a tear in his trench coat, instead of letting the angel repair it with his grace, Dean suggests finding a new one, so they go to the mall.
Cas blushed a little and chewed on his lip, “Well actually, Dean, Sam Smith is gay…”
Gabe shook his head gently and started to stroke Castiel's wings, "Oh baby bird..."
Cas spun around so quickly he nearly gave himself whiplash to see Gabriel standing there with a small smirk on his face. Cas stared at him with shock and fear and tried to move away, "You... you are dead this isn't right."
Sam was shaking some, his pain radiating off of him before he finally started to turn away from the pyre. Not being able to stomach the sight or the smell right now, Sam nodded gently to Cas, his eyes lingering on his brother who barely noticed his brother leaving before he made his way through the field and back to the bunker. Cas nodded in return then gently moved closer to Dean, softly speaking, “Honeybee…”
Dean frowned some, not wanting to bring up the Fall but he didn’t trust the snarky and overly annoying angel, “Metatron? Cas are you sure? I mean… he isn’t exactly trustworthy.”
Cas sighed and then nodded, “Okay, are you sure you want my help though? I know you are very protective of her.”
Dean looked at Cas who looked overwhelmingly worried still and nodded, “Thank you Doc… how soon can I leave?”
Dean looked back at the display case again, there was one ring that kept catching his eyes, it was a black ring, with a skinny blue band in the middle, the color matching Cas’ eyes perfectly and an idea popping into his head. He turned to the woman, “Actually yes,” Dean pointed to the ring he was thinking about, “Is there any chance that ring can be customized,”
Cas smiled gently before leaning forward and kissing Dean slowly, “Thank you, Dean,”
Cas hand found its way to the handprint on Dean’s shoulder, after all these years it was still there, not that Cas expected it to be gone considering a piece of his grace was there. Cas could just barely feel the grace left inside him resonating with the piece in Dean’s scar, Dean gasped in pleasure when Cas applied enough pressure to it. Cas smirked before he had enough of Dean’s teasing and flipped them over so he was now on top, and Dean let him. Dean had always taken the lead, pushed things at his own pace but right now, Cas wanted the control. Cas lips found Dean’s for a just a moment before the trailed to the brand on Dean’s skin, the mark that told any other angels who this human belonged to, he hadn’t meant to do it but now he was supremely glad he had. Cas missed being able to see Dean's soul, it had been and would always be his favorite because he believed it to be the most beautiful soul his father had ever created. When Cas just barely nipped at the bottom of the handprint Dean moaned lewdly and closed his eyes tightly whimpering, “Fuck Cas”
Sam whined and cuddled into Dean’s side more, and Dean stroked Sam’s back before looked at Cas, “Angel, he isn’t a bomb. Just hold him kinda like I am holding Sam,”
Dean looked at Cas, “Was it just them?”
So because there are only 30 prompts and 31 days in August I split this prompt into 2. Also because I am an evil person and wanted to make you wait for what happens next another day.
Dean’s thoughts stilled utterly, that was the absolute last thing he had expected Castiel to say, after a moment, he stuttered, “W…what?”
The woman looked at the ring, then went around the corner and opened the display case, carefully pulling out the ring that is displayed on a single finger holder, “That would depend, what would you like to do?’
Dean smirked before leaning forward and capturing Cas’ lips slowly before bending down more to whisper in his ear, “Showing you that you are still just as hot to me as the day we met.” Dean pulled away more his eyes raking over the former angel’s body before softly saying, “Speaking of, I kind of wish there was a scar for when I stabbed you, not that I thought to stab you was fun but, it would mark when we first met.”
By the end of the night, Dean was drunk, and his angel was pleasantly buzzed, they stumbled into their room and started to strip each other. The sex was sloppy and fast, with Cas barely having pulled out after his orgasm to collapse mostly on Dean. Dean moaned sleepily and slurred, “Love you... Misser… W…wincheser…”
Sam chuckled gently and shook his head, “Hey it’s cool, I can’t usually hear you guys from my room but I was out here when I heard you guys uh… so I went to my room for a bit.”
Dean pulled Cas by his tie, smashing their lips together and kissing the angel with a fervent need. They could only have a few more days together, he had no idea what Chuck was planning but one thing he had dreamt about for years was having Cas fuck him.
Cas rubbed the back of his neck slightly nervously, “Sorry…”
Dean chuckled and shook his head, “No, as much as I trust you and your powers, I want to wash her.”
Cas nodded, “Yes, yes he does.” Cas turned and went through the saloon looking doors Dean had just gone through and Dean now had his cowboy hat on, “This is so great isn’t it angel!”
Dean smiled and moved to wrap his arms tighter around Cas, humming gently before asking, “Am I cooking breakfast?”
Dean turned over in Cas’ arms so his face was now in Cas’ chest and he was starting to drift off to sleep but not before whispering, “Love you, Angel,”
Cas nodded weakly, he had heard and understood what Dean had said but he couldn’t make any words come out, he realized his mouth was full of blood and coughed when he tried to take a deep breath. He was starting to feel light-headed, no doubt from loss of blood.
Gabe looked at the lost expression in Dean’s eyes, he had been through molting himself on Earth, he had never had any help mostly because he refused to let anyone touch his wings unless they were an angel. He took a deep breath and then spoke, “I know you normally like touching his wings, but right now you need to avoid them. Because it will feel like you are putting fire on his wings. Since he is in a vessel the main struggle is going to be keeping him cool, so cold rags on his neck, forehead and he may want something cold on his wings. Being on his stomach is going to be the best, he won't be able to lay on his back until the feathers regrow completely.”
Sam smiled some and then pulled Dean into a hug, “He is going to say yes man, What else would he say,”
Sam chuckled warmly as he stood up, grabbing his plate since he was finished, “Fuck off Jerk.”
Dean chuckled gently and rubbed the nape of Cas’ neck softly, “Angel we need to eat breakfast…”
Because Castiel was an angel, Gabriel had suggested a special binding ritual, that was more binding than a regular human marriage. At first, Dean had been confused but after Castiel described it, it sounded beautiful. It bound Dean’s soul to Castiel’s grace permanently, so when Dean did finally die because unfortunately, it was inevitable. Dean’s soul would become attached to Castiel’s grace for the rest of Castiel’s life.
Cas bit his lip harder, nearly drawing blood and shook his head, “You can’t go yet, Dean… I don’t… I don’t want you to go yet… please” The word please came out so broken as Cas tried to plead with Dean and keep his human alive. Cas could feel the reaper there, and he wanted to yell at it, it wouldn’t matter because Dean’s soul was going to become attached to Cas’ grace, but the reaper had to be there for the death.
Dean watched Cas silently as he was making his coffee the former angel’s back to him, before gently wrapping his arms around Cas’ waist, resting his head on Cas’ shoulder, “Morning Cas…”
let go.
Cas leaned forward so he was hovering over Dean, his fingers still rubbing Dean’s hole, Cas pressed their lips together before pressing a finger in slowly. Dean gasped out and moaned gently, there was no pain, Dean knew Cas had to be using his grace but he couldn’t find it in himself to care. Dean arched into Cas as the angel moving faster, pushing his finger in and out of Dean’s hole.
Sam nodded some and then looked towards Dean’s room as his music started playing loudly. Cas knew that was his signal, and Sam nodded to Cas when he looked at Sam as if asking permission to go before getting up. Cas walked to Dean’s room, before gently knocking, not that he needed to, Dean would know who was coming in but he wanted to give Dean a chance to make him leave if he still wasn’t ready. When no refusal came Cas gently entered the room, Dean was lying in the bed, seemingly listening to the music but anyone who knew Dean well enough could see he wasn’t paying attention to the music. Cas gently stripped out of his shirt and jeans before joining Dean in bed, waiting silently for Dean to be ready to talk.
Cas cut Dean off by grabbing his wrist and pulling him close, making Dean look at him, “Dean! I already took care of it, Sam and I already took care of everything. You haven’t been sleeping well lately, so I wanted to let you sleep in.”
Dean then realized a third thing, and there were tears streaming down his face, shakily he wiped his eyes and gave Cas a warm smile, “I love you so much Castiel.”
Cas’ eyebrows knitted together more and felt completely lost, “What are you talking about brother?”
Dean closed his eyes tightly and clung tightly to Cas’ hand. “I don’t know what to do Cas…”
Dean gasped at the sudden cold air on his legs before suddenly Cas was picking him, Dean instinctively wrapped his legs around the angel but somehow their lips stayed together.
The desire to touch Dean made Cas’ palms itch and soon he did just that, making the lube Dean had to his side appear in his hands and put some on his hands before moving between the hunter’s legs. Cas was surprised at the coolness of the fluid and used his grace to warm it some, then laying his other hand on Dean’s knee, making Dean’s eyes open once again, the man’s pupils blown wide with lust. Cas followed Dean’s movements as he gently rubbed Dean’s perineum, his fingers moving in small circles around Dean’s hole, the tight pucker gently relaxing.
Cas stared at Gabriel in shock, "But... father... father is gone... Joshua said."
Cas pressed his lips gently to the side of Dean’s head, “We are fine though Dean.”
The doctor smiled warmly and nodded, “Trying to get him or your brother to leave was essentially impossible and the nurses liked your brother. So try to get some rest, I will return in a few hours to check on you.”
By the time Dean came back, Cas had cleaned up their mess and was pulled his pants back on. Dean smiled some at Cas, “I am going to get some lunch, want anything?”
Panic overwhelmed Cas at the thought of Dean seeing his horrid wings. Dean looked at Cas with awe, “They are gorgeous Cas, why didn’t you ever show me them before?”
Sam hesitated before responding, “No… I mean we just watched all these people disappear in front of us man…”
Cas was quiet as he listened to Dean, letting the man speak before Dean trailed off and his face grew red, Cas could see the embarrassment in Dean’s eyes. “Dean…”
Dean closed his eyes and arched his hips into Cas, but the angel was mostly pinning his hips down, “Angel… come on I was just teasing.”
Dean chuckled and shrugged, “Fuck off, you are just jealous.”
Dean nodded and smiled, “Thank you so much.”
A hunt for a witch goes wrong when the witch hits Dean with a spell and suddenly Dean needs Cas more than he has ever needed Cas before. Only problem is, Gabe and Cas are in Heaven, how will Sam reach them.
I am so sorry this is a day late guys.
Dean yelped in surprise at the bruising grip on his wrists but he cried out, “Yes Alpha!” Dean’s eyes suddenly flew open after the word Alpha come out of his mouth. That wasn’t what he had meant to say, he wanted to say Cas’ name. Cas could see the clarity in Dean’s eyes as he brokenly asked, “W…whats wrong with me Cas…”
Sam nodded some, “Sure thing, Dean, I also picked up some Pecan pie, it’s in the fridge.”
Cas was still hesitant but didn’t respond this time. Dean moved more so he could drive, and looked down at Sam and Gabriel, “Sammy you guys gotta sit with Cas on his lap so I can drive,”
Dean swallowed around the lump in his throat and reached his free hand up and cupped Cas’ cheek, the angel reacted instantly opening his eyes. Dean pulled Cas down and their lips met, finally, Cas started to move, slowly thrusting in and out.
Dean huffed in annoyance again as he tried to think of something that he was sure he could win. Cas gently cleared his throat to break the silence, “Dean if you wish, we could not play anything else.”
Castiel looked up at Dean with a hope in his eyes that the hunter hadn’t seen in weeks, almost instantly though that hope was gone and Cas’ face turned harder, as if he was forcing himself to keep his emotions check, it reminded Dean of when he first met his angel. “I remember everything Dean,” And the former angel did remember everything, every moment. Especially the moment he had broken down and told Dean how he loved him and had left him to protect him, he remembered Dean telling him he loved him too but after Purgatory things went bad, and Castiel was sure that the hunter had forgotten.
Same smirked a little, he could see his brother panic and walked next to Dean as they went to the meadow. In an instant Dean realized another reason Cas had suggested the meadow, it was where they had burned Charlie’s body, and the arch where Gabriel and Cas stood, was only a few feet in front of the cross Dean had made for her. Dean’s heart swelled more at the thought of what Cas had done for him because Cas had known Dean would want Charlie there, and even though she couldn’t be there for real, she was here in spirit.
Unlike his human, Castiel had realized much quicker how he felt for Dean Winchester because it was easy for Castiel to know. Castiel learned early on in his life, that feeling things, feeling Human emotions was the first step to falling.
Castiel had no real modesty, probably the whole angel thing, and just stripped down and pulled the more comfortable clothes on. The pants were a little too long and the shirt hung off of him more than it would have on Dean, but Dean was a little shocked because he thought he had liked seeing Cas in a suit but Holy fuck if he didn’t look like a fucking sex-god wearing jeans and his shirt. Dean forced himself to swallow before going with Cas into the kitchen.
Cas smiled warmly and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, softly whispering back. “I love you to Honeybee,” Cas watched as Dean fell asleep completely, and decided they would have the conversation of a child soon before they got married Cas needed to make sure Dean was fully aware that it could be an option even if Cas didn’t want to, not that he didn’t love seeing Dean with children, but because he did not want their child to have to run and hide their whole life. Cas also knew though that it was not fair to protect that possibility from Dean, because Dean loved children and had wanted to be able to have children even if he had given up on the idea after entering a relationship with Castiel.
Dean wanted to follow Cas because he knew his angel was overwhelmed, and terrified of screwing this up, so he let him be by himself for a moment. After calming the two toddlers down, he sat in front of them as they ate, “Okay guys, we need to take it easy on Cas okay? He hasn’t dealt with kids so can we try to be nice to Cas?”
Dean smirked gently, pulling away some to meet Cas’ eyes, “You liked that, didn’t you Angel?”
Dean smirked with some hopefulness that he could win, or maybe at least Cas could lose. Sam went to find the game while Dean explained it to Cas, and soon enough they were playing.
Dean smiled gently and nodded, “They are bud, but you can’t just grab at them okay. You have to ask if you can touch them first. And if he says no, that means no right, Sammy?”
Dean groaned again and scrubbed his hand over his face, “Well, we can be prepared, and we will kill her when she comes to kill them.”
Halfway through cooking, Cas was too painfully hard to care anymore, and he slotted himself behind Dean, kissing along his hunter’s neck gently. For a minute Dean tried to ignore his angel, but then the asshole dipped his finger into the slightly melted chocolate meant for dessert and smeared it on Dean’s neck, then worked on licking it all off, making Dean groan in pleasure.
Dean looked at the small bundle and nodded, “Yeah, if you have an idea…”
Cas blushed a bit, “Uh…”
Cas watched Dean sleeping, Dean had planned to get up this morning but he had been stressed out still after Charlie’s death last week, so he had enlisted Sam’s help so he could take care of everything and then climbed back into bed with Dean. It was almost noon now and Dean was still fast asleep. Cas slowly and carefully cuddled closer to Dean, and Dean’s arm wrapped around him and pulled him closer pressing his face against Cas’ chest. Cas smiled softly and gently moved so he could lay his hand on the handprint on Dean’s shoulder, it was his favorite place to touch for so many reasons, most of them being the way Dean reacted but also because he could feel his grace resonating with it. Dean made a gentle noise of contentment and moved even closer to Cas, their bodies pressing together at every point.
Cas smiled some before carefully toeing his shoes off before climbing into bed with Dean. Dean wrapped his arm without the IV in it around Cas and closed his eyes, it was barely a few minutes later before Dean was starting to fall asleep again. Cas sighed gently before closing eyes and soon followed Dean into a dreamless slumber.
Cas gasped at the sudden change of passion and closed his eyes, he could hear Dean’s desires in his ears, radiating through his grace like Dean was praying, begging for him. Cas panted some and pulled away, meeting Dean’s eyes, “Are you sure?”
Dean looked back at Sam, and his eyes filled with tears before he nodded, then sat next to the two and stroked his fingers through Sam’s hair and Gabes. Dean closed his eyes and started to sing ‘Hey Jude’ softly, Dean sees Sam begin to drift off, and when he was younger he had tried to stop singing, but soon learned quickly he needed to sing the entire song.
Dean bit his lip to keep himself from laughing as he watched Cas dancing around the bunker as he was cleaning. Sam was gone to help Jody out with something, and Dean had meant to be gone all day so that he could go Christmas shopping, and then grocery shopping. Dean, however, had needed to come home after finishing his Christmas shopping because he had forgotten his grocery list. Dean knew normally his angel would use his grace to clean since he had gotten it back, but sometimes he would clean the human way.
Gabriel was tired of being ignored and cleared his throat, "That was my fault, sorry Dean-O, making Fantasy stuff can alter time a little."
Dean was pulled from sleep by the sounds of Cas groaning and whimpering in pain, Dean rubbed his eyes sleepily before he slowly looked at Cas who was covered in sweat and curled up with his back towards Dean. Dean tried to rub Cas’ back but Cas cried out in pain and tried to pull away from Dean’s touch. Panic suddenly lanced through Dean and he got up and moved so he was facing Cas, “Cas… Angel what’s wrong”
Dean raised his eyebrows, “Do I even want to know? I mean… I guess I can imagine but…”
Its been 6 days since Cas' wings finished molting. Dean and Sam had no choice but to go on a hunt the day after and had been gone since. When they get back, Cas surprises Dean with dinner, dessert, and a massage.
Dean gently kissed Cas’ head and softly whispered, “I will be right back Angel, I promise sweetie.”
Sometimes though when Cas was struggling lately he noticed that Cas tended to seek Dean out more than Sam even though Sam was more equipped to handle the emotional baggage. Dean took a deep breath and softly spoke, this was as good of a time as any to finally figure out if Cas still felt the same, “Cas… do you… do you remember what happened when we were in Purgatory?”
Cas smirked and slowly started to kiss every single scar on Dean’s body, the ones on Dean’s thighs were the most erotic, but also the most heartbreaking because Cas knew they had been done when Dean was just a kid. Dean groaned and arched up gently as Cas’ warm breath ghosted gently over the wet patch on his boxers.
Cas looked at Gabriel who was studying Dean closely, “I cannot sense what the witch did to Dean. Could you try brother?”
Dean thought for barely a moment before nodding, “Always my Angel, in some like fancy script.”
Cas turned to see Dean laying net to him, but he recognized he wasn't seeing Dean's soul, he was seeing Dean as if he was a human again. Dean smiled and leaned forward, "Good Morning my King,"
Castiel personally healed Dean’s soul, pulled it back together and rebuilt the human’s body. Castiel admired Dean’s soul because even though the man had tortured souls in Hell, it was the purest soul Castiel had ever seen. When Castiel rebuilt his body, he definitely appreciated the human’s physique. Castiel had been particularly enamored by Dean Winchester’s freckles, not that he really understood what he had felt back then.
Dean could hear Sam and Gabriel moving around to trying and cover themselves up, until Gabriel growled, “What the hell could be so important that you are still standing here instead of going to your damn room!”
Once they made it to the room Dean’s eyes lit up at the pictures on the wall and explained to Cas who the cowboys were with excitement. Cas just listened to him and asked questions here and there before Dean went towards where the beds were to put his things away. Gabe looked at Cas, “He… uh… likes cowboys huh?”
A flurry of emotions crossed Castiel’s face. Finally, he shook his head.
“You can kiss me anytime, Dean.”
But then Dean’s face turns towards him and Castiel watches as his expression shifts from what was surely going to be a snarky remark about his lack of coordination (as if he was in any real danger of falling off the couch) to… something else. Something new and unexpected.
Dean’s face contorts beneath him and Castiel experiences a moment of concern, unsure what this reaction is -- is that laughter?
“What do you want, Dean?”
“Is there a problem here?” asked the other hunter, getting out of the truck and stepping around to stand in front of it.”
“Let’s find out.” He makes himself go slowly, watching every microexpression that flits across Dean’s face as he brings his hand up from the edge of the couch to trace down his cheek, thumb trailing through the stubble along his jaw. He leans closer, mere inches away, and it is a struggle to keep his voice steady. “How curious, Dean?”
Dean’s eyes flutter shut and remain so for several long seconds after Castiel slowly draws back, smiling. “Well?”
Enjoying how Dean’s eyes widen incrementally, Castiel hooks his fingers under the hem of his shirt and slide it effortlessly over his head, discarding it upon the floor. Finally only one shirt remains, though it may as well be one hundred for all that it still conceals what he wants. Dean’s gaze is averted, as though he thinks he could look anything less than perfect in Castiel’s eyes. Castiel couldn’t bear if Dean lost his nerve on so baseless an assumption.
Out of all of the possible ways one might die, this would be one of the most preferable in Castiel’s opinion (and would spare him death-by-Amanda, bound to be less pleasant). He is about to tell Dean as much… but the human does look quite cold and while he doesn’t think his life is actually in danger he does experience some concern about the suppressing effect mild hypothermia might have on his immune system. With great reluctance, Castiel sits back on his heels and retrieves the blankets, not missing how Dean’s eyes follow his movements. And yet, Dean still helpfully retrieves Castiel’s shirts from the coffee table for him, so he grudgingly puts them on before wrapping himself around Dean and tucking the man securely between his body and the back of the couch while pulling the blanket over them.
Apparently Dean took that ‘we’ in the royal sense as, aside from moving his feet out of the way in self-preservation when Castiel sits down, he shows no inclination of helping to actually make room. Not only that, neither is he sharing the blankets although there are certainly enough of those for two people. Castiel tugs at them -- what, has Dean sewn himself shut inside of them? -- and may put a little more force than necessary into a leveraging foot against Dean’s thigh as he wrestles an edge loose.
“I don’t know exactly,” Cas admits. “I assume something you did – everything in the Empty seems to be back in this plane of existence, demons and angels alike.”
Dean was grateful for the darkness, as he was quite sure he blushed.
“Good. Let’s go home.”
“I can take care of myself, Dean. And Steven and I have each other’s backs.”
* * * * *
Castiel’s eyes narrow as the pieces click into place and he understands, annoyance and affection and relief warring within him. For why would Dean ever let anything in his life be easy? Truly he should have been concerned if he had acted any other way and ought to have planned for this very eventuality, even if he’d never had any expectation it would come to pass. Having not done so and being distracted by the beautiful, obnoxious face in front of him, he finds himself at a loss for words. In lieu of a snarky response, he thinks he really should make Dean follow through on his threat to go to sleep.
“Stay out of this,” shot Dean.
* * * * *
“Yes.”
Eventually the kiss ran its course, but neither was inclined to be separated by even an inch so soon, so they continued to hold each other close, heads on shoulders, until even with their shared body heat Dean began to shiver again.
“What?” he asked Sam.
// fin //
“Yes, we located the pack last night.”
It’s granted. Dean’s hand comes up to curl fingers in Castiel’s hair, pulling him closer as he licks into Dean’s mouth eagerly. Dean sucks on his tongue, drawing out a moan; Castiel raises a hand to Dean’s cheek again, stroking his thumb over it and deepening the kiss, forgetting about hypothetical lines as he shifts his hands to Dean’s back and lays him down again, swallowing a breathless laugh that escapes his lips. Last lingering doubts about how far Dean’s curiosity goes are erased by the tangle of fingers in hair, a continuing kiss, and the scrape of fingernails along the bare skin of his back beneath his sweaters -- and that last catches him blissfully off-guard, drawing a growl from his lips as he arches into the touch.
“Good.” Interpreting Dean’s lack of action to mean he requires additional prompting, Castiel takes hold of his wrists and guides them to rest against Dean’s thighs. “Take them off for me.”
“Cas.” Barely audible; but he thinks if he could still hear prayers his mind would hold a cacophony. He will answer anyways. “Cas—“
“Sam Winchester. My brother, Dean.”
“Sorry,” Dean interrupts, sounding discordantly at ease. “So that was it?”
“Better,” murmurs Castiel, slipping the tip of his thumb between Dean’s lips, captivated by the wet heat within. “Much better.” His eyes remain fixed on Dean’s mouth, considering. Desire courses through his veins at the sight of Dean willing and waiting before him, and he does owe him some amount of mischief if nothing else. Pulling away, Castiel eases up on an elbow to look down upon him. “Don’t move.”
What was Cas’s problem? Had everything been sunshine and roses lately? No, but when had it ever been that didn’t involve some sort of nefarious, paranormal entity? Right. No, any time things seemed to be going well, something would inevitably go wrong.
“Excuse me, can we get through?”
Castiel blinks and repeats the words in his head a few times to try and get their measure, then plays them against Dean’s reaction following the kiss. Deans lips curve into an irritating smirk.
“Because you called to me. I… I will always come when you call, Dean. But you said you will not ask me to stay. So, why should I?”
Dean blinked. “Thanks, Cas.”
“Sure thing, hon.”
Castiel considers throwing the nearest available object at Dean to wipe the smirk off his face -- it’s a glass bottle, however, and likely to cause extensive damage; personal aggravation to be incurred during the recovery process likely not worth the momentary satisfaction, and ultimately he prefers Dean’s face when it is not covered with cuts and bruises -- and suppresses a sigh before stepping across the mattress and turning off the lights as requested. Menial labor completed for the pleasure of his incredibly formidable and not at all annoying-slash-adorable leader, he turns to go to the couch.
“Oh. Yeah.” Dean licked his suddenly dry lips.
Sam eyed the now rapidly depleting amount of beer in Dean’s glass. The waitress passed near and Dean flagged her down.
Dean sat wordlessly then, listening to the river and wishing it could wash away his mistakes. The stars crept across the sky above, and the night’s chill slowly seeped into his bones. He endured the cold for a while, letting his shivers pay penance for his sins – or at least, scratch the surface of them – but eventually conceded that it wouldn’t be fair to Sam if he fell asleep and fell into the river and drowned.
Sam looked between his brother and the angel, trying to assess the situation. “Do you want to go somewhere else? We passed another bar not too far from here earlier.”
“I love you.”
alive?”
“Right. Good.” Sam looked between the three other men. “So you’re, uh..?”
Then a frown seems to settle across Dean’s eyes and he tenses against Castiel. Uncertainty followed quickly by anxiety cuts through the warmth suffusing him.
His eyes had long since acclimated to the darkness, and he could easily pick out the path back to the road through the trees. He could also make out a person-shaped and -sized silhouette along that path. It appeared to be wearing a trench coat.
“Are you—“
The first touch is feather-light and Castiel hums with pleasure; then the kiss deepens and he curves a hand around the back of Dean’s neck, tilting his head to pull him in further. He licks across Dean’s lower lip and takes it between his teeth, tugging on it gently, testing the waters before sliding his tongue just inside as Dean’s hand closes over his shoulder. The hand doesn’t push, doesn’t pull. Castiel’s mind absently wonders if this will be the place where Dean draws the line; he nips and licks at Dean’s lips languidly, hopeful, petitioning for entry.
Sam jumped when the bathroom door slammed open. In the dim lighting, it wasn’t until after Dean left that he noticed the spatters of blood left behind. Torn between the urge to make sure Dean was okay (relatively speaking) and give him the space he demanded, Sam set to cleaning up the blood.
It didn’t escape his notice that the chosen table also provided a clear line of sight to Cas, although Dean was doing a fair impression of looking everywhere but there. After ordering two beers, they sat in silence. Sam struggled to remember the last time he’d been in a situation that felt so awkward and was relieved when their drinks quickly came.
Yeah, why does that something always seem to be you?
“You’re welcome, Dean.”
As the bunker door clangs shut behind Dean, a heavy tiredness seeps into his limbs as the adrenaline that had kept him going for those past few days finally fizzles out, leaving a sense of emptiness behind. He should be happy – they had won after all, and Jack was able to pull back everyone Chuck had vanished – but there is a hole in his heart where that feeling should be.
Fingers brush against the waist of his sweatpants and Castiel hopes Dean will be as efficient in their removal as he was with his shirts when movement to his left distracts him. He feels Dean freeze and follow his gaze as he looks for its source, focusing on a mound of clothing on top of the coffee table with narrowed eyes. He glances at the mattress farther off and the two forms huddled upon it, still as if in deep sleep but… their breathing, nearly silent, is too quiet, too measured, and while he is still somewhat new to the intricacies of sleep he is fairly certain that shirt-throwing is not normally a part of it.
A hand shoves against his chest, holding him back, but his protest fades away as another hand grasps at the hem of his own shirts, pulling sweatshirt and thermal off in one go with significantly more confidence (though only slightly more grace) than Dean managed with his first, leaving blessedly bare skin in their wake. Dean throws the clothes across the room with what would most accurately be described as justifiably extreme prejudice. Castiel can’t help but laugh, but is quickly silenced by a dull tug against his scalp and Dean’s lips teasing at the edges of his and yes, more of that would be good. He follows Dean back down against the couch, settling his weight against him in a long line of how-are-they-still-wearing-any-clothes as his tongue demands entry, enthusiastically given, to Dean’s mouth. Castiel shifts his hips against Dean’s, luxuriating in the hot press of Dean’s cock against his, even through six (six?!) layers of fabric.
“We should…” Castiel trails off, falling into the distraction of their bodies still pressed together, still hard and hot despite the interruption. What should they do again? What does one even say when one needs to schedule a raincheck with a not-so-heterosexual-after-all man due to being surrounded by rude drunk people who, if they are going to pretend to be asleep, could at least have the common decency to be good at it? “Is this awkward?”
Tears slip down his cheeks and he smiles. “You have me, Cas. As long as you want me.
“Yeah, football sounds good,” he said to Sam. “Knew you’d come around to it eventually.” He picked up his untouched glass of beer and gestured towards Sam with it before taking a drink. “You’re gonna love it.”
Dean’s gaze flicked involuntarily to the angel across the bar. Then to a man putting his hand on the angel’s shoulder and sitting down next to him to order a drink, then back to Cas as he turned to face the newcomer, an easy smile on his face. Dean’s chest tightened at that smile and he tore his eyes away, burying whatever feelings had started to bubble up. It was the shock at seeing the angel again, he told himself. Cas had chosen to leave, and that was fine. Like he’d said, Dean and Sam had each other, and they were getting on just fine thank you very much.
Dean winced. He had regretted the words as soon as he’d said them. But he’d meant them. Were they fair? No. Was he an asshole for saying them? Yes. But he meant them, and he’d own them. Mom was dead, Jack was dead, Rowena was dead.
Dean’s laugh breaks like glass. "
The one time Sam tried to talk to Dean he was ignored completely, so he retreated to the comfort of his laptop. Dean went into the bathroom and turned on the shower. He stared at the streaming water, then closed the toilet lid and sat on it, shower still running.
“Maybe we got this one wrong, Sammy,” Dean said one their way from their motel to a bar just down the street.
“Yeah.” Dean took a long drink of beer. “Good for him.”
Dean is on the couch. He knew that already. And it’s not that he personally considers that to be a problem, but with the limited real estate… Castiel pauses and looks at Joseph and Amanda on the mattress again, eyes narrowing. There is just enough room for a third person, but although he has done away with his practice of not sharing a bed with others for sleep purposes and has found doing so with Dean quite pleasant, he finds himself reluctant to do the same with others. Plus, Amanda is snoring and he thinks he can see a bit of drool on Joseph’s pillow.
Cas blinked. “What?”
“I can’t—. I don’t know how you can love me, I don’t deserve it. I don’t deserve you. You’ve saved me more times and more ways than I can count over the years. When you’re gone, it’s like a part of me is missing.” Dean clears his throat as it tightens and his eyes grow hot with the threat of tears. “And you’re the best part of me, Cas.”
“Maybe.”
“Dude,” Dean whispers loudly, slapping at the back of the couch with an impressive lack of accuracy. “Come here. I’m not kicking you off the couch.”
“Cas. You’re probably halfway to Oregon by now. I don’t know if you can still hear me, or if you are even bothering to listen to me if you can after the asshole I’ve been lately. For a long time.” Dean took a deep breath, steadying himself.
Eventually, reluctantly, he pulls back again, skimming his thumb along the edge of the now vivid mark. He can’t resist another lick and revels in the strangled noise that breaks through Dean’s panting when he places it, but lets Dean drag him back up after, if only for a moment so he can plan his next move. That t-shirt really has to go.
Dean switched his arms to cover his injured hand. “It’s nothing, stopped bleeding hours ago. What are you--.”
“Or maybe it was a cougar or coyote or something. Rabies, I dunno.” Dean opened the door to the bar. “After you.”
“Dean!”
“Well good for you and Steven.” Silence.
A sobbing laugh breaks Dean’s smile into a grin and shakes loose more tears to be stopped by Cas’s touch. Seeing that the angel had shed a few of his own, Dean mirrors his movement, leaving his hand to rest against his jawline after. Cas’s hand cups the side of Dean’s neck, and neither could say for sure who pulls whom closer, or if they both lean in of their own volition but slowly, shyly, they close the scant distance between them.
“Steven Palmer,” the hunter introduced himself.
Cas huffed gently, trying to hide a laugh.
“Got anything else or can I get some sleep?”
“I know more than you think! The years I’ve lived here may be insubstantial when compared to my entire lifetime, but they have provided a variety of experiences from which I have learned, including as a human myself.”
The joy of reunion can’t overcome exhaustion indefinitely, and after the third time Sam yawns he admits he’d better get to bed before he falls asleep at the table. Dean waves off his offer to help clean up, says he and Cas have got it. For a moment, the only sound is the clinking of glass bottles dropped into the recycle bin. Task finished, Dean and Cas find themselves standing across from each other as they have so many times before.
Before he can finish his sentence, much less the thought meant to shape it, he’s being pulled down again, Dean’s face pressing against the bare skin of his shoulder and yes, he’s laughing, and as the ridiculousness of the situation sinks in Castiel can’t help but do them same, collapsing on top of him and burying his face against Dean’s neck to muffle the sound as he feels Dean laugh even harder. It’s not sex, but it feels good just to lay together like this, too, in a different sort of shared intimacy.
“I got it, I got it,” Dean tells him, their hands brushing against each other as he takes the rag.
“I have no objection to touching you. It would be far easier, however, if you were wearing less.”
“This okay?” Dean mumbles against him. Castiel has to stop himself from laughing -- nothing in all of time and Creation has ever been more okay, nor has any word at any time been so inadequate a descriptor.
“Since we came this far and things seemed to be resolved, maybe we can do some sightseeing, take a little vacation,” suggested Sam, to minimal reaction. He pressed on. “It’s football season, right? We could go to a game.” That got a slightly stronger response, but only slightly.
“No. That’s not right. I want you. With us. Powers or no powers, I don’t give a damn. You’re part of the team, you’re family.” Dean paused again, turning a rock over in his hands. He threw it into the river.
Dean headed back to the bar. Whether his subconscious pointed him in that direction because it was the closest alcohol or the last place he saw Cas he couldn’t say, but when he only found one of those things there he left after just one drink, mumbling an apology and upping the tip for the blood.
Cautiously, shyly he raised his free hand to Cas’s face. If it trembled, he put it down to the cold. If it only grazed Cas’s face and ended up threaded through his hair instead, maybe that was on account of the darkness. But when he used that hand to pull Cas towards him while he leaned in and slowly, desperately pressed their lips together, that was all Dean. And Cas kissed him back and pulled him closer and Dean sobbed in relief.
Slowly, the laughter subsides after several breathy aftershocks course through Dean and transition to small shivers. The contrast between Dean’s hands on his back and the cold air is stark, but Castiel can’t bring himself to care. What he does care about very much, now that the mystery of the flying fabric is solved, is that Dean still has on that annoying t-shirt, thin cotton mocking him as it separates their skin. It is very thin… he wonders if Dean might not even notice the difference if it were gone.
It was pure chance that brought them back together, in as much as anything is by chance.
“I’m not sure there’s enough room,” he prevaricates. From the mattress comes a sound not unlike a thump, and Joseph makes a pained noise, which makes them both wince. Castiel hastily revises his assessment -- not enough room for a third person on the mattress without risk of serious injury (who knew Amanda was as dangerous in sleep as on the training field?) -- and makes his way to the couch, resigning himself to the battle against biology that is no doubt about to take place, even with the depressant effect of alcohol (should’ve brought another bottle out). Perhaps Dean will fall asleep quickly. “We can make room.”
“Cas must’ve teamed up with another hunter.”
“You saw the photos, Dean. Maybe the pack moved on.”
“Make sure you get good seats, none of that nosebleeds or obstructed view bullshit.”
“You left. You just left.” His voice broke a little. Dean took a breath before speaking again. “Where the hell have you been?” Anger. Much better. Stronger.
“I’m guessing you had Steven drop you off and walked?”
When the whiskeys came, he immediately slammed one back before starting in on the other at a more moderate pace.
“You shouldn’t have done that, Cas. You don’t know how much you have left.”
“Just say thank you, Dean.”
“I’m fine, Dean. Please stop worrying and trust me.”
“But what if you’re not?!” Dean’s voice broke. “I can’t lose you, too. Not again.”
Castiel pulls back, intending to regain some measure of control, but upon seeing Dean’s face he realizes he never had any hope of that. He is enraptured, ensnared, and it is such sweet confinement.
You don’t care. I’m dead to you.
“I could make a long list of all the ways I’ve fucked up, but we’d be here all night and most of tomorrow. But I’m sorry. For all of it. I need you.”  He paused for a long moment. If Cas was listening, he’d think that was all Dean had to say, but then he continued.
Dean shook his head of these thoughts almost immediately. He knew there was no use thinking about what he could have done differently. Cas' sacrifice saved him. If he hadn't been there to take down Billie, Dean wouldn't even be alive enough to
“Right, one more thing and then we have the basics down. We’ll need a place to perform the spell; somewhere that’s significant to Cas. This one was a bit trickier to figure out, but I think Nick was able to summon Lucifer because he
“It’s freezing, do I get a say in this?”
But, as it turned out, he wasn’t as okay with that as he had initially thought. As they made to get out the car, Max stopped them. “No, just you, Dean.”
They'd battled leviathans in purgatory, fought literal and metaphorical demons every single day, fallen out and lost each other more times than Sam could even recall...and they had always found their back to one another. They were connected in more ways than even they knew, but Sam saw it. He saw how broken they both were when the other was lost; he saw how unconditionally protective they were of one another; he saw the way they laughed together and the stolen glances. And he saw how frequently they fought over silly and serious things, because of how much they
Unsurprisingly, that didn’t work either. He was always so...hyperaware, whenever Cas was near. Maybe it was the whole bond thing, or something else, but he couldn’t just pretend Cas was here. There was an ache in his chest that never seemed to ease. He looked up as he spoke, knowing Cas wasn’t up there, but he supposed it was a force of habit. A few stars spied through a small hole in the roof. He fixed his gaze on them, a reminder to himself that a world exists outside of this place.
It was the same vague explanation he had given to Sam and Jack. He wasn’t quite sure why he was so reluctant to tell them what had really happened. He didn’t feel ashamed or anything, it was more like...if he said it out loud, then it would be real. He would have to acknowledge and process exactly what Cas had told him before he was taken, and he wasn’t sure he was ready to do that just yet.
. She would have seen right through his lies, anyway.
“Well, the bunker.” Sam offered, gesturing absently to the space around him. “It’s his home.”
She signed back with no hesitation, her hands perfectly steady as always.
a bond between you and Castiel, it’s just not one we can use for the spell.”
He shook the thoughts from his head. He was drifting, getting ahead of himself. He needed to focus.
"Dean!" He yelled, yanking at the door hopelessly. Eileen joined him, but even their combined strength wouldn't make it budge. His breath came in heavy pants as his heart rate soared. He couldn't hear anything behind the door.
He had thought about the bond itself a lot, but never about how it made him
“Cas is...he’s not...he’s not here.” Dean stuttered, and passed out.
“Alright, well… let me help you clean this mess up-” he said, when his phone rang. He picked it up, and his eyes lit up at the screen. “Dean, it’s… it’s Eileen. She’s okay.”
would have to do for now.
He glanced at Eileen as she sighed, her breath visible in the cold air, and sat with her back against the pine. Sam was, not for the first time, momentarily struck-dumb looking at her. She was always beautiful, but there was something especially mesmerising about her tonight. She was almost ethereal as she let her eyes slip shut and her head fall back against the trunk, the pale moonlight flowing across her skin like a gentle caress.
Dean couldn’t recall a time in his life when he had felt as helpless as he did that day. Here was this guy standing in front of him, who had gotten through all the warding that he and Bobby had spent hours putting up, who couldn’t be killed by his demon blade or by bullets. And then he brought down Bobby, one of the best hunters he knew, as easily as flicking a light switch.
When the door opened, the first thing to hit him was the smell; old hay and a decades worth of rat poop. “Jesus, Cas. Why couldn’t you have popped up in a spa or something?” He muttered to the dark. He took a step inside, and the unsettled dust swarmed him immediately, making him cough into his elbow.
He saw the goodness in his face now. He could see himself and Sam in his eyes, and Kelly, and Cas. God, there was so much of Cas in those eyes that it made his heart ache. Perhaps that was why Jack had been so easy to love; he reminded him so much of the people he cared most about. He was all of them, yet none of them. He was just...Jack. And Dean didn’t want to see him go. “I’m me, but...I know what you mean.” Jack spoke, and Dean wasn’t sure he would ever really understand who exactly Jack was. He wasn’t sure he needed to.
“Not Jack.” She interrupted. “Someone who might know more about the empty.”
Max must have sensed his disappointment, because he continued speaking.
The lift in his spirit was instantaneous. “Max, would that work?”
“He prayed? That doesn’t sound like any kind of spell I’ve ever heard of.” She thought for a moment, the gears in her head whirring almost audibly. “You know, an ex of mine occasionally dabbled in spells. Mostly the home-based, kitchen kind of magic, but she knew a bit about darker magic, too.”
doesn't...
He stood and paced, like a lion in a cage. He ran a hand through his hair and took a shaky breath, trying to calm the anger inside, but the flames were already burning.
The last time they had seen him, his sister Alicia had just been killed. And shortly before that, his mother. Though it wasn’t their fault, Dean knew how many bad memories another encounter with them would bring up for Max, but they really had no other choice. They had become acquainted with a few witches over the years but, with the exception of Rowena, who wasn’t an option, Max was by far the most powerful. If anyone could help them get Cas back from the empty, it was him.
“To everyone that we lost along the way.” Dean said, and they each took at swig. Images flashed through Dean’s head of all the people they had lost, because they had dared to care about them; images of Mary and John. Images of Ellen, Jo and Ash. Jessica, Adam, Bobby, Kevin, Charlie, Benny. Hell, even Crowley. And now Cas...again. And then there were the people who hadn’t died but may as well have: Jack, Lisa and Ben. Why couldn’t they just stop
Dean stood and dropped his empty bottle into the trash, giving them all a cheeky smile as he did so. “Well, what are we waiting for?”
Sam watched him for a moment before replying. “Dean, did…” Dean looked up at his brother, already knowing what he was going to ask. “Did something else happen between you two? When he died, I mean. I get the feeling you aren’t telling me everything.”
Sam rushed over and knelt in front of him. His eyes were glazed over and for a few seconds, Sam didn't see his brother sat in front of him. Dean was somewhere far away, wherever that may be, but he sure as Hell wasn't here.
“Your anxiety is practically seeping through the phone-line.” He rolled his eyes;
Eileen squeezed his hand. “C'mon.” She said, opening the side door.
“He didn’t say. We really don’t know anything else.”
“Dean, are you okay? What happened? Where’s Cas?” He asked, but Dean gave no sign of recognition until Eileen knelt down beside him and placed a tentative hand on his shoulder.
to do this without you.” He couldn’t have fought the tear that slid down his cheek. “Come back to me,
“Well, most importantly, we’ll need something that means a lot to the person you’re trying to summon; I think that’s why Nick used the blood of Lucifer’s own son. Got any ideas?”
“Last time, I promise. I just want to make sure I’ve got it exactly.”
afraid. But at the same time...not. Like he somehow knew that Cas wasn’t going to hurt him. Like how you know you’re breathing, even though you’re not consciously aware of it all the time. But he would never, not in a million years, have guessed that this juiced-up crazy dude with the grimy trenchcoat and a stick up his ass would become one of the most important people in his life. And he
“Look, guys. I’m sorry about your friend, I really am.” He gave Dean a sympathetic smile that made him wince. “But I don’t know what this...
When all of Chuck's handiwork was gone, when there were no more grand plans or scripts, there was only Cas and his love for Dean. Even Sam had been a part of Chuck's story, he hadn't chosen this life, it was thrust upon him. But Cas, despite it all, had chosen him every
“What if we wanna see you, you know? Or have a beer or, whatever.” Sam was stuttering, losing his train of thought. Dean still didn’t really understand why Jack couldn’t come back with them. He might not have been blood, but they had raised him as their own. He was family, and he was leaving. They all seemed to leave eventually. First Mary, then Cas, and now Jack… Dean was beginning to wonder if maybe it was meant to be just him and Sam against the world, after all.
He was the family that Dean had
?” Max interrupted his thoughts.
“Awesome. The only other thing I think could be of significance is Nick’s prayer. I mean, it might not even have been a prayer; Jack could have misheard for all we know. It’s all just speculation from here on in.” Max said. “But we’ve got enough to go on for now. The rest we’ll just have to figure out as we go.”
It had taken Sam a bit of convincing to come out at this hour. He had thought it best they all get some rest first and do this in the morning, but with Dean threatening to leave without him, and Eileen batting her eyelashes at him from the corner, they had managed to persuade him. He certainly felt a little bad about it, but not really. He wasn’t planning to wait a single second longer, and Sam knew that just as well as he did.
She didn't need to say anything more for Sam to understand what she was getting at. Dean and Cas had been to Hell and back together,
Dean didn’t know if he wanted to be in a story where it was
So, naturally, it was the perfect choice for the spell. He just hoped Cas would forgive him when he found out he needed to destroy the tape to do it. Maybe he’d make him another one, with even more songs. A variety of artists, this time; some Van Halen, AC/DC, Elvis…
The three of them stood there, watching the door in hopeless surrender. Sam was just about to start scouring the rest of the place to find another entrance, when there was an intense gust of wind that seemed to appear from nowhere, and the door flew open with a force that almost ripped it from its hinges.
Maybe they could listen to it together. Cas would love that.
.” He was right of course, but they had to at least
He remembered walking this same route with Bobby what seemed like a million years ago, still ignorant to the existence of the celestial beings that had come to be such a huge part of their story. It was hard to believe there was once a time he didn’t even know who Cas was.
“It sounds like,” Dean said, taking a swig of whiskey and flinching at the burn in his throat, “we’re going to need a little assistance.” Sam dropped his head into his hands. His sigh of exasperation was enough to tell Dean they were thinking the same thing.
you. You two wouldn’t have traded pieces of yourself, but you may have
He excused himself, taking the plates to the kitchen. As he washed, the hot water reddening his calloused hands, he couldn't help but smile despite his sudden sadness. He hoped this was it now for Sam. He seemed so happy, and he deserved it more than anyone Dean knew, after all that he had sacrificed. He had finally found his forever person.
“You find anything?” Dean asked, surprised at how steady his voice was. Sam shook his head, and his heart sank once again. “I finished the book of Angelic Lore and...nothing.” Dean rubbed the sleep from his eyes and tried (read: failed) to hide the disappointment in his voice as he spoke. “Well that’s another one down at least. Best get back to it.” He stood, but Sam grabbed his forearm before he could leave.
This wasn’t like the last time Cas had gone to the empty; back then, his body had been left behind. There was nothing left of him this time.
He knew there was no point in questioning whether this was a good idea. He knew it wasn’t, but there simply wasn’t a choice in the matter. If there was even a chance that he could leave this place with Cas by his side, he had to at least try. He wouldn’t be able to live with himself if he didn’t.
He signed. He still harboured so much doubt about this plan, but he respected Eileen's opinions more than anyone else's. She was one of the smartest people he knew, and he had known a lot of smart people. If there was anyone who could make him feel better about this, it was her.
“I’m around. I’ll be in every drop of falling rain, every spec of dust that the wind blows. And in the sand and the rocks and the sea.” He said.
That should have been enough. But right then, all he could think was
“Are you sure? I don’t want to leave you. I can ask her to come here if -” He shook his head before Sam could finish.
Sam’s smile was all Dean needed to compose himself. He straightened his spine and steadied his voice before speaking. “Well what are you waiting for, dumbass? Go find her!” He walked over to Sam and gave him a brotherly slap on the back before making his way to the kitchen.
