generally wear on the field?”
“Whoa there, steady buddy,” said Bruce as they exited the Quinjet, a hand curling around his bicep. He stumbled a little, footsteps clanging against metal.
Slightly horrified by all the emotion he could feel welling up in his throat, forming a lump that was becoming increasingly hard to swallow around, Tony directed his gaze towards the ceiling panels. Because they were fascinating,
that it almost grates at him. “You’re my boyfriend. And I’m worried about you, because I’m starting to think we have very different definitions of ‘fine.’”
With Pepper demanding that FRIDAY keep him inside, Rhodey thoroughly vetting any and everyone who entered the compound, and his teammates doing a comically terrible job at trying to conceal their hovering, Steve’s constant touches were comparably tame.
Tony’s eyes narrowed playfully. “Because I didn’t read much on your file about the serum giving you superkissing abilities.” He schooled his smile, feigning contemplation, before adding, “I guess I should be glad you’re even kissing me before the first date, with your delicate 40’s sensibilities and all.”
He knows the science behind it, he knows the logic, he knows about water retention and he knows how the body responds to a temporary surplus in calories.
Tony nods. His heart is beating so rapidly that he’s surprised it hasn’t burst right of his chest yet, he can hear the echo of it in his ears and feel the thrum of it in his head.
version of rejoicing anyway, which involved sounding more smug than any A.I. ever should.
He throws them out and orders another brand.
“What about the fact that you’re still trying to lose weight, then?” Steve asks.
When the number on the scale remains static between one day and the next, he finds that increasing his calorie deficit isn’t enough to satisfy the dread that hangs over his shoulders.
“Can I get you anything, Captain Temperance? Some apple juice, maybe? Sugar may not be alcohol, but it’s all the same poison.”
“Nothing so drastic, cap,” Tony teased, hooking a leg over his. “I don’t know what you’ve heard about me but I’m not that kind of girl.”
“Yeah, like I
“Tony.”
He knows all of that, and yet, even now, he looks down at the way his stomach protrudes just slightly and feels shame twist inside his chest, sharp and hot. Even now, he feels an almost compulsive urge to take his third appetite suppressant of the day, to exercise more than he did yesterday, to weigh himself and scrutinise how his body looks while he stands up on the edge of the tub.
“Which is exactly why I have a supersoldier with a motorcycle,” he said, offering him a sugary sweet smile. “Why else do you think I keep you around?”
“Maybe I do,” Steve admits, after a beat or two, with one of those horrible half-smiles that ring out hollow, “but that has nothing to do with this.”
“I know you are. Get some sleep, Tony.”
him though, needles at him and needles at him and
Steve shakes his head. “Have you eaten today?”
“What? What is it, why are you looking at me like that?”
Tony wriggled out from under the blanket, giving Steve a friendly pat on the head.
He sprawls himself out on the floor of his lab, pale moonlight streaming in through the full-length window. He takes even breaths, measures the length of time between each heartbeat, feels a stab of panic when he realises that occasionally, it’s not regular, a beat is missed.
been messed up, but he noted with a small hint of satisfaction that Sam’s had been too. Majorly. His hair was probably a bit tousled as well, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. The dishevelled look hadn't worked out too badly for him in the past.
Tony grins broadly, irrationally happy that he didn’t have to eat that wedge.
“JARVIS, transparent,” he says.
“Hey, what do those stars over there look like to you?” he asked, gesturing with his free hand.
“The arc reactor, he got too - if he’d just, just kept his hands to himself, it would’ve been goddamn
“Don’t even talk to me about Captain Altruism right now.”
Steve nodded, and if Tony hadn’t been paying close attention, he almost would’ve missed the minute trembling of his fingers, the stiff slope of his shoulders. It was almost like a tidal wave, the way it crashed down over him - everything that Steve had seen, everything that Steve had lost, all remembered in vivid, painstaking detail.
He steps onto the scale five separate times, takes off his boxers, takes off his necklace, reboots it a few times, checks for faults.
“That little-”
Not even when his thoughts are a riot inside his head, not even when they whisper to him, ask him what Steve’s feeling as he runs his hands along his back, along his sides, asks him how Steve could ever look at him and see anything but imperfection and mistakes and design flaws.
He logs his meals for a week, he uses kitchen scales and measuring cups and feels irrational panic tighten in his chest each time team dinner rolls around. A different team member cooks each night, which leaves him with only one day a week where he knows exactly what’s going into the dinner. He doesn’t want to draw attention to himself by making separate meals anymore, but he can’t keep on guesstimating the ingredients and the oil and the spices that go into each dish, logging it and hoping desperately that it’s accurate. So. He develops a couple of strategies.
And, well, it’s sort of true. It’s not like Steve goes out his way to
, the investors are haranguing me, and—“
Steve rolled over and propped his head up on one hand, eyes glittering with mirth. “Really? Rhodes told me it’s one of your favourite words. Said you’d love to hear it.”
“If I pass out,” he said suddenly, “I don’t want anyone to catch me, got it? Just...let me fall. That’ll be my new life. Passed out on the ground forever.”
“A while, maybe? Not really sure. What were we discussing again?”
If Tony had the energy to muster up indignance, he would’ve. Albeit, it was pretty hard to feel much of anything apart from the overwhelming fondness that was swelling in his chest, unbidden. His breaths grew slower, steadier, more content.
“Toby!” he read from his name tag, “how’re you doing, buddy?”
Steve knocked his shoulder into Tony’s as they left the kitchen, back towards the rec room.
“That’s not true, I trust you plenty. You just happen to be a liar sometimes.”
might not care that some lunatic tried to shoot you but
He realises with a jolt that he hasn’t eaten all day, not a single thing.
“Only because you’re hurt.”
He didn’t think much of it at first.
Steve looked over at that, something like a smirk settling on his lips. “Oh, sugar, putting out before the first date? How’d a fella like me get so lucky?”
Steve lifted himself up from the couch with a sigh. “I still don’t think you should be going.”
Steve considers this for a moment before relenting with a small nod. “I’m here,” he reminds him.
“It’s babe if you tell me I’m pretty,” said Tony, with an exaggerated bat of his eyelashes.
“I wanna go back to cryo.”
A teasing smile tugs at Steve’s lips. “Oh, I know. The amount of times you’ve randomly yelled out the solution to an equation I didn’t even
startled a laugh out of Tony. “Not being very forthcoming right now then, huh? That’s sort of their thing, I guess. Let me tell you though, I know a thing or two about obtaining unauthorized access to restricted S.H.I.E.L.D. files.” He paused, looking evenly at Steve for a moment, before setting his mug down and laying down perpendicular to him on the L shaped lounge. “Also, I know you’re a bit behind the times, but nobody says hack anymore. Trust me. I don’t know which heathen has been spouting it around the compound, but we just don’t.”
Tony aimed for a laugh but fell drastically short, ending up with a choked sort of noise that was awfully close to revealing just how intensely uncomfortable he was suddenly feeling. Which was ridiculous, obviously, because it was
“Some other time, buddy!”
his face wasn’t red but he was beginning to feel like maybe it was. He didn’t even dignify the remark with a response, offering Sam a playful smile and pitching his voice up high to something resembling an off-key falsetto.
“It’s urgent,” said Steve, and Tony only realised then how
“Look after the punk. Shield’s in Sam’s custody ‘till I get back,” he said, as he exited.
“What did I say about letting me faint in peace?” he grumbled, while making no move to let go.
He starts checking the nutritional panel for cereal boxes, for protein bars, for just about anything that enters his body,
That wasn’t even true, but it sounded good in his head.
And if Tony was the first to shuffle across the seat, pressing himself up against Steve’s side, well, it
He lifts his shirt almost every time he enters the bathroom, scrutinises his stomach and his arms and his back, tenses and un-tenses his muscles, stands up on the edge of the bathtub to get a full view of his body, looks and looks and
It’s not a lie, exactly.
“When…” he hesitated, clearly debating whether he should keep going. His jaw set resolutely after a moment, quiet determination on his face. “Whenever there’s an alien attack, or a mission, we aren’t really being targeted specifically. I mean - they’re not necessarily after us, we just happen to get in the way, right? It all seems a little...surreal. But this time...they were targeting you, specifically, to kill you. All it would’ve taken is one bullet, and they would’ve got you too. Aliens and magic almost don’t seem real, but bullets do. If that makes sense.”
He’s terrified.
He hops on the treadmill and sets it to a high setting right off the bat, takes pleasure in the way his lungs burn and his chest heaves and his muscles ache, imagines himself cutting right through those two pesky pounds.
Steve flashed him a smile, all bright eyed and playful. “Apart from the fact that you were almost killed two weeks ago?”
Tony smiled. Maybe getting shot didn’t have to be the worst thing ever. That probably counted as an unhelpful, counterproductive pattern of thinking, though.
“Tony? Tony, there’s Avengers business, I need to talk to you alone.”
be feeling full, not after what he’s eaten.
you. Not even sure I know you now, but I’m trying to.”
I’m shivering because I like what we had going there, and I’d like to get back to it.”
The weeks drag on.
“I like it when you’re predictable,” Steve murmurs, pressing a kiss to the side of his neck.
“Teach him for valuing your life, boss?”
Tony let out what he hoped was a long, even breath, even as guilt tried valiantly to claw its way up his throat. “I can’t - I can’t guarantee -”
He logs his calories with JARVIS, takes into account his general activity level. He
“He loves me and appreciates my genius.”
, but he can’t help it.
“No, it’s...fine. Never really thought about what that must be like.”
, that was far too close to the arc reactor, far,
Steve let out a long-suffering sigh. “The sniper is in S.H.I.E.L.D. custody, because Fury seems to think this could be Hydra-related, even though I told him they probably hate me a whole more than they hate you. The guy’s refusing to talk so we don’t know if he was hired by anyone yet. I offered to help out with a bit of creative persuasion, but apparently that suggestion wasn’t appreciated very much.”
Steve hummed, offering up a lazy smile. “I mean, it was pretty enlightening for me too, watching you read the word ‘pull’ and then proceed to push with everything you had. Personally, I didn’t realise Clint could laugh so hard.”
Let it be known that Tony had somewhat of a love-hate relationship with touch.
“Now I can’t help thinking about all the strange expressions I’ve probably pulled around you.” Tony paused, a slow, mischievous smile spreading itself across his face. “Ha, strange. I should bother him, it’s been a while.”
“It’s spirinula and kale and vegan protein powder,” Tony informs him cheerfully.
It’s a quarter to eleven and the sky is a canvas of black outside Tony’s room, illuminated by a warm lamp and nothing more. Steve hovers over him, fingers twisted up in the bedsheets on either side of his chest. His hair is a little longer than usual, golden strands hanging down as he peers at Tony with those perceptive blue eyes that reflect the city lights through the window. He watches as the colours play over his face in rapid motion, watches as he shifts back onto his haunches and regards Tony, lips turned down into the slightest frown.
He’d barely registered the words that left his mouth until they were out there, lingering in the air between him. Steve dropped his gaze down to him, tilting his head to the side in question.
“What?”
need sleep.”
It’s not because eating separate food ensures he knows exactly what goes into it, it’s not because healthy eating gives him one hell of a pretense when it comes to preparing his own food and refusing their calorically-dense creations.
How did that happen? After
He flashed a smile for good measure, leaning back in his seat with what he hoped was an air somewhere between charming and nonchalant. He had that combination down to an exact science at this point, of course, but he was feeling just the slightest bit out of sorts from a long day.
But, he’s always been a practical person, so instead, he loses himself in daydreams about how he’s going to make up for the food he’s going to eat, the exact exercises he’s going to perform and for how long, the exact foods he’s going to eat tomorrow, calorie totals and all, the dinner he’s going to make, because it’s his night tomorrow, and that means he can use water instead of oil while he’s cooking, that means he can log each and every ingredient, he can choose something that—
Which, really, was why Tony didn’t mind so much when Steve’s hand found the small of his back as they navigated the dinner tables. People didn’t tend to lay it on so thick with the contact when Captain America was hovering somewhat ominously by your shoulder like a guardian angel.
“Even if I was, why would it be such a bad thing?” he asks casually, linking his fingers behind his head and leaning back into the pillow, slow, lazy,
He’s concerned about his health, that’s all.
“You know, people don’t bring it up nearly as often as the physical stuff, but Erskine’s serum gave me a photographic memory.”
it’s going to catch up to him, during a mission, during work, it already
His reflection stares back at him. He looks away before it starts asking him why he lied.
“On the contrary, some of my best work has been the result of extreme sleep deprivation.”
Sam snags a wedge from Tony’s plate and pops it into his mouth.
For once in his life, Tony found himself unsure of what to say. He swallowed, once, twice, three times, before looking back up at the galaxy above. He felt raw, exposed by the curiously intent look on Steve’s face, and usually that came with an intolerable amount of discomfort churning in his gut. Instead, there was nothing but that all-consuming warmth.
The Avengers smile and poke fun at him for being one of those health-freaks, Tony pokes fun right back and tells them they’ll need to start doing it too, soon enough,
have had fondness lighting him up from the inside out, spreading warmth down to his fingertips. Steve tipped his head up to look at him, and he sobered almost immediately upon seeing the same fondness reflected back in those eyes.
He grins. “You don’t like my masks? But I work so hard on them, honey.”
Tony sighed as he entered his room. Oh, the melodrama. He could practically
caught up. It isn’t nearly as often as the Avengers like to joke it is, but it does happen.
He heard an annoyed huff somewhere from his left, then a cold bottle of water was being pressed into his side, before being placed pointedly on the seat next to him. Tony had to smother another groan at the mere sight of it. It’d been a long day, even by his standards.
“Thank you, I think I look good too.”
“Am I?” he asks absently, attempting to chase Steve’s lips, but he just draws back further, eyebrows knitted together with worry.
just how much empty calories it contains, he eats it, and he picks up another, and another, until they’ve finished the basket, conversation flowing between them.
Other days, when he’s too caught up in SI or Avengers business to put aside valuable time like that, he’ll guess the ingredients but over-estimate the calories, make sure to have the smallest possible portion without alerting the others. It’s a delicate balancing act, keeping track of every calorie that passes his lips while keeping up the pretense of regular-old sporadic eating, eating without thinking about it.
“Sick, you mean?”
“I don’t know. Does it?”
Steve sighs. “Tony, I know you’re in there. I—you don’t have to talk, if you don’t want to. Maybe I could, uh, talk at you? Is that okay?”
“I think you look great. You keep up with the rest of us during training just fine, even though you don’t use a lotta hand-to-hand out on the field. There’s nothing to fix.”
He grinned. “Sorry. Too soon?”
He hums questioningly, prying his eyes away from the pan and meeting Steve’s mildly concerned gaze.
“Mm, does he now?”
He focuses back on his surroundings, blinking when he realises they’ve come to a stop. Smooth jazz still plays on the radio, and Steve’s blue eyes shine with concern through the darkness of the underground parking lot, wide and almost...
There was gentle laughter, equal parts fond and amused. It had something warm settling inside Tony’s chest.
He’s not for the life of him letting it take Steve.
He gathered up the scraps of his remaining dignity and offered the man a quick smile as Steve herded him away. It wasn’t his fault that Tony happened to have some pesky unresolved trauma, after all.
The car seemed to stand in some kind of room, not very big or tall, and made out of some kind of metal. It looked almost like a big box of something. She turned to look at the others and gently shook Clint, who was sitting with his fingers in his ears and eyes shut tight, to snap him out of it while looking around at the others.
“Well… I mean I can’t say I’m
“Hi, guys! Stone, Killian, Hammer, always a pleasure. Come to wish me a happy summer already? Aw, that’s sweet of you guys; you didn’t have to do that! Also, isn’t it a bit early for that?“ Ty smirked wickedly at him and stepped forward, his smile very wide but his eyes were unsettling, the way they always were.
Pierce wasn’t smiling however, not even a little. He just glared at him, stalked up him and, despite being at least a foot shorter and much smaller in size and muscle, tried to get up in Thor’s face. “Ugh, seriously, you are such a freak, Odinson! Your brother speaks better English than you and he’s a Goth freak! This is not an old story about knights and Ye Olde English, so stop talking like that! Or are your kind really so stupid that you can’t talk like real humans from this century?”
Tony rolled his eyes again and swore as he tried to fix the engine while also holding up his phone for light. “Well, either way this damn hunk of junk isn’t going to be much help for us. From what I can see it would need tools to fix it that this driver thought to bring along for the trip.” He swore again and kicked at it before slamming to hood back down as hard as he could.
In hindsight, Tony guesses it was just his luck that something like this happened on the first day of his vacation. He’d have such rotten luck since, well
“Well, what are we supposed to do then? We still have no service, no food and no way of calling for help. Do you think the camp people will call the cops if we don’t show up?” Bruce shrugged and rubbed his hands together and blew hot air on them in an attempt to warm them up.
Thor marched up to the podium, chest puffed out and head held high with a proud look on his face. “My family comes from a long line of brave men and women who have done many great things in their lifetimes, and I will not show weakness in the face of challenge. And this quest promises great adventure and for an honorable cause. So I will say yes as well.” He slammed his big hand down on the green button, smiling widely at the whooping sound before joining Tony and Clint, who high-fived him and patted him on the shoulder.
She rolled her eyes and leaned back against the wall of the cubicle, taking a long sip from her water bottle, while also registering the sound of water running.. “Which is it, Sharon? Am I a slut, or a shit? Make up your mind.” She made it a point to keep her voice low and calm, but still loud enough to be heard.
“Love you too, sweetheart. Good night.”
"It looks a little like a box, but maybe someone stole the car and we've gotten stolen with it or something?" Tony looked up from comforting Bruce and over at the others.
“Perhaps she has gotten herself lost in these woods? Or she has gotten into trouble with animals? She may not have, as you phrase it, ditched us on purpose.” Tony didn’t respond to that, he just rolled his eyes again and wiped off his hands on his pants before looking through his bag.
Tony Stark pays others to have sex with him
Bruce looked over at Tony and eyed him carefully. While Tony did sometimes get lumped together with the nerds, he didn’t really look it. Sure, he had those glasses that didn’t look the best and he always had at least a few zits on his face, plus being very skinny and short. But he had really good clothes, well-styled hair and managed to look good, if a little awkward in certain clothes sometimes, like he didn’t fill them properly. But he was clearly going to be a really good-looking guy once puberty had settled a little and he always did much better in gym class than Bruce ever did, so he at least had that going for him.
Bucky snorted into the phone. "Knowing you you'll probably get kicked out in a less in a week after picking fights with assholes. You've never known when to back down and just let things be." Steve rolled his eyes and stared up at the ceiling.
“Oh! Oh my god, I am so, so sorry for that! Gosh, I’m such a klutz, really, I can’t go anywhere without making a mess of things.” Bruce looked up and saw Tony stand there, his face looking shocked and worried but it was very obviously fake, and his voice matched it very well.
“Okay, let’s just this this over with.” He locked the car and slowly started to make his towards the school. He thought back to what Jarvis had said to him before he left and sighed.
And once again, Tony turned out to be right, because several hours passed and the driver still didn’t show up or come back and it eventually got dark and moon and stars appeared on the sky. The kids got their phones out and used it as flashlights to try and see if anyone came. But of course, no one did.
“She and I are from entirely different worlds, she can have anything and anyone she wants! And I have nothing and I’ll probably not have much in the future either. I have-“ Steve cut himself, almost fighting back tears at this point. “I have nothing to offer her. What business do I have around someone like her?”
“Ay, that is correct. Thor Odinson is my name. My father moved here for work and I started going to your fair school about a year ago.” Steve looked up from his sketchbook again, this time a bit more interested.
? But why was he so worked up about that? Toni had never cared about money or status or whatever, so why the fuck would she care if Steve was a bit poor or wouldn't become a great genius or whatever when they graduated college or ten years from today?
“Are you talking back to us? Listen Banner, there’s one thing you need to learn here; when we tell you to do something, you damn well do it. You think you’re better than us, because you’re a fucking nerd-“ He was cut off as someone ‘bumped’ into him and he in turn tripped into Ross.
Her eyes widened. Was that how Steve saw himself? Had she been making him feel self-conscious about his own status in life? Had she been rubbing it in his face somehow?
“… You remember I told you about Ty, right?” Steve felt himself tense up for a second, his grip on Tony’s hand tightening slightly. Oh yes, Tiberius Stone, Tony’s ex from MIT. Tony had told Steve about him a few months after they started dating. He had told him that Ty had seemed like a really cool guy, smart and strong and driven, but always affectionate and caring. He had swept Tony off his feet from the first second, and Tony- being a naïve fourteen-year-old- had believed it was true love. That it was meant to be. Only to eventually realize that Ty was abusive and controlling and clearly didn’t care about Tony’s well-being or security. And while Tony had never outright said it, he had implied that Ty had forced him to have sex before he felt ready or comfortable.
Natasha and Steve eyed each other with raised eyebrows and folded arms over their chests. It was a look that said
“Tony.” Steve whispered back into Tony’s hair, his grip around Tony tightening and Tony gasped a little when he was suddenly lifted of floor and spun around like a girl in a romantic movie. He tightened his grip around Steve as he was spun around, more out of instinct than anything else, but whatever. The closer he could be to Steve right now the better.
What was Bruce supposed to do with that? Tony, Clint and Thor might be more comfortable with rushing in without thinking about risks or consequences, but Bruce really wasn’t and in a way he envied them for it. He wished he was brave enough to say yes to this, but he wasn’t. He was scared and worried about this whole thing and his instincts and gut told him to turn back and run. Or, well, go back to Earth anyway. Because his gut told him that nothing on that summer camp could be quite as dangerous as piloting space ships and landing on planets no human had ever even dreamed about.
“Maybe, but it’s not like they would know where we are, right? We can only hope someone realizes six kids are missing with no explanation as to why they didn’t show up to camp on the first day.”
“Not at you, Tony.
Steve groaned as he and Natasha finally made it up to the communal floor in the tower, dropping his bag by the dinner table and sat down, folding his arms on the table and resting his forehead on the cool wood. He vaguely registered JARVIS saying
“Hush now, honey. This
“As you wish, your highness. I shall return to you post haste.” He pressed a quick kiss to his cheek and turned to leave. “I love you sweetheart.” And with that he left the room and headed towards the bathroom.
“Stark, anytime now!” Tony placed both hands around the stick and tugged, when Clint suddenly found a button on the joystick’s side and pushed it to the right, and suddenly the ship jerked wildly to the left and they all fell the floor around the control panel but that asteroid thankfully did not hit the ship. The alarms became silent, the lights came back on and the ship kept flying forward like nothing had happened.
Because this,
"Of course I do. Why do you think I keep bugging you at the library when you try to study? Why do you think I come here every day you work and sit her until you leave for the day? My attention and time is very valuable, Steve, I don't give this much of it to just anyone." She smirked teasingly at him. "Like you said yourself, I'm gonna be a household name one day and I can't just spend too much time talking to low-life garbage that don't matter. Like Hammer."
“What do you mean? I just helped you undress, that’s all.” He pulled the covers over them, called to Jarvis to turn off the lights, threw his arm around Tony’s waist and pulled his close. “Now sleep.” Tony grumbled, but did settle in his arms and on the pillow, allowing Steve to hold him tighter and spoon him.
“Don’t get me wrong, tonight was great, I loved it. But you know I’d be just as happy if we ordered Chinese or pizza and just chilled on the couch watching TV. So why the sudden desire to impress? Cooking a big dinner with wine and dessert and everything, why? Is today important? Is there a date I have forgotten, because if I have, in my defense, I have told you I am terrible with remembering dates-“ Steve shook his head with a chuckle and tightened his hold on Tony.
He held up both hands and weighing them up and down, like the different sides of a scale. “Space adventure or summer camp?” He grimaced a little at them and moved his hands up and down. “I think space wins out in that question. At least for me.” He then glared over at Steve, who was still standing over by the podium with Natasha and Bruce. “Though it’d be better if Captain Stick-Up-His-Ass could be dropped back on Earth so the rest of us wouldn’t have to suffer his bitching. Seriously, what’s his problem?” Clint snorted and shook his head.
The kids stared out the window, eyes wide open and jaws almost hitting the floor as they took in what they were seeing, because outside the window, spinning in its orbit slowly and painstakingly real, was planet Earth. In fact, they were seeing the continent of North America right outside the window, as well as the big blue from the planet’s oceans and white clouds.
Schmidt motioned at Rumlow and he made Steve lean forward so he was bent over, and Schmidt gripped his jaw, tightly. “Yes, he is right about that. And you know why that is? Because you can act like you’re above everyone here all you want, and like you’re too good to hang out with anyone here. But you know that you’re on the same level as the freaks and the nerds!” He made Steve turn his head towards a few other tables. The first table he was forced to look at was one with the kids that were seen as strange or unable to get boxed into another click, and he saw Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, Loki Odinson and of course Natasha and her adopted brother Clint Barton sit, eating and talking amongst themselves.
at you. Not for something like this. I’m furious at him; I want to punish him for making you feel like this and being this scared to tell me what happened. But I will never be mad at you because some guy comes up to you and forces himself on you.”
"Seriously man, just ask her out already! I have grown
Janet dropped her smirk and looked at her with more sympathy, putting her spoon down and taking her hand reassuringly. "I know you're scared Toni, but when guy wants you because you because he genuinely likes you it’s not something you have to be scared off. On the contrary, it’s a good thing. This Steve might be a nice guy who knows how to treat a girl right. You never know until you try."
“Figures. He’s a nerd, he doesn’t have the guts.” And Bruce immediately felt his anger boil up, like flicking on a switch and he glared over his shoulder at Clint before, completely without thinking for another second, pressed his finger down on one of the buttons without looking at which one it was.
over. He hurried up from his chair, almost ran into Steve Rogers as he was on his way out, quickly apologized and kept hurrying. The Corridors were now full of other kids that were hurrying to gather their things from their lockers before getting out of the building.
He lifted his chin defiantly and gritted out while looking him right in the eyes, “My name is
Really? He thought she was amazing? He thought she was- No! No, bad Toni! Not the time to be flattered over simple compliments.
“Alright, alright, sorry for trying to help. I’ll leave you to sorting out that rat’s nest on your head on your own if you so wish. If you can.” His smile widened a little when he heard Tony mock growl at him and snorted out a laugh when he felt his boyfriend push him towards the bathroom, barely moving him an inch.
“Don’t know, actually. I don’t remember buying this. It’s probably something my mom bought me or something.” She shrugged and placed a hand on Janet’s shoulder. “Thanks Jan, this is great.” It was a bit simple for a night out for her taste, but this was kinda new territory for her anyway so she decided to trust Janet’s judgement for this.
- into the phone.
“I need to stretch my legs a little anyway.” He muttered, putting his stuff back in the bag and got out, and Bruce was quick to follow. The tight space was really starting to get to him and he needed to breathe. He sat down by a tree and leaned his head back, breathing slowly and deeply and closed his eyes.
He decided then and there that his favourite version of Steve may just be tired and kiss-rumpled Steve, with his hair in disarray, lips that were pinked up ever so slightly, and a smile that crinkled his eyes. Maybe he’d even tell him that one day. Let him know what kind of power he held, without even knowing it. Maybe.
It had been so unbearably easy for Obadiah to position him exactly how he wanted, with the front of a man who cared, with constant touches, with constant attention. In hindsight, the thought had nausea churning in his gut, how young he’d been and how
He supposed that really, that marked the start of a) Steve’s apparent protective streak and b) their strange banter-verging-on-flirting, which Tony didn’t mind one bit, because flirting had always come second nature to him and well. Steve had a lot going for him, once you got past some of the prickly disposition that came with the Captain America persona he often donned, ever the dutiful soldier. Tony had always known this of course, in a sort of peripheral way. Still, he hadn’t fully
“What kind of wardrobe malfunction?”
“Obviously because you don’t trust me enough.”
There’s nothing wrong with trying to be healthy.
“Tony I’m not kidding when I say I need those specifications about
He swaps out his usual foods for health foods where he can, for low-sugar, for low-carb, for all-natural and organic. He swaps out peanut butter for almond butter, swaps out his usual snacks for celery and baby carrots, throws out his bag of trail mix.
Steve looks at him like he’s speaking another language.
“Yeah, that was Thor-level eating, I’m honestly impressed,” says Clint, a teasing smile painted across his face.
“That’s—not important, and also not true, while we’re at it, I’m perfectly happy with—“
Then a man approached. Which also would’ve been fine, for the record, it was just that everything about his disposition just
“Sorry. Too dark?” He almost looked a little sheepish now, gaze shifty and hands running more insistently along the creases of the couch.
Tony nodded wisely. “I forget that you’re a supersoldier heater sometimes. Definitely not a capsicle anymore.”
day?”
“You went silent for a while,” Steve elaborates, a curiously intent glint in his eye as he regards him.
“It’s just comforting,” he murmured, letting a hand settle tentatively over Tony’s shirt, just above the arc reactor. “It means you’re safe. If something happens, I’m right here.”
“Did I? Could’ve sworn I was talking out loud,” he says.
Tony snorted as Sam scooped the shield up from the ground, striking a pose.
Tony struggled to contain a smile when Steve raised his hands, eyes suddenly glimmering with a contained sort of mischief that might well have been overlooked by someone who didn’t know him. A deadly mistake, if you asked him.
He feels almost irrationally elated when he steps onto the scale after a week and finds that he’s on track, finds that he’s lost a pound. He stares at the reduced number for what’s probably a shade too long, before snapping out of it and stepping off the scale, a lightness in his step as he exits the bathroom and tugs his shirt up over his head. Steve is sprawled out across their dark bedcovers, broad, pale chest on display. He looks up when he hears Tony enter, a smile curving his lips.
need you. You don’t have to come out, but I—“ his voice trembles, has a certain rasp to it that Tony knows means Steve is crying, “—I’m worried. I’m worried, and I love you, Tony. I’d never forgive myself if anything happened to you.”
Steve let out a breath at that, and Tony barely suppressed a shudder.
“Oh yeah, I’m wounded real bad. On the verge of keeling over and dying, if I’m honest.”
“Jesus, cap. You don’t need to butter me up, I’m totally at peace with being relegated to teddy bear status.”
, if he just had the determination, if he just had the resolve and the
Tony is a pretty active person, he works out in the communal gym several times a week, not including the team sparring sessions and the calls to assemble.
“I’ll throw in a few stern glares, like those ones from the old-school recruitment posters. That’ll teach him.”
“Hey. I was starting to think I’d have to check up on you.”
He feels about a million different shades of awful, but something about Steve’s words, the shaky tone of his voice, has Tony slowly lifting himself up from the ground and approaching the doors.
“Like what?”
“Give him hell, Stark.”
If only he could just
The bed dips a little as he settles beside Steve, shifting to get comfortable before allowing himself to be drawn into the circle of his arms. He reclines his head back against the broad expanse of Steve’s chest, relishes in the steady thrum of his heart, the perpetual warmth of his skin.
“None of the above,” he said, and Tony could hear the smile in his voice, “I’m just taking a break from...well, from reviewing our last mission, and planning our next one. Sort of contemplating whether hacking into S.H.I.E.L.D.’s servers to find out more about that sniper guy is worth it or if it’s just been too long since I last slept.”
Steve threw him an amused look. “Water’s fine. It’s getting a little stuffy in here.”
After a beat or two, he hears Steve sit down on the other side of the glass.
“Is it just me or is your face looking a little red there?”
Steve captures his hands, intertwining their fingers and raining a few kisses along each of Tony’s knuckles. That’s the problem when someone knows you; they see right through you. Steve always seems to know when he needs gentleness, before Tony can even let
A pricklingly hot feeling of shame washes down his spine.
Steve’s hands balled temporarily into fists, knuckles turning white with the pressure of it. He released them with a long, shaky exhale, directing his focus towards the bed again.
Tony blinks as Pepper comes to a stand still, eyes locked on him.
His eyes swept over Steve for a moment, cataloguing. He seemed relaxed now; open. He’d propped himself up on a cushion, and he was watching Tony, eyes lit from within by a burning sort of intensity that he knew well, could recognise from just a brief glance. It was accompanied by a soft smile, the corners of his mouth twitching with mirth, and honestly, Tony didn’t stand a chance. He never had.
“Now, now, cupcake, no need to go all saviour complex on me. I’m just tired, must’ve blanked out for a bit. No big deal.”
need—are you okay?”
Which, again, was totally not the point here.
him. Steve casually takes one as he talks, and Tony bites the inside of his cheek so hard that he tastes coppery blood. He doesn’t know how he can eat so casually, how he can look at that bread and see anything but carbs and fat and calories.
Instead of taking a break, though, instead of wandering up to the kitchen he shares with Steve, he just...doesn’t. He dives head-first into work and feels a twisted sense of satisfaction in how empty his stomach feels, how he’s pushing himself despite that, how he’s...
Something about humour dancing in Steve’s eyes gave Tony pause, just for a moment.
Steve didn’t seem surprised by the intrusion; he’d probably heard Tony coming from a mile away. He wondered briefly just what the extent of his superhearing was. Maybe he’d conduct an experiment some time, in the name of healthy scientific curiosity.
It really strikes Tony sometimes, just how much Steve wears his heart on his sleeve with the people he trusts. He’ll casually mention things that make Tony’s heart leap inside his chest, heartfelt admissions that float in the air, like they roll of Steve’s tongue with ease. He doesn’t think he’ll ever quite get used to Steve’s specific brand of sincerity in all of its bashful yet earnest glory, is not quite sure he deserves it, really, but he appreciates it all the same, despite his token protests and his snarky autopilot responses.
“When I was growing up, uh, I’m sure you know this, but food was pretty scarce. Money was tight.” He pauses. “It confused me, when I first realised what might be happening. I didn’t push, when I think I should’ve, I didn’t—I didn’t do a lot of things, because I didn’t want to overstep, and I didn’t want to be wrong. I did some research, and I’d be lying if I said I’m an expert, or not confused about a few things, but I want to be here for you, Tony. I want you to be okay. The team needs you, the world needs you,
dead, I’m very much alive, and I’d very much like to work on some new suit upgrades and get on with my life.”
“Not really,” he whispers, “go back to sleep, sweetheart. Didn’t mean to wake you.”
Steve’s smile widened just a little, but it was more than enough for Tony. He seemed steadier now, more clear-eyed, and his hair looked almost gold where the light hit it, in a way that managed to remind him of rolling cornfields on a clear blue day. It was unfair, really, that Steve looking all warm and rumpled was all it took for his brain to start turning to flowery metaphors. Maybe he
okay when those investors learn a modicum of patience,” he says, before pausing. “Why?” he adds.
getting back up.
He goes back to eating a regular amount of food, and feels oddly bereft when he doesn’t log the ingredients he uses afterward. Inexplicable anxiety claws at his chest when he realises he can’t calculate the amount of calories on his plate just from a glance, hadn’t gotten that far in memorising quite yet. His limbs feel heavy, weighted down, his stomach feels achingly full, even though the deficit he’d been running hadn’t been all that significant, so really, he
it looks, all innocently stacked in a basket, like it isn’t
expensive shoes. FRIDAY was probably ordering some as they spoke, if he was being honest. She was intuitive like that.
taste bad, Tony will admit that, but the rush always makes up for it, the satisfaction that crashes down over him in waves each time the Avengers eye one of his meals, each time he says no to their food, each time he goes to bed feeling lighter than he did that morning.
Steve tries one of his green smoothies and nearly spits it out.
“See anything you like?”
“Stop what?”
care. I’ll - I’ll talk to Pep. Reschedule some meetings. Lie low for a few days if that’s what’ll make you all feel better. I got shit to do in the workshop anyways.”
, thinks Tony.
“Lucky for you, I have a whole lotta experience lookin’ after mouthy punks with no regard for their own safety.”
No, it’s energy, it’s fuel, it’s a basic necessity, can be broken down into its very base components, can be
“Tell me, Steve, what do I generally wear on the field?”
Tony hoped the grin painted across his face didn’t look too relieved. This was safe territory now, their back-and-forths usually had an effortless ebb and flow that made them predictable. Tony could do predictable. Emotions weren’t predictable.
Steve’s smile looked a little abashed when Tony arched an amused eyebrow. “If you wanna be my fella, that is.”
He didn’t say a word about the way Steve’s hands gravitated towards his wrist, towards his chest, or the distinct sigh of relief he felt against his skin when he must’ve found both a pulse and a fully functioning arc reactor.
“Breaking a few laws?”
He has an addictive personality, he’ll be the first to admit that. He has more complexes than he can count, especially when it comes to control. But this is a
Tony steps out through the doors wordlessly, winding his arms around Steve’s waist. Visible relief paints itself across Steve’s face as he returns the embrace fiercely, strong arms wrapping around Tony’s back and drawing him in close. He nuzzles into the crook of Tony’s neck, breaths still hitching a little on every inhale. Tony presses in further, until he can hear the steady thrum of Steve’s heart, until he can feel the warmth that he radiates, and the way it seeps into his own skin the longer they stand there, grounded. He smooths his hands up to Steve’s shoulder blades, lingers there until Steve’s shuddery breaths even out.
Tony Stark is a lot of things, depending on who you ask.
noticed.
“Huh. How’s that working out for you? Figuring me out okay? Been told I’m a little complicated. Multi-faceted, if you will.”
An hour crawls by. His muscles protest the hard ground. DUM-E wheels up to him with a questioning beep and stays by Tony’s side when he doesn’t move.
“Since when has this been a thing?”
He loses the two pounds after a week.
“It’s good. I can look at something for a second and memorise it. I can remember faces, and names, and phone numbers.” He paused here, running fingers along the seam between two couch cushions. “I can also remember the faces of everyone that’s ever died in front of me.”
“My business card,” Toby said as a last-ditch effort, leaning forward to tuck it into Tony’s front pocket and
comes with a calorie total
“Are you still trying to lose weight?”
“Hey. Everyone has their blind spots.”
He rolls over onto his back and tugs Tony into his chest, arms wrapped securely around his waist. He noses into the back of Tony’s neck, which sends a shiver through him that has nothing to do with the cold.
Tony glanced absently down at his watch. He supposed he
“I’ll sleep when I’m dead,” he retorted, because even his exhausted self was contrary like that. And repetitive, apparently.
“You sort of cut off for a bit there.”
The kitchen was unoccupied, so that’s where Tony eventually settled, hoisting himself up onto the counter and folding his arms over his chest. He noted, somewhat miserably, that even now he wasn’t eye-level with Steve. Tony could practically hear Clint’s voice in his head, telling him through laughter that there was
Steve sent him a dark look, almost immediately sobered. “Shut it, Buck,” he warned, without any real heat.
even, from his morning brush. He googles the menu for the Italian restaurant they’re headed to, dread slamming into him when nothing,
The sky has darkened to a deep blue by the time Steve enters the workshop, flushed from a post-workout shower, eyes bright as they land on Tony.
Relief warmed his chest as he watched the corners of Steve’s mouth twitch, resembling something like a smile, even if it was only for a brief moment. “Being Captain America comes with certain perks.”
JARVIS informs him that based on his calculations, he’s not eating enough calories for a man of his height and weight, even for one that’s trying to lose weight. He warns him that this is unsustainable.
“Traitors,” he managed, upon blearily cracking his eyes open. “Taking me to a hospital. Where’s your sense of loyalty?”
He has a privacy protocol to install.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “What?”
“That too,” Steve admits, nosing along his hairline, “but it also means you’re not wearing one of those masks you love so much.”
JARVIS calculates an appropriate calorie deficit. It’ll take about four weeks to sustainably lose the handful of pounds he wants to lose, with the least amount of damage to his body. He’s always been relatively conscious of eating balanced meals, despite his weakness for cheeseburgers and his occasional stints with alcohol — it’s just sort of how the cookie crumbles as you age — so he keeps in line with what he normally eats and logs it, makes sure he’s not going over. Simple as that. JARVIS takes a lot of the hassle out of it too, so it doesn’t even take up a whole lot of his precious time.
Steve looks stricken. “Tony—“
“Just don’t overdo it,” Steve murmurs.
“Tony, looking great buddy! Looks like you’ve put on a few pounds, though. Nothing that can’t be fixed before Thanksgiving, am I right?”
Then, a frown darkens Steve’s features.
Tony hesitated for a moment, before giving a small nod, brushing a strand of hair away from Steve’s face like the horribly sappy person he was. “I do.”
It’s warm, affectionate, obviously teasing. Steve looks at him from across the breakfast table with thinly-veiled relief etched into his features, in the slight furrow of his eyebrows, in the fingers that won’t stop rapping against the hardwood table.
Some days, he’ll casually inquire what a specific team member is making that night, ask for the recipe if he’s brave enough, and then he’ll look up the ingredients, and he’ll sneak into the kitchen like a man on a mission so that he can scan them and log them.
“You know, I didn’t realise I was dating Sherlock Holmes, but I have to say, it’s not an unappealing thought.”
Tony hopped down from the counter and gave his cheek an affectionate pat.
“Oh, sorry. Should I add that to the list of forbidden joke topics, along with anything related to your height? Or...lack thereof?”
He heard Bucky snort somewhere behind him as he fell into step with Rhodey, who gave his arm a sharp elbow.
“That eager, huh?”
“Don’t know what I’m talking about my
“Your indifference towards life continues to astound me.”
His gaze flicked to Steve, who was currently pressed up against him in every way imaginable, arms around his waist, head tucked into the crook of his neck, legs tangled with his own. He could even feel the occasional flutter of his eyelashes.
“Yeah, well, it’s hardly a new invention.”
“To show my fella a good time? You bet.”
They were approaching the two week mark now, and Steve still seemed adamant about his newfound duty as a supersoldier octopus, which had Tony just the slightest bit concerned.
“You’ll be hot,” Tony protests.
He keeps track of every single lie he tells about foods he supposedly doesn’t like, just to get out of eating them. They’re jotpointed in a locked note on his phone, because although he has it memorised, he doesn’t trust himself to keep everything straight. Not this time.
giggle, as they wrestled around on the couch like a pair of fourth-graders. He’d passed by the training rooms on numerous occasions of course, pausing to watch in amusement as Sam and Steve’s sparring devolved into playful wrestling, but he generally preferred to train alone unless he’d been coaxed into joining one of his teammates. Usually Steve. Or Nat, for that matter.
He’d only meant to wash his hands.
Then, Steve was moving forward and wrapping him up in a hug, and Tony felt himself
It’s nothing compared to the rush he feels when his app informs him that his calorie goal is too low for a man of his height and age, that the amount of weight he’ll lose in a short period of time is unhealthy.
need sleep, after all. He’d keep that thought safely locked away inside, or else FRIDAY would start rejoicing.
Steve’s gaze flicks from Tony’s face down to his menu, where linguine stands out as clear as day, the first option under ‘pastas.’ Tony sucks in a breath and holds it, but Steve doesn’t say anything, just nods and returns to his menu.
“Be gentle with me, it’s my first assassination attempt,” he managed, with a small groan.
because he needed to blink away the sting in his eyes.
“Why now?”
age. That’s not how this works.”
“Laugh it up all you want, cap, that night in the lab was full of ground-breaking scientific discovery.”
A few more gazes land on him from around the table. He feels like he’s been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, feels so jittery that he might just shake apart.
“You’re right. I just reinvented it, is all. Made it something better.”
He’d already worked out today, but he was hoping to get a bit more in, even if it means staying up into the early hours of the morning.
He knows that, rationally.
“A bit of cold is not going to be the thing to off me, sweetheart, that’d be
Tony has been known to forget about food some days, when he’s
be satisfying, is the thing, he knows that on a deep, visceral level, he knows that this is all so painstakingly
He’s had his stints with drugs, with alcohol, but neither of those things had gripped onto him so quickly, so efficiently, so
Tony laughed, because
“Is it not something that can wait? I-“
“That’s it, Stark!”
He swallows once, twice, three times. “Of course I have. Had a light lunch, because I knew we’d be going out.”
Tony nodded, only slightly perplexed at the sudden change in topic. “Think I remember reading something like that in your file.”
“Oh, Tony.”
The thought of eating right now has nausea churning in his gut for a reason he can’t pinpoint, hot and sharp and unfathomably suffocating.
your best girl, Rogers.”
He stands with his bare feet against the cold tiles until he starts seeing room for improvement, starts taking note of places along his body that he hadn’t noticed before, areas that stick out, areas where the muscle doesn’t quite shine through enough, where they aren’t defined. A hand comes up almost on autopilot, pinches some of the softness between his fingers. He hastily returns it to his side when he realises what he’s doing.
Tony snorted, shaking his head in fond amusement, before moving forward and settling his hands on the back of the couch, right over Steve’s shoulders. Neither of them moved for a beat or two. Then, Steve was surging forward and bringing their lips together with a surprising amount of gentleness. It was tender, simmering warmth rather than frenzied heat, an easy slide of lips. Steve’s hands settled tentatively on his waist, thumbs rubbing idle patterns into the strip of skin exposed by his shirt riding up.
while. FRIDAY immediately rejected that notion, offering him a lecture about REM rebound and sleep debt, which Tony very happily ignored in favour of stirring sugar into his coffee. He was going to get wired on caffeine, and he was going to use his newfound energy to track down Steve and give him a Captain America patented lecture about responsibility on the field.
Tony stills, looks down at the remains of the waffles he’d scarfed down in an overwhelming moment of weakness, the sugary sweet syrup an incriminating smear across the pale ceramic of his plate. His stomach churns.
“You do look a little pale,” Steve observes, brushing his knuckles gently along the side of his face. He wonders if Steve notices the cheekbones that don’t jump out at him. He wonders if he can feel the soft areas on his back as he runs his hand along them, wonders if he notices that Tony isn’t as defined as he is, in all his perfectly sculpted glory.
“Hey, look, who needs investors anyway, if they can’t wait a day or two—“
Tony stops in his tracks, raising a hand to his chest in mock horror. “Am I becoming predictable? Oh, I am
This time, it doesn’t just
He blinked. The sharp pain spiralling through his veins had dulled down to something more tolerable now, and with how hazy he felt, how slow the messages to his limbs seemed to be, it had to be due to a painkiller of some kind. His throat was almost unbearably dry, protesting with every swallow.
If Steve’s gaze hadn’t lingered on him a few moments after he’d spoken, things could’ve gone very differently. Or so he’d been told. Really, the memories were fragments more than anything, blurry and disjointed, sounds bleeding into various blotchy shapes of colour.
Tony snorted. “Oh yeah, what could there possibly be to talk about?”
And really, giving some murderous bastard the pleasure of seeming even slightly shaken, of seeing him hide out at the compound like some coward, it was worth it when the smile Steve gave him was so bright. His heart clenched in his chest at the sight, which was ever so slightly concerning, because his heart seemed to be doing an awful number of funny things lately. A glance down confirmed that the arc reactor was still glowing, bright as ever, which probably meant he was okay for now. Maybe. A few centimeters higher, and that bullet might’ve royally screwed his life up.
“Ah, right! Gaining access to confidential S.H.I.E.L.D. files. I’ll tell you what, the secret is not giving a fuck. That seems to work out pretty well for me.”
Tony nods minutely.
He was informed by a beaming Sam upon re-entering the living space that Clint had a wardrobe malfunction, and would likely be delayed for several minutes. Tony settled down beside the man on the couch, eyes narrowed skeptically.
Tony has hated looking at his reflection for a good number of years, for a tangled mess of reasons that a therapist could probably have a field day with. He doesn’t like to see the man that peers back at him, doesn’t like to be confronted by the past mistakes that jump out at him.
“You’re shivering,” he notes.
Wonderful. Great job, Tony.
Tony probably should’ve figured it out from the distinct lack of light that had been trying to worm its way under his eyelids as he laid there, but the realisation only hit him then that it was night time. The fluorescent lights had been shut off, leaving only the pale glow that seeped in beneath the door.
“So are we gonna talk about this?”
,” said Tony, narrowing his eyes.
that he casually mentions it to Steve one night, while they’re twisted up together in bedsheets after an exhausting day for both of them, Avengers-wise and press-wise.
He thinks, as Steve pulls away to look at him, to run gentle fingers along the side of his face, that Steve
“That,” he says, “feels like it shouldn’t be edible.”
“I’ll be out in a minute, honeybunch!”
They’d have plenty of time for organising dates and breaking multiple laws in the morning.
He doesn’t say a word though, just surges up to connect their lips.
He wasn’t surprised when Tony’s breaths fully evened out, a peaceful expression stealing over his face as sleep pulled him under. Shifting slightly so that his neck wouldn’t be on such an awkward angle, Steve couldn’t help but press one final kiss to his forehead before letting his own eyes flutter shut.
Maybe they were both a little screwed up.
“I’m sure it is, pal. As much as I’d love to cuddle the night away, I think we should start getting ready.”
The moment the workshop doors close behind her, Tony looks toward the holoscreen, fingers running through his hair and tugging desperately at the strands.
Tony doesn’t shy away from Steve’s lingering gaze, just throws him a lazy smile as he tugs up the pair of Captain America pajama pants that Clint had bought for him as a joke. The Avengers never seem to learn of the unbounded
“I’m expanding my horizons, Robocop,” he replies easily, “maybe you should try it sometime.”
, until all he thinks and breathes and feels is
Tony hesitated just a fraction before forcing his lips upward into a smile, smothering the wince that wanted to twist across his face.
“Tony?” Steve asks him from the driver’s seat.
, suddenly it comes crashing down around him, suddenly he’s turning in the circle in the circle of Steve’s arms and burrowing into his shirt.
Now that voice was familiar; low, kind, soothing, and Tony was drawn away from his head for a moment, zeroing back in on his environment. Steve was glancing down at his phone, his feigned expression of impatience lit up by the screen. Toby’s rambling immediately tapered off into small noises of confusion, brows furrowed as he turned his gaze to Steve like he hadn’t even realised he’d been there in the first place.
And this isn’t the first time either, you have a worrying habit of jumping directly into the line of fire to protect me. Which is like, y’know, sweet I guess, but Cap.
“Alright guys, one more question then we’re gonna wrap up.”
Tony let out a groan that was
He’d reduced his pathetic flinching right down to the occasional tense of his shoulders, but he’d never quite manage to shake the icy claws that would grip his chest whenever someone came too close to the arc reactor, squeezing until it was too much for his diminished lung capacity to cope with and he’d slip into a blind panic, struggling to breathe around his dread.
Clint sat down on the bench-like seats and looked over the dome. He grimaced and looked up at the others. “Well, it’ll feel a little weird to have this huge dome in front of you if we have to eat here. You can barely see over the top of this thing.” Thor tilted his head and looked it over.
Steve Rogers had caught her eye the moment she had walked into that damn Starbucks and saw him behind the counter. And damn, he had to be some kind of model or maybe an experiment under the government or something. It had to be illegal to be that hot. He was tall, big muscles
Well, Tony was kind of an asshole at times, but in some weird way Bruce found himself laughing at his jokes more often than getting angry at his rudeness or his reckless antics. It was weird, but maybe he was just playing it up. Bruce had heard a whole lot of rumors about Tony Stark, but he didn’t really pay much attention to rumors. And considering the rumors that were floating around about him, he knew that most rumors were just bullshit anyway.
The woman started to drive again and they made their way out of the city and eventually made their way onto a thin road, driving further and further into a forest. There was complete silence in the car, aside from some low rock music from the radio.
“Oh, you’d better be paying for this. You made me go out in the rain and now I’m wet and cold and then you threw me-“ Steve just chuckled and pressed a kiss to Tony’s lips, effectively shutting him up. His lips were cold and it did feel a little unpleasant at first, but when Tony started to kiss him back and wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck (also very cold and wet,
“Perhaps he was actually received, how did you phrase it? A stick up his rear? It would make most men rather sour and angry.” That caused Clint and Tony to burst out laughing, with Tony slapping himself on the knee and Clint placing both hands on his knees to keep himself standing somewhat upright.
They sat like for a long time, any thoughts Steve had had about dinner and watching a movie or whatever were completely forgotten. Because Tony was clearly upset and while he wasn’t crying no one wants to have this kind of talk with a parent. Especially not when it was concerning something that any parent should be absolutely thrilled to hear about; that their child had found that one person they wanted to spend the rest of their life with and was truly happy and in love with.
, only a few feet away from him and fuck it if Tony was gonna waste another second waiting any longer. He cried out “Steve!” but just that second there was an announcement over the loudspeakers, which kinda drowned out his voice.
After a minute or so he could hear Tony enter the room again, as well as a very soft ‘shh’ from door before walking towards the couch. Steve smiled a little wider and turned his head towards Tony. “Can I open my eyes now, Tony?”
that little voice that sounded an awful lot of Bucky, told him.
Tony refused to look him in the eyes, he kept his head down and stared at his shoes, or the carpet, or the TV remote, or anything that wasn’t Steve. So Steve got up, walked up to Tony, took his hand and gently brought him over to the couch and they sat down, Steve still holding on tightly to Tony’s hand.
“I need you to forgive me.” Steve frowned, both confused and startled by the words that came out of Tony’s mouth. He sat up on the couch, turned off the sound on the TV and directed all of his attention on Tony. He examined Tony as closely as he could without making it too obvious that he was. He didn’t want Tony to feel like he was being scrutinized. He didn’t look drunk, or even like he had that much to drink at all, in fact- now that Steve looked a little closer- he looked like a mix between a deer caught in the headlights and a child waiting to be scolded.
it necessarily. There’s a part of me that is curious about going on adventures and what we might find. I mean it
So no, she wasn't over her fears by now. While she wasn’t scared as that he wasn't who he appeared to be and that he would try to use her or hurt her if she let him in, but now she was sure that he was a genuinely nice and good guy. But she was still really scared, because now she was sure that she really liked him too.
He suddenly fell forward and hit the ground and only realized once he was lying on the floor that someone had tripped him. He heard laughs from somewhere behind him and he quickly got up on his knees so he could see who it was.
"What if I would like that? What if I like that 'scrappy kid from Brooklyn?' What if I want to be more than friends?" She gently released his wrist and grabbed his hand with both of hers, as tightly and reassuring as she could. "What if I would like to give him a chance to sweep me off my feet?"
“Uh…” Bruce looked over to the green button, finger hovering inches the button, when Steve grabbed his other shoulder.
From the moment Steve had first seen Antonia “Toni” Elizabeth Stark there had been a very, very strong interest.
He adjusted the bag straps over his shoulders, took a deep breath and started to walk towards the school, hoping he could disappear in the crowd.
Natasha closed her bag with a frown on her face before turning to look at Clint, who was still packing his bag, very, very slowly. She rolled her eyes and sat down on her bed and started to remove nail polish from her fingernails. She had long since given up on trying to get him to get more organized only for it all to fall on deaf ears. Which was already half true since Clint did require hearing aids, but still. He could never seem to remember or take in her advice and sometimes she had just ended up doing most of the work while he got to lie back and do nothing, which she had long since stopped doing.
Okay, so this turned out to be longer than I had intended it to be, but I’d say it turned out alright. I hope you liked this and please leave kudos, bookmark and comment!
“Already on it. And I handled the rent this morning too. We’re all set with the payments for this month.” Steve smiled and put away the milk in the refrigerator.
Tony looked up at him and smirked a little at him. “Hey.” Bruce flushed a little at having been caught staring at him, but tried to smile like he hadn’t.
Steve felt his heart melt and a big, wide smile spread over his face as he reached out his hands and started to pet the dog and in turn it started to lick him everywhere it could reach, hands and arms and face.
“Yeah, maybe the Watcher guy wants his hair to look great at all times? Maybe that’s what we’re here to do, spread his ideas of hairstyles over the galaxy!” Tony laughed before standing up and circled around the thing. Thor smirked and sat down on the seat, looking up at the upside down bowl over him.
Tony moves his workouts to the private gym on his floor after that.
Steve’s eyebrows furrowed, as though he wasn’t quite sure of the answer himself. He remained silent for a beat or two, turning the words over in his head.
Every time he enters the bathroom, the scales sit there mockingly, they goad him into checking, into making sure that he hasn’t regained any of the weight.
“I like
He’s over-eaten before. Everyone does, it’s just a part of life, occasionally eating more than you can handle, for a variety of reasons.
Whatever it was, he could feel the dread grip him almost instantly, could feel his skin crawling, a shiver bolting its way up his spine. His stomach felt as though it’d been dropped from the peak of a building right into ice, his heart was in his throat and he could barely
“I really wanna kiss you,” he said. “That’s not a lie.”
“Alright, spill, which dame from back in the day taught you to kiss like that?”
“Some of us don’t actually pull several all-nighters before a mission, believe it or not.”
, calorie-counting, and body-checking and burning lungs and aching muscles.
And Tony did
And yet, despite all of that? Despite everything he’s come to believe over the last few months?
need it.
He hears a knock at the tinted window. JARVIS relays Steve’s voice.
It rings out with abject sadness, and for some reason it has Tony jerking away in an instant, horrified.
For the record, Tony honestly didn’t think it had been that huge of a deal. Apparently, the team hadn’t exactly shared that sentiment, and neither had his therapist for that matter - something about ‘valuing his life’ and ‘counterproductive, unhelpful patterns of thinking.’
A few snickers sound around the table.
until he starts noticing the angles that make him look too round, starts noticing areas that stubbornly refuse to go down, where the muscle definition isn’t enough, areas that he’s surprised Steve hasn’t noticed yet.
“I have some work in the lab, uh, urgent, top-secret, that sort of thing.”
Maybe he notices every time he has Tony shirtless in his bed, every time Tony shifts to grab something from the bedside table, every time Tony doubles over with loud, uninhibited laughter.
He keeps his shirt on that night.
Steve snorted as they rounded a corner, approaching the rec room. There were a few others sprawled about the place now, Natasha curled up on an armchair, Rhodey watching on with faint amusement as Sam laid out the basics of a video game to Bucky. Except - Bucky didn’t appear to be listening, hellbent on fixing both him and Steve with a horrified sort of expression that had Tony positively beaming. Everyone else seemed unfazed, but then again, Bucky was the only one in that room with superhearing.
“You’re really not taking this seriously, are you?”
. Oh, the feeling.
It’s horrible, and suffocating, and he sort of wants to bang his head against a wall until all of it falls silent, until those thoughts and desires and fantasies have been forcibly eradicated from his mind.
FRIDAY informed him the following morning that he’d managed about 14 hours of uninterrupted sleep, which he noted with glee was enough to last him a
“I am
The rush he feels when he steps on the scale for the fifth time in one day feels hollow.
He doesn’t eat that day.
He’s so,
Because it’s not food, he reminds himself.
But it was okay. Mostly.
“Nursemaid, huh? That your thing now?”
“You need sleep.”
do. We
“Leave my cuddle buddy out of this,” he said, pointing an accusatory finger.
“I know you can protect yourself,” he said, “but knowing you still have me to fall back on, it just...I don’t know. Makes me feel better. And…you’re warm. And nice to have around.”
around it, couldn’t even multitask, couldn’t even-
Tony let out a loud sigh. He managed to keep the smile safely off his face as he directed his attention to the ceiling, following the lines between the panels for a moment. It was awfully plain.
Steve is trailing kisses from Tony’s jaw down to his collarbone, feather-light, warm breath ghosting over his skin. He shifts and hums, languidly arching upwards, running an idle hand up and down Steve’s back, following the lines of muscle as they shift. It’s been a few days since they’d had a moment like this, where the kisses don’t become heated, where they’re surrounded by relative quiet. Steve’s thighs bracket his legs, and he sits back with a smile. Tony’s thoughts are slow, hazy, and he feels a pleasant lightness all over, humming just underneath his skin.
When they get the menus, Tony’s eyes scan for anything with minimal ingredients, anything that could be reasonably low-calorie, heart stuttering in his chest when he realises that Steve is regarding him, blue eyes following the finger that Tony runs along the laminated paper.
His stomach looks bloated. He knows the science behind that too. Not being able to clearly see the muscle beneath it still
Right. Steve. The righteous, self-sacrificing maniac, who seemed to think Tony’s life was even
Tony pressed a hand over his mouth to stifle his laughter, burrowing into Rhodey’s side. The man in question let out a sigh, but the smile tugging at his lips told Tony he didn’t mind too much, as well as the arm he raised to accommodate him.
“You know what we should get?” he asked suddenly.
“Oh, you know, just contemplating. Happens sometimes.”
Outside his workshop, the sun is lowering down toward the horizon, reds and oranges streak the Manhattan skyline, staining the wispy clouds in various shades of colour.
“Are you guys even supposed to be here right now?”
“Well, take it easy. I can bring you up some water, maybe? Think we have some anti-nausea stuff laying around too.”
“I know I’ve told you this before, but when I’m around you...when I’m around you, when I’m with you, I—it just feels, right. I’m not thinking about Avengers business, or, or all the things I missed while I was in the ice. It’s just me, and it’s just you, and—I want you to feel comfortable around me too, I want you to feel like you can tell me if something’s wrong.” Tony hears him swallow. “Because lately, it’s like...it’s like you’re drawing away. And I can feel it, and I don’t know what to do.”
, it’s staring into his bathroom mirror and scrutinising his entire body, it’s losing track of the minutes that go by as he tries to find where those two pounds could’ve gone.
The silence that followed lasted a shade too long to be comfortable. There was a quip on the tip of Tony’s tongue, ready to lighten the mood, a reflex that came easier to him than breathing at that point. Steve spoke before Tony could give voice to it.
Tony logs it as forty calories immediately after he eats it, just to be safe.
“Oh, I’m sorry, are you an inventor? I must’ve missed that. It’s been a few seconds too long since you’ve reminded me.”
“What do you want me to say?” he grits out, “want me to tell you I starve myself like a teenager with self-esteem issues? That it? The exercise, maybe, or the—the—“ he clenches his hands into fists, so tight that his knuckles turn white with it, digs his fingernails into the skin of his palms.
“Tony. Does it hurt anywhere?”
Tony smiled, somewhat sardonically. “Easy for you to say.”
Steve sputtered as Tony walked by. “How am I gonna play nursemaid if you’re dead?”
Two extra pounds.
A smile tugged at Tony’s lips as he approached, clearing his throat. “So what’s it tonight, then, cap? The futility of existence, the inevitability of death, or some good old fashioned fatalism?”
Steve just stared for a moment, a small amount of disbelief flickering over his face. He stood up with an awfully fond shake of his head.
Steve nods lethargically and snuffles into the pillow, eyes fluttering shut once more.
“I know,” said Steve, seeming awfully resigned, as though he’d grappled with that fact before. “I don’t expect you to. None of us can.”
“Not that I mind,” he murmured, once they’d found a moment of quiet, “but usually you end up in a corner with about ten women hanging onto your every horribly awkward word. Any reason you’re playing bodyguard today?”
“You should get to bed. I’ll be up in a minute, alright?”
Tony laughs, but it’s gentle, overwhelming fondness seeping into it. “Don’t tell me. It’s gotta be something sappy, so I’m putting my money on ‘because it means I’m comfortable around you.’”
“I’ll sleep when I’m dead, cap,” he said, before promptly scooping up the bottle and downing at least half of it in a few long gulps. “Also, for the record, we
Without a word, the entire ceiling was illuminated by a riot of stars, smattered across a spanning canvas of black. Deep shades of purple entered the mix too, and Tony’s eyes were drawn immediately to all of the constellations. He heard a sharp intake of breath somewhere from above his head.
“Tony,” he began, and Tony didn’t like that tone one bit.
Bucky, who was occupying the opposite couch, looked unfathomably gleeful.
On the car ride, where he would usually be making conversation, he googles the amount of the calories that toothpaste contains, mulls over whether he should include it in his daily totals,
Tony creates a protocol that enables him to restrict JARVIS from making specific comments about his eating habits.
, come on now, you can’t just imply that you find me easy on the eyes and walk off like that.”
Neither of them spoke until they’d reached a secluded corner of the outdoor garden, obscured from view by a neatly trimmed rose bush. Carefully maintained flower beds surrounded the perimeter, a riot of purple and blue, with smatterings of yellow. The night air was sticky sweet with it all, and suddenly, breathing seemed to come to Tony a whole lot easier.
“Burgers.”
He looked up, only to find that Steve’s gaze had already settled on him.
He smiles, points a playfully accusatory finger. “Don’t think I haven’t forgotten about those family-sized pizzas, Birdbrain.”
Steve's eyes widened- if possible- even more and almost yelled, "NO!" It almost made her wince and he immediately reined himself in and said, in a much softer voice, but he was still very distressed. "No, of course not Toni, you're not swallow, you're amazing! You're smart a-and funny and brave and-"
“Well, next time they want to do something for you or whatever maybe you should tell them what you want instead of just forcing you to do whatever they think you want to do.” The blonde next to them both half-glared at Tony and rolled his eyes with disgust.
“Tony!”
“Natasha, we’re in space! That much has been made obvious here. And we’re being offered a chance to spend our summer vacation in space, maybe fighting aliens or saving the galaxy! And you’d rather pick a summer camp over that?”
It helps mellow him out when he’s stressed out or getting too angry.
The other blonde guy in front of Tony turned around to look at them and smiled sadly. “Well, I can only envy you. My father has sent me to this camp as punishment for my behavior in school and believes it might help my temper. But I hardly had a choice in the matter.” Bruce narrowed his eyes slightly at how he spoke, but then remembered that a guy from Norway had started going to their school some time ago so this was probably him.
“Give it back Schmidt, or I swear to God-“ Rumlow laughed and held him tighter.
“I’m sorry, I’m afraid I do not understand this statement. How does one speak ‘American?’ I was under the belief that you speak English here in this fairy country, but perhaps I was wrong?” Jane snorted and covered her mouth so she wouldn’t burst into laughter, and Thor preened a little at having made his lovely girlfriend laugh.
“So, how are the studies going?” Bucky groaned again and took a huge bite of his blueberry scone. His long brown hair was shaggy and he looked like he hadn’t slept very well.
“We can’t just go through everything in that computer in just a few seconds! We need to act, like yesterday!” Steve leaned over Tony’s shoulder and pointed at the joystick.
“So you’re claustrophobic?” He nodded weakly and she brushed a string of hair out of her face and behind her ear. “You look pretty pale, you should drink something.” She handed him a bottle of some clear liquid and he instinctively jerked back a little.
“Aw, come on baby, don’t be like that. You know I love you, but I’m not going to let you go without eating and sleeping. You should know that by now.” Tony grumbled and tried to pull away from Steve again, turning his face away when Steve tried to kiss him again.
Steve’s body went cold for one long second before his blood started to boil. Howard. Of course he’d somehow managed to find out about their engagement. He had no idea how the man could have found out about it since neither Steve or Tony had posted anything about on any social media and they had only told their closest friends about it, but it didn’t really matter. Howard had somehow learned about it and was trying to tell Tony to break it off.
Steve was pretty sure Justin wet his pants before he finally turned tail and booked it out of there like a dog with its tail between his legs.
"I don't think that's very likely. If we were kidnapped, why would they leave us in the car, let a lone steal an old New York Taxi car to begin with? Besides, aside from you none of us come from particularly wealthy families." Bruce took a shaky breath and looked up at the others, very pale and breathing heavily.
Because after having hung around Steve for a few months now, she had learned a lot about him. He was a New Yorker, like her, and he liked sports and art and loved to sit outside and draw or sketch things or people or whatever else had caught his eye. He had a fiery temper and was not afraid to call out anyone who was an asshole or a bully, or throw punches when they refused to listen. But he was also sweet and kind and would gladly help anyone who needed it or asked for it. She had seen him many times helping other students or professors around, either by carrying books or lifting heavy things or get things from high spaces when they couldn't reach it. It was so ridiculously sweet and he was such a boy scout about it, but Toni found it so adorable.
He chided himself, though it took almost herculean effort to push the thoughts of revenge and retribution and hatred into the back of his mind so he could put all his focus on making sure Tony was okay.
“Don’t mention it. I might be an asshole but I don’t like bullies anymore than anyone else do.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a protein bar with nuts and berries, breaking it in two and handing one of them to Bruce. “Want some? I get the feeling we’re not gonna have lunch anytime soon.” Bruce took it with a grateful thank you and quickly finished it.
“I’m fine Natasha, he barely even touched me. And you didn’t have intervene like that, I was fine.” She rolled her eyes and handed him the bag.
through that too tight t-shirt. His hair was golden and playfully tousled and he had big blue eyes, about as blue as a summer sky or the ocean.
Steve blushed and kept his eyes down on his feet. She was right, of course. He wasn't the most social kid in school, that had always been Bucky. He'd never been one to reach out too that many people in his life and was kinda content where he was. Sure, he had Sam and he kinda knew Thor who both played on the football team, and he kinda knew his girlfriend Jane since she always met them up after practice or a game to greet Thor.
"Steve, seriously-" Sam was now looking at her a lot more than at Steve and was just seconds away from making that slicing movement over his throat to make him shut him, but Steve didn't even look at him.
’ and asking if the mission went well, but was too tired to respond. He was stiff and sore from the mission SHIELD had sent him and Natasha on for the last few days and he would probably feel better if he took a hot shower and rested for a bit, but he felt too tired to.
The kids stared at the opened door, then each other and then Tony started to walk out of the room, only for Steve to grab his arm and yank him back. “Are you crazy? We have no idea where we are or who brought us here and you’re just gonna waltz out there?” Tony rolled his eyes and yanked his arm back.
“It’s hard enough to deal with Stark, I don’t need more of his kind.” She had said once, but it had been with a very, tiny curve of her lip, which was as close to a teasing smirk you could get out of Natasha. Tony had played up the ‘hurt and wounded’ act he always did when someone on the team teasingly insulted him or called him out when he was being silly, but he too had been sporting a small smirk.
“Hey, are you okay honey?” He asked him softly, just a bit above a whisper, but Tony still jerked a little and tightened his grip around himself and pulled his legs even closer to himself. He took a shaky breath and blinked hard but refused to look over at Steve.
"Of course I am! What, have you been thinking otherwise for these past few years? Huh, some husband you are." Steve playfully poked his with his fork in Tony's stomach, not hard enough to hurt but enough for it to tickle a little and it made Tony twitch and laugh as he tried to pull away from Steve's hold, only for Steve to tighten his grip around Tony's waist.
Because Tony had always been there for him, just as he’d always been there for him. Even way back in kindergarten when he was little squirt with no muscle mass and shorter than all the other kids in their class and was hotheaded, brash and more than ready to tell any one off for being a bully and even raise his fists when he felt he had too. Tony had been there to help him to the nurse or even take care of a few wounds himself as they got older. And he’d also try to help out in a few fights and get bullies to back off, because while Tony was compact and didn’t look very muscular he was scrappy as hell and never backed down. They had that in common, even after Steve hit his growth spurt and got all his muscles.
What the fuck was she doing? Had her stupid, moron brain forgotten all about her fears and reasons for
“Hm, tricky. I’ll have to think about it.” He placed an arm around Tony, pulling him close and pressing a kiss on Tony’s head. Tony smiled and rested his head on Steve’s shoulder, kissing him on the collarbone and his throat. Steve rested his head against Tony’s and looked over his dog.
want to stay here in a cold gazebo in Central Park while it was storming around them, possibly for hours. But he didn't want to leave him all alone here either, and Tony was just about as stubborn as Steve himself was, so to get him to walk out of there would be quite a challenge.
Tony Stark is a heartless monster
Everyone was silent for what felt like forever, just staring out the window at the slowly spinning planet. It was Natasha who eventually found her voice, but it was uncharacteristically weak and soft for her. “Are you guys seeing what I’m seeing?” Her voice was barely above a whisper, but it sounded about as loud as a yell in the silence of the room.
He must’ve been born under a lucky star in a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow, because could not believe how lucky he was.
“Bruce Banner. I think we have history together.” Clint nodded and shook his hand enthusiastically.
“Steve…” Sam tried to interrupt but Steve was on a roll.
He felt a hand on his back, patting firmly to help him cough up the water and probably reassure him. “Hey, hey, it’s okay man. You’re alright, just cough it all up.” The voice was gentle, if a little awkward, but his presence did help a little.
They all looked between themselves, eyeing the others with cautious and begrudging eyes before nodding to each other, though the air remained tense and cold. Tony grumbled and started to turn away.
He wanted her? Did he, Steven Grant Rogers, want to date her, Antonia Elizabeth Stark? He had to, right? Why else would he agonize about
“H-he wanted to c-catch up somewhere, for o-old times sake. I-I said that I wasn’t in-interested, that my h-husband was e-expecting me home soon, and I t-tried to w-walk away. B-but then h-he grabbed me and k-kissed me.”
“Nah, it’s just something I like to do to guys I don’t like. I like to hear their screams of pain and agony then my arrow penetrates their target.” Rumlow didn’t blush this time but there were some people that laughed around him. He just smirked wider.
“What we should do?! I’ll tell what we should do, we should vote yes!” Now everyone stared at him and Natasha raised her eyebrow at him, crossing her arms over her chest.
“Well… I mean, I didn’t
Natasha sat in a toilet cubicle, waiting it out in the girl’s locker room with a half-full water bottle in her hand. The other girls would be done changing soon and then they would leave and she could get away from their bitching. Not that she couldn’t handle them and their bullshit, she knew she could, but she wasn’t sure if she could hold herself back from hurting them if she was out there with them and she didn’t want to cause any trouble. Not today, not with only a few hours left of school. She and Clint had agreed to not get into any trouble today and had promised Phil that they wouldn’t, and she intended to keep it.
In the corner of his eye he also saw another, smaller table where Tony Stark was sitting with two other, slightly older kids: a girl with long red hair and freckles and a well built, tall, African American guy. He kinda recognized the guy, as he was on the football team but he had never talked to him. Though he was sure he was a James, just like Bucky.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “How much is ‘just a teensy bit?’” Tony shrugged and smiled innocently. Well, he probably tried to look innocent but he mostly looked like a kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
"I don't think so mom. I don't click with other people, not like Bucky does. He's really my only friend, you know that." His mom shook her head and smacked him lightly on the head.
“Are you sure, though? I mean, it’s still space. It could be dangerous to stay here. We could die from- well, anything out here!” Clint shrugged with a wry smirk.
Steve was on cloud nine.
“Yeah. Laundry’s just done, folded and put back in the closet. The apartment’s clean and I’m just about done with everything.” Steve’s smile widened and he came over to the couch to place a soft kiss to his temple.
“No, Steve. I will not have the media go crazy over Captain America punching a civilian and putting him in the hospital. Pepper would kill us both and you know it.”
“I told you, she’s ditched us. She’s left and didn’t come back to get us, because she got sick of us or whatever.” Steve narrowed his eyes at Tony and opened his mouth, but Thor cut him off.
The dinner was great, which Tony made sure to say several times to make sure Steve actually knew that Tony liked his cooking and wasn’t just saying it to be nice. And the bastard had even gotten dessert; so when the dinner was finally over and done, Tony was quite certain that his stomach was gonna burst. Still, when Steve got to his feet and started to clean up and do the dishes, Tony got up to help, despite how tired and full he felt. Steve insisted that he could do it himself, but Tony insisted right back that he could help. Might help him digest a little faster too.
“Do you think-“ He winced as a loud high-pitched sound started to ring. He raised his voice to a scream, “Do you think it’s some kind of weapon’s demonstration?” Steve turned to him and glared at him, now pressing his fingers over his ears.
Toni rolled her eyes only slightly insulted. “Jan, I can actually do my makeup without looking like a clown by the end of it, you know that right?” Janet rolled her eyes back at her and then pushed her towards the door.
Thankfully Steve had dealt with most of the dishes from cooking before Tony had gotten there, so most of it was placing plates and cutlery in the dishwasher, dish the stuff that didn’t fit in there and putting stuff away, so it didn’t take that long. But apparently Steve got impatient after a while, and as Tony was drying the big salad bowl he felt Steve’s strong arms wrap around his from behind, his hands on Tony’s stomach and his chin resting on Tony’s shoulder.
“I know I’m not missing this chance! I never back down from a challenge or an adventure.” And so, he slammed his hand down on the green button, which lit up for two seconds and made a whooping sound. Tony smirked and walked back to the others, folding his arms over his chest and looked to his classmates with a
Next to the driver was another girl, a girl with long red hair tied into a ponytail, green eyes and dressed in a tight dark red shirt and black pants. He knew her, it was Natasha Romanov. Everyone in school knew her despite very few people talking to her aside from her brother Clint Barton.
“Of course I do. Why do you think I keep bugging you at the library when you try to study? Why do you think I come here every day you work and sit her until you leave for the day? My attention and time is very valuable, Steve, I don’t give this much of it to just anyone.” She smirked teasingly at him. “Like you said yourself, I’m gonna be a household name one day and I can’t just spend too much time talking to low-life garbage that don’t matter. Like Hammer.”
But he hardly got to finish that thought before he was stopped just as he entered the building. And surprise, surprise it was Tiberius Stone, followed by Aldrich Killian and Justin Hammer, his little posse of wannabes and assholes.
Tony narrowed his eyes and put his laptop aside before coming over to Steve, looking over his shoulder at the list and then chuckled a little. “Babe, it says
He looked over Natasha’s shoulder over at Tony and the others, and felt his own curiosity overcome his fear as he looked over the machine and saw Tony and Clint laughing over something. He eventually decided that it couldn’t hurt to look and made his way over to them.
“What transpires here? What could possibly be making this noise?” Tony grimaced too and gritted his teeth as it got even louder.
“Cheater. You are a dirty cheater, Captain.” Steve just smiled and tried to look innocent, but it was hard not to start laughing at his boyfriend, who
Steve must’ve heard the yell however, or spotted Tony moving, because he finally turned in his direction and the smile that spread across his face threatened to split his face in two. He threw his bags down and started running too and before Tony’s brain could fully process it all, he threw his arms around Steve, wrapped his arms tightly around Steve’s neck and pressed his face into the crook of his neck, inhaling his scent and letting tears of relief and happiness fall, the weight that he had been carrying around for a whole year now finally lifting and disappearing.
"I'm sorry, babe, I really appreciate it that you get me dinner and offer to look after me when I'm bone-tired and just got back from a long mission. I am forever grateful to you and your kindness, now please be a dear and pour me a glass over milk please?" Tony snorted and rolled his eyes fondly.
- who could successfully get him out of these funks, if only for a short moment at a time. And while he had learned when to back off when Steve said no and didn’t push until Steve lashed out- that had happened once or twice and Tony knew Steve desperately didn’t want to hurt anyone, least of all him- Steve had a certain weakness for Tony. That’s not to say that he always agreed, sometimes he just wanted to be left alone, with Jarvis playing music he recognized from his time or movies from his time and maybe eat some ice cream or candy while doing it.
“Hey, come on.” Steve tugged on Tony’s hand, making him stop staring out at the park and turn to look at him. “Let’s just keep walking. It’s just a little rain, it’ll be fine.”
And she also knew what would happen if she did fight back and slap one of them across the face, and she couldn’t get kicked out of yet
Bucky, who’d just raised his mug to his mouth to drink, snorted into his coffee, causing it to drip over the edges of the mug and down onto the counter and his laptop. Steve blushed and tried to laugh it off, while glaring over at Bucky as subtly as possible.
“That’s because coffee doesn’t drag me away from my work to do boring stuff.” Steve rolled his eyes again and chuckled, pressing a kiss to Tony’s temple, nuzzling his nose into Tony's hair.
His mom knocked on the door and entered with a sad smile. "Hi honey. I just got a call from Bucky's mother-" Steve nodded and cut her off.
Bruce sighed as he zipped his bag closed. All packed and done. Now all he had to do was wait for the cab to come.
“Okay, so if choice is between lame or awesome, I’ll always choose awesome! And if I can get even the smallest chance to see actual, real-life aliens in my life on this trip, you can bet your ass that I’ll take it!” And he pressed the green button before going over to Tony, who raised his fist for him to bump.
If anyone had told his five-year old self that he would one day be in a romantic relationship with his best friend and eventually be engaged to him, he was pretty sure it would blow his five-year old mind. But here he was, twenty-three years old and had already found the love of his life and would one day be able to call him his husband.
She smirked again. “Yeah, I know.” She gestured to his shirt. “You know you have a nametag, right?” Steve blushed again and looked down at his shirt where his nametag was, indeed, visible for everyone to see and read his name. She laughed and took his hand and shook it. “Antonia Stark, call me Toni, most people do.”
His voice got stuck in his throat and he barely got the words out. But he’d gotten this far, he might as well get it out in the open at this point. He chocked back tears and tried to breathe deep and braced himself. “But I… really,
The months did pass, if slowly, and he did receive letters from Steve- he was old-fashioned like that- telling him what was going on (as much as he could, anyway) and reassuring him that he was alright and everything was going well. He would tell him how much he loved and missed him, how he couldn’t wait to see him and would give little details or ideas for the future they wanted together.
He sighed and put his sketchbook and pencils into his backpack and got back to his lunch, eating as fast as he could so he could leave soon.
But no, Tony was not lazy, by any stretch of the imagination. On the contrary, Tony could spend hours down in his workshop working on new tech, weapons for his friends or his armor without even noticing that days had gone by. Or that he needed food or rest.
“Where… Where are we, really?” But before any of them could give any sort of answer, another voice joined them.
“Hey, whatever that is could be dangerous for all we know! No need to be nasty about it!” Thor grimaced as the sound got louder and stared out the window on Clint’s side of the car.
“It’s a date.”
“No, no I’m fine, thanks. I’m just a little dizzy. This room feels really confined and I don’t really like that too much. It was bad enough inside that car or the box we were in before.” He tried to sound normal, but was voice was rather weak and it cracked a little and Steve’s eyes widened slightly before kneeling down beside him with a soft smile.
And the less said about Justin Hammer, the better.
“We can’t go through that whole fucking book in less than a minute! There’s just no time, we need to act!” He flew over to Tony’s other side and looked over the joystick, while Tony was still tugging on the thing like a madman.
And it was a piece of advice that he was very happy to follow, even three years later.
And from the hatch that had given them the strange devices for their phones, now two big buttons revealed themselves, one green and one red.
A somewhat human form appeared on the screen, with two legs, two arms and a small head, only it also had big wings that looked like big butterfly wings. And it also had a strange glow around it.
“Yeah, he looked like was just getting ready to back off and run.” She took his arm and started to lead him towards the exit. “Now come on, Phil had something he wanted to talk about when we got back home.” Clint nodded and finally sighed in relief as they left the school.
It didn’t answer any of Steve’s questions, but he just rolled his eyes before closing them. He heard Tony walking towards the door and heard him say, “Don’t let him cheat” before he walked out of the room.
The driver honked her horn, glaring at him through the window. “Hey, you comin’ with or what?” Bruce started to nod and dumped his bag in the trunk, opened the door to the backseat and squeezed in between Tony and the other blonde guy, who seemed to look revealed to have Bruce between him and Tony.
“Okay seriously, what’s with all the attention? Where did this come from?” Steve raised eyebrow, looking amused.
“Seriously, what is this? Some kind of elaborate prank?” Clint shook his head and rolled his eyes, only to shushed again and he raised his hands defensively and took a big step to the left to avoid Natasha hitting him. Everyone else had their eyes glued to the screen, even Tony was listening very closely now.
Sometimes Steve still found himself amazed by how quick Natasha had, not only changed her view of Tony from her original report on him for SHIELD, but had come to care about Tony like an annoying but lovable little brother. She cared about him a lot and wouldn’t hesitate to physically knock him out and carry him to bed, tie him to it and force feed him when he woke up, just to make sure he wouldn’t kill himself from lack of sleep and nutrition.
Tony looked up at him, looking more like a puppy than before, and swallowed unsurely. “So… you’re not mad?” Steve gently smiled, placed a hand under Tony’s chin and lifted his face slightly, placing another kiss on his lips.
Tony sighed and flopped down on the bed, placing an arm over his eyes. "I won't survive this, Jarvis! A whole ten weeks without my workshop or any Internet or anything I like! This summer will be my undoing, just wait and see."
Tony shrugged and tried to look cool, but as his brain more and more realized that they were in space and what they were being offered, he grew more and more giddy with every second. But he couldn’t show that to the others so he fought hard to keep those feelings and thoughts back. “Looks like it. But I was still right.”
"I don't think I can, Jarvis. I'm bad at making friends, you know that." Jarvis squeezed his shoulder and stood up.
“Are you gonna stand there forever? You’re blocking the entrance.” Her words weren’t much, but her voice was ice cold, daring them to talk back to her or say anything at all that wasn’t ‘No’ or ‘sorry’ before moving out of the way.
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighed and looked up at his mother, trying his hardest to look like a kicked puppy. "Mom, please, I really don't want to go without Bucky." She laughed softly at him and kissed him on the forehead.
Tony smiled back and shook his hand. “Tony Stark.” If Steve recognized the name Stark, he certainly didn’t show it, he just smiled and tucked his hands into his pockets.
Steve leapt out of his skin and turned around, wide eyes and jaw hanging open. Toni was standing right behind him, her hair in a messy bun, loose jeans and a white t-shirt a few sizes too big. She wasn’t dolled up or anything, she didn’t even have make-up, in fact she had some engine grease on her face and she was still so beautiful. She had probably been working on some project or some invention and had taken a break to talk with him and get a coffee. But she looked a little upset and he desperately wanted to wipe that frown of her face.
muscles, which not only made him very attractive (not that Tony hadn’t thought he was before, but c’mon, the guy had serious abs and muscles) but also developed a protective streak and would stand up to anyone who tried to hurt or bully Tony or anyone for that matter. Steve had always been an amazing friend, one of Tony’s best friends ever, but after having asked him out and eventually confessed his feelings, he had become the kind of boyfriend that only seemed to exist in those ‘Relationship Goals’ posts he saw on Instagram. But as sappy and lovey-dovey as Steve was, Tony had fallen head over heels in love with him and knew he never wanted to let go of him.
Only it had taken a turn for the worst when he had been told that he would be sent off to a camp for the summer and he would be forced to leave the next day.
He heard another splash and through his closed eyes saw someone block the sun for a few minutes, and felt another hand, on his shoulder this time.
“Oh fuck you, Steve. At least I’m getting some action with the ladies man, that’s more than can be said about you. Are you planning on ever actually going on a date, ever? Seriously, you’re almost twenty and you’ve never gone on a date!” Steve rolled his eyes.
And of course there were comments about his looks. And he wasn’t ‘ugly’ exactly; he had good features and a symmetrical face, big brown eyes, a straight nose and excellent bone structure. But he also had big, bulky hipster glasses and he had a bit of a problem with zits. And it wasn’t so much that there were many of them, it was just that they always refused to go away entirely. His hair- while thick and clean enough- was a mess of dark brown untamable curls and he was thin and lanky, which not only made him look smaller than weaker than he actually was, it also made his clothes end up looking awkward on him even if they were in his size, which apparently wasn’t considered attractive by most kids in school.
“Hey babe.” He sat down on the armrest of the couch and kissed Steve’s temple. “So, I know it’s early, but really can’t wait till tonight, so… I got you a present.”
“Steve, seriously-“ Sam was looking somewhere over Steve’s shoulder, but Steve didn’t even notice, he was too into it.
He just ended up looking a like a stereotypical nerd with expensive, fancy clothes and slightly better looks than most other nerds, most of the time.
Tony just stared at him incredulously. “We’re in the middle of a fucking thunderstorm and you want to stop and feel the rain?”
Seriously, thank God for Google.
Still, he clenched his fists tightly to hold back his temper and dug his nails into his palms to keep himself from getting angry. People didn’t really like him when he was angry. Bruce adjusted his hoodie and picked up his books, taking deep breaths to try and control his temper.
"7pm, Rogers. Don't be late." She then waved a quick goodbye at Sam and then walked out of the Starbucks without another word or look back at Steve. It wasn't until she walked for a minute or so and was far enough away from store so no one could see her that she realized what she had just done.
“But hey, camp will be so much safer than flying through space or maybe getting stuck on some hostile planet, right?” Bruce head whipped back and forth between the other kids before raising his arms and raising his voice.
“Perhaps it isn’t any machinery? It looks more like one of the strange artistic exhibitions at the museum we traveled to a few months back.” Tony snorted and ran his hand over the dome. Bruce looked over at the other guys, then back at Steve and Natasha before taking a breath and walking away a few steps to get some distance.
Eventually Tony gently pulled away from Steve’s chest and seemed to have calmed down, though there were still a few sniffles and he rubbed at his eyes and nose. His eyes were red and still wet with tears, but he was breathing a little easier now and his sobbing had subsided.
“I... uh, I never got the chance to ask if you were okay from yesterday.” Bruce immediately remembered what Tony was referring to and nodded with a grateful smile.
“I don’t regret it you know.” Tony’s voice startled him out his thoughts and made him look down at him, where he was still resting his head against his shoulder, talking into his shirt. Steve tightened his grip around his shoulders a little and raised his other hand to brush through Tony’s messy hair.
He took a breath and turned to his boyfriend with small smirk. “Well, ain’t that sweet of you, babe. I just might keep you around still, Rogers.” Steve smirked back and looked down at him.
“Oh I know, but that name’s hardly better. Would you prefer Circus Freak, you little bastard?” Clint froze up and turned to look at him, indignation quickly turning into anger. He clenched his fists and turned to look at him, holding himself back from storm up to the guy.
His only real friends were Pepper and Rhodey and they were all away on vacations with their families so he'd been content on being alone for this summer and work on his projects.
Bruce looked around at the other kids in the car. Natasha had earbuds and seemed to listen to music from her phone, slightly moving her head in time to the music. Clint was playing on some kind of game console and the blonde guy next to him was looking out the window, admiring the scenery. The blonde next to him had taken out a sketchbook and had started to draw something, and Tony was playing around on his phone. Bruce was starting to regret throwing his bag into the trunk and that he hadn’t taken out his phone and headphones, but before he could do or say anything, Clint looked up from his game and looked between them all before putting his game down.
“Close what, friends? Well yeah, we have known each other since grade school, so I guess that makes sense.” Ty smirked evilly and leaned over him, making Tony very aware of the very clear size difference between them. Not that Tony was short exactly; he was around average for a sixteen year old, standing at 5 foot 7 inches. But Ty was a football player, was almost 6 feet tall and he was more than twice as wide and big as him since Tony, despite all of his attempts at working out and doing of lot of work with machines and engines, had failed to get any visible muscles.
Also, if anyone is interested, Toni’s dress looks like this: https://www.ever-pretty.com/products/sleeveless-v-neck-short-party-dress-ep03989
Well… okay, maybe Bruce. If he didn’t already have a crush on Natasha Romanov, she might actually have asked him out once or twice.
“I heard the end of it.” He admitted. Tony bit his lip and kept his eyes locked on his feet. Steve felt his heart clench at the sad, hurt look on his face and shuffled a little bit closer to him. “How bad was it?”
Holy Shamoly…
Tony felt himself starting to smile without realizing it and had to blink a few times so he wouldn’t start crying, ‘cause this was such a sweet gesture and such a Steve thing to do and it was so touching to have a boyfriend that went out of his way to make him happy. It wasn’t something he was used to from his previous partners, except for Pepper, obviously.
really beautiful.
Okay, what? Why was Steve so upset about her dating life or who she might end up? And why the fuck did he think she should be with stiff boring lawyers or busy doctors or stingy businessmen? Sounded like a bitch.
She just raised her eyebrow at him and folded her arms over her chest.
Steve smirked back but there was a dangerous fire in his blue eyes. “Yeah I know, but fuck Howard Stark, I’m not afraid of him. If he has anything to say about our engagement or relationship he can say it to my face. If he has the balls that is.”
Steve got out of the shower after a nice, warm shower and quickly got dressed in a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt before he made his way back to the living room, only to pause as he heard Tony’s voice. It sounded like he was on the phone but also like he was holding himself back from yelling.
“There is nothing wrong with
mean every single word she just said. She really liked him back and, as scared as she was, she wanted to at least give him a chance to surprise her. To see if he really was a nice guy and could treat her as well as he said he wanted to.
Clint and Natasha also started to look around the room, though Natasha seemed to follow Clint around just so he wouldn’t touch anything rather than try to find a way out. Thor ran up to join Tony by one of the doors, but Bruce stumbled over to the hairdryer machine and sat down on the seat, leaning his head back against the metal and closed his eyes, taking deep breaths and tried to calm himself. While this room wasn’t as bad as the metal box or the car had been, the fact that the windows were covered and the doors were closed, made it all feel like they were still in a box.
“Well, I’m fairly certain this isn’t supposed to be here.” He held something in his hands that looked like the remains from a few taped together firecrackers in a small, plastic container. “Looks like someone was trying to be funny.” She grabbed the container and looked it over, before swearing and throwing to the ground.
Still, it wouldn’t hurt if he for once could just-
“I must agree with you. It does sound much more interesting to go on an adventure rather than stay at a summer camp I did not even wish to attend in the first place. I think I may just vote for this as well.” Tony and Clint immediately made sounds of approval, but Bruce just looked very apprehensive.
Justin sneered at him, taking a step forward.
“Always. I’ll stay exactly for as long as you want me too.”
“Steve, this is your mom’s ring!” Steve smiled widely and placed his arms around Tony’s waist.
to girls!
“Yeah sure Cap, just like you didn’t cheat when we played Risk last Game Night. Or when he played Monopoly the week before. Or when we play poker, or Twister or any game that we have ever played. You’re not fooling anyone Cap, you’re just as big a cheater as the rest of us.”
Clint grinned widely at him. “Oh hey, you’re that guy from Norway, right? Um, Thor, right? Sorry, Natasha is better at names than me.” But Thor just smiled and slapped Clint on the shoulder so hard he almost fell onto the floor.
“Well, what exactly are we supposed to do then, Rogers? Just stand around here and wait for someone to hopefully come and maybe tell us what’s going on?” He snorted. “No way. You do that if you want, but I wanna see where the hell we are. Hopefully we can find a way out of here.” And so he walked out, followed by Clint and Thor and eventually the others also started to slowly get out of the small little box, the doors slowly closing behind them. But the kids’ barley noticed that as they took in the room they had walked into.
And Steve’s response was often, if not always, to pull Tony into his arms and hold him, tight enough to feel him against his own body, warm and real and alive, but always careful so he wouldn’t hurt him. He’d kiss his boyfriend’s cheek, nose, eyelids, hair and everything else he could reach, and then press his face into the crook of Tony’s neck and whisper as the tears started to fall.
“Fine. Let’s do that.” Then he started to walk away from them and the others turned to look after him.
"Where the hell are we?" Clint eyed the little box they were trapped in. Tony shrugged and placed a hand on Bruce’s shoulder, who had started to look a bit pale. Steve looked out his window and tried to examine the room from his seat.
"I know, Bucky just called me. He said he won't come to camp with me." His mom's smile turned pitying and she came into the room and sat down beside him, stroking his hair.
Sure, he’d been on cloud nine for several months now. Ever since he’d come home from Syria and he’d finally,
bad, you can read it just fine.”
And what the hell was that about him not having any business with her? Wasn't that up to her?
etc. Though in retrospect Steve thought that Howard was probably worried and concerned that Steve would try to out him as a child abuser and reveal how the Stark family looked behind closed doors, which Steve gladly would have done if he hadn’t worried that Tony would be put in the system and taken away from him after Child Protective Services got involved. Which he couldn’t afford, because what if it didn’t help and he just ended up some place worse?
A/N: Okay, that was the end of the chapter 3. Hopefully I’ll get chapter 4 done very soon too! And, I know I’ve already said it, but this story in mostly based on a Swedish TV Show (and a little in inspired by TMNT 2012) so a lot of things in here are from that show. So, just so we’re clear on something, pictures on how the machines look can be found on this link:
Tony picked up one of the small devices and looked it over carefully, very intrigued and very curious, Bruce leaning over Clint’s shoulder to get a good look at it as well before picking one of his own.
She’d just gotten back from gym class, which she was very, very good at, but she could always feel the other girls glare at her and throw dirty looks at her. And she didn’t really care about what they thought of her, normally, but it did tear at her to constantly know and hear what they were thinking about her, whispering and talking behind her back or try to trip her up or make her feel like trash, as much as she liked to pretend that it didn’t.
It was surprisingly close that Tony won, which was probably due to his head start, but Steve eventually caught up with him, grabbed him around the waist and yanked him back and gently threw him to the side, making him stumble a little. ("Hey!") Which gave Steve enough time to start running again and he got to the coffeehouse first.
Tony chuckled and pressed a kiss on Steve’s throat before gently pulling away to get a better look of him. Steve tried to keep him close, gently trying to pull him back into his chest, but Tony eventually managed to pull back enough to get a good look of his boyfriend.
Sigh and groan.
And sure, he probably didn't make it better with his obnoxious attitude and big ego, but it was better than the alternative.
“I’m telling you!” Tony called to them from one the doors without looking away from it. “Kidnapped.” Steve rolled his eyes and had to bite his to prevent himself from saying something stupid.
Steve pressed kisses on every inch of skin he could reach, arms tightly wrapped around his waist spinning him around for a good minute before putting Tony down on his feet again, though Tony still had his arms around Steve’s neck and Steve placed his hands on his hips. He had a big, blinding smile and tears in his eyes.
His face was jerked back and he was forced to look back at Schmidt. “The thing is, they are above you for one single fact; they have a click and a group that they belong too. The second Barnes gets sick or just doesn’t come to school; you’re on your own. You could be one of the great sport stars and a really popular kid if you really wanted to, but you choose not to be. And you don’t hang out with the art freaks either, because you think you’re above it all. But you can’t fool me, Rogers. You know you’re nothing without Barnes and you know it too. You can turn your nose up at us all you want, and you can act like you think we’re immature or stupid or whatever, but I know it’s because they don’t want you either. Ever since you both came to this school, everyone has tried to make friends with you but you refuse and now they hate you because you act so stuck up. But this school is for special kids, kids with great potential, but where’s yours? Oh, that’s right, you don’t have any.”
“Great. Glad to have that over and done with.” He then picked up the list and looked it over with a small grimace. “So, I got all the groceries. Except for this last one on the list. Is that an actual word, or did you just scribble something random with your elbow? I mean, what is
Tony smiled, just a tad dopily, in the middle of the busy, crowded airport just thinking about those letters with his hand tightly clenching the dog tags around his neck. Steve always had that effect on him, with all his sappiness and lovey-dovey words and promises. And for all of Tony’s big talk of how ridiculous and overly sappy he was and how he needed to stop being so sappy, he really loved it. Maybe it was because of the lack of love his family had showed him over the course of his life, but Steve had always found ways to get through Tony’s tough exterior and the walls he surrounded his heart with, even back when they had first met in grade school and especially after they had started dating in high school.
He walked over to her, trying be be suave and rested his elbows on the counter, looking her straight in the eyes. “Well in that case, Miss Stark, if I may say so, you are a quite fine specimen yourself.” She laughed softly and leaned in closer to him, her smile seductive.
So he just hugged Tony as tightly as he could, gently shushing him, placing kisses everywhere he could reach and placed one hand in his hair, stroking it in the way he knew Tony loved and calmed him when he was upset. He had made jokes in the past that Tony was like a cat, loving to be petted and pampered by everyone and Tony had acted insulted and smacked Steve on the arm in mock-outrage, though there had been a little smirk on his face regardless. But at times like these, Steve was happy that it really helped calm him down when he was this upset. So he kept stroking his husband’s hair, hugged him tightly to this chest with the other arm and talked softly to him, words that meant nothing but were meant to be soothing and help him calm down.
Or how Natasha’s parents had been assassins and trained her to be one before they were killed when she was very young and she had- somehow- made her way to America on her own as an illegal immigrant before also being put in the same orphanage as Clint and they got adopted at the same time. Or how, because she was a Russian, she had filled her locker with weapons, threatened people with violence when they annoyed her and that she was drinking vodka from water bottles during class or lunch.
“Yeah, so you’ll choose the adventure, right?” Bruce grimaced at him before shaking off his arm and slowly walking up to the podium, looking over the buttons carefully. Natasha chimed in, a slightly concerned look on her face.
Steve kept his arm around Tony, now resting around his waist and he kept him close, ready to hug him again if he needed it. “You feeling better?” He asked softly and Tony nodded, but he didn’t say anything. He breathed through his nose and kept his mouth shut long enough for Steve to worry about it, but after a few minutes of silence he looked up at Steve and his big, wide and wet puppy eyes made Steve’s heart ache.
But Loki was really, really enjoying the fact that Thor would be sent away for the whole summer, which meant he would be allowed to do whatever he wanted without him butting in the whole time.
And it wasn’t that he didn’t know other kids in school. He kinda knew Sam and Thor from football and he kinda talked with a few kids from art class. But Bucky was the only real friend he had, and now that he was sick that meant he was alone to deal with Schmidt and his gang of bullies and assholes. Not that he had ever been one to back down from a fight if he needed to fight back or felt compelled to help someone else out, but he’d rather get through this last day of school without getting in trouble with the principal. Or worse, his mother. Again.
Tony rolled his eyes with a laugh and pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “Okay, okay, as you wish Mr. Bossypants. Sorry I didn’t check with you and your list before you left, not my fault you’re such an idiot.”
Not that there were many people in the house anyway, but who cares about semantics?
Tony smiled and huffed a small laugh, a few tears forming in his eyes before blinking them away. “Yeah? And how did that work for you?”
When he turned to leave when Ross moved ahead of him, blocking the way with his body.
Steve growled and tried to rip himself free out of Rumlow’s grip. Yes, he had drawn Natasha Romanov while she was studying in the library. No, he did not have a crush on her. Yes, she was pretty and was nice to look at. No, he did not have any lustful or romantic feelings towards her. He drew a lot of people while in school, in as much detail as he could, it didn’t mean anything. Not that Schmidt would listen if he tried to say that, but still.
Steve didn’t need to look up when he heard the elevator doors open and close to know that Tony had come home, but he couldn’t fight the smile from spreading across his face.
Steve was coming in through the gates, running as fast as he could with all the people around him, more or less shoving people aside when he couldn’t run around them. He was looking around the airport, clearly looking for someone; his face was a mix of eager impatience and held back anticipation.
She wasn't sure she could live with that.
“…You heard that, right?” Steve nodded slowly, making sure to keep his hands to himself. As much as he wanted to hold and comfort Tony when he looked like this, he knew better than to do before he made it clear that he was open for it. It would only make things worse and make Tony pull away even more.
"Well, what did you think?" Tony tried for a smile, but it probably just ended up looking very awkward and he put the tablet back down on the table.
As for Steve, he had taken a job as an instructor/personal trainer at a gym close by their home, but he was also working on art commissions every now and then, hoping to make a name for himself as an artist. Of course he knew better than to set all of his hopes on making it big, especially right away, but Tony was always there to support him and give his opinions on Steve’s work or ideas for the future. He also looked up art galleries, contests and other ways for Steve to put his art out for the world to see, to help him get his foot in the door.
But dad had been acting very strange when he had said this, almost like he was in a trance, so Bruce had just thought that he had been on the sauce and if that was the case, it was better to not question any of it and he had gone to his room to pack. Not there was much for him to pack, just some clothes, a few books and some other things, like his phone, headphones and a small bag of weed.
look on his face.
“I think I’ll allow that. Just this once.” Tony huffed a small laugh and rested his head in the crock of Steve’s neck. Then Steve blinked and looked down at Tony. “Wait. Dodger?” Tony looked up and nodded.
So yeah, living in the future wasn’t so bad anymore.
Tony snorted and put his phone down. “You mean I’m not the only one who had this whole thing dumped into my lap the second I got home from school? Well, at least it’s a comfort I won’t be the only one who’ll suffer.”
Everyone jumped and immediately stopped what they were doing and stared at it, as the light and the sound got closer and louder. “What’s that?” Clint asked as they all stared and he, Tony, Steve and Thor walked closer to spot what it was. But Natasha called them back.
Steve had never cared much for his birthday.
Steve shook his head and poured himself a coffee. “I can’t Sam. I really like her and I don’t want my first real friend who is a girl to not like me. And really, I’m fine with her just being my friend. I can live with that. Besides, she’s way out of my league anyway.”
Hellooo biceps. And triceps. And abs. And pretty much every other part of his body.
What if they could be good for each other?
“Like a queen. Now, you go and have a good time and,” She placed her hands on Toni’s shoulders and looked her in the eyes. “Don’t overthink this Toni. Just try to relax and see if this guy can surprise you and actually be nice to you. Don’t overthink this, just sit back and see what happens before you start worrying about this.” She pressed kiss to her cheek and smiled. “Have fun.”
to happen before he had to leave for the day.
“Toni!” He heard Sam mutter from behind him “tried to tell you, man,” and he cleared his throat and licked his lips, wrecking his brain to come up with some to weasel out of the sticky situation he’d wound up in. “Um… How long have you been standing there?”
He sighed and pulled his fingers through his hair. "Well, get well soon Buck. I have to get back to packing." Bucky gave him a 'good luck' before hanging up and Steve sat back up again. He looked over at the bags on the floor; one stuffed with clothes and other necessities for the next two months and his duffle bag where he had stuffed a few books, his headphones, sketchbook and pens and other stuff. He was pretty much done but everything in him was screaming at him to try and run away from this whole crazy idea.
Then again, what if it did turn out amazing? What if he could see past everything others saw as wrong with her and grow to love her as she was? What if he really was sweet and kind despite every flaw and fault she had?
And sure, some of it was based on some kind of weird truth. He did act like an asshole while in school, he acted like he didn’t care about anything and joked about just about everything and he did act like a narcissist, but most of it was dialed up to eleven and people treated him like a bad guy from a movie or something.
, I am
Bruce tightened his grip around himself. “I’m just saying we shouldn’t rush into things. We have an hour to think about this, maybe we should really think this through before we decide what we want to do?”
“So, what’ve you got for me, stud?” Steve suddenly looked a little nervous and licked his lips, looking over the table and the plates with food.
They could spare a few days to celebrate this before going back to real life.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Obviously, men always end up drooling over me, Jan. My tits and ass enough are reasons to make them stare, and that's before they realize I'm loaded and a genius to boot." Janet shook her head and took a spoonful for herself.
Tony Stark is a grotsky little byotch
“He is into weapons manufacturing. He then he figured that business would be better here in the United States and we moved here. We have lived here for almost a year now.” Tony sat up straighter and smirked at Thor.
“And here I thought you liked attention. Was I wrong to assume that?” Tony shook his head and laughed again.
To his small delight there were a few laughs around him and Rumlow turned bright red, though he wasn’t sure if it was because of humiliation or anger. Maybe both? Then he grinned again and put his hands on his hips.
Jane started to pull on his arm and yell at him to release this young man called Pierce. “Thor, come on, stop it! He’s not worth it, you’ll get in trouble!” Thor looked at her, then back at Pierce and then saw that a crowd of people had formed around them. And he had the strangest feeling that they didn’t exactly form to see justice being served. So he dropped Pierce, who coughed and clutched at his throat before glaring up at him.
to start bringing her umbrella to school every day was getting really, really pathetic. But it was better than being covered in trash and used tampons for a whole day.
good at talking to girls, before or after his growth spurt, when he'd gone from 5 foot 4 inches to 6 foot 1 inches and muscles started to pop up over his whole body. He turned around and saw Toni shamelessly staring at his ass, sipping at her latte and with a coy smirk.
Then he was forced to look at a few other tables, and he only recognized a few of the kids. Bruce Banner from science class- who he had defended from bullies once or twice-, Jane Foster who was Thor’s girlfriend (he was sitting there with her too), her best friend Darcy, Reed and Susan and a few others who were classified as ‘nerds’ and were mocked for it.
“So I take it you like him?” He looked up at Tony, who was smiling widely and looked very pleased with himself as he looked down at Steve and the dog. Steve smiled widely and scratched the dog behind the ears.
) they had started to warm up a little and Steve wrapped his arms around Tony again and pulled him as close as he could.
And it was true that he spoke a bit differently from the other students, both with his accent and also his vocabulary as he was still struggling with the language in this fair city of New York. He had enough self-awareness to know that he could sound a little strange at times compared to the other students, but he still did not understand why they felt the need to laugh at him solely for this. Ever since he had started at this school he had heard so many jests at his expense, all from Viking jokes to mocking his way of speaking and name-calling.
to come to bed at a reasonable time?” Tony rolls his eyes, partly annoyed but mostly distracted.
Steve smiled and placed one hand over Tony’s cheek, stroking his thumb under Tony’s eye. “I mean it, sweetheart. You’ve had such a rough life and you’ve still turned out an amazing man. You’re smart, kind, brave, generous, funny and you’ve worked so hard to get where you are today and I’m so proud of you and to be your boyfriend. And I know we’re young and stupid and just a bit above broke, but I don’t care, I want you now and forever. I’ve thinking a lot of this and when I picture myself happy…” He leaned down and pressed a kiss on Tony’s mouth. “It’s with you.”
Tony smiled and shook his hair to get rid of as much water as he could before walking inside, taking Steve’s jacket off and shaking it off too. “Let’s.”
And the less said about Thor and Steve and how they looked, the better.
Steve shook his head with a sad frown on his face. "No, no of course it's up to you who you want to date or be friends with Toni, I am absolutely not trying to take that away from you. It's your choice and no one else's, but…" He suddenly trailed off and sighed despondently. "I just… didn't think you'd ever think want to date someone… someone like me. I don't have much, I mean I barely get by as it is, but…"
“Right, so two of us can drive a car. And you think that you can just learn to drive a space ship just like that? If we actually say yes to this, there will be no going back. At least on summer camp we’ll still be on Earth and have contact with our friends and families.”
In his swelling waves of panic, he heard a loud splash somewhere to his left, but he couldn’t see anything because of the saltwater splashing in his eyes. But he felt someone grab his ankle and yank on it and suddenly his leg was free and he started kicking and wave with his arms to stay afloat. Then he felt arms grabbing him around the chest, slightly under his armpits and hold him steady, despite him kicking and flailing wildly without being able to see, while still gasping, spluttering and coughing in wild panic.
Steve. Steve was here, alive and whole and all right.
“Hey, what’s wrong? Aren’t you happy? I thought you really liked the guy.” Toni sighed and looked down at the pillow she was still hugging.
Steve turned to salute her but didn’t stop walking. “Don’t worry Nat, I’ll make sure he gets a long night’s rest.” He smirked mischievously and smacked Tony on the butt, making Tony yelp in surprise and outrage. Clint groaned and covered his eyes with one hand.
Tony didn’t look entirely convinced, he still looked a little wary and like a scared woodland creature, which just made Steve’s heart ache even more. He grabbed Tony by the shoulders, not tightly but firmly enough to catch Tony’s attention, and made him look him in the eyes. “Tony, you love me, right?”
“What do you want now, Schmidt? Don’t you have anything better to do than hang over my shoulder all the time?” Schmidt smirked evilly and folded his arms over his chest, his black leather jacket squeaking at the movements.
“Well of course not. You should always pamper me and cater to my every need, that’s what you’re here for.” Steve snorted and shook his head, muttering “in your dreams, Stark.” before allowing Tony to continue.
When he finally let go and they both calmed down from their laughing, Steve took Tony by the shoulders and pulled him close while smiling softly. “Okay, I’m going to take a quick shower and change into something cozier. How about you order take-out and pick a movie and I’ll join you in ten minutes?” Tony smiled sweetly and nodded, his hair adorably ruffled after their little play fight and his big brown eyes still sparkling with mischief.
Clint was Clint. He, just like Tony, had moments of being inappropriate and rude and kind of an ass. He liked to pull pranks on his teammates and sometimes didn’t think before he spoke, but he was a very good friend. While he had taken more a shine to Tony and Thor, and he and Natasha clearly had a strong relationship even before they joined the Avengers, he and Steve got a long pretty well. And he had certain brutal honesty that Steve appreciated from time to time; given how some people still seemed to walk on eggshells around him when trying to explain things to him. Clint had treated him like he treated everyone around him, right from the start. Steve very much appreciated this.
So they were all going to the camp together? Hm, it didn’t seem like something people like Tony, Natasha or Clint might like, and he didn’t know about the others but they didn’t look like they were jumping at the chance to be here either.
“You didn’t. If you had cheated on me, you wouldn’t have tried to avoid it all from happening and you wouldn’t feel this bad about it. You don’t have to worry about any of that, I know how loyal and faithful you are Tony; I would never assume you would cheat on me. You love me and I love you, till the end of time, remember?”
He didn’t see Steve’s face but he heard him chuckle fondly and held him a little tighter and kissed his hair. “I love you too, Tony.”
Once she was done she took a long look in the mirror, smiled and nodded to her reflection before turning to Janet, gesturing at herself with a smile. “Well, how do I look?” Janet smiled and grabbed a purse, dropping her phone, wallet and keys into it before handing it to her.
“You got something you wanna say Rumlow or are just gonna stand there hog time from my summer break? ‘Cause I got stuff to do, places to be and none of them are you.” He smirked mockingly and made lewd hand gesture. “Unless you’re into that stuff, ‘cause I’d love to see how much you like me shoving my arrow right up your ass.”
was heard as someone kicked the door to the cubicle she was sitting in, making her jump, jolt out of her thoughts and almost drop her water bottle. She had put her feet up, so in case anyone walked in they wouldn’t see her, but of course they would anyway, considering it was the only that was locked.
Everyone turned to look at him, either exasperated or confused and he shrugged again with a grin. “We were taken against our will by someone who wants us for something. Sounds like a kidnapping to me.” Natasha glared at him, much like how a cat could glare at a person and Steve rolled his eyes and almost groaned, feeling very irate at Tony and his annoying mouth. But before he could tell him to stuff it Thor cut him off.
He hears more than he sees Steve approach, feels the strong arms that wind around his torso, feels the solid chest that he’s drawn back into.
he’d been for everything Obadiah had to offer, including the easy affection.
He installs a calorie-tracking app on his phone and restricts JARVIS’ access, moves it to a locked folder that only he knows the login details for.
That night, he spends hours scrolling through reviews for appetite-suppressants, because he’s struggling to keep the hunger pangs at bay, and they’re starting to border on painful.
It was fine. They were sat together at a bar with matching glasses of water, the alcohol was flowing around them, the chatter wasn’t overwhelming. Steve was bathed in an orange glow, courtesy of the candles that scattered the venue, and Tony was man enough to admit that he might’ve been just a little enamoured by how open it made him look, by the soft angle of his jaw and the brightness in his eyes. The sky was a canvas of black outside, speckled with bright stars, and everything was just
He struggles to maintain focus on his projects, struggles to keep a clear head during missions, struggles to interact normally with the team with the thoughts that eat at him.
“Oh right, like I plan my work binges around when a bunch of revamped doombots are gonna launch a spontaneous attack on several major cities.”
His stomach gurgles, and he can’t help but wince through a bout of sharp, aching hunger pangs.
“What do you mean?”
“I’m still mad at you,” he mumbled, hugging a pillow to his chest.
Tony feels the overwhelming urge to tear his own hair out, to yell himself hoarse, to dig his fingernails into his skin until it bleeds.
Clint groans. “Are you guys ever gonna let that go? I was
weight.
appreciate the shit-eating grin on his face one bit.
the living space wasn’t normally this cold. He’d take that up with FRIDAY later.
Tony gasped at that, feigning indignance. “Moi?”
“Tony—“
Tony laughed despite himself. “Okay, I’m not sure how I feel about that one.”
It’s only two pounds. Two pounds that’ll probably even out, as his body deals with the extra calories from today.
Of course, he’d always appreciated that touch could be a powerful part of subterfuge, he was fully acquainted with the myriad of ways in which people could be persuasive, it was simply business. Except - then he’d had his arc reactor forcibly ripped out of him by someone who’d acted like an uncle to him for decades, had been robbed of every ounce of agency possible in what could’ve been his last moments. That had left him with an almost irrational fear of strangers touching him, which was awfully inconvenient to navigate when you attracted press and attention everywhere you went.
Tony rolls his eyes, giving his cheek a playful flick. “Can’t a guy better himself without his boyfriend getting all sentimental on him?”
Every day, he adds fifteen minutes to his workout, scared shitless that his progress will unravel if he doesn’t keep upping it, scared that his muscles will begin to deteriorate as he purposely overestimates his calories, lowers his total just feel the sick sense of satisfaction that washes down his spine each time he lays eyes on that number on his phone screen.
“Stop it.”
Call him stubborn, but once Tony started working on a project, he found it incredibly difficult to stop. He’d never been one for breaks or quick five minute walks around the block, no matter how often it was harped on, no matter what sort of supposed wonders it could do for his wellbeing. Once he was in the right headspace, he didn’t care for being interrupted unless aliens had spontaneously announced their intent to enslave humans, or if he’d run out of coffee, or if he’d hit a sudden roadblock and he needed to vent a bit of frustration. As was the case for these pending Starkphone optimizations.
Not one word escapes his lips in return, but Steve seems satisfied regardless as they re-join the buzzing crowds, giving Tony’s hand a brief squeeze.
Tony blinks up at him.
He’s just trying to lose the two pounds, that’s all.
He exits the workshop. The door slides shut behind him with a resounding, echoing thud.
“Like I always say—“
He stays.
And you know what? Yeah. Maybe it was a little pathetic, but sue him for wanting to soak up anything he could while Steve’s clinginess knew no bounds. He was used to merely being humoured when it came to his fondness for being tactile with friends (hello again, wonderful childhood), so it really wasn’t an entirely unwelcome change of pace.
“If it hadn’t of been for that bulletproof vest-”
Steve opens his mouth to say something but abruptly shuts it.
“There is no off switch for your brain,” Steve parrots drily.
“Tony Stark!” the man exclaimed, with that perfect spark of familiarity in his tone that was commonplace for events like these, like Tony knew who the hell he was.
And because Tony was weak, he swayed into Steve before he could stop himself, beat the urge back down with a stick. He righted himself almost immediately, but he knew Steve noticed. He always noticed. Great for missions, bad for hiding.
A thrill runs down his spine at having set out to do something, at having actually achieved it as planned. At having
Steve looked up to the ceiling for a moment, and Tony was
He wants to stop.
When Steve suggests they go out somewhere for dinner, he doesn’t look forward to spending time with him, to the gelato they like to get afterward from their favourite store, he
Steve sank back down into his seat with a sigh, radiating an aura of helpless defeat that really wasn’t characteristic of him, even after an intense fight. Tony wasn’t a whole lot better. His usual state of low-level exhaustion was rapidly approaching ‘might-fall-asleep-standing’ levels, and his multi-tasking capabilities had taken almost abysmal plunges. He could barely maintain two lines of thought at once, couldn’t even muster up concern at the tension wrought through Steve’s body, or the slight clench of his jaw as he examined his hands.
pretty on-his-feet most days, even if the Avengers like to joke that he’s a bit of a recluse sometimes. They’re not entirely wrong.
them, exercises until his head pounds, but it doesn’t quell the sick urges that fog up his brain, consistently pull him away from the present with their fantasies and their idealism.
Clint, who had previously (
Steve’s jaw clenched for a moment. “Armour, but-”
Steve chose that moment to frown, and oh look, there was that divot that appeared between his eyebrows when he was concerned, always making Tony falter for a second.
kind of control, the kind of control that’s black and white, he can either accept the treat or refuse it, he can either stick to his calorie limit or go over it, and he never does. There’s a hard pass or fail involved, it’s not fuzzy and grey and debatable, like decisions on the field often are.
There’s a quiet desperation to it that has Tony swallowing thickly, the words to retort caught in his throat.
In hindsight, Tony should’ve seen it coming. Steve had always been a little… intense when it came to his safety on the field.
But right now, it feels like a monumental task, a treacherous trek up a steep mountain, that shakes and crumbles even when he reaches the crest, even when he looks out at rolling plains and low-hanging clouds and various shades of ochre.
won’t die without your holy shield in my presence for more than two seconds, but if I do, you’re more than welcome to play nursemaid.”
“You just like feeding me,” Tony accuses, trailing his hands along his shoulders, resting them on the sides of Steve’s face.
Maybe he’d stared for longer than he thought he had.
It might’ve been the resemblance to Obadiah, or the sly lilt of his voice, or the force with which he clamped down on Tony’s shoulder, unrelenting, or the way he towered over him due to the fact that Tony was still sat down.
“I probably could’ve stuck around,” he said, pointedly holding Steve’s gaze. He wasn’t ashamed, he
He remembered Steve’s shout, so frantic in comparison to how calm he’d seemed just moments earlier. He remembered the impact, the white-hot pain that seemed to radiate from his ribs right down to his limbs in waves. The sound of a bullet clanging against metal, the cold tiles against his back as he was tackled and the warm body that covered him, unsteady, trembling.
The furrow returns to Steve’s eyebrows. Tony reaches up to smooth his thumb over the crease it creates. A sigh escapes Steve’s lips and he dips down, nuzzles into the space along the juncture of Tony’s neck, right where he dabs his cologne in the morning. He lingers there for a moment before drawing back so that they’re face to face, so close that their breaths mingle in the space between them, that Tony can feel each exhale against his parted lips.
The laugh that left Tony’s throat was a bitter thing. “You obviously weren’t around for the myriad of charming people that have targeted me
He pressed himself up against Steve’s side once they’d exchanged a good amount of  lingering kisses, almost deliriously happy. Steve’s arm remained around his waist, fingers trailing up and down his side.
matters with all of the positive reinforcement he had going either - wistful sighs, hums of content, leaning into every point of contact and warmth like a man pathetically starved for affection.
He stands in front of their obscenely large bathroom mirror and stares, tan skin a counterpoint to the rest of their sleek marble bathroom. The changes are minute, a few more hints of sharpness along his jawline, his stomach far less bloated, which throws his abdominal muscles into sharper relief than usual.
He unbuckles his seatbelt and steps out of the car, clicking his fingers. “Waiting on you here, sweetcheeks.”
He sets his calorie goal lower.
He looks at a plate of lasagna and the calculations race through his head, what went into the sauces, the exact number of grams that were in the ground beef packet Clint used, the estimated ratio of carbs and fats and proteins, the calorie totals he’s memorised like the back of his hand, takes into account the average amount of oil that Clint uses for cooking, that surely must’ve gone into the beef.
It should be easy to stop.
“I think I’m doing okay.”
, okay?”
The number remains unwaveringly the same.
That earned him a sharp look of disapproval.
Desperation claws at his chest, tightens in his throat, hinders his breathing, because even now it’s not enough, he doesn’t think it’ll
Another two weeks go by.
Steve’s eyes spark in that same way they always do when he understands a reference that Tony makes.
“I wouldn’t have laid a finger on him,” Steve argued. “I can be compelling when I want to be.”
Tony smiles. “Right as rain, honeybunch.”
“I’d be dead, yeah, yeah, I think that’s been established already. But here’s the thing - I’m
Steve didn’t miss a beat.
needs investors,
He looks down at his wedges, sour cream and chilli sauce on the side, paired with a salad, dressing and croutons on the side.
“Tony?”
not being able to calculate the exact amount of calories that will be in his meal, he spends an inordinate amount of time pondering whether it’ll be too risky to order gelato in a cup, just so he can cut down on calories from the cone.
rolls his eyes then, despite the warmth that settles inside his chest, simmers beneath his skin.
Maybe being able to touch meant more to Steve than Tony had initially realised.
“Are you cold?” Steve asks, “JARVIS has it set to the normal temperature.”
And if
Panic overwhelms him each time he nears his calorie limit, each time Steve’s eyes linger on him when he scrutinises his dinner before eating it, each time the Avengers suggest ordering in, and he has to scramble to figure out what to order, think through and rationalize what was once an easy, off-the-cuff decision.
“—But you’re healthy,” Steve continues, in the earnest-yet-sincere way only he can manage.
sick of it.
“Oh Bucky, won’t you come jogging with me? Oh no, no, no, Steve’s busy, trust me, it’ll just be us. Oh Bucky, I can’t believe you’d jump in front of me like that with your big, strong metal arm, you’re such an idiot, I think I might-”
He’d gone through the motions, winged his way through a killer speech, mingled with the rambunctious New York socialites seated at his table, approached all the right people, made all the right overtures.
Tony presses his lips into a thin line. He can’t see the kitchen, he doesn’t know how much oil they add or how many ingredients they add.
Your uniform can take a few high-calibre bullets at point-blank range, sure, but not without some serious blunt force trauma. Your healing factor doesn’t work magic, and one day, if something takes you out that my armour could’ve dealt with…” he paused, shaking his head. “I feel like that’d be on me.”
this feeling.
He picks up a slice of bread and nibbles at it. The garlicky flavour floods his tongue — it’d been about two months since he’d had regular old white bread — and despite the panic that thrashes in his chest at
Steve sucked in a deep breath, casting his gaze towards the ceiling as if asking God to give him strength. Tony would’ve smiled, if he had the energy.
” he said, punctuating the word with a sharp jab to Steve’s shin.
“Well...you know how’s he’s super protective of his Capri-suns?”
“I’m fine,” he says, rubbing harshly at his eyes. “You don’t need to go all—you don’t need to play nursemaid, I’m
Steve shushed him, and Tony was almost glad he didn’t have to keep up his rambling nonsense, his futile efforts to explain without explaining.
unbelievably okay, and I’ll be even
He thinks of the linguine and the bread and the gelato he’d consumed the previous night, the uncounted calories that passed his lips, as he struggles through the fourth hour of his workout, limbs aching, muscles shaking violently, lungs blazing. The glass door before him presents him with a sorry reflection, presents him with the softness and roundness that clings stubbornly to his body, presents him with a million different reasons Steve has to be lying when he tells Tony that he finds him attractive.
“You bastard,” he breathed, grinning helplessly.
“You can still see me though, right? Even though I’m one of your blind spots? It’s just - it’d be a real shame to miss all this,” he said, with a vague gesture to himself.
. This was bad. It’d been a long,
He pulls his shirt back down and reaches for his toothbrush.
“Makes for some pretty intense nightmares,” he admitted, in an almost scarily passive tone, like he was commenting idly about the weather. “Might also be why I can’t stand the thought of watching you die. Knowing that I’d remember every single detail for as long as I live.”
, because you have several bruised and fractured ribs, and they’re monitoring you for any major head injuries,” came a low voice, accompanied by a cool hand against his forehead, pressing him gently down into the pillow.
him, per se, but he does like to cook for him, does like to share food with him. Tony thinks it has something to do with growing up during the Depression, during an era of food rations, where sharing food must’ve been almost intrinsically tied to affection, to showing friends and family that you cared about them, that you were looking after them.
“I don’t know. Did those artfully brown eyes do it for the girls back in
“Quit talking, Cap, and quit it with the pouty face you’ve got going. We’re almost home and I’m summoning up as many of your lectures in my head as I can, so I can perfectly emulate your Captain America tone of disapproval and throw it right back at you.”
“Right, with your glares and your stern tones of disapproval. Probably could’ve guilted him into making him talk, huh?”
Now, though. Now he can’t
Was that not apparent?
to being worth his own. As if his life for Tony’s was a perfectly fine trade-off. He scrubbed a hand across his face, wondering vaguely if his head should be swimming this much, if the seats opposite him should be resembling blurry patches of colour. It was probably fine. Probably.
“It wouldn’t be on you.”
“Don’t even wanna hear it, Fri,” he said, raising a hand.
He starts out in a small deficit.
He tried for a smile, but probably fell short. “Romanoff.”
“I know.”
Tony reared back at that, raising a hand to his chest. “Hey. You can’t follow up my crack at
“That’d be—great,” he says, turning in the circle of Steve’s arms. He doesn’t want to draw any unnecessary attention by being difficult.
But the
“Looks like an L,” said Tony, squinting. “Why?”
“Poor guy,” Steve remarked, to which Tony gave a derisive sniff.
He didn’t always panic when people got close to the arc reactor; a tangled web of factors Tony himself couldn’t comprehend, couldn’t operationalise or make sense of the way he so desperately wanted to, generally determined how his body chose to respond.
and sat back in his seat.
“Tony? Is there any chance I could come in?”
wasn’t unfair as all hell, because he
Tony sank down into the couch, dragging a hand over his face. “I’m gonna kill you all one day.”
But he can’t, he can’t, he
His eyes had a sheen of brightness now that they didn’t before, Tony couldn’t help but note. He wracked his brain, trying desperately to think up something along the lines of reassuring. There were no two ways about it - he had self-destructive tendencies, half of which he’d come nowhere near close to addressing. He knew just how deep they ran too; deeper than he’d ever be willing to admit aloud, never satisfied, not while he still had ghosts to make up for, or pieces of himself left to give.
“So that’s how it’s gonna be, huh?” he asked Steve’s retreating figure, and all he got for his efforts was a soft laugh, which was sort of worth it if Tony was being honest, and
He gets a flat look for his efforts.
“Hey, big guy, we have a deal remember? I ruin the lines of my suit with body armour, you let up with all the protests.”
He turned his gaze to Steve as he sucked in greedy lungfuls of air, and something hot, something like
Then, it was stiff hospital pillows, the smell of disinfectant, and a room so white it almost made him want to be sick. Or maybe that was because his stomach was churning and twisting unpleasantly, something horrible and bitter burning up his throat.
Really, the business pitch that followed could’ve been the best damn thing since sliced bread, could’ve been the most earth-shattering innovation known to man, but Tony wouldn’t know because the next thing Toby did was slap a hand down on his shoulder, right where it met his neck.
Steve seemed positively wounded at that, all wide-eyed and earnest and
“Well, I mean, that’s a bit of a-“
Tony just laughed, completely unrepentant. “Careful who you’re calling disgusting there, snowflake. I have at least one veritable source that can confirm I am anything
Steve shifts back onto his knees, hands landing on either side of Tony’s head as he leans in, hovers over him. Tony trails a hand up his side, can’t help it, really, fingers brushing along warm skin and settling somewhere around the slight jut of Steve’s hip.
“Don’t think for one second I’m dropping this conversation, Tony,” he said, with just the slightest trace of sheepishness in his voice. “You’re laying low for a few days at least.
, which was just. Not good for Tony’s heart by any measure. Steve’s disapproval was a force to be reckoned with - when he had real fire behind his eyes, disappointment burning in his gaze, tone cold and clipped and
“Can I steal Tony for a minute?” Steve asks, voice practically dripping with courtesy.
“Being on the verge of doing something and actually doing it are two very different things,” he argued, somewhat meekly. “I get the urge to repulsor blast someone at least three times a day, but that sort of thing is generally frowned upon in polite society.”
Steve laughed, bright and amused. “Wouldn’t dream of moving,” he retorted.
Tony freezes for just a moment before recovering, purposefully relaxing his muscles.
Tony weighs himself once during the first week, twice during the second week, four times during the third week, and six times during the fourth week. It’s an indescribable rush, to see the number that stares back at him lower than the last time, even by the smallest fraction. He feels lighter, he feels more energetic, he feels accomplished, he feels...he feels
Anything he
He sent a playful glance in Steve’s direction as he dropped down onto the couch beside Rhodey, more than thrilled to find that a blush had spread itself across his cheeks.
“Sir, if I may, you haven’t eaten all day, I’m sure if Captain Rogers—“
beginning to notice a trend here.
, thank you very much. So
Tony just stared for a moment, before breaking out into a downright grin and swinging an arm over Steve’s shoulders, guiding him over towards the bar.
Steve, sleep-warm and hazy, relaxes against Tony’s chest when Tony wraps his arms around his waist.
“Did he say something?” Steve asks, and there’s a note of protectiveness wound through his tone that has Tony’s heart clenching.
It was all sort of a blur from there. He remembered entering the compound, a few forms that were probably people surrounding him, exchanging quiet chatter. He remembered being laid down on his bed by strong arms, belonging to someone who looked suspiciously like-
If Steve noticed, he didn’t comment on it.
He directed his gaze towards the doorway, where two well-dressed supersoldiers were looking more than a little amused.
Laying on the cold floor at this moment, feeling the remaining warmth it leaches from his skin, he feels like he’s hit the lowest of lows, and he’s not sure how to even
Tony could feel the blow even now, the brunt of it aimed directly at his chest, knocking him into a nearby wall and leaving him a heap of armour just for a moment. Obviously, that’s when Steve had thrown himself over him, covering his body, his startled shout through the comms enough to disorient Tony’s sleep-addled brain and leave him reeling. The Hulk had taken care of the explosive, but it had been a close thing.
too close. Steve snatched it up before he could do so, and Tony felt himself melt a little with relief.
He picks up right where he left off and carefully keeps his eyes away from the pan, away from the extra teaspoon or so of olive oil that Steve drizzles into it.
“Was that sarcasm? That was definitely sarcasm.”
Bucky entered the room then, closely followed by Nat and a gleeful-looking Sam.
Attention successfully deflected, Tony goes back to picking at his remaining waffle and internally running through what Steve normally uses in the batter, as exact as he can get it.
“You’re
“Oh yeah, that time you walked into a pull door six times before I took pity on you sure was something.”
“No, you’re not,” Steve agrees evenly, calm, so fucking
Tony’s gaze flicks toward the man without his conscious say-so. In his peripheral vision he catches Steve do the same.
Toby looked as though he wanted to protest some more, but Steve wasn’t having it, ignoring him entirely in favour of pressing a hand to Tony’s back and coaxing him forward with a murmured “come on, let’s get you out of here.”
Sam offers him a single grape from his fruit bowl.
“I’m here,” he says again, and it’s clear to both of them what he means.
crease of concern. Trademarked and everything.
He ventures down to the gym between projects and does his usual strength training, ignores the fact that it feels just slightly more difficult than usual, that his breaths start coming out in short, sharp puffs a bit quicker than usual.
him. It was nice, though. Hearing Sam and Steve’s laughter, carried away by the wind, had sort of made it worth it. Not that he’d ever tell them that.
FRIDAY’s judgmental silence as he laughed to himself somewhat hysterically, fishing through his closet of suits.
Tony Stark always gets up.
onto something,” he says.
“Mhm. Aren’t you warm?” he mumbles.
“It’s true though,” said Steve, looking unfairly like a kicked puppy, confusion drawing his eyebrows together and creating that
“Mute, JARVIS.”
It starts out with a diet.
Steve let out a shuddering breath, and Tony was vaguely able to conjure up the thought that his eyes seemed suspiciously glassy.
Steve’s features smoothed out with shock, but only briefly before that spark was returning to his eyes, burning a whole lot brighter now. He swallowed, and Tony couldn’t help but track the movement.
, from an old MIT associate, accompanied by a playful elbow to his side, for some reason it feels like he’s been sucker-punched, and he can’t shake it off like he normally does, can’t smile and return the snark easier than breathing.
No, he thinks, he’s not hurting himself. What’s one day, anyway? Plenty of people forget to eat for one day. No one’s perfect.
Then, a few days passed, and some of the insistent protectiveness let up. Tony was back to attending board meetings, supervising certain R&D projects, and getting his
He places an order and ensures it’ll be delivered to a secure location.
When that earned him a pointed silence, Tony shifted, struggling to sit up on his elbows without jostling the wrappings around his chest. “Lighten up, cap. You’ve probably witnessed me almost die like what, eight times already?”
He brings up an article on his phone that compares his twenties-body with his current body, reads it over and over until his eyes burn and sting from staring at the screen in his darkened bathroom, until his hands tremble where the pale light washes over them.
damn coffee from his favourite café. It was hard to say what exactly had opened the floodgate, but suddenly, brushes of contact became something more lingering. Steve had waltzed right into his personal space like he belonged there and set up shop, which... it was amusing, Tony would give him that. He wasn’t exactly
The response came just a few seconds shy of late.
“Uh.”
Ice races through Tony’s veins, gathers in his chest and tightens in his throat, makes his breaths come out in short, sharp puffs. He’s had his body scrutinised inside and out by the press, it’s just sort of part and parcel when it comes to being a public figure, and he’s never spared it much thought, had certainly never agonised over their opinions of him or his body.
“You know, cap, anger is much more convincing if you forgo the smile.”
) poked fun at him for his extra time in the gym, tentatively approaches him and asks him whether he thinks he’s overdoing it.
He remains silent.
Steve placed a bottle of water on the sheets beside him before settling down on a chair, eyes scanning over him like he was confirming that everything was still okay. That Tony wouldn’t spontaneously drop dead or something along those lines. The shield was resting by his feet, and the glances he kept tossing towards the door were beginning to border on excessive, like he was expecting someone to burst in at any moment for a second go at him.
Something in Steve’s gaze softened considerably as he sat up, looking down at Tony with a ghost of a smile. “Yeah. It also means I can remember the exact look on your face when you realised that door was a pull door, not a push door.”
while since he’d been chased around for days on end by thoughts about one person, because one person shouldn’t have all that power over him, not when power was so easily abused. He shouldn’t be distracted by internal musings about blue eyes, or the curve of Steve’s mouth when he was being snarky, or the way his arms looked while he was tossing his shield about in the training room.
He adds thirty minutes to his regular workout.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks him, once they’re away from the thick of it all, warm evening breeze gusting in through a nearby open window. His voice is all low, rumbly, concerned, and Tony can hardly stand it.
The windows shift, flicker for just a moment, and Steve jumps a bit, clearly startled, before scrambling to his feet. His face is blotchy and red, stray tears clinging to his cheeks.
“Are you?” he presses, instead of replying.
need investors,
“Does that make me your blind spot?”
Tony folds under those words, under the tremble in Steve’s voice. He’s helpless against the way his next breath shudders and shatters and breaks apart at the seams. Shaking breaths claw their way up his throat, devolve rapidly into sobs, and all of the stress, all of the frustration and the anger and the fear and burning need for more, more,
