“Christ. It’s clever, though. I’ll give SHIELD that.” Tony is steadily heating up his second cup of coffee. “You see what they’re doing, don’t you? They’re trying to flush you out with Insight. Pressuring you to come stop them. They’ll start with the Mandarin. They won’t stop there.”
Come what may, he’s ready.
And confused. Thoroughly confused.
The suit springs free, and Tony gulps lungful of fresh air. He can almost taste the sweet fragrance of magnolia, and a tinge of wisteria. Foliage waves above him where he lies flat on the ground. He’s still partially encased in his suit, and he has no doubts it is lush grass under his feet when he steps out.
“Hey, Mom. Been a while,” he says. Steve comes to stand beside him, and reads the engravings:
“Stay safe, Tony.”
Steve takes hold of his shield in the nick of time when a metal arm punches through the driver’s window, fingers curling futilely against the smooth, cool surface of the vibranium disc.
Which is either a genius move – playing his cards tight to his chest is the safest thing to do given current circumstances – or Tony has lost his mind. “Is he safe?”
Steve’s eyes – grey and haunted – shoot open and he gasps like his lungs stopped working, jolting upright from his fully reclined seat. Tony keeps banging on the door, and tries the handle in his desperation to
The gaits are unsteady to his ears. Inconsistent. Chaotic.
“No, Sir, I understand. I uh,” Gary glances nervously at Steve, evermore an imposing character in the tiny truck. “One word out of my trap and Captain Rogers will personally see to it that it was the last thing I ever said.”
a spy, aren’t you?” Goodman hisses, the vein in his temple swelling. People have such an imagination around here.
“Stop, please!”
bombings instead of three that were made public knowledge. No bomb casings, so, dead ends.
All his suits are spread out around the world, his sole companion committed android death to save his hide, and Steve…
“Tony, how risky is this?”
“Do it.”
Ross didn’t drop by Steve’s ward for niceties.
“I’m not tired. Magic serum.”
Welcome to the corporate world, baby. A constant pedal to the metal, running on fumes… it’s not a baggage-friendly lifestyle.
cup of coffee is always good.”
“You’re welcome, I suppose.”
“… Sure. Anyway, I hope you like your coffee black because I don’t have creamer and sugar on me.” Again, he holds the ramen cup with both hands, and steam rises. These demonstrations can’t be flukes. He really
wants to crumple that phone into the next Dada and hell, drives the truck away. A hijacking done right. The man stows that phone into his pocket, and grips his hair by his ears real tightly. “
close to throttling Steve for bailing on his family.
here, but the ringing mirth is infectious, and Steve can’t help but break out in chuckles, too. His face feels stretched, the dried up tears a reminder of his ongoing misery. But, just this hour. He’ll have this. Have Tony.
“I’m sorry it took me this long to notice.” Once the floodgate is opened, there’s no stopping it. Steve’s hold on Tony grow lax, but Tony doesn’t pull away. “I’m sorry, that I’ve made this unnecessarily hard for you. I’m also sorry, for not thanking you enough, for having me. Here.”
“I’m taking a shower.”
And Tony’s right. He’s flawless. There’s nothing wrong with him.
Tony’s thinking on the line of evacuating as many of these people – but that can’t work, can it, because there’s no magical place on this planet that can withstand the brunt of those Helicarriers’ guns. The next best thing would be to
“… Maybe where it started.”
He’s not unused to stuff of nightmare. The trick in not letting them take over his sanity is to handle them one at a time. It’s an uphill battle, what he calls “life”, basically… and this is baby play, yes? He climbs into the pickup truck and boy oh boy,
“OK. Bring him up.”
“I think we all agreed on that.”
“Hey, I’m not done with you yet.”
“And it works? You get to,” Steve waves his hand impatiently at the now-thankfully darkened screen, “tap into your head and view these memories? And how are they
“No, it’s really me. I – you have
when the tablet vibrates with a voice that is unmistakably Tony’s.
“You did what you have to. You saved everyone’s lives back there, hugging the bomb.”
“My helmet!”
and bravado, and thinks, he’s done this before. He made Mark I in a cave with a box of scraps, while strapped to a freaking car battery! He can do
“He may not be a soldier, but don’t underestimate his courage and wit in matters as such. We’ll only gain from his counsel. I would personally vouch for him.”
Besides, he can only avoid Steve for so long.
“Yeah, I saw you guys on the news. You’ll want a flyer on this one.”
“… STRIKE team, fall back.” Steve’s radar finally picks up Iron Man, the only red blip on his screen amidst STRIKE’s black. “You’re clear, Stark. Stay on the line.”
“I’ll uh, call for housekeeping later.” That corner Clint is standing at looks more like patches of the Sahara than a gym. At this rate, funding the Avengers will completely bankrupt Tony. Just give them a couple of months. “I’m heading off to the showers. Catch you guys later?”
They’re persistent, Steve gives them that. He’s trained with them, ate with them, worked with them. Persistent SOBs. Was mighty useful when they were still fighting on the same side.
Still unadjusted to the sudden loss of his sight, Milos fumbles around, jittery hands exploring the expanse of Tony’s exposed body. The first things his palms rest on are the knees, and slowly he progresses upward, thumbs gliding along the inner thighs… until fingernails scrape against Tony’s taut sacs. Poor him, to have endured teasing for so long, his release denied.
One car and a half later, a break is in order. He updates Mr Tough Guy his progress, and is given three hot pockets and beer for his trouble. A meal from the heavens! He cradles them in both arms and jogs back to where Steve is parked, feeling extremely pleased with himself. They haven’t had anything warm in two days, only dried bread. The texture and lack of flavour wears thin on his taste buds.
“I’m not sulking, Tony.”
“I want a report on Stark’s come-and-go’s in the last twenty-four hours. I want to know when he left the Tower, what car he drove in, what
“Look, Mister –” he peers at the man’s staff ID, “Smith. I’m
The ground trembles with two successive explosions. The heat scorches his very back, but he keeps running. Something inside him tells him that Steve’s OK. Regrettably, without the suit, this is one battle above his paygrade. This isn’t even about managing a goddam ego. Without the suit, he’s a body ripe for the bagging.
The next hour is possibly the longest he has endured since the Ice Age. He scouts out the locale. Plenty of open spaces. No tall buildings, so no snipers. No blind spots. He can see cars coming from the distance, far enough to buy him time for hightailing. There are semblances of a neighbourhood towards the north, likely an abandoned construction. Only one way in, and his keen eyes are on it. It’s also the only way out. Aerial attacks and scouts are possible, but the skies stretch endlessly where he is.
“I know, J.” His life’s work, basically – his blood and sweat in every fibre of the Iron Man suits, and he’s personally escorting them to the gates of annihilation. “Just do what I say.”
The debriefing is also quite the experience on its own. Steve has never seen Fury this chirpy, and he’s never harassed Tony by the end of it, not once. Though not one for flattery, Steve makes sure to highlight Tony’s contribution to the team, from the fact that he’s Avenging while on official leave, to his selfless sacrifice at the end.
“JARVIS!”
The absence of a conscience?
“Tony –”
“He would’ve found some ways to alert you about it. I know Nick and your father go way back. I don’t deny him having a soft spot for you, Mr Stark. And for that exact reason, Alexander Pierce was elected as Chairperson. A shame really, considering recent events.” He sighs, and continues, “You’re a man of the future.” Ross clasps his hands behind his back, and heads for the far window. “Evolution can’t be stopped. What we are as a species won’t stay the same forever. Changes are already happening as we speak. But at this rate? Tell me, if you were in my seat, what would you do about them?”
“Chances are, you and I are more likely to have our own separate line-ups than this guy.”
Dick.
“Nick gave me a tour around Insight’s Bay. I saw your repulsor engines on Insight’s Helicarriers.”
With a flick of his wrist, the dull hum of machineries dies down, and he steps off the dais. “Steve’s here?”
cart you off to the nearest lab to work on you.”
? – looms before him. He’s still too dizzy to make out the form, but going by the way light is reflected off the person’s left bicep, images and sounds start trickling in. A deluge of information, too quick to process – his head lolls backward and thumps against a wire mesh. He tries to move his arms. Locked. His ankles, too.
Something crackles on the other side, and sure enough, Steve – annoyed – replies, “You’re not supposed to be talking to yourself, Tony. It’s suspicious behaviour.”
“Your mouth, Milos,” Tony bucks his hip up. “I want your mouth.”
“Huh. The type?”
Wait, wait,
the one spending the next six hours in the complex! I can’t go around looking like this!”
“Cakewalk, Cap. Uh, we got DODC incoming from the Western borders. ETA is five minutes from now. Can we leave the clean-up to them? I’m still trying to clear off my sleep debt.”
“Hey,” Steve begins to drop two gigantic duffel bags onto the floor.
“Milos Masaryk.” A naughty smirk play on his lips. “I’ve been kept waiting for an hour half. I won’t disappoint, Mr Stark. The next four hours will be so much fun.”
“OK. Wow.”
the orb from the very socket in his chest. The wiring, the electromagnet – the plasma that Pepper finds disgusting once upon a time, the Howardium cassette that Steve helped create – all ripped apart from his body in one swift tug.
“Says the man wanted dead or alive. I could turn you in. Use the reward money to rebuild my house.”
“Sure thing, Mr Stark. Have a good day.”
Naturally, Tony does a show of chugging more spit like his life depends on it, because that can’t be what Captain America just asked of him, right?
Not dead. Not yet. And for as long as there is breath in his breast, he has a chance to end this. Any price is worth paying. Tony accumulates what’s left of air and might in his lungs and wills them all to fire, when the metal fingers around his neck clench down upon his windpipes.
He’s a syllable close to dressing Tony down when Vision phases through the far wall and greets them all with a monotonous “Good morning”. Only then does Tony break eye contact to continue perusing his papers, leaving Steve to stew by himself beside the half-empty coffee pot. This isn’t how he imagined morning will be like should he bump into Tony. He’s thinking, a lot of flustering, a sliver of awkwardness to prance about. Not an urge to wring Tony by the neck so he would treat this issue with twelve percent more urgency.
Who the fuck is Anna –
“OK,” he rasps, and wets his lips with little success. “Tony, we’re good.” It’s so quiet out here, even the slightest whisper is ear-splitting. “It’s gonna be a long walk, though. But we need to move now.”
They’re rocking the fucking table, and it’s banging ceaselessly against the wall. What is his neighbour going to
“Mr Stark?”
“Tony –” Steve calls frantically. They’d hooked him up by his waist and reverse-bungeed him up to the flyover. Immense relief floods Tony’s system when he sees that Steve is safe and sound, still whole, but it’s too late. “Tony, no,
“But, we have
He sees the green patch of a field growing vivid as he surrenders to gravity, and a splash of brain matter on soil. Here lies Anthony Stark, who was once brave to stand up for what’s right –
He sits up, a thread of precum and saliva glistening in his trimmed beard. “Was that fun?”
is why you’re sitting around toasting marshmallows with me in Tennessee, Steve.”
“Thank God I caught you. Uh, this is for you.” Agent hands over that cup of coffee, and Tony takes it wordlessly. What is in-character for him to do? Drink it with gratitude? Splash the residual content over the Agent’s sorry face? “I wanna thank you for what you did with the… uh. You know. For working your magic on my account.”
“Copy that. Clint, zipline in, eyes on the vault. STRIKE Team Beta, secure the exits. Alpha on hostage extraction. Stark on the Goblin. Wait for the signal.”
He pays for a pair of toothbrushes, a toothpaste and shaving cream to share, and receives two more high-fives on the way out of the shop. Only when he walks past a Samsung store with two rows of gigantic TV screens mounted to the wall in their preview window does Steve stop clean in his tracks. Upon watching what’s currently playing on CNN, he nearly drops his purchases and lower jaw.
, Steve… Steve…” Grasping it a little more firmly, he
“If I don’t make it back, it’s not an opponent you can handle without the suit. This isn’t up for debate, Stark. I’m not risking your safety needlessly.” He closes the door behind him and peers through the crack of the window. “Watch the clock. Stay here.”
He has no idea where his suits are. Safe, as far as he’s concerned. JARVIS will look after them.
He has company.
“You heard me. There’s no camera, no eyes watching.”
One Wednesday morning, Steve jogs into the kitchen wanting to make himself breakfast and he sees
Maybe he
“It’s fine.”
“It’s not –” He’s raising his voice. He’s
is not.”
Under the welcoming address of “Trespassers will be prosecuted”, the words “Camp Lehigh” take up most of the space. The black paint used to write them are almost completely flaked off. The “p” is barely visible. Tony abandons the gates and joins Steve by the signage. “Camp… Lehigh?” he reads aloud. “Makes sense. Looks military on the other side of the fence.”
“Where am I? JARVIS?” His nose itches, and he tries to scratch it, when a sting by his wrist stops him.
“Up!”
The Avengers is that extra filling he needs. What Clint said, the
“Where are we going?” he tries his luck, and gifts the attending paramedic his most cheerful half-wince.
“It’s the best we got. The engineers tweaked the frequency. If you see Agents coming for you, you run.”
normal – and God, why are they looking here so long? What’s so jarring about a normal-looking lady sitting in a discreet corner of the staff canteen, by herself, without coffee or snacks on her table, her laptop closed before her as she stares at air molecule?
“Dr Goodman. What will it take you, hmm? Ten, twenty seconds? Nobody has to know.”
“I have you, Sir. Breathe deeply.”
Tony continues to sleep through the rest of the journey, and at one o’clock in the dead of the night, Steve pulls their car to a stop where the indicator on the tablet says so. It’s a remote part of town, nothing to see beyond scattered concrete houses of sort, cordoned off by tall fences with barbed wires on top.
Barnes’s head dips, and Tony looks away. “OK, I’m done. We don’t do civilities with WMDs. You’re a wanted man, just so you know. General Thaddeus Ross wants you. As much as I hate his mug, I’d like to personally escort you to his office. Easy does it, Barnes.”
“Should I walk away?”
They sit like that, not speaking, not moving for the next God knows how long, as Agents – all donning STRIKE vests and totting MP5 – pace the corridor. One eventually approaches, and he does not wear a helmet. His gun is slung against his back, and with his freed-up hands, he cradles half a dozen of bottled water.
think. You can call all the shots you want, I know it feeds your soul or, whatever.” Steve remembers the heat arising from the back of his neck. “You may not know this, but Iron Man isn’t quite a solo gig. I have my co-pilots. Every time I charge into battle, I have my AIs calculating risks and options, and calibrating the appropriate response to suit each unique situation. Take it from me, they’re
another gurney, naked from the waist up and shivering under the poorly regulated air-conditioning. He has been on gurneys enough to last a year, Christ, he is
. Being better is turning these tech into affordable, renewable energy to sustain the human species. He’s making amends. SHIELD just has to scoop these shards of broken dreams and make dog tags out of them.
“We’ll do that first thing in the morning. Now, you need to rest.”
“I’m not
Something –
Mark 17?”
– God – that he’s about to accidentally swerve their car off the railing when his hand nearly grabs the steering wheel for purchase. His semen splatters unabashedly across the front of Tony’s suit and face.
before his crotch. One could hide a derringer in here, he reasons. Best to err on the side of caution.
“Tissue,” he mutters desperately. “Tissue, Steve –”
“Ballistics?”
“You’re
“Either quit the game, or quit the Avengers. That it, right?” Tony tugs at his safety belt to make more space as he leans into Steve’s lap. He pulls the zipper down and fishes for Steve’s semi-flaccid cock. “I’ll take the dick anytime – hey!”
“I don’t mean it that way –”
Steve releases his balls with a satisfyingly loud smack, and Tony bops his shoulder with his knee. There’s an assassin showering two doors down and Steve is trying to be a smartass. “Spider is
give a fuck and make his way to Steve, to save
“Clint, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for this to happen.”
Barnes’s fist clenches and unclenches on his thighs. He stays put, the earth beneath him already imprinted with his weight. “I’m here, Mr Stark. If you want to end it…”
“I’ll be just a moment.”
Steve runs his plans by him, which he finds palatable, and that is saying a lot because nothing short of a miracle that a wanted fugitive and a dead man can do to unmask one of the world’s most trusted, and guarded intelligence agency. Steve’s knack for exploiting the best his men can offer shows.
squeaking, what the hell,
“Yes, Mr Stark. Can’t risk another visit from the Chitauri now, can we? Who knows what else is out there?”
“We take a break. When the sun sets, we drive as fast as we can. No more breaks after this. I need you sharp.”
“… For Sir’s safety, I cannot divulge that information.”
“When I see something point south, I can’t ignore it.”
“… Stop what?”
your one hour must be worth five other Agents’. Can’t they send someone else on the milk run?”
“Sir, it will take approximately three hours for full synchronisation.”
“We can hang around a bit more if you want to.”
And Steve’s witty comeback is cut off by a
Bucky, Tony, HYDRA, SHIELD – is
all right?”
“Pepper, it’s me,” he whispers. He doesn’t want to wake Steve up. “I’ve got a lot of apologies to make, and not a lot of time. I’m so sorry I put you in harm’s way.” She’s strong, she’s smart, and hell hath no fury like Pepper scorned. The
“Stop.”
He can’t sleep a wink that night again. He gives up lying in bed and goes to stand by the floor-to-ceiling window. He rests his forehead against the cool glass, occasionally bangs it against the wooden frame until the first glow of the sun paints his face.
“What the hell,” Tony slurs, and slumps casually to the floor. “I paid good money for that.”
A boxful of bread and bottled water is a lot of supply? That, coming from Tony Stark?
“Remember Zola’s presentation? There’s always more from where that comes from. I’ll get us the evidence. We Snowden the crap out of SHIELD.”
With her unwavering stare, she peels back his soul, layer by layer until he gives up evading and she drops the one question that really matters. “What are you not telling me?”
“Ouchie? Easy on the grip there, darling. I’m all fragile meat and bone.”
The front desk didn’t tell him Steve the masseur is a Greek bust in the flesh. Describing Steve alone will downgrade Tony’s sprawling vocabulary to that of a horny teenager’s, and he can’t have that. Reason is clear. He digs chicks, chicks dig him.
“What’s wrong?”
and the pounding of Black Sabbath from the radio, Steve has no intention to molest Tony any more than he already has today. Whatever it is that’s been eating Tony up from the inside, is beginning to show in his demeanour. His expression is drawn, his fingers constantly ticking to the pacing of his thoughts – Steve doubts he’s listening to a word coming out of Ozzy Osbourne’s mouth.
“… Lie down. Get some sleep, Tony.”
“Come on, even
is a message at all. And Tony relents. He sighs into the touch, well-oiled fingers cradling his balls, as Steve’s other hand rolls his cock against his inner thigh. He even raises his hip helpfully when Steve makes to slide his pants off, fully parading his junk for the first time. Nothing wrong with two willing adults having a little fun.
“You won’t.”
“Tony,” Steve greets him. The inflection in his voice suggests he isn’t expecting Tony to meet him so soon. “I told Bambi not to bother you.”
“Great. It’s my turbo-charged metabolism, I think. I’m hungry all the time.” Tony turns his free hand around, clenching and unclenching his fist. “At least I’m not on fire.”
“I’m different now, Steve,” Tony snarls in his face, and wills the fire to erupt in his eyes. Steve’s expression pinches, but not of fear, and Tony’s insides wither. “I don’t need your pity.”
To the gallows it is.
“… Dirty talking. How refreshing. Or are you taking the mickey?”
“I’m saving your ass here! Get up!”
“… Well? Are you actually waiting for me to drive you to the nearest ATM?”
Ten minutes more.
“If I can have my way, I’d like to sabotage the Helicarrier’s circuits. But, I’m not cleared for Insight’s hangar.”
Steve’s throat bobs. It can’t be that obvious, can it?
“I can explain!” Tony holds his palms out in a placating manner, as Steve purses his lips and crosses his arms across his chest. As far as he’s concerned, he’s cleared his afternoon schedule specially for this moment of truth.
– would have to lose their folks in a fucking car crash.”
Steve readjusts his hold on his shield, and bids for Tony to follow. “’Ammunition supply point’. Army regulations forbid storing ammunition within five hundred yards of the barracks.” Pausing at the door, he lifts his shield to eye level. “This building is in the wrong place.” And promptly brings it down onto the handle, dislodging it completely that the door yawns open. “Try the switch next to you.”
“Why do you think you are a burden? Tell us.”
“Where are they all?”
Phew. Safe from sounding creepy.
None of the cars had been missing. Damn the glass walls, need to change that. Now he would have to answer all their questions. Insufferable questions.
“Steve…Thanks. What… What happened last night?”
Steve returned to Tony’s side, perching on the edge of the bed. Steve trailed his hand through Tony’s hair, Tony’s eyes shut tight against the remaining light. They became enveloped in a peaceful and amiable silence.
“Sir-“
“Don’t go… please…”
The words came out slurred but the message got across. His wardrobe door opened, revealing his suitcase suit. He put it on, shattered the window with his Repulsor, and took a few unsteady steps before taking flight. He had no clue where he was going, all he knew was that he wanted to get as far away as he could from the pity and the rage and the people who cared about him… Oh god why was he leaving? Was it really such a foreign concept that people actually cared? He landed atop of the Statue of Liberty, sitting on the peak of her torch. He was still clutching his bottle, cradling it in his arms. He began taking small sips, trying to calm his nerves.
He landed with a thud, damaging the pavement beneath him. Already he could feel gunfire ricocheting off of his armour. Repulsors poised and ready to fire, he took a cursory glance to acquire his target. Locked, prepped, and fired. Target subdued. The constant fire of bullets knocked Stark off his feet, losing balance and stumbling forward. He turned and aimed a solid punch to the nearest baddy. The guy doubled over, and was sent flying into a coffee stand, scattering coffee beans to the ground. Without looking, Tony aimed a Repulsor at the guy who was about to attack Captain America.
“You are ill. Please rely on us. Just for a couple of days. Just until you are well. You won’t be a burden. Let us look after you,” Clint said rationally.
“Jarvis is never mistaken.”
“Tony. Tony.”
Someone was aiming a gun at Captain America’s back. Darting forward Tony grabbed Steve’s shield and protected their back. The blast ricocheted, vaporising a nearby lamppost.
“Jarvis, cut the holograms.”
Tony pouted like a petulant child.
“Tony, you don’t look too good.”
“We need to get him to a hospital. He has a temperature and I think he is hallucinating.”
That earned Jarvis a frown and a threat.
She looked ready to cry or scream. Maybe both.
He turned to face her, catching her throw a knife into someone who as wrestling against Hawkeye.
Tony looked at him doubtfully, eyebrows raised to his hairline.
“Must be the coffee,” he murmured, “I need to get this finished. More coffee, always more coffee.”
“Urm… thanks. For this. I… yeah.”
“Warm.”
She stared pointedly at the stained coffee cups balanced precariously on a stack of papers, and the mouldy remains of what she could only hope was spaghetti. Otherwise she would definitely have to call an exterminator to remove whatever was festering down here.
“You took off your suit in the middle of the street. Can I please buy you pyjamas? You seemed convinced that boxer shorts were enough. They weren’t.”
His voice thundered over the soft classical music that Banner must have put on.
“I… I don’t know.”
“I’m fine.”
“I’m just a burden.”
“It would be worth it sir, if it meant your health improved.”
Tony snuck off early the next morning. It was too weird sleeping in the same bed as him. Tony made a few calls and the window in his room was repaired within hours. After all, he was a Stark. The illness had passed and the hangover had gone. So he hid himself from Steve, he should not get used to being looked after. It wouldn’t last. It couldn’t last. Getting close to him was a mistake, a huge, giant, dumb mistake. One he prayed he could repeat.
“How long was I out for?” he asked weakly.
“Yeah, yup, I’ll get right on it.”
“But that is how you designed me Sir.”
“Sir, your body temperature is still elevated. You are not completely healthy yet. I recommend returning home.”
He was feeling a little better, still hot and cold but no longer lava and glacial, so Tony decided to stretch his legs. They hadn’t seen much use in the past week, having been forced into bed rest. Heavy and leaden, he took a few cautious steps, aiming for the kitchen, aiming for a coffee. Pouring himself a cup, he pondered the silence of his house. Eerily silent. Then a clatter of metal on stone. Tony swore using all the expletives he knew. They were in his workshop. Thundering down the stairs, puffing himself up to yell, to scream at them for getting near his toys. Although all the wind was gone from his sails as he approached the bottom step. They had tidied up, everything was neat, organised. No plates, mugs in sight. Nuts and Bolts, organised, categorised. Springs swept away. Wires tidied by length and material. Dummy was ‘helping’ by dropping a wrench on Clint’s foot, if the way he was hopping about was anything to go by. Stunned silence. He could not move a muscle. Why would they do that? He was being a burden again.
“Tony, please let’s get you home.”
“Me neither,” deep and booming.
Her voice sounded panicked, but Tony slipped away again before she could say anymore.
“Learning software, he has learnt to be wrong from Clint.”
“Send me the co-ordinates now.”
He turned sharply on his heel but before ascending the stairs he glanced back. Come on. His brain could do this. He gestured vaguely to the workshop.
“Pepper tidied up,” corrected Steve.
“Steve?”
A bed. Lovely and warm. Soft downy pillows. Arms wrapped around him. Wait. That’s not right. He couldn’t remember picking anyone up. Although he was blackout drunk. The arms were most definitely not female. The hands that had entwined with his were too masculine. He absolutely positively had not picked anyone up last night. Nope, no way. So why was someone next to him, pressing a very muscly chest into his back? God did the warmth feel pleasurable. He unravelled himself from the body next to him, and pushed himself into sitting position. He was in his own house, the view out of the window proved that, though not his own room. The figure next to him shifted, pulling the sheets over his face. Damn, couldn’t figure out who without seeing the face and risk waking them up. This would be awkward enough to explain as it is. Looking around for a clue, anything to give away who he had… urm… visited in the night. There was nothing. The room was oddly empty. Well that was clue enough. Clint kept his bow and a quiver of arrows next to the bed all the time. Natasha kept throwing knives at the door when she was bored, no marks on the door. Banner often had some experiment running. No test tubes, petri dishes, chemicals. So that left Thor and Steve. The body was too small to be Thor. Oh god. It was Steve. Why was it always Steve? With a groan and unusual care he slid soundlessly from the bed. The movement did not do anything for the hangover coming thick and fast. Tony dropped to his knees clutching his head and stomach, each doing flips in turn. It felt nauseating. He must have made some silent noise or disturbed the air pressure or blinked too loudly because those super serum enhanced senses became alert to his presence and made sure he was being held tight through the migraine that overcame him. Once the pain lessened, Tony looked up and timidly hugged back Steve. He felt so small and infantile, burying his face into Steve’s chest. And the agony returned as quickly as it left. Tony was shaking, curling up to be as small as possible, his legs drawn up, chin pressed into his chest. His shoulders shook, dry sobs overcoming him as his body ached. Strong, capable arms lifted him and carried him back to the bed. Blinds were drawn, covers wrapped around him. Steve turned to leave, but something caught him. A tight grip around his wrist held him back.
An arrow whizzed past his ear into someone attempting to garrotte Thor. Foolish move really, they could barely reach his neck.
Someone was clicking in front of his face, female voice. Through bleary eyes, Tony could make out a dark blue dress and golden hair.
Tony flinched at the sudden anger in his voice, the unexpected rage that lit his eyes.
“At the water’s edge sir. He is trying to get a boat.”
“And they didn’t believe you?”
“I’m not hungry.”
“You had drank far too much, we weren’t even halfway home before you blacked out. I had to carry you the rest of the way. The amount you drank, you are lucky you aren’t dead or in hospital.”
Tony could hear the panic rising in his voice, despite himself. This shouldn’t panic him, he could deal with it alone, he had dealt with it alone before. Well semi-alone, he needed Jarvis to run interference. He sat down on his workbench, trying to listen to Jarvis’ response. It sounded like he was underwater. It felt like he was drowning. Breathing laboured, he heaved himself into one of his cars.
“Sir, your temperature is dangerously high. If you do not consult a medical professional I will be forced to tell the others of your condition.”
“Well, after you stormed upstairs you… well you smashed your bedroom window. I ran up after you and saw you fly off. I have no idea if this was before or after you started drinking, but I asked Jarvis to track you and tell me when you had landed. It was about 1am when you eventually landed at the Statue of Liberty. I followed you out there, and you eventually came down. You drank an entire bottle of scotch by the end of the night. You…”
“It’s been an hour Tony. We spoke to the doctor and he says if you behave we can get you home in a few hours. The pneumonia was less serious than expected. You need rest, antibiotics, fluids, and to stay away from the germ riddled hole you call a workshop.”
“I have told Steve where you are.”
Tony spun round to his seven, just as someone fired. Quicker than light (or at least it seemed that way) Black Widow swept his legs from under him, causing the blast to just miss him. Just. Parts of the suit were disintegrating away from his left shoulder.
“Me neither,” calm and collected.
But Jarvis’ advice fell on deaf ears as Tony slumped over in the back seat.
For once, Dummy did as ordered with a decent degree of accuracy. A plastic tool box, luckily empty, consequently became filled. Tony shuddered as he retched, tears stinging his eyes.
This stunned Tony into silence. Something cared. In his sleep deprived state had he altered the programming? No, no, learning AI. But who was he learning from?
“They asked where you went.”
The protests fell on deaf ears as suddenly Stark’s body was lurched upwards, two sturdy arms, real, physical arms around his shoulders supported him when his legs could not.
“Why do you think you are a burden?”
Tony shook his head, he shouldn’t rely on people. The years had taught him that. Self-reliant. Independent. He had been since childhood. Natasha nodded.
Shrugging off the shoulder Tony flew off aiming for home, leaving the others behind, tiny ants on the pavement.
“NOW. What are you doing in my workshop! Get out. I will not be your burden.”
“I told you I didn’t want to be a burden,” Tony stated resolutely.
“Us neither,” two voices in unison, sharp and higher pitched, the other steady but sounding thick and muffled.
“Tony, you should stop with the coffee and eat something,” Pepper glanced round, nose crinkled in disgust, “and clean up. You aren’t a child.”
Steve blushed a bright pink hue, Tony could see it reach his ears and neck.
“Tony, where have you been?”
Tony flashed his winning smile, used to avoid jail sentences and getting him out of Senate committee meetings. But Steve did not relent, and Tony sulked for the rest of his hospital stay.
“His temperature is still high. He is likely to remain unconscious for a while longer.”
“No.”
“You…”
All of this was said staring at the floor, tone dripping with bitterness, resentment, defeat. He began removing his suit, only vaguely aware that it was 2am and he was in pyjamas.
“But-“
“Out, didn’t Jarvis tell you?”
“Of course sir. You have been shaking since you put on the suit, your temperature is 39.2 c, and you have sneezed seventeen times since stepping outside, all of which suggest that you are ill with-“
Tony’s voice was fierce.
“No Jarvis, diagnostics on me,” Tony cut in.
A laugh, deep and musical.
“That’s never good.”
His brain had shut down. The virus was taking over. It would not restart. Tech support, tech support, he needed tech support. Pulling open a draw in his side table, digging under old patent papers and leftover parts, cogs, wires, the usual junk, he found it. A bottle of scotch. He undid the top with his teeth, drinking copious amounts. His mind was blank, peaceful. He felt so free. Floaty. Soon half the bottle was gone. He giggled with childlike innocence and glee. When was the last time he laughed? He felt so blissful and numb. He wanted to fly. Off and away. He could fly. He had found a way.
Slowly changing. Bruce. Tony was suffocating in panic now. Another change. The tall towering figure of Thor. The holograms’ mouths were moving but no sound seemed to reach Tony’s ears. It was Thor, people could hear him three blocks away. They had had the noise complaints. Another shift. Steve. Tony was sinking lower and lower into the black, cold, darkness. A cool hand reached down to him, placing itself on his forehead. A disjointed voice called to him, cutting through the silence that enveloped him.
“You… do you really consider yourself a burden to us?”
Right to it then? Tony sunk to the ground, too tired and ill and drunk to be able to maintain his mask, to keep his walls up.
“We haven’t seen him eat since three weeks ago, Monday.”
“I don’t do family.”
“Tony, are you okay?”
“Tony, Tony wake up.”
Steve shrugged, in a ‘well what did you think I would do’ kind of way.
“Thank your lucky stars. But well… I couldn’t put you in your own room. You’d freeze with that smashed window. So I stuck you in here. I sat on the bed next to you, to make sure you didn’t choke on your own vomit. And well you were shivering. So I put my arms around you. Tried to give you some of my body heat, avoid you getting hypothermia, daft idiot. And I guess I must have fallen asleep.”
“No?”
“You don’t even get how to use my bloody kitchen.”
“Steve-“ started Tony feebly before promptly vomiting up stomach acid across the floor.
“In conclusion, we are all staying right here,” female, sounding tired.
“Did you make this?”
Tony’s brown eyes searched for the piecing blue ones. Hunting in the blackness surrounding him, he found those eyes drawing him up from the depths.
“Tony. Tony, look at me.”
“Sir, I do not recommend this course of action.”
With a roll of her eyes and a reproachful look, Pepper carried up the plate and the scattered array of mugs. Tony watched as she left and sighed. He really should clean more. At least it stops Pepper getting annoyed at him. The world still felt far too warm. Maybe a quick flight would cool him down.
Steve had moved closer, too close. Tony could feel the heat radiating off of his body (had the soldier serum turned him into a radiator?), making him uncomfortable, warm and left him feverish. Feeling flushed he made a break for his sanctuary.
“I’m not ill, I don’t need these.”
He reached out to shake her hand from his shoulder, but it went straight through. The hand was there but not there?
“Yuh-huh, I’ll… I’ll get right on that. Top of my list,” replied Tony, barely listening as he fiddled with wires and casing on his workbench.
He was ignored. It was just Steve and Tony left in the little private hospital room. Natasha and Clint had been called by Coulson, Banner had wandered off. Thor was booming about something a few floors below. Pepper had also gone. Just Tony and Steve.
Tony ducked as Rodgers frisbeed his shield, knocking a guy clean off his feet.
“I know how to use the hob and blender.”
“It was no problem.”
“Jarvis must have been mistaken. I was out, I went for a fly about.”
Steve began looking pointedly at the pills. Tony rolled his eyes, dry swallowed the pills with a grimace and then began devouring his soup. It tasted delicious, a lovely mix between tart tomatoes and rich cream. Tony smiled a wide grin. Steve pushed forward the glass of water, which Tony snatched at, and drank it in three long gulps. The glass was instantly refilled. Once the soup bowl was nearly licked clean, Tony’s eyes fluttered shut. He hated being so weak. He hated having to rely on others. He hated being mollycoddled. It repulsed him. So why was he enjoying the hand stroking through his hair as he drifted off.
“It was wonderful to hug you.”
Age five. He could just about remember it. The horrible feeling of bile rising in his throat. The empty ache of his stomach. The burning acidic after-taste. His mom had hugged him once when he was ill with a stomach bug. That was a long time ago. His father had reprimanded her for mollycoddling him. That at least he was being quiet. That he’d be fine in a couple of days, leave him alone to get over it. That otherwise other people, more important people, would get ill. Age eleven, just after he had been shipped off to boarding school. Headaches, not just his regular dull-throbbing-without-coffee headaches that he experienced now, but full-blown migraines. Light hurt his eyes, noises pounded on his brain, muscles ached from the simplest of movements. The school nurse was long gone, some vacation day or holiday. Tony hadn’t cared. The replacement found his attitude insufferable (justifiably, even Tony had to admit) and let him be. He had been too stubborn to admit how bad he really felt, he didn’t want to make her sick. So she tossed him paracetamol, told him to stop being a pain in her ass and a burden and stated to him that he should just sleep it off. Pointless really, even back then insomnia plagued him. But age twenty-one had been the worst. He had caught stomach flu abroad. He felt like he had vomited up everything he had ever eaten in his life, the taste of iron blood left in his mouth. No water would remove the dryness from his mouth (nor would any alcoholic cocktail, but at least it dulled the pain). He had lost so much weight. He kept his illness hidden from any tabloids, but they noticed his sudden skeletal appearance. Luckily they put it down to the stress of taking over Stark Industries. Don’t be a burden, mustn’t be a burden. Rely on no one.
Fine, want to be like that? He’s dumping Tony’s ass in DC and driving home. Alone.
He falls back onto his knees, hands hovering over Tony’s stomach, not quite sure where to put them. There’s a metal rod, long and rusty and
“Does anyone know about this?” There’s a level of intensity in the way he holds himself, like he’s
“I do, Tony.” The surge of confidence shines in his eyes. “I believe there’s a good man under the pain, the suffering. I know you.”
“He was my childhood friend. He died in the War.”
They exit the elevator as Avengers towing their respective erections.
He knows how to work that body. He knows how far back Tony can bend, how tense his muscles can go before they tear. Tony
“Public displays of affection make people very uncomfortable.”
“I should call Pepper.” He raps on the helmet’s forehead with a split knuckle, and detaches the cables.
A vague brush of desiccated knuckles on the back of his wrist almost had him unleash the Extremis. Tony starts and looks around, and his stomach stutters when
“Christ, Rogers –”
“I just finished thinking,” Tony suddenly exclaims.
Clenching his teeth, he pushes himself up, his shield firmly tucked around his left forearm. It still stinks of chemicals Forensics used to lift fingerprints of Fury’s assassin. They were hopeful. Steve after all was the only one so far who had engaged the metal-armed man in combat. Flung his shield at the back of his skull with non-lethal force, only for it to be caught in mid-air and returned with double the force.
I might actually stand a chance."
He rolls his eyes and kisses Peter's nose. "Sure, bud. JARVIS, you'll-"
The brunet sighs exasperatedly. "Why would only Harry and Peter come out? They're not exactly having a smoke break. Why leave...those other ones inside?"
The door to the balcony opens and Peter is sweaty from playing and he pouts. "No! More butterflies!" He demands, jumping up and down on the spot.
Turns out the boy has been patient and good. He gets off the couch and walks over to Steve slowly, and places his tiny hands on his knees. Steve stares down at him like Peter hung the moon in the sky and Tony knows the feeling- the whole world is shifting, everything that matters is changing and the most important thing in the world- is now this little boy. "Peter," Steve whispers; wretched.
"After taking down all your security guys," Steve barrels on, shaking his head. "Tony, you do not get to lecture me about parental figures. That kid is my son just as much as he is yours and you have to set aside whatever hatred you have towards me and understand that."
He opens his mouth to speak, when Peter's head perks up and cocks, like a dog who can hear someone at the door right before-
"Yeah." He turns to look out the window, where JARVIS is projecting holographic butterflies and Peter is running around like the bundle of energy he is; jumping and swiping at them, confused when they don't land in his hand. Tony thinks maybe that scientist added some cat DNA in there too. He's downplaying everything, of course. All of this is...too heavy. They'd buckle under the weight of it. There was a time, a simpler time, where Tony and Steve had talked about adopting, so this- this in some cruel twist of fate is a dream come true. There was a time where the look of awe and pain on Steve's face wouldn't exist and this penthouse at the top of Stark Tower wouldn't just be for two. He can't handle Steve's look of 'on the brink of tears' because it makes him feel bad and he shouldn't have to feel bad. He's been a fucking spectacular father for the past four years. "Took you longer than I thought it would."
Peter leans back and nods solemnly. "Always." He declares, and Tony watches as Steve bites back a laugh.
Tony simply lifts the paper out of reach. "Do you know what this is, Steve?" He asks, and Steve shakes his head. He couldn't even begin to guess. It has to be big if it's making Tony react like this.
"Dad, dad, no," Peter insists, so sincere that Tony relaxes minutely. "Okay, it's like this. You...you and Pop are amazing. You've given me everything I've ever wanted, but that makes me feel like sometimes-" he looks up at the ceiling and Steve watches intently. "Sometimes it's like I haven't
"Thank you very much," he thanks politely, and Peter shrugs like it isn't anything and goes back to chomping away. His enormous brown eyes keep looking between them and Tony wonders how much the kid is taking in. Can he read the lines of tension between them? Does he know something important is coming? Can he sense, in the way that only kids can, the aura of history that reeks in the air like a bad smell? Tony watches as Steve eats the carrot stick in one bite and sighs because he's the one who has to do this.
He beams, looking very proud of himself because that's the magic word. Tony knew this was coming, which is why he stops outside the little cafe with perfect timing. He really is excellent. The singular waitress nods, trying not to look star-struck as she ushers them in. She makes a swooning sigh at what is presumably Steve behind them, but she knows better than to comment.
"Tony," Steve says firmly, shaking his head. "Peter obviously didn't mean to hurt anyone. Why don't we let him explain?"
Steve hums; framed by sunlight as he sips his tea. "I bet you've got it all planned out." He says, again not a judgement. If Tony had to guess, he'd say Steve sounds...fond.
Tony uses his molars to crush the tip of his tongue while he pours himself some scotch. He drains it pretty quickly before screwing the cap back on because he doesn't thing the first Avenger here is going to accept a drink at three in the afternoon. "Mmhm." He answers, steeling himself. "So, yeah, turns out this creepy scientist guy wanted to make the ultimate superhero yada yada. Being of, well,
dick. He's explained that everyone is half and half of two people, and whenever Peter had asked who the other one was, Tony had just said they'd come by someday if he was patient and good.
Steve shakes his head and turns to watch Peter play on the balcony. "You should have told me, Tony." His voice is thick with grief over lost years.
Peter climbs onto his lap and hugs him. "Papa," he declares and Steve wraps his arms tight around him like he's never ever going to let him go.
Peter kicks his feet in the air and giggles with his insanely high-pitched voice. "Can I play on the balcony?" He asks, waggling like a puppy.
Who is that? It's a very good question, Tony thinks. There are a hundred ways to answer it. "One of daddy's old work colleagues." He says hoarsely, understatement of the century, getting to his feet and scooping Peter up with him. "Why don't you go and watch tv for a bit, hm?
Truth be told, Steve forgets about it. Peter is a good kid and Tony has a penchant for paranoia, if he's honest, so he lets it alone and carries on living domestic and parental bliss- interspersed with the odd 'saving the world' gimmick he has going on. And then the serenity all comes to a breaking point on a sunny April Saturday morning. When Steve wakes up, he doesn't know what he's in for. All he knows is that when he reaches out for his husband, he's not there. So, he groans, stretches and pushes himself out of the warm bed to head to the kitchen.
he can feel it throbbing in his veins. He can remember everything so vividly: Steve walking out, their differences building to breaking point and all the things that Steve had accused him of. Tony doesn't want to think about the actual words but he remembers the gist. He's controlling and Steve hadn't been able to see out from under his thumb. It's a load of bullshit is what it is. Their irreconcilable differences had been political, not personal, and Steve had been too far up his own ass to see that and compartmentalise like any normal person in a relationship. He takes a deep breath, and partly because he has grown up, but also because he wants to show Steve that he's grown up, he calms down. He's not doing it to impress anyone, more to...to spite them. A bit of
Steve: who's still staring out through the glass at Peter.
He watches as his husband hovers awkwardly by the counter. Peter stiffens but doesn't look up from where he's prodding at something metal.
"Four years." He reminds, "he's saved the earth, he's saved other planets, he's risked his life. He's changed, Mr American Flag. In the way that some people do. And in the way that other people don't." He isn't sure quite what he means, but it has an impact which is all he cares about. Steve looks...he looks tortured. Tony feels guilt well up inside him again. Jesus, what is with that? "Okay, enough of this. Peter," he clears his throat and Peter stops trying to make a tower out of carrot sticks. "We need to talk to you."
Steve jerks towards him like he's been slapped. "I found out two days ago, Tony." He says, voice hard but even. "I came as soon as I found out. I would have been here earlier if you'd only-"
Steve looks outraged and he steps up onto the raised platform on the kitchen. "Tony," he growls, "if you'd swallowed your pride and called me I would have come back-"
The look on his face nearly breaks the brunet. Steve's lips part wordlessly and his eyes shimmer in the afternoon sunlight streaming in through the window. He takes another step forward but it's like all the wind has been knocked out of him. Tony is beginning to feel the first, infuriating flickers of guilt ebbing through him and he clenches his jaw viciously against the onslaught of emotion. Oh no. No. He is not going to be made guilty for this. Peter scrunches his nose and turns to look over his shoulder again, startled at the sight of the broad, well-defined man. "Daddy," he stage whispers, "who's that?"
"Hey, Tony, why are all your security guards passed out?" Natasha asks, reeling to a stop at the sight of Steve. Tony buries his head in his hands as Steve stands up, nodding his head slightly. "Okay. I didn't realise, that-" she gestures to the hallway, "-makes sense now. Okay." She looks at Tony, who meets her eye as she gives him a supportive glance. "It's good to see you again, Captain." Is all she says to Steve, even though she knows how hard this has been for Tony. She can be magnanimous like that sometimes. Especially when Peter is involved. "Hey, mini-monster." She greets as soon as Peter sticks his head out from behind the large figure of Steve.
"That's all you though." He points out, proud of the way Steve relaxes and reaches out for a piece of the crunchy, orange vegetable.
He grins and salutes her, watching as she struts out. She disappears as gracefully and seamlessly as she arrived, and they're back where they started except-
"Nah," Tony murmurs, voice barely above a whisper, "it was all anonymous. I checked. They accepted you for you, bud."
Tony has a propensity towards...spoiling.
"Loki?" Steve spits with disgust but Tony waves him off.
The door slides open, disappearing into the wall and Tony has to look away because it hurts.
"But, dad-"
"The truth." He supplies, "I plan for things. I knew this day would come eventually. JARVIS."
He hisses, "let's get that one thing straight. He is my son. You don't get to waltz in here-"
Peter summons a small smile.
"Dad," Peter cuts him off, pulling him in for a hug. "Don't be."
"He gets sleepy otherwise," Tony finishes quietly, remembering Peter at a few months old. He'd slept so much and they hadn't been able to figure out why until Banner had put two and two together. "We have monthly checkups with Bruce." He almost wants to nod approvingly when he sees Steve repeating the words silently; committing them to memory. He respects that.
Leave no stones unturned. Send an hourly report direct to the Avengers line, and any sighting of Stark is to be reported via Avengers comm
Steve’s eyes narrowed in the dimness as he watches Tony making a fool of himself trying to stand up. “He’s not a friend?”
“He said, there’s a ninety-seven percent chance of this failing. The odds are stacked against me. I was a goner. I accepted that.” For good measure, he jabs a finger into Steve’s chest. “And don’t baby me. My life, my decision.”
“That’s odd. I can look for the pants, but if you don’t mind draping the towels over your waist – yes, like that.”
Tony raises his hand, and her lips tremble with suppressed fury. “Pepper, enough. General.” Out of the frying pan, and into the fire. “Surely you don’t mean to come all the way from New York to tell us how genetically special we are.”
The elevator chimes, “Welcome home, Mr Stark” and still they remain huddled in their respective corner, neither making the first move to get out. So, the door closes again.
thin air.
“Sure you do. And that is why, Miss Potts, you make a better CEO than I ever will be.” Suddenly, the very air in his lungs feels so much sweeter. “I owe you one, Pep. Thank you. For believing in me.”
“It’s all right, calm down, Tony.”
Oh, boy. Still, there’s no need to be shy here, is there? The extra self-consciousness comes from having to strip before another man whose physique is every bit of Aryan perfection, whereas Tony himself is everything but.
He wants it, he doesn’t want it, he wants it, he got to
is suddenly deafening, and from the tail of his eye, he glimpses upon
This job… is rife with death the putridity doesn’t faze him. Doesn’t faze Steve. Doesn’t mean it gets easier with time. He excuses himself – Steve’s gaze follows him – and takes the right turn. He leans against the wall, and smiles glumly at a trainee nurse minding her station.
The whizz of a zipper being pulled down cuts through the hanging tension. His button comes undone. The belt buckle catches the glow of the recessed lighting above. Steve drops to his knees next, and all kinds of alarms go off in Tony’s noggin. He reclines further into the desk, and for the umpteenth time in the last hour, doesn’t know what to do with his hands.
“If you’re already working in a secret office,” Steve grunts as he throws his weight at the shelves, tugging them to a side. It gives, it parts, to reveal a hidden elevator. Those older ones with railings for a door and a lever to operate. “After you.”
“No.”
Three hours is also plenty enough for him to decode what turns out to be a
“Fuck –”
The lack of light is screwing up his mind. Focus! He has Mark 42 bracelet clutching his wrist. He’s heeding Steve’s advice like a good soldier. He’s protected.
He can hear the cogs whirring in Tony’s head, no doubt running through hundreds of bullshits he thinks he can get pass Steve’s radar. Kudos for effort, but five years of hanging out with Howard Stark during the War had him prepared constantly – mentally and physically – for anything and everything. The same precociousness runs in the blood, and Steve is willing to bet all his 40’s monies that
“… I just lost two years off my lifespan.” Which reminds him. “It’s ten fifteen. Give me five minutes. HYDRA files will be making waves on the Net, and you can go to town with them.”
“So… tired.”
“Oh,” and both his and the newcomer’s eyebrows fly so high up that they disappear into their respective hairlines. All the nanofiber coating does is give him a neat lady appearance. “Um,” he tries again, raising his pitch by an octave and running a finger along his collar. “Hey, there. I’m fine, I’m just… working.” Good God, he sounds like a Tellytubby.
the order. Does things by the book, because in the big cheese he trusts. He’s whatever colour they paint him.
Innocent until proven guilty? Not anymore. This is in every way worse than having his head held underwater until he builds the Jericho because now, even dying won’t stop the baddies from winning.
to build things doesn’t happen overnight. Not even for Tony Stark. He’s torn things apart.
He’ll leave.
croaks at the sight of them, draped in a white hospital gown and half-reclined on his bed. Wires and tubes snake around him, but he has never looked more alive. “Lacerated spinal column, cracked sternum, shattered collarbone, perforated liver, one hell of a headache. Your visiting is my best kind of painkillers.” His lone eye twinkle with excitement. “Welcome aboard, gentlemen.”
He doubles back to the impressive crater where the suit impacted and drags the hunk of metal to the bodock tree again. A thick shrubbery surrounds it, and the grass about them have a nice, healthy glow of chlorophyll to them. Not much traffic, he deduces. He stows the courageous Mark 35 between branches and twigs and God, this is… he has hit the lowest point of his year.
Tony drains half a water bottle in one go, and wipes his mouth brusquely with the back of his hand. “What’s missing is AC/DC blasting ‘Back in Black’ from the radio, close-ups on the tyre and rim as we blaze down the ‘Highway to Hell’. Perfect. Just you and me and a… uh, decapitated Iron Man. We got food, we got water to last us a week. Your shield.” He trails off for one full second and goes, “Pardon me.” Tony twists around to fetch it, where Steve has tucked between the backseat and his own.
And then five minutes later, Tony is already skulking in the elevator that is ascending to Level Six. Dr Goodman and him part ways without much ado, because there’s absolutely nothing wrong with the X-ray. Tony lifts the film to the lights above, and nothing changes. No shadows, no random, unexplained blobs.
Can’t even cry without the tears evaporating. Too much, too much, too much –
“Anna!”
“It takes
eat for the record, but just enough to sustain his enhanced physiology. The serum has made it so efficient that despite his four-times higher BMR, his intake of expired bread is still about half of Tony’s. Human biology isn’t anywhere near his scope of expertise, but something tells him whatever it is in Tony’s blood, it’s behaving like an inferior version of the super-soldier serum. “No. Eat as much as you need.” Except, Steve has never gone up in flames, and he doesn’t want Tony to try just to prove a point.
at us. And I look ridiculous wearing an Iron Man helmet while idling at the gas station, all right? I look like I want to mug the cash register. Which is rather tempting... don’t tell Steve I said that.”
When in the quiet, Tony finally turns around to pat him on his head – gentle fingers running through his hair and pawing his scalp – he lets the tears run freely.
“Lie face down.” Tony scoots to the other side of the bed, when Steve waves his hand vaguely. “You’ll have to take your robes off. There’s a pair of pants and some towels over there that you can use.”
“Which hospital?”
“I said ‘breakfast’. Hungry?”
person we can count on to disable the fleet.”
“Whatever gives you that impression? God… I feel sick,” and promptly retches at the mat. Because Steve is Steve, he acquiesces and sidles to the ground, surrendering to the fate of babysitting one genius-billionaire for the next two hours or so. Services rendered though sadly, not monetarily compensated.
you can open that caviar.”
He can MacGyver the crap out of his bad luck.
“Where’s Tony?”
sharpens –
“… Sir, I suspect he’s Captain Rogers. I can’t identify his company from this distance.”
Not really. At least he has a full moon and the stars to guide his way.
“… Spare him. He’s no use to you dead. Killing him won’t change anything.” Steve’s trembles worsen as he speaks, and Tony holds on to him tighter. Can’t believe after jumping through hoops of fire, a bleak sequel awaits. There is no turning back, no more returning to the time before he went on national TV and screamed I’m-Iron-Man into the cameras. Teach him not to run his mouth, didn’t it? Ross, a Winter Soldier on the loose, the Extremis. Accountability for his tech. A bloodless legacy. A promising future?
The prattle of a
“That’s just low.”
Steve grunts as his fist collides into the dead weight, and the chains rattle with renewed vigour. He draws a deep breath – he’s better than this, he’s not
Red Snapper – Mark 35, he vaguely recalls – swoops in and in a neat display of brilliant engineering, opens to welcome him into its belly. He’s home, encased in a near-indestructible shell of titanium alloy, a prototype he builds with the functionality of a Leopard 2A7 – pretty kickass tank, he thinks – in mind.
Steve’s forearm swells as what feels like white-hot iron clamps over it that he instinctively pulls away, but Tony is not letting go.
He releases the catch and pulls the reactor out of the casing, taking care to keep the electromagnet attached. This is fine, the reactor is just a battery, as long as he doesn’t pull it out like a freaking trout, his heart is going to be just fine.
“Steve!”
“Stark, final warning –”
“Mm. Good thinking.”
More. There’s always
So, he walks. He walks although Steve hasn’t started the car despite hogging the driver’s seat for a while now. Still can’t hear the engine revving by the time Tony takes the left turn and loses sight of the road.
“… Sure you all do.” Tony clears his throat some more, and pulls his cup of coffee to his lips. “So, going back to school, huh? Which one? What programme?”
on the incense. Tony takes his clothes off and puts on the disposable pants arranged neatly atop a stack of towels, and waits. Which fortunately doesn’t take long because time is another thing he’s hard-strapped for, and holy shit –
The workshop automated door won’t open fast enough, so he turns his body sideway to slip through it, and then he bounds two steps at once all the way up to the foyer –
A metallic grey – through and through, so Mark XIII? – freefalls behind him, and its latches work to admit his body into the suit’s belly. It’s not over – not until the system goes online upon recognition of his biometrics and honest to God, if JARVIS asks once more for his favourite colour he
Steve goes noticeably quiet, and Tony takes advantage of it. “Nick’s biometrics is required to access and authorise the more sensitive aspects of Insight. He’s the one calling the shot. So, I feel like giving
“Captain, we are twenty minutes to drop-off.
This must be Tony’s lucky day, to have escaped what must be like chores to him by the skin of his teeth. The radars are up, the systems are functional. There’s no need for an engineer working overtime here. Instead of celebrating or gloating at Steve for the wasted effort of making the four-hour trip down to DC, he pales considerably, his chest heaving with exertion.
When he realises he’s going through checkboxes to live his life, he knows he’s screwed. Fun was as simple as trading train fare for a hotdog, and ending up trekking halfway across the country to get back home. Self-actualisation was him standing up against an idiot who made too much noise in the cinema, and winding up with a broken nose for the trouble.
Steve does take the Quinjet down to back Tony up after he’s done with the Cineplex, mostly out of prudence than necessity. To his non-surprise, all malicious tech and folks have been rounded up and secured with some cutting edge, nigh-unbreakable handcuffs that glow strangely in blue. It’s Tinseltown with every piece of Starkware.
. Currently throwing tantrum in the kitchen, which is all the way out back from where he is.
“We got work to do.”
“We’ll have to compensate SHIELD for breach of contract.”
“Nonsense.” Tony turns the tablet around to look at it again. Steve doesn’t need it anyway. He recognises it anywhere. “You know him? I know everybody you hang out with, Steve.”
Tony kind of misses the time someone ask him how his day goes. Last time this happened was three months ago? Over a cold spread of dinner, and only because he and the girlfriend-of-the-season felt that fifteen minutes of silent chewing wasn’t bearable anymore. “Let’s just say at this rate, I’m gonna be in San Diego for a while.” Long fingers trace down the curvature of his spine, and they dwell in the dimples of his waist. His towel lies precariously atop his buttocks, where Steve’s knuckles barely graze the hem where he works. “How do you know I’m here for work?”
, that’s game over. Rosebud. His hands are tied until the clock says eleven-thirty, so until then, he’s pre-empting. He’s laying out all the possible codes, all possible permutations of offense and defence to bring Insight and SHIELD to a complete digital meltdown. God, he’s been wanting to show SHIELD up for ages, and now
“Just pick it up and toss it outside. It’ll find its way out.”
The tent in his pants is
When they’re finally parked in Tony’s garage, Steve loiters by a workbench, the keys dangling from his fingers.
“Take it. Maybe when you get loose enough, I’ll fuck you just the way you like it.” Steve pauses a fraction, and adds, “You’ll learn to like it.” This is a whole new experience for Tony, who would’ve guessed? Steve can’t keep a straight face for ten minutes when he first learned about it.
Tony rips open the packaging of a breadstick and stuffs it in his mouth. “Nonsense. This is delicious.”
“Get that off the Internet, will you?” Steve exclaims in exasperation. “What message are we sending out to the people? Have you seen the view count on that video clip?”
And, that’s closure for Tony and Steve both. The final piece to the puzzle that Steve doesn’t think solvable after the Goblin’s death. To barricade himself and thirteen bystanders in an intricate trap that guarantees deaths without ransoms suggests the Goblin’s expectations of
“I also need you to hook all the suits onto the servers, and backup everything into the suits’ memory. We’re repurposing House Party Protocol into flash drives.” That’s right. That’s genius right there, turning all Iron Man suits into offline storages capable of self-protection and termination of hostile targets with extreme prejudice. And they are many – forty of them, so good luck to SHIELD catching them all as they fly scattered all over the globe. As for the sitting ducks that are the twelve-cabinets-full of database master servers lining the eastern wall, they’ll be ash by the end of the day.
Mark XVII has been monitoring the US airspace, and radar tells him that he could’ve seen a speck of red and gold in the sky, if he were to poke his head out of the little side window.
“The technology is here.”
“About as well as an annual physical usually goes.”
Tony is awake before he’s asleep… if that makes sense? He props himself up on an elbow, careful not to make a squeak as he rearranges his limbs on the tarp. It’s
(See the end of the chapter for
attractive secretary to refill the copier with paper. “I uh, sprained my back when I tried to lift a stack of paper off the floor.”
“What are you asking of me really?”
Steve chuckles darkly, “Sounds to me you’ve been compartmentalised.”
in the back of Tony’s mind. “You like painting. You can appreciate the art.”
“I’ve got like, five emergency accounts under aliases around the country, in case I needed to go incognito. When things go belly up.”
It’s not even a particularly special date. He kind of missed Mom and Dad’s death anniversary by a couple of months. Can’t bear to visit so soon after all that’d happened. After knowing about the truth behind their accident? Murder. Despite all that, it did shit for his soul. Closure… closure be damned. Tony sighs, troubled, and wonders why he would even bother to drop by and say hey.
“Is this a good idea?” Steve asks hesitantly, as Tony watches the buffering panel on the monitor.
So what if they’re right where SHIELD wants them to be – cornered, without allies and resources? He’s not giving up.
“Now we’re finally on the same page. Thank you. Oh, no, too soon. Call me again tomorrow and
“Your servers and storages are empty. Where is the backup?”
“The Extremis.”
“At your service.”
“Is it here?”
it’s pandemonium
Until next time.
An ugly splotch of reddish purple blooms magnificently under Tony’s right breast. An errant ribbing from an elbow, perhaps. A sucker punch.
unable to ask even one. He confirms this much: Steve
“No. It’s uh, it’s too much trouble. I’ll get it from the lab before debriefing.”
“You’re good to go, Steve.”
Gawking at two men making out on itself is
because –”
Yet amidst the ashes and fire, there are still babies bawling. Chaotic cries flood in from his left and right. He stops to survey the pile of cars ditched haphazardly on the road. He has a job to do, he does. Crowd control.
“Cap, I detect movement in the stairwell.”
“That’s why it’s dangerous, Pep. With that kind of information, it takes only a second to crawl the Net and match that face to a name, or a phone number, or an address – and with the rampancy of personal information sharing on social media, GPS that work twenty-four-seven – there’s not one place a person can be that we won’t know about. You might want to check with Steve what
And the door knob jingles.
“I’ll see you soon, honey!”
in the vaults, zero in the stairwell. The way I see it, we either take the Goblin out,
Hardcore.
Then a phone rings obnoxiously from the basket, and Steve’s hands leap away. Tony would’ve dropped a cluster bomb of choice words if not for the lingering sensation of five fingers trailing the groove of his sternum and ribs.
Then, Tony holds his hand out under Steve’s elbow. The first time he acknowledges Steve since the gay parade.
The boots roar into activity and hover higher in the air, until Steve is completely lifted off the ground. He’s stretched to a human “X”, and is obviously struggling to regain command of his limbs.
“You know, one month after I buried my parents twenty years ago, I realised I’d also inherited all of Dad’s empire. You know the first thing I did with all that money? I bought out the company that manufactured their car. I tore through their design archives – their engines, the hydraulics, the frames –
Clint volunteers to get water from the kitchen, and Steve keeps at it, though a different kind of fear begins to grip his core.
Tony scrabbles to his feet and dashes past the library and spills into the second sitting room. This one has more furniture occupying the negative spaces, plenty of cover – he dives behind the couch and stills his palpitating heart.
It’s a price he is willing to pay. And he’s ready.
At once, Steve refastens his grip over Tony’s wrist. “Stop
“Taxonomists, Sir.”
“… I don’t think so?”
“Hello.”
“… It worked. The injection.”
“Stay focus, Tony. The guests-of-honour and the press will arrive in one hour. We need proof of HYDRA’s footprint in SHIELD by then. Get cracking.”
“Why didn’t you tell us you were ill? Why did you… why did you stay silent? You could have died.”
“Okay, strap his arms down.”
“I tidied up the workshop.”
“GET OUT.”
“I told you cut the holograms. NOW JARVIS. This really isn’t funny.”
Crap. Stupid computer virus brain. Tony turned on his side, pulling the covers over his head, suffocating himself with a pillow. The weight shifted off of the edge of the bed. Great. Tony had scared him away. Burden, burden, burden to him, to them all. A warmth was pressed against him as the mattress sunk down behind him. Arms ensnared him. That toned chest pushed against him. How could he help but hum in delight? Quickly, quietly, they drifted off into a steady sleep.
Tony couldn’t think of anything to say, not to Steve. Just blankness. Like every file had been deleted from his hard drive. All he could do was nod. Everyone stared at him. He pulled a hopefully defiant face.
Tony’s voice was cold and sharp, like glass cutting skin. Suddenly it dawned on him. He was in hospital. How had it taken him so long to realise? He was surrounded by wires and machines and people who he would only ever burden. The next voice that spoke sounded broken, hurt beyond Tony’s comprehension.
His brain seemed to have a virus, it was not acting the way he wanted. He meant to thank them. He meant to apologise for making them look after him. Why did they keep trying to help? Tony screamed at his brain, begging it to reboot, delete that data. He wanted to thank them, not yell. But they all stood there. The looks ranged from startled surprise that he was out of bed (Clint), to anger at being yelled at (Natasha), to stunned (Banner), to something he couldn’t place (Steve). Thor hadn’t even glanced up. He was too busy examining Dummy, prodding at the joints. Steve took a step forwards, hands outstretched as though trying to calm a wild animal.
“Clearly,” she arched an eyebrow, “but Tony, he said you were in the car. None were missing. What were you doing down there?”
Damn. Beaten by his own creation. He drank more of the scotch, before swan diving off the statue. Thrusters activated, he gracefully swooped down, skimming the ocean waters.
Awkward shuffling ensued, a couple of guilty coughs followed.
“Or not. This one doesn’t seem to like rest.”
“Christ, Steve. He has lost so much weight. I can feel his ribs. And look at his face, it’s so pale, so gaunt. He’s like a walking skeleton.”
An echoed yell of protest came from a rooftop above them, as another arrow struck into someone approaching Tony.
Within minutes the Hydra were all gone, either incapacitated or fleeing with their metaphorical tails between their legs. Once the adrenaline faded Tony was struggling to breathe. Hands on his knees, stooped over, trying to suck in as much oxygen as possible. A hand on his shoulder caused him to jump out of his skin. Steve.
Tony would not be ill. He refused to be. It only interferes. Being ill once was enough but Stark had been forced to suffer through it three times. He did not care for the feeling at all.
“Why the hell didn’t you make him eat!”
He felt surrounded by the blue glow of his comrades. Natasha morphed into Clint, grinning down cheekily at him. Black surrounded his field of vision, but Clint remained in the picture.
Tony twitched his fingers. His eyelids felt so heavy. His head, throbbing like it was trying to escape from his skull. A beeping could be heard, gradually quickening. He felt someone turn next to him, the fabric of a coat brushing his arm. Then a chuckle.
“Thanks Widow.”
“What did you tell them?”
Tony smiled faintly. But Pepper stepped up to the bed, raised her hand and Tony felt a sharp sting as well as the heat of pain bloomed on his cheek.
“The reactor core is working well sir, air thrusters have no issues, you should consider oiling around the-“
Downing a coffee and burning his tongue in the process, Tony tapped furiously on his tablet. He was busy trying to produce schematics for his new AI, which was becoming increasingly more difficult with his caffeine fuelled shaking. Wow, he needed to lay off the coffee for a while. Tony moved onto the hologram. At least quivering hands wouldn’t matter so much with those. Discarding away some wiring with a flick of the wrist, Tony suddenly felt boiling hot.
“As you requested I told them you were out.”
Soaring through the air had not made him feel any better. In fact his whole body was shivering. Violently. He felt freezing, glacial even. And Tony’s head was feeling like cotton wool, everything felt muzzy. Didn’t matter though, work to do. He landed heavily on the gravel outside, comforted by solid ground beneath his shaking legs.
“Don’t think you can win this through logic.”
“Why did you come after me?”
“Bin, Bucket, Anything.”
Even saying that took more energy than Stark felt he had. He meandered down to his workshop, removed the suit and sunk to his knees.
“I’m not leaving,” panicked but level.
Tony was tugging at the leather cuffs that held his wrists down to the bed. He was kicking and struggling, desperate to pull himself free.
“No can’t be ill. Can’t get other people ill. Not more important people. No hospital. I refuse.”
“Don’t worry, I’ve got your back. Old age slows you down eh?” Tony grinned like a maniac.
“I am fine Jarvis,” Tony interjected, “just fine. Not ill.”
“I am not ill.”
“I can shut you down, I hope you realise.”
“At least you don’t think we are holograms now.”
Steve’s voice sounded very defensive as he neared the end of his explanation, Stark couldn’t fathom why.
He let himself be pulled up and steered through the streets of New York, still holding onto the nearly empty scotch bottle and his red and gold suitcase.
He began ripping the IV painfully from his arm, pulling off the wires and pushing himself out of bed. Hands immediately began grappling at him, pushing him back down.
Tony waved his hand towards the tray, a drifting aroma causing his stomach to rumble and groan. Steve shifted a little, trying to balance the water jug on his arm as he set the tray on Tony’s lap. He nodded.
“I got you, Steve.”
Tony hums absent-mindedly as he flips it over and over again, eyes roaming over every inch of the vibranium shell. He pulls at the leather strap, taps on the convex side of the shield, and finally runs his palm around the edge.
“OK, Steve.” Gently, Tony pries the tablet locked in his grip. “It’s a common face. The workshop was dark.
The nurse takes one good look at him, and he smiles toothily. She turns to her colleague. “That’s impossible. He shouldn’t even be conscious.”
And then, and then, and then, Tony clutches him by the jaws, and rises from the bed to press his lips against Steve’s. Chaste. Sincere. The shock is enough to send Steve stumbling away, while Tony expertly schools his expression to neutral. How far off the deep end he’s gone? And what should be done next becomes crystal clear.
other heads flicker as they turn away, and Steve sets his fork on his plate with a resounding clank. “Huh. Anyway, since
Four days, no kidding. Even JARVIS doesn’t take his questions anymore. He rides the elevator down to the basement workshop one evening, see if maybe Tony is there. He is. The lights are on, AC/DC blaring from the PA system. As long as Steve doesn’t find a half-rotting corpse slumped over one of those expensive workbenches, it’s fine.
“Take ‘em to church!”
“You already have it,” Steve deadpans. He turns to face Tony fully. “
Hold thy horses there, Steve. There is
And Tony smirks, “Five bucks say I’ll make it.”
Clint packs his bags that evening, and the Tower belongs to Steve and Tony again. Correction: since Tony has taken up permanent residency in his basement workshop, that leaves all two floors of the Avengers living quarters to Steve. What can one man do with all those space? Steve has even taken to napping in the living room, and catching up on SHIELD paperwork in the kitchen and dining room, hoping to bump into Tony on the off-chance he decides to reload his coffee mug or fix a sandwich.
“… We spoke about this, Anna. It’ll be fine. We don’t have to pretend after the transfer. The folks in Tech Support are super cool, they won’t talk.”
? I’m starting to feel like an intellectual disappointment in the face of my forefathers’ achievements.”
“How do I do that?”
“Harvard.”
“If it’s fake news, let it go? It’ll simmer down, given time.”
“No, wait – you can’t enter!”
“I’ll use a different word, but –”
through the glass panes, defenestration be damned. Extremis is already mending the punctures in his flesh. It’s a meagre three-storey drop onto the balcony, nothing he can’t handle. And God, for a fucking minute he thinks he’s due for a meeting with his maker. He blinks the stardust from his vision, and slowly, reality spins into something more solid – as solid as the tarmac cushioning his battered body. He’s on fire again, pain and him as one.
conflicted, torn between hugging Steve for returning in one piece, or punching the light out of his head for the trouble.
Something goes
“Not hungry.”
Tony slams the trunk down that the car itself bounces on its suspension. “I feel like I want to poke these people in the eye for ruining my best week of the month. You just got back from an assignment, I was gonna take you out on a test drive with Mark 42. Now Insight is picking us off one at a time, maybe SHIELD is evil, Mark 42 is scraps, and I’m presumed dead. My life is a sitcom, that’s what.”
"He then said, 'Why not a pilot without a plane?' You're telling me this is the same man who threw his alarm clock out the window and sent an empty suit to the battlefield?"
The game’s up. It was good while it lasted. Steve gets up, and he retakes Tony’s cock in his hands and pumps. He knows Tony’s close. He knows how Tony always moves a little too sharply, breathes a little too unevenly when he’s close –
“Work on it, Stark.” The hand on Tony’s chest swoops upwards to wrap snugly around his throat. His Adam’s apple bobs in Steve’s clutch, the handjob stuttering again. “Breathe,” Steve reminds him. The muscles along his throat flex again, rebelling against the pressure Steve is putting on it.
“… Yes, Sir.”
“I’m not laughing, Steve!”
“I thought the punishment usually comes after the crime. I stand by what I said to Nick, by holding a gun at everyone on Earth and calling it protection? This isn’t freedom. This is fear.”
“Fuck –” Tony leaps off his chair, and lunges for the door. He tries the knob, which doesn’t give, and rams his shoulder headlong into the panel. “Let us out!” Steve is seconds away from busting them out of the truck with a hearty kick – trust him,
But, they’ve come so far! So close to ending this together. Not now, not like this!
“Take this.” Steve presses a set of earpieces into Tony’s palm. They bear SHIELD’s emblem, and Tony scoffs at it. “What if this is routed to HQ? Is it safe?”
“… Welcome to Project Insight, Sir. What will be your next prompt?”
“Looking forward, Cap.”
“It was in my pocket. He took my clothes. Tore them to shreds.”
“Stark,” he bites out, and promptly turns off the lights. The Avengers are still on standby for God’s sake, and that means maintaining sobriety for the next seventy-two hours. Will it kill him to wait until Friday? Seriously?
“Tony?” Steve tries again.
“I try to give you a heads up, but –”
“How many?” Tony gasps as he wipes sweat from his brows. He counts way too many feet in army boots for one metal-armed assassin.
“Just turn it on. They probably know we’re coming.”
He rips it all out from his heart.
A dull hum of nothing interrupts JARVIS, and the lights at the far distance go out without ceremony. It’s easy enough for his eyes to adjust to the darkness, but no matter, the backup generator should kick in any moment now.
He slumps uselessly on the bench and continues his vigil.
“Are you OK?”
“For as long as I can remember, I just wanted to do what was right. I guess I’m not quite sure what that is anymore.” Strange thoughts. He doesn’t give up. He
would’ve – must’ve – come down on her without mercy. She's their only connection to the missing Tony Stark. “That was selfish and stupid and it won’t happen again. And I’m sorry in advance because… I can’t come home yet. There’s something I need to do. You got to stay safe. That’s all I know.” He’s sobbing. His own lips taste too salty.
Steve takes the bait. He goes higher, and higher, and Tony gets harder with each press and prod of those deft fingers.
