They both shook their heads, almost regretfully.
And Tony wasn’t stupid either, so he’d brought along Mark V of the armor, the suitcase nondescript next to all his other luggage. He didn’t think he’d actually need it. And he certainly didn’t think, as Pepper gave him a hug goodbye at the airport, and Happy a cordial wave over the roof of the car, that it might be the last time he’d ever see either of them again.
“I don’t make the rules.” Harry held out a hand. “You gotta pay up, Mr. Stark.”
Steve sat down painstakingly slowly, leaning back against the cold cave wall, right beside his shield.
Tony hums, confused and drawn-out. “Well, yeah. Because I had to present my proposal to R&D.”
And it did, more than he cared to admit — when it rained, when he woke up crying, when someone yelled just a little too loud. Most of the time he could block it out, focus his attention on his work at SI, or being Iron Man, or, now,
“Great. Ratio’s down to one-to-three.”
, per se.
There it was again, the crooked hint of a grin. “In their defense, I don’t think they knew about the dinosaurs.”
than enough, because Tony just smiles and shakes his head, barrelling on before Steve can get a word in edgewise. “But if you think I am, I trust you. And I’m gonna do everything I can to prove you right.
“You know what? I’ll do you one better,” Tony said, leading the way through the dense foliage of the jungle. “If we make it out of here, I’ll give you ten grand each. I probably owe you that much by now anyway.”
“Baby, if I had known you wanted this as much as I do, I would’ve proposed to you months ago. God knows I’ve wanted to about a hundred times since we got together.” Tony’s throat works as he swallows. “The, uh. The only reason I haven’t gone through with it is because, I just, I didn’t think I was husband material. Didn’t think I was good enough for you.” And it must show on Steve’s face, how badly he wants to cut in, to assure Tony that he’s enough, that he’s
“Little bit,” he said, though he bit down on his lip a bit too hard afterwards to be fully convincing.
and down the rest. It probably wouldn’t even matter, another couple sips of truth serum when he already had about three doses of the stuff — more importantly, though, caffeine was still caffeine, and at this point, Tony would take what he could get. “You said it’s supposed to be injected, not ingested, right?” he pointed out, and, with an impressive show of self-restraint, poured the last of the coffee-serum concoction into the sink and rinsed out the mug. “Maybe it won’t even work.”
“Oh. He’s not coming with us, he said you can take us to see the dinosaurs.”
They ran through the dense jungle for a good ten minutes, through mud and muck and low-hanging branches, and then walked for another ten before Tony thought they were far enough from the T-Rex to stop for a moment and get their bearings.
“Ah, finally,” Osborn greeted, gaze directed at one of the boys, the striking resemblance between them clueing Tony in to who the kid was: their hair was the same shade of chestnut brown, tousled identically, their eyes the same blue. Osborn turned his attention to the other boy, just enough to offer a polite smile, before looking back to Tony and Bruce. “Gentlemen, this is my son, Harry, and his friend, Peter Parker. They’ll be joining us for the rest of the weekend. Boys, this is Dr. Banner and Dr. Stark.”
In their defence, spooning was one of the only ways they’d both fit on the bed. They’d tried every other position they could think of, not to mention a few they made up right on the spot. But this was nice enough, if not a bit of a tight squeeze. If Steve closed his eyes, he could pretend that Clint had much better taste in curtains and that the world wasn’t about to be taken over by a homicidal robot sometime soon.
Steve complied easily enough, unfastening his fly and pushing his pants down to his knees, where he seemed to give up afterwards. He gestured vaguely to his feet. “Could you…?”
Steve huffed out a small laugh as he shifted in Tony’s arms, turning around so they could face each other. His eyes were still the same, the rich blue easy to get lost in, as Tony so often did, and so was his smile, though it faltered ever-so-slightly as their gazes finally met.
spiked your coffee with a truth serum.” He paused. “Actually, it was probably the equivalent of three truth serums, in total. I don’t know if that means it’ll be three times as strong, or if it’ll just last three times as long, but, yeah, it’s not good, either way.”
And he’s still getting used to that, calling Tony his fiancé. But Steve figures he shouldn’t worry too much about it, because soon enough—one week’s time—he’ll be able to call him his husband instead. The thought alone warms him from the inside-out, and a shiver of delight runs down his spine.
He forced the smile back to his face, but this time it was softer, sadder, slightly more brittle around the edges. “Yeah,” he assured, waving it off. Steve already wasn’t a good liar as it was, but now he didn’t even seem to be trying. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
Steve huffed out a laugh, lightly smacking Tony’s shoulder. “Oh, c’mon, let me have my moment.”
Tony stepped forward, aiming the gauntlet at the pack leader, and fired. This time, it actually worked, a repulsor beam shooting the velociraptor right in the chest. It was a weaker one than usual, admittedly, and didn’t seem to do any permanent damage, but the shock of the blast seemed to freeze the dinosaur in place, at least for a moment.
“So,” Tony said without dedicating as many calculations to the problem as the rest of Earth’s mightiest heroes, “what you’re saying is, two to a bed and one on the couch?”
“Hey, all he wants to do is help people,” Tony defended. “You just want to make a quick buck.”
Tony waved off whatever possible concern Steve could’ve had, tipped his head back, and took a swig from the flask.
Thank God Osborn had stopped the car just then, because Tony would’ve jumped out of it either way, running up to the huge, towering dinosaur. He was a man of science, after all, a man of technology, of
Tony, gaze assessing, tried to figure out the best way to do this. Or maybe he was just buying time. Field surgery in the middle of unappealing caves was nothing new to him, but being on the other side of said surgery was. Which he tried not to think about, blinking back images of Yinsen leaning over him, expression twisted in sympathy, and rubbing at his chest, at the arc reactor, phantom pains of that first car battery coming back to him.
“What’d you expect?”
It’s so adorable, imagining Tony doodling in his notebook like a lovestruck teenager, that when he actually sweeps into the kitchen a moment later, as if on cue, Steve’s still beaming like an idiot, admiring his ring.
It certainly doesn’t help that whenever he’s asked, a blush crawls up the side of Steve’s neck, a dopey little smile coming over his features, and he shakes his head as he stammers out a half-intelligible response.
When he looked back up, the smile faltered on his face. Because when Bruce looked back at him, his gaze was steely and without any recognition in his eyes.
And that was all Tony needed to know before he was reaching for the case in the passenger seat, but just as his fingertips brushed the handle, the car was suddenly pulled off the tracks, lifted about ten feet into the air, and unceremoniously dropped. It didn’t manage to quite stick the landing, and teetered onto its side. The T-Rex shoved the Jeep again with its massive snout, flipping the car twice more onto its other side, and Harry and Peter, who had so far stayed impressively quiet and calm about the whole thing, started screaming at the top of their lungs. This time, no amount of shushing could get them to shut up.
It was a little after midnight and there was just enough moonlight in the bedroom for Tony to avoid accidentally stubbing his toe on the corner of the footboard as he carefully approached the mattress. Steve was lying on his side, facing the window, the sheets rising and falling steadily with each breath, and it still startled Tony, seeing him like this, feeling knobby elbows and cold feet as he slipped into bed beside Steve, instead of firm muscle and an almost sweltering warmth. He was wearing one of Tony’s old MIT sweatshirts, pretty much swimming in the fabric, and when Tony tucked himself against his boyfriend, his chest pressing against the curve of Steve’s spine, his arm draped over Steve’s middle, he just felt so small, so fragile, in Tony’s hold.
“City slicker.”
, was on the tip of his tongue, but as soon as Tony opened his mouth, the words that flew out instead were, “Like shit. I haven’t slept in days, and I’m pretty sure my body is trying to knock me out so it can finally have some rest.” Tony paused, replaying that in his mind once more to figure out if he’d actually said that. The look on Scott’s face told him that he probably did. “Usually I wouldn’t admit that out loud,” he added, the words escaping him of their own volition. “Or that.”
“No, that’s my job,” Tony assured, without thinking. He took a long sip of coffee.
soon.
Living, breathing, impossible dinosaurs. As much as he wanted to fully appreciate the science that went into creating them, it was becoming more and more difficult the longer he spent on this godforsaken island.
, he’d said with ease.
But as he approached one of the Brachiosaurus’ legs, thick and long, like the trunk of a Redwood, and let his hand graze over the tough skin, he knew without a doubt that this was all real. The dinosaur’s foot twitched under his touch, just slightly, and abandoned its post at the tree to wander in another direction, toward the horizon. It wasn’t animatronic, that was for sure; its movements were much too natural. The swing of its tail, the throaty noise it gave him, the way it walked, lumbering but confident, not even Tony could program something that effortless, that extraordinary, and certainly not on a massive scale — which was a clear indication that neither could Osborn.
“Let’s just call it a night,” Bruce suggested, around a yawn. “There’s nothing we can do about Steve until Thor gives us an update, and you can sleep off the next couple hours. How long did Scott say this would last? A day?”
“And now the radio doesn’t work either. Well, that’s just fucking great,” Tony muttered under his breath, only realizing his mistake after two simultaneous gasps sounded from the backseat. “Whoops. Sorry. Just ignore me.”
The tour picked right back up the next day, and by noon Tony had showered, dressed, and made the most of the brunch buffet. Had he been back in New York, he was sure Pepper would’ve been proud of him for waking up before two in the afternoon, but here, he couldn’t even call her, what with the lack of cell reception on the island. (Tony had long stopped actively looking for red flags about this whole trip; they seemed to just reveal themselves to him at inopportune moments.) Of course, he could’ve rigged something up, between his state-of-the-art StarkPhone and the armour he’d brought, but he’d been so exhausted last night that he barely managed to send out an admittedly impulsive SOS to SHIELD before he passed out on the bed, three-piece suit and all.
Clint was the first to break the silence. “How— I mean, how did we not know? First Banner and Romanoff, and now you guys? The fuck’s in the water here?”
“Mr. Stark,” Peter said again, more panicked, and Tony turned around in his seat to find the boy staring out the window, eyes wide. Harry, beside him, was similarly frozen, but managed to lift a shaky hand enough to point at the windshield.
Steve, despite the shape he was in, was alight with amusement, biting down on his lip to keep from laughing. Tony couldn’t even be all that mad; happy was a good look on Steve. “Same stuff keeping those towelettes moist.”
“I’ve been thinking a lot about what would happen if I don’t get the serum back,” he started. “If I’m just… this. For the rest of my life.”
Because right there, standing in the middle of one of the open plains, was a Brachiosaurus, its long neck extending up into the trees. It slowly plucked leaves off the branches, chewing carefully before swallowing.
And this time, when he fell back asleep, slumped against Steve’s side, Tony didn’t dream of anything.
A part of Steve is impressed that Tony’s managed to stay on schedule in a way he rarely ever does, and another part of him is relieved that he won’t have to keep practicing surprised faces in the mirror for when the time finally comes.
Tony had been at boarding school long enough to have perfected the art of crying silently. But here, his sobs were loud, wet, echoing throughout the cave enough to drown out the ambient sounds of the nightlife outside, though he couldn’t bring himself to care in the slightest.
Tony shoves the pasta into his mouth, finally, and chews as he speaks. Which would usually earn him a light reprimand from Steve, but he lets it go this time, too distracted to pay it much mind. “Oh, yeah, I gave a presentation on all of it today. Even made a PowerPoint and everything. Loads of pictures, nice clean theme. And I guess it worked because R&D seemed to really like the proposal.”
After a pointed glare from Natasha that Steve hadn’t failed to catch (he doubted anyone in the room did, really), Thor piped up in that booming voice of his, loud enough to wake the kids upstairs, “It would be an honor to take the couch of such a humble host. Captain, Man of Iron, I shall leave the last bed for you.” He clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder, the other on Tony’s, grinning between his two teammates. “
, Osborn had said.
The prototype for the newest iteration of StarkPhone, the one Tony hadn’t officially sent in the specs to R&D for—even though Pepper had been on his case about it for weeks now—but was sitting idly in the pocket of his jeans. It was a goner anyway, between the crash and the heavy rainwater slowly but surely soaking his clothes (he’d finished the prototype mere hours before his trip here, he didn’t have the time to waterproof the damn thing), but it still weighed heavy on his heart to have to throw away something so ingenious. Nevertheless, considering the alternative was his life, he figured he could mourn its loss later.
Miraculously, the only dinosaurs they had run into along the last leg of their journey had been, for the most part, herbivorous, which only made Tony grow even more anxious. He was the same kind of jittery as if he’d just downed six shots of espresso, snapping to attention at every little sound, constantly vigilant for even the slightest danger they might encounter, and when finally he caught sight of the quinjet in the distance, Tony didn’t think he’d ever felt more relieved in his life. It was almost too good to be true, at this point, after days of dreaming about this exact moment, and he had to glance over at Steve’s matching expression—grim determination making way for silent cheer—just to affirm it wasn’t simply a mirage.
They stay like that for a moment, breathing each other in, Tony turning his head slightly to press a kiss to Steve’s palm, Steve stroking a thumb over Tony’s cheekbone.
“I got this,” Tony assured, waving him off. He didn’t take his eyes off the dinosaur, trying once more to bargain with it. “Alright, c’mon, just hand it over. I’m pretty sure you even holding that is some violation of the Prime Directive. Give it.”
There was still about a quarter of the cup of coffee left, and Tony resisted the urge to say
“Hey,” Bruce said, squinting upwards at the clear, cloudless sky above, one of his hands brimming his face to shield his eyes from the harsh afternoon sun, the other pointing almost excitedly at whatever he was staring at. “Hey, look! Your distress signal must’ve gotten through,” he said to Tony, a bright grin coming over his face. “They sent a rescue party to get us.”
The force of the barrel roll caused Tony to slam against the driver’s side window, and he waited a long moment to see if the car would move again. When it didn’t, he chanced a glance out of the windshield, but between the cracks in the glass and the rain streaking down its surface, he couldn’t see a thing, and just hoped for the best as he shrugged out of his blazer, wrapped it around his hand like he was preparing to go a few rounds in the ring with Happy, and punched the windshield as hard as he could. It was already in bad shape from the car being tossed around like a ragdoll, and the glass gave way easily enough, even though the hit took more of a toll on his knuckles than he anticipated. He smoothed over the perimeter of the empty windshield, making sure there weren’t any stray shards sticking out.
Any hope that Tony had of sneaking into bed unnoticed vanished in the next instant, as Steve murmured, “I didn’t think you’d come up tonight.”
“Yeah, no, I know that now. But...” Steve sighs, scrubbing a hand over his face, before he finally looks over at Tony. “I got it in my head that you were going to propose to me today.”
“Yup. Three months, they said?” she replied, and handed Fury a twenty. Then Bruce, with a sigh, gave Fury another, and Thor held out a fistful of bills. Clint was still bewildered.
There’s another sketch of Tony on the next page, and the next, and the next, little bits and pieces of him filling the entire book: half-finished studies of his smile, his hands, his eyes. Full portraits of him lost in thought, or mid-laugh, or failing to bite back a grin. There’s everything from simple charcoals to vibrant watercolours, and as Tony flips through them all at a leisurely pace, a flush runs from Steve’s ears all the way down to his neck.
It seems that he doesn’t actually accomplish that though, because less than a second after Tony enters the living room, he pauses, offers a lopsided grin, and cocks a brow at Steve. “Someone’s happy today,” he notes, coming over to set his briefcase down on a nearby recliner and drop a kiss to Steve’s crown. “What happened? Did you save a kitten from a tree? Was there a sale on Raisin Bran at Whole Foods?”
It was funny, really, how in his day-to-day of dealing with terrorists and monsters and self-proclaimed supervillians, that this—the park, the creatures—he still couldn’t wrap his head around.
By now, the skepticism had worn off completely and the astonishment had begun to diminish, replacing itself with a kind of deep-seated dread that sunk its hooks right in the pit of Tony’s stomach. Even though they didn’t come across any disasters greater than an unresponsive vending machine as of yet, he couldn’t shake the feeling that one would surprise them sooner or later.
“Okay, so, full disclosure, I haven’t done this before,” Tony said, which maybe wasn’t the greatest thing to hear from someone who was about to do (albeit, very minor) surgery, but hey, it was either run his mouth or get a little too lost in his own head, and this seemed like the lesser of two evils. “I mean, you know. Giving someone stitches. Done a couple medical procedures, but they’ve been on myself, and once I ended up going into cardiac arrest—”
“Oh. Oh, god, okay, just— I’ll be right back,” he said, belatedly, as he nearly tripped over himself in his haste to fetch an inhaler from the ensuite bathroom. He settled back down beside Steve, one hand holding the inhaler in front of his face as he took a big puff, the other rubbing soothingly over his boyfriend’s back. “Hey, it’s okay, deep breaths, in and out.”
He let out a miserable, heaving sob, hot tears running down his cheeks, his throat stinging, as he wrapped his arms around his legs, tight, as if he could somehow make himself smaller and smaller until he eventually disappeared. For this whole goddamn weekend, he’d been holding it together, for the others if not himself, but now it was like something finally snapped inside of him, like he’d broken an emotional dam, and once he started to cry, he didn’t have the strength to make himself stop. He wasn’t even sure that he wanted to — it felt good, in a strange, cathartic kind of way, to finally let it all out.
The remaining four velociraptors seemed to get the hint quickly enough, bolting for the trees, and Tony let out an exhale, hands on his knees, just making sure he had enough breath in his lungs. “Bruce, buddy, you have no idea how glad I am—”
“Sorry, wait, rewind a bit,” he interjects before Tony can go on. “What’d you say?”
Pretty soon Steve’s mind begins to drift, and his drawings of Tony in the kitchen turn into Tony in a church, standing at the altar, with stained glass windows overhead and all his groomsmen beside him. Tony, getting choked up in the middle of his vows, tears collecting in the corners of his eyes, his smile bigger and brighter than Steve’s ever seen it. Tony’s ring glistening on his finger as he cups Steve’s cheeks and pulls him in for a kiss while the priest’s still mid-sentence.
Dinner that night was a quiet and tense affair, the silence only broken by the sounds of cutlery against plates and the loud chewing coming from Osborn’s end of the table. The kids had eaten earlier, and were probably in bed by now, leaving only Tony, Bruce, and Osborn.
It would’ve been so much easier if he had the armour. The helmet, at the very least, just so he could let JARVIS guide him, scope out where a nice patch of tall grass was to hide out in, or the nearest building. Could distract the T-Rex with a repulsor beam or two, not to injure, just to stun. But without his tech, his glorious, brilliant tech, Tony just had to rely on his pathetically human eyesight and whatever bullshit tactical training sessions SHIELD had signed him up for.
It looked the velociraptor was grinning at him now, teeth bared, tongue flicking out like a lizard’s.
Steve nodded, breathing in time with Tony. It took a moment before he finally said, “Sorry, that— That hasn’t happened in a long time.”
But between trying to get Steve back to normal, assuring his sudden anxieties on the situation, and planning a proposal for the guy, Tony’s plate was already so full it was pretty much overflowing, and, as insane as it was, waiting for a truth serum to be flushed out of his system wasn’t even near the top of his priority list.
“Why us?”
“Unconscious,” Tony answered, handing back the shield. “Uh, here, you might need this.”
Another velociraptor, the one in front of Tony this time, made a trilling sound, and the rest of the pack moved in closer, teeth bared and clawed hands out in front of them, ready to swipe. The first one, just off to the left, lunged again, aiming for Tony this time. But he was prepared, and managed to dodge the attack. The velociraptor wasn’t deterred so easily. It swung one of its short, clawed arms at Tony, just grazing his shoulder, and thank God for Pepper and her insistence that Tony be dragged along to her self-defense classes, because it was almost second nature, the way he grabbed the velociraptor’s elbow, pulled it in, and then swept its legs at the heel. The velociraptor went down with a hard thud, flat on its back, but before Tony could marvel at how that actually worked, it was back on its feet again, trilling much louder and more angrily than before.
There was just one problem.
Tony pulled the phone out of his pocket, stuck on the lock screen no matter how many times he tried entering his password or thumbprint. It didn’t matter anyway, Tony thought, turning the brightness up to its highest setting, and waved it around as if he didn’t already have the dinosaur’s undivided attention. “Hey!” he shouted, much to the horror of the kids. “Hey, asshole! Over here!”
Steve and Tony were pretty damn obvious too. It wasn’t as if they were trying to hide their relationship from the rest of the team. After the first two weeks they found it would be a waste of extra effort since the rest of the Avengers were ridiculously oblivious anyway. But they decided that, sometime during the trip, they’d tell the others. It wasn’t their fault if the team was all of a sudden so particularly blind to their not-subtle-at-all hints.
“Alright, let’s get you somewhere safe,” Tony said, mostly to himself as he surveyed the surrounding area. The coast was too open, the jet not even a speck in the distance. And Tony was definitely not keen on returning to the thick, wet jungle if he could help it.
He’s not, really. Steve’s still a little let down and a little embarrassed, mostly by his own idiocy—for a strategist, he sure has an awful habit of not thinking things through sometimes, and today’s no different—but he thought he’d be able to hide it, just enough to recollect himself and move past this whole thing. And preferably before Tony says anything about it.
“Still,” Tony said. “Your first mission, and they warm you up by sending you to a island full of dinosaurs.”
“Okay, good,” Tony says. He’s got a funny little look on his face, like he’s trying to solve a difficult equation, and just as he’s surely about to ask if Steve’s okay for the fourth time in half as many hours, the elevator opens with a ding.
hay.”
The dinosaur let out a defiant shriek.
And even though Tony knew that Bruce was right, he couldn’t help but feel oddly nervous at the mere thought of being in the same room as Steve while under the influence of the truth serum, despite having spent the past hour learning to control its effects to the best of his abilities. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust Steve, no, not at all. On the contrary, Tony didn’t know if he could trust
“I took a peek at your planner the other day,” he starts, once he feels the bed dip beside him and Tony’s hand running soothingly over his back. “I didn’t mean to—it looks exactly the same as my sketchbook—but I saw that under today’s date, you wrote ‘
Off to the left, the trees rustled before parting suddenly, and into the clearing stomped Dr. Bruce Banner, huge and green, muscles bulging as he clenched his fists, gaze raking over the scene with a kind of bloodthirsty interest, and shouted again.
When Steve finally pulled away enough to actually look Tony in the eyes, he expression was so somber, so serious, that Tony half-expected to hear that his medical conditions were catching up to him and he only had a week to live.
Bruce smiled, combing a hand through his hair. If anything, the motion just made his curls even messier. “I— Don’t laugh, but I wear them all the time. Just in case. I, um, I’m trying to invent a pair that can stretch to fit the Hulk and then contract back to normal afterwards, but. No such luck. They just stay stretched,” he explained, gesturing over to the giant-sized pair of shorts lying in the dirt a couple feet away.
“Run!” he whispered. This time the boys had no trouble sprinting off to the dense forested area off to the left, Tony less than a pace behind them, as the T-Rex slowly turned to watch the bright light of the phone soar impressively in the air, enraptured and inquisitive. It took a couple steps toward the device, giving it a thorough sniff and a nudge of its nose before ultimately deeming it inedible and therefore unimportant.
Tony had a feeling, as soon as he shook hands with Bruce on the plane, that he’d meet the Hulk sometime over the course of the trip, but he never imagined he’d be so entirely relieved about it.
Steve, now lying on his stomach with his face buried in the crook of his elbow, turned to look over his shoulder, fixing Tony with a raised brow. “Tony?”
And maybe his bedside manner was a bit rusty, but at least it seemed to do the trick. Steve huffed out a breath, the barest hint of a laugh, and twisted around again to look over at Tony, one part incredulous and two parts amused. “Yeah right.”
But he paused before he could get any words out, halting so suddenly that Harry all but barrelled into his legs. Because the thing in the velociraptor’s hands, bright and glinting under the hot sun, was a piece of the armour.
Tony would’ve berated himself for not knowing sooner, especially considering that Fury had wanted to talk to him about some new initiative for similarly powerful individuals (which, of course, like most things Fury said to him, flew right out the other ear in that moment), but he cut himself some slack this time. The last few months hadn’t been the easiest adjustment for him either.
He eyed the tall trees they were standing under, just at the edge of the underbrush, that opened up into a wide open plain next to them. “Do kids these days still like climbing trees?”
Steve rushes out before he can give himself away, turning around just as the doors start to close, to offer a smile. “I’ll see you tonight, sweetheart.”
“Bruce and I can share,” Natasha said, sidling up to Banner as he slid an arm around her waist.
Well, okay, that was a lie. It did manage to get the velociraptor more riled up than before, which was really saying something.
Bruce frowned. “Okay, that’s not making me angry, just sad.”
Okay, yeah, maybe Steve was onto something here. Maybe Tony needed a little bit of patching up as well. Of course, it wasn’t anything he couldn’t do himself, but Steve, despite his own condition, wouldn’t have that. And God, he was just so— So caring and stubborn and unbelievably, genuinely
“Think I have something of yours,” Tony says, holding up the familiar sketchbook. When he finally catches sight of Steve’s surely dopey expression, he lifts a brow, opening his mouth to speak, but his question is promptly answered as his gaze drops down to the planner laid out on the counter in front of Steve. “Ah, snooping again, are we?” he teases. “Find anything interesting?”
Tony, without thinking, swooped in and grabbed the shield, slamming it down on the velociraptor’s back as hard as he could. The velociraptor cried out, and Tony backhanded the creature with the shield. It, like the others, dropped to the ground. He waited for a moment, but it didn’t get up again, just made low, gurgling sounds in the back of its throat, toes twitching, and Tony turned to Cap with a long exhale.
“Alright, big guy, relax, I’ve got you,” he said, as Steve, with a wince, slung an arm around Tony’s shoulders. “Barney & Friends managed to get a couple of good hits in. You’re bleeding.”
“Not snooping,” Steve protests, unable to bite back his smile. “But yeah, actually, I did.”
It’s one of Tony’s own, which he’s probably just using as a bookmark, and when Steve opens the page to this month’s calendar to put it back, he freezes as he catches sight of a reminder in the space for next Friday, exactly a week from now.
“I already told you, Steve,” she said, pointedly ignoring her husband’s gaze darting between them, “it’s a secret family recipe. You want that lasagna again, you’re going to have to visit.”
Tony shook their little hands, offered them each a smile, and plotted as many ways as he could to get off this godforsaken island.
He’s ninety-nine percent sure, anyway.
“Thank you,” he said, just as earnest as Tony imagined he would sound. Now that they weren’t in any imminent danger, Cap took the time to look him up and down — over his soggy shoes and tattered clothes, right up to the five o’clock shadow filling in the spaces around his goatee, higher and higher until his gaze reached Tony’s eyes, staying there for a second too long. Tony waited for the inevitable comment on his likeness to Howard, but it never came. Instead, Cap just blew out a breath, quirked a grin, and said, “You sure have a way with the shield. I’m impressed.”
In all honesty, Tony had forgotten he’d even been wounded, so caught up in trying to make sure that Steve was okay, that he was safe. But now that it had been pointed out, it seemed to hit Tony all at once: the persistent sting of pain, the numbed ache around his side, the exhaustion of the last couple days.
thing, it’s a
It must’ve been some kind of a battle cry, because in the next instant, the rest of the pack leapt to action.
“You’re not supposed to say that,” Peter chided.
Four more, in rapid succession, and the velociraptors were on the ground, shaken up if not exactly wounded. But Tony would take what he could get, and before they had a chance to get back up, he reached over and gave Bruce a nudge. “Alright, go, now!”
Tony cracked an eye open to peer at him curiously. “Hm?”
By the end of it, Steve’s so keyed up, thinking that Tony, known for both his theatrics and his inability to stick to most plans, is going to propose sooner, that he all but jumps at every electric touch between them and lights up at every simple
“Thank you.”
Startled, Tony glanced around.
Thankfully, Scott seemed to know what he was getting at. “Yeah, so, um, funny story, actually,” he said, flashing a smile. “Hope and I, we got these off some bad guys we were fighting the other day, and for some reason they carried them around in syringes, just ready to go, y’know? Which doesn’t really make for easy travel, so I dumped them all into Hank’s flask instead, and then I figured you might be interested, for Avengers purposes, and so I was about to give it to you and then—”
“Better rinse that mouth out, Barton,” said Natasha, materializing in the doorway.
“Don’t move,” he said quietly. “And don’t make a sound.”
“I love you,” Tony told him, like it was the easiest thing in the world. Maybe it was. He could say it a thousand times and the words wouldn’t be any less true by the end of it; for a second there, Tony actually considered doing just that, if only to prove it to Steve. “I know I don’t say it nearly as often as I should, but I love you more than I’ve ever loved anyone before. No one even comes close, baby. Except for Pepper and Rhodey, but I love them in an entirely different way, so it doesn’t really count.”
Tony bites his lip, and with that sweet, nervous little smile, finally holds out the small velvet box. He pops it open, and sitting on the plush cushion is the most gorgeous ring Steve’s ever seen. It’s plain, just a simple silver band, and for a second, he thinks it might be made out of vibranium, the way it reflects off the bright lights in the lab.
or Steve would softly say
(Right now.)
And for a short-lived moment there, as Tony surveyed the airship overhead, it didn’t feel as though the arc reactor was about to suddenly give out. But then he inhaled, exhaled, and the feeling returned to him, the bone-deep dread, the constant unease, the familiar tightness in his chest.
All of them were definitely in need of a distraction, something to keep their minds off Ultron as they tucked themselves away in hiding at Clint’s farm. For Tony, that meant repairing the tractor out in the barn; for Steve, chopping firewood.
To be honest, Steve’s more than a little stunned to find that he actually owns one—much less uses it—what with the amount of meetings he’s late to on a regular basis and the number of deadlines he misses entirely, and it’s the utter surprise that leads Steve to leaf through the first few pages. As he’s perusing (although there’s not really much more to see in Tony’s notes than things like:
Clint hummed in thought, like he’d never considered that as an answer. He wasn’t a great actor, but Steve did give him points for his commitment to the role. “Yeah, that should work. I’m obviously letting none of you sleep in my bed,” he added, receiving a swat on the arm from his wife. “Two rooms left and five of you.”
“Are you okay?”
Tony poked his head back into the kitchen, doing his best to suppress a sigh. “Bruce, Pepper, and Rhodey are the only other people who know about that. But out of everyone, you’re the only one I don’t actually trust to keep a secret, so just—” Tony wagged a finger at him, trying to be as menacing as possible, under the circumstances “—do not say a single word about it to anybody, okay? Especially Steve. Otherwise I’m not gonna bankroll your trip to Disneyland for Cassie’s birthday.” It took less than a second before he was forced to concede, “Okay, that’s not true, but I am going to fly you in coach instead of first class.”
At least he wasn’t alone in looking like he’d rather be anywhere else.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed belatedly, unable to help the laugh that escaped him as he thought about just how ridiculous his life was becoming. What was next — aliens?
He’d been ready to, more than once, over the course of the past month. He’d taken the time to draft a heartfelt speech, writing and rewriting and memorizing it whenever he had a moment to himself; he’d forged a ring that would hold up even if Steve had to use his shield while wearing it; he’d booked reservations at all of Steve’s favourite restaurants, arranged for hot air balloon rides, cooked a homemade dinner on more than one occasion.
But once he gets over his initial shock, he has to admit, he does like the sound of it, of an extravagant proposal, an elegant wedding, of being able to call Tony his husband. Just the thought makes Steve smile stupidly to himself, his stomach all aflutter, and he’s so swept up in his elation that he almost doesn’t catch the ding of the elevator as the doors open.
There were many words that could be used to describe Norman Osborn—brilliant and crazy among the most popular—but stupid wasn’t one of them. He was persistent too, and nothing short of Tony changing his phone number every other day would dispel the man from calling again and again, calling Pepper, Rhodey, even Happy, to convince Tony to take a trip down to his secluded island.
Or, well, at least if the velociraptors didn’t get to him first.
“The effort’s appreciated, but we beat them to the punch by a couple of months,” Tony concurred, half sprawled over the larger man. He rested his head on Steve’s chest and from that vantage could probably hear his heartbeat through the thin layer of cotton-polyester. “I’d like to see what they think once they know we’ve been going at it for this long.”
Harry was quick to add, “Dad puts money in the swear jar whenever he says a bad word.”
Everyone else was upstairs, save for Thor, whose snores drifted in from the other side of the house. If only they weren’t all stuck in the middle of nowhere, the Asgardian would be quite exceptional in battle tomorrow, it seemed.
“Got hungry on the ride here,” Steve said simply.
Second, he could sidestep a question if it was exceptionally vague. Answers that hinged on the truth being a technicality seemed to pass the test, and Tony was a bit shocked to find that he could reply to
“Hey, hey,” Steve said, as he tentatively reached out to rest a warm hand against Tony’s back. When he didn’t protest, Steve took it as an invitation to rub over his shoulder blades in soothing circles, and Tony couldn’t help but lean into the touch, letting it ground him. “Deep breaths. Yeah, like that. And another, c’mon, do it with me. In. Good. Out. There we go, that’s it.”
Or not.
Sometime during the middle of the flight, when Bruce and the kids had fallen asleep in their seats, Tony lightly elbowed Steve, offering his most dazzling grin. He wasn’t sure how charming it actually turned out to be, between the whole rugged mountain man look he was surely beginning to sport and the tired bags under his eyes, but Steve was still looking at him with that soft, earnest expression, like Tony was something special, so he assumed he was off to a good start.
The entire ride, Osborn was on the phone with his lawyer, patiently going over all the security protocols in place, and while the list was extensive, Tony couldn’t help but think he’d made a terrible mistake in agreeing to this. Whatever
The night was quiet and chilly, but at least the rain had eased into a light drizzle. Harry and Peter hadn’t said another word since their narrow escape, but their trail was marked with sniffles and coughs and chattering teeth, and when they eventually stumbled upon a log sitting right under an umbrella of trees, Tony sat them down and guided them through the deep breathing exercises he sometimes did after a particularly bad nightmare. “Okay. Okay, see, we’re all fine now,” he said softly. He wasn’t sure who he was trying to reassure more, himself or the kids, but in any case, they all seemed to have calmed down, even infinitesimally. “Let’s just take five, and then we can figure out how to get back to— to the resort and humans and central heating later, alright? Are you two okay?”
“It’s, what, a couple hours away,” Bruce pointed out, though he didn’t waste any time surveying the area for predators. “And that’s even if we hurry.”
, they didn’t stop to think if they
Osborn scoffed, but didn’t protest, and Tony left the matter at that. Bruce didn’t say a word the entire tour, but at least his meditation techniques must’ve worked because he was still small and mild-mannered by the time the ride was over.
Even from a couple yards away, Tony could hear the fabric of the suit tearing, and he rushed forward as fast as he could — which, bogged down by the wetness of his jeans and the sinking of the sand under his shoes, felt impossibly slow.
“Is it—?”
“Alright, c’mon, we gotta go, chop chop,” Tony said, interrupting the boys’ yelling and crying—out of fear or pain, he wasn’t quite sure, but it made something in his chest clench up in worry either way—to gesture for them to take off their seatbelts. He helped them out, directing them out the windshield, first Harry, then Peter, just as the T-Rex let out a snarl and nudged the car again. Tony just barely made it out himself before the car was picked up once more and thoroughly shaken out, his briefcase flying out the window and into the T-Rex’s enclosure.
“You’re playing God, you know that, right?” Tony told Osborn, whose general air of nonchalance just egged him on even more. “There are a thousand reasons this place should be shut down on ethics alone, and I’m not even getting into what’ll happen when your precious little hybrid science projects finally try to hop that fence—”
The rest of the week passes slowly.
Peter and Harry took up the front of their procession, after being appointed the party’s official lookouts, and Tony and Bruce followed closely behind them, the former keeping an eye on the kids while the latter offered directions every so often.
It felt like home.
“Huh,” Scott said, after a moment. “I guess it really did work.”
“Funny,” Tony said, going for dry instead of fond but missing the mark considerably. “Oh. Huh. Guess that means it really was.”
Tony hadn’t realized how close to Steve he’d gotten until he pulled away, reaching over to feel around in his nightstand, finally coming up with the sleek metal band he’d hidden in between the pages of an engineering journal. He hadn’t managed to find a box for it yet, and as he turned the ring over in his hand a couple times, the moonlight caught the silver, Steve’s gaze tracking it intently. Tony shifted into more of a sitting position, holding out the ring and willing his hand not to shake with nerves.
That was all the warning he got before Harry and Peter, seemingly appearing out of thin air, started running toward him, waving their arms around as if he couldn’t see them from just a couple yards away. When they finally approached, both grinning up at him like they were at Disneyland, instead of the world’s most sketchy zoo full of creatures that shouldn’t even exist anymore, both took in a deep breath before spewing every single fact they knew about dinosaurs at exactly the same time.
Tony counted again. There had been six before, but the other two were probably on bedrest after everything the Hulk had done during their last confrontation. Which evened out the odds from about a five percent success rate to maybe a seven or an eight.
As much as Tony had a penchant for getting himself into trouble, he could say with the utmost confidence that this time, it was Norman Osborn who had gotten him into this entire mess.
Relieved that they didn’t have a
And that, that tiny suggestion of normalcy amongst all the craziness of the last twenty-four hours, was enough to make their eyes bright and their grins carefree, even if just for a moment.
The next morning, while Tony’s still asleep, Steve sneaks into the lab, right before he goes out to meet Sam for their daily run. Luckily, the desk is messy enough to hide the fact that Steve has to dig around a little before he finds his sketchbook, hidden under a stack of blueprints, and quickly replaces it with the planner. He hopes Tony hasn’t noticed its absence, and when a day passes, then two, then three, without Tony bringing it up at all, Steve considers himself in the clear.
Peter and Harry half-mumbled their assent, all but frozen in place. They were clinging on to each other like lifelines.
Osborn merely lifted a brow. “What, suddenly the futurist is afraid of technology advancing?”
“—to see you. Uh, Peter, Harry, why don’t you go take a walk while I talk to Doctor Banner for a second?” he suggested, and the boys slowly shuffled over to the edge of the clearing, hiding behind the thick trunk of a nearby tree. Bruce didn’t even spare them a glance. “Bruce? Hey, c’mon, I know you’re in there. It’s me, Tony. Even as Jolly Green, I’m sure you’ve heard of me. Three PhDs, invented a new element? Got captured by terrorists for three months? One of Forbes’ Forty Under Forty since I was twenty-two? There’s a lot of material to choose from, take your pick,” he said, hands out, placating.
Tony shot him an incredulous look.
“Okay, whoa, slow down a sec,” Tony interjected, just as Steve pulled a compass out of a hidden pocket over his breast, a baggie of granola from an otherwise empty holster on his thigh. Amazingly, there wasn’t even a speck of blood on the Ziplock, and Tony was reminded about how he hadn’t eaten since he and Bruce kicked in a vending machine right after that first velociraptor attack. “Stop that. How— What? Where are you even storing all of this? Actually, you know what? Don’t tell me. What’s with the breath mints?”
Tony had to step back to avoid getting trampled, tripping over himself in the process. He fell flat on his ass, but between all the awe and confusion and the same heart-pounding thrill that usually came with piloting the armour, he barely even noticed.
Steve can’t help but chuckle, shaking his head. “
Steve blinks. In the flurry of Tony’s enthusiastic explanation, one word in particular stands out like a sore thumb, and Steve has to play the conversation back a little to make sure he’s not just hearing things.
, but just as he was preparing to get up, run over to the kids, and figure out the rest of the plan as he scooped them up and made a break for it, a loud roar sounded in the distance that made him freeze in his tracks.
“Of course. And the granola?”
“See? What’d I tell you, it’s stupid,” he says, trying to keep his tone light, but something about it falls flat. Still, he decides to lay all his cards out on the table before he can talk himself out of it, and a little more seriously, Steve adds, “Listen, I know we’ve brought it up a few times before, but we’ve never, y’know, sat down and talked about when it might happen. We haven’t even really decided if it’s going to happen at all.” He reaches up to cup Tony’s cheek, searching his eyes as he keeps going, determined. “But I love you so much, Tony, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. It’s okay if you don’t want to get married, and it’s okay if you need some time to think about it, but I... just... What— What are you doing?”
Tony doesn’t say anything after that, but Steve can practically hear the cogs turning up in that big brain of his.
, that grew steadily closer.
“I’m cold,” Peter murmured.
There was a beat of silence before Steve spoke up again. “I was talking to Fury about this— oh, how did he put it? Some kind of task force, I think. Anyway, he, um. He let me read your file.” Another pause, as Steve collected his thoughts and Tony applied the last stitch, neatly tying off the suture. It wasn’t his best handiwork, but it was better than he thought he’d fare, and wasn’t too shabby, overall. “And, I don’t know. Meeting you in person, you’re— You’re not what I expected.”
“Which is why I wrote a note!”
Honestly, he didn’t know which of those he was looking forward to the most.
Four very angry, very dangerous, very unsympathetic adult-velociraptor-sized problems.
“Thirteen times better than a human’s,” Peter added. “And he can probably smell us too.”
Still, at least there weren’t any
Steve cocked his head slightly, inquisitively. “Kissing you?”
But either he overestimates his acting skills or underestimates Tony’s attentiveness, because he doesn’t even make it through their bedtime routine before the truth finally comes out.
Tony was so floored by the statement that, for the first time in a long time, he was rendered absolutely speechless. Steve must’ve taken his silence as a cue to continue, or, even worse,
Tony blinked.
“Hey!” he yelled, in a voice that was very real and very familiar, as one of the velociraptors tackled him like a linebacker. “Mind tossing that back to me?”
“About three months.”
He pulled his legs up to his chest, letting his forehead fall against his knees, and tried very hard not to rock himself back and forth like a fucking kindergartener.
“Right.”
Fury was the one who brought this whole thing to a close, and Steve doubted breakfast was thanks enough.
Tony had spent the past few days since the incident trying to convince him otherwise, but no Asgardian magic trick could quell Steve’s stubbornness.
He flips to the cover, only then realizing the leather’s just a shade too dark, the weight’s a little off, and instead of the few photographs of Bucky and Peggy and Tony he keeps tucked between the first two pages for inspiration, all he finds are business cards. And if that’s not enough to convince Steve that he grabbed the wrong book in his rush this morning, the monogrammed
Tony’s going to propose.
He ducked, moving into a smooth tuck and roll that barely got him past the sharp hooks of the velociraptor’s claws,
That, too, took a minute to catch up to him, and he found his mind wandering all over again.
According to Osborn, they had a long flight ahead of them, followed by a short helicopter ride, and only belatedly did Tony realize he should’ve updated his last will and testament while he still had the chance.
The boys seemed to sense his hesitation about this whole thing and, probably without even meaning to, looked up at Tony with these puppy-dog eyes, and that just wasn’t fair at all. No matter how tense and tired he was, he couldn’t say no to those matching pouty looks. The corner of Tony’s mouth ticked upwards as he motioned for them to get into the Jeep that had just pulled up in front of them. “Alright, alright. But I call shotgun!”
. He knew he should’ve been more worried about the whole thing — about what he would do if a supervillain broke in and demanded that he give step-by-step instructions on how to build a Jericho missile, or if someone even jokingly asked for all the intelligence Tony may or may not have been privy to when he’d hacked into the Pentagon in high school.
“I have nightmares sometimes too,” Steve admitted, after a moment. “Granted, they’re usually not as bad as yours, but. It happens to the best of us. Nothing to beat yourself up over.”
First, he could still state an opinion if he fully believed it was true.
“God, yeah, of course. Sometimes I just lie awake beside you, and I look over at you, drooling and snoring and hogging all the blankets, and I can’t imagine sleeping next to anyone else. Can’t imagine waking up without you,” Tony admitted. He’d had it memorized, his flowery and sentimental speech, but the more he let himself ramble on, the more of it disappeared, and all he could do was speak from the heart and pray that he didn’t fumble over his words. “Before I met you, I never wanted anything like this. A real relationship, a family, white-picket fence, all of it. But now… Every time someone asks me where I want to be in five years, ten, twenty, you’re always the first thing I think of. You’re my everything, Steve. My life, my future. My
And then he was waking up for real, panting and shaking, trying to look around for some indication of where he was, only to be met with darkness. The cave floor was cold under his palms as he pushed himself up into a sitting position, frantic but only half awake. His chest felt like it was being ripped apart and put back together all over again, and as much as he tried to force air into his lungs, he just couldn’t seem to breathe, all of a sudden sucked back into his hellish dream, back to being waterboarded for hours on end and—
“Oh God,” Bruce mumbled, rubbing a hand over his face, like he’d just woken up with the worst hangover of his life. “What happened?”
Any response Tony might’ve given was immediately cut off by a strike of lightning, and seconds later, there was another clap of thunder. Again, it seemed to echo, powerfully enough that the vibrations pulsed through the car. They were evenly spaced, seeming to get stronger the more they went on. They sounded almost like—
, Steve thinks to himself.
Bruce, to his credit, didn’t seem the least bit fazed by any of it.
It was too late to try getting it back, though; he had to focus on getting the kids someplace safe. Which, on an island where dinosaurs could now roam free, seemed more and more hopeless.
“Tony,” Bruce said, a warning and a plea all at once.
“What about us?” Bruce asked, before Tony had a chance to.
Its eye was the size of a football. Tony didn’t even want to think about its teeth.
“Good,” he said, voice surprisingly level. “Hey, Pete? What can you tell me about these things?”
And that—sweet and sappy as it may have been—is enough for Tony’s smirk to lose some of its edge, softening into a small, smitten smile. “And you’re a sap,” he replies, coming over to press a kiss to Steve’s cheek and hand back the sketchbook. “I love it, though. Love you.”
with kids, really—he’d already expended a week’s worth of patience just talking to Osborn over breakfast and didn’t have enough in his reserve to be playing babysitter all day.
On Sunday morning, when Steve wakes up to the feeling of Tony peppering kisses over the bridge of his nose, his cheeks, and down the column of his neck, he’s almost positive that it’s going to happen then, until the alarm goes off and they’re both called into a mission. On Tuesday night, when Tony asks JARVIS to play the best of Glenn Miller, gently coaxing Steve into a slow dance, a large part of him expects Tony to drop to one knee right on the living room rug. And again, on Thursday afternoon, when Tony stops in the middle of the sidewalk as they’re returning home from lunch, patting the pockets of his jacket — and while Steve lights up, waiting for him to pull out a little velvet box, it turns out Tony’s just left his wallet at the bistro and they have to go back.
Steve chuckles, shaking his head a little. “Just happy you’re home,” he says simply, trying not to sound as giddy as he feels; by the way Tony’s expression softens from teasing to fond, he’s not quite sure he’s managed it.
Steve had taken up his previous position: back against the wall, his bad leg splayed out comfortably in front of him, and the other bent at the knee, his foot flat against the cold cave floor. He spread them a little more to accommodate Tony, who tried not to think too hard about their proximity—and it was a good thing Steve had put his clothes back on, because Tony just might’ve had a very minor heart attack if he was still just in those snug little boxer-briefs—as he knelt down in front of Steve, sitting back on his heels, and unbuttoned his shirt.
“You wanna play that game, big guy?” Tony says, almost challenging. He opens the sketchbook to a random page, holding it out for Steve to see, and of course, there’s a drawing of Tony smack-dab in the center. It’s a little eerie, actually, how Drawing Tony is wearing a nearly identical expression to Real Tony, smug smirk firmly in place, brow cocked and eyes full of mischief. “Because
Or, rather, four problems.
There’s nothing particularly spectacular about the sight, save for the fact that it’s Tony, who looks picturesque in even the most ordinary moments, but Steve still opens his sketchbook to a fresh page, smooths it out, and begins to draw.
, apparently, but underneath his damn near permanent mask of bravado, he ached constantly, his heart tender and his chest raw.
“Oh, shut up, you,” Steve returned, his tone nothing but fond. “C’mon, let’s get outta here.”
“Are you really Captain America?” Peter asked with wide eyes and an even wider smile, as he took in the sight of Steve leaning against the wall, cowl tucked under his arm, shield strapped to his back.
which Steve has to admit is a little endearing), a business card falls into his lap.
“To the lab,” Tony answered, without even stopping. Just because he had to answer honestly didn’t mean that Scott had to hear him. “Partly because Bruce and I need to figure out this whole Cap-getting-deserumed thing, and partly because I want to hide from everyone else so I don’t accidentally spill the beans on my plan to propose to Steve.”
“It’s watered down, it’ll last half an hour, max. And if it doesn’t, blame Banner, he’s the one who told me that.”
The screen on the dashboard flickered with static for a moment before shutting off altogether, and Tony gave it a good firm whack. It was primitive technology anyway; the only reason they’d kept the damn thing on this long was because the kids got a kick out of mimicking the faux, computerized David Attenborough providing the tour. But the screen remained black, and the car came to an abrupt halt right in the middle of the trail.
“I have a couple PhDs under my belt too, y’know. Feel free to call me Doctor Stark,” he said, reveling in the way Osborn let out a long-suffering sigh at that. “Let me guess: you don’t want my scientific expertise. You want… business tips? Entrepreneurial advice? A signed copy of last month’s
“Yeah,” he says, going for casual, but the attempt is undermined by the fact that he nearly swallows his tongue in the process. “I mean no. I mean, yeah, I remember, and no, I’m not— Not busy tonight.”
“Not particularly,” Tony said, muffled, from the little ball he’d curled himself into. He tried to focus on Steve’s touch, tried not to think about his nightmare or the tightness of his chest or the feeling of drowning. He was safe here. He was safe here, except for the velociraptors waiting outside to tear him apart, the T-Rex ready to eat him whole, and the hundreds of other creatures on this island that wanted a piece of him, and all of a sudden, Tony’s throat hitched around a hiccup and he couldn’t hold back anymore.
“Yeah,” Tony assured, managing to convince even himself. “I’m getting there.”
“It’s not that bad,” he protested, though it wasn’t too convincing.
Tony raked a shaky hand through his hair, finding it damp with sweat. God, this was pathetic. Again and again, the universe found new ways of exposing him in front of Steve, methodically stripping away every wall and mask and layer he’d so carefully constructed to protect himself, and now he was back to being completely defenseless.
“Oh thank fuck,” Steve said, grinning as he turned to Tony, eyes bright, hair a mess, handsome as ever. He still wasn’t in any shape to run, but it was a close thing, the way he took Tony’s hand and led him at a surprisingly brisk pace toward the quinjet.
“Uh huh. When you were five feet tall and one Advil could knock you out?”
And that— Really, that was an ambiguous warning at best. For one thing, there was not a single mention of the what exactly the contents of the flask contained, and so, naturally, Tony had assumed that a) it was low-shelf liquor, and b) Scott just wanted it for himself. He was about to say all that, too, along with the fact that he couldn’t be blamed for apparently being the only one here with even a lick of common sense, but all the sleep deprivation must’ve disconnected his mouth from his brain, because what came out instead was an exasperated, “I— Yeah, Lang, I can see that. That’s not— I mean—
“That’s amazing, honey,” Steve says, and for a second there, the lingering disappointment flickers away, replaced with genuine delight at the news. He can tell by the look in Tony’s eyes that this is a project he’s immensely passionate about, and Steve tries to set his own feelings aside while they celebrate. “I’m really proud of you.”
Osborn almost startled at the sound of his voice, but when he looked up at Tony, dabbing his mouth with a perfectly crisp napkin, his smile was self-assured. “You two are smart, I’m sure you have some inkling as to why I’ve chosen to show you my latest feats of science.”
“Okay, new plan,” Tony said. There was really only one option left, and while it wasn’t exactly ideal, it would give the others a way out. “I’ll create a diversion. Bruce, first chance you get, take the kids and haul ass. Find the backup power generators, switch them on, and then we’ll meet up at the jet. Got it?”
“Uh, Tony, that’s not—”
Which is why Steve definitely doesn’t expect it so soon.
Tony knew, coming into this weekend, that he’d be spending a good chunk of his time telling Osborn just how much of an idiot he was, but he definitely didn’t think it’d be to this degree.
“You’re not busy tonight, are you?” Tony asks, as they’re getting into the elevator. He presses the button for the gym, then the one for the R&D offices. “Because I made reservations at that Italian place uptown — the one we went to on our anniversary, remember?”
Tony just clapped him on the shoulder. “Well, then we’d better get a move on before our only chance of getting off this fucking island gets lost out here too.”
“Well,
“We did, but I’m not sure how helpful it was in the long run,” Bruce pointed out. “All of the dinosaurs are out of their enclosures anyway.”
The latter’s the only one that hasn’t been crossed out, and at the bottom of the page, Tony’s practiced his new signature—hyphen and all—about a hundred times.
He leaned in, his lips meeting Steve’s.
The facts were these: Tony couldn’t outright lie, which was a given — but he also couldn’t write down anything dishonest either, couldn’t withhold information if he was being asked about it directly, couldn’t even ask questions of his own if he was a hundred percent sure the person would answer falsely. Whenever he so much as tried, the truth would fly out of his mouth anyway, his tongue loose but his inhibitions intact, and it felt like the worst parts of being drunk. It was almost as if he were being compelled to speak more, too, to speak candidly, even when he didn’t have to. It had taken him aback, at first, and Tony’s surprise only succeeded in letting even more secrets slip through; but the more he got used to it, to the strange, dizzying feeling of the truth serum pumping through his veins, the easier it was to reel himself back in.
It’s even worse when Friday finally rolls around.
“Right,” Tony replied dubiously. “But the thing is, Stark Industries doesn’t care about casual gene splicing, and Banner’s specialty is in nuclear physics. So I’ll ask again: why us?”
He doesn’t even need to say anything. All it takes is one look at the frown curling at his lips and those big, sad puppy eyes, and Steve just sighs, deflating with the motion, and admits, “It’s stupid.”
It took a second, but finally Steve’s eyes fluttered open, redder than they’d been a minute ago. His jaw was set, his mouth pressed into a frown, and it seemed a Herculean effort to swallow around the sudden lump in his throat.
“Just because you’re making leaps and bounds, doesn’t mean they’re in the right direction,” he said firmly, and God, it was a miracle how Bruce hadn’t Hulked out yet, because Osborn could grate nerves like no one else. “Your scientists—” Tony waved his hand in the direction of the geneticists working, through the window “—were so preoccupied with whether or not they
“According to Scott, it should wear off in the next couple days, at most. Not too sure if I fully trust that intel, but it’s all I’ve got, so I’m hoping it’s true,” Tony told him. “But until then, I—”
Tony huffed out a laugh, warm breath ghosting the nape of Steve’s neck. He tightened his hold around Steve’s middle. “Amazing work they’ve done. Getting us to sit next to each other at every possible meal, having us dice some firewood together. So romantic,” he murmured, planting a few lazy kisses where his lips could reach. “By the way, tearing apart that log with your bare hands? Oh, baby. Didn’t expect that to be as much of a turn-on as it was.” He sighed contently. “If only they could see us now. Spooning.”
Steve’s heart catches, as if saying,
“C’mon, if I have to be honest for the next little while, I think it’s only fair that you are too.”
Steve decides for him, patting the mattress in invitation.
“Sweetheart, anything more romantic than that and you might’ve actually killed me,” Steve teased, cupping Tony’s face between his hands. He pressed a tiny kiss to the corner of his mouth. “Ask me again. I’ll try not to let you take my breath away this time — at least, not so literally.”
With no weapons, no protective gear, and no armour, Tony would either have to
Not two seconds after the liquid hit his tongue did he turn his head and spit it right back out. He wiped the back of his hand against the pad of his tongue, trying to get the taste out without gagging. He looked to Steve with an expression of betrayal. “What the fuck was that?”
“Can’t be that stupid, if it’s making you so upset,” Tony says simply. “C’mon, tell me. What’s wrong?”
Die Hard
“They’re trying to set us up, you know,” Steve said, keeping his voice soft even though he doubted the rest of the house could hear him over Thor’s lack of a nasal strip.
“Because I did,” Steve says softly, heart thundering in his chest. “And then you didn’t.”
And that was it. Those were all the tricks Tony had up his sleeve, and as he slowly tried to back away, only to find the current lapping at his feet again, his calves, his knees, he sent one last silent goodbye out to Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy, and prayed to— to
Dinner starts off perfect.
“Well, I hope you brought tissues, because if
“Your big, green side kinda came out for a while,” Tony replied easily, shrugging out of his jacket and tossing it over to Bruce. “And then you saved my life. So. Thank you.” He paused. “Uh, one question, though. No, wait, two questions: where the hell did you get those shorts, and what happened to them?”
There was a thud, and the velociraptor that Tony was sure was going to kill him immediately dropped, hitting the ground like a sack of potatoes.
“Just another Howard Stark,” Steve said, just a touch of uncertainty in his tone, as if he wasn’t sure how that was going to be received.
“Oh, good, I was getting worried.”
It’s an honest mistake, really.
Tony eased everything out of Steve’s hands and set it down on the ground with a clatter. “Okay, listen, there is not a chance in hell I’m letting you walk all the way to the quinjet while you’re bleeding out—”
rolled into one. But maybe he had the wrong idea, maybe he’d misinterpreted all those subtle looks Steve had been sending his way all afternoon, because the kiss didn’t last longer than two seconds.
“I can’t just— It’s not a party trick, you know, I can’t just Hulk out whenever I feel like it,” Bruce told him, his voice taking on a desperate edge when the velociraptors stalked forward. “I have to be absolutely furious. And to be honest, I’m not feeling mad right now, I’m mostly just scared and tired—”
“Palladium,” Tony supplies. He clears his throat, his cheeks flushing. “I made it out of my first arc reactor. So that you’d always have a piece of my heart with you, wherever you go.”
The restaurant serves an endless stream of breadsticks, the best mushroom risotto Steve’s ever tasted, and even though the wine doesn’t have any effect on him, it still pairs nicely with the meal. And anyway, Tony’s company is intoxicating enough: Steve’s already half-drunk on that brilliant pearly grin, and when Tony starts talking about some new venture at SI, it’s like his whole body lights up, more loose and relaxed and happy than he usually is, and Steve naturally follows suit.
It’s circled a bunch of times, and if that isn’t enough to mark the importance of the word, it’s also underlined twice, and covered with bright orange highlighter for good measure.
But before Steve could even finish his sentence, Tony shut him up with a loud, smacking kiss, all but tackling him to the mattress. They rolled back onto their sides, laughing and nuzzling their noses together, stealing kisses wherever they could reach, pulling away only enough for Tony to slip the ring onto Steve’s finger.
out of hand.”
“Alright, my turn,” Steve said, just as Tony was trying to pack everything back into the kit. It was somewhere around his fourth attempt, and he couldn’t help but marvel at—and curse—how Steve had even managed this in the first place.
And as soon as Steve nodded, it was like a starting pistol had gone off, Harry and Peter rushing over to him with an incredible but understandable enthusiasm and about a million questions each. It was good to see that, despite everything, they still hadn’t come out of the experience bitter and jaded. Tony was going to put them on the Stark Industries payroll one day, he already knew it — the company needed bright, young, curious minds like theirs, and while Harry might take a little more convincing, it’d be well worth the effort.
But Tony grinned brightly and assured, “Y'know, that’s the best compliment I’ve ever gotten in my life.” Gently, he patted Steve’s hamstring. “Alright, turn over again. Let me slap some gauze on the cut on your thigh.”
And Tony, tactful as he was, changed the subject, telling Bruce about how he’d lost his tech, piece by piece, and then about the SOS he’d sent out to SHIELD the other night. “I don’t know if they got my message or not,” he said, over the soft snap of twigs under his shoes. He tried for casual, but fell a little short of the mark. “But fingers crossed.”
Tony smiled against Steve’s skin. He took the hint. “I’ve been better,” he said, surprised by how easily the words came out, considering that was his go-to response whenever someone asked. He supposed they did ring true, though. “I don’t feel any different. A bit more anxious than usual, maybe, that I’ll say something stupid or embarrassing or something I didn’t mean to. It’s weird, actually having to think before I speak.”
“Being an optimist,” he murmured. “Makes it harder to say all of this.”
Tony whistled. “Wow. Any more khaki and you’d be Steve Irwin.”
“Or three. No one’s ever taken this many doses before, he doesn’t know for sure.”
He’s not sure whether it’s a good sign or a bad one that he’s somehow, against all odds, managed to render Tony speechless, but it’s strange and a little uncomfortable and Steve can’t stand the suffocating silence so he fills it himself.
Unable to bite back his grin, Tony held them at an arm’s length, looking the boys up and down to make sure that they weren’t hurt, then let his gaze wander over to Bruce. He had a small cut on his forehead, curly hair slicked back with sweat, but other than that, they all seemed to be in good shape — albeit slightly slack-jawed at whatever was behind Tony.
“Marry me.”
Steve’s ears turn pink, but he still cracks a smile. “Getting there.”
The beach was on the way to the backup power generator, but before they could reach either destination, they were accosted. Again. By the same pack of velociraptors. Or at least Tony assumed it was the same pack — the one in front was especially eyeing him, like it wanted payback for being flipped like an extra in the
The idea of having any kind of relaxing experience here flew out the window pretty quickly though, when the helicopter soared over a clear meadow on its way to the landing pad. Walls had been erected into pens in the open areas — tall, thick walls, barbed at the top and electrified, and it seemed more and more likely that what Osborn had to show him was his own personal knock-off Alcatraz.
“How does it feel? We can get it resized, if it’s not snug enough.”
Nothing happened.
Steve and Tony exchanged a deliberating look and a shrug; the rest of the team, a varying array of startled looks and smirks. They were all so taken aback that no one even thought to point out the foul language. It was a pleasant surprise.
Tony plucked them both out of Scott’s loose grip, handing one of the vials over to Steve. “Positive,” he assured, though his answer might’ve been undermined by the long pause that immediately followed. He glanced at the familiar amber liquid, then back to Scott. “This is the correct dose, right? I mean, I do love a good party, but… just this once, I don’t want it to get
Or a better view.
Steve offered a sheepish, apologetic smile when he met Tony’s gaze again, and Tony couldn’t help but return it, handing him gauze pads and tape as directed, and trying not to notice how the sunlight would catch on Steve’s eyelashes whenever he looked up in thanks.
It was even underlined. Three times.
Tony flicked him again.
It took Tony a moment to understand what Steve was asking, too preoccupied with how little those SHIELD-issued boxer-briefs left to the imagination. “Oh, yeah, sure,” he said, belatedly, dropping to his knees.
, but on the other,
, and so it didn’t seem too unreasonable to want to figure out just how in the hell this was even possible.
“I meant it when I said that your looks aren’t what I fell in love with. Don’t get me wrong, they’re a definite bonus, but they’re not what’s important. What I really, truly love about you is how you make me laugh, how you know exactly what to say after I’ve had a long day. How you take care of me. I love it when you sing in the shower and play footsie with me under the conference table during briefings and talk to the bots like they’re human when you come down to the lab. You make me so damn happy, sweetheart, and more than that, you make me a better person. At least I think so. I hope so. In any case, it’s not an easy thing to do, but you make it seem so simple.
Bruce just shook his head, glancing out the window at the stretch of tarmac spread out before them. “Honestly? I have no idea.”
Tony nodded, though his brows furrowed slightly in concern, lips curling into a small frown. As much as he wanted to, he didn’t push, didn’t ask; he just let Steve take a minute to summon his courage and speak at his own pace.
Tony glanced over at the kids. Eyes wide with fear, but otherwise unharmed; it was the exact same expression as they wore last night, during their botched safari ride that had so rudely been interrupted by that damn T-Rex. A wave of deja vu washed over Tony when he heard that roar again, louder this time, closer. The ground shook under the weight of heavy feet.
There was just something about Steve that made everything so easy. Sitting next to him, even this island was starting to become bearable.
And anyway, it was all for a good cause, because by the end of that highly embarrassing and surprisingly detailed story, Tony had discovered a few loopholes in the truth serum’s abilities. Sure, it wasn’t much, but they were all he had so far, and he planned on taking advantage of them as best he could while it slowly but surely wore off.
“Does it hurt?” Steve murmured after a long moment.
“You do biochem?”
Steve cocked a brow.
So, as Scott turned around to rummage through the contents of the fridge, Tony took the opportunity to make a break for it, quietly slipping out of the kitchen. He almost pulled it off too, but just as he reached the doorway, Scott looked up, a carton of two-day-old chow mein in hand, and asked, “Do you mind if I finish off these— Oh, hey, where are you going?”
And sure enough, Tony recognized the shape of one of SHIELD’s quinjets overhead, flying low as if about to land. It passed by them, no matter how much Bruce, Harry, and Peter jumped up and down, yelling and waving their arms wildly to catch its attention, and Tony, even though he shushed them immediately—an instinctive reaction already—was smiling too, gaze following its path. “The coast,” he said, ushering the others in the direction of the aircraft. For the first time since the helicopter landed on Isla Nublar, nearly two days ago to the hour now, Tony let out a breath of unadulterated relief. Something in his chest, just below the arc reactor, finally eased. “C’mon, they’re landing on the beach.”
When they finally arrived at the kiosk, Tony and the kids gave Bruce some privacy to shop around, waiting for him on the other side of the path where they’d found a nearby tree to sit under. It was a clear day, no dinosaurs in sight, and while Tony had the niggling suspicion in the back of his mind that that would change sooner or later, the moment, here, under the cool shade of a conifer, was nice. He wouldn’t go so far as to say
When Tony turned back around, he found himself staring a Tyrannosaurus Rex square in the eye, the dinosaur’s face all but pressed up against the windshield. Off in the distance, through the patter of rain, he could see that there was now a large rip in the previously electrified fence.
And for the first time since he got to Isla Nublar—for the first time in months, really—Tony knew wholeheartedly that everything was going to be okay.
“Sometimes I think you don’t see just how amazing you really are, but, if you’ll let me, I want to spend the rest of my life showing you.”
Steve laughs, but his tone is earnest as he says, “I don’t need a ring. Or pants. All I need is you.”
Right.
The T-Rex, frustrated with the lack of bounty in the car, turned its gaze back on the path, landing right on Tony, Harry, and Peter in the middle of their measured retreat.
It’s short and sweet, the two of them smiling against each other’s lips too much to really deepen it, and when Tony finally pulls back, it’s just enough to murmur, “Is that a yes?”
When Bruce took a step forward, it took all Tony had not to step back. At least now his expression had changed from cruel to curious, and Tony had never been good at crisis resolution, but there was something reassuring about the furrow of Bruce’s brow that prompted Tony to continue, soothing and gentle.
Except for the fact that Tony had no idea where they were, too caught up in their adrenaline-fueled escape that he hadn’t made a point to keep track of which turns they’d made or which landmarks they’d passed. He just needed a map or JARVIS or—
“So, to boast,” Bruce said flatly, before Tony had a chance to.
Steve, still a little bit shaky, a little bit breathless, managed a smile bright enough to give the stars a run for their money. “Really?”
Tony caught Steve’s hand, raising it to his lips to press a kiss to his knuckles. “I know, I know, but… I want this. Anybody can
Tony huffed out a laugh at that, but his own smile soon faltered when he turned his attention back to the task at hand. “This might sting, sorry,” he said, and before Steve could ask why, Tony began cleaning away the blood with the wipe as gently as he could. The package said they contained isopropyl alcohol, so hopefully it’d keep Steve from getting an infection, at least until a real doctor could take a look at him.
“Okay, Fury fell asleep reading the kids a bedtime story. But, uh, don’t ever mention that again, especially not in front of him. So. There’s only three bedrooms left and seven of us,” Clint said as they all regrouped in the kitchen a couple hours after dinner. “We’re going to have to approach this strategically.”
“So,” Tony said after a moment, just casually, like he hadn’t been thinking about this non-stop for the past twenty-four hours. “We’re off the island.”
Bruce was off to the lab, to watch baby dinosaurs hatch and hopefully talk some sense into the scientists there, leaving Tony alone to wait for the Jeep that was set to take him around the parts of the island they didn’t get to yesterday.
Tony hummed, knowing and sympathetic, and reached up to cup Steve’s cheek, thumb sweeping over the apple of it. “Hey, what’s up? You okay?” he asked, even though he already had a pretty good idea of what Steve’s answer was likely to be. He hadn’t been taking it too well, the transformation back into his pre-serum body, though it wasn't hard to understand why — Tony couldn’t even imagine what it must’ve been like, all of Steve’s old ailments flooding back, all of his insecurities and self-deprecations. He’d been benched until they could find a way to get reverse the spell, and that was the biggest kick in the teeth of all, Steve had admitted the first night after that battle, feeling so small and worthless, especially next to all these extraordinary people who could do extraordinary things.
believe in signs, there would be no doubt in his mind that fate or the cosmos or whatever cruel, eldritch god was ruling his life absolutely did not want him to propose to Steve.
It seemed as though Steve had read his mind, because he supplied, “I saw a cave on the way here, while I was searching for you. It’s not too far off, and it didn’t seem like any creatures made a home of it yet.”
Tony flops down beside him, stretching out until he has his arms draped over the back of the couch and his feet propped up on the coffee table. Immediately, Steve snuggles closer until their thighs are pressed against each other and he can drop his head onto Tony’s shoulder.
“Jesus, Tony,” Steve said, biting his lip. “The ceremony hasn’t even started and you’re already gonna make me tear up.”
Cap, distracted, whirled around, and the velociraptor he’d just hit in the chest retaliated by kicking him in the calf, the claw on one of its toes—
Even though Tony had explicitly called shotgun, he and Bruce were stuck in the backseat of the Jeep, while Osborn and his driver were in front.
. Because the thing is, while Tony liked kids enough—was
It’s not a
“Ready.”
in Afghanistan.
They stay like that for a long, peaceful moment.
Bruce had tried to tie the jacket around his waist, but all that did was leave his ass hanging out like a flimsy hospital gown and send Tony into another fit of poorly-concealed laughter, so for most of the trek he just held it in front of him as he grumbled about Tetanus shots and how he wished the Hulk hadn’t ruined a perfectly good pair of shoes.
Tony clamped his mouth shut, only unclenching his teeth after a few seconds had gone by and he didn’t blurt out anything else. Ridiculously, his first thought on the matter was,
“You don’t know that for sure.”
“Because you seem kinda... off,” Tony continues, leaning against the door to the walk-in closet as he unfastens his cufflinks and unbuttons his shirt. “You were spaced out for most of dinner, and you’ve been... I don’t know, weirdly jumpy the past week, and you keep giving me this look like I forgot to wish you happy birthday. Except I didn’t, because your birthday’s next month.”
The next part of the tour was both an informative guide and a kiddie roller-coaster all in one, their seats travelling on a track from one section to the next before looping back around to the theatre. Maybe before he’d actually seen one of the dinos, up close and personal, he might’ve protested some of the science—or at least looked to Bruce with a raised brow—but as it were, Tony just accepted whatever Osborn’s pack of scientists said as word, and left it at that. He didn’t have much of a background in biology anyway, not enough to catch or point out any of the flaws in their logic.
The velociraptors stopped too. They stood up straight, looking to each other and chittering softly.
“Hey, it’s okay, you’re okay,” Steve was saying, repeating it like a mantra. It sounded practiced, but no less sincere, and Tony couldn’t help but wonder exactly how long Steve had been trying to comfort him. “I’m right here with you, everything’s gonna be alright. We’re in a cave in Isla Nublar. You were having a bad dream, but you’re safe now.”
By the time it turned back, Tony and the kids were already gone.
“I know, I know. Not sure if that’s a problem I can fix right this second, though,” Tony replied, kneeling down next to the log. He looked over Peter, just a quick assessment of any injuries, but it seemed like he was fine. Just a little shaken up. Harry, however, had a worrying trickle of dried blood on his temple, right under his hairline, that he must’ve gotten from the car crash. Gently and a little uncertainly, Tony prodded at the area around it. “Does that hurt?”
Steve stares for a long moment, feeling his heart jump into his throat.
The serum, he supposed, was intended for interrogations, not casual conversations.
, Tony wanted to say.
Tony hums dubiously, and when Steve turns back around, hoping to slip out of the room without making a bigger deal of the situation than need be, Tony stops him dead in his tracks with a gentle hand on Steve’s chest.
Maybe he’d just seen too many sci-fi movies over the years not to be wary of messing around with genetics.
Steve all but melts at the words, and just when he thinks he can’t possibly love Tony any more than he already does, he catches sight of an inscription written along the inside of the ring.
“First time for everything, hm?”
It landed about three steps away, just out of reach, and both Cap and the velociraptor followed its trajectory to the ground, leaving a circular indent in the sand around it.
It was a while before his sobs eventually dwindled down into sniffling and the beginnings of a headache, and Tony finally unfolded himself from his position, wiping at his eyes with the back of his hand, his nose with the sleeve of his shirt. The knees of his jeans were damp.
By the way he let out a quiet gasp in response, Tony thought that his boyfriend was just dumbfounded by the gesture, overwhelmed even, until Steve’s breath hitched in a funny way and Tony realized it was because he couldn’t breathe.
Bruce looked at him warily, like he knew what Tony was thinking—and God, Tony really hoped he did, hoped he wouldn’t wait for him, wouldn’t pass go, wouldn’t collect two hundred dollars, would just get the kids out of here—but nodded nonetheless. “Got it.”
Tony shook his head fondly, his smile only growing as he held up the ring once more. “Steven Grant Rogers, will you marry me?”
Curious, Steve tracked the motion with his gaze, to the glow of the reactor visible through the thin white of Tony’s shirt. And while it was evident that he wanted to ask about it, he kept his mouth shut. Thank God for small mercies.
“What can I say,” he finally manages. “You’re my muse."
Five feet away, lying half buried in the sand, was the recognizable red, white, and blue of Captain America’s shield.
Steve hummed, like he was trying to conjure up an image of that. “Bet you were a cute kid.”
“C’mon, gimme that,” Steve said, easing the tin out of Tony’s hands. He took out the wipes, the gauze, and the little roll of medical tape, and for a moment Tony wondered if there was something he’d missed, thinking back to the fight. Thigh, calf, shoulder. But all those thoughts, growing increasingly concerned by the second, immediately halted at Steve’s next words. “Take your shirt off and get over here.”
Tony had been hoping to let it through pass his system without any mention to Steve, not wanting him to worry too much, especially when he had enough of his own problems to deal with at the moment. But, now that he was thinking about it, maybe it was better this way. He’d learned pretty early on in their relationship that there wasn’t much he could hide from Steve anyway, and since he’d already reached that quota of secrets until he actually, eventually proposed, it wouldn’t hurt to have Steve be a little more cautious about what he said around Tony in the meantime.
“I’m not,” Tony rushed to assure, his mouth moving before his brain even had a chance to catch up. Once it did though, he realized he had no choice but to go through with this, extravagant proposal be damned — because, really, the only thing worse than a poorly planned proposal was taking back an accidental one. “I’ve been seriously considering this for… a couple months, at least.”
Honestly, considering his track record with spontaneous declarations, this one acting as runner-up only to his televised admission to being Iron Man, Tony shouldn’t have been nearly as surprised as he was. And really, neither should Steve, given how familiar he was with his boyfriend’s theatrics.
The hours passed by quicker than Tony realized, even though they didn’t end up actually spotting as many dinosaurs as they’d hoped for, and soon enough the clouds had disappeared, the sky darkening. The beginnings of a storm loomed overhead, raindrops just starting to drum against the windshield.
“Good,” Tony breathed, beaming, and before Steve had a chance to say anything even remotely sentimental about that, he closed what little distance there was between them and pressed his lips to Steve’s. Just like before, Tony melted into it, forgetting for a moment about the park or Osborn or way his side still ached numbly, and giving himself over to Steve like he’d grown so used to doing in the last twenty-four hours. Steve held him like a fragile thing, kissed him softly and sweetly, and while usually Tony would’ve protested being treated so delicately, maybe it was just what he needed after the last couple days. Maybe it was what they both needed.
“Perfect,” Tony said, trying with all his might to sound like he actually meant it. About the jungle thing— Yeah, scratch that, he’d take a dino-infested wilderness over a cold, damp cave any day. But it was their best shot, and at least it’d keep them out of sight from the velociraptors, even if just for a little while. “Lead the way, Cap.”
There was one thing that hadn’t changed, despite Steve’s new size: they still fit perfectly together. It didn’t matter so much who was the big spoon or the little one, who was taller or stronger or heavier, when Tony tucked his nose against the nape of Steve’s neck, breathing in the familiar scent of his shampoo, it felt the same.
The look that crossed Steve’s face after he pulled away—something like shock, like confusion—would’ve been almost comical if it didn’t make Tony’s heart drop right into his stomach.
“Ah, right,” he laughed, getting back to his feet. He made a grand, sweeping gesture toward Steve, hanging back by the entryway. “Guess who I ran into on the way here.”
He was breathless by the time Steve pulled back, but Tony didn’t let him get too far, nudging Steve’s nose with his own, letting their foreheads rest against each other.
“Ah,” Tony said, his grin almost smug as he settled against the hard back of his chair and crossed his arms over his chest. Osborn knew he’d figured it out, by the way his expression seemed to lose some of its previous irritation; still, Tony could see through it, could see how much Osborn resented having to ask for this. “You need someone to bankroll your dinosaur safari.”
“No, no, it’s good. It feels… right.” Steve tore his adoring gaze away from the ring, to glance over at Tony instead. “I love it,” he murmured. “I love you.”
Tony smiled, rewarding him with a kiss. “You wouldn’t be useless, y’know. And you’re definitely not weak,” he told Steve. “I mean, sure, you can’t deadlift four hundred pounds and now neither of us can reach the top shelf in the pantry, but you’re still smart and brave and the best tactician the team could ever dream of having. Being Cap isn’t what makes you strong, Steve, and it isn’t the reason I fell in love with you, either — you were strong on your own, before any of that happened. And even now, you’re still the same in all the ways that matter.”
These were the same people that didn’t catch a whiff of Bruce and Natasha’s budding romance even as it was being announced, so the bar for Steve’s expectations was only about an inch off the ground. He had to admit, though, it was nothing if not entertaining.
“I have a plan, okay?” he assured. As far as plans went, though, this one was a little more dubious than most. Even so, they were running out of options and it didn’t seem like the kids had any better ideas, crying notwithstanding. “It’s only gonna buy us a couple seconds, so we need to move quick. On my cue, we’re gonna make a break for it, to the trees on the left. Got it?”
“Oh, honey.” Tony didn’t know what to do except pull his boyfriend even closer, gently carding a hand through his hair as he just held him for a moment, pressing featherlight kisses to Steve’s face: his cheeks, his nose, over each closed eyelid as Steve tried fruitlessly to will away the tears already gathering in the corners of his eyes. “I promise, I’m not leaving you, and definitely not over something like this. You should know by now, I’m in this for the long haul.” Tentatively, he added, “Steve, sweetheart, can you look at me? Please? I’ve got something pretty important to say too, and I need to make sure you know.”
In Tony’s defense, he didn’t laugh. He couldn’t help his snicker, though. “Sorry,” he said, clapping Bruce on the shoulder once the man had gracelessly stood up, jacket held firmly in front of him. “But hey, listen, I’ve been experimenting with different fabrics for my undersuits. Once we get out of here, I can help you design an entire Hulk wardrobe if you want.” Just teasing, he added, “How do you feel about a nice, stretchy three-piece suit?”
God, if only he’d brought an updated mark of the suit, one that he could actually call to him on command; if only he had
Steve tucked his face against Tony’s neck, warm breath on his throat as he chided, without any real heat, “Stop that.”
A couple feet away, one of the velociraptors twitched, whimpering.
Once Bruce was no longer naked and afraid, he caught them up on what had happened back at the resort. Apparently, sometime last night, as Tony and the kids were out on the last leg of their tour, the power grid and security systems were completely shut off, and while it was possible that it had something to do with the storm, Osborn had insisted, instead, that it was the work of a disgruntled employee. Which Tony could understand, not wanting to work for Osborn, but even he had to admit, this was getting to be a little over-the-top.
in the past week: being able to call Tony his husband, wearing matching rings, vowing to commit to each other for the rest of their lives. And while Steve certainly plans on being with Tony for as long as he can—forever, hopefully—whether they’re married or not, there’s just something about the simple act of celebrating their love, surrounded by all the important people in their lives, that appeals to the romantic in Steve.
thing — and it has nothing to do with Steve at all.
Tony hums as he takes the ring, slipping it onto Steve’s finger. “And it belongs entirely to you.”
Between the two of them, the baggie of granola didn’t last more than fifteen minutes; they passed it back and forth as they sat by the mouth of the cave and watched the sun sink below the horizon.
Tony thought back to his first meeting with Steve, the hours spent talking and playing doctor, the feeling of Steve’s lips on his, Steve’s hands brushing over the reactor, Steve’s fingers in his hair. Only belatedly did Tony notice Bruce gesturing to the tear in the side of his shirt, and he simply replied, “Oh, that. It’s kind of a long story, I’ll tell you when we’re back on home soil.” It was Tony’s turn to look at Bruce expectantly. “So, c’mon, don’t keep me in suspense. Did you get the power back on?”
“Stop what?”
Tony did, but instead of letting himself work in silence, he found himself saying, “You know, when I was a kid, I had an embarrassing number of Captain America action figures. All of the comic books, too. Posters on my bedroom wall, the whole nine yards.”
, in comparison, I know, is kinda underwhelming—”
Steve furrowed his brows. “Little tired, but I’ll live. Why?”
, so fuckin’ absurd, all of it. The island, the dinosaurs,
“Listen, about yesterday, I was just wondering—”
was corny, for sure.”
Steve slips into an oversized t-shirt and a pair of pajama pants, turned away from Tony with the excuse of modesty. Really, he just doesn’t want to look him in the eyes as he says, “Sorry, I’m just tired today, that’s all.”
He’d brought the armour with him, sitting tauntingly in the passenger seat, but he couldn’t put it on while in the car and couldn’t get out without exposing himself to a carnivorous dinosaur. It was a damned if he did, damned if he didn’t kind of situation, and while he wouldn’t have had a second thought about his chances of survival either way if he was by himself—though he probably would’ve gone for the suit in a second flat—now he had to think about what would get him and the kids out of this as safely as possible.
“Oh, I was,” Tony replied easily. Teasingly. “Got the photographic evidence to back it up, too.”
Tony reciprocates with a smile of his own, soft and warm, one that feels entirely like home. “See you tonight. Seven sharp, don’t be late. And wear cufflinks!”
“Look,” Peter said, sounding absolutely delighted, like he’d run into some adorable puppy on the street. “It’s like a tiny velociraptor.”
It was only a slight relief when he realized they belonged to humans. Tiny humans. Tiny human
He’s still not looking at him, but Steve’s been with Tony long enough to know that he’s standing in the doorway, debating whether to come closer or to leave some space between them.
So he pulls his sketchbook out of his messenger bag, opens it to a fresh page, and—
Well, not quite as bad. But definitely not anything he could suppress either, no matter how hard he tried.
situation on his hands.
“Tony Stark,” he said, “but you already knew that.”
“It probably is,” Bruce said, watching it warily. “Maybe we should get away from here, go a little farther inland.”
Steve turns the planer around, nudging it closer to Tony. “Looks like someone’s got a crush,” he says in a giddy sing-song that immediately earns him a fond eye-roll from his fiancé.
The Avengers started trickling in a little after nine, one after the other. First Thor, who woke up after Tony dropped a pan and subsequently exclaimed, “This is why I don’t cook!” Then Natasha, wrapped in a bathrobe, her hair dripping wet. Bruce, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. Laura, the kids, and finally Clint, in his underwear.
It started with a phone call.
“I drank it.”
It started when Steve and Tony woke up (read: Steve had to force Tony out of bed) to make breakfast for the Bartons and the rest of the team. Steve got dressed, Tony got decent, and they shuffled past Thor snoring on the couch and into the kitchen, where Fury stood, leaning against the counter and drinking orange juice like he’d been there all night. Steve wasn’t entirely sure he hadn’t. Either way, Fury was absolutely no help when it came to cooking up the eggs and bacon, which was saying a lot because even Tony pitched in some — by slipping bread in the toaster, drinking all the coffee, and overtly admiring Steve wearing an apron.
kind of situation on their hands, even though it had been pretty touch and go up until this point, Tony just said, “I was ready two days ago. Let’s get this show on the road.”
Which was just fucking perfect timing, really — the one time Tony tried to be optimistic this whole trip, and look where it got him. And all before he’d managed to get his hands on a cup of coffee, too.
The tiny velociraptor returned to its parents, but they still didn’t seem satisfied.
It’s Steve’s turn to be speechless now, and it takes a handful of half-finished sentences before he manages to find the right words. “If you’re doing this just to humor me...”
He let out a small sigh of relief, grinning even as he leaned in to steal a kiss, their noses bumping and teeth clashing, laughing into each other’s mouths. “Yeah? It wasn’t too corny, was it? I had this whole romantic speech written out, but I couldn’t remember it for the life of me.”
The man nodded politely, pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose before reaching out to give Tony’s hand a firm shake. “Bruce Banner.”
“Right,” Tony replied dubiously. “Let’s see what we’re working with here before we make any definitive statements.” He rattled the tin of Altoids — or, uh, not-Altoids. “Alright, this isn’t something I usually say before paying for a drink, at the very least, but I’m gonna need you to drop your pants.”
“We’re gonna need Bruce—Dr. Banner—to check that out once we get back,” Tony said, mostly to himself. “And we’re gonna need to get out of the cold. And food, eventually.”
Steve was going to be the death of him, Tony was sure of that.
“No, really,” he said, tracing an X just over his heart — or, well, just over where his heart used to be, nearer the left side of his chest. “I can’t even tell you how many times I dressed up as Cap for Halloween. I had a little plastic shield and everything.”
They’d spent the rest of the afternoon talking—between phases of Steve stubbornly insisting they still had time to make it back to the quinjet by evening, then nearly falling over as he tried to hobble out of the cave—which was… Well, to be honest, it was probably the most fun Tony had in the last couple months. The last year, even. It was both relieving and relaxing not have to put on a face for Steve, to be himself without expectation. To be scared so openly, frustrated, hurt. To be tired and dirty and disheveled. Steve had already seen his bare, bruised, beating heart without running in the opposite direction so Tony thought he was doing okay, for once.
He pretended to think about it, breaking into a wide smile a moment later. “I suppose that’s a fair deal.”
The dinosaur took a step back, ready to bolt, and Tony just held his hands up placatingly, speaking barely above a whisper. “Hey, little guy. Where’d you get that?” he asked, as if there was any chance he’d receive an answer. “How about you give that to me, and we’ll be on our way, okay? We’re not gonna hurt you.”
Osborn interjected before they could get too off-topic, but Tony made a mental note to talk to Bruce some more later. Maybe once they were stateside again. “And Mr. Stark—”
“Of Dr. Banner’s seven PhDs,” Osborn amended, “especially the one in biochemistry, I feel like he fits the bill.”
Although, not without first admitting to Bruce that, once, in college, he’d drank an entire bottle of perfume, thinking it was scotch, and explaining how, that same night, he’d done the walk of shame across campus in nothing but a pair of high-tops and Fruit of the Loom tighty-whiteys, but hey, all things considered, there were much worse confessions he could’ve made in the name of science.
By the morning, Steve could walk again, albeit stiffly, and Tony took his time to check over his stitches before they finally set out in search of the jet. They didn’t talk about the kiss, or last night, or the fact that Tony had woken up with his head pillowed on Steve’s chest and feigned sleep for an extra ten minutes just to feel the hand carding gently through his hair. They hardly talked at all, both tired and hungry, dead on their feet, but the silence was companionable, comfortable, and Tony spent most of it thinking about what he’d do as soon as they got off the island: have a shower, a shave, and a twenty-hour nap. Get his best lawyers to shut down the park. Put on his favourite suit and take Steve out to dinner. Punch Osborn in the face.
“They’re gonna be more intuitive than anything on the market right now. More accessible, easier to use, and all at a way lower cost, too,” Tony rambles on, like he’s prone to do when he’s especially excited. He gesticulates with the fork in his hand, fusilli speared on the tines. “I’ve already drafted up a proposal and showed it to the guys down at R&D today. They say that it’s definitely doable. We might even be able to get a beta out by the end of the quarter, and if all goes well, a full product launch by the end of the year.”
There isn’t much that brings a blush to Tony’s cheeks, but that simple sentence never fails to do the trick. “How about some champagne?” he suggests, already flagging down the waiter. “Toast to a productive day at work — might as well commemorate the occasion while we can, it could be a while before it happens again.”
Clint stared. Thor stared. Bruce stared.
Their first course of action was to locate the merchandise kiosk Bruce claimed he had passed by not too long ago, a round little hut standing a couple feet away from another outhouse. If there was one thing worse than going up against a gang of velociraptors, it was going up a gang of velociraptors while fully nude — or so Tony could imagine. Preventative measures, and all that.
‘I do,’ that’s the easy part; it takes a lot more to actually
“Mr. Stark,” Harry whispered, a tremor just barely noticeable in his voice. “I don’t know if that’s gonna make a difference. T-Rexes have really good vision.”
A gauntlet, he realized upon closer inspection, taking a step forward without thinking. It was a little worse for wear, smashed up in some places, cracked in others, but it was, for the most part, still intact. Even one gauntlet was better than nothing.
Bruce and Tony, after over two straight days of being cooped up in the lab, had pretty much exhausted every lead they had so far on figuring out the super-soldier serum, from rooting around in Howard’s old journals to hacking into encrypted SHIELD files to analyzing blood samples. Their next best bet was to wait for Thor to get some answers out of his idiot brother—because
“You okay?” he asked, and the question hadn’t gotten any less loaded now that they were in the relative safety of the quinjet. “I mean, what happened after I left?”
Tony gaped.
perfect.”
“If only the kids could hear you now,” Tony tutted in mock-seriousness. He dropped the act seconds later, cracking a smile. “That’s five dollars in the swear jar, Captain.”
“I don’t have a ring,” he confesses, after another moment passes. “I mean, I do have a ring, I just... don’t have it here. It’s down in the lab.” Tony chuckles, bashful and apologetic, taking a moment to look down at himself. He looks kind of ridiculous, but in a way that Steve finds hopelessly endearing: his hair’s mussed without any pomade keeping it in place, he’s wearing Captain America socks with matching shield boxers, and he lifts his hands like he’s not quite sure what to do with them before finally settling them on Steve’s knees, meeting his gaze once more. “I didn’t expect to be proposing tonight, I’m a little under-prepared. If I had known in advance, I might’ve kept my pants on.”
It didn’t take much more convincing than that, though Bruce did offer a smile that was a little too melancholy before he left.
“I dabble,” Bruce told Tony, almost bashful about the fact.
that the mere thought made Tony’s heart start to work in double-time.
A flutter of wings filled the air, as dinosaurs in the treetops suddenly fled to the skies, and immediately after, dead silence. The wind whistled, after a long moment.
Even without the truth serum apparently running through his system, Tony wouldn’t know how to answer that. He was tired and numb from being in the lab for so long, his vision starting to blur at the edges, his coordination off, his shoulders stiff from being hunched over his desk. His left leg had fallen asleep sometime during the conversation, the static, pins-and-needles feeling shooting up his calf whenever he so much as rolled his ankle. There was a crick in his neck that he hadn’t even noticed until now.
It was a long shot, sure, but he could still hold out hope — as little as he had.
“Yeah, well, I had a replica I used to play around with as a kid,” he answered with a shrug, as if they hadn’t just been a hair’s breadth from death. He held out a hand. “Tony Stark, if you haven’t figured it out by now.”
this was Loki’s doing—and while that particular problem was tabled for now, Tony and Bruce turned their attention elsewhere.
“I got this,” he insisted. “Just go!”
“Seven,” Bruce supplied helpfully.
As worn and thin and tattered as it may have been, the second Tony let the shirt slip off his shoulders and to the ground, he felt more exposed than he ever had in his life. More naked, more vulnerable. His heart was right there on display in a glass case, his scars and soul bared. Steve was really the fourth person to see him like this, after Yinsen, Rhodey, and Pepper, but it wasn’t any easier this time, not under the weight of his keen, sympathetic gaze, the feather-light brush of fingertips against the tangle of scars.
“Hey! What’d you do that for?”
Faintly, he was aware of Bruce sitting down beside him, letting out a soft little, “Holy shit” under his breath. He seemed to have forgone blinking as his gaze tracked the Brachiosaurus, and for a moment there, neither of them even breathed.
“Mr. Stark! Mr. Stark!”
But here, Steve’s hands on him were like a cool balm, and Tony only replied, “Sometimes.”
So it was only a matter of time before one of the velociraptors finally attacked, getting close enough to swipe a claw at him, catching him in the side, followed in succession by a swift kick that just narrowly missed his thigh. Tony reached out to touch the cut just under his ribs: it wasn’t deep, but his hand came back sticky with blood, and his shirt now had a long tear from the seam in his side right down to his navel.
“Five bucks.”
Even after all this time, the words never fail to make Steve’s stomach flutter, and he preens under the attention, stealing a kiss, a real one, before he lets Tony wander to the other side of the kitchen to rummage through the fridge.
Admittedly, he wasn’t too proud of what he did next, but with Steve’s baby blues trained on him like that, his attention undivided, heady, with the way they were sitting close enough that they were pressed against each other from knee to hip to shoulder, well, Tony couldn’t stop himself.
“Stark, if you want to talk about playing God, maybe you should discuss Banner’s research. He’s no stranger to working with manipulated genetics, are you, Bruce?”
“You don’t feel woozy or anything, do you?”
He was so earnest that Tony couldn’t help but believe him, and one glance at the look on Steve’s face told Tony that he didn’t need any more of an explanation. There were few people on the planet who could understand what this was like without needing it to be put into words, and Steve, by some miracle, was one of them. It was easy with him, and Tony found himself truly relaxing—limbs loose, mind clear, heart steady—for the first time since he arrived on Isla Nublar.
“Yes.”
It wasn’t a total win, though, because one of the other velociraptors quickly took its place, jaw snapping a little too close to Tony for comfort, and he fired again, this time at the second dinosaur’s chest. But the gauntlet was quickly running out of juice, and the shaky beam had practically no effect.
But despite the poise and certainty he managed to feign for the others’ sake, it didn’t take more than a minute or two after their departure before Tony felt as though this might’ve been a terrible idea. The velociraptors were back on their feet quickly enough, and the repulsor was getting more sluggish after each shot, each beam less powerful than the last.
Steve ran a hand down Tony’s sleeve, smoothing out his jacket. “We don’t have to do this, if you don’t want to,” he said, with that soft little smile that Tony had first fallen in love with. “Whatever you say up there, I’ll believe you anyway, you know that.”
“Yeah, no, probably not. I didn’t either,” Tony replied easily, retrieving an unopened pack of moist towelettes from the kit. “And, uh. Just to assure you, those aren’t common in the twenty-first century. You’re not gonna look outside and see a triceratops walking down the carpool lane. Probably.”
Steve’s suit was like Mary Poppins’ handbag. They’d hardly stepped into the mouth of the cave—small, empty, lit by the slowly setting sun in the distance—before he slumped against the nearest wall, unzipping pockets Tony hadn’t even noticed were there and triaging his injuries.
That said, Tony didn’t have too many alternatives, and it took one glance at the lumpy, worn-down couch in the corner of the room—and the feeling of a phantom backache from the last time he’d crashed down here—for him to decide to risk it. Sleeping was an easy way to waste away the next couple hours anyway, without having to fret about anyone, either intentionally or otherwise, taking advantage of the truth serum. “Yeah, that’s probably a good idea,” he finally decided, following Bruce out of the lab and into the elevator, the lights automatically turning off behind them, monitors shutting down, and holographs slowly flickering away.
“Tony, c’mon, we can—”
Tony scrubbed his hands over his face, breathing in deeply, gulping down air like a starved man. The worst part about all of this—and it was difficult to choose just one—was that he really thought he’d been doing okay, thought he was finally getting better. Back in New York, JARVIS had just figured out which conditions to keep the bedroom so this exact kind of thing wouldn’t happen, and for a while there, the nightmares had stopped. Not entirely, but they came less frequently, and sometimes Tony could make it through the night without thrashing around fitfully. He knew that he needed to give it more time, his trauma, and he knew that it wouldn’t just up and disappear like he kept wishing it would, but this just seemed like a step backwards for his progress.
Tony picked up the radio, about to tell Osborn off for his shitty tech breaking down way too easily, but was only met with more static.
And just like that, like a boomerang that had taken thirty years to return, Tony’s childhood crush finally came back, and much stronger than before. The force of it hit Tony hard enough to leave him winded, and Steve paused in the middle of his sentence to furrow his brows and give Tony a quick, concerned once-over. And God, that was definitely not helping, the way Steve just cared so much and so fully, even though they hardly even knew each other, and Tony was sure that deep down under the reactor his heart was growing three times its size.
Tony grinned, clinking their vials together. “Bottoms up, baby.”
Ah, fuck.
“For what you called that T-Rex,” Harry explained, and he was so dead serious Tony couldn’t help the amused, under-the-breath laugh that left his lips. “That’s another two dollars in the swear jar.”
“Of course,” Tony said dryly, leaning over to root through the glove compartment for a spare key to start up the ignition. All he found was a stick of gum and a pamphlet. The car ran on a track, so it didn’t actually require a driver, but that didn’t stop Tony from testing out each of the pedals, to no avail. They only had two ways of getting out of here: hotwire the car, or wait for the power to come back online. He was leaning toward the former, just because he knew it would piss Osborn off.  “And how much does a good old-fashioned F-bomb cost?”
Other than the facts that a) the world was ending
Tony stayed stock-still, hardly breathing. He was sure Steve could feel the hard thumping of his heart in its cage, making his chest shake with the force of it, but he was courteous enough not to say anything about it.
Tony didn’t believe in signs. He did whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted, regardless of whether or not the universe seemed to approve. Which was a good thing, really, because if he
,” he reads aloud.
“Then I guess you should try a little harder at wooing me,” Tony said, even though he already had a good idea of what his answer would be at the end of the weekend.
Thankfully, Steve interjected before Tony could ramble long into the night, the worry in his expression making way for something closer to bemusement. “You’re hurt,” he said simply, and before Tony could shove his foot further into his mouth, motioned toward his ribs.
Bruce considered that, and as he passed by Tony on the way to the automatic doors of the lab, gave his shoulder a light squeeze. “You should get some rest, you look like you need it.”
expected and probably never would’ve in a million years, was for Steve to sigh, resigned and defeated, and tell him, “I’d understand, y’know. If you want to leave me, I’d get it.”
“Right. Okay. Good,” Tony said, but placed a hand on Steve’s chest, just to pause him before he started to lean in again. “I was actually— I was wondering if you wanted to go to dinner sometime. With me. Not tonight, obviously, I think we both need some rest and you need to go to medical, but—”
Or, more accurately, it started with fifteen phone calls spread out over the course of four days, all of which had been rerouted directly to Tony’s voicemail. The only reason he’d answered the sixteenth was because he thought it had been Pepper on the other end of the line, about to chew him out for not getting the specs in for the new line of Stark Phones.
A part of Tony was glad that he didn’t have JARVIS with him for this particular fight; he didn’t want to know what his odds were here.
Steve carded a hand through Tony’s hair, giving him a fond smile. It was reciprocated. “I’m pretty sure they’d take credit for it either way.”
followed shortly by the echo of a pained cry.
And hey, there was an idea.
And heads so far up their asses they couldn’t see what was right in front of them, because now, they were all at it again. Steve didn’t say anything, though he did give Tony a knowing smile hidden behind a mug of apple cider. He wanted to see how this would play out.
, because he went on to say, “It’s not that I don’t believe in Thor or you or Bruce, it’s just that… It’s been almost a week, and nothing’s changed — and there’s a very real possibility that it might not, ever. I might be stuck like this. And I’ve been thinking about what that’ll mean. For the team. For us.”
And as Tony pulls out his phone to look through all the options on Postmates, throwing out suggestions every so often, Steve takes a moment to admire the sight: Tony’s profile, illuminated by the light of the screen; the brightness in his eyes every time he glances over; the way he bites his lip in thought, a small smile curling at the corners.
“You drank it, yeah.”
It really hits him, in tiny, mundane moments like these, just how much he loves Tony. There have been a lot of important people in Steve’s life, but this— This is different. The way he feels about Tony, it’s all-consuming, it’s intoxicating, and Steve’s just glad he’s gotten a good look at that calendar, otherwise he may have popped the question himself right then and there.
And while the whole scene did leave Tony taken aback, he quickly snapped out of it, picked up the shield, and threw it, just as he’d wanted to since he was five years old. It was heavier than it looked, but he got the job done well enough. Effortlessly, Cap reached out and caught it, slamming it against the throat of the nearest velociraptor until the creature was struggling for breath, and then lobbing it at the next one, catching it right in the chest. The last velociraptor snuck up on Cap from behind, but before Tony could call out some kind of warning, it shrieked, cuffing him in the shoulder.
He meant for it to be a brief kiss, just a
“Not quite.”
He didn’t talk to Osborn regularly—or ever, really—not even to gloat about how SI had made more of a profit in their first quarter than Oscorp did the whole year, but that was only due to an impressive amount of self-restraint of Tony’s part. (Not to mention, if he started calling up other companies to brag about how much better his was doing, he wouldn’t have time left in the day to get anything else done.) So when Osborn claimed to have something absolutely amazing to show him, something that would change the face of science forever, something that he’d bought an entire island to house, Tony had to admit, he was curious. Even if it did sound vaguely like the kind of bait a serial killer would use.
Bruce, of course, didn’t answer, but his mouth was pressed into a thin line, eyes closed, as he drew deep breaths. They were strapped into the ride, otherwise he probably would’ve gotten up and left, swam back to the States if it came to that. Tony had considered it more than once since their arrival.
. But before he could get anything out, Steve was doing that face again, the one he pulled whenever he wanted to mask how much pain he was actually in. It was a valiant attempt overall, Tony had to give him that, but even after a couple hours with the guy he’d figured out most of his tells. The important ones, anyway.
“Getting kinda late,” Clint said with an exaggerated yawn. “Should probably hit the hay.”
“I’m sure they did,” Bruce replied, though it wasn’t much of an assurance when he sounded just as uncertain.
Breakfast went well, all things considered. Nothing tried to kill them. Or blow up the farm. Or rip open a hole in the fabric of space. The kids ate quickly and went off to play with Auntie Nat, and Laura wasn’t quiet in expressing her gratitude for the meal.
. ‘Tis a common saying between Asgardian warriors.”
“Now, usually, I’d be all for it,” he started, trying to be deliberate with his words, even though all he could think about was the startling amount of seriousness in Steve’s expression, the lift of his brow, the curl of his fingers around the packet of gauze. “But, y’know, I haven’t showered in three days, and this is a fairly new reactor so I’m not too sure how well it’ll hold up against, ah, prolonged strenuous activity, and I am definitely not as prepared as you because I didn’t bring any—”
He fired, right at the dinosaur’s smug face, but the blast didn’t do much more than stun the creature. Until he realized afterwards, as it staggered around, tripping on the baby velociraptor chirping by its feet, that he must’ve temporarily blinded the creature.
The affection in Steve’s gaze was so clear it was almost overwhelming, his expression full of astonishment, of wonder, like Tony had thrown a lasso around the moon and pulled it down just for him. “You’re only saying that,” he murmured, strangely shy, hesitant. Unsure.
Still, even with all this new knowledge, all these tricks he could use, being under the spell of a truth serum wasn’t exactly a delight, and the sooner he could be rid of it, the better — the safer. Not just for Tony, but for everyone involved.
“Uh, thanks, Fabio, for those words of wisdom.”
Naturally, Bruce was right.
“Come on, Hulk up. Get angry,” Tony said, slipping a hand into the gauntlet. It was more snug than he remembered, and a piece of metal was digging uncomfortably into his thumb, but he hardly noticed as he aimed and took fire.
Bruce emerged after a few minutes, looking for all intents and purposes like some kind of safari tour guide, with khaki shorts that ended just above the knee and an oversized Jurassic Park t-shirt that matched his similarly logoed baseball cap. The shirt was, of course, tucked into his pants. Somehow, he managed to wrangle up some socks and hiking boots too, but despite the fact that he was no longer in his birthday suit, was obviously displeased at the fashion—or lack thereof—that the park’s merchandising offered. Bruce tugged at the hem of his shorts, grimacing as if wearing them physically pained him. “Why are these so tight? It’s making me itchy.”
The way they’d done it, in essence, was by cloning DNA they’d extracted from ancient, preserved mosquitos, and then using frog DNA to fill in any gaps in the sequence. Which was scrappy and ingenious and resourceful, as advancements in science often were — but also incredibly batshit crazy. And morally wrong. And Tony could talk into the morning about how impressed and terrified he was in equal measures, because dinosaurs? Also scrappy and resourceful, and if Oscorp didn’t think they’d all get a case of cabin fever sooner or later, they were in way over their heads.
One of the velociraptors lunged forward, jaws snapping, and Tony’s reflexes were just swift enough to pull Harry a step back before the dinosaur’s teeth could graze him. “Stay calm,” he murmured under his breath. He assumed he was murmuring, in any case. It was growing increasingly difficult for even his thoughts to be heard over the desperate pounding in his ears, the reactor working in double-time. “No waterworks this time around, alright? Can you do that for me?”
And Tony was fully prepared to agree, even though this was, so far, the only dinosaur they’d seen near the coast, on the smallest off-chance that there’d be more around. Pack animals, they wouldn’t leave one of their young by itself like that. Others had to be nearby, somewhere.
“Got it,” the boys echoed back.
Tony looked to Bruce, whose expression was probably a mirror of his own—wide-eyed, confused, wary—and even though they’d only known each other for about the span of five and a half hours now, they seemed to share the same thought.
“It was my first time making one of these,” Tony tells him, hands behind his back. “So. Go easy on me, okay?”
That, at least, made Steve’s lip quirk upwards, even if only the tiniest bit. “I love you too.”
He realizes he hasn’t said anything for a long moment, and just as Tony’s expectant look turns into something closer to worry, Steve pastes on a smile and reaches across the table to give his boyfriend’s—not his fiancé’s, not his husband’s—hand a gentle squeeze.
“Swear jar,” Harry and Peter chorused.
It took Tony a moment for his eyes to adjust to the blue glow of the arc reactor, and another for him to realize someone was speaking to him in soft, calming tones.
In fact, Steve manages to make it through the rest of the day before he even reaches for his sketchbook again. He’s back in the penthouse, lounging around in front of the TV and waiting for Tony to get home from his board meeting so they can decide what to have for dinner, when Steve catches sight of the Manhattan skyline outside the floor-to-ceiling windows. It’s the same view he gets every day, of course, but there’s just something about the way the sun is setting in the background, the oranges and pinks and purples all bleeding together so beautifully, that makes his fingers itch to capture it on paper.
“A truth serum.”
“Oh, no, I was just… You just surprised me, is all,” Steve hastened to assure. He reached out, took one of Tony’s hands between both of his, and offered one of those antiquated Boy Scout smiles, soft and sweet and genuine. “I’m not saying no, but I think it’d probably be best if we wait a little. Just until we get out of here.”
Of course, all those bleak and wary thoughts only hummed around in the back of his mind. The forefront he saved for the one question that had been eating at him since that first phone call. And while Tony didn’t want to provoke Bruce when he was already so wound up—which really just meant limiting his communication with Osborn—he couldn’t help but ask it anyway.
And Tony absolutely hated having to drag him into this, into all of the issues he’d tried so hard to hide, but what he hated even more was how Steve’s gentle coaching actually helped. It died down after a while, after it seemed like Tony’s breaths had steadied, and the subsequent stretch of silence was only broken by a quiet, tentative, “Want to talk about it?”
Tony leaned back against the trunk of the tree, the branches forming something of a hammock, surprisingly sturdy under him. Harry and Peter were curled up against his chest, close together in fear that they’d fall right down to the jungle floor otherwise. Tony had blanketed them with his suit jacket, despite its dampness; he wasn’t sure if it was any better, but at least it covered the dim, blue glow of the reactor, a clear target for any nearby predators.
It’s an hour later when Tony finally asks, though it’s not exactly the question Steve’s hoping for.
The kids had stopped screaming, their sobs coming in much quieter now, but when Tony had shooed them off to hide out in the nearby outhouse he had spotted just a couple yards off the track while he dealt with the dino problem, they stubbornly refused, instead opting to duck behind Tony’s legs like a pair of toddlers as he slowly backed away. He considered running, but their odds didn’t seem too great: the T-Rex was bigger than them, faster, its natural instinct probably to give chase.
Steve probably figured that since he’d come this far already, he might as well get it all out when he still had the chance, barrelling on. “If I don’t have the serum, if I can’t be Captain America, I’m useless. I wouldn’t be able to lead the team anymore — not just in battle, but during training sessions or debriefings, all of it, it’ll be gone,” he said softly, voice breaking at the last word, and Tony’s heart breaking along with it. “I mean, c’mon, what good am I, if I can’t fight? I’ll be tiny and weak and
“Are you flirting?” Clint asked, sounding genuinely confused, then turned to whoever happened to be sitting beside him. Tony. “Is Cap flirting with my wife? Is she flirting with him?”
That is, aside from the biggest flaw of
found something pretty interesting, too.”
“We, um, got split up,” Bruce said, his face falling into something somber, and Tony could read between the lines well enough, even if the kids couldn’t. “I couldn’t find them again.”
Especially around someone like Scott, whose loose lips had ruined surprise parties and Christmas presents on more than one occasion. Trusting him to keep something much more major to himself—something on the scale of a proposal, perhaps—was just asking for trouble.
Cap gave it a firm shake. “Steve Rogers.”
“Alright, there you go,” Steve said, smoothing down the tape around the gauze. If he lingered a bit longer than necessary, Tony didn’t mention it. He cocked his head slightly, searching Tony’s face. A pinch appeared between his brows. “You okay?”
on the back cover is pretty much a dead giveaway.
But just when Tony was about to pull out his own phone and tell Happy to send a jet for him, pronto, he glanced out the window and let his phone slip back into his pocket.
“Please tell me you haven’t been wearing that on all your missions,” Tony continued, popping open the Altoids tin and rifling through its contents. A suture kit, band-aids, aspirin, gauze, razor blades. With this level of preparedness, Tony would put good money on Steve being a Scout as a kid. Were Boy Scouts a thing in the thirties?
But, even after all these years, it was nice to know that Tony could still keep him on his toes.
“I couldn’t lie to you right now even if I tried,” Tony reminded him. It wasn’t that Steve didn’t already know that—and if Tony knew anything about Bruce, it was that he would’ve been thorough, careful, when relaying all of the details of the truth serum—but he could understand that hearing something and believing it were two different things.
“No, uh, before that,” Steve clarifies. “Something about R&D?”
“You mean the world to me, you know that? When I’m with you, I feel so happy and so lucky and so loved, and all I want is to spend the rest of my life making you feel the same way.
Honestly, there were so many reasons Tony didn’t even know where to start. “For waking you up, probably. If it wasn’t the— I don’t know, whatever pitiful sounds I was making in my sleep, it was the light from the reactor. I know I’m not the easiest bedfellow,” he said, trying for humour but falling flat. “And then, y’know. That whole breakdown just a minute ago.”
Steve’s tired from his sparring session with Nat and late to lunch with Bucky, so when he sweeps through the lab to pick up his sketchbook and kiss Tony goodbye on the way out, he’s too distracted to notice his own carelessness right away.
It’s circled, underlined, highlighted. Surrounded by tiny hearts, little doodles, variations of both of their names.
Footsteps. They sounded like footsteps.
“Okay, everyone shut up and let me think,” Tony stressed, finally looking up from the gauntlet—and just in case, he gave it a good old smack, like it was an old boxy television set—to survey the sight in front of them.
Whatever it was, he didn't dwell. Meeting Cap—and, surprisingly, not loathing him on principle—was still far from the strangest thing that had happened this weekend. Not to mention, between their combined injuries and the carnivorous dinosaurs on the loose, they had much bigger fish to fry right now.
Which then gets interrupted by the loud rumble of Steve’s stomach, followed by Tony’s surprised laughter. “Jesus. No wonder you’re so happy I’m finally home,” he says lightly. “Sounds like you’re starving.”
Tony knew he shouldn’t interrupt when Steve was baring his soul to him like this, but he couldn’t help saying, “Hey, listen, Thor hasn’t found Loki yet, but he’s got a pretty good lead on where he might be. Said he’ll probably drag him down to Midgard by the end of the week, and you’ll be back to normal in no time.”
There were two spare bedrooms, both identical in size and furniture like two copies of an IKEA showroom, and Steve and Tony claimed the one on the ground floor. It was modest, quaint, everything one would expect from a farmhouse like this. While homey, what really made Steve think of it as
“Alright,” Coulson replied, probably sensing the desperation in his tone if his sympathetic look was anything to go by. “Everyone, strap in.”
Fury, from where he was still leaning against the counter, still drinking OJ, still looking like he had much to say but didn’t want to, asked oh-so-casually, “How long have you two been fucking?”
They were walking along the coast, searching for the quinjet, when out of nowhere, a baby dinosaur came out, something surprisingly shiny clasped between its teeny hands. It was cute, no more than two feet tall, but Tony still startled when it ran out in front of them. It seemed to happen in slow motion, but that may have been due to the lack of traction its feet could get in the sand — or maybe Tony was just jumpy, half expecting a Kraken to rise up out of the water and swallow them all whole. It wouldn’t even much of a shock, at this point.
“Less sad now,” Bruce conceded. “Still scared shitless. Is there any way you can hurry up with that thing, because they’re getting kinda close—”
“Yeah, I don’t entirely believe you,” Tony admitted slowly, narrowing his eyes ever-so-slightly in suspicion, “but I’m gonna leave it, because I should really go before I say anything else.”
And while Tony definitely notices something is up, Steve’s pretty sure he doesn’t suspect it has anything to do with the proposal.
Knowing Tony, he’s probably planned something elaborate, and the last thing Steve wants is for all that hard work to go to waste. Or, even worse, for his knowledge of the proposal to inadvertently deter Tony from attempting it at all. So, without a second thought, he closes the planner, shoves it under the couch cushions, and tries to seat himself in a way that says he’s just been relaxing for the past ten minutes.
“Your papers were long-winded and messy,” Tony told him, as serious as he could manage, continuing to fiddle with the gauntlet. He just needed to buy some time — even a couple minutes to get it back in working order. “Half the time you talked in circles, and once it took you twenty pages before you even stated your thesis. It was like being forced to read Kerouac in high school.”
“Needed a break, otherwise I’d collapse from exhaustion,” Tony explained, pressing a soft kiss to the spot just behind Steve’s ear, in apology. “Didn’t mean to wake you.”
“The new line of tablets, they might be coming out by the end of the year.”
And maybe Steve could admit that the flirting and the batting eyelashes and the playful locker room-esque slaps on the ass were not so out of the ordinary, even before they’d gotten together, but this was unbelievable. Not a single one of them knew. And if they did, they had incredible self-restraint and impressive poker faces.
Bruce’s mouth ticked up in a half-smile, but before they could say anything else on the matter, a SHIELD agent—Coulson, the one that had been loitering at the back of Tony’s “I am Iron Man” press conference—walked out of the cockpit, clearing his throat to get everyone’s attention. “Mr. Stark, Captain Rogers, good to have you back,” he said, nodding to each of them in turn. “I requested back-up, so SHIELD’s bringing in the helicarrier to evacuate the island and do some investigations. Harry, your father will be on the next flight out of here, I assure you.”
