"I know" with a sweep of his hand at the mess he was responsible for on the table he said with defeat "I am doing exactly what they said I would do and I even promised Barachiel that I wouldn't"
"It's okay, Dean. I understand." Castiel turned to look out the dark window but could only see the droplets of moisture that had collected on the window. He knew if he wanted to, he could see every molecule that made up those droplets but he didn't because he knew the fascination and beauty of the droplets came from the light that refracted within them. Feeling the car beginning to slow as it was readying to turn onto the old dirt road that led to the cemetery. He continued to make his requests.
The first place on his list of places to check out was to be the library. Hoping, they would be in their usual spot sharing one of the big, plump couches and watching Netflix on the big screen t.v. the brothers had purchased soon after moving into the bunker.
"Our Father stopped and just studied Castiel for the longest time and then He said to him: 'Why, hello back to you...Castiel'. And then he leaned in and began to whisper with Castiel. Who did not react in anyway other than to nod at Father and smile."
Castiel looked up at Barachiel meeting the old man's dark eyes and slowly nodded in understanding and whispered "I understand." Castiel returned his gaze to the table before him and as his mind raced to figure out what he was going to do. He heard the familiar flutter of Barachiels exit and then the outburst from the drunk bar patron who saw the angel disappear. Looking up and not wanting to explain anything to the man. Castiel walked over to close out his tab and merely nodded at the man and assessed his level of intoxication. Satisfied, no one would believe his story, Castiel exited the building in a more traditional means.
"I can take look. I am familiar with the old Druidic writings. They tend to be very basic and to the point, not a lot of flowery descriptors cluttering up the language" crossing to to the chair to the right of Sam. Heaven's Least Wanted, took up a seat in the empty chair and reached for the scroll and took it from Sam and began to examine it. After several moments of scanning the ancient text he seemed to be satisfied with his efforts "I find the Druidic rites to be refreshing change. Um, this appears to be a simple incantation to communicate or command beasts or beings from Hades or the after world" Watching Cas a little more closely than he had been, Dean finished shoveling the final bite of pie into his mouth and could only answer with "Huh" then swallowing he continued "I wonder why she needs that, seems that would be pretty basic for a witch of her level and why would the Druids have spells to cast on Greek monsters."
"No Dean" feeling the young man's pain radiate Barachiel felt great sadness at the news he was about to deliver. "Castiel cannot stay and live as a mortal, Dean. He must come home and face our Father for his decisions and the subsequent repercussions of those decisions." Barachiel sat back and watched the human, studying him and the he came to a decision. Leaning towards the man who had captured Castiel's heart. He opened his mouth to speak but just then the bartender appeared to see about another round.
Castiel stayed standing in the park where Claire had left him less than an hour before, listening to Dean's prayer to him. It was really more of a confession than a prayer and after it had finished. Castiel now understood what Claire had been trying to tell him. Dean was in love and because of this, Dean was also in a great deal of pain.
“And now you are?”
Dean still dazed and a little disoriented tried to form an answer but before he could. Both men were reminded that they weren't alone. As they heard Barachiel begin his approach, it prevented any reply Dean was about to give.
Castiel pushed himself back in his chair and stood up and began to walk away from the table towards the stairway that led up and out. Staring up to the top of the landing, Castiel hesitated and fought the urge to flee as he replied "I am fine" turning back towards Dean he continued. "I have been concerned about the lack of information coming from Heaven and I have been a little concerned about the meaning behind it" Dean narrowed his eyes as Castiel tried to explain his behavior and knew right away his friend was again, not telling the truth. At least not completely, Dean debated with himself on whether or not to push the angel further about what was really on his mind but decided to wait a little longer to see if his friend would come clean on his own.
"His story? He has a story?"
Castiel had no response to Claire and with one last squeeze of Castiel's arm, Claire turned and began to walk away. Castiel stood in place by the bench table. Her words resonating through his thoughts.
Barachiel let the sarcasm fill his words "Michael convinced me that he was concerned about the Darkeness....Amara" Barachiel said the name as if still getting used to its sound "About Amarataking advantage of Father's absence and that Castiel, is all it took to fool me."
Cas had reached the table and as he picked up a couple of books he casually asked "More research on Rowena?" but before either Winchester could answer. Dawning began to spread across Castiel's face as he read the parts that had been marked with sticky notes.  Dean tried to explain before Castiel could get upset.
"Why?" was all he could ask in a defeated voice. Barachiel hesitated to answer and instead studied the vessel sitting across from him. Refusing to meet his eyes as he waited for the answer to his question. Finally, he spoke with a firmness that was tinged with finality.
It took some convincing but Dean believes in the case and maybe his feelings for Castiel. Sam of course is way ahead of both of them.
Finally losing sight of her as she took a curve in the pathway, Castiel turned his attention back to her parting words and the topic of Dean. She knew. He thought he was able to hide his feelings but Claire had proven far more observant than he gave her credit for and now he wondered if anyone else suspected. He had hoped to pass it off as a bond he had with Dean that could only be forged as part of their experiences together. But she said Dean felt them as well. Castiel became confused as he was unsure how he would have missed Dean's true feelings as Claire had implied.
A blinding light suddenly pulsed out of Cas and quickly began to engulfed them both. And Dean felt a burden fall heavily into his arms and instinctively he clutched the emptying vessel against his chest and fought to keep control. He wanted to scream. But his throat felt constricted...paralyzed. As every nerve in his body seemed to now be engulfed in fire. Each individual ending misfiring and causing his limbs to stiffen and muscles to spasm and just for a moment Dean thought he was surely going to die. Then it was all gone, the pain as suddenly as it had hit him was now gone. And where there was once agony and heartache. Dean felt warmth and peace and then he sensed him. Castiel.
As darkness began to descend and Dean was forced to throw on the headlights as he continued down the slick asphalt of the two-lane roadway that led the last few miles to the cemetery. There hadn't been much conversation as they drove. Sam had opted to sit in the back seat and had attempted some small talk but it was stilted and uncomfortable to try. So eventually, they all just settled in with their own thoughts. Dean's mixed tape that he had made for Cas played softly. Castiel was seated close to Dean their hands clasped together. Their fingers playing
The brothers had a long standing rule when it came to the terms of privacy, a closed door required a knock before entering (unless you wanted to risk catching your brother viewing porn and jerking off) so with some trepidation, Sam slowly pushed the door open and took a single step forward into the room
Dean realizing he was treading on precarious ground decided to change the subject and help Sam put the groceries away. Grabbing one of the white plastic bags he examined the contents and wrinkled his nose when he realized it was the bag without pie inside. Reaching in anyway, he grabbed a couple of cans of stew and turned to put them in the cupboard.
had ended and when
Crowley waited expectantly for the angel to answer his inquiry but after it became apparent the angelic nuisance had no intention of speaking. The dark suited King of Hell raised his eyebrows in resignation and sighed. Moving closer to stand along side the angel and mirroring his stance as he stared down at his idiot demon guards below. Who were now all congregated under a pool of light created by one of the flood lights mounted on the cinder block wall. After waiting for what he considered an appropriate amount of time for the angel to say something, Crowley could not stand the silence any longer and began to turn towards the trench-coated do-gooder to begin the conversation but before he could. Castiel broke the silence beating him to it.
"You didn't find the request odd?"
As Cas finished, Dean needed to sit up and so in one swift move. Dean pushed himself upwards and folded his legs so that he could mirror Castiel and sit pretzel-legged across from the angel and he leaned forward. And for the briefest of moments,  Dean thought of the final scene from the movie
*****
"Yes. I am aware." Castiel said softly. "The cages do you know who they are for?
"Oh, you know Pops. After he doled out punishments to all of the participants and co-conspirators. He didn't say a word to anyone. He went to visit with Joshua for a while and when he came out and sent me to find you and ignored our Brother's protestations. He said in his best imitation of their Father's voice "Bring me the last angel, Castiel. It is his time to answer to God, your Father. Bring him to stand before me and face the accusations levied against him." Castiel had dropped his head in shame as Barachiel finished.
“Claire, I want you to know. I will be fine no matter what happens and I am going to ask you to trust the Winchesters. Don't be so full of pride that you deny yourself their help or advice” he added a little levity to his statement hoping she would take to the request more easily
Barachiel continued to let the man's pain, anger and the love cascade in waves of emotion over him and instead of answering with any kind of anger of his own or defensiveness. He patiently waited for the inevitable slow down as Dean exhausted all of his energy and accepted the inescapable reality of the situation and the realized fear that he was going to lose his Castiel. Barachiel waited to see what was going to happen next and when he was sure there was nothing left he raised his hand and tried to place it on Dean Winchester's shoulder, the young man was quick to lean away but was not quick enough as the movement had caught him off guard and when Barachiel made contact a calmness washed through the young man and a look of peace fell across his face.
When the brothers heard this each let out their own held breath in relief and quickly glanced at each other. Then as the Archangel continued they looked back at him
Castiel continued "promise me you won't stop praying. Where ever I end up. I will still hear you as your Guardian Angel and it will give me comfort."
Barachiel looked back at the angels and turned back to address the angry human "They were at the request of our Father...Lucifer demanded it. I told Him they were not needed but Father agreed with Lucifer and sent them anyway."
Dean could only sit in wonder, mouth agape as a biblical story that every child knew whether they went to church or synagogue or not was also the story of David - the first hunter.
Castiel...I am to bring you back to face the accusations levied against you and for your role in the Apocalypse and the subsequent events."
Pulling another magazine up to take a peek at the cover Dean wrinkled his brow when he realized it was another one that he already had. He tended to run a mantra as he worked through the magazine's "Got it, Got it, Got it, Need it" and it was usually the latter that ended up in his basket but lately he had noticed that the skin mags were not really a priority anymore and that it had become something he shopped for out of habit rather than need.
Sam made the decision to just let him continue. Knowing his brother needed to let his aching heart out into the open  “Hell Sam. He made me laugh a bunch of times. Except for you Sam. Nobody has made me laugh as hard as Cas has.” Dean paused to take a breath or remember lighter times. Sam wasn't sure which but let Dean go at his own pace “Even those annoying habits of his....' Sam heard a small catch in Dean's voice. It was cut short by the liquid slosh coming from the bottle as Dean took another swig.
"Not really? What does that mean Cas?"
The sun was beginning to rise in the east making the black night change into a drab gray morning, all color was subdued and lifeless around them and it had the added benefit of enabling Sam to see how badly his brother was shaking from being soaked through. Pushing away from the Impala's front grill. Sam took a step toward his brother and then before he could get a word out, his momentum was interrupted by the sudden appearance of a figure dressed all in black only a few paces behind his brother.
"Well, then I guess I should introduce myself properly. Especially, since you bought the drinks. My name is Barachiel. I suspect though, you already knew that. Didn't you Dean?" Glancing at the man Dean continued the game of ignoring questions asked by the other and merely said "So now that we have the pleasantries out of the way and in answer to your question Dean Winchester. I would like to think that I am a good angel" scoffing to himself, he continued answering "but I suppose you could also say context is everything. So in this current one, I think you would disagree."
"Because I am the King of Hell and I know a lot of things." beginning to walk around the angel to stand directly in front of him. He saw doubt in the taller man's face "You see, Castiel. When a platoon of your brothers show up with their angel daggers drawn...sent by Daddy himself with orders that I release Lucifer to them so he can go up and get a spanking from Papa. Well, it tends to make one curious. Then when you get an order from God for two cages to be built. Well, you get even more curious and when God him self brings you specs for a special cage to be built and wards it himself. Well, I would say my curiosity overwhelmed me to the point where I had to find out what was going on up in angle headquarters. So I snooped around with some of my contacts. Gathered intel and lo and behold, I find out Daddy is punishing his children for all of their misbehaving while he was away and..."
Castiel turned to walk out of the room and as Dean watched he felt an overwhelming panic set in. When the thought occurred to him that Castiel might decide to do something stupid in the belief that it would save them all the pain of saying goodbye. That he would just disappear back to Heaven. Thrusting himself up and out of the chair. He called out to the retreating back.
Feeling his mood change, Castiel refocused his energy back to the meadow and all of the beauty blossoming before him. He never mentioned his place for meditation to the Winchester brothers. He told himself it was his way of keeping his celestial self separated from humanity and all of its baggage. Mentally he chuckled to himself as he realized he just used a human colloquialism. Courtesy of the Winchester's.
Sam wrinkled his brow not sure who Cas was talking about but then it suddenly occurred to him "Claire!"
Sam let out a frustrated sigh as stared at the scroll he had unfurled before him. “Nothing.” he said to himself. He had hoped this scroll would have had something more about what kind of process Chuck...God would put Cas through as a Fallen Angel. He had studied some law at Stanford and  he knew how it worked here on earth but what he wanted...what he had hoped for was a better understanding of what Cas might go through when he faced his accusers up in Heaven and apparently, The Men of Letters had very little on what went on in Heaven when it came to what could be loosely termed legal proceedings. Of course, it was a long shot he knew. It was heaven. Not exactly a place that many people would get that kind of intel on.
"Sam!" Dean started yelling for his brother as he neared the top of the stairs as they opened into the narrow hallway leading to the kitchen.
Castiel nodded at the younger brother in acknowledgment. He had grown very fond of Sam over the years and had even come to enjoy the younger Winchester's company. Of course, when he first came to earth, he originally thought he was an abomination and was afraid he was going to have to kill him but now he knew that Sam was not an abomination and in fact, because of his ability to be more compassionate. He believed this sometimes made Sam stronger than his older more volatile brother. Seeing him now with genuine pleasure in the man's face at his arrival. He realized just how much he was going to miss him as well.
Fearing he was about to lose consciousness, Dean looked for a safe spot and pulled the black car off onto the shoulder of the road and as he brought it to a stop and put it in park. The pain in his head gave one last piercing shot. A shot that wrapped itself around the interior of his skull nearly causing him to black out.
A clearing of the throat off to the side brought the two men back to the present and Sam said solemnly  “Its time. If you want us to take you. We have to leave now.”
Dean blinked his red rimmed eyes and sank the rest of the way to the ground nodding his head and croaked out "Okay."
"Your brother allowed Castiel to possess him and granted it was not a full on possession, it may well have been enough."
Castiel squinted his eyes slightly when Crowley asked about the landscaping. All he saw for landscaping was dead grass, overgrown bushes and broken concrete.
Finally, with Dean looking up at Cas in a lust filled hunger. He rolled his hips upwards and brought his raised his ankles up close to either side of Cas' shoulders and instinctively, Castiel grabbed each one and as Dean guided his now dripping cock towards his hole. Castiel began to ease it forward and in.
They did not leave the flower filled meadow, they merely rose above it and coalesced their energy and if it could have been measured. It would have been recorded as encompassing not only the meadow but up into the mountains beyond. Their energy simply existed and to the wildlife it was unnoticed as were the empty vessels left behind.
Barachial became thoughtful and tried to think of the simplest way to put it for this human to understand. "Castiel became different after watching this boy, this lowly sheep herder grow and become not only a competent Hunter but also unite a nation and become its king." Looking down at Dean, Barachiel suddenly had a look of confusion as if he were still trying to understand God's motive for doing what he did "It was at this point that Castiel realized what us angels living so far removed from them never did. Castiel began to understand humanity and the potential hidden within them...within you. He became your species biggest advocate and defender. Mankind became his obsession and your well being became his personal mission." Barachiel looked at Dean and chuckled as he interrupted his own storytelling.
Jamming the key into the ignition Dean wanted to get home...back to the bunker and to Sam as quickly as possible. Revving the engine, Dean threw it into gear and peeled out of the Gas n Sip parking lot and turned onto the two lane highway with the stereo blasting Bob Seger's Saturday Night Special and feeling better than he had in weeks.
“Especially when you are out hunting.” he added
Sam could not believe the apparent scene playing out on his brother’s memory foam bed. Squishing his eyelids closed and then opening them again. Sam watched as his brother...his older brother, Dean Winchester. The man who never met a strip club he didn’t like, appeared to have his head in Castiel’s lap . And, was...was his head bobbing?
"Dean, what was that? Did Castiel do what I think he did?" concern with some awe tinged Sam's voice.
"Dean, you need to calm down and tell me what is going on." Dean hesitated and could only nod. Then he placed the books he was carrying into Sam's arms and walked past him and over to the table.
Barachiel went over to sit on the same rock that Castiel had occupied only a few hours before and sat. He had cheated a bit by bringing Dean Winchester back in time. Castiel and he had been here only a few hours before and because Barachiel wanted to see it one more time and because he wanted to give this man more time to say good bye. He decided to reset the timeline just a bit.
Castiel turned in his seat to squint back at the man, not quite sure what he meant by his words but in the end he nodded. Satisfied that Sam would indeed take care of the car.
Crowley watched Castiel's silently and had a moment of regret at his words. He had meant to take his traditional dig at the winged nightmare from heaven but somehow this victory seemed hollow. "Look Castiel, let me help you out." Crowley continued with some emphasis "You, have been called home by Daddy. Correct? Back to face an inquisition of sorts for all of your misdeeds here and there." Crowley finished the last word with his finger now pointing upwards. Lowering his hand he began to slowly walk around Castiel's vessel. Though he knew he was sounding cruel in his description. He did have ulterior motives for talking to Castiel the way he was, his real goal was to give the angel a simple warning about what he was about to face when he returned to heaven. It was his way of showing pity.
Sam gave his brother a big smile and a wink and with some humor in his voice replied “Don’t worry Dean. You could be right and this could be nothing. Which means you and Cas could be back here in just a few days doing whatever it is you two were doing together.” And before Dean could give a retort, Sam spun on his heel and left his brother’s room with a small smirk playing on his lips.
“and took you from me. Dean, I almost didn't let him” Dean stared as Cas and understood the meaning behind the confession
They sat silently. Each reflecting on their time spent together and in someways what their future will be like without any contact.
With eyes brimming in tears, Sam watched mesmerized as the golden light that was Castiel's grace begin to rise up and away from the body of his brother and the now empty vessel clutched against his chest, of Jimmy Novak. Swirling upwards it appeared to Sam that it even paused as if to take one last look and then it rose heavenward dissipating as it did so.
"Seven hours...Where's Cas?" Dean asked anxiously.
Dean could only shake his head even though he knew he wasn't expected to answer.
Staring at the empty space once occupied by Castiel, Dean stood rock still and tried to keep himself under control. Finally, it was the sound of his brother's voice from far away that seemed to pull him back into himself and he turned to look at his brother.
"Well, you might say I am becoming a bit of an expert in sensing when you guys are around." leaning closer to the angel Dean wrinkled his nose and sniffed the air. Then sat back as he said "All you angels seem to put out a stench of self-righteousness. It is easy to pick up. And. You just drank a potent bourbon for the first time and you reacted like it was water"
"No. No it doesn't" Castiel said keeping his voice flat. Normally he would have jumped in with an offer to go and find out what he could about the nymph named Orphne and what Rowena may be up to but he knew his time here on Earth could not be wasted with a new case. He desperately wanted to tell the Winchester brothers the real reason for his visit but he didn't know how to begin...or afraid to. Using the parchment as a distraction, Castiel began to roll the old document up and looked around the table for the ribbon that kept it bound up. Then as he searched Castiel allowed his eyes to begin to drift up from the table top and began to look around the room itself. His memory became flooded with the hours spent here with the two hunters. He also realized just how much he cherished his time here and in a way, Castiel felt this place had become more of a home to him than Heaven ever had been. Feeling as if the room was closing in, Castiel took another quick glance at the table for the lost ribbon. Spotting it partially concealed under one of the large volumes of Druid lore. He snatched the ribbon quickly and slipped it back on to the ancient roll and then looked up into the steady green-eyes of his friend. Castiel felt uncomfortable under Dean's steady gaze and as he was about to turn away when he realized Dean was not studying him but had asked a question and was merely waiting for a response.
Castiel allowed a small smile to lift the corner of his mouth and could only reply with "I will see you around Crowley" and with a flutter he was gone.
Smirking Dean took one last look at the green-eyed grasshopper still working the blue lupine and said "Take me home. I can't stand this place."
"How are you? Better yet, Where have you been? Last time I saw you was what about 2-3 weeks ago?
Dean Winchester had heard the young man call out but he was too distracted to care about what he said. He had awakened again with a powerful headache that aspirin just seemed to aggravate and the worst part was he hadn't even been drinking to deserve it.
Sam for his part gave a small chuckle and raised is eyes as he shrugged as he answered for both Dean and himself "Well, yeah, Cas. It is what we are famous for."
Dean could only nod feebly and the worked up enough energy to say "just a little bit of a headache. I will be fine."
Sam added “What if whatever happened to them is linked to that ship?” Dean looked at his brother, still not entirely convinced about making the trip. So decided to take a glance over at Cas ready to get his opinion on the matter. But when he saw the angel's face, Dean and choked back his question. He felt a deep pang of regret at the look on his friend's face. Though, Cas seemed to be nodding in agreement with Sam. Dean could see there was some obvious sadness about his eyes and Dean knew his fear of being honest was the reason that sadness was there.
"Yes, that would be unpleasant, but Barachiel." Castiel looked up to meet Barachiel's eyes. His own anger rising up "All of those things that I did. I did to protect humanity because my Brothers plotted to destroy what our father created"
Dean remained silent for several minutes after Barachiel finished and finally after the realization set in he looked over and replied with a heavy voice "You forgot the option for him to stay here, on Earth and live with us."
"Or even what, Dean?"
They each retreated into their own thoughts for a few moments when Castiel began to think about his brothers in heaven and their punishments when it occurred to him there was one being that might know his Father's plans in regards to punishing the guilty parties.
Sam looked at his brother with some disbelief on his face and replied "Yes. I have your pie, Dean" flinging the bags onto the counter top he continued. "Just like I always get your pie."
"Or?"
"Sam, do you remember what happened when Gadreel possessed you, what he left behind?"
“Yeah?” Dean said as he subtly tried to lean away from Cas but still with some happiness in his voice.
CASTIEL
Looking down at the forgotten book in his hands, he began to close it as it seemed unimportant for the moment. Dean seeing his action decided he needed a distraction – something else to focus on. Asking in a flat tone "So you were about to say you found something in there about Hell's creatures."
Dean mustered up a smirk for his behalf and said "C'mon Cas. You know me. I will be fine and someday. I will see you up there in Heaven's bar. I will buy the first drink."
Regaining his composure and stepping back from his friend, Castiel could only nod and with a exhaled breath, tilted his head slightly backwards his eyes staring at the sky and parted his lips to allow his Grace to escape the confines of the human vessel once known as Jimmy Novak.
Dean now more awake and ready to get back to work could only reply "What do you know. Cas is famous...sort of." Dean took a bite from a day old doughnut and then looked at his brother asking him to summarize everything the Men of Letters had about Barachiel and none of it was much different than what the Archangel had told Dean himself.
Dean began to move as if in agony. “Cas. Cas. I need you to...” and before Dean good get the words out Castiel began to let his tongue and lips begin the slow and agonizing trip down towards the thrumming wet cock that was arching up from a soft cloud of glistening light brown hair. Cas reached his hand out and just as he held his own cock in a tight grip he now held Dean's in much the same way. Again, not rubbing. He wasn't ready for that...yet. Finally, as his mouth traversed the final few inches towards the slick head of Dean's cock. Castiel felt a tug at his right leg and with seemingly a mind of its own. He raised his leg until it was guided to a new location on the other side of the broad chest that had just moments before been under his lips.
“Well, I just want to make sure you have all the background.”
"Pardon?" The man tried to appear startled by Dean's question but Dean was not buying into the bad acting.
"The Empty." Dean closed his eyes tight as he heard Barachiel continue "It is worse than the place that held myself and my command Dean Winchester. It is a desolate, lonely place where nothing can escape...not even the light. And it is somewhere I want to desperately keep our Castiel out of. So. Please Dean Winchester. Give me your promise to leave Castiel be, it may be all that I have to give our Father to keep him from suffering alone in that awful place." Barachiel hated to see the torment on the young man's face but he did not know what else to do.
“Hey Guys…get this....”  and he stopped cold as he looked up from his screen at the scene playing out in front of him on Dean's memory foam bed. Thoughts of regret took over as Sam began to reconsider his decision to enter Dean's room without knocking first.
Slowly rolling to a stop at the edge of the cemetery the three men sat inside the car in silence and merely stared ahead into the darkness that lay beyond. Each lost in their own thoughts.
Barachiel remained silent and merely stared back.
As Sam approached the threshold of the large room he already new by the silence he would find the room empty but he continued through the portal and did a quick scan anyway. Expectations proven, Sam was still a little disappointed when he did not find Dean and Cas sitting close together and sharing a bowl of popcorn as they binged Dr. Sexy.
Holding it up for a closer examination he now noticed there was a thin filament of black that ran down each ridge that made up the feathers in the wings and just like the old mercury thermometer. The filament would refract and expand changing the interior of the glass from clear to solid black when tilted at just the right angle.. Smiling to himself, Dean put the sculpture into his basket carefully and continued back towards the beer cooler to grab a six pack.
Dean dropped his chin and brought it back up as he said "Sure Cas. You know we will."
Castiel opened his eyes to a vibrant blue sky and after a brief moment of being disoriented, Castiel turned his head towards the voice coming from his left side and immediately tensed. Standing a few yards away in the guise of an elderly black man he instantly recognized his older brother and the God's Commander of the Guardian Angels: the Archangel Barachiel.
"The work of Naomi?" Dean asked
"Of course, you and Sam have always been able to tell when I am not being truthful. Hazards of being an angel of the lord and not being familiar with the subtleties of lying. Even after the fall. When I was living without my Grace, I never got a real handle on it."
Smiling Barachiel said "Oh yeah. Rafael used to come with me and we would have so much fun." growing solemn at the thought of what was a good memory but one that would not be repeated any time soon and he said as much to Castiel. "Now, I doubt we will be doing anything like that again for the next millennia or so"
"Sam, Do you remember that night after we saw that play those kids put on?
"Or a hunter" Dean said the latter with a hopeful tone"
"Dean, Sam. I know what you are doing and I am going to ask you to stop. You cannot get involved  with this."
"Does it say what Orphne liked to do while living in the Underworld?" Sam asked, his voice now tinged with suspicion.
Dean remained silent for a moment and then he asked "Will I see you again do you think."
Castiel glanced up at the last part. Concern wrinkling his brow as the implications of what Barachiel just said set in. "And Father? Did you get a sense of what he was going to do?"
Barachiel studied the human sitting next to him and could sense the anger and frustration. He already knew the man's reputation for protecting those he considered family and the extreme measures he would take for those he loved. Barachiel gave a small smile as his understanding of the situation between Dean Winchester and Castiel began to be understood by the Archangel. So, rather than let the man believe he could somehow change upcoming events. He decided to head off the man's unnecessary efforts.
"Castiel..." before he could begin Barachiel was cut off by Castiel
Guiltily Castiel realized he let his temper get the better of him, or was it fear? Looking at Dean and the hurt in his face Castiel hoped he hadn't ruined the memory of the last few hours they just spent together.
"Cas, I..." before Dean could continue Sam came walking into the room with a large book open in his hand. Excited about his discovery he seemingly forgot the reason he left the room in the first place. Dean looked over slightly irritated with his brother's interruption "Hey guys! I think I found what Rowena may need the spells fo..." looking up from his book Sam noticed the somber mood of the room and stopped to look at his brother. "What's going on? You both look like someone died"
He still understood his purpose, his mission. He was to be a soldier of heaven, defender of mankind, a warrior for God and more importantly, to love humanity as much as he loved God. Castiel had proven himself to be more than proficient in all of his duties. As a proven soldier, he rose through the ranks under Michael's command. Serving with distinction in several battles, some of battles that never made it into mankind's biblical lore but there were some battles that did make it into lore. Chief among them, the battle that was fought between the armies of Heaven and Satan and it was this battle that cast Lucifer from Heaven permanently and put Heaven's most impudent guardian angel on all of the Archangel's radar. His reputation had always been one of being a fierce warrior and had even been known as a brutal one but he never really carried out orders in a way that they were intended. Often times, he would look for ways to minimize any casualties or damage done. He always believed that redemption could be attained through reflection. So, when given an order to punish those who committed acts that were perceived as transgressions against their Father. Castiel would often look for ways to save those who he thought could be redeemed before rushing in and slaughtering in their Father's name. This often flew in the face of Michael or direct his Commander Barachiel and their expectations of Castiel. He could not remember what had caused him to change and he suspected he had Naomi to thank for that. But he began to have doubts about what they did on earth in their Father's name and it didn't help that there were rumors being circulated by the Cherubim, that their Father had not been the one actually giving the orders anymore. The Cherubim hinted that God had decided to take a vacation and that no one knew exactly where he had gone. This all started after his first stint on earth working directly with modern mankind, a boy named David became his first charge as a guardian angel. It was watching this boy grow to manhood and then create a nation that allowed Castiel to see mankind's potential and there fore worth risking everything to save them. So he began to use subtle ways to subvert any orders that were given that conflicted with his new found loyalty to humans. And when the rumors about their Father appeared to be true, that he had in fact left for parts unknown with no instructions, no information nothing...just a huge void. Well, it hit the first order of angels, the Archangels especially hard. For there was no order of angels more tightly connected their Father than the first order. Except for Lucifer, he saw it as an opportunity. And as the length of time grew with no word, that void began to grow even larger and more ominous because the Archangels were left to their own devices and it was Lucifer who began whispering from his cage and he began to find away to fill the void with his own desires, Castiel, had no doubt that Lucifer saw the weakness in his Brothers and began to whisper lies about God and the reasons for his absence to the lesser angels and cherubim. Then as their doubts grew he fed them seditious ideas and when those took hold and it wasn't long before Lucifer got his first visit from his curious Brother: Rafael and it was with that visit. The seeds to take earth back for the angels began to take root in heaven.
Castiel changed his expression to one of curiosity and Crowley continued to explain at his questioning look
"So what happened to make Heaven's brilliant commander become one of Heaven's most hated?"
Dean then turned with an exaggerated sigh back to Sam and said with a serious face “Okay, looks like we are going to to Texas to checkout an oil rig.”
Castiel looked over at Crowley and when he did it slowly began to dawn on him what the demon had actually done. Scoffing slightly, Castiel could not but help appreciate the small amount of pity the demon had just shown him. Though, not a direct indictment of his fate, Castiel now had an idea.
“Look Castiel.” Claire emphasized herself by leaning closer over the top of the table. “I know I stopped seeing you as my Dad a long time ago and I used to just see you as Castiel, the nerdy dork.”
"Yes, Dean. I am."
Dean was walking back out of the kitchen and watched as Sam headed towards the doorway leading to the archive rooms and called out "good idea, Sammy". Dean then turned his attention back over at the angel who had now moved over into the living area. Cas had casually moved into the other room when he saw Sam moving to exit the room. He wasn't fooled...he was after all a celestial being and knew Sam well enough to know that he was making an excuse to not be in the same room as he.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam was the first to recover and rose up. Giving Dean another squeeze to his shoulder as he did so. "Are you okay?'
Castiel sat in silence for a moment. Gathering himself. He had not expected this request from Dean. Although he knew that the man had to have been curious about the whole ordeal of his rescue. All he has had of his story so far has only been doled out in bits and pieces.
“You see Dean. This opening section of the song, I feel, sums up quite a bit of what I have experienced during my visits here on Earth, the different courses I have taken throughout its early history and because of everything that I have endured as a celestial being and how it has all led me here to this moment- with you. “ At the last word Castiel looked up to meet Dean's eyes.
Dean looked up and studied Crowley's face and realized he believed him. Crowley staring back continued "I have come to help you honor his last wish."
What was that?"
"Why thank you young man. It is much appreciated." rubbing his hands together, a smile of anticipation crossed his face as he leaned forward and waited. When the bartender placed the glass with the dark amber liquid on the bar top. The man grabbed the small glass and raised it in his direction as another way to say thanks, Dean watched with curiosity waiting to see his reaction when he drank it. Expecting a small sip, Dean was surprised when the man downed it in a single gulp. His face showing no reaction to the burning liquid going down but instead his face lit up with a big smile at the sensation. "Yes indeed. That did finish well." Waving at the bartender for another round of the same for the both of them, Dean waited for their drinks and advised the man to maybe sip the drink and enjoy it a little longer.
Resting against the front end of the Impala, Sam had finished building the pyre they were going to use for the Hunter's Goodbye. When the clouds that had gathered over head began to shed a light rain and he could only watch as his brother remained motionless on the ground. Cradling the body in his lap, Dean had refused to let go while the pyre was built saying he wanted to make sure no harm came to it.
“Yes!”
The man squinted at him trying to understand and with a shake of his head, he could only say "Wha?.wha..did you say?"
If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you / When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me.”
Castiel smiled broadly as he walked over and placed his hand on Sam's shoulder and gave it a squeeze. "Sam. How are you? A great deal of warmth added to his voice.
Still not convinced Sam tried to break free of the invisible force holding him back. Dean, hearing his brother's shout had turned to look up at Crowley and instinctively positioned himself between Crowley and Jimmy. "Crowley! What are you doing here?"
We open with Sam's reaction to entering Dean's room without knocking.
Cas looked back at Claire with sadness in his eyes and then looked away unable to meet her eyes any longer. He still felt guilt over the loss of her father because of his choice to take him as a vessel. Claire had long since forgiven him and had even understood why her father had given the Angel permission to possess him. Claire herself had been possessed by Castiel however briefly but she still had some memory of it. Even though it happened almost seven years before when she was still a young girl. She knew to stop letting her emotions get the better of her. She understood that Castiel did not have any evil intent in any of his actions. She did understand after getting to know him better over the years. That it tended to be his execution of some of those decisions that sometimes left a lot to be desired.
The angel watched as Dean looked up and switched his drink back to bottled beer, Barachiel feeling no ill effects from his beverage choice nodded for another. Both waited in silence for his return not wanting to be interrupted again. When the bartender did return a few moments later with their order the Archangel looked up at him and said "I think you will find the game on your television very interesting" The bartender merely nodded and disappeared to the end of the bar and began to watch the flat screen overhead. No longer caring about the men at the end of the bar. Dean picked up on what just happened and could only say "Nice trick."
“A case? Where?” Trying to ignore the sounds and movement Cas made behind him as the angel left the bed they had just been sharing.
"Do you remember how we grabbed a six pack and sat in that field and we talked about...things?"
Sam looked at his brother his brow wrinkled in concern. Suddenly, inertia felt wrong and he needed to be in motion and saying more to himself than to his brother "I am going to go get some wood...for Castiel"
"The Empty" shaking his head Sam continued with disbelief "Why on earth would God send Castiel out there?" Sam recalled Billie's explanation and grew even more concerned.
The odd man nodded and reached into the interior pocket of the coat. Dean tensed ready to defend himself but he quickly relaxed when the guy pulled out a book. Holding it out for Dean to take the man spoke
Sam called after his brother promising to do so.
Cas already knew most of the information about Dean’s favorite band. During long road trips, as the music played through the Impala’s tape deck, Dean would often pass the time by telling the history of the songs and where the band’s inspirations came from when the were written. He also had a tendency to link them to some hunt or memory of John Winchester, their father. Cas suspected this is one of the reasons the “classic” music as Dean liked to call it, was so important to him. During these sessions, Sam would usually curl up in the front seat and try to sleep through the dissertation as he had heard the stories hundreds of times before. Once during an in depth one-sided discussion about the song Dazed and Confused, Sam had made the observation that if there were such a thing as a degree in Zeppelin...Dean would have a Phd.
Barachiel half smiled at his bravado inspired jest "No Dean. It is that you believe, that in order to get salvation. You have to go through punishment and suffering. Your entire life you lived the life your father chose for you...hunting, fighting then killing evil and because of some guilt you feel. Either, towards your brother and what happened to him as an infant or maybe afterwards. When you dragged him away from his life in college. You are always looking for away to sacrifice yourself in the process of winning battles. But then your instincts for self preservation always seem to get in the way and you out smart death." Barachiel looked down at Dean and added in a tone touched with sarcasm "Who, by the way, is just a tad upset with you."
Castiel before he could rethink his actions, tilted his head back and allowed his Grace to begin its exit in a fiery golden light and has it did so his body's momentum already carrying it forward fell into Dean Winchesters arms and as Dean Winchester hugged the now emptying vessel tightly against his own body he felt the warmth of Castiel, an Angel of the Lord envelope him and begin to possess his body.
At the mention of the Empty, Dean began to feel as if the whole room was closing in on him. He knew what the Empty meant, it had been described to him by Billie, the Reaper. It was where the angels and demons who were killed are sent and never allowed to escape. They existed in darkness and loneliness.  Suddenly, he knew that had to get away from this angel sitting next to him. Pushing himself off of his stool, Dean threw some cash on to the bar top and with a whistle at the bar tender he made a thumbs up motion and turned towards the door and walked away from the Archangel. The spell bound bartender watched with indifference as the man just threw a wad of cash on the bar and stroll for the door.
Dean looked at the bartender and was about to tell the guy to mind his own business but before he could open his mouth, a loud groaning squeak of the heavy entry way door sounded behind him, it reminded Dean of the Impala's doors. Turning to look over his shoulder he watched as an older black gentleman wearing a fedora entered the dimly lit room and pause as he took in the space around him. Glancing back up at the bartender he simply said "I am good. Just family problems" Nodding with understanding and making a mental hash mark at his correct guess, the bartender moved off to check in with his new visitor.
Looking back at the man who had risen up to his full height standing now in a more defiant manner "I need you to sacrifice your concerns for Castiel and release your hold on him and let me take him home. His time living here, pretending to be human, as a hunter. It must come to its inevitable conclusion."
“Are you sure? He cares about you. He doesn't let anyone know. Especially himself but I think he is going to take you being gone harder than anyone.”
“Okay, then ask”
The distraction of the grasshopper's arrival caused Dean to refocus on Barachiel's voice as he made his pleading request a second time. With a sigh and a slight drop of his chin. Dean Winchester, a man not accustomed to losing, began to realize the futility of trying to come up with a plan to save his best friend. With a sickening feeling growing in his belly, Dean suddenly felt drained and could only whisper "Okay"
"Yes, you are one of them and not only that." poking his finger in Castiel's direction he added "You are the last one to be hauled home for the heavenly family inquisition."
"Your turn?" Dean said angrily "You didn't do anything other than try to protect heaven...and earth from those dicks." Knees now weak because of the Cas' news, Dean walked quickly over to the empty chair opposite from where Castiel stood and sat down. Leaning forward putting his elbows on his knees. He continued "You can't be held responsible for what your brothers did. You..."
Castiel saw the pain in his friend as it began to take him over and with a calmness he really did not feel, he said "Dean, in a little less than 30 hours, I will be brought home, I will face God and if I am found to have trespassed against our Father. I will be punished and should that happen, I most likely will never see you again." Dean swallowed and looked at Castiel in disbelief.
Sam was working very hard at hiding the fact that the news that Castiel had dropped on them upset him a great deal but knowing how much his brother cared about Castiel, Sam decided he needed to hold it together for his brother. So, he made it his mission to keep him distracted and though he knew it wasn't going to be the answer it was what he had for now. Sam looked at Dean with resolve in his voice he informed him that he was going to go look to see if there was any help for Castiel's predicament.
Sam rolled his eyes unable to deal with Dean’s negativity. But then he decided to chalk it up to the possibility that Dean wasn’t ready to end this domestic bliss he and Cas had be going through for the last four days. “It wasn’t any ship, Dean. It was a 19th-century trading ship: the ‘Belle La Belle” and it was carrying all sorts of cargo to trade first in Louisiana and then to Texas. It went down in what may have been a hurricane.” Sam looked at his brother excitement still in his voice but it was dulled when Dean had the look of someone waiting for the punchline to a bad joke. Sam soldiered on with his attempt at getting his brother on board “What if they found more than just an old wreck? What if they found something or took something from the wreck?
"No...there was talk but none of us actually knew for sure" he replied
Still, Castiel never allowed his soft blue-eyes to break contact with the now tortured green ones looking back at him. Castiel could sense that Dean was fighting every urge in his body to relent. He knew Dean was trying to protect himself from the pain of loss, the loss of another thing he cared about. Tilting his chin downward slightly and looking upward from below hooded eyes. (Which Dean would years later refer to as those damn puppy-eyes) Castiel slowly and very softly moved his thumb across the flexing tendon below his palm. Trying to absorb what ever emotion he could through the touch and calming the restless movement.
Dean lay back against his headboard, adjusting his pillow to be wedged under his head for support. His legs were stretched out and crossed at the ankles. Dean shifted his butt a little causing it to sink down a bit more into the memory foam mattress and with a smile aimed towards a pretzel legged Castiel sitting off to his left. He reached over and inserted the cassette labeled “Dean’s Zeppelin Road Trip”, which had been made years before, into the modern day cassette player that sat in the narrow space between them. The player was a favorite of Dean’s because unlike the older tape player he sometimes used. This one allowed him to sync more than one set bluetooth headphones and therefore, allowing him to share his music with Cas. Lately, there had been a lull in the number of cases coming their way. So Dean had decided to begin the task of educating his best friend about the joys of classic rock music and tonight they were listening to Led Zeppelin’s, Stairway to Heaven.
"Cas..." nervous anticipation filled Dean's voice.
Sam shook his head and said disappointingly "Nothing good, Dean' Sam glanced at his brother. Preparing to give him the worst news possible. "Just that it was a place where the edge of the universe and the Darkness meet. A membrane or force that keeps the two from actually touching and Amara was apparently banished to the other side in what we know as the Darkness. The Empty makes up that barrier. That was her realm,the Darkness and it continued to shrink as the Light or the Universe expanded. But where the two come together in that force, that is where I would guess Barachiel and his army of angels became trapped and where Chuck could theoretically send Cas in order to keep him from being rescued by you and me. Dean there is no way to reach it and nothing in the books about being able to use spells or ...or anything to retrieve someone. I mean it kept an Archangel with an army locked up for how long? Plus it took Amara and God to finally free them."
Castiel stared back at his friend and could only nod his head as the full implications of his words hit him. He understood that he was not without guilt in everything that had happened both here on earth and in heaven and even though he knew his intentions were well intended. The outcomes had been disastrous. Outwardly, Castiel tried to remain calm and not give away the sudden panic he felt. His mind started racing through a hundred different scenarios with outcomes that ended badly for him. After a moment of silence Castiel asked with more calm in his voice than he really felt.
Waving his hand at Dean as he finished. Dean could only nod his head and roll his eyes in answer to the predictable description of his habits. Reaching out with a brief wave of his hand indicating the man was to hand it over and the man promptly did with some relief. Then as if a great load had been lifted from his shoulders he quickly turned to leave and as he did he muttered "now I can finally go home. Get back with my family"
“I liked that one best, Dean” Cas said in a rough voice.
Barachiel was moved by his most trusted captain's display of emotion and as he held his brother tight against the frail body of his vessel, the Archangel himself wept right along with him.
"You going to tell Crowley?"
Castiel gave a small chuckle and said "Deal." Then with his lips becoming set in a grim line, he whispered "Dean, it is time I must release you but before I do promise me something."
Castiel never minded the history lessons though. It was all a part of who Dean was and Castiel enjoyed watching Dean’s face as he spoke about his favorite band or music in general. It seemed to be the one thing that brought Dean pleasure. Dean and Sam’s life as hunters often meant there were times where happiness or joy came rarely. So Castiel sat patiently and listened to his friend without complaint.
He wanted to give his friend a warming smile. "Dean. Someday, hopefully a very long time from today. You will come to Heaven and when you do. There is hope that I can come and visit you."
According to Sam. The boys have a case down in the gulf coast.
“I just wanted a little more time for us. I wanted to kiss you one more time. And I feel like...” Dean searched around as if trying to find the right words. Tears began to fall, his voice breaking as he continued “So much I want to say...and so much I should have said”
Claire ducked her head a bit when Castiel mentioned her pride. It was the same character flaw Jody would sometimes bring up. Only she called it stubbornness. With a small laugh and a mind to end their visit on a lighter note Claire spoke.
Castiel could not help but smile “Barachiel told you about him. Well, yes. His was strong but Dean yours...yours is far more incredible. It's why Michael wanted you, Amara was drawn to you and even in some way Crowley saw your soul as being different. Though I think Crowley still underestimated it.”
Castiel smiled at Dean and then leaned in and brushed his lips softly against Dean's  Then with more passion and urgency he kissed him deeply. Trying to make sure they both would remember this moment, the taste of this kiss for ever. Finally, Castiel knew that Barachiel was beginning to get impatient and he did not want to push him too far. So Castiel pulled himself away from the kiss and keeping their foreheads touching Castiel replied.
Afraid to make eye contact because of what he was about to say next, Castiel made sure to tilt his head forward so that when he opened his eyes he would be looking at his folded hands rather into the eyes of Dean Winchester
"Yes, I could only imagine. Poor Dean. Going to lose his little puppy."
"I said; Which one are you?" Dean took another sip of his bourbon and swallowed hard trying to hold his anger in check and then he turned on his stool to face the man sitting one stool over and looked without flinching into into the deepness of the man's dark brown almost black eyes. At first, upon seeing the man's eyes up close, Dean needed to pause because they almost reminded him of the oily black orbs possessed by demons. Of course, he also realized he may be projecting his feelings that angels are no better than their counter-parts the demons. Sarcasm dripping from his voice. Dean obliged the angel by repeating his question.
Getting no response. The kid tried one more time to get his attention and when he finally caught the dude's eye. He was rewarded with a set of green eyes that made him feel as though he risked a limb if he opened his mouth again. Taking a more placating tone he said
"David?"
Castiel had stiffened at the mention of Rafael and could only nod and took a sip from his beer. They sat in silence each enjoying their beverage of choice until Castiel's thoughts began to get the better of him. Finally he asked the one question that had been sitting on his mind since Barachiel told his story of capture.
“You're going back...to heaven?”
"Sam, I just met another di..." Dean was about to use the term for a male appendage when he realized it may not be the best way to go "...I just met Cas' friend: Barachiel."
Castiel stiffened feeling awkward at the younger Winchester embrace but then he quickly understood his departure was going to affect him as well and with a relaxing of his shoulders. Castiel wrapped his arms around Sam and hugged back.
"Well, the first thing he did was bring all of the plotters of the Apocalypse together and doled out his particular kind of justice to each one." Looking down at his empty glass Barachiel wanted a distraction before he continued "Could we get another?"
"So..." Staring straight ahead at the row of liquor bottles lined up on the shelves behind the bar, Dean's gravelly voice broke the silence "Which one of God's heavenly offspring are you?"
"Enough for what?" Sam's voice clearly expressing his frustration at the Archangel's cryptic statements.
Slowly, the tailspin Dean had been in began to slow down. Sam's voice providing enough of a rudder in its calmness that he placed his hands flat on the table's surface. His eyes darted around as if the answer would just jump out of one of the many books and parchments he had just finished tossing on to the table's surface.
Dean chewed his mouthful of pie slowly as he watched the interaction between his brother and his best friend and as he swallowed he realized, there was something definitely going on with the angel because watching Cas place his hand on Sam's shoulder...with a smile no less. Suddenly, Dean felt as if Cas' hello to Sam, wasn't really a hello at all.
So this was just a build up to the passion that is to come.
As a defensive measure he answered with his trade mark sarcasm "My weakness for pie and porn?"
This question seemed to stump the elderly black man and so Dean with a small shake of his head jumped in "give him the Booker's and put it on my tab." Seeing the questioning look on the bartender's face Dean added for the man's benefit as he explained to the bartender "it has a nicer finish. Smoother."
Castiel pushed his half empty beer away and slumped back in his chair a defeated angel.
"Yeah. It didn't last long." Dean said with derision.
And made his way over to stand next to Sam. Dean could feel the angel’s eyes on him and Dean kept his focus on the laptop, not yet ready to look up into those blue-eyes that he knew were studying him with an intensity that always made him feel uncomfortable. As if he were trying to understand what happened to cause such a change in his demeanor. His thoughts, feelings, aura. Everything. Dean’s unease came from knowing Cas was seeing exactly what Dean was trying to hide from himself.
"Well, it began when father came to me with a special request. A special mission that he would only entrust with Castiel. He wanted me to send him down to watch over a sheep herder, a young boy named, David."
Sam recovering after the surprise of almost being punched. Could only stare at his brother in confusion. "What? Who?"
Dean looked over at the man and shook his head in agreement. Taking a sip from his glass Dean asked "So. You are the one who brought Cas the ultimatum to come home?"
Barachiel, he felt them himself towards the angel and then he thought to himself 'How could you not?' With pity and understanding. Barachiel for the second time since meeting Dean Winchester, closed his eyes and sent another wave of peaceful calmness towards the man now kneeling among the wildflowers his head bowed and tears falling silently.
Sam still not entirely convinced the King of Hell wasn't working some angle replied "Honor his wishes. How would you possibly know about those? Besides, how could you help us?"
Pausing to assess the affect his news was having on Castiel, Crowley now had a difficult time reading the blue-eyed vessel's face. Which had now become stoic and unreadable. Crowley suddenly felt uncertain about how much more he should give the angel but decided he needed to know "and we both know Cas that you have a lot to answer for."
"So, for the rest of your life you will have a little bit of the angel Castiel inside you." Tilting his head he studied Dean and whispered "I just wonder..." stopping himself from going any further he let out a small laugh and shook his head. Then added “Castiel, I always knew you were a brilliant but this time...” Shaking his head as if to free it of anymore thoughts of the now gone angel, Barachiel began to walk away from the Winchester brothers
Castiel studied the dark weathered face of the powerful angel's chosen vessel, searching for a sign of deceit or dangerous intent. Realizing his efforts would be futile because of who and what his friend was, Castiel made the choice to trust his instincts about a friendship that went back to the day of his creation.
Sam was almost finished putting the last of the groceries into the refrigerator when he came to the bag with the cherry pie. Taking a quick sideways glance at his brother he quickly grabbed the small handle of the toaster oven and in one swift move pulled it open and slid the pie inside. Sam considered as a small payback for his brother's lack of appreciation. He had little hope that it would provide enough cover from his brother and that it would last more than a day or two. Grabbing a couple of beers from the fridge and heading back into the map room Sam made his way over to the large work table occupying a most of the room calling back in reply "Well, for one thing. Those lines Dean, are called runes!"
Barachiel heard the sadness return to Castiel and tried to reply "Brother..." before he could continue though, Castiel interrupted as if he really didn't want to hear the other angel's answer. The concern in his eyes as he asked the question Barachiel dreaded to answer "Barachiel, why have you come?"
"Well, they did bind Death to help with their little plot. So I can imagine they could have figured away to get you and the rest of the angels." Castiel with some sympathy in his voice.
"Well" he said loudly "I guess this is where I should get all biblical and say something that sounds religiously profound. You know for your book of Gospels and all"
Sam slowly recalled that there was more to Dean's sorrow than just what would happen to Castiel. He knew his brother cared deeply for Cas and though he often used the guise of Cas being like a brother to him. Sam knew the feelings Dean had for Cas ran deeper so much than that. Feelings that Dean had told him about as they sat under the stars one night, drinking beers and talking. It had been the night just after they had seen the play put on at that high school. At first Dean made a comment about seeing the two young ladies dressed as Dean and Castiel hugging. How unnerving it had been.
Dean stared blankly at the Demon as he raised his hand and with a slight bow, he snapped his fingers and disappeared.
Looking at Dean as he took the last step down into the study, Castiel couldn't help but think that of all the humans he had in his charge over the millennia. None of them meant as much to him as the Winchester brothers and that Dean Winchester was the first he would call a best friend and if he were honest with himself. The first he had come to love in a more personally intimate way and he felt that way from the moment he gripped Dean's soul and lifted him from Alistair's grasp. He hadn't meant for this to happen. After all, that sort of thing was what happened to other weaker angels and not to him. He was a guardian angel dedicated to his mission. Dedicated that is until he was given the assignment to watch over a hunter by the name of: Dean Winchester and though he never wavered in his belief and commitment to his mission. He suspects that his true feelings for Dean may have made him execute some errors in judgement. Sighing and with so many other words that he wanted to open up and say when it came to his feelings for the human. Castiel seeing no purpose in confessing and an outcome that make Dean react negatively, the angel instead went with the matter at hand and with an ease he did not expect. Looked up and met the green eyes looking back at him and answered tentatively "God, has returned home to heaven."
"What are they doing here?" Dean said approaching Barachiel "Cas' is here. He isn't armed and he already said he would go back. Why do you have them with you?"
Castiel took another drink from his beer and drew his hand across his lips. His mind racing at the thought of having to leave everything...everyone behind. Suddenly, a pain he had not felt before began to grow in his chest and he began to feel as if the air surrounding him had become thin. The change in Castiel's state did not go unnoticed.
"I'm sorry. What?"
Castiel looked over at his friend and looked directly at the one human he had truly loved. Naomi had been right about that, Castiel was lost to Dean Winchester the moment his celestial form grasped the man's tortured soul from the demon Alastair's grasp and carried it out of Perdition and now it was time for him to admit as much to his best friend and most beloved.
Even though he had been here on earth living both as angel and human. Cas still did not fully understand relationships or the angst that the humans insisted on placing upon them. In Heaven there wasn't really a male/female dynamic to worry about. Sure, angels tended to express their feelings in a wholly different way with each other if they cared to but Cas had also seen enough during his time here on earth to be confused about how human interaction really was supposed to work. The porn, listening to Dean as he spoke about his time spent with the female of the species. Castiel always felt he could spend another millennium living among the mortals and never come to understand them and their hang ups towards the expression of love and having sex.
“Naomi, was right you know. I was lost the moment I grabbed your soul from Alastair and wrapped myself around it. The power of your soul Dean was almost overwhelming to me but it was exactly what I had expected. You are special Dean, very few humans have a soul that burn as bright as yours does...”
Trying to sound nonchalant in order to hide his concern Castiel asked "Barachiel, how are things in heaven now? I used to get some news on angel radio but recently I haven't heard anything. Of course, I assume you know, that I am considered fallen and I am afraid my acceptance back up into heaven is probably out of the question. But at least I did get the news from up there and stay up with current events." Looking down and sounding a bit lost he continued "I fear they may have taken that away now as well."
Then, as quickly as it struck, it began to ebb away and as it did. A sound Dean hadn't heard in almost two years began to fill the interior cabin of the Impala. It was the unmistakable high pitched, skull crushing sound of an Angel's voice.
Looking skeptically at the man in black he asked "Really?"
"Look I ain't got time for this. You him or not?"
Swallowing to make his mouth less full Dean said "Hey, Cas. Nice to see you are getting better at the personal space thing."
Sam was unsure if he should offer anything to his brother in the way of comforting words. He was on unfamiliar ground with Dean. Never before has he seen the man who could get nearly any woman he wanted with a simple wink and a smile. Get tied up in so many knots about the feelings he has for someone else. Of course, this is the first time that his brother has been in love with an Angel.
"Oh. That." Crowley chewed the inside of his cheek as he thought over his answer and after coming to a decision he answered in his typical fashion. "Well, you see. It is rather embarrassing really."
Originally, he had arrived a short time after Sam had arrived and though he hated doing it he kept his arrival hidden. He had sensed that he should wait before intruding as he had picked up the tense emotion coming from the black classic car. This was a private moment between them both and his intention had been to disappear as quickly as he had arrived. But when he overheard Sam's remarks regarding Deans feelings. Castiel found himself glued in place. Unable to make himself withdraw and leave them to their privacy and with some guilt he stayed to listen.
Barachiel squatted down bringing himself down to Dean Winchester's eye level. Reaching out he gently clasped Dean's face and brought it around to face him. Up until then Dean had worked hard at avoiding the Archangel's eyes. Afraid of any retribution for his act in granting Cas a final goodbye by possessing his body.
Sam watched as Dean narrowed his gaze in irritation at his chosen words, and he knew his brother was about to launch into a defensive retort about his obvious misunderstanding of what he saw going on between himself and Cas. So to head him off, Sam spun the laptop he had been cradled in his arms and thrust the open screen into Dean’s face, barely stopping before hitting him in the nose with the edge of the device and with some excitement in his voice said. “I think we have a case.” Dean continued to glare at Sam then with some hesitation he broke eye contact and squinted at the screen that was now far too close to be seen clearly. Rolling his eyes, he grabbed the computer from Sam and moved it to a more readable distance and began to scan the screen.
Sam watched the exchange between his brother and Castiel, he too had picked up on the weird vibe coming from Castiel just as his brother had. Sam raised his eyebrow and with a quick glance at Castiel and deciding that maybe his brother who could get always get Cas to talk about whatever happened to be on his mind. Decided to make an excuse to be elsewhere. So that Dean could use that profound bond that Castiel felt they had to get whatever was bugging him out into the open. Standing up with a sigh Sam gathered the documents and called out to Dean "Well, I am going to see if I can find something in the archives on creatures that reside in Hades and this Orphne. See if I can come up with a list of possibilities"
And now it was just the two of them left standing, in silence as smoke rose and embers still smoldered under the gentle rain that was falling. Sam bent down and scooped some of the ash from the pile and into a small glass vile. A keepsake for himself and one day he hoped for his brother for he had an idea for a new amulet. Sam said "Come on Dean. We need to get you home and warmed up."
Flannel Dude barely acknowledged his request and so with a shrug of his shoulders and deciding that the basket wasn't worth an arm, he put his ear buds in to drown out the skidding sounds and returned to his own magazine featuring the latest on monster trucks.
Sam rolled his eyes and reached out and grabbed the laptop back from his brother and following a few taps of his finger he turned the screen back around and replied with some satisfaction in his voice “Because of this-” Dean threw his hands out so he could grab the laptop from Sam’s hands before there could be a repeat of the previous near miss to his face and he brought the computer closer and studied the new web page on the screen, his brow furrowed in doubt. Castiel shifted his position and came to stand behind Dean and began to look at the screen over his shoulder and because of his slightly shorter stature, Cas was forced to lean up against the taller man’s backside and peak over his shoulder Dean swallowed hard and held himself still. There was a part of him wanted to move away or at the very least adjust the position of the computer so that Cas would not have to be so close, but something held him back from doing so and instead he looked up into Sam’s face.
"I am him" as he spoke Dean sat the basket he was carrying back down with his left hand and in the same fluid movement reached around to the small of his back with his free hand and readied himself to pull the special blade he had wedge in his waist.
As just the song Kashmir began to reach the last refrain, Dean took the opportunity to curl in a little closer to his friend and while nodding his head in time to the music. He softly began to sing along with Page, his eyes never leaving the face that was now hovering a few inches closer to his own.
Their time of hanging out in the bunker was coming to an end and any personal moment they were sharing or about to share had been lost at Sam’s entry to his room. Mentally, Dean kicked himself for letting the chance to be being honest with Cas about the feelings he was having for the angel slip away...again. He vowed to make it up to his angel. And in what Dean considered a small step in that direction. He leaned into Cas just a little and with a small wink that went unseen by Sam, said “What do you think, Cas? You ready to hit the road and visit the Gulf Coast?”
“Come on. We...I cannot put this off any longer.”
Sam looked with curiosity at his brother's change in direction and then dropped the heavy book with a thump on the nearest table and related what he had read "Um, yeah. Apparently, Crowley's favorite pets, his Hell-hounds are descended from the original watch dog of Hades, Cerberus. A three headed dog that guarded the gates of Hades." Dean stared at his brother waiting for the part where he was supposed to understand where it all mattered. "So...?"
Castiel says goodbye. And Dean let's him go.
"I um..." Castiel paused searching for the correct answer. He was unsure of how to answer. He had been many places but he suspected Dean was merely being polite and really did not want to hear every detail. He was beginning to understand the definition of polite interest and suspected this was probably one of those times "I was meditating and paid a visit to one of your National Parks to do so." Castiel still shaken by the news he was just given by the Archangel nervously added "The park's wildflowers are beginning to bloom and that means..."
Suddenly. Dean knew what he needed to do one last time and despite the chance of one or both of them being punished by the Archangel for the act he was about to commit. Dean did not care. He wanted have Cas one last time, inside of him. One last intimate goodbye.
"What did you mean fetch me?
"This is also the period of watching over David that our Castiel went through his biggest change"
"Your name and better yet, what kind are you? Are you a good one or are you one of those dick ones?"
Sam nodded his agreement and added "Cas, does it say anything about the type of spirits or what they might be summoned for?"
Castiel paused and then the tone of his voice changed to one of resolution and commitment
“Well, I am glad if that is the case that I gave you something good.”
“and together Uriel and I returned your soul to your vessel. I held you down Dean and afterwards? My grace was close to being exhausted, it took nearly everything I had left in order for Uriel and I to get your soul back to where it belonged and it was the violent act of returning your soul that caused those marks to appear on your shoulder Dean”
“Tell me the whole story of how you raised me from Perdition.”
"Well, he said he was going to Claire then he would be back."
Glancing down at his computer screen to make sure the web page hadn’t disappeared Sam turned and made his way back down the corridor until he came up to the t-intersection that would take him towards the wing that housed their sleeping quarters. Walking down the wide hallway, Sam gave a mental sigh of relief when he heard a low murmur coming from the direction of Dean’s room and as Sam approached the doorway. He could see a thin line of light running the length of the door, a clear sign that it had been left slightly ajar. Sam hesitated briefly as he judged the gap left by the partially open door.
"You Dean?" His voice was rough and sounded as if the man's throat was very dry.
"Look, I was going over that scroll that we found in the archives. You know the one with the little scratchy lines all over it? I wasn't able to get anything from those scratches at all."
Dean stared back meeting the blue eyes of his friend. He saw nothing but hurt, fatigue and a great deal of sadness in them and all he wanted to do was save him. Dean knew from the biblical texts and all of the God based lore he had been forced to study by his own Dad growing up. That raising yourself above God and then being worshiped as a God was the worst offense one could commit against His number one commandment. It was after all, one of the very same sins for which Lucifer himself had originally been cast into Hell for all eternity and Lucifer was his most cherished son. Dean shook his head in denial. He wouldn't allow it. He began to think about a life without a man he loved as much as he loved his brother Sam. He couldn't. The mere thought of not seeing Cas or even getting one of his goofy voice messages was too much to contemplate.
Dean knew one thing about Heaven's second most rebellious angel and that is when he started on about the bees, it was all you could do to shut him up and right now hearing about his time with the bees seemed to be the last thing he wanted to discuss.
Except for his head moving in time to the music playing through the headset clamped to his head. Castiel remained still as he felt Dean shift on the bed. His heart began to beat a little quicker as he felt Dean’s warmth come closer. He forced himself to refocus on the music filling his ears. Castiel could not help but hear a deeper meaning to the words. He doubted Dean would understand why the meaning for him would be so different than w Mid-way through though, Castiel felt an abrupt shift in the air around them and using his abilities he had as an angel (and the brother's Winchester tended to forget about). Castiel knew the bedroom door had opened and that Sam now stood in its threshold. He also understood that Dean’s lack of reaction also told the angel that his friend who was currently singing to him, had not noticed.
"I am not sure Dean. As you know nothing has been written yet. So there is always hope but I need to know, that you will be okay regardless of what happens. I don't think I could stand spending eternity worrying that you are okay."
"Yes. You do and in that respect we have much in common."
“Yes, I have heard this before and he along with Robert Plant, they are also a favorite of yours and Sam’s for fake names too.”
Castiel stopped for a moment and couldn't resist the urge to lean down and brush his lips softly against Dean's parted ones.
Barachiel glanced sharply down at the human and said "I have no idea. No one does except God of course"
To the Hunters who fight the good fight against evil, for the Winchester Boys who always carried on, no matter how hard the fight. And for the Angel who never changed and never lost his faith in mankind - or in me.
Dean entered the study with a fresh beer and saw Cas studying of the many religious themed paintings that hung throughout the large room. Dean took advantage of the moment to study his best friend more closely. The painting that seemed to have a particular hold on his Cas was the one that Sammy had called the Fallen Angel. He could not recall the painter's name but of course when Sammy would try to educate him about the rare artwork hanging throughout the bunker. Dean found it difficult to focus for very long on what his brother was telling him. The subject of the painting that had captured all of Cas' attention featured a dark winged angel whose body seemed to have landed upon a jagged outcropping of rocks, his supine body writhing in agony, an arm was raised and bent so as to cover the lower portion of the fallen angel's face and the part that remained exposed. Well, Dean could never tell if the eyes were conveying anger or shame in response to his falling. Looking from the painting and down at Cas then back again. Dean suddenly had a bad feeling settle in and he wanted to get rid of it the only way he knew how. Confront whatever it was that posed the problem.
"Dean. We have to do something. We have to figure out a way..."
"Cas. You are coming back right. You know before your time is up."
"Snippy?"
Rolling his eyes at the youngest Winchester he was barely able to keep the sarcasm from his voice as he said
Unfolding himself from the passenger compartment and standing up, Castiel began to walk across the muddy road towards the spot where Sam had regained control of his body and forced Lucifer and an unwilling Michael down into the pit.
I have a few more stories in me. 2 of which get there origins as side stories from this one.
Quickly realizing who it was and fearing they had waited to long to burn Castiel's body Sam grabbed the demon knife from his belt and yelled out in alarm as he ran towards his brother. "Crowley...stay away from..." before he could finish the King of Hell looked over at him and waved his hand causing Sam to become frozen in place.
Feeling a presence behind him Dean shifted his weight slightly backwards and felt a firm chest brush up against his back and as arms encircled his waist and began to tighten, pulling Dean back against him. Soft lips began to brush Dean's ears and whispered.
"Anything Cas."
Castiel looked almost hurt at the question "Of course, Dean" and with that he disappeared.
Curious now Castiel asked "What happened?"
After settling into the more familiar form once again, Castiel looked to his brother. His confusion and sadness sensed by the other. Who immediately tried to explain.
With something new to focus on Dean sat up straighter in his chair and replied with some sarcasm "Great, Rowena is becoming the Hell-hound Whisperer and is going to get them to sit and roll over. Not to mention: sick'em. Perfect!"
"So you think maybe there is a chance you won't be sent away...to the Empty?"
Castiel smiled patiently and said "Sam, I will be fine. We don't even know the outcome. Barachiel even pointed out that there is a chance that he will take all of that into consideration and do nothing."
Dean looked up at Barachiel suddenly feeling as if the ground he was sitting on had become unsteady.
"Our rebellious little friend is very clever, for what it would take for me to remove what little bit of grace you do have inside you, Dean Winchester. Well, it would cause you a great deal of discomfort. So, I am going to do nothing."
"Castiel? Your vessel looks unwell." Castiel swallowed hard and suddenly a phrase by humans came to mind "rip the band-aide off". He recalled the time and effort Sam Winchester took to explain the meaning behind it. He called it an allegory. Castiel with the fear of seeing the humans he had come to love above all others and telling them good bye for the last time. He impetuously decided now was the time to "rip off his band-aide" and looked back at Barachiel as he blurted out. "What if I were to say I was ready now?"
Barachiel felt no anger as he listened patiently to the mortal as he focused all of his frustration and anger on him. If he felt anything at all, it was admiration and respect. Before coming down to visit with Castiel, God had told him about the Winchester brothers and more specifically about Dean. Dean was uncommonly loyal to any he considered friend or family, anyone that he had come to care about instantly came under Dean Winchester's protection and because of his complex relationship with Castiel.  Barachiel understood that Dean Winchester's threat of taking on Heaven for Castiel's life was unlikely to be successful and most likely end badly for Dean. He knew Dean wouldn't care about the risks to himself and would try to save Castiel anyway.
"So. What conclusion would that be?" Dean asked tersely
Sam looked down at the table and its contents and spoke quietly to himself "They made you swear an oath Dean. But they didn't make me. So I will go through everything the Men of Letter's have collected and pull it all together for us to go through."
Suddenly, his attention was refocused back to Claire and her words as she brought up her relationship with Castiel.
Castiel reached the outer edges of the meadow and stopped, a bee hive had been created in the heart of an old log and Castiel could not help but stop and admire their efficiency in working together, each inhabitant serving their purpose in the hive upkeep. Castiel, having no sense of time as he watched the hive, slowly began to sense another presence in the meadow. Still focused on the bees and their travels around the meadow and its nectar filled flowers, Castiel refocused some of his energy away from the hive and began to search the meadow for the new arrival. He was sure it was here but it was being elusive, like it was trying to avoid detection. Cas was not alarmed or worried because he did not sense any danger, only curiosity. Reluctantly, he began to retreat back towards his vessel. Slowly circling the immobile figure, Castiel began to coalesce around his physical transport and paused. He wanted to make one last sweep around the meadow trying to get a fix on any threat. Sensing no threat, he slowly reentered the body via the slightly parted lips of his human vessel: Jimmy Novak. Castiel paused before opening his eyes and reached out with his angel senses, trying to get a better handle on the other energy now sharing his meadow retreat. He knew now the visitor was of celestial origin like himself and even though it was attempting to mask its identity and location Castiel remained still with his eyes closed and face turned upward and waited for his visitor to make the first move. He did not have to wait very long.
Stopping briefly to see how his audience of one was holding up. And satisfied he had his full attention he continued "Uriel of course had Rafael ear and Rafael took it to Michael. And from there Dean Winchester the plan was set into motion that would trap me at the Edge of the Darkness. Simply by providing me with compelling evidence of the problem growing there. Of course, the second half of their plan involved making sure they had the right vessel's at just the right moment. Which you already know the backstory. Those poor Cherubim. They were inconsolable when they found out how they had been used in an effort to get the right pairing of humans in order for that to happen. Of course, you know the rest from here on that score. What they didn't plan on was you making a deal with the demon for your soul." looking at Dean quizzically. Dean could only respond with a shrug as he said "I did it for Sam."
As the dusky light began to trade places with the dark purple of early evening, the trench-coated figure of Castiel, stood on a grassy knoll overlooking the King of Hell's newest "palace". Crowley had chosen another abandoned mental hospital that had been closed almost fifty years before because of an intrepid reporter who went undercover and exposed the horrific unsanctioned medical treatments used in efforts to "cure" those with mental disorders. Castiel suspected he liked to use these locations for the convenient layout of the buildings with their multiple rooms each with the security that would make any prison system look weak in comparison. Of course, there would be the added benefit of any tortured souls that may be bound to the place because of slow or agonizing deaths. Castiel continued to watch as the demon sentries walk around the high walls or as they stood close together in conversation. The night air had a chill to it and even though it did not affect him in a physical way. He did enjoy the sensation it was – refreshing. Looking up into the deep purple of night sky at the brilliant stars that glistened, he took a breath and exhaled and instantly regretted his actions. Squeezing his eyes shut, Castiel dropped his chin to his chest the memory of the falling angels and the streaks they left in the evening sky as they fell still fresh in is memory. He blamed himself and even though he was tricked into helping Metatron, the Scribe of God in completing his spell to oust his brethren from their home. Castiel still felt the pain of responsibility. Because he understood that it was his weakness in his trusting in an angel of Metatron's standing, that allowed the Scribe to lead him down such a terrible road. Of course, for all of his other transgressions and his faith that the angels had held the same beliefs as himself when it came to mankind. It was his weakness in allowing himself to have emotions for the humans in his charge that led to his current predicament. They tried to warn him and when Uriel, Rafael and Zachariah ambushed him in the old warehouse and dragged him from his vessel, brutally. He knew he had done the right thing in not listening to them. He had to protect them...mankind. Just as their Father had asked. But in the end, it was his hubris in believing he could fix everything and bring peace to Heaven that brought everything crashing down.
"Your respects! Why do I doubt that?"
Cas brought his eyes up slowly to meet concerned green-eyes of the man he loved and answered "...and so I am being called back to heaven, Dean. I am the last participant of that horrible mess to be called home to answer for his part in it. Raphael, Lucifer, Michael, Uriel...all of them have had their punishments decided and now, it's my turn." Castiel paused.
“I don’t know. Anything! What if they took something from the wreck and now they are paying the price!”
Dean took another glance at the old guy as he took a seat a few bar stools over and noticed the man's retro attire, it reminded him of the suits they wore on some of those old TV programs his dad to like from the 50's. Dean put the older black man's age to be his mid-seventies, it was hard to tell because his face was deeply lined as if he had spent a lifetime outside, toiling hard in the elements. As the man settled into his seat he took the hat from his head and turned his gaze in Dean's direction and nodded a greeting. This allowed the hunter to get a better look at the man's face and Dean immediately noticed the intensity of the deep chocolate eyes and when they met Dean's gaze. He felt as if the eyes were drilling into him and taking his personal thoughts. With a quick nod back at the man, Dean turned back to his beer.
Dean watched as Cas seemed to get a far away look in his eyes as the scenes of that ordeal began to replay themselves in the angel's memory. His hand had even stopped its caressing and now lay unmoving in the center of his chest. Dean reached up to hold it as if to keep the connection open between them and he began to worry that maybe he should not have asked Castiel to go that time again.
Sam sat at the large table at the center of the room going over some old papers. When his brother came  through the arched portal that led back to the bedrooms. Sam could see the anguish in his eyes. He was losing the love of his life and Sam was now worried about his brother and what was to come. He had never seen his brother look as defeated as he did at this very moment.  Sam's heart was aching for Dean and the pain he must be feeling.
Cas nodded his understanding of Dean’s instructions and then did as he told by closing his eyes. Although, he couldn’t help taking one last peek through a partially opened eye at Dean. A small smile quirked his lips as he noticed Dean had closed his eyes as well, while still curled up on his side next to him. And as Page’s opening guitar solo started to float through his earbuds. Cas clamped his eye shut like the other and leaned ever so slightly against the leg to his left and listened.
Dean could only muster a 'who me' smile to that bit of news.
"Dean, I know what you are doing right now. You are thinking of ways to prevent him from having to leave. You are running different ways to bargain with me. Maybe even a way to cause me great bodily harm. All in an effort to thwart my taking him. You even let the thought of killing me run through your mind" Dean glanced guiltily at the Archangel at the last part. "Don't worry Dean. I am not taking that personally. You are desperate to keep your friend safe from harm or...here with you. But Dean, there is nothing that you can do and that includes, bargaining with God himself."
Dean had cheated a little and had opened his eyes to study Castiel as he listened to the tape. And even though his eyes were open, Dean was oblivious to his brother’s stealthy entrance into his room.
Dean finally broke the silence “Cas?”
With tears beginning to roll, from the corners of his eye's, he began to laugh out loud as the weight of worry about his best friend was lifted from his shoulders. Not caring in the least Dean looked upwards and said aloud."Way to go Castiel...way to go you dorky little nerd angel" then with a sad sigh he added “I love you, Babe and I miss you so much it hurts.”
Dean shuffled into the kitchen and grabbed a cup of coffee. Thanking his brother for thinking ahead and brewing some and then followed him out to the study. Stepping down into the cavernous room, Dean realized it now held everything Sam had found on the Archangel Barachiel and the Darkness, the Light and where the Empty fit into all of it. Of course, he also brought along anything else he could find that might be helpful. "Listen Dean, the Men of Letters put together quite a bit on this Archangel Barachiel and the Enochian books have several volumes dedicated to him and not to mention the Empty and get this based on the story you told me about King David. I think they even mention Cas but not by name. " Dean could only raise an eyebrow at this news. He was still groggy but thankful that his brother had given him that extra hour and some strong coffee. Taking a sip he listened to Sam as he recounted what he had found in the Enochian texts in regards to an angel who supposedly helped David kill a giant and become a king.
Dean nodded and felt relief that his brother was not giving up on Castiel. He reflected on the different descriptions he used when defining their relationship with the Angel but the one he always repeated silently to himself was: the one I love. Although he once came clean to Sam about his feelings for Cas years before on a night where both brothers were alone and drinking while sitting on the hood of the Impala.  Dean still could not bring himself to talk openly about his feelings towards Castiel and that they feelings that transcended the term brotherly love. Dean knew his brother would be okay with him being with another man...with Cas. But Dean kept his secret from Cas because it was more to protect himself from being hurt by this very situation. He knew Cas may have to leave one day and he wasn't sure that if he allowed himself to get close and let himself commit, if he would be strong enough to let him go. So he just kept his feelings for Cas buried. But now, in that regard he knew that he wasn't going to be able to just let Cas leave...not with out saying something to Cas first.
"They bound Death?" Barachiel said with some incredulity his own tone changing from anger to some relief when he heard the change in Castiel's voice "Wow, that took some real chutzpah." Castiel gave a brief smile in agreement.
Castiel and Dean finally "talk" and you know does other stuff.
“So just close your eyes and listen to the music and see if you can pick up the different sections of the song. Oh, and let the intro just flow through you and afterwards I want you to compare it to the song Kashmir’s opening. I want to know which you like better.” and with that he pressed the play button and instead of rolling back to his previous position up against the headboard. Dean crooked his arm up so his hand propped his head and the pillow was now wedge as support in the triangle that was created.
Moving into the other study filled with a large collection of biblical artwork. Castiel took up position in front of a painting that would guarantee the avoidance of eye contact with anyone entering the room. Unfortunately, the subject of the painting made Castiel regret his decision in tactics.
"Well, none of that sounds good" Sam said.
Startled by his brother’s sudden and emphatic entrance into his bedroom. A flustered Dean broke himself away from his too intimate proximity to Cas, and began to roll himself off to the side of the mattress in an attempt to launch himself up and off the bed. His intentions were to make a show of nothing to see here innocence. Then confront his younger brother for not observing their rule for knocking before entering when a door is closed. But his inner voice made him second guess his plan because the inner voice also knew that to remind Sam about the “door rule” would probably lead to questions as to why it was closed in the first place. But then the entire scenario playing out in his head had to be rewritten when his feet became entangled in the bed covers and instead of planting his feet firmly on terra firma - he fell forward and then downward onto the floor.
"Yes, Castiel. Lucifer refuses to confess even to Father about how he pulled it off but somehow with Michael's help and some warding magic. They bound myself along with my contingent of angels to the boundary between the Darkness and the Light" Barachiel replied with disappointment filling his voice. "It happened so quickly, Castiel. We had barely arrived. When we were bound and rendered immobile and as Amara broke free. I had to sit there and struggle as I watched Amara leave us behind." Barachiel let the anger seep deeper into his voice as he continued his story.
"You will say good bye and you will return and answer for what you did in heaven...the slaughter of our brothers and sisters, here on earth...the innocents. The Leviathan. All while you were calling yourself the New God...a false God." Barachiel's statement caught Castiel off guard. Internally, his panic was replaced by guilt as the charges were given back to him. Externally though, he remained a soldier.
Claire stared at the blue-eyes of her father and chuffed in disbelief and said “Okay. Whatever. Live in denial” standing up and grabbing the heavy dufflebag she had been carrying she slung it up and onto her shoulder and walked around the wooden picnic table to stand next to Cas. Who stood at the same time and was now turned toward her. She wrapped her arms around him and hugged Castiel tightly.
They entered the dimly lit room through a heavy oaken door and scanned the interior for a place to sit. They didn't have to look very hard. Except for the two patrons sitting at the bar conversing with the bartender. They had their choice of seating throughout the rest of the dimly lit room. Grabbing Barachiel's arm, Castiel guided the angel to a table located furthest away from the jukebox and the horrible sound it made. Over at the bar there were three men who stared as they watched the unusual duo make their way into the room. Nodding in their direction, after settling Barachiel into one of the wooden chairs. Castiel sat down heavily in the one opposite his friends. "Do you know what you want?" Barachiel took a deep breath and seemed to ponder the question for a moment and as if coming to a momentous decision he replied "Yes. I would like to have a whiskey." Nodding at his choice Castiel having been to many types of bars now with the Winchesters, knew this was not a table side service kind of place. He pushed himself back to his feet and made his way over to the bar to place their order. Looking around as he waited for their order, Castiel couldn't help but recall the number of times he and the Winchesters had been in places similar to this one. Making plans for whatever evil they were going up against or just as friends passing the time together in camaraderie. The bartender finished pouring the whiskey and placed the open bottle of beer on the glossy bar top in front of Castiel. Reaching into his coat pocket Castiel retrieved the leather case that held the plastic card Sam had given him to pay for things when he needed to. Handing the card over he said in his best imitation of Dean "run a tab, please" The bar tender nodded and took the card. Castiel picked up the drinks and walked back over to the table. Placing the glass of amber liquid in front of Barachiel, Castiel took his place in the chair opposite his friend. Raising his glass towards Castiel, Barachiel brought the glass towards his lips pausing briefly to take in the aroma of its contents. Closing his eyes Barachiel took a sip and shivered.
"Well...this is a bit of an unexpected turn." Barachiel spoke with some humor in his voice "Our little rebel angel had to get one last a bit of rebellion in before returning to Heaven"
Castiel heard Dean stop at the top of the three stairs that led down into the room and knew he was being studied, sensing the concern his friend was showing. He knew the time had come for him to tell his best friend, his brother and in some respects his savior about what had transpired between Barachiel and himself. Bowing his head in resignation, Castiel turned slowly, raising his chin as he did so to meet the worried green eyes of his friend with his own.
"You're a prophet. I'd recognize the signs anywhere. What can I do for you?" The man adjusted his long coat and said
And with desperation in his voice Dean whispered “Please Cas' there has to be something.' Spinning around as an idea struck. Dean looked at Cas with pleading green eyes “Time travel. You can take us back...an hour...a month. What ever we can. We can go back and have more time together!”
"...and I am one of them." Castiel finished the sentence softly
Of course he knew his brother hadn't heard his a single word from his outburst and he didn't care but unbeknownst to Sam. Standing next to the garbage bin that he had angrily threw his bottle. There was one being who had heard every word of his outburst and all the being could do was look after the younger Winchester as he slammed the door leading back into the bunker closed with a loud bang.
Dean looked over at Cas and for his part the angel extended his hand and waived it in the direction of Sam with a slight nod of his head. Dean turned to look back at Sam and began to fill his brother in on the latest bombshell dropped at their feet.
"Castiel. Castiel is the last one to be called home"
Claire stared at him and squinted her eyes in order to gauge his understanding or non-understanding of Dean's feelings towards him.
"Yes. We can do that. I know a place."
He heard a slightly suppressed laugh come from the direction of Sam and from behind him, a still sitting Cas merely said “Dean, are you okay?” Pushing himself up from the hard floor, Dean with pink tinged cheeks glanced over at Castiel and gave a dismissive nod of his head and to Sam he turned and with barely disguised frustration and anger sputtered
"I...I have no answer for that. I was just trying to do what I thought..."
Barachiel paused only this time it was because the next part was a difficult admission "I made the mistake in trusting our brother too, Castiel. I failed to see the real motive behind his orders. I was blinded by my devotion to Michael and I did not see the trap he set but I should have, Castiel" with some frustration now riding in his voice he continued "I heard the rumors about a plot to return the age of angels and restore our dominion over Earth. They wanted to take it all back to the way it was before Eden." hoping for some understanding from his trusted friend. He continued
Dean replied softly as he looked up at his brother "but he would be alive, not in pain and living free".
Sam did remember, It was a musical and though not exactly his cup of tea. He did remember Dean's reaction to the two young ladies playing as Dean and Castiel.
Listening to the sounds coming from the kitchen Sam could tell his brother was moving around looking for the hidden pie and he heard him add a little more indistinctly "I still think it sounds like an Irish chick folk band" Smiling to himself, Dean could only shake his head and muttered "Rowena and the Celtic Coven. Come see them at the Kansas State Fair. " chuckling at his own jest, Dean crossed over to where the toaster oven sat and the cupboards located above. He reached up to open the cupboard and checked inside. Disappointment fell across his face when he found the space lacking in pie. Then has he began to turn away to search another set of cupboards. The red and white label of a cherry pie caught his eye through the darkened glass of the toaster oven. Giving a small smirk at Sam's weak attempt at trying to keep him from finding the tasty pastry. Dean, flung the door to the little oven open and grabbed the prize inside.
The bartender watched the lone man at the end of the bar as he downed the last bit of liquid from the bottom of his glass bottle and waited to see if he was going to waive his hand in the universal signal for "I will have another" and as expected, he didn't have to wait long. Tossing his bar towel to the side he grabbed a new bottle from the bar fridge and ripped the top off and placed it in front of his customer. He had been a bartender for almost twenty years and he come to recognized the different types of drinkers and the reasons they come to a dive like this and he pegged this guy for a "relationship that had become difficult" drinker. He decided to see if he was right. "You okay, Bud?" as he set the bottle down on the bar and continued "You look a little frustrated."
With a final look of derision and the art work on the wall, Dean decided he needed to get away from the bunker...from that painting. Grabbing his keys to the Impala and scribbling a note for Sam and tossing it on the table. Dean Winchester took the stairs two or three at at time and practically ran from the building to the closest bar.
Dean furrowed his brow, perplexed as to Castiel’s meaning.
Cheers!
"There were a lot of bees!" Dean said with voice lightly tinted with sarcasm.
Dean could only stare up at Barachiel, he did not know what to say.
Surprised by his question Barachiel answered unable to conceal that surprise in his voice "We are high up in the Grand Tetons in a remote meadow. It is where I first came to find Castiel, I thought it would be a good place for you and I to finish our conversation... uninterrupted."
Led Zepplin
While rubbing the back of his head where contact had been made with the Impala, Dean also became aware of Castiel and his raising ardor and with the bump on his head forgotten, he returned his lips to Cas' soft ones that were now bit more swollen and to Dean could not look any more sexier,and said.
Seeing the disgust in Castiel's eyes Crowley continued "That's right, Castiel. I could feel your presence. Of course, this is the first time I actually picked up on your feathery beauty and I am chalking it up to the emotions you are feeling about being called home – to Daddy and the idea that you will never see Hughie and Louie ever again." Crowley knew he had hit a nerve with the last comment and was glad he did. He didn't know if he could deal with a maudlin angel sitting on his doorstep. He couldn't believe that he wanted the angelic nightmare to get some of his fire back... he needed for him to get it back. Crowley wasn't ready to admit that he had gotten a little soft on the angel and could not afford to have him and Lucifer occupying the same space. It would be a living nightmare and he would not get a moments peace. He could see Castiel was taken aback but not surprised by the demon knowing his predicament. Crowley decided to push on with his goading "So Cas, are you here to admire my landscaping skills or are you just waiting for your chance to John Hinckly me?
Castiel dropped the papers from his hand and turned to the love of his life and said. "Promise me again Dean. You won't do anything to risk your life or my...trial.”
If you have read this far thank you.
“Dean. Dean will be fine.”
“Cas, I already have.”
Castiel stopped him from saying anything by leaning forward pressing his lips hard against Dean's own and forcing his lips farther apart with his tongue and because he was still straddling Dean's midsection. Castiel began to move his hips back and forth. Grinding harder and harder and with each thrust of his pelvis. He could  feel the stirrings of renewed passion begin to grind back in answer and as if he had been reading Dean Winchester's mind said.
Finally, when he couldn't take it any longer he called out "Hey man! You gonna buy that stuff or what? You been fingering those magazines for twenty minutes."
"Yes, I have an idea." Cas said with some resignation.
Cas looked up at Dean who was sitting back on his heels,wedged between Castiel's legs and it was quite evident even to him that this would not work out. So with a Cheshire like grin Castiel sat forward and wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled him into a hug and began to slowly kiss along the man's neck.
Opening the drawer closest to him, Dean pulled out a knife and proceeded to cut the plastic seal protecting the delicacy inside and then grabbed a fork from the drawer and as he did so he heard his brother say from the other room "I will take a look and see what I can get from it."
Worry and shame crept across his face. It wasn't so much that Crowley just admitted to the new cages being built and what that may mean for his outcome but that he seemed to know so much more about what was going on upstairs than he did.
Castiel released a small sigh and released his hold from Dean and rolled over to sit back on his heels. His feet hanging over the edge of the bed and his knees barely touching Dean's ribs, Cas reached out a hand to brush along the muscled contour of Dean's torso and he began the story...the whole story of how he rescued the man that he had fallen in love with the moment he touched his soul.
Dean choice of pronoun was not lost on Sam and he said "Pray, Dean. He will come to you."
His reverie at the sight was broken by the sound a low groan coming from his brother. Sam ran over to Dean in order to help with the burden he was trying to support. Wrapping his long arms around both men and he helped to guide them as they slid down as one, the side of the Impala's front panel. Dean made sure to land with Castiel's...no Jimmy's (he would not call the body Castiel ever again) head cradled in his lap.
"Alright then." turning towards his brother. Who now sat shivering against the Impala called out "Dean, I am going to get the shroud from the trunk. We have to do this now." Dean looked up at his brother and nodded. Looking back down at Jimmy Novak's lifeless face he felt compelled to push some hair that had flopped over the broad forehead away. It had been causing water to run over his closed eyes and Dean imagined that Cas wouldn't like that.
Claire tried to open her mouth as if to speak again but Castiel kept on going. Afraid to stop because now his speech was becoming more about convincing himself to return to Heaven and not stay here on earth, with the people he considered his family and with -  Dean. Startled. Castiel hesitated before continuing on with his argument. Wondering to himself why he singled out Dean in his thoughts. Forcing himself to refocus, Cas knew his duty, his place and that was serving his Father as a soldier.
Dean pushed past his brother and left the question unanswered and headed into the adjoining room and began to frantically scan the table top. "Sam, we need to find everything we can about Barachiel...the Darkness, everything. You hear me?"
"Well, that is just awesome." Dean focused his attention on the amber liquid inside his glass. Waiting for the Archangel to continue.
"Have you forgotten darling? You and I once shared that sexy vessel – together." Castiel as an angel could not feel illness but when he realized where Crowley was going he suddenly had an idea what it would feel like if he could.
It was in the middle of taking his third forkful of pie when Dean heard the familiar fluttering behind him and turning mid-chew, he caught sight of his favorite angel and best friend standing just a few feet away.
Castiel noticed and rolled his eyes and with a shake of his head amended his comment “I almost always did as you asked. It was all because I loved you.”
“Alright Dean. What ever you want. But I think it is both wrong and unfair to do this to yourself and to Cas” with that Sam reached over and gripped the door handle of the Impala and jerked the door open. His frustration with his brother's pigheadedness making him angry and Sam did not want that feeling when Castiel returned.
Reaching the end of the rack Dean looked down at the basket at his feet to check its contents and make sure it had everything he and Sam needed to make it through the evening. Satisfied there were plenty of frozen burritos, protein bars, SlimJims, apple pie and of course more aspirin, Dean bent down to pick up the basket, realizing that the only thing missing was the beer. Dean straightened and turned to walk back up the aisle towards to cold box where the beer was kept. Suddenly, a flash of light, like a cell phone's camera going off caught his eye.
Wanting to get more of a bead on Cas he decided to ask for his help "So Cas" he said more deliberately "I was wondering if maybe you understood those scratches on the scroll"
Suddenly, there was a small shudder, and at first Castiel had thought he imagined it, but he had felt the imperceptible movement pass through his hand and then. Dean's chin slowly began to turn into his out stretched palm that had been caressing his cheek only moments before.  Cas felt the soft hair of Dean's scruffy beard tickling the sensitive center of his hand, a shiver traveled up his arm and a warmth spread throughout his body and eventually settling into his groin as soft lips began pressing into the center of his palm.
After they had in silence for a few moments and enjoyed their beverages Dean finally decided it was time to end the charade.
Eventually, his thoughts began to drift towards Castiel's inevitable departure and everything it meant to the Winchester brothers. He was worried for Castiel of course but he knew focusing on him was futile. A pragmatist he knew that Castiel would have to take care of himself on this one but what about Dean?
Letting out his breath slowly, Barachiel was relieved to hear what he had hoped from the young man, but quickly tensed as the young man rushed towards him stopping with his face only a few inches from his own. Anger resonating once again in his voice as he spoke. "I want you to know that if I find out he was dumped in to the Empty after all, I won't give up trying to get him out"
Crowley looked at the large man stuck in place and gave a scoffing smile. Waving his hand to release him "That is your problem. I promise you, I am merely here to offer my condolences"
Barachiel dropped Dean off at his Impala, the hunter was a little taken aback at being returned to normal time as the night was still all around them. Albeit, the sky did look a little lighter in the east. Looking at the Archangel with a questioning gaze, he was advised that only an hour had passed since they departed and that was because Barachiel wanted to make sure there was no real lost time for him to spend with Castiel and then with a quick nod he was gone.
Castiel breaks the news about his being called home to Sam and Dean.
"The artist, he was french and his name was Alexandre Cabanal and he was born in the early 1800s. The subject of this painting is one is of an angel that fell because he backed Lucifer in his first attempt at taking over heaven." Dean tried to decide if it was coincidence or mind reading that caused Castiel to begin to talking about the painting above the fireplace.
Barachiel continued "I am sorry I did jump ahead just then but let me back up just a bit. I want you to understand everything that has happened before today. You see, I for one could not understand why He would want some lowly sheep herder to be watched over by such an angel of Castiel's rank but I figured out later, it wasn't the rank...it was Castiel himself he wanted to watch over the boy. So, I sent him as commanded and it was just after Castiel left to begin his mission with David that Dad himself became harder and harder to pin down. Until, eventually none of us could find Him at all."
Feeling uncomfortable, Castiel walked across the kitchen floor and over to where he could glance through the opening leading to the main room he continued. "Um...lately I have found that I miss being myself, my true self" turning back to face Dean he continued. "So, that is where I was."
Smiling at the man next to him he replied "Yes, until Castiel." Shaking his head Barachiel turned in his stool to face the man next to him and with excitement in his voice began to tell the story of Castiel's moment of creation. "Dean, I watched as this nondescript little angel, newly created, come before our father to receive his Grace and like thousands of angels preceding him, Castiel was given his but then..." Barachiel paused trying to find the right words to convey the extraordinary event that occurred afterwards
Dean felt as if his world had just been upended and he had been punched in the stomach all at the same time. His mind began to race
As Barachiel made his request. Dean tried to escape by studying the blue flowers of the mountain lupine surrounding them. He couldn't help but notice the deep blue outer petals of the flower as they opened up and arched away from the main bud. It reminded Dean of angels wings and the way they flared from the angels' body when they decided to flex them. Thinking about the flaring wings Dean then realized the blue of the flower also matched Cas' eyes when he allowed his Grace to shine through. As the wind picked up and began to stir the tips of the lupine stalks a green-eyed grasshopper landed clumsily on a flower and began to work its way around one of the "wings".
Sorry for the delay. I am easily distracted and when I sit down to write I check out the new stories. Then I start reading those stories and I forget about mine. It is all very messy. Anyway, here is a new chapter. I do not have anyone to read them so if they are grammatically horrible or punctuationally (not a word, I know but I don't care) awkward. I apologize.
"Look man...just take it easy on the basket. I only have a few left"
“But as you know we prevailed over your captors and when I faced Alastair to take you back it was with my brother's help that I was able to wrest your soul from his hold. Oh Dean. I wish...” he paused as if looking for the right words. Then continued with something that sounded of awe “I wish, I could help you understand what that felt like.” Looking down into green-eyes, Castiel reached out and placed his palm on the side of the young man's face.
Sam considered his brother and reflected on everything that he knew Dean had to endure his entire life. The family story of their Mother's death and how John, their father, had thrust a six month old Sam into Dean's young arms and told him to run and take care of his brother. From that moment Dean had never stopped protecting his younger brother and Sam knew he was fearless about doing so. Nothing seemed to scare his older brother and to Sam, he always seemed indestructible. Now though for the first time that he can recall. He is witnessing his brother expose a vulnerability he had never seen before and that was his feelings for Castiel.
“Listen, Cas. You can live in denial about Dean if you want but he is going to have a hard time of it. He loves you and I think you love him. Well, as much as a celestial being can love anyone. And I think you continue to tell yourself it's because of your love for humanity and that you did everything for humanity. But really! I think.” Claire paused “I think it was because you believed in and loved one human.”
"Did you not suspect?"
As Cas turned to look back into the other room where his brother sat, Dean took advantage and made a quick examination of Cas. He suddenly felt his hunter instincts kick in when Castiel met his eyes then quickly break away and nervously flick to the other room. Castiel had never really been successful at deception. Despite his protests to the contrary, and Dean began to sense that Cas was acting like he was unnerved, anxious or was it fear? Dean knew that even though he was getting better at it, Castiel was still awkward at the subtleties when it came to human interactions and emotions and showing them himself. Sometimes he wondered if Cas missed being able to move about as "Celestial Intent" not being confined in such a small vessel. Cas had never really spoke about it before and if Dean or Sam tried to bring it up, Cas would usually find a way to move away from the topic. It was definitely odd that he mentioned it right now.
"Well, Dean that us why I am here in this bar. Talking to you." Dean looked at the old man with confusion. Barachiel continued "I'm here to ask you to let Castiel go and promise that you and your brother will not try to find out where he is so that you can rescue him." Dean's look of resistance at the question made Barachiel carry on with more force behind his words "Because the worst place God could send him would be out to the edge of the Universe and live in the Empty."
"Cas?" Dean interrupted
With a nod Castiel turned to Sam and approached him with arms wide and gave the tall man a hug. When he pulled away he said "Please watch him Sam. He is..." Castiel could not find the words he needed to say when he heard Sam's reply "I know Cas. I will keep an eye on him. I promise."
"How did you know I was out here, Crowley?"
They sat in silence a few moments longer each trying to figure out how to break the uncomfortable silence that had settled between them and again it was the Archangel with a small chuckle who broke the silence first.
Castiel nodded in understanding and gratefulness. "Thank you, Sam...Dean".
So, closing his eyes Dean let himself go and allowed himself to tear down the wall he had built to keep him safe from Cas and being hurt. He allowed himself to feel the love that at this moment seemed so overwhelming that he could barely contain it. Turning his head and bringing his lips to brush the warm hand against his face. Dean didn't care as the tears began to roll down his cheek and was only vaguely aware as Cas' other hand came up to wipe them.
"I don't know. I just knew. I thought about what you said when you carried my soul out of Hell. I thought maybe if I said yes. You would know” and with a small laugh he added “and you did!”
It made sense because recently, Dean had made it his life’s mission to try and enlighten Cas about music and his favorite shows. Starting with the exciting world of the medical drama: Dr. Sexy, M.D. his brother tried to get the angel as hooked as he was on the drama. From Sam’s perspective things weren’t quite working out the way Dean was intending though.
Looking down at the old hands of his vessel, Barachiel began to notice the lines and weathered look of them. He began to rub them together as he answered "A possible worst case would be Purgatory or...in Hell with Lucifer or..." Barachiel paused suddenly unsure if he should mention the rest but it was too late.
Barachiel smiled within himself. Finally, he thought to himself. A spark of fight. Castiel's response was exactly what he wanted to see from the angel.
"Yeah! And what do you want me to sacrifice?"
Castiel stared back into defiant green eyes framed by an angular face. Made more angular because of the overhead lighting and the shadows being cast through the side windows. Castiel allowed a small smile of understanding to cross his lips when he realized what Dean was doing. Then he slowly reached his left hand up and placed it on the soft stubbled cheek of the man sitting next to him. The angel could feel the tenseness radiating in the skin under his open hand.  The tendon directly under his palm contracting as if a million volts were coursing through it.
Every so often he would turn his attention back to his vessel to make sure no animal had become inquisitive enough to approach and bother the empty shell. Once a bear had wondered over to try and get a closer look. Castiel had gently given the idea to the bear that it would be unsafe for it to get close enough to examine the human and the bear changed direction away from the vulnerable vessel.
Crowley finished for him "Yes, I know he would try to move Heaven and Hell just to get you out if he knew you were there, locked up." scoffing just a bit he said "and that Castiel, is definitely not something I need in my life"
Coming to a halt on top of a circular mound...the only evidence that anything had ever happened here. They began their wait for the Archangel Barachiel.  They did not have to wait long.
Castiel tilted his head in curiosity and a bit of a wistful smile “Oh, yeah? How?”
Seeing the conflicted emotions play on Castiel's face, Crowley set his mouth grimly. He had a truce going with the angel and even though they continued to trade verbal barbs with each other whenever their paths happen to cross. Which usually happened when one of the Winchester brothers called on him. He did believe that their time fighting together brought about a mutual understanding of sorts.
"What's going on with you? You seem...distracted"
And with one last final goodbye both men climbed into the Impala and left Stull Cemetery.
Castiel shifted his position slightly forward so that he could place his open palm over the center of Dean's chest to emphasize the rest of his story
“Like a ghost or something” Dean became thoughtful as his mind went down the list of probable entities that could be active under this situation. “Yeah...that would definitely make this a case for us.”
When Sam assured Dean that he didn't care in the least and even suspected a few times himself that Dean was more open minded sexually then he let on and that he had feelings for Cas. He had to ask Dean why he never acted or even explained what he felt to Cas. Dean had replied very simply.
Rolling himself onto his left side, curling himself ever so slightly around Cas in order to get into position himself closer to the tape player. Dean held his finger above the play button as he continued
Castiel swallowed and moved away from the King and was now unsure of how much he wanted to give away answered briefly.
“Dean.”  Cas briefly kissed Dean's mouth “Barachiel, he would only find me. I cannot hide from him. Not even through time”
“Sorry guys.  I tried to wait on this but we got a case down in the Gulf Coast of Texas, it is on an oil rig and I can’t wait for you two to figure your shit out any more.”
As he watched a young man walk besides a young woman of roughly the same age in what could only be described as the early throws of a crush. Castiel felt the familiar tingle in the back of his mind. Praying. Fine tuning his senses Castiel picked up the very distinct sound of Dean Winchester praying to him. Distinct in the fact nearly every species that did pray to him either directly or not. There was always a measure of respect and formality behind the words. Dean on the other hand was quite comfortable with the informal style of praying which tended to be sprinkled with terms like “Got your ears on?” or “running his ass from heaven.” or Cas' favorite bodily reference “feathery ass”
"Great." and with that, Dean gave Cas' collar a final tug and quickly moved his arms around Castiel's shoulders and gave him a hug and just as Cas was finished getting his own arms in place around Dean, Sam's voice once again ruined the moment as it rolled through the corridor's demanding they hurry up so they could get on the road.
Claire new this was probably the last time she was going to see the angel and even though she just got through telling the guy that she no longer saw her father anymore when she looked at him. She still could not but help to feel sadness as she felt her dad's arms surround her one last time. Stepping back to look up at the Angel with eyes that were now threatening to spill, Claire decided to give a bit of advice to him
“Okay Cas” Dean said as he reached over to hit the play button on the cassette player “This tape is going to start off with a song you have heard me play before, Zeppelin’s; Stairway to Heaven. Recorded in ‘71 the music was written while in England by Page…”
"Do you believe that? Dean asked
Studying the anxious angel from behind for one last time Dean turned and snagged the plastic container holding his pie and followed Castiel into the adjoining room. He figured that pushing the angel with questions and forcing him to come clean about what was bothering him wouldn't work. He knew Cas would eventually tell him. Clarifying for Cas' benefit, Dean added "Yes. Well, we heard that Rowena has decided to start a new and improve coven"
With the straightest of faces Crowley answered with "Not even a little bit"
Looking back at his brother with a straight face Dean replied "Well, this one had a little less mold on it. Can we stay on track here?"
Dean dropped his chin and swallowed the tears that threatened and then lifted his chin and nodded and then lowered his lips for one last intimate kiss on to Castiel's. They kissed deeply as tongue's played. Saying one last private goodbye in their own way. Fearing he might lose control, Dean pushed himself away from his beloved and turned with resignation proceeded to make his way up the stairs with Castiel close behind.
Suddenly Barachiel understood where the pain this man was feeling was coming from and what was laying beneath his bravado. He understood now that it was not defeat he heard coming from this warrior but one of great anguish. Anguish driven by powerful feelings the mortal man felt for Castiel. This man was in love. When Metatron tried to tell him about Dean and Castiel. He could not understand. But now? Now he understood. This man was in love with the angel Castiel. He also understood exactly where it came from and how it came to be. He was familiar with it himself. Because it was a closeness born from surviving battles fought together, at each others side and knowing that the bond that you forged in battle was beyond measure and not easily broken.
Crowley, could only watch with a bemused expression as they did this but when the Winchester's had finished the Demon said
Sam was stopped by Dean as he blurted out a solid “No. I am not Sam and I don't want you to say a word either.”
Castiel listened to Barachiel's explanation and asked "But you were there. How did she still get out?"
"Relax, Moose. I am here to offer my support...pay my respects"
Castiel receives a visit from the Archangel Barachiel. The 8th Archangel created by Chuck and who was put in charge of all Guardian Angels. Being freed from  a trap laid by Lucifer and Michael to keep him out of the way. He is now assisting their Father in punishing his wayward children.
Opening his eyes  and pulling slightly away from Cas. Who was still nuzzling his neck, Dean quickly realize that Cas had distracted him with his tongue as he transported them both to the comfort of Dean's bed and in doing so he also separated them from their clothing. So now there were no barriers keeping them from beginning the exploration of each others bodies.
"Because, when God bent over him and breathed Grace into Castiel. Why, he looked up into His creator's eyes and said..." Barachiel paused and looked up into the blue sky. He let out a small laugh at the memory and when he looked down at Dean Winchester he continued
"Over four hundred thousand angels held, Castiel. Imagine the power involved with such a spell."
The memory still fresh in his mind Sam could remember the procedure he and Castiel tried to perform in order to do a location spell but had failed. Rubbing his neck at the memory and realizing what Barachiel was getting at he looked at his brother.
Through the windshield, Sam could see that the front seat was empty but peeking just over the top of the seat back, a denim clad knee could be seen as it bounced in time to the music. Grasping the chromed out door handle of the front passenger side door. Sam jerked the door open and winced as the sound of his brothers music assailed his ears. Folding himself into the front seat Sam slammed the door shut and rolled the window down with the belief that it would help with the sound. It didn't, so he reached over and turned it the knob of the radio's volume just enough to make it bearable and possible for Dean and himself to have a little chat.
Castiel understood Barachiel perfectly, one of Barachiel's favorite thing their visits to earth back in the early days had always been mankind's creative recipes for alcohol and the public houses built to facilitate their tasting.
Now with a little guilt in his voice Barachiel continued " Ah, yes. Back to that. You see Dean, my Brothers, nor myself to be honest. We never saw what Castiel saw in you and mankind. We never recognized the potential that you had buried deep inside but Castiel did and it is because of the blindness on our part that I believe my Brother's decided to take advantage of the rumor's coming around about our Father's sabbatical and the evidence to back up those rumors as our father began to stretch out His sabbatical much longer than He ever had before. This is when Lucifer saw his chance and he began to whisper his evil plan to willing ears and it was Uriel that began to listen first."
Dean fought hard against letting his emotions get the better of him. But when Cas placed his hand on his cheek and looked at him with such love. Dean could not but help but give in and show Castiel how he truly felt. How much he wanted to show Cas the love he felt for him.
"No..We wanted to..." before he could finish Castiel in a fit of pique cut him off.
"Well, I had forgotten something until just now...something about Castiel and the other part of God's request of me...funny that I would forget this. Til now."
During his brief time here on earth Barachiel came to appreciate what Castiel saw in the mortal men. Their loyalty, fierceness and their desire to wipe out the evil that seemed to come from all corners with selfless abandon. Their love of humanity and willingness to sacrifice everything to protect it. Barachiel couldn't help but think that they would have made glorious warriors in heaven. Of that he had no doubt.
"Well boys, I imagine, I am going to be busy for awhile. I expect lots of work to be coming my way. So, I will be off." Both men still had no idea about the cages and he intended to keep his word about not ever telling them. As he began to raise his hand to snap his fingers Dean called out and with some slight effort said.
Selfishly, Castiel decided to pretend he had not noticed Sam's entrance. He didn’t want this intimate moment he was sharing with the eldest Winchester to end. So, rather than be the one to break the spell by turning and acknowledging the tall man's entry, Castiel decided to wait for Dean to make the first move and when Dean continued to sing, Cas realized Dean was clueless to his brother’s entrance. Cas could not help but give a small prayer to his Father. Asking him to make Sam leave so he and Dean could have just a little more time together. Wrong to ask he knew but Cas did not care. And so it was with a little shock that Castiel sensed another shift in the air as Sam had turned and left the room. Even going so far as to close the door behind him. Castiel smiled and as Dean finished the last line to Kashmir, Cas slowly opened his eyes and looked directly down and into the warm green eyes of the mortal man he had come to love above all others.
"Who wants to know?"
Castiel looked over at the brothers and smiled trying to break the dour mood that had settled over the room. Switching over to a more casual tone of voice he said "Sam, Dean. Don't forget Chuck likes me. How many times did he bring me back from the dead?"
Then with as much conviction as he could muster he looked Barachiel in the eye and finished "I don't care what you or God or any one of you Angel's think. I am not going to let you hurt him or lock him away or whatever plans you may have for him."
At the mention of Dean's name Castiel snapped his eyes up to meet Claire's. Wondering what she meant.
A hand pulled at his fingers, prying them away from his own cock. And when he released his grip, Castiel sucked in air as he felt the unmistakable feel of a warm tongue begin to expertly play with the slit on the tip of the nerve filled head.
"You and Castiel, Dean. You both travel similar paths of righteousness in order to protect those you love. Each of you willing to sacrifice your self for the ones you love most. Because of a mistaken belief that you deserve to be sacrificed."
"Wait! Crowley!"
Shifting position to stand on the opposite side of Dean and the meat suit in his lap.  Crowley could clearly see the grief on Dean Winchester's face and he was surprised at how that look affected him. Deciding the fault lay with the human blood he thought he had broken free of, Crowley decided he could not bring himself to torment the man before him and taking a more conciliatory tone. He explained the real reason for his visit "I am only here to pay my respects for your loss."
It was through this exploration that their body's began to find their rhythm with each other. Ans as they became in sync, Dean found himself being pushed back against his headboard as Castiel began to travel down his torso with his tongue and warm breath. He couldn't help the thrusting moves his body instinctively began to make after his cock had become rock hard. Castiel began to press the lower half of his own body against Dean's. Grinding his own member hard against Dean's. The friction being generated nearly driving them both wild. Castiel pulled back not yet ready to release the pent up desire. He wanted to savor every moment he had left with the human so he slowed things down by pulling his hips away.
"Yes, Dean. A young boy who garnered biblical fame as the one who slew Goliath...the Giant and then ruled a nation and Dean, the very first hunter."
Raising his hands in uncertainty Barachiel replied "I am not sure. God could cast him out of Heaven and make him one of the Fallen, and the question there of course is how far he will fall." Dean looked at Barachiel with a questioning gaze. Barachiel picked up on it and explained "God could take some pity on Castiel and what he did in his name and merely cast him down to live out his life as a mortal man with no memory of what he was." with a shudder Barachiel thought to himself that a life as a mortal would be one of the worst things that could happen "Castiel could serve out a mundane mortal life as a cab driver in Russia or perhaps, as a good Samaritan building schools in South American jungles or running grand charities that span the globe."
Dean continued "How much time do we have?" Sam looked at his watch and said "We have about seven hours left."
Dean arrived back at the bunker in a foul mood. His meeting with Barachiel running through his head and the promise he made had left a bitter taste in his mouth. He hated that he was forced to make a promise that would leave Cas with no hope and with every fiber of his being, Dean knew he did not want to keep it.
"You're a prophet"
Opening his eyes, Dean was startled by the sudden change in his surroundings. No longer was he in the dark parking lot of the dive bar but now he was in a wide open space lit up by a late afternoon sun. Turning in place he began to look around at the towering peaks of the mountains surrounding him and the explosion of color created by the wildflowers spreading out in front of him. Feeling disoriented he tried to take a step forward and staggered. Fearing he would fall flat on his face Dean began to reach out to catch his balance when the strong hands grabbed his shoulders to steady him.
"Crowley!. I want to say...thank you. I appreciate what you did here."
With some force behind her words Claire said “Cas, you can't let them put you on trial for something was not your fault.” and as she continued her voice hardened as she began to build a case for his defense. As she spoke Cas began to find it difficult to focus on her words as he watched the young woman sitting across from him with amazement. Gone was the timid, scared little girl of a few years ago and now sitting across from him she had been replaced by this confident young woman. With gratitude he thought of Jody and said a prayer-like thank you for her taking on the job of mentor and parent and Cas' with a slight hint of a smile on his lips as he continued to stare at the young woman across the table. Cas felt his initial concern about her future begin to ebb away.
Castiel felt Dean’s sudden change in position and for his part was a little disappointed. He was going to miss the brush of Dean’s leg alongside his own, but this new position directly in front of him was okay too.
A soft rain was falling and the two men stared across the damp parking lot where just a couple of cars huddled close together near the only source of light, a lamp post jammed into the ground at the lots center. The building itself was a low-roofed stucco structure located on the far side of the parking area, it's entry was lit by a neon sign flickering over the oaken door letting anyone who was interested know that the place was open and ready for business. Looking over at Barachiel, Castiel could see the impish smile cross the old man's face as he thought about what was waiting for him inside. Meeting his gaze, Barachiel gave a little wink as he took the first step and led the way across the wet pavement towards the light.
Seeing the basic defensive stance, Barachiel raised his hands in a placating gesture but stopped short as he noticed Castiel flick his hidden sword hand and the familiar sound of an Angel's Blade slide into place. "My brother. I promise you, I am not here to bring you harm. Though I can understand why you give pause to my arrival."
At first, Dean was shocked at the sudden arrival of the Angel but as Cas climbed into the car taking the seat beside him. Dean forced himself to avoid looking his way but Castiel. Well, Castiel was undaunted and continued to focus his gaze on Dean, not a word passing between them. Until, Dean couldn't avoid it any longer and he let his eyes dart to the corners towards Castiel. Then when he found he couldn't resist any longer. Dean turned and looked up into the blue eyes of Castiel's vessel. Hoping that the wall that he set in place would remain intact against the onslaught sitting next to him.
"I was just settling in, my favorite thirty year old scotch in hand. Going over the latest numbers in soul collections. When suddenly I had a bit of a tickle in my nether's. And I could only think of one reason why. My former roomie was close by" Castiel looked both disgusted and suspicious at the description Crowley had provided but allowed the demon to continue.
Little heads up "pun intended" though.
Dean couldn't help but close his eyes as a warm tongue began to flick in and out along the space just below his ear. A small groan escaped his lip just as the angel found a sweet spot. Reaching his hand to grip the rear seat, Dean caught nothing but air and Dean realized he was no longer in a small confined space but rather in a much more roomier location.
As Castiel's time on earth comes to an end and the possibility of being punished for his crimes becomes more of a reality. He decides to pay a visit to the place where is imprisonment seems all but certain.
"Yes. Um, creatures like nymphs, faeries, mystical forest creatures and creatures of the Underworld."
Castiel his eyes still tightly shut felt the warm start of tears in his eyes as the memories of the last few years flooded his mind. He was not welcome in Heaven. They hated him there and he knew he probably wouldn't survive for very long if he were to return but he also knew the reality, he may not have to worry about surviving. God was home...in Heaven. And his Commander...his friend Barachiel was sent by God to bring him home. As the warm tears began to form Castiel heard a rustle off to his left and opened his red rimmed eyes and glanced over and suddenly his sadness at his predicament was replaced with guarded suspicion. Setting his mouth into a grim line he gave the King of Hell a brief nod.
Glancing back to see Barachiel standing behind him Dean angrily shrugged the hands off of his shoulder and then turned on Barachiel and said with anger "Why did you bring me here?"
Dean was about to object to the relationship status he was assigned to with Crowley but was stopped when Barachiel held up placating hands.
Dean remained silent. He did not trust his voice enough to answer.
Stretching with a groan, Dean snapped his eyes open as awareness of his surroundings set in and began to panic. No way...not now. He was happy and he wanted to stay that way. Clutching Cas tighter into his embrace Dean looked up into blue-eyes weighted in sadness and in a voice still heavy from sleep said.
Taking a deep breath. Dean answered "or out into the Empty."
"Castiel, when you allowed Lucifer to occupy your vessel and escape." with disbelief he Barachiel continued "Castiel...how could you do that? The damage he caused...the child he created?"
Dean watched as Cas closed his eyes and slightly tilted his head to the side and with in a soft voice that caught Dean by surprise. He began to repeat the opening the lyrics to Kashmir. Dean felt like he was hearing the lyrics for the first time and putting them into the context of Castiel's experiences as an Angel of the Lord. Dean felt a chill run up his spine and suddenly felt he understood what Cas had meant. A nervous energy took over Dean at this new revelation and the entirely new way he was now going to appreciate the lyrics to Kashmir.
"Castiel, I am sorry. But the ends do not always justify the means to get there and unfortunately, it is not for me to decide. Father is back in heaven and putting his house back into order and you are the final piece to be addressed." Coming to a decision Barachiel abruptly stood up and took on a more somber and commanding tone. "Castiel" his voice had switched to one that Castiel was familiar with from their time in battle and looked up at the angel now towering over him "You have thirty hours and I will be back for you."
"Well?" Castiel asked. Remembering all too well his own first experience drinking an alcohol called; tequila. He was curious at the angels reaction to the liquid that was much different to the ancient wines and ales made a millennia ago.
Castiel looked up at her last words and replied with some hurt “you think I am a nerdy dork”
Walking back down the magazine aisle, beer and basket now in hand, Dean stopped at the point that he had seen the new magazine with the male model that had a passing resemblance to Castiel's former vessel and set the basket down as he reached up and grabbed the mag from behind the plastic shield. He then bent to pick up the basket and tossing the magazine in as he did so, Dean began to notice a difference in the freshness in the air nearest him. Then he noticed the dirty mud caked shoes standing just inches from the edge of the grocery basket that he was about to pick up. Looking up from his basket  and into the half crazed eyes of the man in need of a shower. Dean just stared at him nonplussed because he recognized the man's problem right away.
“Cas, I...”
“Um...guys!”
Dean had no choice but to confess the reason to his brother "Because, Barachiel said that God knew we...I, would move heaven and earth to rescue him if I thought he was in pain or being harmed. He knows that we can get into Hell or Purgatory. So God put this...this place on the table as a possible punishment."
"Come brother" Barachiel said softly "Let's release these vessels for now and see each other as we are. We have lots to discuss my friend."
Dean could only stare at Castiel, his mind racing trying to figure out how to fix this problem. Like he did for all of the problems they had faced together.
Dean stared at his empty bottle half tempted to get the bartender's attention. He was confused and though his anger had not been completely assuaged by his outburst at the angel. He did feel like maybe, this angel might be on Castiel's side. Burned out and exhausted Dean searched for what to say next and when it finally came to him. The question he needed...was afraid to ask. Swallowing hard and then speaking in a deliberate manner he let the words flow from him "What do you think God will do to him?" Dean had placed a little more emphasis on the word God.
