“Go get my burger, Sam.”
Though, really, Dean was more focused on Cas’s face. Despite the relaxed position she was in, her thick eyebrows were drawn together, lips pressed into a tight, thin line. There was a deep crease above her nose, and Dean suddenly found herself taken with the urge to smooth it away.
“Right.”
“You’re headed away from the bunker,” Jack pointed out.
They never speak. Like always, Dean walks into whatever hovel she’s currently holed up in. Heart still racing from the hunt, adrenaline coursing through him, Dean and Ruby find each other. She throws him against the wall, and he feels the weight of the demon blade in his pocket every second she touches his skin.
Then Jack was gone. Leaving Cas and Dean sitting alone in the kitchen.
He spent most days in his room, only slipping out on occasion to stock up on books and food. He was careful to avoid Dean.
“You know what I mean. Why do you think I’ve been handling these hunts alone?”
“Jack!” Cas called. His son’s name came out like a breath.
Well, there may be one thing he can do. If it doesn’t fix things, it may at least make him feel better.
Cas spent the day laying on his bed staring at the ceiling listening to Dean slam every door he came across. Every now and then, Cas caught himself praying to Jack and forced himself to stop. Jack didn’t need to feel the anguish that was curling through his soul right now.
there was at least some truth to it. Maybe just parts.”
Dean tips his glass toward Steve and they take the shots in one quick drink.
“So, just to be clear, you don’t want to fuck Cas?”
“Uh, thanks, man,” Dean says hesitantly.
“My way of doing things has been working fine, Sam. So, you just focus on fucking Cas.”
“No,” Dean growled.
Just when he thought Dean might have given up on the story, Dean rushed through the next part as quickly as he could, “Empty started to appear ‘n Billie was coming ‘s I pushed Cas away ‘n grabbed Billie.” He huffs a humorless laugh, “Was just… was just dumb stupid luck. I shoved her right into the Empty. ‘N it took her.
“I’m what?”
He shifted so he was facing Cas more directly, “I won’t restore your grace. Within the next few days or so, you’ll be human.”
When Dean was young, very young, he used to have a fear of thunder. He could always vaguely remember his mom’s hands holding him to her chest during a storm. He could also remember the way each clap of thunder made his heart leap to his throat. It was something he couldn’t swallow around, could hardly breath around. He couldn’t even cry past that lump, past his fear.
After sometime, he managed to pulled back and say seriously, “You stink.” He then dragged himself to the bathroom, with Miracle following closely behind.
“Of course, I forgive you, Cas” Dean said to her hands, to the whiskey, “I don’t know why – I don’t know why I get so angry. Why I’m like this. I don’t know why it’s… Cas, I,” The name came out shattered, the ache was devouring her again, something cool was snaking a trail down her cheek to her chin.
Enough that Cas woke up and found her there.
“I can’t,” he said softly.
Gently, she pushed the door open and quickly took in the scene.
It’s late when Sam finally goes to sleep. Which is fine by Dean, perfect time to sneak out and finally end Ruby, once and for all. He closes the motel room door with soft click, climbs into Baby, and drives her out of the lot before putting his headlights on. Might be overkill, but he’d rather Sam not find out what he’s doing until after its done.
before it tumbles out of his mouth and clunkily lands on “friend.”
“According to my sources, yeah, she’s here.”
He looked back through the windshield as he said, “If you mean Cas. Yeah. A little.”
“What’s up? You’ve been weird ever since-“
“Cas, you’re his best friend. Of course, he would want you to stay.”
“Yes.” Jack answered.
Cas started to pull back, and a childish part of Dean wanted to hang on tighter and cry
When his legs start to feel unsteady under him, he finds fallen log that serves as a great backrest. Dean practically collapses to the ground, leans against the log, and takes another swig from the bottle. It’s more than half empty now and Dean laughs faintly at the sight of it.
Dean forced his face to crack open into a smile and said, “That’s great, Sammy. Look at you, living that happily ever after like some damn fairy tale.”
Sam found Eileen as soon as he could, because of course he did. Their reunion was sweet, tearful even, as he filled her in on what she had missed.
“You came to check on Dean.”
as ever.
Turning, he sees a dark-haired man, laying his jacket across the stool beside Dean before taking a seat. He slides some cash across the bar as the bartender leaves them with their drinks.
Dean had always been prone to temper tantrums. When Mary was alive the second time, she’d quietly pointed out that he never seemed to out-grow that. His reaction to her, to her not being the woman he’d imagined, to her leaving them, had all been proof enough of that.
Dean said with a fond smile, “Kid, you oughta come around more often.”
“Oh,” Dean musters.
“Yeah, no. I’d sleep better at night knowing you’re dead.”
“The Empty can be unpredictable. Even for me.”
“Hm, yeah. And that’s why he begged me to meet him in the middle of bumblefuck, right? I mean, come on, Dean, it definitely wasn’t for a screw. That’s what your angel’s for, right?”
“Is he human?” Dean asked.
Slowly, Cas sank back onto his bed. He thought of nothing as he let his eyes fix on something vaguely in the distance. Sam cautiously took a seat next to him, watching Cas’s bank stare carefully. He mercifully didn’t try to talk, just gave Cas time to think.
“Don’t say that.”
“Fine. You let me live and I’ll stay away from Sammy. Cut him off from the supply.”
Sam sighed slightly, “Not exactly. I just. I figured he might be in a rough place. I knew you would be, too, though.”
Dean snorts, “Did not.”
He kills a demon, he fucks Ruby, he meets Sam and Cas at whatever shitty motel he left them in and pretends he doesn’t notice the distance growing between them. Just as he pretends he doesn’t notice Cas’s incorrectly buttoned shirt and Sam’s afternoon bedhead.
“He didn’t mean the things he said?” Cas finished for Sam.
So, I thought this was going to be silly and short, but it has grown to be angsty and long. So, uh, my bad. There will be some mention of some serious stuff here, particularly in terms of homophobia and figuring out your sexuality. And like everyone is kind of an asshole in this one.
That’s how it started. Alone behind the school during eighth period, killing time until he could pick up Sammy and walk them back to their current motel, one of the stoner kids found him. They sat together, hidden by the dumpster, passing a joint back and forth.
Also also, Dean and Cas are ultimately the end game here. They've just got some stuff to figure out while getting there.
Jack stepped around Dean and Sam, coming to a pause beside Cas’s bed, “I did what he asked. I removed his grace.”
“Hm.”
“Damn it, kid. Don’t do that.”
“Cas,” Jack said with a smile, as he rose and let Cas sweep him into a tight hug.
“What?”
“That’s not what I mean. I… Cas, what are we even talking about here? Are you – Look Jack told me that you asked him to restore your grace,” Cas frowned at that, but Sam forged on, “Are you talking about moving out or are you talking about going back to heaven?”
Cas drew closer and took a seat at the table. Dean couldn’t help but watch the crease between her eyebrows. She grabbed her own glass and took a long drink, mostly to give her hands something to do. Partly to numb that ache in her chest.
“You keep calling him that. My boyfriend.”
Slowly, Dean eased his arms out from between their chests and wrapped them back around Cas, pulling him closer. He tucked his face against Cas’s neck, and felt as much as heard Cas’s pulse beating just as hard as his.
“Yeah, especially not one’s he’s fucked.”
Unfortunately, Cas was learning to get used to the hurt.
Though what he felt the most, the strongest of all from the moment he decided to speak, was, of course, happiness. Finally. A feeling purer and deeper than anything he’d ever felt, better than if he had his wings back. It was something he’d often tried to imagine and now, finally letting himself feel it, he knew he never could have pictured this. The freedom in loving, in saying it.
Dean huffed, “I’m not running away.”
They drank again in silence. But it was a loud silence, a pressing silence. Dean was acutely aware of Cas’s knee, the way it was so slightly brushing against Dean’s thigh. She couldn’t stop watching Cas’s hands, was mesmerized the way the careful way she lifted the glass. When Cas pursed her lips to take a sip, Dean looked away.
Sam was in the library when Jack appeared to him. He feared he knew which way Cas was leaning, and figured it was best to get a head start on his research. He intended to keep his promise to Cas, to try and find a way to get him out of this deal with the empty if he chose to regain his angelic status. But if Jack was here, then it likely meant Cas had made a decision.
He should have kept walking. Maybe left the bunker entirely and tried to breath the fresh Kansas air. But against his better judgement, Cas let his mind wander back to the archives. Those emotions grabbed ahold of him, crushing his lungs, breaking his spine, pulling him apart the way they did the first time he experienced them.
“Might, I dunno, go for it.”
“Yeah, I’m not following. I mean, you heard me right. Seal saved, demons dead.”
The thought hits him like a punch. He braces his hands on the sink, overwhelmed by it. He
“Then tell me why you left? Why you wouldn’t answer our calls or prayers or-“
“I can’t be there, Jack. I can’t,” he sighed, free hand scratching at the drying blood left behind on his jeans, “Whatever I do, I’ll just make things worse.”
Cas abruptly shut her book.
Dean can’t remember the color of Steve’s eyes, but as he feels those rough hands on his body, he conjures the color blue.
“You going to kill me know?” Ruby says softly, unmoving.
Dean didn’t have to force a smile at that.
He felt sick, felt that panic felt finally ready to choke him, and found that he couldn’t call Sam. He couldn’t listen to his brother’s calm and understanding, empathetic voice. What Dean told him last night, what Dean had so nearly confessed – may as well have since Sam clearly knows now – Dean couldn’t face it. He couldn’t face Sam’s kind words that Dean so clearly didn’t deserve.
Dean barely holds back another eye roll at the betrayed look on his brother’s face.
“Don’t,” Dean snaps. Sam leans back and Dean knows, he
Dean leaves the bathroom after a few more moments, mind blank. He quickly spots his keys, resting near the tv, and reaches for them instinctually. There’s a vague idea of driving, the thought of finding a hunt. The promise of something clear cut, for once. Something that makes sense. He just needs something that makes some goddamn sense.
Ruby leans back on the couch, her arms tossed carelessly over the top of it. Her chin is tipped back slightly, showing off the slope of her neck and the pop of her collarbone. She eyes him lightly, slowly taking him from top to bottom. He recognizes it for the invitation it is. He can’t be here anymore.
Uncomfortable. Dean is uncomfortable with his brother and his… his angel?... friend?... Cas banging in a motel room they share. That’s all this is. And why shouldn’t he be uncomfortable with this? This is an uncomfortable situation. It’s not his fault that they seem incapable of putting a sock on the door to give a guy a little warning.
He brought Cas’s hand to his lips, and murmured, “I love you,” against his knuckles.
“Am I?”
Cas helped Sam clean, while Eileen went to finish off the last of Sam’s packing. Cas had the feeling Eileen was leaving Sam and him alone to talk.
Dean shifts uncomfortably, “She’s not a problem anymore.”
After some time, Dean slowly started to come out of it. Leaning over his seat, he found where his phone had landed in the back. His hands still shook and ached, they were still covered in blood and the deep purple of growing bruises as he forced himself to check his messages.
The few trees lining the road were a blur that soon faded into open plains. The road stretched onward, further into the horizon than Dean could see, no building, towns, or other cars to interrupt the landscape.  Dean let his foot fall, cranked his music higher, and let the landscape continue to blur.
“Come on, Dean,” she says with a voice like molasses, sweet and slow, “I thought we’d gotten closer over these last few weeks. At least enough that we can share secrets.”
“Why not?”
Cas fought the urge to go ridged at the sound of Dean’s voice.
“I didn’t have anything to say yet. To either of you,” Jack said, looking at Cas now.
He follows Steve to the bed, losing layers as they go. Somehow, Dean finds himself laying flat on his back with Steve on his lap. Dean reaches up, pulls Steve in for a kiss and runs his fingers through Steve’s hair.
“That’s not true.”
“I know.”
“Sure thing, Cas,” Dean grumbles sarcastically, but Cas has already vanished.
It was Sam’s turn to frown, but thankfully he didn’t push again.
“Ha, months. Right.”
“Yeah, well there was a lot going on, Sam.”
She laughs and her chest meets his, “You don’t have to. I
“Dean?” her voice sounded rougher than usual. Dean wondered if that was a symptom of Cas’s attempt at sleeping.
“Maybe you should try to talk to Cas about it,” though it didn’t sound like even Jack had much faith in his halfhearted suggestion.
Dean returned to the bunker first. He returned alone,  since Sam had slipped off to find Eileen, and Cas… Well, Dean returned alone.
Dean looked taken aback at that, “What?”
Who’s to say?
“That’s what I’m trying to figure out,” she says, brushing past him.
Dean doesn’t care about Ruby, not actually. But, she had a few good points. She can help them. And she does. Over the next few days, she feeds Dean intel on the demon’s plans. Where they are, what they’re doing. He’s not dumb enough to trust her. In fact, he’s sure she’s trying to distract him with small scale demons, sacrificing seals that don’t matter, so the heavy hitters can continue raising Lucifer.
Cas could hear the Impala peel out of the garage with a rumble that seemed the shake the whole bunker. It wouldn’t sound so loud once he completely lost his grace.
She knew, though, that sometimes, he needed slip out in the night to check on Dean or catch a glimpse of Cas, just to remind himself that his family is all here. Almost all here. He tires not to miss Jack.
“Damn it, Sam,” Dean said as he righted them on the road, “What the hell, man?”
Because there it was. That cold truth Dean couldn’t let himself look at. The reason why that panic was crawling through him. The reason why he prayed to Jack, why he asked Jack if they could remove Cas’s grace.
The problem was simple. Sam had asked the question Dean avoided asking for years. Because it’s a dangerous question, one that won’t lead to an answer. It’s a question that will open the door to more, it’ll open the floodgates. Everything Dean had been dealing with – by not dealing with it – would have to come to the surface before she’d be able to answer anything.
Jack smiled again, “I am sorry it took me so long to tell you. I had to make sure the Empty understood. That it wouldn’t try to come for you again. But we agreed that only angels and demons belong to them, so as long as Cas isn’t one, he’ll be safe.”
Feeling his own face redden, Dean simply turned on his heel and slammed the door shut again. Though for some reason, the sight of Cas’s tie laying abandoned on the bed was stuck in his mind for the next several days. Nearly as long as the sight of Cas’s shirtless-
“I’ve got it,” Jack said. In a blink three cups of coffee and three plates plied high with eggs, bacon, and toast were on the table in front of him.
At first, it had simply been too many emotions to name, more perhaps that Cas had ever felt in his life and certainly more than he’d known in his previous existence in heaven.
“No Dean, just let me. I’m sorry and I just need you to understand.”
Sam was resistant at first, as Cas expected. But this was easier than asking Dean, and Sam came around eventually anyway.
Dean forces himself to take a breath.
Sam jumps up from his spot in bed. His long hair is in a tangle around his face, but he sweeps it back with one hand, “Dean?”
“I don’t want to lose you,” Dean whispered into Cas’s skin.
Cas’s hand presses firmly, forcing Dean to lower the bottle. He doesn’t remove his hand though, warmth soaking into Dean’s wrist. Dean realizes that he’s very cold at the moment. He also realizes he desperately doesn’t want Cas to let go.
Jack looked away from Cas and smiled, “Well, I rebuilt every universe Chuck destroyed, at least all the habitable, non-terrible ones. He made quiet a few hostile planets like Apocalypse World, but don’t worry, I fixed those up to. I made them a lot less terrible. You should check them out some time with the telescope thingy!
He got dressed slowly, dreading whatever was waiting for him outside his room.
isn’t what he means. Or isn’t all of what he means. But it’s enough.
Usually Eileen would hold him close, and they would both return to sleep in each other’s arms.
Despite himself, Dean lets his eyes roll.
Dean didn’t know what to say to that. There’s probably nothing he could say to that. Nothing that wouldn’t make things worse in one way or another. And a small voice whispered in the back of his mind that if that were true, wouldn’t the Empty be here? Wouldn’t it have taken him by now?
But with her hand tightly grasping her glass, she said, “Of course, I forgive you.” Cas has made her way back to the pillar. She didn’t turn around, but she did stop.
“Dean,” Sam tried to start delicately, but Dean was already rolling her eyes, “Can you just try to-“
Cas had seriously intended to leave. He didn’t want to be here when Dean got back, he wanted to be somewhere far away. Somehow it seemed to him like it would be easier to see the bigger picture, to find the solution, if he could just get away.
Cas is standing too close, and Dean kisses him. Hands around the back of Cas’s neck, Dean closes the distance, pulls them together, and kisses him.
“Is that the only reason you’re running away?” Jack finally asked.
Dean risked another glance at Sam and fought a cringe at the sight of Sam’s frown.
, Dean thinks deliriously.
“Sure is.”
Sam frowned, “Of course you can, Cas. I’m telling you; this is your home. Dean would- “
Making his way as silently as his could, avoiding the kitchen, where he could faintly hear someone cooking, he made his way to the room that was sometimes his. He laid down on the bed and slept.
Something warm is wrapped solidly around his wrist. Dean squints at it for a moment before he recognizes that it’s a hand. His eyes shift upward as he realizes that hand is connected to arm, which is connected to a shoulder, which leads Dean to a blue necktie hanging askew.
“Yeah, well, whatever,” Dean says gruffly, “Just better not get the other angels on our ass.”
“Dean..” Cas whispered. One of Cas’s hands was on Dean’s face, her thumb running across Dean’s cheekbone.
“Cas!” He called the moment he was inside.
“I would rather not be here when Dean gets back.”
“How’d it go?” Sam asks, attention already back on the screen.
“I don’t know. Jack just – “
“What happened?”
When the message ends, he clicks through their text chain one final time. Sam gave Ruby the address of their next case, apparently before he decided to start hooking up with Cas and yet after they had
Sex with Ruby is nearly the same as fighting her. It’s violent. They throw each other with more force than necessary. Biting, scratching, pulling at each other hard enough to bruise, to draw blood. Already bloody and wounded from his recent fight with another demon at another seal, Ruby tears open the fresh scabs lining his limbs.
“Dean, don’t be like this.”
He ignores that angry flare of possession. Ignores the childish voice that whines
“Ok, fine whatever. Because secondly, that doesn’t really matter. To me.”
“Dean, it’s… Just talk to him in the morning. Tell him you didn’t mean it. It’s Cas. He’d understand, he- “
Dean waited a beat befor saying, “Ok. Great. And?”
With a wave of hand, Jack healed all of Dean’s physical wounds. He found himself wanting to ask Jack to put them back.
is possibly the worst thing he could do. To Sam.  To Cas. To his own sanity.
That old familiar hurt worked its way through his chest as Cas thought about those last few words he’d said to Dean. He realized he doesn’t know whether he believes it at all. He wants to, he needs to – the way a human body needs sunlight or touch – he needs to believe that Dean didn’t mean everything he said.
“Well, maybe Cas isn’t technically a guy-“
The idea of even living beyond forty seemed like a pipedream, but to ask to be happy, too? That would have been too much. And it had never mattered. He’d always been content with his life, and wasn’t that the same? Wasn’t that enough?
“Vanished is a strong word, Dean. Especially considering you knew she left. You could have stopped her, and you didn’t.” And there it is, that anger, bubbling up again.
“And I don’t know, Dean. I don’t know what he wants to do. I figured he’d at least take a day or – ”
“Hello, Dean,” a gravelly voice says behind him.
me, man. Come on. Talk to me.”
“You talked to him, didn’t you? Jack,” Cas said as he looked slowly toward Sam, “Of course you did. That’s why you came.”
Perhaps he felt a touch of wonder, too. That he was able to feel so much all at once. That one simple action, a few words, could be enough to draw so much out of him. He saw, then and now, why people compare emotions to storms. Because they are just as wild, as powerful, as unpredictable. They are just as natural and vital. They just are.
Sam was quiet for a moment. Dean risked a glance over at his brother and regretted it instantly.
help, Dean.”
It could have been moments or days since his conversation with Jack and Dean. Since Dean left. And he might have sat there for days more if his phone hadn’t rung, forcing him to pull away from his grace and circling thoughts, just a bit, just enough.
Closer and closer and finally, while she was still shaded in the shadows of the hallway, Dean could see Cas’s face. Her eyes were closed, her hair was loose around her shoulders, with a deep crimp in it where the ponytail had been. Dean wondered if this was the first time Cas had ever taken her hair down.
It was only late into the night, when Dean had finally quieted down, having presumably disappeared into one of the many rooms in the bunker, that Cas left his room. He slipped into the kitchen, grabbed a box of cereal, and ate it dry as he sat on the floor of his room.
“I’ve missed you,” Sam let herself say.
“I’m not,” Dean sighs slightly, “What do you want, Cas?”
“Yeah, but most of us get to be happy before then.”
“No. Dean,” Sam said, despite his exhaustion, concern caught in his throat. He tried to sound more awake, “It’s fine. Not like talking on the phone will wake Eileen.”
“Ok, that’s fine. Just wait, ok? I can practically see the bunker, Cas.”
and the vacuum of air.
And Sam is still Sam. In fact, that frost between them after the Ruby thing is finally truly melting. Sam’s smiling more again, making jokes in the car, and laughing with Dean without shutting himself down. They still haven’t attempted a demon hunt, it’s still too much of a risk, but killing monsters and hunting ghosts together finally feels like the old days.
“That’s different,” Dean said again, softer this time. Sam glanced at her sister to see the way the lines in her face have eased.
“She doesn’t want to be here; I’m not going to force her.”
A small part of himself that remained separate from humanity wondered clinically if this might be a panic attack. The rest of himself simply started drowning in it. For one fleeting second, he had the urge to stretch his wings, and upon remembering they’re long gone and never to return, he thought he’d scream.
“She wants to be here; you’re just treating her like shit. She would stay, things could be ok if you would just apologize.”
“I know.”
“I- Fu- Jesus, Sam, no! Ok? No, I don’t.”
“Dean,” Sam started again, “I need to believe you guys are going to be ok if I leave.”
“That’s not true. Cas, please just stay and let me try to talk to Dean. I know I can get her to see-“
Dean doesn’t have to feint annoyance anymore as responds, “Dude, I told you. I’m not into guys-“
“Dean, come on,” Sam says, rising from his seat at the table, “I’ve been clean for months, now. I can handle a few demon hunts.”
“You and Cas both are just…wrong. Dean, what happened?”
“It should fade on its own in time,” Jack said uncertainly, “I could remove it but…”
All at once, Dean pulled back, releasing Cas and taking a stumbling step backwards. Cas wanted to sit, to let himself slid down the wall Dean had thrown him up against and fall to the ground. He wanted to stay there until the echoes of Dean’s words stopped dealing such painful blows, until the bruises faded, until he could shed this hollow feeling.
“I know,” Jack said simply.
This fear, though, there’s nothing irrational about it. Cas could leave. He might leave, and never know or be able to know the truth.
“It wasn’t in your bed. And it wasn’t some dude; it was Cas.”
He wanted to shake his head, to ask Cas not to say whatever horrible thing was sure to come. But instead, Dean felt Cas’s hand fall onto his knee.
“You prayed.”
Sam took a moment to watch Cas. The sleeves of her trench coat were still rolled up. The dark bags under her eyes were only exaggerated by the red and glassy look in her eyes. Strands of her dark hair slipped out of her ponytail and fell around her face. Sam realized slightly she’d never seen Cas’s hair look like that. Maybe something about her grace failing, something about becoming more human made her look more human as well.
It was the kind of fear he felt as he sat alone in that kitchen with Cas and his fading grace. The fear welled up inside him as Cas watched the spot where Jack had vanished. He let himself watch Cas for just a moment, while the fear threatened to pull him under.
Aside from Dean’s anger, calmed slightly from her earlier rampage but still present nonetheless, Cas had her own quiet frustration brewing. Though, despite Cas’s glares and pointed attempts at ignoring Sam and Dean, they were all acutely aware that anyone could have left. And no one did.
“Cas we’ve all made mistakes. Dean knows that better than anyone.”
It was another long few moments before Dean haltingly started the story, stopping intermittently to take deeper and deeper drinks. The story starts the way Sam remembered, with Dean and Cas going to Billie’s library. With Billie, sick and dying, threatening to kill them. With Dean and Cas, running for their lives back to the bunker. Billie crushing Dean’s heart. Cas saving him, but trapping them in the archives.
“I’m not going to talk to her.”
Glancing at him from the corner of his eye, Dean can see Sam pensively stare out the window. God, he can practically hear the wheels turning in that oversized head of his.
Cas would spend eternity thinking he was nothing to Dean. And Dean – Dean didn’t know what he would do.
“Just trying to figure out what your problem is,” she says is factually. Pulling her hair free of her bra straps, she steps closer to Dean.
“What?”
Then he’s gone. Dean is alone in the bathroom. His hands drop from where they were twisted in Cas’s hair, and they shake. His whole body shakes.
“No thank you,” Cas said, standing suddenly and forcing Sam to stumble backward, “I need to leave.”
It was a look Dean realized he’d never seen on Cas’s face before. Well, not never.
Feeling like he’s about to crawl out of his skin, Dean looks away from her and marches toward the door.
The Empty and Billie gone, having vanished as Cas crashed to a low he’d never felt. Dean’s eyes were close and overly bright. He’d stopped yelling now, but it seemed as if his words continued to bounce off the broken walls around them, cutting through the crushing silence.
When Dean entered the crumbling house, he thought he’d kill her. His was itching for the fight, burning to feel his fists crash through something. His blood was humming with adrenaline, excited that he’d finally get to release this – all the pent up
They seemed to have a mind of their own. So, Dean leaned forward, folded her arms across the table, and buried her face in her elbow. Letting the soft flannel soak up the rest of her tears, Dean continued to not think.
“Who’s a guy.”
Dean could feel Cas’s gaze on her but suddenly couldn’t seem to look up from the warm amber of the whiskey. She nodded slightly, hoping Cas would take that as encouragement to go on.
It took him some time to work up the courage to sit beside Cas. He started by standing, but as the events of the last several weeks started to weigh on him, Dean sunk down to sit on the edge of Cas’s bed.
He’s still Cas. And being around him is just as strange and charged and
that Ruby was poison, and his blood addition was not ok, and that she had to go.
Dean shakes his head, “Sam’s clean.”
He can’t look into his eyes. So, Dean’s gaze skims over Cas’s face. In his mind, Dean pictures wild black hair lit up through a dim window. He thinks of rough hands and a deep voice. He’s drowning in blue eyes.
But once he noticed his shaking hands, he quickly became away of his shaking body. From head to toe he felt like his muscles were out of his control. He’d meant to sit on his bed, but somehow found himself on the floor instead. His back was pressed against the bed frame, head resting on his knees, and he shook.
Jack sat back in his seat; eyebrows drawn together in a way that made he look young and vulnerable. Cas had the sudden urge to hold his son, to tell him to forget about all this, to protect him from the pain of his new power and position.
Carefully, he reached forward and took Cas’s hand where it was folded across his chest. Dean slid closer to Cas on the small bed and held Cas’s hand in both of his. From underneath, he wound their finger together, and found that he couldn’t take his eyes away from that sight.
“She won’t go near him. Besides, she knows something. She’s connected to the major players in this whole ‘end-of-the-world’ scheme.”
Though that wasn’t entirely true. Inside, Cas was thinking of the job interview he was waiting the hear back from, about finding his own place, about leaving the bunker behind and trying, really, finally trying to move on.
Dean leaned into it. He kissed Cas back gently, like they had time. He kissed Cas knowing this was the first of many, a lifetime. He kissed Cas like he deserved it. They both did.
Somewhere between then and the current moment, Dead made his way back to that room, the archive. He tumbled through the hole Billie had left where the door once was, and made his way to the back wall.
Dean is thoroughly screwed. He sits behind the wheel of Baby where he pulled over in a gas station parking lot. He’s alone, no other cars on the road let alone in the lot. That’s probably a good thing because Dean can’t catch his breath. He cranks his radio as loud as it can go and tries to breathe.
Mercifully, Cas isn’t hanging around when Dean returns to the motel room. Sam sits hunched over his laptop at the small table in the kitchenette and glances up briefly at Dean.
Sam clenches her jaw for a moment, searching for the right words, knowing the impact they may have.
There was an ache in her chest. It must have been there all along, but now it felt like it was devouring her whole. She took in a shudder of a breath, planted her feet back down on the floor, and tried to will the tears to stop, to go away.
He ran down the stairs, taking them two at a time, and paused in the war room, listening for a moment.
“Sam, ‘M in the archives.”
“I’m not wanted here, Sam. And Dean is just going to hide from me until I’m gone anyway.” She tried to sidestep Sam, but Sam’s long legs came in handy and she quickly boxed Cas in.
“Make it a double,” Dean asks as the bartender gets him another shot.
“Why?” Sam asked gently. She could almost see the thoughts fighting through her sister’s head.
“You don’t care if I try to get with Cas?”
“Hm,” Is all Sam gives in response. But at least he falls silent. For now.
There’s that clench in his chest again. He takes a deep breath, trying to banish it, and furrows his brow to hopefully disguise his discomfort as annoyance.
“Ok. I just. I can tell this thing with Cas and me is hard for you. And Dean… If you need it to stop, just say the word.”
Steve becomes enthusiastic once he starts talking about his nephew. He smiles through tales of babysitting the little terror and laughs through the story of their first and only solo zoo excursion. In the back of his mind, Dean is surprised to find himself laughing along. Nearly as surprised as he is when he starts cracking jokes, just to hear Steve’s laugh again.
“What?” he practically growls. His skin is crawling now. He can’t stand being here for much longer, especially not when she typically uses this time to talk about –
If he was honest with himself, there was fear too. A part of him that couldn’t help but wonder how this could change the way Dean saw him. Fondness fought that fear. Fondness for Dean, an affection that he felt confident Dean shared, on some level at least. And hope that despite the secrets Cas found himself finally admitting, Dean might be able to look back on his memories of Cas with that same fondness.
“Yeah but, it’s like Cas said – “
“But this. When it comes to me and my mistakes. Sam, I still think she’s angry with me for purgatory, and for the leviathans before that. I don’t deny that I’ve done terrible things. I know now I should have told you both about my fears with Jack. But I also know that I did what I thought was right. I’ve always done what I think is right. But she only sees my mistakes as failures.”
Despite his day long rampage, Dean had tried, really tried to avoid a drink. Somehow, he’d managed to switch from beer and whiskey to water for last several weeks, since they saved the world. And he held that with a small piece of pride, something his dad had never managed to do.
But thoughts of Sam leaving, thoughts of Cas and of Cas leaving, began to mingle with thoughts of his dad, and sometime after he finished tossing pots and pans back into their cabinets with more force than was required, his picked up a bottle.
Cas didn’t know what to say to that, just felt himself drawn to look at Dean. He found Dean’s eyes had fallen to the table, moving rapidly as if he was searching for something. An old ache clawed at his chest as he took in that look. He’d seen it often, Dean searching for an answer, for a way to save someone.
“Dude,” Sam felt fatigue seeping into his voice anyway, “it’s barely been 24 hours.” He had a feeling Dean might react like this to the move but had expected him to hold out at least a week. Enough time that Sam could have shown him nothing was really going to change between them.
He stepped carefully past Cas and took a seat at the table.
Thanks for reading :)
Then there’s the after. For a moment, he’s able to forget about seals and demons, Sam and Cas, the end of the world. For a moment, it’s just him and the pain and pleasure, physically burning his body. It’s finally enough.
Cas sat in the kitchen, desperately clinging to his grace, faced with a terrible choice. A test of faith as twisted as the kind his father was often known for. To give up everything that he is for the possibility of happiness, or to return home and never have the chance.
He listens to Sam shuffling around the room for a moment, hoping fruitlessly that Sam will just drop it and go get the food. But when as Sam ever been known to drop anything?
“Yeah. Just seems like there’s something there.”
“Everything’s ok, Cas,” Jack said simply. He pulled out of Cas’s arms and sat back at the table looking at Cas, “I just got enough things in order that I felt like I could finally come and catch up with you guys.”
“If I talk to her, can you promise me you’ll stay here until I get back?”
“If you change your mind, you can tell me. Whatever it happened between you and Cas. Whatever Billie did. You can tell me, Dean.”
Jack was silent. Dean spared a quick glance and saw the pensive expression on Jack’s face, something similar to the look he’d had when Dean had taught him to shoot. He felt a little more hollow at that.
“Cas. What’re you doing here? Your boyfriend’s back at the motel.”
“I noticed you leave in the middle of the night. That’s irregular for you.”
Then Dean spoke.
Before Sam could get in another word, Dean hung up.
Sam ignored her, “And every time you lie and hide things, every time it falls apart and we fight, I forgive you. Because I love you.”
“Did he tell you everything, though? About the Empty, and my- “
Over the last few weeks, both Dean and Cas had given the room a wide berth, leaving Sam to put things back in order as best he could.
Leaning back slightly, Cas kept a hand on Dean’s shoulder, the other resting on his hip.
“Have I?”
“What?” Sam asked, “When?”
Cas meets his eyes and says, “I’m concerned about you as well.”
Instead of looking at his face, Dean brought is attention back to their hands as he said, “Of course, I need you Cas. Of course, I do. I wouldn’t… I don’t…”
Cas reached for his duffel and noticed his hand was shaking.
Eventually, Sam let herself peak at Cas above the top of her book. She noticed the way Cas’ eyes clung to the page, unmoving, and resisted the urge to restart the conversation from the kitchen.
For a short while, Sam simply watched. She felt words blooming in her chest but also knew that Cas might not want to hear them.
Eventually Dean’s aching hands started to ease. Cas’s arms tightened around Dean’s back, fingertips pressing against Dean’s shoulder blade, while the other hand made a tight fist against Dean’s lower back.
When Cas returned to the bunker late at night, he slipped through the door as quietly as he could, which wasn’t that quietly at all. The door groaned open and slammed shut. He thought of when Jack used to greet him when he returned. He thought of Sam and Dean.
He could feel Sam gathering his thoughts and suddenly had the urge to simply leave. To refuse to talk about this at all. Instead, he tried to listen.
It’s only after a few moments of driving that Dean realizes he’s headed towards Ruby. He pulls over instead. In his rush to leave the motel, didn’t stop to put a new tape in the tape deck, so now he sits in silence. His mind races.
“Great. Saved a seal. Killed a few demons. I’m just gonna hit the shower.”
“I’m just saying, Cas’s clearly obsessed with you. And you seem pretty obsessed with him-“
When Dean returned to the bunker, she slammed every door she could find between the garage and her bedroom. Sam tried not to flinch each time.
With each burst of thunder, he’d simply go still, letting Mary hold him tight and press warmth and comfort back into him with her hands.
He knows he hears the slam of their motel room door that sets the lamp rattling on the table.
“The deal, Sam,” his brother’s voice was deeper, suddenly calmer in a way that almost frightened Sam, “I can’t. If he knows, if he... Sam, if I apologize, tell him I didn’t mean it, tell him I…”
Even the drive, even Baby wasn’t enough to help him stow this. Pulling off the road, Dean staggered out of Baby, leaving her running.
Sam sighs, “I don’t know, Dean. It just… I don’t know what’s up with you, but it seems like maybe you don’t know either. So, if… if my being with Cas is hurting you, or hurting your trust in me, then tell me. You’re my brother. I’d never – “
He glanced up at Jack and saw his son’s deep frown.
Holding it firmly by the handle, she says, “Looking for this?”
Dean gave himself a few moments, feeling nauseous. Not from a hangover but from the clear memory of his phone call with Sam.
Cas simply blinked, at first. “Why?” he asked.
“What? No. I just…”
Dean stands in the lukewarm spray of water in their cheap motel room and tries to breath. He feels the potential for another fight with Sam brewing like a storm. He tries to breathe.
But it feels good. It feels good killing demons again. It feels good to believe, even only on a surface level, that they are gaining ground again. It feels good sleeping with Ruby. It feels good getting time away from Sam, from Cas.
“Did… did you just Han Solo me?”
It used to be enough.
“Yeah.”
“When she looks at me, she only sees the ways I’ve failed. The ways we’ve lost. I don’t- Sam, I can’t be that anymore. She doesn’t want me here.”
“She’s not a problem.”
Dean thought Jack knew what he was doing when he sent the dog. Figured he must have, being god and all now. From that first bath that forced him to get off his ass and care for his stinking dog to each morning, when he woke up feeling too heavy to lift his head. Every day, when Dean couldn't get up, so weighed down by his memories and the feelings he’d worked so hard to bury, Miracle wedged himself against Dean’s body, licking his hands and face until Dean lumbered out of bed to feed and walk him.
Sam put his sponge down and turned to fully face Cas, “Still? But I thought…” Sam didn’t finish. He didn’t have to.
“Are you – Did Cas – “
That vile thing makes itself known again. Like it needs to remind Dean that he can never really escape this feeling. It’s a part of him.
Something breaks in Dean. He isn’t sure what or why but it doesn’t really matter. He doesn’t say anything, just lets the blade clatter to the floor and kisses her hard.
“We don’t do that,” Sam said seriously
“She wants to.”
“Right,” Sam seems to think on something for a moment. The lingering feeling of Steve, hell even Ruby and the hunt before that, washes over Dean.
“Sure, I did. Chuck snapped her away like everyone else.”
“Well, if there’s nothing there,” Sam says suddenly, cautiously, “I might… ya know.”
Sam stayed awake long into the night. He held Eileen tight, breathed in her warmth, and prayed to Jack.
bed.”
– him to ditch Ruby. Their sibling relationship has been fractured ever since. There’s been something of a frost between them, a cold front that manages to linger even when it seems like things might be starting to thaw.
Despite the fact that Dean seemed thoroughly absorbed in his food, he seemed to pause for a just a second as Cas sat next to him. Cas sat slightly away from Dean, sitting on the further side of his chair, and pulled a cup of coffee closer.
“Yeah. My nephew just discovered
Sam idly rubbed his thumb against his palm as he said, “He- uh. He just showed up, this morning. So, we talked a little. Before he came to see you guys.”
“Is she dead?”
So, that must have been how Cas found himself here. Because there’s no way he would have come here intentionally. Of all the places to have wandered in the bunker, he found his feet numbly coming to a stop outside the archives.
“Your brother is concerned around you,” Cas falls silent for a moment and Dean takes a chance to glance at him.
Every time Benny brought it up, Dean shut it down with the simple fact that he wouldn’t leave Purgatory without Cas.
He can’t just sit here at all night. But if he starts driving, he knows the road will lead him nowhere good. Where could he even go? To Ruby’s? After his talk with Sam, the idea of going behind his back again makes Dean feel sick.
Dean had fallen silent and, after hours of hiking through the grey woods in the quiet, Benny struck up a new conversation and never asked it again. Dean had spent those miles mulling over that simple question. And once he’d started looking at it, at what he was doing and what it had been doing for years, the realization struck.
Cas watched the blood pool in his hand. Inside, he felt the storm rage on and realized it would never stop. He slid to the floor.
Jack promised to do things differently, hands off, and left the three of them standing in the street. Cas was the first to walk away.
“It’s not Dean,” Cas said carefully. He noticed Sam look at him but kept his sight on the plate. Cas put it back on the shelf and took the next wet plate from Sam. He carefully shifted the issue and said, “My grace is failing.”
“You slept pretty well last night,” she smiles.
“What are you doing?” Cas’s voice comes out in a rough rumble.
Instead of voicing any of those painful things, Dean looked down to where Cas’s hand still rested on his leg and felt Cas’s tenderness overflowing inside of himself.
He didn’t know where he was driving and didn’t know where he might have ended up has his ringing phone not forced him out of his thoughts. His breath hitched in his throat for a moment as he thought it might be Cas.
Sam’s phone rang suddenly, jolting him out of his sleep. He pulled it close to his face as he felt Eileen wake slightly from her spot tucked against his side.
This should be nice, right? He should be able to relax and unwind. He should want to go hustle the pool-playing college kids. Maybe pick up a hot biker chick.
“Yeah,” Sam said gently. Cas slowly began to catch his breath, yet neither of them made a move.
“Cas, you know that’s not true,” Sam’s voice was softer as she said, “Dean, she just. She feels responsible for everything. And sometimes she takes that out on people she cares about.”
He looks back to the road and says, “I’m fine. It’s all fine.”
He tried to.
Sam could sense the weight behind the words. He pictured the shattered door, the books and papers scattered around the room. The drops of blood dotting the floor.
It was only after several hours of walking, long after the sun had set, when a faint ache had worked its way into his knees and hips, that Cas thought to reach into his grace. It had been failing before but maybe…
“I talked to Cas. He told me. Look, I’m sorry I lied.”
“He’s an angel, who is a guy.”
“I hear that,” Steve says.
“I’m gonna hit the shower,” Dean says. He finishes off his coffee and shuts the bathroom door before Sam has a chance to speak.
John isn’t here. And Steve rested a hand on Dean’s knee as he lent forward to laugh at Dean’s story. And Dean felt himself go warm at the touch. Steve’s hand is still there, lingering like he forgot about it. Though, when Dean glances down at it, he feels Steve’s hand inch slightly higher.
“’Course. ‘The years start coming and they don’t stop coming’, right?”
“I know that you know about Ruby. I know that she’s been your source for all these seals.”
“One last one before retirement?” Dean asked, only half joking.
His hands clench, and he has the burning urge to throw something, hit something. He needs to feel his skin crack and bleed. He wants to hunt, to fight and kill something. He wants – needs –
Sam shifted, he rubbed his chin as he asked, “Did it… did the Empty…”
So, Dean had stormed out. Cas and Sam knew she would take a drive. Knew she would try to calm down. Knew she would come back, still angry, but maybe it’ll be buried slightly better.
He felt Cas’s arms loosen as he said, “I don’t think you will. At least not yet.”
He wouldn’t let himself think about Cas’s choice or Cas’s confession or the words Dean had said after. Though still, as seemed to be his way anymore, Dean’s mind didn’t wander far from thoughts of Cas. Instead, as the tears blurred the red and purple of his bruised and bloody hands, Dean though about how he doesn’t remember the moment he started to love Cas.
“Of course, it bothers me.”
“Jack? Are you kidding me? What happened? Wait, did you talk to Cas?”
Maybe that was why Dean paused. She had been heading to the kitchen, hoping to stock up on beers while Sam was asleep. She’d planned to pass by Cas’s room on the way, solely to make sure Cas was there. To ensure there was no chance of awkwardly running into her when she’d rather simply grab her beers and get back
“You’ve been saving the seals. I’m meant to watch over you.”
Dean doesn’t even know where this is coming from (though honestly, he probably doesn’t want to know). He knows Sam’s been off lately, really since Dean forced –
She didn’t speak again, and Dean had no words left in her. So, she simply returned to her whiskey. She finished her glass quickly and as she went to refill it, found Cas placing her own empty glass in front of her.
Knowing it could be gone soon, suddenly he couldn’t seem to let it go. It seemed to feel fainter by the second. He felt fainter by the second.
Sam knew Dean likely wanted to rush back to the bunker in silence. Hell, he was probably mentally praying to/cursing at Jack for trapping him with Sam. Sam was sure Dean was expecting him to prepare some kind of speech. But Sam didn’t have that in him. He just had something simple he needed his brother to know, something Jack probably wanted Dean to know, too. And at least now he’d be forced to hear it.
“Sam?” Cas heard himself say. Somehow his voice sounded wooden and far away.
“There’s nothing for me here, Sam,” Cas said this softly, but the words still hit. Somewhere, Sam felt a flash of anger at her sister, for making some one so important, someone they both cared about so much, feel like she’s unwanted.
Sam started, “Cas, I can’t even begin to image what this is like for you, so I won’t. And I don’t know everything going on between you and Dean. What I do know is that if you remain an angel the Empty will take you.”
“I can’t hear your prayers,” Cas’s piercing blue eyes caught Sam. She looked fierce, but underneath that, scared, “My grace is failing and Dean… She doesn’t want me here.”
“Perhaps. But if I’m going to be human, I think it’s time I lived like a human.”
this is something Sam’s been doing since they made that agreement. Telling Ruby where they’ll be so she can hide out nearby and Sam can… can what? Get his blood fix? Fuck her? Both?
“Hello,” Jack said gently, sitting beside Dean as if he’d been there the whole time. His brows were pulled together in a complex look of concern that felt wrong. Jack shouldn’t be looking at him like that. It’s just something else Dean doesn’t deserve.
Sam pulled him back, kept his hands on Dean’s shoulders and said, “Wanna do a hunt with me before the move?”
Which is why Dean has to bite back a growl of annoyance when he feels the telltale shift in the air and hears the faint flourish of wings that indicates the arrival of an angel.
“You don’t know anything, Sam,” Cas said quietly. It should have hurt, it should have sounded like a stab, like an attack. Instead, it just sounded sad and true.
Two missed calls. From
“The whole seals/apocalypse thing.”
But when he let himself meet Cas’s intense gaze, he knew it wasn’t magic or grace. It was just Cas.
Dean grabs a fistful of Cas’s coat and drags him in.
Jack’s head titled in a way that reminded Dean of Cas as he said, “No. I told you, that’s not going to happen anymore. No, actually, I decided it was time we talked.”
“You want me to go back,” Dean stated.
Sam waited a moment, heard Dean taking another sip and said, “Dean, what does this have to do with… with the archives?”
“Dean. You are wasting time. After everything, I won’t let – “
“You really believe this is worth it? We are losing seals faster than we can save them, Sam is finally starting to recover, and if Ruby-“
“But I’ve been close. I know I’ve been close, and that… It was enough. It was. Living here, with Jack and Sam… with you. It was enough.”
His hands are stiff at his sides, blade clasped in his fist, knuckles going white, “I don’t trust you.”
He simply took in Cas’s face for a moment. For how often he found himself studying it, he couldn’t ever seem to get enough. The lines and planes and angles that came together to make up Cas’s handsome features were only a small part of what made Cas so important to him.
Maybe?
“I don’t believe you meant everything you said.” Cas didn’t have to specify; they both knew he meant the archives.
He gives himself a moment, breathing in the musty air of this house, to break. He feels a knife in his gut as he thinks about Sam and Cas, together. He feels it twist as he thinks of Sam and Ruby. Twist again as he thinks of what he did. It carves him out and leaves nothing behind. There is nothing left of him after this. And there is nothing he can do to fix things.
But still. He needs Cas. He needs Cas so much that he can’t breathe through it. So, he drinks through it. He raises the bottle toward his lips, a laugh bubbling through his chest at the way the world tilts and pitches from side to side, when the bottle stops.
Well, it’s definitely not that. Definitely. Definitely.
He simply pressed harder on the gas and said, “Deserve’s got nothing to do with it. It’s not possible.”
Uncomfortable. Definitely not homophobic. Definitely,
, face flushed, chest bare, fly undone, hair wild. And it’s his hands, it could be his hands –
“She’s… helping me. She’s how I’ve known about all these demons and the seals.”
“Does it matter to you? That I’m not completely straight, I mean.” Sam asks softly.
The previous shots and beers are making themselves known through the burn in his gut. Dean doesn’t know when his shoulders started to loosen, but he dimly notices that he’s turned in his chair to fully face Steve, now. Steve’s done the same, and when he glances down, their knees are nearly touching.
“Oh yeah?”
“Then why can’t she forgive me.”
Cas hadn’t heard back by the time Sam was ready to move. On Sam’s last night living in the bunker, he and Eileen cooked a big dinner and even dragged Dean and Cas in for a meal all together. When Sam pointed out that this was their first meal together in ages, Dean and Cas stared pointedly at their plates.
“I’m just trying to figure out if it’s because you feel guilty for sleeping with your brother’s ex – “
“I do,” Jack said simply.
But left alone together, Cas had simply started cleaning. She began washing the dishes in the sink until Sam joined her, drying each one and placing them home in the cabinets. It didn’t take as long as usual. Without Mom and Jack, there were less dishes to clean now. Still, Cas found herself standing at the sink, scrubbing at the bits of dried pasta and red stains of sauce until those were gone too.
“He said… Did you know he made a deal? To save Jack?”
“Food run. Want anything?”
Cas blinked. Carefully avoiding Dean’s suddenly pointed gaze, he asked, “What would happen if you restored it?”
Cas was still unconscious, but that worked for Dean. He took a slow breath and started, haltingly, “I don’t… This is hard. For me. I’m not good at words and feeling and crap. But… I don’t want to risk losing you, Cas. I… When you said… Man, there are a lot of things I assumed I could never have in this life. To be happy? I thought that was never in the cards, not for me.
“Cas, I love you,” he said softly. In answer, Cas pulled Dean in by the hand on his hip, his other hand moving from Dean’s shoulder to the back of his neck, and kissed him.
“It’s ok. Maybe we should just sit for a –“
She raised her head slowly and saw Cas, standing near the steps with one hand resting on the pillar. She looked unsure if she wanted to fully enter the library.
He isn’t even sure he can find his boots right now.
“I don’t know what I’m doing.”
Dean lets lose a bitter laugh. He regrets it instantly.
And even though she certainly wasn’t thinking, she faintly became aware of something cool on her cheeks. She opened her eyes and found the light fractured, wavering. Her fingertip wiped at that cool something on her cheek and came away damp.
When Dean wakes, Ruby sits at the end of the couch, head tipped back, eyes closed.
Cas’s eyes lingered on the table. When Sam followed her gaze, she saw where she and Dean had craved their initials into the table.
Back to that bar? Where he flirted with a man, went home with a man, in front of everyone?
There was just a single text from Sam reading, “Call me when you can.”
Dean doesn’t look, though he notices Cas shift out of the corner of his eye. Cas leans closer and something primal in Dean urges him to fight or flee. Dean’s hands lock onto the steering wheel as Cas says, “You are a soldier in the war. Nothing more. Remember that.”
Dean settles himself on a bar stool near the door, far from any other strangers drinking alone. He orders a shot of whiskey and a beer, not relaxing into his seat until his finish both and starts sipping on his second round.
Her eyes are on his lips. Her hands are snaking around his back, pulling him in.
Sam huffed slightly, “If you really think that you haven’t been paying attention.”
Quietly enough that Sam almost can’t hear her, Dean answered, “I don’t know.”
Dean quickly noticed when Sam and Eileen start to shift toward sleeping at her place more. First, they had spent every day at the bunker, but that soon became most days, then some days. Now it’s just down to once or twice a week.
Cas falls silent again, and something about it feels dangerous. There’s something electric in the air, like an oncoming lightning storm trapped inside the Impala.
Sam smiled too, “You love fairy tales.”
Cas’s back was against the pillar. Dean didn’t realized she’d gotten so close.
He’s to say, and he’s definitely not homophobic, though being raised by John certainly did him no favors in that regard.
Ruby finally lifts her head and, after a quick look at Dean, shifts reaching a hand down between the cushion and arm of the couch. She pulls out the demon blade.
Dean glanced up and saw Cas standing beside her. She uncertainly pulled out the chair beside Dean and sat down. Dean carefully refilled their glasses and slid one into Cas’s waiting hand.
“I’ll stay for now. To say goodbye, at least.”
Rather than answer, Jack transported them from the hallway to the doorway of the infirmary in the blink of an eye. Jack’s gaze was locked beyond Dean’s shoulder. Turning, Dean took in Cas’s form, laid out on one of the beds.
Cas looked at Sam again, saw that he appeared to be at a loss, and said “I don’t want to believe he meant it. But,” Cas looked away again, “I
Sam watched Dean closely for a moment, which Dean might have commented on if he weren’t so occupied watching Cas.
Fuck.
“He’s not here,” Cas realized he was walking as he said that. He opened his bedroom door and found the small duffle full of clothes Sam had given him.
God damnit, Sammy.
“Was different. Of course, it was. But I’ve already been asked to leave once. I’d rather not have to do it again.”
Somehow Dean approached the bed as well. He stayed toward the bottom, afraid that he didn’t have the right to come any closer.
to die, Dean. And I could be helpful. I mean, if you want to, ya know, stop Lucifer from rising, it might be nice to have someone on the inside.”
Mistakes are made.
? Yes. Absolutely.
“Yeah.” Dean said simply. He could feel Jack studying him out of the corner of his eye and wondered exactly how much Jack knew. How much could Jack feel right now?
She wiped the tears away harshly. Part of her wanted to look at Cas. She finished off her whiskey, wincing faintly at the burn, and set the glass down hard.
“Sam, I don’t want to do this again.”
“Too far,” Dean said simply. His knuckles were white on the steering wheel.
Cas pulls back, “The demon? She’s here?”
“Both of you have been weird since then.”
The kiss tastes like blood, but that’s nothing new. When he leans back and opens his eyes, he sees where he smeared tacky blood across Ruby’s cheek. She takes notice, wipes a hand across her cheek, smearing more blood than she gets off.
Why wasn’t it enough?
“But he wouldn’t want you to leave. And even if he did, this is as much your home as it’s mine and his.”
to finally kill Ruby. Because maybe if she’s gone, this feeling might die with her.
“Whatever. I’m not into
“Obsessed?”
His fear of thunder had been irrational. After all, the thunder can’t cause damage, not like lightning. Being afraid of thunder is like being afraid of the sound of a gunshot when you should be afraid of the bullet.
Cas’s other hand found it’s way to Dean’s face. Cupped in Cas’s hands, breathing her in, tasting her, and the warm, oaky, burn of the whiskey still on her lips. Her lips.
“Because,” Jack looked quickly between the two of them, his eyes catching on Dean for beat as he answered Cas, “If you’re human, the Empty won’t be able to take you.”
Relief was overwhelming. The relief of finally admitting what he’d done. Telling Dean about the deal that had been hanging over his head since the day he made it. Acknowledging that he always knew it would be this – because loving Dean had always been his weakness, why shouldn’t it be his end as well.
“I think he is concerned for you,” Cas falls quiet for a moment and Dean almost forgets they were talking. That is, until Cas turns toward Dean, pinning him under his gaze and says, “As am I.”
“No, no, no. ‘S not like that, Sam. I’m good. You’re happy ‘n that’s all I wanted for you. I’d die if I knew you’d be happy, you know that, right?”
“We all have to die eventually, Sam,” Cas’s voice came out gruffer than he’d intended.
She wouldn’t let her mind wander. Shoved Sam’s question down and buried it under each sip of the whiskey. Instead of thinking, Dean kicked her feet up on the table, stared at a random point in the distance, and savored each time the whiskey burned its way down her throat and into her stomach.
that’s been plaguing him since… well, since…
She didn’t know how much time passed. Enough that the tears finally slowed, then stopped. Enough that the warm buzz in her veins had started to fade. Enough that she refilled her glass but didn’t drink much as she kept her head buried in her arms.
“Is that what this is about?”
“Why not?” Cas asks.
, he marveled.
Cas didn’t react when Sam said he was moving. Sam had to repeat himself a second time before Cas took him into a tight hug. As Sam pulled away, Cas said very seriously, “I’m happy for you, Sam.”
The gaping hole where the door once stood may have seemed like a black hole had Cas not had such close experiences with the Empty and it’s endless nothing. However, looking into the jagged opening and ruined room inside, Cas felt a something in his chest that reminded him of the Empty anyway.
The tight panic clenching his chest bled into his limbs. He hit the steering wheel once, but that panic, this pain that isn’t pain kept building anyway.
On the ride back to the bunker, a ride that Dean tried very hard not to think of as their last, Sam finally asked it.
“Cas,” Sam said slightly more urgently. Cas stood and Sam did the same, taking a small step toward her, “Please don’t go again.”
“Ok,” he said.
Dean fell quiet again. Sam found his hand holding tightly to Eileen’s. He didn’t even remember reaching for her, but simply held it even tighter.
Dean reaches over to rest on a hand on the cool handle of the demon blade, as he sees Ruby’s abandoned house appear from the darkness.
Dean can’t look up, even as he feels Cas looking at him.
When Steve pulls away, Dean opens his eyes. With nothing more than the streetlights through the window providing some back lighting, Steve’s features are lost. All Dean can see is his dark hair, now looking vaguely wild and windswept.
“You said you didn’t care if I slept with Cas. And I’m giving you an out here man. If it bothers you – “
“Cas?” Sam said, a hand clamped tightly on his shoulder.
Dean fell silent again. But Sam heard uneven breaths that told the tears haven’t stopped.
If you made it this far, thank you so so much for reading! This was a lot of fun to write and I hope you enjoyed it too :)
Out of the corner of his eye, Sam saw Dean’s shoulders relax slightly. While he was still hunched over the wheel racing toward the bunker with no real course of action in mind, at least he knew he’d had Sam. He’d always have Sam.
“Cas, are you there?” a voice said. Cas didn’t remember answering the phone.
So, why does anything else even matter. Why does it matter that Sam lied to him or that Dean is fucking Ruby or that Sam is fucking Cas or that Dean kissed Cas? How could any of that matter at all when the world is about to end because they aren’t good enough?
“I don’t trust a word you say,” Dean amends.
Jack smiles sheepishly, despite his power and status, at the end of the day he was still their kid. He looked like he might have had more to say, though his face fell suddenly as he glanced away from Dean.
, he thinks. It feels like a punch to realize it’s not a matter of
Dean’s leg started to shake, forcing him to ease up on the gas. Dean didn’t say it, but he didn’t have to. They both knew that if Cas left, it would kill him. But not getting to say goodbye, that would hurt just as bad.
It was Sam who stepped in, saying, “Jack just thinks it might be smart to give Cas some time.”
Steve sips gratefully as Dean hales the bartender for another beer.
“You’re armed,” Cas nods faintly to the demon blade resting on the bench seat between them.
They decided to stay at the bunker together for a while. Sam still woke sometimes in the night, afraid that everyone was gone. That the world had vanished, and their win had just been another trick from Chuck or Lucifer or any other villain.
“What’re you doing, Cas?”
The thing is, logically, Dean knows Sam and Cas haven’t even been that bad. In fact, an outsider might not even be able to tell that anything’s going on between them. Cas still watches over Dean, performing his heavenly duty, or whatever. He still comes when Dean calls, assists when he can. He’s still stilted and awkward (so, there goes Dean’s theory that Cas would loosen up if he got laid).
was truly representative of how he felt, or it was Dean’s desperate attempt to save Cas. Either Dean loves Cas, or he doesn’t.
“Fuck off, Sam.” Dean said. He hung up and threw his phone to the back seat.
When Ruby kisses Dean, it’s violent and bloody and salty with sweat and tears. When he shoves her up against the cracked and moldy wall of what was once a living room, he isn’t sure if they are about to continue fighting or start fucking. When she grabs his shoulder, digging into his skin hard enough to bruise, he isn’t sure if he’s going to throw her off or drag her closer in until she does it herself. She pulls him in, hard. She bites his lip, drawing blood from the cut her fist had put there moments ago.
A strange combination of relief and disappointment overtook him when he heard Sam’s voice, “Dean?”
“Dean. Can we talk? For a second.”
He sat there for hours. Back against the wall, feet splayed out in front of him, Dean stared out at the room where he shattered. He took deep drinks from the handle of whiskey until his vision started to blur and tilt. Hot tears slipped down his cheeks and for a single moment he let them.
So, he walked. He gave himself hours to watch the people resuming their lives as if they hadn’t ceased existing for days. As if Chuck hadn’t almost destroyed everything. He wondered slightly what Jack had done with heaven. He didn't let himself try to check.
Dean felt his gut clench and forced his body to remain still. He looked stiff.
He thought of how neither had been fully able to tell him the truth about what happened there. But the haunted, deadened look in their eyes when they met Sam and Jack shortly after was something Sam couldn’t seem to forget.
“To what, Sam? I am trying. See this? This is me trying.”
“How? How did you- Have you been talking to Jack?”
“So, I guess that means it
Sam dried off his hands as he said, “Ok, well, we’ll look into the lore. There’s got to be- “
“I know. I suppose Jack can’t or won’t repair it. I’ve prayed to him again and again and he doesn’t answer. It feels strange. There’s hardly any thing left.”
“Not you.” Cas said suddenly.
All at once Dean took a deep breath and said, “I gotta go to bed, Sam. Sorry I woke you up.”
“Cas decided,” Jack said softly. And then he was gone, leaving Dean alone by the side of the road.
anymore. It’s
Steve’s hair is damp from a recent shower and combed into a neat little coif. He turns to Dean, holding two cups of coffee, and Dean can’t help but notice that his eyes are dark brown.
“Whatever.”
“Maybe.”
“Dude,” Sam says, shifting toward him.
He sits, he downs the rest of the second whiskey and sips on another beer. Something bad is inside him. Something vile is winding its way through his insides. Hunting, killing demons, saving seals, hell even sleeping with Ruby, it can distract him from it for a bit. But it’s always there. It’s poisoning him. He’s poison. And this vile thing, it’s been growing every day.
Dean starts to shake his head, but Sam talks over him, “I was doing good, though, Dean. I’m willing to do it your way, I can try. But… it’s like… Ever since I found out about Yellow Eyes, about the” he takes a deep breath, “about the demon blood in me. I’ve felt dirty. Unclean. Because I am. Down to my blood, I am.
He wishes it was different. He wishes Cas didn’t matter so much to him. He wishes he didn’t see blue eyes every time someone had their hands on him. He wishes he had the courage to tell Sam how much he needs Cas. And he wishes he didn’t need Cas at all so that Sam could have this. His brother needs this, needs Cas. So, how can Dean be so selfish to need him too. How can Dean take that away from Sam?
“What are you doing?” Cas asks stiltedly.
He wants to pull his little brother in like he did when they were kids. Crush him in a hug so tight that Sammy has to tap out. He wants Sammy to know that it’s ok, that he’s not unclean or whatever. That everything is going to be alright.
Dean shakes his head slightly. He doesn’t turn but looks up to meet Cas’s eyes in the slightly fogged over mirror, “No I didn’t.”
Dean thinks he should pull his hand away. He knows he should, and yet it’s so easy for him to release the bottle, slip his hand through Cas’s grasp, and wind their fingers together. He’s holding Cas’s hand and he can’t look away.
Just wanted to give you guys an update and say – Surprise, this is gonna be a little longer than I planned! Also, thank to everyone reading, it makes me really happy to see people checking this out 😊
Dean wondered if that was her fault. She took another sip and looked away.
Cas sat alone at the kitchen table, the cups of coffee and plates of food summoned by Jack cooling before him. His hand had found its way to his chest and as he reached and reached for his dwindling grace, his finger clutched into the fabric of his shirt. They twisted into it, pulled at the neckline as he made a tight fist pressed to his chest.
Sam took a deep breath and forced herself to take a seat on the corner of Dean’s bed. After a beat, Dean took a seat too.
“I- No. I mean, of course not, man,” Dean reaches across the bench seat to clasp his brother’s shoulder, “Of course not.”
He stopped in his tracks, standing somewhere before a quiet corn filled. A crow called somewhere overhead. Cas clutched his chest for a moment.
“I know,” Cas mumbled back.
Dean walks slowly over to the couch and picks up the demon blade. He sees Ruby carefully watching him in his periphery but keeps his attention on the blade.
He tastes the tang of their combed blood and sweat. He thinks he feels sick. He feels her pulling his pants aside. He doesn’t think of Cas. He
“Talk?” Dean said, getting more fully out of bed now.
She laughs, “Sure. You should. But then where’s Sammy gonna get his fix?”
But still,
“You… you still don’t trust me?”
“’S not,” Dean paused again, “Not what I mean. I just… Cas is leaving.”
He thinks he wants to talk to someone. He thinks he needs a drink. He turns Baby’s engine back on and drives.
“Yes. You, me, and Cas. Meet in the kitchen in five, ok?”
Dean hovers near the bathroom door, “Yeah?”
A voice that sounds alarming like Sam’s whispers in the back of his mind,
Despite Sam’s best efforts, the dinner felt awkward. Dean ate quickly and left the kitchen while everyone was still eating, mumbling something about walking Miracle.
“Eileen and I are going to be moving. There’s a house for sale near the place she’s renting.”
“You stupid son of a bitch,” Dean whispered. Cas couldn’t have agreed more.
“Are you ok? Is it- “
“Don’t ‘
And Dean should have let her go. Should have taken that speech and agonized over it and buried it along with everything else. She should have let it go.
“Why would I mind, Sam? I don’t care that you’re into guys, or angels who are guys, or anything else.”
“That’s not necessary. I am fine.”
“Dean,”
Instead, there was suddenly Sam, crouching in front of him.
Dean would rather be anywhere else right now. He sits on the edge of the bed facing Sam.
“I’m just trying to strategize with you and… I don’t know, man. It’s like ever since this thing started with Cas, you’ve been off.”
“What?” said Cas incredulously.
“Before we stopped Chuck. When you and Cas when to confront Billie, you never told me what happened.”
Sam nodded quick, “Ok. Yeah, ok. I think he’s – ”
“It’s ok, Dean. I know,” Jack said lightly.
Steve laughs slightly, and sucks in a hiss of a breath.
“Right,” Dean answered, there was another beat of silence.
If Cas is in that room with Sam, Dean knows he’s going to turn right around and drive until he does something stupid.
Also, it’s been a bit since I’ve watched the early seasons, so idk, probably not gonna be 100% accurate to cannon. I just liked this idea and decided to run with it.
Cas was standing inside the archives now. He didn’t remember doing that, climbing inside, but it didn’t matter. The moment he realized where he was, he lurched backward, uneasily reaching for the sharp edges of the door. As he pulled himself through the opening, he felt pain shoot through his hand.
Was, though. He was. But now, Cas would likely choose to return to heaven and Dean would never have a chance to fix things.
“No,” he says carefully. He feels Cas shifting on the bench and prepares himself for the worst.
“Not exactly, no,” Steve answers with a cough.
“He didn’t last time.”
“Dean?” Sam sounds tentative, which is never a good sign.
“No,” Dean lied unconvincingly.
“Hm?”
“Yes, it is. I’m just… adjusting. So, is Cas. Hell, if anything it’ll probably be easier for us to get back to normal without you and Eileen practically banging in the kitchen every morning.”
“I’m going to kill Ruby.”
“You said you were cool with this.”
“It’s funny sometimes to watch how pissy you get whenever your brother and his fuck-buddy come up.”
“Dean doesn’t care if I stay.”
Dean sucks in a deep breath. He did not mean to say that. And he can tell that Sam knows he did not mean to say that.
She’d had a lifetime to get good at being quiet. Even so, as she crept through the hallway with soundless footsteps, she froze when she saw Cas’s door was open. Warm lamp light spilled into the hallway, reflecting off the tile floors.
To the motel? Where he fought with Sam? Where he kissed Cas? Where he can walk in on his brother and his… his…
“I think that’s why I couldn’t let Ruby or the power go, you know? Because if I’m already ruined, at least I can use it for some good. But then, this thing started between me and Cas. And don’t get me wrong. I’m not in love with him and I don’t think he’s in love with me. But being with him… It’s like, if an angel wants to be with me, in any sense of the word, then I can’t be that unclean, can I?
Cas felt the tremors returning to his hand and clenched them into fists to hide it, “I’m aware.”
Dean turns toward the door, planning to leave. He should leave.
Ruby perches on the edge of a moth-eaten couch as she pulls her boots back on. Dean takes the opportunity to rescue his jacket from across the room. He pulls it on and lets his hand linger on the demon blade for a moment before dropping his hands to his sides. When he turns back around, Ruby is fully dressed and watching him again.
Recognizing the same fear, Cas sat up and drew Dean in. Arms wrapping around his back while Dean’s hands remained clenched against Cas’s chest, they were still, both just waiting and waiting.
“Alright,” Dean stands suddenly. He feels like his legs might be about to give out and yet he can’t sit anymore, “Thanks for the chick-flick moment, man. But I’m good. We’re good. It’s all – “
“I was talking to the kid when he just up and vanished.”
“I’ll have the same,” says someone to Dean’s right.
Dean swallowed, “’Cause. The Empty would only him if he was happy.”
He would have taken the bunker apart piece by piece with Sam by his side had Jack not finally appeared. His hand was suddenly resting on Dean’s arm as he said, “Hello.”
Wordlessly, she slid it part of the way down the table toward Cas. It landed a few seats down from Dean. Cas glanced at the glass then back at Dean. Despite the fact that her hair was back in its usual ponytail, it looked slightly askew.
He feels nothing. He feels empty. He feels like nothing can fix it.
“Do what you want, Cas.” Dean said. It could have sounded harsh. Maybe it should have sounded like a biting dismissal, like the old Dean who was overflowing with anger. Instead, it sounded gentle.
“Oh yeah. My bad. Yeah, sorry Cas. I’m totally in the wrong here. You only lied to us at every chance you’ve had over the last 12 years and got my mom killed-“
“Did you talk to him?” Dean’s voice came out rougher than usual. Sam quickly glanced over to study his brother, the tight set to his jaw, the hard lines around his eyes. Some how he hadn’t noticed the dark circles forming under them, like Dean hasn’t been sleeping. And he decided now likely wasn’t the time to ask about the smears of blood on Dean’s shirt and pants.
“Oh,” Dean says lightly.
? Why would he… where would he even think of that? Dean and Cas. It’s crazy. And what’s the point in bringing it up now, as they’re trapped in a car together heading halfway across the country to tackle their next hunt. Why is he-
“But what?” Cas asked.
Dean was choking on his fear when Cas finally, slowly turned to look at him. Scrubbing a hand over his face, Dean bought himself a moment to collect himself. Though when he looked back into Cas’s blue eyes, he could hear the thunderclap.
Cas huffed slightly at that, but Sam powered onward.
“What- What are… Dude, what is happening?”
It was nice, having at least one reason to pull himself out of bed in the morning, when he’d rather hide and continue avoiding Sam. Avoiding Cas. He was grateful to have this one reason and tried to believe he deserved it.
By some miracle, Sam fell silent for the entire ride home. But that didn’t really matter because those few words he had said cut deep. How had happiness become such a central theme in his life? Ten years ago, happiness had never crossed his mind.
The kitchen table was strewn with debris of another comfortable dinner, Dean had stepped out, leaving just Cas and Sam to clean the dishes.
Dean blinked. Cas’s hand untangled from Dean’s and settled against Dean’s cheek. His thumb stroked gently against Dean’s cheek bone, but he hardly noticed.
Dean’s eyes instinctively sweep the house of the demon blade. Unfortunately, it’s still at home in his jacket pocket, resting on the floor just past Ruby.
As a child, it had been tears over a broken toy or being denied a second piece of pie. Despite all the discipline and obedience John had trained and beaten into him, Dean sometimes could still feel that kid. Sure, he did better at burying the tears, and he eventually learned that it’s better to get away, to find somewhere quiet and isolated where he can thrash without John or Sam seeing, but he still sometimes hit that breaking point.
“I don’t care.”
“It’s just… You have a choice to make, Cas,” Sam suddenly sounded exhausted.
He needs this.
He only sat outside of Ruby’s latest abandoned building for a few moments before he drove away. The thought of her rough hands and violence, the blood, everything, it’s too much. He can only drive aimlessly for so long though.
Cas made an attempt to talk to Sam the next day. Offering to find his own place, to give Sam, Eileen, and Dean their space.
“Nope.”
Jack smiled faintly, “Well, I am in everything now.”
Cas didn’t have much to pack, just some clothes from Sam. He buried the mixtape Dean had given him at the bottom of his bag. Looking at it hurt and knowing it was there made is bag feel heavier than it actually was. But leaving it behind or getting rid of it hurt too.
“Can you just- “
He wasn’t sure how long he might have sat like that if Miracle hadn’t found him. The shaggy dog simply bounded up to him. Dean didn’t see where he came from but knew this was Jack’s doing, too. His forced his heavy hand into Miracle’s fur, and before he knew it, his face was buried in Miracle’s neck. He didn’t cry, just forced himself to breath into Miracle's warmth.
“Why, Sam? All she does is hide stuff from us and I-“
“Cas,” Sam grabbed his arm and looked at him seriously, “Listen, man. I know things are weird between you and Dean right now- “
A quick glance over the texts, and a few taps upwards through some past conversations, tells Dean everything he needs to know. But just for confirmation, he clicks the voicemail Ruby left and lets it play.
But then Ruby follows him, setting onto his lap, and her hands are rough, unnaturally strong. And with his eyes closed, with her shoving him back once again, forcefully tearing his flannel off, with his eyes closed he thinks of –
“Dean, you’re so stupid sometimes, I swear-“
“’S bad, Sam,” Dean’s voice sounded hollow.
She didn’t. Instead, Cas took a deep drink from her glass, finishing the whiskey with a serene composure, and said, “Sam has been concerned I’m going to leave again. Which had crossed my mind,” in her periphery, Dean saw Cas look down to the empty glass in her hand, “But with Chuck clearly planning something, that doesn’t seem wise for now.”
“Can’t what, Dean?” Sam gave Dean a moment hoping he’d continue, knowing he wouldn't.
It’s dark, late into the night, when Dean pulls over for the last time. He finds himself in wooded park after hours. He takes a bottle of Jack that was hidden under Baby’s front bench with him into the woods. He doesn’t follow the trail for long. Instead, he takes a long drink from the bottle and wanders off the path.
“What? Well, what’s he – ”
So, he didn’t call Sam. Instead, Dean prayed.
“When Jack was dead, in heaven. The Empty tried to take him, so Cas. Stupid bastard offered himself instead. Made a fucking deal.”
“Jack,” Dean said gently, breaking Jack out of his excitement, “Did you…” Dean sighed and started again, “I’m happy for you, kid. Hell, I’m proud of you… I don’t know if I have a right to say that to you. I wasn’t… good to you. And I wish I could have done things –“
“What?” he asked, irritated.
“Why don’t you?”
and it’s all he wants to watch anymore.”
After the weeks they spent, trekking through the nothing, fighting for their lives for the sake of his Angel – Benny’s term not Dean’s – Dean had lost track of how many times he and Benny had had the same conversation. Arguing over whether it was worth it, whether Cas was worth it, to miss their chance at getting out.
“No,” Dean snorts ruefully. “That wasn’t him. That happened after he abandoned me in the middle of his sex club.”
Crowley’s not as much as tried to kiss Dean yet. He’s not even tried to hold Dean’s hand. Dean’s not complaining, but he is a little puzzled. He can’t figure out what Crowley’s angle is. If he’s really interested in Dean, and just taking things slow, or if he’s playing some kind of game.
“Off and on,” Lisa confirms.
“You here to yell at me some more?” Dean asks, shoving his hands in his pockets. “Cause I get it. I’m an idiot. I don’t need another lecture.”
“I’m pretty good at that,” Dean replies, looking out over the pond where the ducks are still glaring at him. “Upsetting people.”
“Well, yes,” Cain says, cutting a generous slice and placing it in front of Dean. “That is my job, Dean. I’m the head chef here. I do all the baking for the Den, I presumed you knew.”
Cas blinks before lowering his pitch and calmly stating, “That’s not your mother’s fault.”
Lisa kicks off her shoes and sits down at the opposite side of the sofa, curling her legs underneath her. She’s beautiful, Dean thinks mournfully. Twenty years since he first set eyes on her at a rough-as-hell biker bar just outside the college campus and she’s more beautiful than ever. He takes a drink.
Sam ducks out of her way with a shake of his head. “Or so cheesy we’ll all die of embarrassment in front of a thousand or so people.”
What does feel strange is Dean going on a date.
“Well, believe it.”
“It’s just one date.” He tries to placate her. “And if it shuts him up then it’s no big deal.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, nodding enthusiastically now that the idea has taken root. “You should come along.”
Dean elbows Cain in the ribs. “I do not have delicate sensibilities.”
His attention is drawn back to his own humiliating situation when he feels Benny’s hands back on him, brushing down his shirt. “He doesn’t seem too seriously hurt.”
“Please, Dean,” Cain pushes gently. “I can smell that you’re upset. Let me help.”
Meanwhile Charlie is still swithering between her two alpha suitors who both adore her, and who both are steaming hot and who are both non-psychotic. Even Ash has an alpha desperate to mate with him. And Becky’s now dating Chuck. Apparently after one date they were already on the cusp of running away together. It would be cute if it wasn’t so sickening.
Dean pours every last scrap of emotion he has into Jason Todd, until even Marv can’t pick fault.
“For Christ sake,” Dean bitches, rubbing at his aching head. “It’s a studio car not a freaking Uber. I’ll catch you later, Max.”
More like he turned up drunk at the garage once too often.
“No promises,” she laughs, and gives him a peck on the cheek, then wipes a smear of make-up off his face, before skipping away with a friendly threat to post a video on Instagram of him singing karaoke if he doesn’t call her later.
“Yes,” Cas says. “I mean, no, I don’t think that would make everything okay, but yes I want you to talk to me. Or Sam. Or a therapist. Someone that will help you find a way to cope with your feelings.”
Dean inhales deeply, exhales, and stops for a second to take stock of how he’s feeling. Okay, he thinks. He’s actually feeling okay. Maybe even bordering on happy. Possibly even a little excited. Right, time to rein himself back in. Excited and happy aren't emotions that work out well for Dean. This little experiment is bound to come crashing down around him soon.
She looks about two seconds away from tears, and Dean can scent how upset she is. Dean pulls her into a hug, feeling like an asshole. “Charlie, I’m fine. I swear. I was an idiot last night. You saved my ass.”
“God, you think you’re smooth, huh?”
“Why don’t you tell us a bit about yourself,” Sam says to Mary in an obvious attempt to diffuse some of the tension around the table. “I presume you know a bit about how our lives turned out, but we don’t know anything about you.”
“No, I know, Pam. Yeah, I will.”
“Really, Dean, our church may be conservative but it’s hardly that,” Zachariah scoffs.
It’s the first thing Dean says to Sam. And it does at least stop his brother’s furious rant before he really works himself up.
In retrospect, if he’d acted quicker instead of stopping to think, he probably would have been okay. But he wastes precious seconds figuring out where the hell the closest exit is, and by the time he decides which way to make a run for it two burly guys have appeared, flanking Abaddon.
His dad glares at him. “What’s going on?”
Dean doesn’t even bother turning on the lights when he stumbles through the door, kicking off his shoes and dumping his bag in the hallway. He presumes that Cas is out on yet another date, or perhaps in his studio working on something, because the house is cast in darkness.
“Still,” Sam says. “You know this type of crap always escalates. It never ends well.”
“Are you saying I’m a bad influence?” Dean asks with a smirk.
“We can call this right now if you want,” Ellen says to Dean plainly as they’re walking to the library. “I don’t even know how these idiots talked me into this.”
“What?” Cas looks up at him.
“She thought you were an angel?”
Cain sits up. Cas opens his eyes which had drifted shut and Benny tenses, his fingers digging hard enough into Cas’ side to make Cas grumble.
“We were hoping you’d come back to bed,” Cain says.
Dean drops to his knees and yanks the lurid yoga pants down Cas’ stupidly thick thighs.
“You know, Mr. Glumguts, these dates might go better if you weren’t such a sour puss.”
“Okay, so... just me hear me out...” Dean gives it one last try even though he knows he’s about to be shot down in flames. “None of your pre-planned schedule changes except, I’m on my motorcycle and you’re in the car. I mean, there’s literally no difference. I still arrive when you do, I—”
Uriel’s shoulders roll back, his posture straightening now that he has Zachariah on side.
“And you weren’t going to say anything?”
He wonders if his dad will be more or less disappointed in him if he comes home without a mate.
“Ben’s been trying to call you,” Claire informs him unnecessarily loudly. “I told him you were probably just passed out in a drunken coma but he was worried. Probably thinks Pops has finally snapped and smothered you in your sleep. Or stabbed you to death with one of his paint brushes. Or maybe yoga’d you to death. Anyway, I told him I’d call Pops and get him to check up on you. Although, I guess if he had brutally murdered you, then he wasn’t the right person to do the checking up.”
They’re both breathing hard, dazed. Dean is a sticky mess of spunk and tears and probably snot.
“I will. I promise,” Dean says, and he maybe even means it. “But this... the keeping secrets thing, Cas, I can’t... I just can’t. The only people I trust in the world are you and Sam, and when you...” Dean trails off. But Cas nods.
Mary glances towards Sam but he doesn’t jump in to defend her.
“I want pineapple.”
Dean wastes five more minutes wallowing in self-pity before he finally gets up off the floor. He does feel better after showering, and cleaning his teeth, and he’s definitely less likely to knock anyone out with his pungent smell. With his clothes scattered across the room, from the wardrobe to his bag and across the bed, Dean doesn’t bother searching for anything smart to wear. He grabs his comfortable jeans, the ones he’s worn so often they’re ripped across the knees and worn thin at his thighs, a tee-shirt with faded writing across the front and his cleanest and softest flannel shirt. Socks and boots and he’s done. And looking and feeling more like himself than he has before any other meet and greet and he’s done. And likely the opposite picture of what any alpha is looking for in an omega.
“Fuck,” Cas growls and then he’s sliding his dick out of Dean’s mouth, leaving him gasping for breath and panting, and he’s painting Dean’s face with the rest of his load. Coming across his lips and the bridge of his nose.
He hasn’t seen Sam all day. Or Cas. He had thought one or both of them would hang around. Every time he made it back to his trailer, he expected to find one of them waiting there for him. He’s not exactly disappointed that they’ve not put in an appearance, but he is surprised.
When he looks back on it later he won’t remember storming from the house down to the beach. And he certainly won’t remember that the last few stragglers from Cas’ yoga class were still packing up their things.
Sam, for once, he bites his tongue, but it’s obvious he’s unhappy.
Dean is saved from any deep and meaningful lecture by the appearance of Benny. And good god, the scent of these three alphas combined is almost too much for Dean to take. He’s surprised half of the room isn’t fainting right now.
“Your stay here is entirely voluntary, Dean,” Ellen replies calmly. “I’m well aware that the government heavily encourages omegas to take the opportunity to find a mate before heat sickness becomes a problem, but the program simply won’t work unless you’re willing to actively participate.”
“Are you okay?” Cas breaks off his discussion with Sam to ask. “You’re a little pale.”
“Wow,” Dean deadpans. “That’s deep, Garth. They teach pop psychology at puppet school?”
“Know you didn’t pee the bed. You said you don’t remember her real well. Maybe you just forgot.”
“I think arriving in one piece in a car would be far “cooler” than ending up as a mound of road rash in the middle of the freeway,” Cas says, finger quoting “cooler” like the gigantic dork he secretly is.
Still, when Cas is swallowed up by the group again, Dean can’t help but glare at the sounds of flirty giggling that seem to surround him. He ends up excusing himself when a woman sits on Cas’ lap and wraps her arms around his neck. Cas is laughing, pink cheeked, and Dean can already tell the woman is about to kiss him. He escapes quietly, beelines for the men’s room where he splashes cold water on his face and glares at his reflection in the mirror. Rather than going straight back to their table, he detours outside for some fresh air.
“Cain,” Dean manages to say, as Benny starts kissing his way down Dean’s back again.
“That was one time,” Dean snaps. “And that’s what normal eighteen-year-olds do. It’s not like he’s a teenage delinquent who carries a fucking bowie knife around with him.”
Zachariah’s eyes light up. “I see. So, there’s still a chance we could mate you off to a more suitable alpha. Obviously they’d have to be attracted to a less than conventionally pleasing omega, not something that’s easy to find. But there are still one or two more traditional alphas in my acquaintance that I might be able to convince to give you a try.”
“You basically just called me a fat lazy drunk, Sam,” Dean points out.
“I thought we were done with that scene?” Stuart says, walking up behind Dean and studying the shooting schedule in his hand.
“I’m leaving you, Dean,” Lisa blurts out.
If he looks back and thinks about all the times she was working late with Meg, or pulled out of plans because of an emergency only she and Meg could deal with together, or didn’t have the time to take vacation days to do festive stuff… well, he’ll drive himself mad.
“So, are you and Carmen...” Dean trails off.
“Lisa?” Carmen says. “I’ve met her a few times. You know her Gordo. She and Meg own Demon Burn Gyms.”
Cas lets out another huff, but it’s at least 50% exaggerated. Dean suspects that at this point Cas is probably angling for angry sex too. God, he loves him.
“Which is the best time to practice,” Cas tells him. “Don’t worry, I won’t be much longer. Only another hour or two.”
“Oh no, I don’t think so.” Abaddon says. And Dean gives her kudos for very nearly succeeding in hiding the hint of apprehension that creeps into her words. “I saw this pretty little thing first. Go find a playmate of your own.”
“Fine,” Cas repeats dryly, holding his hand out to Dean and yanking him up from the sofa. “I’ll go with you. I’m sure your friend Benny will be absolutely thrilled to have me tag along.”
Dean shrugs. “I’m gonna relax for once, Sammy. Chill out in front of the television and eat so much pie that I can’t move.”
It’s the first time since filming started that Dean has felt a glimmer of hope that this movie might be as good as it deserves it to be.
“What?” Dean takes a step backwards, stumbling into the door behind him.
Still, there’s only so much cute he can handle.
“Dean,” Cas speaks up again. “Please calm down. Shouting at Sam isn’t helping. Your brother was simply trying to protect you from—”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Ellen says, later in the dining room. “I can’t imagine what got into Bela today, we’ve never had any problem with her before. Have we?”
That’s fighting talk in Dean’s book. He narrows his eyes. “You watch your mouth.”
“People care about you,” Sam snaps. “Suck it up, Dean.”
“It’s fine, Rose,” Cas gets himself together enough to reply.
Just as he’s resigned himself to the fact he can’t lay there all night, and he’s actually going to have to move, Cas’ face, presumably attached to his body, is hovering about him. “Dean! Dean, are you okay?”
Dean shrugs. “Fine. Everyone seemed to love the movie clips. Well, apart from the homophobic douchebag, obviously.”
Laughter fills the air, cruel, cold and insane.
Dean smiles back. “Yeah. Yeah, I would.”
“Well, I’m still trying to figure out what she was thinking,” Dean snarks.
Cas and Dean avoid each other with the skill of two hide-and-seek grandmasters. Dean catches up on the chores Cas “forgot” to do while he was away, like emptying the trash and cleaning the refrigerator, while Cas stays shut away in his art studio. At one point, when Dean spies Cas heading his way, he ducks outside to go for a walk along the beach. By the time he comes back, Cas has disappeared again. Dean quickly cleans the floors then retreats upstairs before Cas’ hunger pangs drive him back into the main house.
Dean’s breathing hard by the time he finishes. He hadn’t known he was so angry until the words poured out.
“We very much want to mate you,” Cain says. “I’m sorry if we didn’t make that clear.”
“I want details,” she says, undeterred. “I know you. And I know something’s going on. Garth set you up yesterday, did you meet someone?”
Dean throws himself into Cain’s arms before Cain can change his mind.
Dean rolls his eyes but climbs in anyway. A look in the wing mirror as they drive away, shows Cain arriving with Benny just in time to watch them leave.
By lunchtime Dean has changed his mind at least half a dozen times about what he should do. He’s packed his bag and unpacked it. Now his hold-all is lying on his bed with approximately half of his belongings in it. He can’t remember whether he’s packing or unpacking so he’s settled for sitting on the floor with his back against his bed and feeling miserable.
“Are you twelve?” Cas asks, eyebrow raised
Dean rolls his eyes at Cas’ formality but smiles too. “Truce,” he agrees, shaking Cas’ hand. “As long as you at least attempt to put your dirty dishes in the dishwasher.”
“What did she say to you?” Cain asks, placing his hand on the small of Dean’s back, and leading him off the dance floor, much to Dean’s relief.
“Ok…” Sam waited, sensing there was more.
“No. I mean, of course she can’t be trusted, Cas. I’m not stupid, man. But if I can use her, and kill a few demons while I’m at it then-“
He ignored Dean’s sharp breath and watched Jack. Thinking carefully, Jack answered, “The Empty would still want to take you. I don’t think it would be safe for you here – on Earth.”
Upon hearing Sam shuffling around the kitchen, Cas took a sharp turn. When he heard Sam heading toward the bathroom, Cas took another quick turn. He felt vaguely guilty about trying so hard to avoid his friend. But it was dulled by the fact that he had nothing left to say to him. And Sam would, of course, want him to talk.
Of course, he’d quickly grown past that fear after she’d died. After he’d been trained to fire guns whose explosive shots could put thunder to shame. However, he still remembered that fear, the kind of fear he that stole his breath.
Dean felt hollow, and as he looked at that message, thinking of the conversation he would soon have to have with Sam, the only thing solid thought he could form was that he can’t fix this.
He shook his head. “I’m sorry,” he forced out between shallow breaths.
Dean knew what he wanted to say. Once it was safe and the Empty was no longer a threat, Dean knew exactly what he needed to say. The words had been choking him since Cas said them first.
“He’s rushing into it.”
What he said, what he did to Cas, goes beyond this deal with the Empty. Or maybe it simply started before then, only to be cemented by the things he said. He’d taking everything from Cas, has already taken everything from him. And somehow, he still asked for more.
“Yeah,” Dean catches his meaning, “It’s just been a long… I don’t even know. Long life.”
“Uh, Dean?” Sam says, snapping him out of the ever-tightening spiral.
they fail.
? No, of course not. Why would he?
And he got it now. That look of bliss on Cas’s face at having just said it.
Sam didn’t know what to say to that. He wished slightly that he could reach out to his brother. Offer him some comfort the way Dean so often had for him. Instead, he said, “How far are we?”
He’d tightened his grip on the demon blade, and he’d entered with a clear head, or as clear as Dean Winchester’s head could ever get. He entered with the clear
In the present he has a flash of clarity, or something near enough, to wonder what he’s doing. To know that this, holding Ruby, letting her shove him backward and onto the moth-eaten sofa in the corner,
“It’s not all good, Dean. Things have been rough between us for a while now, but lately – “
“I think,” Cas said, breaking Dean out of her trance, “I think I dreamt, earlier.”
“Dean,” he says gently, “What happened.”
“Where’s Sam?” Dean forces himself to ask.
Cas seemed ridged suddenly. She carefully placed the sponge down and dried her hands on a nearby towel.
“I mean,” Dean let out his breath in a huff, “About Cas… and,” He sighed, “About Cas and me.”
“Okay. Anything else?”
“Have you been drinking?” Sam asked.
It was the first time Dean had spoken directly to Sam since starting the story.
He spoke so quietly next, Sam had to lean slightly closer into the phone, “Said he loved me, Sam.”
“Can you-“
Since Sam and Cas. Maybe before. Maybe just since Cas. Maybe just since Cas started to become so essential to him.
“Come on, Cas,” Jack said.
“Dean, that’s not fair.”
“Like you.”
So, maybe that’s all this is. Sam, making jabs, trying to annoy Dean like a little brother should. Sam, trying to thaw the frost, to bury the bad feelings and move forward. They certainly have enough on their plates without dealing with interpersonal conflicts, blood addictions, and drug-dealing demons.
“It’ll take him some time to heal. He should up soon, though. And as of now, the Empty shouldn’t come for him,” Jack was saying.
He turned around and started walking home.
Dean blinks, “What?”
Dean shifted slightly, suddenly uncomfortable. But Sam continued as if she didn’t notice, “You do and have done, the same things you’re mad at Cas for.”
Head swimming, he leaned against the wall across from the door and glanced at the deep cut across his palm. A few drops of blood fell to the ground. He tried to focus his grace into his hand, tried to heal it. The dull glow stuttered in his palm, flaring bright for a second then unsteadily fading.
Second time around, Dean manages to actually get out of the car after he parks outside their motel room door. The hangover headache has mostly faded, replaced by a different kind of headache. Memories are pressing down on him, images of his first kiss, of Steve body, of wild black hair, of vibrant blue eyes.
Cas’s hands are left dangling by his sides. Though in an instant, one hand is clutching Dean’s flannel in a tight fist at their hips.
Sam sighed slightly. He should have guessed this would complicate things. He shifts the phone to his other ear and says, “I know, Dean.”
Dean scrubbed a hand down his face. He noticed his hands shaking and forced himself to grip the wheel tighter to hide it.
He washes off the filth while Ruby talks. He lets her push his buttons. He grinds his teeth when she asks, “So, how has Sammy been? Still fucking his angel?”
“You sound displeased when you say it.”
With a slight nod, Sam closes his laptop and turns fully toward Dean, “I know that you don’t, didn’t get it. I mean I know what it looked like, what I looked like with her. You think I’m a monster. I’m turning into the kind of thing we are supposed to hunt.”
“I love you, Cas,” Dean said the words like an exhale, finally releasing a breath he’d been holding for weeks. Though he knew, as he looked at how vulnerable and peaceful Cas looked in that bed, as he looked at the perfect way Cas’s hand fit into his, he knew that he’d been holding that in for much much longer.
Dean didn’t make it back to her room. She didn’t trust her traitorous legs not to carry her back to Cas. So, instead, she’d retrieved the whiskey poured some into a glass and settled herself at one of the tables in the library.
Dean can’t handle the look on Cas’s face, so he closes his eyes. He knows that if he doesn’t say it now, he never will so he says, “I need you, Cas.” His breath leaves him in one gust, leaving him gasping faintly for air. He opens his eyes to a pair of beautiful blue eyes staring back at him.
“Sam,” her voice sounds small coming from the shitty phone speaker, and sends a chill down Dean’s back, as if she’s talking right into this ear. “I know things have been rough with your brother, but I’ve been hunkered down in that shitty abandoned house waiting for you for like three days now. Ignore me again and I’m out. See you soon.”
Dean leaves quickly and pretends he doesn’t hear Sam calling his name.
“Yeah,” Dean says forcefully.
Cas chuckles. “Still not gotten to grips with the whole social media thing, Dean?”
“Well, brother,” Benny smiles at him. “If you stick around a few more days maybe I’ll tell you.”
In a day when he surely made a lot of mistakes, that right there is Metatron’s biggest.
Sam’s voice cuts through the peace of the moment. “Seriously? Jesus Christ.”
Daddy doesn’t come home for a long time. Not until Dean’s tummy hurts so bad he thinks he might throw up and Sammy’s face is red from screaming. Dean can’t get him to stop. Not even when he climbs up into the crib beside him, holds him tight, wipes the snot from his cheeks and sings the way Mommy does.
Dean paces beside his pool for a good hour, smokes enough to wish he’d bought more cigarettes. The conversation playing over and over in his head in a nauseating loop. It takes him a while to remember he’d switched his cell phone to silent before they’d gone in the restaurant. When he checks, he has a list of missed calls, including three from Crowley and half a dozen from Charlie. One forty minutes ago from Jess. Nothing from Cas though.
“Your bees?” Dean looks at him for the first time. And god, he looks as good as he smells. And his smile, worried as it is, makes Dean’s heart skip a beat.
Benny takes a step towards Dean, close enough that Dean can smell the sweet spice of his aftershave and the bitter beer on his breath. “If you’re sure?” Benny drawls, voice low enough to make Dean shiver. “Nothing I’d like better than to take you back home and play awhile. I’d make you feel so good, Dean, promise you that.”
“Not yet, no,” Dean says tightly, his grin fading.
There are no two ways about it… Cas is hot. Dean always knew this objectively. It’s impossible to miss. And of course, he’s seen Cas half-naked and actually naked enough times over the past few months to confirm that the guy is as toned and fit as Dean always suspected. And packing a particularly impressive package too. Up until now, Dean has always been too focused on the fact that Cas is an annoying asshole to let his toned abs, ridiculously blue eyes, and sex-hair affect him. Or so he tells himself.
Dean hates that Cas sounds so unsure. “Dude, I dropped to my knees and all but begged you to fuck my face. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
“That’s not what I’m trying to do,” Lisa says. “You’re overreacting. I’m sure if we all sit down, and discuss the situation like mature adults we can come up with a solution that everyone will be happy with.”
Dean doesn’t notice that he’s sobbing into Cas’ shoulder until Cas’ arm loops around him and holds him tight. Dean can’t remember the last time anyone held him. It’s nice. Cas is nice. And he smells good too. That’s Dean’s last conscious thought before he falls asleep.
“I don’t need some smug mated alpha trying to tell me what to do, so keep your nose out of my damn business,” he snarls, walking away, and ignoring Benny and Charlie calling out after him.
“So I’m told,” Crowley says, sounding more bored than anything.
“No worries.” Benny shrugs. “You want to talk about it?”
In all likelihood Dean’s just blown his only chance at happiness. No way are Benny, Cain or Cas going to want him after this. Just one day after he was soaking up their attentions like the needy omega his dad always warned him against being, and he’s already going off with another alpha.
“So,” Sam says. “I’m sorry.”
“Jesus, Dean, you’re not even giving her a chance.” Sam’s eyes flash. Sam isn’t quick to anger but when he blows it’s not pretty. “If I knew you were just going to be an asshole I’d have come here on my own.”
“Sorry,” Dean says, a sip of water and half a cigarette later. “I don’t know what the hell that was.”
“Hmm,” Crowley merely observes.
“And maybe not deface the sofa again?” Dean says. “You did clean it, right?”
“Fuck you. I worked my ass off today. I had one bad night, that’s all.” Dean scowls, immediately on the defensive. He’s a professional for fuck sake. He hasn’t had a cigarette since this morning. He sure as hell would never drink while he was working. Jesus Christ. Is that what people actually think?
“Good Lord, even his name still scares you.”
He is so screwed.
Benny gives him a wry smile and a soft chuckle that goes a little way towards easing the tension stringing across Dean’s shoulders. “She sure does like to have everything written down. But I’ll tell you, the welfare agents are pretty anal about this omega/alpha stuff. Ellen likes to make sure she runs a clean house so there’s no question of anyone else taking over the Den. She’s one of the good ones, brother, I promise you that.”
“So, where are we headed?” Dean asks.
Uriel curses under his breath and tightens his grip on Dean’s arm.
Dean laughs. “It’s a long story. And I’d better not be late for this stupid thing in the conservatory. I think I’ve pissed off everyone enough for one day.”
Sam doesn’t stay much longer. Not once he figures out that Dean’s done with the topic of conversation. Cas sees him out while Dean finds a dustpan and brush to clear up the mess of glass spread across the floor. He’s cleaning whisky and the last tiny specks of glass up with a paper towel when Cas comes back. He takes the napkin from Dean’s hand and throws it in the trash, before tugging him into a hug. He doesn’t let go until Dean finally relaxes in his arms, his head drooping onto Cas’s shoulder.
Dean wracks his brain, the whole way to the next room, trying to remember when she managed to video him singing karaoke.
Then there’s the fact that they’re only just getting to grips with living with each other. Adding sex into the mix would be a recipe for disaster.
“Fine,” he says, calmly, standing up. “Then I’ll leave.”
In the car home, Dean brushes off any serious topics of conversation, and refuses to call Sam. Not because he doesn’t want to sort things out with his brother but because he’s just too damned wiped out to think about anything other than collapsing into bed. Cas doesn’t put up much of a fight. Things are too fragile between them. And he’s obviously just as tired and worn as Dean.
Max isn’t reassured. He shifts anxiously, glowering at the car. “Maybe you should wait, Sir. I’m not sure Mr. Novak would approve of this if he were here.”
Abaddon lets go of his hair just long enough to slap him across the face again, with so much force his teeth clack together. “Watch your mouth, sweetie. I’m not the bitch here.”
There’s no way Dean’s sticking around for introductions. He tries to side-step out of her way. “I told you, I’m leaving.”
“Dean?” Benny says, “you okay, cher?”
“Hmm,” Dean says. “Speaking of finding… did you find your sunglasses, yet?”
“Twelve years,
Ellen is not happy.
“Maybe you should talk to them anyway. You know, usually mated alphas don’t smell great to us omegas.”
“I’m done with talking about all this. Done with the whole fucking thing.”
Dean shifts, slick already soaking into his panties as his alpha’s scents turn predatory and they herd him towards the door.
Even though he knows it's the worst thing he can do, Dean can’t help but tense when Cain starts moving. Cain, with the willpower of a goddamn saint, immediately freezes until Benny and Cas distract Dean with hot mouths and clever fingers. The first few thrusts of Cain’s hips aren’t painful but they are uncomfortable, but then it’s like a slow dawning epiphany. The stretch of Cain’s dick inside him, the scrape of Benny’s teeth across his nipples, the sweet taste of Cas’ lips against Dean’s, lifting him higher and higher into an ecstasy he’s never even imagined before.
If Dean doesn’t get out of here, he’s going to start swinging. He’s not going to be able to stop himself.
“It would have been better if your first time with an alpha was not while you were in heat,” Cain says. “But seeing as how you’re too stubborn to wait—”
”Yeah, it was good,” Dean says. “Better than the last couple. Think I might sign up.”
“Sweetheart, it’s my job to go down there,” Dean laughs.
Dean isn’t entirely sure that they do. Alfred departing words of wisdom. A brooding Batman mourning the loss of his once young charge, staring forlornly at a Robin costume that won’t be worn by Jason Todd ever again. The Red Hood either dead or disappeared. The Joker laughing maniacally. It all seems pretty run of the mill for a Batman movie. “We do?”
Dean tenses, his hands curling tight around the handlebars and heart rate skipping to double time.
“You’re giving up on us, Dean? Already? Or are you giving up on yourself?”
Turning around, Dean smiles, all harmless boy next door charm and shiny white teeth. “Yes Sir, can I help you?
“It was a kindness really,” Abaddon continues. “Omegas are only born to serve one purpose. There was no heat sickness back then because no omega made it to your age without being bred like the bitch they were designed to be.”
Cas stops Dean just before he jumps up onto the stage, a hand on his arm, faces inches apart. “They love you. But not more than I do.” And right there in front of hundreds of people and cameras and journalists, Cas leans in and kisses Dean square on the lips.
Dean’s phone lights up with a message to tell him the studio car is there. “Are you coming with?” he asks, pouring more coffee into a to-go mug.
Dean isn’t really seeing him. It’s Alastair grinning face that’s blinking behind his eyelids. Scarred into his mind.
Missouri doesn’t back down. “I’m sure your dad thought he was doing what was best. But like it or not, you’re an omega, Dean, and he should have, at the very least, made sure you understood there was no shame in that. And he damn well should have made sure you understood how your biology and instincts worked. He should have supported you, not tried to pretend you were the same as him.”
“Thank you, Rose,” Cas says, before he seems to catch what she actually said. “I’m sorry, what?”
“Well,” Dean says, after taking a deep breath and actually considering Benny’s advice. “I guess I could wait a few more days to see her again.”
Dean still can’t have a conversation with Lisa without drinking himself into a coma afterward.
“No, what?” Dean asks, curiosity piqued.
“I could hear you thinking from the bedroom.”
Dean shuffles his feet, undecided between crawling into bed and attempting to find his underwear so he can run away.
“Over on the hay bale, please. Would you like another drink first? Help you relax?”
“I was doing just fine before you showed up.”
“Well, aren’t you bitchy tonight? Sounds to me like someone needs to get laid. If that boyfriend of yours is too busy don’t hesitate to ask,” Crowley says, and then carries on, blithely ignoring Dean’s warning growl. “Just letting you know that there’s a schedule change, which means I need you earlier tomorrow. And on location. I managed to work my usual magic and secure the last minute go ahead we needed. The car will be there to collect you at three am. I sent you the details.”
Sam’s phone rings just then saving him from Dean’s witty rejoinder. Cas walks across the room and perches on the arm of the chair, arm draping around Dean’s shoulders, fingers kneading at his nape, easing the tension that’s crept in. Dean leans in against him with a sigh. “I’m not trying to be difficult,” Dean says, keeping his voice low so as not to disturb Sam’s phone call.
Dean bristles, his arm tensing where it hangs over Sam’s shoulder. This is exactly what he doesn’t need to hear. It’s not like he isn’t worried enough about what he’s walking into. “Thanks, Sam, that bullshit conspiracy crap is really what I want to hear right now.”
Garth’s eyes widen and he looks about two seconds away from breaking out Mr. Fizzles to warn Dean all about the dangers of alcohol.
“Fine?” Dean asks, watching Cas stand up.
you’re doing the right thing. I don’t trust this alpha. Or Zachariah.”
Ben grumbles something unintelligible as Dean downs another shot of bourbon. There’s a beat of silence before Dean realizes Ben has asked him a question.
The set is tense all day. Not in the same way it was when Marv was shouting orders and complaining about every little thing Dean did. It’s more expectant than stressed. Like everyone can sense what they’re witnessing is something a little special. Idris and Chris are two of the best actors Dean’s worked with and it’s not hard to stay inside Jason Todd’s head. To rage about the injustice of Batman letting the Joker live when Jason Todd died at his hands. To let his own emotions, explode into the feelings of betrayal, anger and love for the man he depended on.
“Sorry, everyone,” Dean says, louder this time, not just for Cas’s ears. “I guess the Red Hood’s just a little too twisted up in my melon right now, huh?” Dean laughs, it’s not his best acting, but it cracks the danger-edged atmosphere. There’s an almost audible exhalation of held breath.
Unfortunately, Dean’s brain rudely butts into the proceedings.
Crowley pats his cheek. “Darling, you are far from—”
Dean snaps out of his thoughts at Sam’s question.
Benny escorts Bela off the property a short time later.
“Yeah, it would have livened up this shindig, huh?”
Even Dean’s skin pebbles at the first flash of Batman on screen, his cape fluttering behind him as he stares moodily at the flaming remains of a warehouse. The warehouse where Robin, Jason Todd, lies dead. The hairs on the back of Dean’s neck stand up at the sight of the Joker’s twisted grin and sound of his psychotic laughter echoing through the eerie silence. Then the first beat of music blasts through the hall and the audience is gasping at their first glimpse of the Red Hood in full costume.
“What happened last night?”
here perhaps we can get to work,” Marv says. “Prop guy? I need Jason Todd tied up again.”
Dean isn’t any more restrained, carding his fingers through Cas’ hair and tugging the soft strands with enough force to make Cas groan into his mouth.
It’s a standoff. The pair of them glaring at each other. Both waiting for the other to make a move.
“I’ve had half a bottle of beer, Cas, that’s it. I know you and Sam think I’m drowning my feelings in liquor but I’m not a damn idiot. And I told you, I’m done talking. You want to chat so bad, maybe you should call Sam.” Dean yanks on the helmet, and flips down the visor so Cas’s reply is muffled.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says. “Sorry I lied to you. Sorry I hurt you. Sorry I didn’t tell you what scenes we were reshooting. I know I screwed up, okay, but can... can you just shout at me later? I don’t think I can handle anymore conflict today.”
Uriel lets out a low rumble that’s either a growl or a groan.
“Yeah, Sammy, it is.”
are, unfortunately, two very different things. Every frustration he’s been holding in suddenly boils over. A red mist descends over his eyes. Reason, common sense, and decorum leave the building. He charges at Cas, shoving him hard in the chest. Cas, who apparently has fucking awesome reflexes, grabs his wrist and before Dean can tell which way is up he finds himself lying flat on his back in the sand with Cas a solid weight on top of him. There’s a moment when they stare into each other’s eyes with the kind of intensity that in Dean’s experience usually leads to sex, but then matters devolve into a very embarrassing brawl that consists mainly of flailing arms and knees finding themselves in painful places.
Every single one of them looks towards the owner of the voice that just spoke. Dean’s knees almost buckle from sheer relief which does make him feel, embarrassingly, like a vapid heroine in bodice ripper.
“Hmph. And you haven’t had any issues since we stopped your meds?”
Dean glances at Cas and Sam who look just as surprised at this new tidbit of information as Dean.
“Because,” Dean says, turning his back on Cas now while he looks for his jacket. “Because he wants to kiss and make-up and play happy families with someone who abandoned us when we were kids. And I don’t want that cold-hearted bitch anywhere near me.”
“So,” he says, instead, “anyone here courting you?”
“We shouldn’t move him.” Dean hears Cas snap. “God knows what damage your
“How is Ben getting on in England?”
Dean snatches his hand away from Charlie’s, folding his arms over his chest instead.
Cas stills on the wooden bench beside Dean. His arm doesn’t shift from where it’s draped over Dean’s shoulders but the sudden tension in his muscles makes Dean regret opening his mouth.
Cas takes a step forward and glares down over the ledge of the balcony. Dean’s not sure if the fear in his eyes is from the height or the swell of fans huddled down below. Or maybe it’s the giant Elmo dressed as Freddy Krueger complete with knife fingers that’s freaking him out. He’s certainly unsettling Dean.
Dean stops, turning to face her, squaring his shoulders in expectation of another lecture. Ellen grabs his hand, her expression serious. “Are you sure this is what you want? Really what you want? That if you weren’t in heat, you’d still want to be with these three alphas?”
Dean finds his jacket and what he actually wants in his pocket. There’s one solitary slightly bashed cigarette left in the packet. He lights it and takes a draw, then turns back around to face Cas.
Dad would probably kill him afterwards.
Cas is lucky Dean doesn’t have the energy to get mad this morning. Any other time he’d rant for at least twenty minutes about Cas having the nerve to touch his baby. “Got to admit, Cas,” he says, without much heat. “I’m more pissed about you messing with my car than I am about you sleeping with my wife.”
Cas still has time to drive to his mom’s for the holidays. Dean decides to make it his mission to persuade him to do just that.
“I don’t know about tactical,” Dean admits. “Cowardly maybe.”
Now, with his boyfriend and brother more protective than ever, Dean Winchester wouldn’t be easy to get to. Especially with Alastair’s face on most wanted lists all over the world. But that didn’t mean that Alastair would ever stop trying. Would ever stop manipulating and planning and laying traps. No, the boy and his friends would never know how close Alastair was. Always had been. Always would be.
True to his word, Cas doesn’t make a huge fuss about the damage to Dean’s trailer. In fact, Dean doesn’t hear anyone mention it all day so whatever Cas has done, he’s done quietly.
There is. But Dean’s not planning on sharing that with Charlie. There are three alphas who very much make his knees go weak. But they’re also very much involved with each other. Dean might be an idiot, but he’s not stupid. He knows better than to chase after anyone who’s in a relationship. Even though he’d be lying if he said that the three of them, Benny, Cain, and Cas, are all very much at the forefront of his mind a lot of the time. Especially when he’s spending quality time alone.
“Dean,” Benny squeezes his hand when Dean tries to pull it away. “Everyone who’s met you, wants you. Every damn one of them. You were the one that didn’t want a second date. Not them. Every alpha who met you would have sacrificed anything for that second chance with you. Even Chuck begged Ellen for another try, and you made that poor little dude cry.”
Dean just laughs, and bends down to pick up the Santa hat. He gives it a shake to dislodge the worst of the sand and then plants it on Cas’ head. “You think she knew about Meg and Lisa before we did?”
Dean climbs out of the car before Sam can reply, baseball cap pulled low and aviators firmly in place. Dean didn’t want any security with them for this, wanted low-key and inconspicuous. Sam pitched a fit though, so they ended up with a driver and one of Cas’s best guys for company. Dean would have preferred if Cas was here himself —for moral support rather than security— but there’s
“And whose goddamn fault is it I’m upset?” Dean yanks on the handle again. Cas swears and pushes his weight against the door, holding it shut.
His bluff must be reasonably convincing because Cas only hesitates for a second before he’s slicking himself up with lotion and climbing back on the lounger between Dean’s legs.
A shy smile and a high five from a pint-sized fully-caped Robin perched on his Batman-Dad’s shoulders, helps shake off some of his gloom. And a hug from a mini-stormtrooper relieves at least half of the tension across his shoulders. By the time the last person of many has told him they love him and they hope he’s okay after what happened, he’s actually feeling pretty good again. Relaxed enough that his smile is almost real.
“You’re deluded,” he spits at Uriel. “I don’t know what the hell you were expecting to achieve by parading me in front of your cult-friends but I’m telling you now, we’re not compatible. I’d rather mate with a goddamn moose than you and frankly a moose would probably smell better.”
Dean picks up his tumbler and finishes off his drink before shuffling all the paperwork back together. Cas stops beside him after he’s fetched his sunglasses. “I truly didn’t mean to intrude, Dean,” he says quietly.
that he feels like he’s neglecting everyone: Cas, Elle, Sam and Jess. Never mind his friends, not that he has many, but he hasn’t properly talked to Charlie in weeks. He just seems to leap from one project straight to the next. He has done for years.
“You won’t understand.”
He does sneak a cigarette out of the pack he has hidden in the bottom of his duffel bag and creep outside to smoke it.
Cas frowns and leans back in his chair, hands steepled in front of him. “I was trying to protect you. It’s all I’ve ever done. I thought you would understand.”
“And this is what the studio wants?” Dean asks, doubtfully.
Dean bites at his lip. He doesn’t know what to say that won’t make him sound like a needy kid. These alphas look so at home together. Completely at ease and attuned to one another. From where Dean’s standing it doesn’t look like there’s room for him. Or need.
Dean’s heart is hammering under his ribs. Sweat running between his shoulder blades and soaking through his tee-shirt.
“I was named after an angel,” Cas explains. “My parents were very religious. Meg was amused by it. I think she enjoyed the thought of corrupting an angel.”
“You think that’s what this was about?”
“Dean?” Sammy asks, hand grasping at Dean’s, his little fingers sticky and damp.
“That’s not what I meant.”
“Yet,” Charlie says.
Dean coughs and feels his cheeks turn pink under the alpha’s steady gaze. He’s not entirely sure if the innuendo is deliberate. “I… uh, yeah,” he mumbles, unintelligibly. “I can. Do that. Handle… things. I handle myself fine. All the time. I’m gonna stop talking… and go… handle myself... in my room.” Dean walks backwards for a few steps before turning and fleeing, his cheeks flaming.
“Saying what, Sam?” Dean snaps, pacing across the room and back again. “That I’m fucked up? That my life is in the crapper? That no matter what the fuck I do, everyone leaves me?”
“Not really,” Dean admits. “My kid’s at school in England and he’s going ski-ing with his friends over the holidays. To be honest, I don’t think he’s ready to come back home and talk to his Mom in person yet. My brother and his wife live over in Austin; they’re pretty tied up with their new baby. My ex-wife will be spending Christmas with her fiancée and all our friends, so it’s just gonna be me, Die Hard, and a whole lot of junk food.”
“Of course not,” Cain assures him. “That’s not the issue. Zachariah and Uriel cannot be trusted. One more date will not be the end of the matter. If Zachariah thinks he can force you into uncomfortable meetings with his alpha friends, he will continue to pressure you. Let us deal with him.”
Cas follows him into the land of the barely living just as Dean’s pouring coffee.
When Dean arrives back at the house, Uriel is already waiting for him in the driveway beside his flashy, but somehow still dull, BMW. He frowns at Dean’s casual appearance, his suit from yesterday having been discarded in favor of jeans, a henley and a flannel shirt. Clothes that Dean feels comfortable in.
If Sam refuses the end this, Dean will.
The solution is something that evades Cas, though. Grasping for it now feels nearly as futile as grasping for his grace. Both have next to nothing to offer.
Cas frowned, glancing down at Sam’s hand on his arm.
“And if you choose heaven, know that Jack, Dean, and I won’t rest until we get you out of that deal.”
Sam swings his legs to the floor and runs his fingers through his hair before accepting the drink. Dean bites back a joke about hair clippers, realizing now may not be the best time.
“Jack?” Sam asked.
There is something terrible in him.
“I’ve never rented somewhere before. And I don’t exactly have a ‘credit history’,” he said with air quotes.
He should talk to Sam. He wants to drive somewhere far away.
, Jack is God. So, why does is feel like the world is ending.
“I think, to Dean, I’m always going to be her little sister. Someone she has to protect. Even when we were kids and I would steal her brush or get nail polish on her bed, she’d never really stay mad at me for long. She’d stay pissed off, sure. But she was always able to forgive me. I just think… I think when it come to you, you’re different.”
“Because you killed her,” Cas says it like he wants Dean to confirm. Like he suspects Dean won’t.
“Go for what? Sammy, he’s a guy.”
“I suppose.”
Cas didn’t seem to have a response to that. Nonetheless, he continued staring at Sam for another moment before looking away. He seemed to take in the room for a second before he said, “I can’t stay here.”
“Right, ok. Well. I’m on my way to the bunker, I’ll be there in five.”
“What do you mean ‘shouldn’t’?” Dean finally spoke. He dragged his gaze away to find Jack’s eyes. His similarity to Cas was so obvious it was painful to look at. But Dean refused to look away.
“You can’t just- you can’t just
“You’re not going home, either.”
“Lately what, Sam? You lied to me about demon blood and Ruby and started fucking my,” Dean catches the word
Dean is about to slip off into a miserable late evening nap until Sam comes back with dinner when a ringing phone disrupts him. Grumbling, he rolls over slightly to snatch his off the nightstand only to be greeted by a dark screen. He props himself up on his elbow to see Sam’s phone, left behind in his dramatic exit, vibrating next to the tv.
“Huh?” Dean withdraws his hand, glancing back at his brother. For just a second, he catches Sam’s eye, and maybe there’s that hint of a mischievous glint. Though, it vanishes too fast to be sure.
That thought rocked him for a moment. He took a deep breath, trying to figure out what he was feeling. Though, when it became clear he wouldn’t find an answer, he found himself reaching for his grace.
From this angle, she could only see a small sliver of Cas’s bed and Cas’s feet, crossed at the ankles. And that answered her question. And she’d meant to, really wanted to, turn back around, hit the kitchen, maybe even snag that bottle of whiskey she’d stashed in the library, and finally vanish into her room until these feelings were numb enough to ignore.
Cas nodded slightly. Jack rose, stepping back from the table, and said, “If you want, you don’t have to decide right now. Just pray to me and let me know what you decide.”
He did remember the moment he realized it, the moment it struck him to his core that Cas is important, integral to his being, and had been for a long time. Despite everything they had gone through together, he only started to understand it in Purgatory. And even then, it had only been because of Benny.
Crowley wrinkles his nose up, his distaste plain. “Whatever has got you smoking like a chimney. And having panic attacks.”
“I ain’t here to lecture you,” Benny says, standing up.
“You sure, Cas?” Dean says. “I’m sure you’d feel better with your family around you.”
Dean picks at the edge of the label on his beer bottle with his nail, not quite able to meet Gordon’s eyes.
“You think they’d send you on a date with anyone dangerous?” Benny says.
“Cas,” Dean says.
Dean hasn’t been tossed out of a restaurant since he was eighteen years old. At least this time he’s wearing his pants.
Alastair already gave him a drink when he arrived. Dean’s not sure exactly what it was but it burned his throat like fucking acid. It did help him loosen up enough to strip out of his clothes though. And Dean can hold his liquor. One more shot of Dutch courage couldn’t hurt.
A second —maybe minutes, or hours, who the fuck knows— later and Crowley’s voice is cutting through the dark fog clouding his head, choking his lungs, blinding him.
“He’s an arrogant, narcissistic egomaniac.”
“I guess we’ll see about that, Winchester.”
“And you’re an idiot for letting him treat you like crap, Dean,” Sam butts in. “You’re not powerless. If you’re hurting, ask for a fucking break. You’re not Brando, man. Method is not the way to go here.”
Dean startles, so lost in thought he hadn’t heard anyone approaching him. Didn’t even scent them. Although perhaps that’s because Benny is standing a distance downwind so that he didn’t.
“That was a godamn dumb move, Dean. Do you even know the trouble you could have gotten yourself in. Thank god Charlie knew where you’d disappeared to.”
“Of course it’ll be fine, Sammy,” Dean says, rolling another of his favorite tee-shirts up and tucking it into the least full corner of his hold-all. “Anyway, it’s not like I have much choice. If I don’t turn up this time, we’ll have Omega Welfare agents banging at the door to find out why. We knew this was coming. I’m twenty-two. I’ve already put it off longer than I should have.”
Charlie’s already big eyes go impossibly wide. “His sex club?”
“That’s bullshit, Lisa,” Dean growls. “And unfair.”
“Due to creative differences, Mr. Metatron and the studio heads came to an amicable and joint decision to part ways,” exec number one says, his tone perfectly even and believable. Well… believable if Dean hadn’t just watched a security guard wrestle Marv out of the building. If that’s the bullshit they’re planning to feed the press though, Dean’s happy to toe the party line this time.
“No, Dean,” Crowley laughs. “I knew that you were like me. That you’re not interested in doing what society expects even if you’re trying to convince yourself you are. There’s not an alpha out there for you, Dean. Because you don't really want one.”
“Exactly.”
Naturally, she ignores him. “Are you really that surprised?”
They bicker lightly about Dean riding his motorcycle home. Cas thinks he’s too tired to risk it. Dean argues that the ride would keep him awake. They’re still talking about it when Dean slips walking down the steps from his trailer and is only saved from face-planting by Cas’s cat-like reflexes. Dean concedes that Cas could be right and him being too tired to ride his bike.
“I find it freeing,” Cas says, far too nonchalantly to be genuine. “Actually, I'm thinking about talking up naturism. That won’t offend your delicate Midwestern sensibilities too much will it?”
“No one here is dashing to your rescue. You’re the entertainment, sweetie. They’ll be baying for your blood by the end of the night.”
“Not yet. They’ll turn up.” Cas shrugs. Which means no he hasn’t. Before Dean can suggest that perhaps if Cas tidied occasionally, he might locate them, Cas asks, “and speaking of glasses, did you schedule an eye-test, yet?”
Dean scowls. That’s unfair. He… okay, they all know now he’s bullshiting when he says he doesn’t cuddle, but he seriously doesn’t dance. Not where there’s people around to witness his uncoordinated two-left footed attempts.
“Cowboy boots, Cas.” Dean grins. “That’s all I’m saying.”
The Fairdale Omega Den isn’t what Dean had expected. It does have the imposing security gates that he’d imagined but behind them the building, mansion sized and vine-covered, lacks the bars on the windows and the institutional feel that he’d feared. Despite his confident lecture to Sam, Dean hadn’t been entirely sure he wasn’t rolling up to some outdated institute that would try and auction him off the highest bidder.
“You belong with us,” Cain adds. “Can’t you feel it, Dean? Truly? When you listen to your senses? Your heart? Your scent combines with ours to make something new, something wonderful. I believe we were destined to be together.”
Looking around and seeing Cas crouching behind him, Dean’s spiking nerves soothe almost immediately. He manages a crooked smile, and a shaky “Yeah.”
When Dean gets home from the gym, muscles aching but ego boosted, Cas is sacked out on the sofa watching It’s a Wonderful Life and looking thoroughly miserable. More miserable than even it’s a Wonderful Life usually warrants.
Dean gapes after him as Garth walks away. There was no leading on. Definitely not. There were polite smiles and lame jokes, there was no leading.
That grabs Dean’s attention. “Whoa, wait, what? That douche-nozzle threatened you?”
And there’s no doubt in his mind that he can totally take Marv. The guy eats donuts for breakfast for God’s sake. He uses a golf cart rather than walk around the studio lot.
“And we will ensure that you and Crowley are both blacklisted at Fairdale,” Cas adds, stepping over the guy on the floor to join Benny by Cain’s side. “And at every other Den in the state. Assault of an omega is a serious offence. You’re lucky we’re not calling in the police right now.”
“Jerk,” Sam returns, and yanks Dean into a hug. Dean slaps him on the back and tries to hide a relieved smile. Fighting with Sam is almost as bad as fighting with Cas.
Cas has told Dean everything about his past. And no matter how guilty Cas still feels about his time serving his country, Dean refuses to blame him at all.
“I didn’t want to tell you like this. I wanted to wait for the right time, not now while you are already... upset.”
“A light beer, please,” Dean answers. He’d ask for something stronger but he’s driving. “And can you take away the bread rolls, thanks. We don’t need them.”
“No problem, I’ll buy you one at the store tomorrow.”
Crowley knocks back the rest of his drink and slams the empty glass on the bar top. “Have a think about it, Dean. Have a drink. Hell, have the bottle. If you want to go back to Ellen’s I’ll have someone take you. If you want some fun, come find me.”
“That’s… what… when…
Dean’s search for a new gym has not gone as smoothly as he’d imagined it would. Maybe it’s because, weirdly, nowhere has felt quite as welcoming as a gym his (ex)wife owns. Or maybe it’s because he’s forty-years-old and more in danger of developing love handles than a six-pack. He doesn’t want to work out next to teenagers who don’t even exercise hard enough to sweat and instead spend most of their time posting selfies to Instagram.
“Sam, as always, has your best interests at heart, which is just as well considering the disregard you have for your own wellbeing,” Cas snaps back, furious.
“Oh my god,” Dean moans around the next spoonful. “This is the seriously the best thing I’ve ever had in my mouth.”
“Well, you damn well talked to someone,” Sam snarls.
Without the safety net of Charlie by his side, Dean works his way steadily towards the edges of the party. He doesn’t know many people here, and he’s uncomfortable knowing that a lot of them can sense his unease. On top of that, he has a blinding headache gnawing away behind his eyes. He fully plans on escaping to the safe haven of his room as quickly as possible.
“Hardly,” Crowley says. “I think perhaps my huge cock scares them away.”
“No,” Dean reassures him. “I’m at the beach house. I was planning on staying here. At least until we get this divorce sorted out. Hopefully longer.”
Dean doesn’t miss that Sam is calling her Mary now.
“You know if I’m disturbing you, you could always find somewhere quieter to live.”
Sam and Cas exchange heavy looks that only piss Dean off more. He’s fed up being kept in the dark and fed bullshit. “Tell me,” he repeats. It’s a demand not a request. “If it’s not Alastair that’s got you both stressed out, what is it?”
Cas suggests he try volunteering which isn’t a bad idea, but in the end, Dean doesn’t have time to look into it. His burst of productivity is unexpectedly cut short thanks to Sam and Eileen’s baby deciding to arrive early. Eileen’s due date was supposed to be the 30th of December which would have worked out fine. Dean was planning on heading to Sam’s on Christmas Eve and staying until New Years or until the baby put in an appearance.
“Um… no?” Cas says, licking the grease off his fingers.
“Hey!” The bartender shouts, storming across the bar and pushing the guy away from Dean. Matt steps in front of him too. Dean should probably tell them he’s perfectly capable of handling himself but it’s kind of nice to have other people defend him for once. All too often the only person to have Dean’s back is Dean. “Jesus Christ, Jeb, what have I told you about using that kind of language in my bar? Sit the hell back down and leave the kid alone.”
Dean’s irritation gives him the shot of bravery to keep pushing. “Maybe McCrevey will give you your job back, Dad. Or you could find another one even. There’s Hamilton’s garage at the other end of town.”
“Well,” Dean says. “That was fun.”
“I am your boyfriend,” Cas points out. “It’s very much my job.”
Dean snorts. “Dude, you need to get out more.”
To be honest, Dean isn’t sure if the precaution is for his sake or the alpha’s. Word had somehow gotten back to Ellen that Dean almost punched an alpha at the party the other night and she wasn’t pleased with the alpha or him. Apparently, it’s not seemly to cause a fight when an alpha is simply looking for an introduction. Even if that alpha is an imbecile. She’s added a no punching people unless it’s in self-defense addendum to the house rules. Whatever. Dean’s never been a stickler for the rules.
Crowley winks at him, like he knows damn well that Dean has a weakness for playing badass anti-heroes with daddy issues... he has a point.
Dean turns Baby back on and drives.
“The Empty will come back,” Sam says slowly.
“You’re not his ex. You were his dealer – “
Cas took the near empty bottle of whiskey and refilled her glass. Sensing this conversation was going nowhere good, Dean took a deep drink from her own glass.
With a deep breath, Cas let himself ask the question that had been building since Sam first called, “Did Dean tell you everything that happened?”
“I see. Well, we should take care of this quickly.”
? No.
Dean feels his face shift into a scowl. He never should have spoken to her, that was his first mistake. When he entered the house last night, he should have simply quietly crept up behind her and slit her throat. Quick, efficient, and most importantly, quiet.
“I’m, uh, I’m sorry about yesterday.” Dean says.
With that Dean carefully stood up, trying not to notice the way Cas let his hand fall.
Cas had planned to simply sit in his room and think once Sam left him alone. But the longer he sat the more his urge to move grew. He needed to get out and felt the old desire to simply vanish and reappear somewhere else burning inside. Something he couldn’t do anymore. Something he might never be able to do again.
“I don’t know, Sam. Jack didn’t give me anything.”
Sam looked thoughtful as he said, “I don’t think this’ll be out last hunt.”
Cas smiled weakly at that. With a slightly nod, Sam clapped Cas on the shoulder, and finally left him alone.
He couldn’t stop himself from glancing into Sam’s room one day when they were gone. While Sam’s room was always barren, he was faintly shocked to see it was practically empty. The wardrobe, whose doors stood open, had nothing inside. Dean didn’t continue looking through.
His brother was quiet for a second, then his words came out in a rushed slur, “Sorry, Sammy. I’ll talk to you tomorrow,”
jealousy.”
But it matters. Dean takes another long drink from his bottle because it matters. It matters so much, and Dean doesn’t think he has much room in himself for anything else to matter at all.
“Sammy, I’m fine. Cas is fine. Everything is just fine, ok?”
“I love you both,” Jack said. Though he was only looking at Cas when he said, “I just want you to be happy.”
Cas glances down and wraps his hand back around Dean’s wrist where Dean still holds the bottle. Dean looks at the spot where their skin meets as Cas says, “I can feel it. Prayers aren’t just words. They can be feelings, emotions, desires.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The world is saved, everyone is back, Chuck is powerless, and their kid, their
This is when he should leave, right? Call a cab or simply crash in Baby’s back seat until he sobers up. This is when he would have left. This is when his dad, and later the ghost of his dad, would cast him a disapproving look. Dean would shrug it off as he’d leave the bar alone; he’s a charming guy just making friends. But his dad –
“Hm. It was wise of you not to bring, Sam. I fear he might not be up to task of killing demons just yet.”
As Jack stood, Dean broke out of his thoughts. He looked up quickly and said, “Can you remove it?”
“Yeah,” he says unsteadily, “How would you know?” Dean wanted that to sound aloof, distant. It just sounds desperate.
“But that was weeks ago now, Dean. And we won. Hell, we won for real this time. There’s not another apocalypse waiting to spring. Rowena is keeping all the demons in hell, Jack has all the angels back in heaven. Even the ghosts and monsters seem to be calming down. It’s just us and our lives now but you- “
Sam laughs slightly, “Yeah, ok.”
Cas falls into a thoughtful silence for a moment before he says, “You still haven’t told me what happened to Ruby.”
His gaze was intense, burning, and Dean held onto it like a lifeline.
Before Cas could ask, he heard Dean step into the kitchen behind him.
“Enough to know that you should head back home,” Jack answered Dean’s thoughts.
“Cas.” Sam said softly, lowing hers.
“Of course,” he answered mechanically.
Instead, he said, “I guess you know everything.”
“I wouldn’t normally but…” Dean could see Jack still scrutinizing him out of the corner of his eye, “Dean, what are you doing?”
The weed made him feel lighter and warmer, and when they boy had turned to look at him, Dean leaned in. A teacher found them like that. And the school had told John.
“That- Come on, you know that- “
When they pulled up at the bunker, Dean was hardly able to throw Baby into park. He left her running, abandoned Sam as his clamored out of the passenger seat, and sprinted to the front door.
“But then it kept coming. ‘N Cas was just going to let it ‘n I remembered the deal so, I- I grabbed him and I… said the worst lie I could think of.” Dean fell silent again.
That feeling lingers for the drive back to the motel. He sits in the parking lot for some time, before pulling away again to pick up some coffee.
He doesn’t deserve this.
It almost looked like Cas was sleeping. Like Cas was having a bad dream. Dean saw her take a troubled breath in, and that crease between her eyes somehow grew deeper.
Dean’s fist was still holding tightly to Cas’s collar, though Cas was more aware of Dean’s other hand, which was wrapped around Cas’s wrist.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
She looked up. Cas had turned back, she’d come no closer, but she turned back to face Dean.
Dean rises, figuring if he’s quick, he can get to the front door before she has a chance to lunge forward.
“I’m always armed.”
You could stay it struck like lighting but really it felt like thunder. It frightened him to some degree. This feeling that had curled up inside him, it’s something he’d never truly felt before. Something with a burning intensity akin to his love for Sam but so different. And much like his love for Sam, Dean knew it could – it would – kill him.
“Is it wise for you to be hunting without your brother?”
Something about the hangover headache, sunlight, and memories of the previous night leave him feeling off balance.
Cas shifts again and let’s go of Dean’s wrist. Dean almost reaches for him until he realizes Cas has seated himself beside Dean leaning against the log. Cas has pressed his shoulder up against Dean’s. Their thighs are so close, Cas’s is practically on top of Dean’s. And there’s so much warmth radiating from Cas, Dean leans into it. If he wasn’t already drunk, he’d be drunk on this, just touching Cas.
“Ok,” Sam says. Dean catches Sam holding his hands up in surrender and says, “I just wanted to check.”
And Ruby kept her word, cut Sam off. Even though Sam didn’t open up to Dean about it, he saw the signs of withdraw. His clammy skin and roaming eyes, the twitch, the sleeplessness, the erratic mood swings. They may be starting to fade, but Dean’s not letting Sam anywhere near a demon again for a long time.
Pain and rejection came strong enough to pull him back down, to cut him to the bone. It was like losing his wings, like, as Dean spoke, something vital was violently cut from Cas.
“Sam,” Dean returns.
Benny nods. “Your senses are kicking in, huh? Don’t worry, you ain’t got nothing to be scared of with me.”
Dean doesn’t stop walking until he’s pushed in between Marv and Lewis, which means he’s about three inches away from the director and looming over him in a way that could be threatening. That Dean hopes is threatening. Marv blinks, slow and toad-like. Too stupid or too arrogant to recognize the danger.
“Yeah?” Dean says. “You know much about being an omega, do you?”
Dean huffs and glares. Sam continues to loom, arms crossed.
“God, Cas,” Dean chokes out between heaving breaths and intermittent giggles. “That was a terrible idea. Couldn't you have waited until we made it to a bed?”
Garth looks as disappointed as Dean has ever seen him. “You couldn’t just give him another shot? He seemed pretty smitten. Second dates are…”
“You should probably get to know more people then.”
Cas blinks. And shivers. A tremor rippling through his body so hard that Dean feels his own heart stutter.
“Sure,” Dean says, placing his hand on the center of Sam’s chest. Cas’s dislike of Crowley is definitely starting to rub off on Sam whose face is thunderous. “The sooner we’re done, the sooner we can leave.” And boy, does Dean want to leave.
Sooner or later, Dean knows he’s going to snap. Or snap worse than he already has. Charlie wasn’t slow in telling him he was a dick to Benny so they’re barely talking at the minute. And Ash has gone and suddenly gotten himself engaged to a gorgeous alpha so he’s not around much either.
Ever since his mother got in touch, since the very first time Sam mentioned it, Dean has done his level best to avoid thinking about how this would go down. He’d hoped it would work out okay. Prayed that Sammy would find the answers he was searching for from a woman that the poor kid had no memories of. But he’d worried —rightly as it turned out— that it would all go to hell in a hand-basket. The one thing he’d counted on, though, was that no-matter what happened he and Sam would have each other’s backs.
“Is there no one you’ve met that you’ve liked?” Charlie continues. “Not a single alpha that you’ve scented and felt your knees go weak?”
“She was just surprised, I think.” Dean feels the need to defend Charlie. “I know she didn’t mean to upset me.”
you to be okay.”
Now that Dean can scent her, he knows that Charlie’s omega scent is as spicy as her ginger hair, but with an underlying warmness that makes Dean relax anytime she brushes against him. Her presence is comforting. She reminds Dean of Sam in a lot of ways, both with her sharp mind and her teasing. Sam, he suspects, would love her.
“You make me sound like your pet dog,” Cas mumbles.
“You’ll leave now before I lose my patience,” Cas says quietly, the intensity in his eyes, the deep growl of his voice, suddenly making it obvious to anyone with a brain that he’s far more dangerous than the overly-muscled security guard.
“Well, I’m sorry,” Sam says, although the stubborn pop to his words clearly contradicts that. “But, get this, Dean, Ruby says her cousin, Anna, went to a Den two years ago and her family never heard from her again! They told her parents she’d happily mated with an alpha but if that’s true why didn’t she get back in touch with any of her family?”
To be fair, Cas had crafted and installed some stunning kitchen units. It had taken him months, but the quality was amazing. And the oak kitchen table that he’d made was an actual work of art. While Dean was handy because he grew up in a variety of shithole apartments that were usually half-way towards falling down, Cas was just fucking talented.
“I'm not surprised. Drink your water.”
He tries not to compare the Joker and Alastair but the similarities are there.
“Right, Alfie. Are you and he… serious?”
“Sure,” Dean says. “Please stop fantasizing about Cas killing me. It’s creepy.”
Benny pinches Cas’ thigh. “What this smooth-takin’ angel means is no, we don’t.”
“I swear if you don’t start talking, I’m gonna…”
Dean does his best imitation of a goldfish. He’s not sure how he never knew that. He figures if his wife slept with her best friend’s husband, and her best friend, it’s something they maybe should have mentioned.
Over the past six months, the slow pace of living at the beach house has given him a honey-gold tan, and an abundance of freckles that are scattered across his nose and explode down over his shoulders and chest. So what if he doesn’t have a six-pack anymore, he actually thinks he doesn’t look half bad for a guy his age. He could do with a haircut though, he thinks running his hand through his hair. It’s not quite Sam levels of ridiculous but it’s getting kind of floppy and curling around his ears.
“Cas, swear to God, you suggest I’m heat addled right now and I’m gonna start swinging. Again. I’m in my right mind. And I fully consent to getting fucked senseless by you and your alpha mates. You asked me to join you, and unless you’ve changed your mind, my answer is yes. Hell yes.”
“I did bring it all the way out here from the kitchen.”
Lisa gulps and clutches Meg’s hand so hard that Meg yelps.
slowly works his way into an upright position while Cas disappears, hopefully, to fetch something that will put Dean out of his misery.
Dean ignores him and scrubs harder.
“Dean—“
Cas pauses and considers his answer before replying, his words slow and careful. “After what he did to you, I’d be lying if I said the thought of killing Alastair hadn’t crossed my mind. Repeatedly.”
“I ain’t exactly decided yet,” Dean admits. “Was thinking about it.”
Dean rolls his eyes, even as his heart sinks. He’d hoped his whole pathetic dramatics this morning had been forgotten.
“What?” Ash’s chin drops. “You’re a virgin, dude? But you’re so pretty!”
Benny curses up a wild storm that Dean didn’t think the gentle alpha was capable of. “You mean
Benny doesn’t look convinced. “You and Cas, you’re really just friends, huh?”
This isn’t what he wants. Not now. Even if his hedonistic dick disagrees.
Dean grumbles under his breath. He feels old enough without having to wear glasses. Divorced, backache, deteriorating eyesight, he may as well buy a cardigan, pipe, and slippers and wait for Death to come floating along with his scythe. He’ll keep on squinting for a while longer, thank you very much.
Dean takes a deep breath and tries not to lose his nerve. He’s given the grand total of one blow-job in his life… on a real dick at least. Lisa had a strap-on that they played with occasionally. She got a real kick out of seeing Dean on his knees with his mouth full.
Indeed, Gilda and Dorothy are heading their way. Charlie murmurs in his ear something that immediately lights his cheeks on fire, before winking lewdly and letting her new wives sweep her away.
When Cas takes control, rocks his hips, and slides his dick in and out of Dean’s mouth it’s one of the most erotic experiences of Dean’s life. And even though Cas is fucking his face, he’s more gentle, more careful, with Dean than Dean had been with himself.
“Perhaps,” Cas’s fingers still on the back of his neck and Dean can feel the hesitation in the question. “Perhaps talking to a therapist would help?”
The alphas aren’t unaffected. They can hear his labored breaths, see his flushed skin, doubtless smell his arousal building to a peak. Cain is managing to keep his composure well enough, or doing a good job of faking it, but Benny and Cas keep edging closer to Dean, noses in the air and bulges very obvious in their pants.
“This is it, my darling boy. This is the end. There are no heroes saving the day. No daring escape plans. No last-minute miracles. You’re going to die. Here. The light in those pretty green eyes is going to disappear forever and I’ll be the only one to witness it. Your protector, your friend, he’s too busy saving strangers to care about you.”
“You know, Dean,” Cas says, watching him with concern crinkling his eyes. “If you would start coming to my classes, it would help your back enormously.”
Dean looks out the window to where Cas is swimming laps in the pool. “Yeah, no. I don’t think so.”
Dean smiles, as reassuring as he can given how rough he’s feeling. “Change of plan, Max. Don’t worry about it. I’ll forward on the new schedule to the office now.”
“Good,” Cas says, fingers brushing down Dean's arm. “That’s good to know.”
Before Gordon can reply, or Cas can start on the lecture about toxic masculinity, Dean suspects he’s gearing up for, Benny returns with a tray full of shots and bottles of beer. “Everyone having fun?” he asks looking around.
“Why, Mr. Novak, are you asking me to marry you?” Dean teases.
“This is hell,” Cas says, staring out at the sea of people in pure horror.
“Of course she has,” Dean says. “She has paperwork for everything. I’m surprised I get to piss without signing my life away.”
Sam doesn’t sound sure, or look sure, not with the way he’s pacing their shared bedroom as Dean packs his bag.
“Come now, Dean.” Zachariah’s smile makes Dean’s skin crawl. “Preacher Uriel inviting you to his church can hardly be misconstrued as whoring you out. I’m doing my best to lead you onto a respectable path of —”
“You were gone. I came back and you were gone. There was another family in our home, the garage was closed down and you boys and John had just disappeared. And no-one could or would tell me where you were.”
“No, Dean,” Cas says, “but you are a successful and popular bisexual actor in a serious relationship with a man in America. You receive hate mail on a daily basis from small-minded bigots and religious groups. I’m afraid there are always going to be a certain amount of threats and security worries. Even without Alastair in the picture.”
He isn’t generally known as Mr. Sociable and attending a ‘mixer’ sounds like his own personal nightmare. And of course, he’s been on his suppressants and blockers for years. Coming off them isn’t something he’s looking forward to.
Charlie scrunches her nose up at him. “I was thinking more about all the amazing sex we’re going to have but I can see where your priorities lie.”
“I don’t want to cause trouble for Ellen.” Dean finally meets Benny’s confused look. “I don’t want to cause anyone trouble. Adler said if I went on a couple more dates with alphas who’ve paid to be on Ellen’s books then the welfare agents might leave her alone.”
Dean smirks. “Yes, dear.”
“As are mine,” Cas returns, with his usual calm tone. Dean wants to shake him until his placid facade snaps. “I made the kitchen cabinets you’re leaning on. The table your mug is sitting on. I spent as many hours here as you turning this ramshackle house into a home.”
“Then what?” Dean pushes. “What
Alastair smiles as he cleans the spunk from Dean’s belly with a small white towel.
Dean shrugs. “No point in us both being up so early.”
It’s a wonder they managed to wrap shooting without trading blows. Well, without publicly trading blows. There was a slight altercation behind the catering truck that the producers legally banned Dean, Marv and the handful of witnesses from talking about. But three weeks behind schedule and a million or two over budget, they had finished filming and Dean thought that was that... bar the awkward press junket when he would have to pretend to love the movie and not rant about how Marv the Moron had ruined an amazing character.
Although he was rather less experienced than Lisa had been. The wildest thing he’d done was trying on an ex-girlfriend’s panties. Something which he had kind of liked, but had never had the balls to try again. Or mention to Lisa.
“We’re good thanks, Ellen,” Sam says. “Busy as always. How’s business?”
“No, Dean,” Lisa says. “It’s not a joke. I’m in love with Meg.”
She’s tall, beautiful, and classy. And immediately stares at Dean as though he’s something foul that she’s just peeled off the sole of her Manolo Blahniks.
written crudely across the wall.
“Sure, you are.” Dean turns off the stove and looks dubiously at the blackened scrambled eggs stuck to the bottom of the pan before turning his head to look at Cas. Cas who is pressed to his side and who twists his head to glare back at him.
Ellen gives him a long look. “I trust that you
“Hey, it’s the Winchester bros,” Ash’s voice carries across the restaurant in greeting. So much for discreet. Thankfully the place isn’t busy, only a family and a few couples scattered through the room.
Dean’s stomach drops down to the worn soles of his sneakers.
“I don’t think so,” Cas says, stonily.
“You have to know who he is,” Cas says. “You would have googled him out of curiosity, surely? Made sure he was genuine, figured out his link to Dean?”
Cas makes a low grumble of protest. “I would not call this time of the morning perfect timing.”
“That’s my vodka,” Cas points out. “I’m not sure how something I paid for is a peace offering?”
“My job is to keep everyone safe. I told you, this ain’t a prison. I’m just chatting. You look like you need a friend.”
Dean’s not some dainty helpless omega but Uriel is a solid guy, and has the advantage of possessing an alpha’s strength. Dean bucks and swings wildly, but his struggles only succeed in infuriating Uriel more. There’s no one on the street to help or hear Dean’s shouts. Uriel hauls Dean down an alleyway to the side door of the church.
Metatron smirks. “Who else did you think it was?”
“I love you,” Cas says. “Every time I think I might lose you, it feels as though I’m free falling, in danger of crashing to the ground, losing everything. I don’t think you know how much you mean to me. How much I need you.”
Regardless, the only car Dean wants and needs is the Impala. Baby never has and never will let him down.
It’s not easy standing up to any authority figure. Not when they’re in control of your life. Sometimes you have no option but to shut up and obey orders if you want to survive.
Cain growls, but Benny’s hand is on his bicep, holding him back.
Dean throws his arm over his face and prays for a speedy death.
“So, I’m sorry,” Dean says. He knows it sounds grudging but suffering abject humiliation has a way of making him sound like a sulky four-year-old. “Didn't mean to spoil your night.”
“Don’t even pretend you don’t love Doctor Sexy, Cas.”
“Yin and yang,” she says. “It’s all about balance.”
“I am not a freaking virgin,” Dean snaps back at her. “I haven’t been a virgin since I was in high school. Not. A. Virgin.”
“The hell are you doing here?” Dean manages to ask. His tongue feels at least twice it’s normal size and, good god, what the fuck has he done to his back?
Dean shifts awkwardly in his seat. He does not want to have this discussion. And definitely not in public.
“But he could make trouble for Ellen,” Charlie says, her voice pitched low. “Dean…”
“And?” Dean says, unmoved. “There’s something else.” He knows a rambling half-truth when he hears one.
Idris slaps Dean on the back before heading off to his own trailer, while Crowley walks with Dean towards his. At the bottom of the steps he holds Dean back for a second, a hand on his arm.
going to talk about this later.”
“So, boys,” Crowley appears from nowhere, slinging his arm around Dean's shoulders. “We survived another battle.”
