"Yeah," Tony said. "That's not your call though."
"I was sitting in the aisle seat right next to the microphone," Lara explained. "I almost caught an elbow to the eye as they were escorting one of them out."
"Then skip the spinning rims. We're on the clock." Tony touched down on the landing pad, slightly relieved to be back on solid ground after spending an hour in the air with a – at this point – barely reliable suit. As the disassembly process began, Tony didn't take his eyes off Loki, who moved to follow him into the penthouse. Tony took a deep breath.
Just like he always wanted.
"I'm not joking either," Lara said. "He's not missing."
"You attacked Thor without securing Loki first?" Steve gawked in disbelief.
"Okay," Conroy said. "Seeing as you're using an actual airplane to get wherever you're going and not your fancy-smancy super suit, I'm going to assume that this 'something' has a name. You going to clue me in or do you want me to guess?"
Natasha nodded and thanked the woman again. The nurse then left without another word. Nat knew she should lie back down, but she couldn't. Instead, she sat on the edge of the bed and stared at Clint, who was fast asleep in the bed across from her. The vinyl panel that had separated the two haves of the room had been removed as Nat had already been exposed, so it wasn't like separating her from Clint would prevent anything. As a result, Nat had both an uninterrupted view of Clint and the rest of the room, and nothing blocking her from the guilt of the horrible acts she had almost done in his name. She looked down and took a deep breath before bringing her eyes back to Clint.
"If I could tell you, I would," he said. "But honestly, I don't think I know the answer to that question myself."
was the last thought that Tony had before he threw his arm over his eyes and fell asleep.
"Just barely," he said.
"This takes precedence," Coulson said.
"Yes, thankfully, just before…" She trailed off and looked down for a moment. Tony didn't need to ask what she meant. After a moment she lifted her head back up and looked Tony in the eyes. "The point is, there was nothing wrong with Steve, just like there's nothing wrong with you. You're not sick, you're not a bad person, and there is certainly nothing wrong with being who you are. Never let anyone change your mind about that. Not even your father." Tony nodded.
ruined."
"What about last week?" Steve went white as he realized where he had been going with that thought. "That's right, you're not going to say it. Not in front of all these people." Tony gestured to Fury, Natasha, and Thor, who were too busy with their own argument to take notice of what they were saying. "What are you so afraid of, Steve?"
"Why not?" Pepper raised an eyebrow.
"I don't want to say goodbye to Tony," Steve said. "Not now, not ever. I've known since we first met that I wanted to protect him. That's why I was so scared at first. I didn't want anything to happen to him because of my inclinations."
"And you're not planning on bringing him back to the tower?" It was then that Clint started to look guilty.
"Do you need help?" Steve asked.
"You don't
"Thank you, Conroy."
"What are you doing?" Steve asked.
"Birds aren't big enough to ride here," Tony looked up from what he was doing and chimed in.
"I have the time," Nina said. "Explain it to me."
it. That shouldn't have been possible. The Other shouldn't have been able to do that; his hand should have gone straight through the projection. Instead, it came to rest on his forehead, and when it did it felt like a thousand suns crashing together in a lightning storm inside of his skull. Never had he felt such pain, not even when he was put through integration. Loki's eyes tightened shut and he let out a scream of agony.
"And all these elements can be sold separately on the black market for a pretty penny," Bergeron said.
"You know, as a superior, you shouldn't rip things out of a subordinate's hand," he said. "Some might categorize that as assault." Pepper did not look at him, mostly because if she did, she probably would not have been able to hold back from rolling her eyes.
Around four o'clock Lara was starting to wrap things up for the day. She was trying to decide whether she wanted to stop and get something at Subway or wait until she got home and figure something out from there. Her thoughts were interrupted when her office's landline rang. She hit the speakerphone button as soon as it finished its first ring.
"From Stark?" Adoniram asked, pure astonishment leaking into his voice.
Knežević could feel his soul buzzing with joy.
And welcome back lovely readers! I would be nice and offer you a recap of what happened in this story since it's been forty-four days since I updated this fic and you've probably forgotten, but unfortunately, I'm not that generous. Go back and read it yourself, you lazy-ass!
"I'm sorry."
"Jury's out," Tony quipped while Bruce tried to get back to work. Tony turned his attention back to the other scientist. "You really have got a lid on it, have you? What's your secret? Mellow jazz, bongo drums, a huge bag of weed?"
"Okay," he said. "Sex is an entirely different conversation. One that I am more than willing to have, but still a different conversation."
get back together in our lab." With that, Hill turned and walked off.
Before it could fall to the ground, Tony swung back around and fired an explosive into a weak spot in the creature's armor. Steve quickly raised his shield and pulled Natasha down to cover them both from the explosion. Once it dissipated, they all quickly got to their feet and lined up in a back-to-back circle, ready for and expecting an enemy swarm to come down upon them in retaliation. Around them, they could all hear the Chitauri screeching in anger, but they were silenced when the Hulk let out a mighty roar.
"He can stay with me," Clint argued. "I mean, he's being a good boy right now. You're being a good boy, right?" The puppy expressed his agreement by licking Clint's cheek.
"This it?" Tony's vision was blurry, so he couldn't really make out the label, but the shape of the bottle seemed to be correct.
He leaned back in his chair and scrubbed his face with his hands. Now that he had been pulled out of the zone, he really did not want to get back into it. Sure, Pepper had just roughly halved his workload for him, but that did not really serve as any sort of motivation. It more just served to make him feel guilty that he was taking time out of her day to do his work when that was not her job.
"This is urgent," Coulson said.
"What happened to not talk about it?" Steve balked.
Gasping for breath, Lara looked around for her purse and found it resting by the front door. She grabbed it fast and pulled it over her shoulder. Taking a deep breath to calm herself, she didn't look up or behind her as she reached for the knob.
"Of course." Tony looked perplexed by the question. "Why wouldn't I be?"
"Then why has everything felt impossible since then?" Steve looked down.
"Oh my God," he said. "What happened?"
Well, Steve at least knew one thing for certain right there and then: he owed Nick Fury ten bucks.
"Is this something we need to worry about, though?" Bruce asked.
"Why are you looking so sad there Sara?" he asked. "Did you have something you wanted to ask Thor?"
"Can we slow this back down to normal speed?" With a few clicks, the concierge did as Natasha asked. "Thank you."
Pulling back, Steve could see tears rolling down Tony's cheeks, but they weren't Tony's. Steve reached up and wiped his eyes with the back of his glove. How embarrassing, but Tony didn't seem to care. In fact, Tony looked completely shocked. It wasn't about the kiss, though. As soon as Steve's lips had touched his he responded and kissed back. No, it seemed that he was shocked that he was still alive.
Natasha opened the cabinet up, and sure enough, there was an extra set of linens inside. She and Steve spread the blankets over Tony while he stared up at the ceiling. He felt like he was waiting for a bomb to go off. They were kind to him, but with the only outside witnesses gone, he knew they had no reason to keep up the façade. The yelling would start sooner than later, and Tony just wanted it to be over. It seemed like that was what was going to happen when Nat finished spreading the last blanket over him and crouched down beside him.
"No," he said. "But you deserve better than this."
"That's not what it translates out to." Obviously, Lara knew that.
The best he could offer was a version of the truth with key details missing. Although his resolution not to lie to Pepper had been broken and well stomped-on at this point, it still was something that Tony wanted to hold on to.
So, last chapter before the Hiatus. Here we go...
"Good," she said. "That's good."
"Lance, Miller, get him out of here." At Cabe's command, two men suddenly appeared beside Dante, both looking beyond intimidating. Dante did the right thing and took a step back.
get hit with trespassing and aiding and abetting the commission of a crime," he said. "But that would fall on the NYPD, not us."
"No," Pepper said. "No, it's not."
"I'm fine, Steve," he assured. "I promise you." Steve nodded in acceptance.
"Oh," he said, waving it off. "Don't worry, it's fine. It'll fade in a minute. What about you?"
"Let me just give everyone a head's up." Steve got up off the bed and started walking towards the door.
"Jacket," Steve listed off. "Socks, shoes, phone, credit cards, wallet…" Surprisingly Lara let out a breath that sounded slightly relieved.
. While Tony certainly could afford to pay for all six rooms for the rest of their natural-born lives, it wasn't exactly the best position to be in, especially considering they would have to pay for any damages the rooms took while they were there. If Tony got sick on the floor, he would have to pay for that. Again, it wasn't like he couldn't afford it – he could – but it was still a pain, especially when he could go to one of his own houses or apartments and not have to worry about paying for something of someone else's he ruined. (On that note, he was kicking himself for not investing in a place in D.C. Granted, before plans scrapped there was going to be another Stark Tower built in D.C. and if that had gone through he would have another apartment, but the Chitauri invasion happened, so it didn't. Story of his life.)
"Then what's the problem?" Stark asked. "You got what you wanted. Well, until Fury got desperate."
"She's alive," Nina said like it was nothing. Duran's mouth fell open.
his mind instantly supplied, much to his chagrin. Still, he had no idea where to take this. All he wanted to do was get out of the frying pan and ended up in the fire. …Actually, it would probably be more apt to say he got out of the fire only to end up in the frying pan, as his issues with Pepper were far less serious than his issues with Romanoff.
"I did find him eating out of a Lucky's Pizza box," he remarked.
Quickly, Pepper responded.
"The nightmares."
They managed to finish only a short bit later and sat down on the floor in the space that used to be behind the bar with their backs against the window. Both were silent, taking in the fruits of their efforts. Tony ran his foot along the indentation the bar had left behind on the floor. It wasn't that deep given that the bar had only been there for a few months, but it was still noticeable. Tony sighed.
"Yup," Clint said. "Powdered, processed, and ready to kill." As he was speaking, Clint felt some of the powder fly into his mouth. Thinking fast, he ran over to the sink and started trying to spit it up as best he could. "
"Yes," Tony said. "It's an electro-magnet powered by a miniature arc reactor. It keeps the shrapnel lodged in my chest from reaching my heart and doing any damage."
"Week and a half ago, I think?" He'd give her a more definite answer, but the pounding in his head wouldn't let him think further back than half a minute ago.
"No, keep it on," Steve said. "Maybe in a song or two it'll grow on me."
"I wanted to talk to you," Tony said. "Plain and simple."
. "Eight!"
"I don't have an attitude." Clint wanted to comment that she sounded like Lila when she threw a tantrum, but fear of prying ears held him back.
"I don't think I can be better," Stark muttered under his breath. "I've tried to be better, but I can't…" Carol knew that he didn't want her to hear that, but she did and wasn't going to let it slip by.
"Levels are holding steady," Pepper remarked as Tony came closer to her, not bothering to look behind her. "I think?"
Taking a short glance back at the lab, Steve allowed himself a moment to stop and think. As much as he didn't like it, Tony and Bruce had a point; S.H.I.E.L.D. was hiding something. Exactly what, he couldn't be sure, but there was only one way to find out. With that, Steve set off down the ship's corridor, away from the bridge. With no idea what he was looking for, he just kept his eyes peeled, looking for anything out of place or suspicious.
First, he was under strict bed rest. He was still recovering and too much exercise or strain could set his progress back immensely. That meant no training and no Avengers missions until a doctor cleared him, which Fury was sure to be thrilled about.
"I still don't see a point," Thor said. "Why construct such a vessel when you can easily get a bird to take you where you need to go."
"That's good," she said. "That means no one is dying, right?" Bruce hesitated. "Bruce…"
Remember kids, no matter how much the media tells you summer is the best season, don't buy into it! It's hot and miserable and if you don't like going to the beach, there really isn't much for you to do!
"Why shouldn't the guy let off a little steam?" Tony didn't notice that he had unconsciously put a hand on Steve's shoulder until the other man was batting it away.
He ended up not confronting her. At least, he was not going to right away. He was not rude to her either. Instead, he acted like it was just another day and went through his normal routine. It was the safest way he could see going about the situation. Romanoff just went with the flow and fulfilled her duties as needed. For the most part, things went smoothly on that basis. That was until the board meeting started.
"And I'm only just hearing about this now?" Pepper frowned.
"I better get going," she said. "My cat probably thinks I've abandoned him."
"Mon dieu!"
Those observations made sense. After all, she was fighting and rescuing people all the time. She was sure to get a few bumps on the head from time to time. The damage from alcoholism seemed accurate, too. Also, if she had to guess, she had gotten the abrasion on her hippocampus from the incident that gave her powers. It was all consistent with what she knew, but something about it… Something just did not feel right. She could not shake the feeling that there was something else going on, but for as much as she wanted to know, she also did not want to know. Whatever was lingering below the surface needed to stay there. After all, she couldn't save anyone if she allowed it to completely tear her apart and tear her apart, she was certain it would.
"He wouldn't be Tony if he didn't."
"Since this morning at least," Pepper said. "But I haven't seen him for a few days, so I don't know…" She looked over at Tony expectantly, but he let a couple of beats of silence pass before he spoke up.
"No," Knežević said. "I was hoping to get the five-finger discount instead." The woman eyed him with dazed confusion, but the look quickly snapped to fearful alertness when he reached over the counter and grabbed her arm.
"I'd be devastated, obviously," he said. "But I wouldn't hold it against him."
"Do after lunch," Tony said. "Like, one or so. If Barton and Romanoff haven't joined us by then, we can give them a quick rundown later."
"Try 0088229955," Knežević suggested.
That raised a huge question; how did they get a hold of such dangerous and deadly diseases? It could mean that the powder was fake, but that wouldn't explain all the effort they took to get around postal irradiation. It did cause the lipstick stain to make a little more sense, though, if they were using it as some sort of calling card.
Lara followed Lucy, glancing back only once to make sure Bruce would still be waiting for her. He was and had even moved to a spot close to the storefront. That eased Lara's mind a little. As she started to look away, however, she could have sworn that she saw Bruce's expression falter while he started to look up. She didn't give too much thought to it, though, assuming it just to be her an imagination.
"That might be true," Steve said. "But I don't want to violate Tony's privacy like that."
"You're fine," Bruce assured. "I'm not mad."
"So, you're saying that the Hulk…" Bruce sort of scoffed to himself. "The Other Guy saved my life? That's nice. It's a nice sentiment. Saved it for what?" Tony didn't even flinch as he maintained eye contact with Bruce.
"Exactly what I said. How are you doing?" Stark narrowed his eyes.
"I don't see how this is relevant to the conversation at hand." Pepper's attempt to get Schaffer to shut up was once again ignored.
"I'm still sorry for making you worry," Laura sighed.
As much as he didn't like hearing it, Steve knew Natasha was right. Tony would head straight for the bar. He was looking for alcohol while they were fighting the night before and he had made drinking a regular habit recently. It made Steve feel stupid. He knew this was a problem and let it go on for so long. Now, Tony was suffering for his failure to intervene. If this didn't make him the worst boyfriend ever…
"Do I have to?" Tony asked. "I mean, I know whoever you pick is going to be good."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Probably not," Freeman assured. "Miss Everhart is a professional. I doubt she'd take any personal problems she might have with Mr. Stark out on him or any of you for that matter."
"Not here!" Thor grabbed Loki by the shoulders and shoved him a few steps backward. "You give up the Tesseract! You give up this poisonous dream!" Thor's expression then softened a bit and put a hand on Loki's neck affectionately. "You come home." Loki sincerely looked into Thor's eyes.
"Because I'm not," Adoniram said, his firm tone unwavering. "I have a plan for this."
"You're not getting fired," he said.
Lara had come back from Target with a small plethora of board games including Scrabble, which she, Barton, Tony, and Steve were currently playing. Romanoff was acting as referee while Bruce was sitting this game out as everyone agreed it would only be fair to have one super-genius playing at a time. Though, it was becoming clear that Lara could probably easily compete with both Bruce and Tony at the same time. She didn't play the most difficult words, but she knew how to take advantage of the double/triple letter/word squares. She hadn't scored anything less than twenty points and was battling Tony for the lead. Steve was in third place while Barton was very decidedly last, as it seemed he was a phonetic speller. They were on their third game in about two hours, not that anyone had noticed the passage of time yet.
"Yes, I actually went," he confirmed. "Trevor needs you to look at the books again." Lara did nothing to hide the annoyed look on her face as she started to slip her shoes off.
"Whatever it is, it can wait until later," she said. "What matters now is that you're not going to the State of the Union. I'm not going to let you."
. He couldn't know for sure and those thoughts spun around in his head, churning up fear and anxiety from the deepest, darkest parts of his mind – parts he only learned existed recently. It was disorienting and the longer it went on, the more lost he felt.
"Yeah, I did," he admitted. "I'm also not surprised at all that you're the one voicing this to me. Suspicious is your middle name."
"Any chance I had with you," Tony clarified. "First with almost kissing you last week, then with all this fighting… God, the fighting… I'm so sorry Steve. I didn't mean any of that stuff I said either. I was just so mad and hurt..."
"Then why'd you come charging out the door when I tried to open it?" Bruce's question made Lara turn around.
"Then what's going on?"
"Is there anything…" Tony looked up as the woman's voice trailed off. "Oh my God…"
to make that idea a reality went beyond the bounds of human astonishment. However, did make an effort to emphasize that he was still working on the basic levels of coding and it would probably be years before he'd even be close to having an alpha version to test out. That seemed to quell the concerns of the other Avengers – at least for now – but the possibilities were practically buzzing through Bruce's mind. He was planning on pulling Tony aside as soon as the meeting ended to continue discussing the possibilities, but as soon as he stepped out of the meeting room and into the kitchen, his attention was taken by someone else.
"Really?" she questioned. "Because when we came back, you were already half-passed out. I cannot imagine what would have happened if you went down all those stairs.
Pulling as many baddies as he could to his tail, Tony corkscrewed around the building, waiting for the Quinjet to get into position. As soon as he saw Clint and Natasha lining the plane up several blocks down, he sharply turned and sped across the Park Avenue Viaduct, the trail of Chitauri following closely behind. As they passed the outer façade of Grand Central Station, the jet opened fire on the alien invaders with a hidden rail gun, taking down almost every one of the creatures. Before anyone could think of celebrating, JARVIS' voice came through the speakers of the suit.
I have to be grateful for." He inclined his head to the two women behind him. "Sister Alpha, Sister Beta, show her what you can do and don't hold back." The two women stepped forward. Carol didn't even flinch.
"The cell was just in case…"
"Well, you try being stuck in a bed with nothing to do," Clint said. "Your brain turns to mush faster than you'd think."
Steve nodded silently, and Tony turned back to what he was doing. Steve knew he should say something to Tony, but at the same time Steve was aware that what Tony said was true; time was of the essence. They could deal with their petty problems once they found the Tesseract, but if Tony honestly thought that they were going to go their separate ways, well, he was terribly mistaken.
"It seems to run on some form of electricity." What else did Tony expect him to tell him?
"Can I ask you a question?" Stark shrugged.
"Oh, I know," Tony said. "But I can get your phone to block calls from another, specific phone. That way they can't use something like WhatsApp to message you anonymously or try to mask their phone number."
"That reminds me," Knežević said. "You didn't tell me how you were planning to get around the guards and cameras."
"Oh." He guessed that made sense.
"Ten bucks says your wrong." Steve said nothing as he walked across the room and picked up one of the punching bags, intending to take it with him back to his apartment. If he couldn't get any peace here, he might as well go back home. "There's a debriefing packet waiting for you back at your apartment. Is there anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now?"
…Except for the bottle of mouthwash on the counter next to the sink.
"Well since Lara is the biggest Queen fan I happen to know; I would say probably yes." Carol let out a breath of relief.
She followed Freeman to the dining hall. She knew it would be hard to keep him from recognizing her. The best she could do was slide into a seat and pretend to be perusing the cocktail menu. She'd like to be more covert, but she could make do. She'd done more with less.
"I wish," she said. "My cat, Telemachus, hates dogs. He'll scratch his eyes out before he even knows what's coming. However, in lieu of official adoption, I wouldn't mind being considered his unofficial dog mom."
"I don't know how to explain it," Natasha said. "But something about her just seemed so unsure as she was speaking. She tried to hide it under a tone of confidence, but it was still an apparent façade."
"Well, you definitely have a strep infection. The least I can say is that." Her brown eyes scanned the area inside his mouth with close precision. "Your tonsils are so swollen, I'm surprised you can even still talk."
"Stark?" Lara rolled her eyes.
"You don't know that," Tony said. "You can't know that. You didn't see the way he looked at all." Steve moved his hand so that way his and Tony's fingers were more firmly interlocked and gave it a squeeze.
"Oh, that's just brilliant!" he said. "He's doing all of the hard work for us! Pretty soon, we won't need to do anything! He'll self-destruct on his own and take the Avengers down with him! Oh, it's perfect!"
"I went to get drinks with him, yes," Natasha said. "But on the way to the bar, I confronted him about how much he was drinking."
"Where is the Tesseract?" Thor demanded.
Instantly Tony was sitting up and trying to get a better look at the object held in Clint's arms. Sure enough, it was a puppy.
Agent Duran watched Oswin carefully through the glass. Just two hours after she disappeared from the scene of Nina's death, she reappeared in the home of Tony Stark, having practically trashed the place. As far as the police could tell so far, she hadn't taken anything from the house. They patted her down twice; once before they loaded her into the police car and once after she arrived at the station. They didn't find anything on her other than thirty-seven cents and a department store dye pack attached to the dress she was wearing. Yet another charge they could add to the ever-growing list.
Steering her mind away from such dour thoughts, Natasha tossed the magazine back at Clint and nudged him with her foot. He playfully smacked her on the leg, which caused her to respond with further attacks by her feet. Very loudly, the concierge cleared his throat and gave the two of them a stern look. Nat let out a chuckle while Clint pushed her feet out of his lap. She couldn't help but think that what she said to Loki all those months couldn't ring any truer than it was now. Love was for children and she and Clint got on like toddlers at best.
Stark and Clint, but I can't. We must wait this out."
he thought.
"He slept with her three years ago," she said like it was nothing. Lara's eyes went wide.
Steve thought.
"You mean it?" Steve smiled.
"Seriously?" she asked.
"Is it far?" she asked.
"S.H.I.E.L.D.?" Pepper questioned.
"Right," Lara said. "I'll call Jane Watts, too; make sure we have all our bases covered."
Tony Stark. Stark Industries? Stark Expo? The Tony Stark gay sex tape?" Carol shook her head. "He threw a nuke into space. You had to have heard about that."
"I don't," Lara said. "That's why I don't want to have to call a cab. I'm not going to lead a stranger to my home at this time of night."
"A little bit." Tony couldn't tell if Natasha was patronizing him or was being genuine. He found himself hoping for the latter instead of accepting the former. "Maybe it would help if you told us what you usually think before you start drinking."
"Yeah," Tony agreed. "In fact, the first thing I wanted after I came back from Afghanistan were these cheeseburgers."
"Alright," she said. "I'll admit that I didn't like that she did nothing to stop you when you threw that crazy party…" Tony winced slightly at the memory. "…But outside of that she didn't do that bad of a job."
"Like crippling depression and bad decisions." She shrugged. "Eh, can't smell it now." She then started to walk down the hall again. Tony made sure to keep a couple of paces behind her.
"Nicole Ritchie, Robin Williams, Stephen King…"
"Is there anyone else you can hand this off to?" Pepper asked.
"Alright." Tony started gesturing to the laptop. "Can you get this out of my face now?"
"I don't know," she shrugged. "Thirty, forty minutes?"
"Tony," she said in the gentlest voice she could. "You said before that you 'didn't know what you were.' What did you mean by that?" Tony looked away. Peggy started to rub her hand soothingly across his back. "I'm not going to get you into trouble, I swear on my life." After that, Tony couldn't stop it. It just came tumbling out of his mouth. The only thing he could do was squeeze his eyes shut.
"The Calvary?" Natasha questioned. "I thought she quit field work after what happened in Bahrain."
Seeing as breakfast went by without incident and he managed to get dressed without decapitating himself, Tony quickly concluded that the fates probably had it out for him. That wasn't surprising, but still he wished something in the universe would go his way for once. Then he remembered that he probably got that with Steve and he shouldn't be complaining. Regardless, it did nothing to quell the dread that had been growing in his stomach over the past twenty-four hours.
"No," he said. "He's healthy as far as I know."
"It's not really so much of a promotion for him as much as it is an opportunity for us." Salinas' eyebrows knitted together.
"Captain Rogers, I assure you, your blood will be in safe hands." Steve's doctor – Dr. Fox – had an irritated note in his voice, which was nothing new, but hearing it directed at Steve ground against Tony's nerves a bit. "The serum is far too diluted in your system anyway. It would be impossible to separate it out, so you have nothing to worry about."
"Well, thank you for your kind patronage," Viv said. "It's not every day we receive such a generous donation."
"Yes, please," Natasha said.
"Semantics," he said. "But okay."
"You're welcome."
"I have no idea," Lara said. "I can't tell you why he feels the way he does. I just do what he says."
"Nope," Natasha said, popping the "p." "This thing's a hundred percent man-made."
"Yeah, I'm sure," he said. "Why wouldn't I be? Come on." He patted the seat again. "Sit down. I only bite when provoked."
"Yeah, but honestly I hope that they got slowed down for the same reason I am."
"What's his dad's name?" he asked.
"Definitely." Well, technically her enhancements from the Red Room might save her there, but she might as well give Stark the comfort of being in the same boat as her. "That's not going to stop us from drinking it, though."
"Then I'll take the Anacin then." That kind of seemed like his only option.
"That's Gabrielle Giffords," Tony explained. "She was a Congresswoman. Someone tried to kill her last year. I think she was shot." Steve's eyes went wide for a moment, but quickly relaxed into a look of sympathy as he turned to look at Giffords. If he wanted to say something, he couldn't, as the President began to speak.
"Put on the suit," Steve said again. "Let's find out."
"Well, can you at least tell me what it was about?" Tony shook his head again. "Why not?" Tony tried to stay silent, but the pressure he felt on his chest was overwhelming.
"I really need to do something about that," he sharply remarked. Steve patted his shoulder.
Technically it wasn't as much a birthday party as it was a political brown-nosing festival, but Tony still got a cake (albeit a small slice of carrot cake) so he supposed that counted.
"Ugh," Lara groaned. "I thought they got rid of *67."
"Do you need me to do anything?"
"The powder was active when the letter was opened." Bruce's expression fell.
"Then you don't need me to pressure you into giving answers you might not be able to give," Steve said. "Just tell me what you know right now, up front. If you don't want to say anything, it's fine." As much as Tony would have liked to stay silent, he still felt as though he owed Steve an explanation.
"Well no, you don't get exclusive access to the White House." Tony mock pouted. "But you do get exclusive access to things that no one else does." The pout turned into a smirk.
"Hey," Steve responded. "How are you feeling?" Tony frowned.
"Okay."
"Okay, well, I know not to hire that interior designer again." Clint huffed.
"Sure, you weren't," Lara said. "Whose underwear are these, then? Because I know they're not mine."
"What did you do?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Remember kids, pay attention to what you're doing and always make sure you're not forgetting anything.
He didn't know what happened when Loki touched the scepter to his heart, but whatever it was it felt amazing. With just that one touch he felt as though he gained all the knowledge in the universe at once, and all that knowledge was telling him that he must serve Loki, so that's what he did. He only thought of serving Loki, and if his thoughts began to stray from that purpose or doing what Loki asked of him, he would relive that whole nightmare scenario all over again. He'd run to the house, see it blow up, know that Laura and the kids were gone, find Nat, and then… Then it'd be Budapest all over again. Then he'd be set on the right path and continue to do as he was told; no questions and no resistance.
"…That you had sex with?"
"I look forward to it," he said.
"Did what?" Oswin played the fool flawlessly.
Then a low, yet deafening bang reverberated through the area.
"You have heart," the intruder remarked. Clint wasn't sure how to take that, but he didn't have time to as the man touched the tip of the scepter to his chest, just above his heart. Everything went black.
"Your right," he said. "It's more likely she and Barton would stage a heist at the nearest Staples." Pepper let out a short snort of a laugh.
"Yeah." Steve didn't realize how close he was to drifting off himself until he heard the tired edge to his voice.
"Then I won't," Steve said. "I'll just help." Tony's lips quirked upright.
According to Tony, Stane had been one of the more homophobic members of his father's circle, often making jokes that upset Tony when he was younger, but now just irritated him as an adult. While Tony did not think that Stane would be openly hostile to him if he came out about his sexuality, he still clearly feared his reaction.
"I'm serious," Tony said. "I mean, I know it isn't exactly the Palace of Versailles in here up here, but there are plenty of furnished rooms and fully-stocked kitchen downstairs. It's still not like we're suffering here.
"Yeah," she said. "I've only been hitting up jewelry stores and banks for a few months, but I've been stealing ever since I was a little girl. I guess you can say I'm a bit of a kleptomaniac."
Natasha took the paper and started to scrutinize it. Steve even walked up behind her to try to catch a glance over her shoulder.
"You're right," he said. "I don't, but I do know that Barton's a lot tougher than we probably give him credit for. A man who can stand shoulder-to-shoulder with gods and monsters would have no trouble getting over a simple bug." Tony snorted in disbelief.
Stuffing the belts into her purse and reaching back to feel if the knife was still in her back pocket, Lara felt confident she was prepared enough. The only thing she was missing was her cell phone, which she quickly retrieved from where she left it on the table in the living area. Tapping the screen, she wasn't surprised to see that 911 had hung up on her. She wasn't too angry about it as a huge emergency response was amassing outside and there were likely gunshots heard after the police squadron was likely ambushed by those two agents, resulting in several people calling 911 and them needing to free up the line, but still, hanging up on someone was probably the last thing you should do as a 911 operator. Shrugging that aside for the moment, Lara opened her phone and sent another text message to Tony.
"No," Tony shifted so he was sitting up. "You're good."
Eventually, they came to a set of steps which floated in mid-air and led up to another rock, upon which Loki could see that a throne had been erected and a rather large one at that. Slowly, the creature dragged him by the hair up the steps. He made sure to jerk him as hard as possible and Loki fought as hard as he could not to cry out or flinch. Eventually, Loki was deposited on the ground in front of the throne. Loki knew he couldn't stand, so he mustered up all his strength to turn and look towards the throne. There, he saw the dark-robed creature kneeling in front of the throne, which appeared to be capable of turning in any direction as it was currently facing the galaxy beyond them.
"Yes," Tony said. "And I can see that everyone in this room is taking it seriously, especially
Recounting that step in her mind, Oswin realized that it might be a little too late for that, so she just decided to skip that one and go on to the next one.
"I know," Tony said. "And I will fight it if they try something, but still, it's nice to get the warning, even if it isn't surprising…" Rhodey nodded, fully knowing that there were people at Stark Industries who had wanted Tony gone from the moment Howard Stark was officially declared dead. They would use any means they thought possible to try to get him out of the position of CEO and would not hesitate to use his sexuality against him, no matter how illegal or immoral it was. Rhodey truly felt for him on that.
Steve managed to pull the covers back one-handed and lower Tony into the bed. Making sure to spread the blue blanket – which had somehow become Tony's favorite over the last few weeks – over him first, he pulled the covers back over him, tucking him in and pressing a quick, chaste kiss to his lips. Both smiled.
"Don't get video games, Lara," Bruce said. "We shouldn't be screwing around with the configurations of the hotel's TV. Stick to board games."
"Valium?" Steve questioned.
"Of course not," Lara said. "I'll go to Union Station. I remember the mall there had an ice cream place and they're bound to be open 24/7."
"Just don't spend all your time screwing each other," Lara warned. "I do
Thank you to mfaerie32 for the reviews and The Other Jet Engine for the favorites and follows! You guys rock!
"And you're sexy." Ordinarily, that would get a reaction out of Steve, but this time he just stared at his boyfriend. "What? I thought we were stating the obvious."
"Again, I have to say it's an honor to meet all of you," he said. "I'm sure many of my constituents would not be alive today if it wasn't for your efforts."
"Sir, we have a potential missing person situation here," Natasha said. "We're not going violate any of your guests' privacy. We just want to see one video clip from one particular time frame. That's all."
"That was me, getting information," she said. "What else could it be?"
"And?" Pepper asked.
One of them was Steve's internalized homophobia. Although all things considered, Steve was rather accepting of his own sexuality, growing up in the 1920s and 30s hadn't done him any favors. At that time, bisexuality and homosexuality were considered diseases to be cured, sometimes in the most horrific ways possible. If you were gay or bi, chances were you'd be locked up in an insane asylum, never to see the light of day again. Men didn't date men, women didn't date women, and gay marriage was a joke at best. This was the reality Steve was raised under and still at times seemed to be the only one he could comprehend.
"Captain Danvers," Carol corrected. "Not
The whole thing was surreal. No one ever expects to see themselves in a museum, and they certainly don't expect their exhibit to be dedicated "in memoriam." There were dozens of items locked in glass cases and numerous framed photographs lining the walls. Each member of the Howling Commandos had their picture on the wall with a small biography on a golden plaque underneath it. Steve skimmed through all of them, but his eyes lingered on Bucky's for just a moment too long.
"Go slow," he advised.
"That's something you don't see in the history books," Tony remarked. "How did you start?"
Given the large media presence, Tony instructed the S.H.I.E.L.D. driver to pull into the parking garage underneath the Tower, rather than dropping them off out front. They passed dozens of flashing lights and reporters with microphones screamed at them as they ran at the car, but once they were past the security gate, there was no longer anyone on their tail. Both Steve and Tony thanked the S.H.I.E.L.D. driver as they got out of the car, and Tony felt a little guilty that he couldn't tip the guy or even at least reimburse him for the fee he was going to have to pay to leave the parking garage. However, it couldn't compare to the guilt he was feeling for leaving his cellphone on the charger in his room.
"True enough," he said.
"Are you in charge of this investigation?" he asked.
"Most of these are pre-taped, right?" Tony asked. Lara nodded.
"Yeah," Lara said. "I guess. Does it matter?"
"Are you okay?" Pepper asked.
"You realize I can lose my job for this." Natasha nodded.
"There has to be something, though," Steve said. "Something I'm not seeing. Something you're not seeing. Just… Something." Tony frowned.
"Do you mind if I come in?"
"The first time you poisoned yourself," Natasha pointed out. "You only have yourself to blame for that."
"You should thank me," Loki said with a bit of strain in his voice. "With the Bifrost gone, how much dark energy did the Allfather have to muster to conjure you here, your precious Earth?" With that, Thor dropped his hammer and pulled Loki to his feet.
"Also, do me a favor and call Pepper," Tony requested.
"Right," she said, drawing out the word. "If that's all, I would suggest you two get to work, and, you know,
"Probably not," Steve frowned.
"Uh," Freeman's voice came out slowly. "I am being advised by Miss Cabe here to get off the stage before I'm forced off, so I'm just going to go ahead and do that. Taking over the microphone from me will be Stark Industries CEO, Miss Virginia Potts. Uh, Miss Potts."
"Do you want anything to eat or drink?" Rhodes shook his head.
"Yes, I have those," Subarian said. "Of course, I have those, but they're not miracle cures!"
"Quite a few," Rawls said. "Certain pesticides, arsenic, benzene…"
"Uh…" He felt Steve's thumb gently start to rub circles through the back of his t-shirt.
"You did when you gave me the key." Tony sighed, having seen that coming from a mile away and started drifting towards the coffee maker.
That left Lara, Bruce, Clint, and Natasha to explain the events of the night to Commander Hill. Lara explained what had happened at the party and when she went to do wakeup calls that morning. Clint and Natasha picked up when they were alerted to the situation. Hill listened intently and didn't interrupt. There was a glaring gap in their story – what had happened when Steve and Tony had left the party – but none of them were able to fill it. Lara was able to give the vague explanation that "they had a fight and Tony snuck out sometime during the night," but that was it. They could only assume what had happened until Steve was present to fill them in. Until then, they could only speculate and turn their attention to other matters.
Please don't kill me! I still haven't seen the new Spider-Man movie yet! You can't kill me before I get the chance to cry about Tony being dead for two hours! *Sigh* I really need to stop torturing characters like this...
His stomach was starting to feel a bit better. Granted he did experience a setback in drinking the expired apple juice the night before. By the time he finished talking to Happy and Pepper and went to tell Steve what he decided on, his still-recovering stomach decided that it didn't like what he had done to it and inflicted the worst pain imaginable onto him. Nonetheless, Tony was not deterred from talking with Steve and managed to get him to a point where at least it seemed like he understood. That was a load off his mind considering that his next biggest issue was that he was completely unable to eat.
Rhodey shut the door behind her, knowing that the biggest thing Tony needed right then was privacy. Sauntering over to the man's bedside, Rhodey noticed that Tony would not look up at him and that was not a good sign. Realizing he was going to have to be the one to break the ice, Rhodey took a deep breath and kept his tone of voice careful.
After a few moments, Knežević heard the distinct click of the front door unlocking. His heart leaped as the door opened, the lights flipped on, and two sets of footsteps walked across the hardwood floor.
"I mean
Gently gripping the edge of the waistband on both sides, Tony looked up and met Steve's eyes. God, he loved how flushed and breathless he looked. Steve panted a few times before he found himself able to speak.
"Awe, that's a shame," Steve said. "Good thing I still owe you one." Tony's face lit up with interest, much to everyone else at the table's chagrin.
"We've made some mistakes along the way." Mistakes were an understatement on both potential fronts as to what Fury was talking about, but Steve managed to keep that thought to himself. "Some, very recently." That caught Steve's attention and he glanced up for a second from unwrapping his other hand to see that Fury had a file in his hand.
"What's the square root of pi?" Tony narrowed his eyes at Pepper.
"Yeah," the frog-man had said. "That happens to everyone the first time. With practice, you can probably control it. I don't know. I haven't experimented with it." Tarquan gave the frog-man a disdainful look. Once again, the frog-man laughed. "Alright," he said. "But you have to agree that there's a whole lot of information on that thing. Information on things like 'how to start a society' and 'how to make a barren planet livable'. Even if not, you defiantly saw the rise and fall of at least a few groups. You can learn from that. Not make the same mistakes."
"That's all?" Tony nodded. "Well, what was the joke?" Tony shook his head.
The most unsettling smile appeared on Adoniram's face.
"Thank you, Rhodey," he said.
"It's in your nature," Coulson said.
"How much has he had?" Steve didn't seem too shocked at the inquiry.
Duran ran back over to Nina, who at this point had completely turned to solid stone. She could see that the woman's brown eyes were twitching away in her crystal skull. Whether this was some neurological reaction or Nina was still alive in there, begging for help in the only way she could was unclear to Duran. She felt a pang of guilt run through her chest and couldn't help but mouth the words "I'm sorry" to the helpless woman. She turned and looked away before Nina's eyes stopped moving.
"Did she tell you anything about her past?" Natasha asked. "How she got her powers?" Tony bit his lip.
?" Tony winced a little bit. Just saying "no offense" didn't automatically make a comment non-offensive. Nevertheless, Tony graciously decided to let it go, mostly because he felt too horrible to think of a good comeback.
"Loud and clear, Sir." Tony let out a breath of relief he didn't know he'd been holding. "I feel it is imperative that I inform you that armed intruders…"
"I've already saved it in my contacts," Bruce confirmed.
"Nothing," Steve said. "Just wondering if you're okay."
"But he would for you," Rhodes said. "I don't doubt that for one second." Steve nodded, a tight warmth growing in his chest.
"No, not at all." Tony flipped the lights on (which felt like electric daggers going through his eyes) and stepped aside to let Pepper in.
The kitchen was in the very back of the house. Walking in, Carol saw Jessica sitting on a barstool at the counter. The way her ponytail was lopsided and the fact that she was rubbing the sleep from her eyes told Carol that Jess had almost dozed off, too, likely while she was making phone calls since she still had her cell phone in hand. She became more alert when she saw who Carol had with her.
"The table's yours as long as you like," the waitress said. "Nobody's waiting on it." At this point, Steve decided to take a glance at her nametag. Beth. She seemed nice enough. Steve noted that and put in a few more dollars for a tip. "Plus, we've got free wireless." She added as she started to walk away. Steve's brow furrowed with confusion.
"Infiltration is going well," she said. "They've assigned me a mission."
"It's Barton," Fury said. "He took out our systems. He's headed for the detention level. Does anybody copy." Natasha's hand went to her earpiece.
"Uh," Rhodes said. "Let's just say people weren't as progressive about the issue twenty years ago as they are now. I think certainly he would have gotten a more positive reception for coming out. Although, the way he came out still probably would have been a train wreck…"
"I was just shaking the envelope a little bit," Betty explained. "Trying to get a little more of the powder to look at. Instead, this came out." She opened her clenched fist, revealing a thin strip of cardboard with a shiny coating. Bruce's eyes went wide.
"Could they?" Subarian.
As they were stepping out of the hallway into the lobby, Maria Hill was entering the hotel through the hotel's front doors, wearing a heavy winter jacket over her normal S.H.I.E.L.D. uniform. The four Avengers rushed out from behind the counter to meet her.
"That is to make sure you don't try to escape again," she said. "The waist restraint makes sure you don't get up, the wrist restraints make sure you don't try to pull out your IVs, and the mittens make sure you don't try to undo the wrist restraints. They're also very effective in making sure that newborns and psychiatric patients don't try to scratch themselves." Tony tried hard to communicate two words in one glare. It seemed to work because the next thing the doctor said was "I'll tell a nurse to switch you to a nasal cannula. You'd waste a lot less energy saying the actual words than you are glaring at me like that."
"Okay," he said. "But if you really can't hold it back, say something." Much to Tony's surprise as they came to a stop inside the elevator, he felt Steve's lips press against his cheek.
"Can I ask one thing, though, if it's not too much?"
"Alright then," Maria said. "Just hold on a minute while I pull up Google."
"Well," Tony finally said. "There is some precedent for it."
"Yes," she admitted. "Though it wasn't my intent to trick you. I just want you to feel safe discussing your emotions with me."
"Steve," Tony said. His hand reached out to give Steve a comforting touch, but he couldn't quite reach from his position in the hospital bed, so he just settled for brushing the tips of his fingers over the top of Steve's hair instead. "It's alright. I know." Steve's veins ran cold.
"Yeah, yeah," Tony assured. "I put down the drinking. Don't worry." Pepper nodded, relieved.
As soon as she landed, Oswin forced herself to stand. She tried to assess her injuries, but that ended up being a little harder than she expected. She could still see, stand, and breathe, but she couldn't hear anything, nor could she feel any part of her body. For a second, she feared that she had died and was now a ghost but quickly dismissed the idea as ridiculous.
"Worse," was the only response she could think to give for a few moments. She pulled herself together long enough to say "keep him there. I'll talk to him." She then hung up the phone and sprinted for the stairs. The elevator would take too long.
Turning around, Clint sat back down on the spot on the tile floor he had been occupying before. Pulling the laptop up into his lap, he gave Laura a full view of the puppy.
"Oh, she was shooting him death-glares the entire rest of the meal," Tony said with laughter clear in his voice. It made the corners of Steve's lips rise upwards even though he was chewing his food.
"You see, Miss Donovan, the tenants of understanding are simple," Adoniram explained. "In order to have peace, you must have freedom. In order to have freedom, you must have strength. In order to have strength, you must have peace. These three tenants come together to form the basics of human understanding and once humans understand, then stable communities can be built."
"Top floor with Steve and Pepper," Bruce reported. "They're probably talking logistics for tomorrow."
qualified for the position. We went over this last time."
"Because she can see me, even when no one else can." A sad, but a sentimental smile appeared on Knežević's face. He poured them two more drinks.
Originally posted to FFN on 6/21/19.
"I don't know," he said. "Just something to help Tony."
"You've used it before?" Tony asked.
People finally seemed to get the message then and began to disperse. Lara, meanwhile, calmly made her way to the elevators. Once inside, she stuck her electronic key into the control panel and hit the hidden button for the penthouse. Hopefully, Tony wouldn't be too angry.
"Given that it is in the new health and safety protocols that yourself and Miss Potts put in place that I am to ensure that you have slept a minimum of six-hours for every twenty-four you've been awake, I would have to say so." Tony groaned again.
"Your friend took
"Mission report." His tone was spiked with the tiniest bit of annoyance at the slight. "How is the infiltration plan proceeding?"
Once all the samples were taken and they finished their food, they were led down a long, isolated hallway. The florescent lights illuminated the bare white walls to be startlingly bright, making it impossible to see and seem like the space went on forever. Eventually it came to an end with a set of grey double doors and a doctor clad in protective gear. Despite the grim situation, he greeted them with a handshake and a smile.
"How do you not know where that is?"
"No, it's not what you think," Dante tried to say. "I wasn't cheating on you."
to do anything."
that? The Peggy he knew was a woman of her word. She would never,
Carol took a step forward and Tony followed. It was difficult, given that he was still ridiculously off-balance, and he felt like he was walking on pins and needles, but he managed to do it. With Carol's help, he slowly made it across the room and out into the hallway. At one point, Fury complained that they were taking too long and asked why Carol didn't just pick Tony up and carry him to the car. Carol shot Fury a look and he didn't say anything further; just let Carol and Tony continue the same slow path.
"What's wrong?" she asked. "I wasn't expecting you this early."
"Victorville?" Duran questioned. "Isn't that a low-security facility?"
"Should've known." Tony sucked a breath in through his teeth.
"I don't know," she said. "I just know that I want this to be over." Lara shut her eyes and rested her head against her knees. Bruce put a hand on her shoulder comfortingly.
"I didn't start feeling bad until I stood up," he said. "It's probably just from being inactive for so long." That made sense. Natasha sighed as she sat down on the edge of the bed.
it right now. Instead, he buried his face further into the crook of Steve's neck.
"He's showing signs of waking up," Hill supplied. Tony stared at the man on the other side of the glass. He was as still as a statue and looked as perfectly serene as he did when Tony first arrived.
"Bye." Tony hit the end call button and slipped the phone back into his pocket.
"Um…" she giggled. Even though she was beyond drunk, the distinct tones of either an English or Australian accent marked her voice. "I think I'll have a vodka martini with a twist."
Glancing over at Tony, Steve saw that he was still fast asleep, using his arm as a pillow. At some point during the conversation, Tony had drifted off. Steve didn't try to move Tony off his arm or wake him up. He just let him sleep. That didn't help anything as far as the things he
"See you at dinner." With nothing else to say, she left the room, gently shutting the door behind her.
"What happened to it?" Hill asked.
Checking the caller ID, Bergeron noticed that the number was way too long to be coming from the United States. Hoping this was the break he'd been waiting for, Bergeron answered the phone.
to do that!"
"Hey, don't worry," she said. "I'm sure you'll think of another one."
Clint tried to punch Natasha in the face, but she blocked him with her arm. When he tried to take another strike at her, she grabbed his arm and kneed him in the stomach. When he started going down she held on tightly to his arm straining it to the point where it could dislocate. Natasha didn't care if it did or not if she could get him to stop without killing him. They could handle any unintended consequences later.
"Seriously?" he questioned.
"Actually, once you're done doing this, can you go and get Clint? He needs to hear this, too." Natasha's eyes widened.
"I'm sure we have some crackers in a cabinet somewhere. Do you think your stomach can handle that?" Tony shrugged.
"No, it isn't," Lara said. "It's short for 'my mom didn't give a fuck about me and named me after the first person to walk into the room.'" Lara sighed as Bruce gave her a sorry look. "Alright, name changes aside, what seems to be the problem?" Bruce hesitated to respond for a moment, taking a deep breath.
"They are?" Lara questioned.
"Remember," she said. "Your next appointment isn't this coming Wednesday, but the following Wednesday at two o'clock."
"Where's this coming from?" Natasha questioned aloud, though it sounded like she was more awed than concerned. There's a trained pilot for you. Loki, however, had a worried expression come over his face.
"Who cares what Lara would have gone for?" Tony said. "It'd be far less excruciating than this."
If pregnancy loss or domestic violence is a sensitive subject for you, you might want to skip this chapter...
Clint nodded before getting back under the covers and lying back down. Natasha patted his shoulder before getting up to leave the room, a genuine smile still on her face.
"I'm not saying that you should give up," Duran said. "I'm just saying if that story's all she's going to give to you, you might as well just place her under arrest now. If she is protecting someone, she'll fess up later and try to make a deal. Right now, though, she's not talking, and I don't think she's going to be willing to talk any time soon." She gestured to the view through the window. Oswin's sobs were becoming more and more hysterical by the moment. "Just give her a break from all this for right now. Who knows, a few nights in a federal lock-up might loosen her lips a little bit." Bergeron let out an aggravated sigh but nodded.
"Yeah!" Lila nodded as she squirmed out of her mother's arms and onto the floor. Laura tapped Cooper's shoulder.
"My blood type is B- and I don't have any living blood relatives," Tony said. "Finding a compatible donor is going to be difficult."
However, he was certain that Barton was, in fact, infected. Other than the near suffocation and intubation, Tony had noticed that he hadn't been feeling well. Barton's nose was stuffed up, his voice was raspy, he broke out in coughing fits, and he had spent most of the time that they had been quarantined sleeping. Although he couldn't see him, Tony could imagine that Barton looked terrible. Hearing the doctors' assessment of Barton's condition only solidified the idea in his mind.
"Just need some rest is all," he said. "It's the only thing that I've found that sort of, kind of helps." Pepper nodded in understanding.
Looking down in horror, Knežević saw that in the rush of emotion he had grabbed Audrey's hand. He let it go, but it was too late. The stone was already crawling up her arm. He grabbed Stephanie to pull her back, but that proved to be another fatal error. When he grabbed her, he didn't realize that she was wearing a spaghetti-strap tank top and his palm encountered her bare skin.
"Well duh," Natasha remarked as Steve opened the door to said stairwell.
"Factory override code," Oswin questioned. "What's that?"
"You might want to rethink that," Bruce said. "And by the way, clothes?"
"I don't think so," Audrey said. "You saw the car! The door was wide open and there were groceries in the back! This is just too weird! I'm calling the police!"
"What's wrong with his leg?" Clint raised his eyebrows, surprised she didn't notice.
"Absolutely." Lara shrugged.
"Hey Maria, it's Carol."
"I thought it was Xanax," he explained. "The bottle said Xanax, but I guess what inside wasn't Xanax."
have the right to stop answering at any time until you talk to an attorney."
"You okay?" Steve asked after a moment of silence.
"We've been known to have them occasionally." Things were quiet for a moment before Clint called out "found it!" By that point, "Walk Like an Egyptian" had stopped playing and started up again. Clint re-entered the room with a furrowed brown. "Is that your cell phone?" he asked.
"Okay," Salinas said. "So, you're going to take all of this to court?"
"Stark and your maid?" Adoniram questioned.
"And if they do anything against his consent, we'll sue the pants off of them." The fact that she was smiling and the ease with which she said the words did nothing to undermine how serious Pepper was. Regardless, Steve's lips quirked upwards a bit and he was at least able to give her a semi-smile in return.
forgot to clean up her plate."
After running the foil through the mass spectrometer, Betty took a swab off the lipstick stain and ran it through. While she was doing that, Bruce turned his attention to the computer and began to research New Horizons Labs. As the letter claimed, it was, in fact, a subsidiary of the Roxxon Corporation and unsurprisingly, they were in Newark, New Jersey. However, there were a few surprising things that Bruce did discover. Namely, that the lab in question didn't deal with infectious diseases. New Horizons Labs largely dealt with over-the-counter pharmaceutical products and cosmetics.
Two rings…
When he got back, Bruce had essentially one goal in mind; to get to his bed and take a nap. However, his plans were slightly derailed when someone working for the CDC flagged him down. The worker explained that while searching the Tower, they had come across an animal locked in one of the rooms. A bit further questioning revealed the animal to be Clint's dog. They immediately put the dog in isolation and ran a battery of tests on him. Fortunately, other than a minor ear infection that was likely a result of his previous life on the streets, they determined that the dog carried no known diseases.
Lara slowly let out that breath she'd been holding. Her immediate assumption was that Pepper had fired him. That was good. Though, why he had to make such a scene out of it was a mystery to her. That was, until Freeman started to speak again.
"Just the usual stuff," Tony said. "Other than that, I'm good."
"Mr. Stark, get back into bed, now!" Tony turned to see Dr. Smith entering the room, wearing a much heavier protective suit than before. This only served to worry Tony further.
Although he was expecting it, Tony couldn't help the deflated feeling that came over him. For a moment, Tony leaned back and put a hand over his face. He tried to keep his breathing calm and even, but still the anger bubbled up. With no other way to release it, he ended up kicking one of the metal legs of the table. Hard.
"Was this the same reaction Stark had?" Fury asked. Jessica shook her head.
After Hill had stopped him from taking drastic action, Steve found himself holding his breath, waiting to see if anything would stop Natasha from doing the same. For a moment, he even wondered if she was doing this for his benefit, given that it came right after the slur. However, just one brief glance into her eyes told him that this wasn't the case. There was a fire there; real fury. She
, Steve," she said. "I've already lost half of my family. If I lose the other half…" Natasha swallowed hard. "I won't take that. Not at all."
"As it should be," Adoniram said. "Now, why have you summoned me, dear wife?" Margot's lips twitched upwards at the term of endearment.
"I know," Steve said. "And I appreciate that you're here. I'm sure Tony does, too, but I highly doubt that we're worrying about the same things." Pepper frowned in confusion.
The CDC, as it turned out, was incredibly thorough. As soon as Clint and Stark got to the hospital, they were sent to the showers again and were once again given clean garments to change into. Then, they underwent another battery of tests. Not only did they have to give more blood, but they also had to submit urine and saliva samples for good measure. The only consolation was that they got one cookie and a cup of orange juice each and they probably only got those to make sure neither of them fainted from the fluid loss.
"You're welcome." Bruce couldn't help but notice the way Lara smiled a little bit. It made him smile, too.
"What makes you say that?" Natasha asked.
"Mr. Nezchevic-"
"Alright, Stark," Hill relented. "I'll let you in there, but there will be agents behind the doors waiting to bust in there the second that the situation gets out of control. Do you understand?"
"At this point, I doubt anything would surprise me." Steve stood up and started to collect his things.
"It makes her a little more sensitive to certain things," Carol added. "Certain herbs, spices… Pesticides particularly."
Tarquan still seemed hesitant. However, the frog-man offered him an incredibly low price. Only 1,000 credits for this one tiny shard with centuries worth of information on it. That was all that was needed to make the deal worthwhile. Tarquan gave him the credits and returned to the ship with the disc, having forgotten the old saying "if it's too good to be true, it probably is."
Oh, and if anyone gets the reference with the little girl named Sarah who loves Thor, you're awesome and it's clear that we have the same love of 1980s comedies. In case I forget to mention it (because it's several fics away and I have a very short-term memory) after my Thor: The Dark World re-write and Thor meets back up with the Avengers, he actually wears the bracelet that little girl made him! Feel free to "aww" at the idea of that!
"Escort a lady?" It was a clever cover and one Tony would be stupid to refuse. He hooked his arm around hers and together they started making their way towards the back of the room where the bar and refreshments tables were located. Tony tried not to lean on Romanoff too much – still trying desperately to give off the impression that he was fine – but again, his body and his impaired coordination skills didn't seem to want to comply with his desires.
"I know," Tony said. "But the problem is that for once, I don't know what to do." Steve raised an eyebrow. "I know, shocking, right?"
"I'm fine," Tony assured for what had to have felt like the billionth time that week. "I just need to get to bed."
"Yeah," Steve agreed. "I only asked because I thought someone else might have an idea."
"I'll be alright," he said, waving off his boyfriend's concerns. "Really, the best thing we can do at this point is stay out of Cabe's way." Reassured, Steve nodded.
"The troposphere, stratosphere, mesosphere, thermosphere, ionosphere, and exosphere."
"I was in a motorcycle accident!" Dante defended.
Adoniram started walking down the hallway that branched off to the left and begrudgingly, Carol followed. The two women stuck close to her, never letting her leave their sight: not even to blink. It made Carol's fists twitchy. She was still dedicated to looking the part and pulled out her notepad and pen, ready to take notes.
Jessica put the finishing touches on her makeup and pulled back her hair. Technically, she wasn't supposed to be wearing any, but she found that if she only kept it to a small amount in her natural shades, she usually could get away with it. The uniform was simple; a white polo shirt, khaki pants, and sturdy sneakers. Cheap enough for even the poorest members of the congregation to afford. Women could leave their hair straight down, pulled back with a black or white hairband, or up in a ponytail. No pigtails, buns, or braids. Black members could still have dreadlocks, but Jess had the sinking suspicion that if a white member tried to pull off that hairstyle, they'd have their entire head shaved.
Hacking into the California Department of Corrections' files, she learned that Vasyl Knežević was a Vietnamese child adopted by Eastern European immigrants (which explained the odd name.) He married straight out of high school and had his two daughters with his wife, Joyce. Everything seemed normal until you got to the part where he was laid off from his job, his wife died, the state took his kids away, and he was arrested for child endangerment and illegal production of deadly explosives. That was when it started to make sense. The cops were the ones who arrested him back in 1999, the corrections officers worked at the prison he was held in, the judge was the one who sentenced him, etc.
He kept his gaze solidly on the wall. He couldn't look at Steve. He couldn't look at Fury. He couldn't look at anyone, really. He just wanted the rest of the world to go away so he could drown in his own shame. Unfortunately, he didn't have that luxury.
"It's still the same thing," he said. "I don't feel like I'm doing enough for Tony."
"You're upset," Bruce said. "Don't think the worst. Tony's not that petty."
"Are you sure?" the agent asked.
Arms and legs flailing as the empty street below began to rush up at him Tony quickly tried to get himself into a calm, freefall position as they tell you to do while skydiving. His only hope was that JARVIS had heard him and was sending out the suit now. Luckily, the AI didn't disappoint. Within seconds of crashing through the window himself, Tony heard another crash coming from behind him. The suit had locked on to the bracelets he was wearing and was quickly working to assemble itself around Tony and catch him as he fell. With everything clicking into place, Tony just barely had enough time to stop his descent before he crashed into the pavement below. He made a mental note to work on how much time the assembly process took up as he steadied himself. Blasting up back towards the tower, Tony felt another bit of satisfaction roll over him as he came to face him.
"I don't know."
"So, you set up a fake murder scene?" The expression in her eyes clearly communicated that she didn't understand how that was as follows. From the look on Clint's face, Natasha could tell he was trying to figure out how to justify it as well.
"I heard you." Halfway through saying that, Stark clearly realized that could be taken as offensive. "Sorry. That doesn't make sense, though. You can hear me. We're talking right now."
"Do you need help getting back to your seat?" This time Steve's concern brought a small smile to Tony's face.
"I'm taking the limo."
"Just think about it," Freeman said. "Sure, we have some seeds of dissent sown, but as you admitted yourself, this past week was a failure. Public support for the Avengers is still strong. Don't you think we should be taking advantage of that? If we could convince the Avengers to join our ranks, I'm certain we would see a massive uptick in recruitment numbers." Adoniram stared at him, his face impassive.
"You realize that this is my business we're talking about here," Dante said. "You should take it more seriously."
"It has to be the result of detox," Tony said. "I'm probably fine."
"Nope," she said, popping the "p." "You can see it written here quite clearly. 'Irukandji Syndrome caused by exposure to the venom of the
"What do you mean?" he asked. "What do you taste?"
) However, he had to tone down his reaction for the cameras. He's got to keep the boyfriend in the closet, after all.
"Dr. Banner," Steve said. "Now might be a really good time for you to get angry." Bruce turned back to him with a small smile on his face.
Lara flicked the light off and laid back in bed. Her prospects at getting a full night's rest were looking good. Todd was going to be accompanying her to the courthouse the next day, so for once she and her boyfriend wouldn't be spending the whole night partaking in amorous activities. As such, the apartment was mostly quiet. (You could never really escape the noise in the city.)
"Oh yeah?" he said. "And how did that go?"
"But I can stay with him though, right?" Steve asked, the tiniest hint of desperation in his voice. "I mean, the serum prevents me from becoming sick."
"How'd they do it?" Clint couldn't help but notice that the tiniest bit of excitement tinged Stark's voice.
"Pity." He raised his eyebrows as Natasha held out a packet of papers to him. "What is this?"
"Are you sure, JARVIS?" Steve asked as he moved to the bedroom door.
"It's just the prototype," Tony said. "I'm kind of the only name in clean energy right now. That's what he's getting at."
"I don't think someone with a mush-brain would be able to consciously decide to do three laps through the kitchen and hallway," Natasha pointed out. "Especially not after they just nearly died from Ebola-H5N1."
"Thank you," Lara said as she took a seat next to Natasha at the counter. "I was starting to get hungry, and this eliminates the need to explain my dietary restrictions to the takeout people."
"You seemed upset when I said I wanted to go to the State of the Union," Tony pointed out. Steve sighed.
"Well, think harder next time," Adoniram said. "And maybe don't suggest something that will damn us all to another life cycle in these wretched Terran forms." Slowly, Freeman nodded.
"Got a problem with that?"
"I wouldn't say she's claustrophobic," he said. "But being locked in a small space with limited exits does make her antsy. If she were here, she probably would have broken down the door twice and exposed a few of the nurses by now."
"It's just one glass," he pointed out.
"His blood pressure is starting to return to normal levels," she said. "And his body is still trying to fight the infection." The nurse caught Natasha's dissatisfied look. "Only time will tell, but in my professional opinion, he has a fighting chance." Nat nodded.
Since he didn't want to wake up or let go of Tony, he chose to ignore it. However, the person on the other side of the door appeared to be impatient as they took the lack of response as a go-ahead to enter the room. It was Natasha's form that slipped around the door.
"Steve," Rhodes said, prompting him to look back up. "We're just as guilty of doing that. Hell, we tried to ignore it for years. That's even worse."
Steve's answer hung in the air for a long time. Tony seemed like he was shocked into silence for a bit, and honestly Steve couldn't blame him. Every day it got harder to remember a time where he wasn't anxious, worried about someone else, mourning, or just plain felt lost and out of place. Although, yes, he could remember plenty of times he was happy, as he went through his memories to more recent times, those moments were fewer and father between.
"Glad to hear it." She turned and saw Rogers finishing up whatever he was saying to Clint, giving him a pat on the shoulder. (Surprisingly, Clint didn't flinch, Natasha noticed.) When Steve looked at her, Nat held her arms out to her fellow Super Soldier. "If I'm hugging one of you, I'm going to hug you both."
"Well, yes." Cabe pushed the flash drive closer to her.
Luckily, Steve was saved by the bell – or rather Dr. Rawls returning to the room. She gently knocked on the wood of the door before taking a step inside.
"This one," Lara said, holding out the paper and pointing to the small sketch in question. "I know I've seen it before.
"It sounds like I'm not the one who needs to be more accepting."
"Shit!"
"Yes officer," she said. "What can I do for you?"
"How did you know that?" Tony shrugged like it was nothing.
"Uh, yeah," he said. "There's a phone in the office next to the elevator. Why do you need it? Who do you want to call?"
"JARVIS," he said. "Do you know how Ketamine reacts with alcohol?"
"I'm warning you, Johnny," he called back. "You ain't leaving us with much of a choice."
"I don't know," he said. "I guess it's a possibility?"
"Me too," Lara said. "But eventually it comes back to bite you in the ass, like right now." Bruce couldn't help but nod in agreement with that. "You haven't talked to Betty since then, right?"
"Hi," Tony said.
"I am," Tony muttered as he moved his arm out of the way. "Come here."
"Horrific," Steve added.
"Uh," Steve fidgeted. "I don't know. We have another guest waiting downstairs."
"Hi, did you give my number out to anyone?" Bruce blinked in confusion, mostly because she said it really fast in a thicker accent than usual.
Neither search team had searched by the elevators as Steve and Lara had already been by there and had seen no sign of Tony. So, when they started to approach the area, they were easily taken off guard by the maintenance employee swearing loudly in Spanish. Steve didn't understand much of the language, but he knew for sure that "punta" was one of the bad ones. That was enough to tell him and the others not to bother him and take the stairs instead.
Marx nodded. Charles threw his head back. He tried to think of some way he could try to communicate with this thing, but he kept drawing a blank. Then, another question came to him.
"Never thought I'd hear those words come out of your mouth," Rhodey tried to joke but failed miserably. He gave Tony's shoulder an apologetic rub and a comforting squeeze. "But you know that's not true." Tony shook his head and let out a strangled gasp of air.
As a result, everything was silent. Natasha couldn't even hear the doctors whispering to each other anymore. Likely, they had left but that explanation didn't make the sudden absence of noise any less creepy. Luckily, Steve found what he wanted to say.
"Yeah," Freeman said. "It was in that speech Salinas sent me." Adoniram sent a sharp, side-eyed glare to the other man who didn't look guilty in the slightest. His gaze went back to Freeman as he continued. "Although, Miss Potts refused to accept my resignation and fired me herself." That revelation caused Adoniram's eyebrows to raise up.
"Thanks, J." Within seconds a woman's voice was filling the speakers in Tony's suit.
"Arrow." Both kids made faces of disgust and disappointment.
"Over there…" Jessica's eyes went wide as soon as she turned around. Stark had slumped over and fallen into the snowbank, clearly having fallen unconscious.
With a sigh, Hill did as she said and walked into the building. Bruce followed her and Lara pulled up the rear, shutting the door behind her. The space they were in was tight as it led up to a flight of stairs, which probably led up to a set of apartments. Vaguely, Lara wondered if this was breaking and entering, though she swiftly shrugged the thought off. They were with a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. If someone wanted to throw a trespassing charge at them, Hill could easily make it go away with a flash of her badge. Besides, they had bigger things to worry about. Taking a small step forward, she looked Hill directly in the eyes.
"Tony, I'm sorry," he said. "I was just trying to keep my distance because…"
"Yes," he said. "Of course."
"It was an accident," she had to make clear first and foremost.
"Driving," Bruce said. "We can try driving."
"I advised Mr. Stark of all of these potential reactions before he took the drug," JARVIS explained in a calm tone that would have been worrying if it came from a human. "He muted me and went ahead with it anyways. I'm sure you're aware that there was nothing I could do to physically stop him." Rhodey let out a harsh breath, forcing himself to calm down.
"No, Soprano," she said. "Of course, we mean Stark. Did he come knocking at your door at all last night?" Clint shook his head.
"You haven't been sticking to the script," Tony pointed out.
"You guess…" Rhode had to try hard not to go on a tirade right then and there. Instead, he focused on the more pertinent question; how had this happened? "The fact that you were willing to mix Xanax and alcohol isn't that much better, but regardless, how did you get ahold of a bottle of Xanax in the first place?" Tony shrugged.
"Pepper told me that you asked her to get rid of all the alcohol. Is that true?" Tony sighed. Of course, that was what she whispered to Steve.
"I'm not doing anything." Steve threw his hands down onto his knees and leaned back in his chair. His knee continued bouncing.
Thank you to mfaerie32 and The Other Jet Engine on FFN for the reviews! It really means a lot.
"It's illegal." Pepper gave him a disbelieving look.
"He was doing his job," Steve pointed out. Tony let out yet another scoff.
"Then maybe you shouldn't rule out that miracle theory just yet," Coulson said.
"Oh, I know we're not." Steve looked down slightly and Tony got to his feet, wrapping his arms around Steve's shoulders. "It's alright. I'm not disappointed."
"The uniform?" Steve questioned. "Aren't the stars and stripes a little old-fashioned?"
"If we just left it at that, then we wouldn't be here, now would we?" Lara knew Dante wasn't listening anymore, but it just felt
Across his waist, Tony could feel a band digging into his skin despite the soft padding that was supposed to keep it from hurting, holding him down to the bed. Every time he tried to adjust his position, he found himself unable to do so, which sucked because he was cold and all he wanted to do was draw his legs and the blankets closer to him for warmth. That wasn't the only thing that was restrained. His wrists were pinned to either side of the bed and it felt like his hands had been balled up into fists and surrounded by pillows. His legs were still free, though, and he could move his head to either side. They also must have given him a sedative, because his head felt groggy and he was relatively calm about the fact that he was currently tied down to a bed. (He'd had some bad experiences with that sort of thing.)
"No," he said. "Just didn't taste like what I was expecting." Tony took another bite of his burger and didn't taste anything wrong with it.
"Enjoy the moment?" Steve questioned with a bit of a wry grin on his face. "How do you suppose we do that?"
"I'll notify the police of your intentions."
"Don't strain yourself," Steve could hear his mother warn. "It's not good for the baby. Besides, I'm fine with them being in the house, just as long as none of them come barging in."
"The strongest thing we have is meant for a man four times your size." Tony wasn't sure he wanted to know about that.
"Yeah," Clint said. "Who's 'we?'"
"Hey," Lara said. "Susanna Hoffs is a gift unto this world, and I will not hear otherwise. Understand?" Tony just gave her a look of disgust before hitting the "reject call" button.
"That can wait until we get to the Hub," Hill said as she gestured for Bruce to follow her.
"Carry me to bed?" He felt Steve place another kiss on his head.
"Yes, ma'am," he said. Cabe then looked at each of them sternly.
"You as well, Agent Romanoff." Carol shook it then turned towards Clint.
"You can't do that," Loki's weak, hoarse voice protested. Thanos raised an eyebrow.
"I really don't have insurance and I really don't know my social security number," Carol said right away. Amanda shook her head.
"It shouldn't have happened in the first place," Schaffer argued. "How can we trust that it won't happen again?"
"Behave," she warned one last time before walking away, shutting the door behind her.
Flash!
Rhodey agreed and changed the subject. They did go back to the topics of the tapes and the overdose again, but it was much less emotional with Tony continuing to give Rhodey assurances of his mental stability. That probably should have worried Rhodey more than it did, but instead he chose to believe what Tony was telling him. It was an easier pill to swallow than accepting the idea that his friend might be suicidal.
"I'm right here," Steve said as he walked into the room. "No need."
"Sir, please put down the spear!" The man looked at the object in his hand. The object was golden and had a gem in the center of it that was similar in color to that of the Tesseract. Clint would more likely classify it as a scepter than a spear, but it was still clearly weaponized. The top part clearly had a bladed edge that looked like it would hurt beyond hell if someone got stabbed with it. That ended up not being the part of the weapon that they had to worry about, though. The man pointed the scepter at one of the armed agents and fired a bright blue blast that knocked the agent across the room. Whether or not he was alive, or dead wasn't clear, but nobody had time to question that as the man on the platform began to fire indiscriminately.
"What does that mean?" Natasha's eyes narrowed, trying to scrutinize Carol even further.
"Oh yeah," she said. "Can I just be excused to the latrine for a moment?"
"Roger that," he said. Slowly, Tony started to inch his way back into a lying position. Steve helped him, but Tony couldn't help but notice the slightly disappointed look on his face. Dread started coming up from his stomach and attempted to consume every part of his body.
"You actually wanted to hurt her." Natasha didn't even flinch at the accusation.
"Understandable," Bruce said.
However, that plan didn't factor in that sometimes the best weapons come in the form of words. Tony said something to Lara and Steve could clearly see her face drop. Within seconds Lara was distraught. She turned and headed back inside. Tony, meanwhile, turned and left the building. Steve could see that Lara was tearing up as she went to the front desk, but he figured she'd be fine. Now Tony was both the more dangerous one and the one more likely to be in danger; it was more crucial to get to him.
"And we're going to give him lots of love because of that," Laura said. "He's a very lucky boy adopted into this family." Cooper's face lit right up.
Adoniram couldn't have that. He couldn't have his followers seeing these people as anyone they could look up to.
Tony then bolted down the nearest stairwell. He had to hurry. Every second passed was a second wasted and lives were truly on the line.
Natasha slipped her boots back on and gathered up her book and coat. Clint stood up, straightening out his jacket and pocketing his phone. For a few moments, nothing happened as the calls – mostly for Stark but Nat could hear a few "Hulks" and "Captain Americas" thrown in there – swelled outside. Then the front doors of the hotel opened, and Stark stepped through, blowing a kiss to his adoring public and waving as he left the cameras' view. Beside him was a blonde woman who was wearing what appeared to be a federally-issued windbreaker (Department of Homeland Security, Nat noted from the insignia) and a t-shirt that advertised the band the Veronicas. Steve was quick to follow his boyfriend and Col. Rhodes and Dr. Banner followed behind them. A bald black man and a brunette white woman pulled up the rear. Nat noticed that the brunette paused to scan the crowd before shutting the doors.
"That's great!" Lara exclaimed before she could even really think about it. When she did, concern laced her voice. "Wait, what about Barton?"
," Tony emphasized. "He looked like he was on death's doorstep."
"I thought you were dead!" It came out louder than Nina intended, but she didn't care. "Your house exploded! They told me you were dead! I can't believe it! I thought you were dead! Oh my God! I can't believe it! Oh my God!" Nina had her arms around Oswin again at this point. Oswin gently ran her fingers through her hair.
"Yes."
Remember kids, I'm not as think as you drunk I am.
"Only for you." Okay, Steve couldn't resist. He had to kiss him for that. Pulling back, he pressed his forehead against Tony's.
"I know," he said. "But don't do it to the point where you're not considering yourself, okay?" Steve gave a seemingly reluctant nod.
"I'm sorry, honey," she said. "But we did." Clint threw a hand over his heart.
"You should have called," Pepper corrected. "Then I would have known you were okay."
"Okay," Steve said. "That's not the point, though."
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony had Stane listed as both his next of kin and as the person who could make medical decisions on his behalf should he become incapacitated. So, naturally, he was called as soon as Tony was admitted to the hospital. While for the most part, Stane seemed angry about the situation, it didn't seem like he knew why Tony might have done this to himself in the first place.
"Ow!" She rubbed the back of her blonde head as she got up off the ground. She shut her laptop as she glared at Tony. "What the hell? That hurt!"
"This is your first time dying, isn't it?" Clint narrowed his eyes.
comfortable.
"So, you pulled the fire alarm again?" Steve asked.
"Somehow, I doubt that," Barton remarked.
The Avengers have an early morning dealing with the press in D.C. Time for a wake-up call!
. Jess smiled at the thought as she reached the top of the stairs and pushed the door open.
"And dated."
"That's fine," Pepper said. "Just don't say anything to the press now." Freeman nodded.
"That sounds wonderful, Betty. I would love to go." The biggest grin exploded across her face.
Remember kids, Santa Clause is a murderer! He ran over some poor child's grandmother as she was walking home one Christmas Eve! This holiday is for a murderer! Please don't celebrate murderers!
Remember kids, don't be like me. Get actual healthy amounts of sleep.
"More like, 'good night,'" he remarked. "What time is it?"
"He's all yours, Stark." Fury then walked past him. Tony didn't look back as he stepped through the door panel and descended the stairs to the door to the observation room. He knocked on the door once but realized that the door was so thick that Steve probably wouldn't hear it, so he just went in any way.
"I doubt it affects him the same way as us 'mere mortals' anyway," Clint remarked.
"Not sure," Steve supplied instead. "He didn't say." Wylie just looked more concerned.
Feeling the weight of a pair of eyes on him, Tony glanced to his right and saw Pepper staring at him, her gaze full of concern. Tony shut his eyes and tried to stifle the amount of air rushing out of his nose.
Then there was everyone else. Lara and Romanoff certainly had it out for him… After all the crap he'd pulled in the last twelve hours, there was no way they'd still let him be an Avenger… That was it. He had nothing. He was nothing but a sad, lonely drunk. If he had a drink, he'd indulge in the irony and toss it all back in one go, but he couldn't, and he knew he shouldn't. For the first time in months, his need for comfort was outweighing his need for alcohol. He'd give anything to both holds and be held by Steve. He just wished he hadn't run away before he reached that point.
"Obviously," Pepper repeated. "But you know you don't have to do that at all. I could handle those boxes for you, if you want."
"So, are you still going to hold off on asking questions?" Tony turned to look at Steve, who shrugged.
"Well, you should have said that," Tony said. "Besides, Hill also okayed it."
"No, Loki," was Odin's only response. So, without any fear, sorrow, or hesitation, Loki let go of the staff, all the while with Thor begging him to stop. He couldn't be stopped, though. He fell slowly into the dark void of space, keeping his eyes on pretend sibling and parent until he felt himself being pulled into the twisted vortex created by the destruction of the Bifrost.
Even though he was distracting himself from the meeting, he was still listening. Albeit, vaguely, but still listening. He was paying attention enough to know that Pepper had just restated the same point for the sixth time in the past half-hour and was growing frustrated. Tony knew he was going to have to jump into the conversation in a moment, but for right now he was just content to escape from all the stress for a minute and continue writing the list on the memo pad of his phone. It had taken a turn for the silly as he came up with increasingly ridiculous reasons why someone would be unable to pick up a phone.
After they left, everyone else went their separate ways for the night. Natasha and Clint headed to their rooms, Bruce set out to get a little bit more work done in his office before he went to bed, and Steve and Tony showed Rhodey to his room. Since Tony's appointment was in the morning, they all decided it would be best to call it a night early. So, while Rhodey went to bed, Tony decided to take a shower so that way he wouldn't have to worry about it in the rush to get ready the next day.
"It didn't go as planned?" Lara shook her head.
Everything was black and quiet. Black, quiet, and cold…
"Handsome?" Adoniram questioned.
"So, he did do this." Tony nodded.
Tony thought.
Tony took a deep breath before typing his next message.
"Thank you."
"It's perfect."
"Hey, Stark?" he said.
"We believe your father might have withheld certain pieces of information from S.H.I.E.L.D. archive for one reason or another, such as physical examinations of Captain Rogers after he underwent treatment with the Serum," he explained. "We know that the Serum's formula was lost with the death of Dr. Abraham Erskine. We just want to try and save this man's life." Tony turned back to studying the man behind the glass.
"Come on," she said. "I'll help you."
"Have you eaten?" Tony nodded.
"What is that? What is that?" He looked around the car in absolute terror, expecting to see a SWAT team surrounding the car, waiting to arrest him for attempted grand theft. However, he was not greeted by that sight, nor could he find the source of the noise. Eventually, he realized it was coming from the laptop's speakers. "Oswin," he called out to no avail. "Oswin!" That time she seemingly heard him as the banging stopped abruptly.
"I'm sorry," she said. "I should have consulted you before asking Natasha to fill in for me, but to be fair, I had other things on my mind and I just wanted to be certain you'd get to that board meeting."
"JARVIS…"
"You need to wash your mouth out after throwing up," Steve said. "Just the taste of vomit in your mouth can make you throw up again." Tony's stomach churned at the thought.
"Should someone go in there?" Coulson wondered aloud. "If he does wake up he's going to be pretty freaked out. We haven't had a chance to finish setting up the scenario."
"Let me explain myself better," Freeman said before taking a deep breath. "I'm not suggesting that they could do anything that you can't or that they're better than you in any way. However, the day of ascension is fast approaching. Don't you think we need a bit of an insurance policy?"
They watched as all the pomp and circumstance of the State of the Union was carried out. The Deputy Sergeant at Arms loudly announced the arrival of Vice President Joe Biden and the members of the United States Senate. Biden and Speaker of the House John Boehner then named the members of the House and Senate who would be escorting the President into the House Chamber. Then the arrivals of several different important members of the cabinet were announced, and so on and so forth until the big event. A little after nine PM, the announcement was made.
Tony's private office was nothing compared to his and Bruce's lab downstairs, but it was serviceable. Most of the time he spent in here was taken up by doing paperwork and other annoying stuff for SI. As much as he loved his company, there were a lot of things that came along with being the owner of it that just plain wasn't fun. At least now that he wasn't CEO he didn't have as much to do.
"That shouldn't be possible. Maybe I just need to change my definition of possible." Steve couldn't agree more with that sentiment. "God, I remember my dad and Aunt Peggy…"
"I'm a master manipulator," she said. "If there's something I don't want to talk about, I can deflect without anyone even noticing." Freeman seemed satisfied with that and turned his attention over to Bruce.
As he laid awake, he couldn't help but wonder if he should hit the nurses' call button on the remote attached to the bed. After all, he was feeling sick and that was a red flag in this situation. However, he couldn't help but think of what would happen if he did. The most likely possibility would be that his symptoms ended up being nothing and he'd waste the nurses time. However, there was also the possibility that they cold end up being something but neither the nurses nor the doctors would be able to do anything to help. To be honest, the latter possibility weighed on him the most. He didn't want confirmation that this was real. Call him an idiot, but he wanted to cling onto the hope that everything was going to be fine for as long as possible.
"Are you sure?" he asked. "I've been told I'm a good listener."
"I don't know," he finally admitted. "I don't know what's right and what's wrong anymore – at least in terms of this…"
"Yes," Salinas said. "While I had him at my house, I figured, 'what the hell, might as well give it a shot.' That ended up being a colossal mistake. I left the room to call Freeman, and when I came back, Stark and my maid were gone."
"Right," Knežević said. "Sorry."
There was a round of applause as President Barrack Obama walked into the room and it continued as he stopped to shake hands with several people as he made his way towards the Speaker's rostrum. Before he reached the Avengers, he made a point to hug the woman sitting next to Steve, which caused the applause to grow louder. He went back to handshakes when it got to Steve and continued down the line with the rest of the Avengers. As he shook their hands, he thanked them for attending and for their heroism that day in New York. He shook hands with a few more people before he reached the rostrum, at which point they all had to be seated. As Tony took his seat, Steve leaned in close to his ear.
"Which is unlikely," Bruce concluded. "He's probably already started."
"Is Steve there yet?" Tony asked.
"Good, good," Steve said as he let out a breath Tony didn't think he knew he'd been holding. "I'm so glad to hear that." Steve held Tony for a few more seconds before pulling back and stepping aside to let Pepper get a hug in, too.
"Oh!" Bruce stopped and turned to look at Betty. "Can you see if we can get a whiteboard in here? I think we're going to need it." Bruce gave her a smile.
"No," Romanoff said. "Most
"Oh, stop it," she said. "You sound like my brothers." Within seconds of those words coming out of her mouth, a warm look of shocked awe crossed Carol's face. Tony's brow furrowed in concern.
"You and Tony were fighting," Bruce said. "I know that. We could hear you in the hallway. Then you guys left and when you came back you were crying and locked yourself in the bathroom."
Hill couldn't come that day, which put Clint into a pretty sticky situation. He had told Stark that the dog would be gone within a day, but he couldn't bring the dog to the farm without discussing it with Laura first. He knew he was already going to be in hot water for having the dog in the first place. If he showed up with the dog and the kids saw it before he had a chance to talk to her about it, he'd be in much worse trouble. So, he had no choice but to wait for Hill. Fortunately, Stark had been shut up in his and Cap's apartment since Wednesday, dealing with his withdrawal symptoms. He hadn't seen the dog, and thus probably didn't know it was there and no one else had questioned him on it. At least, not yet.
The first image she saw as she tried to bring the world into focus was an empty podium in what she recognized as the main lobby of Avengers Tower. For the first minute or two of the broadcasts, the camera held on the image of the podium while Abraham assured viewers that the press conference would begin momentarily. It felt like longer than a moment had passed before there was finally activity onscreen.
"It's show time." Happy grinned and got out of the car. Tony slid into the seat closest to the door and allowed himself one last deep breath before he went out and faced the world.
"Hey," Knežević said. "What the hell's your problem?" Oswin stopped dead in her tracks and turned around to face him. Her hands were balled up into fists and she did nothing to conceal the fact that she'd been crying.
"To get better," he said. "Isn't that the whole point?" The blank stares that he received in response told him otherwise.
"I'm telling you, doc," he heard Tony say. "There has to be something wrong with me. I don't know what it is, but I just feel it."
"Steve, you can't," Natasha's voice was firm as she spoke. "There's nothing you can do to help him. Even if we weren't stuck in here, there wouldn't be much you could do."
"Dad?" He smiled. At least Audrey recognized him. However, he quickly realized that she wasn't as happy to see him as he was to see her. "What the hell are you doing here?"
What's up you beautiful bastards? I hope you're having a fantastic Saturday! Welcome back to "Unbroken" and let's just jump into it!
Tony had been surprised. Freeman had made his allegiances clear the night before. He was going to have to discuss Freeman's continued employment at Stark Industries with Pepper once he was better, along with – and he hated the thought of this, but it was apparent it needed to be done – going through human resources training with the upper levels of management. Specifically, one employee, but everyone else was probably due for a brush up as well, and he didn't exactly want to single her out.
"Romanoff," he said. "We're still calling you that, right?"
"What the hell are you doing here?" she shouted. "Leave! The girls don't want to see you!"
The Sharptons lived in the upscale suburbs of Newark. Tessa had been their only child, so only Maurita and her husband had been home when the New Jersey State Police and the nearest S.T.R.I.K.E. team busted into the house to arrest her. Sharpton went without putting up a fight, but she was refusing to talk, other than to ask if anyone had been infected. Hence, the need for Natasha's skills.
"Alright," he said. "Why don't you take a seat? You don't look too comfortable standing over there by the door."
"Okay," Bruce said. "What's the problem then?" Lara looked down at her shoes.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thank you!" Tony glared at the doctor. That wasn't any way to talk to a patient. If he could, Tony would rip off the man's protective suit and breathe on him. The only thing that stopped him was the fact that if he did go through with it, then they'd be stuck in quarantine with the doctor until the CDC made their determination. Instead, he just watched as the doctor unloaded his pent-up irritation on anyone who would listen, and the nurses prepared their equipment. He did, however, take a few steps closer to Steve.
"Wait!" She said as she ran up to the platform. "Isn't there anything else you need to know before you zip off to kick this guy's ass?"
"I was just worried that what happened a few months ago was happening again," she explained. "If it was, I wanted to be here for it."
Freeman looked like he was going to say something else when the conference room door suddenly opened. Inside stepped six singing hotel employees, one of them carrying a small sheet cake.
As they arrived on Knowhere, Tarquan volunteered to search on his own for information and useful supplies. The others were to afraid to join him. He searched for hours and unfortunately did not produce any leads on a planet. He was, however, able to replenish the ships food, water, and oxygen stores, so at least the trip wasn't a total waste. He was about to return to the ship when a stranger in a red robe unexpectedly grabbed him by the shoulder.
"Can you tell me?" Rhodey struggled to keep the annoyance and frustration out of his voice. Thankfully, the AI did as prompted.
Unlocking her phone, Lara scrolled around, looking for something to do. At one point, she ended up accidentally tapping the messenger app and she was once again faced with the message Betty had sent her now two days before. It hadn't changed (obviously) but she couldn't help but feel guilty as she read it over again. Also, she felt incredibly stupid.
"Good," Dr. Cranston said. "Now that we've gotten that out of the way, why don't we try starting over again?" She readjusted her position and smiled before saying "hello, Mr. Stark. What brings you into my office today?"
"So, what did he kill someone else?" Happy asked.
"Yeah," Lara admitted. "To be fair it just kind of happened."
"Hundreds of millions of dollars…" Oswin drifted off for a second, imagining everything that she'd be able to do with that kind of money. However, she couldn't let herself get carried away. Forcing herself to come back to reality, she said: "and if this ends up failing?"
." Tony could tell that Steve was a little taken aback by the firmness of his tone. "I can't just let this slide, Steve. If I just let this person get away with robbing me
"I always act with caution," Tony said. "Caution is also my middle name." Natasha raised an eyebrow.
Slowly, Jessica could feel the shock wear off and she regained the ability to speak.
So, Tony was forced to listen to the board's questions and concerns about the Avengers all over again, only to give them the same answers. It was worse now, though, given the disaster of the Washington D.C. trip, and now they had the bio-terror attack to prosecute him about. Additionally, the some of the board members had taken notice of Lara's absence and that she was seemingly replaced by the woman formerly known to them as "Miss Rushman." Now that they knew that she was more commonly known as the Black Widow – a former KGB operative-turned-S.H.I.E.L.D. agent and now apparently an Avenger – they were not exactly thrilled about it.
"You disconnected the transmission lines?" Pepper asked, just to make sure everything was good to go. "Are we off the grid?"
"Well, I was hoping you could help me by telling me what your people found on the surveillance video, Agent Bergeron." A frown came across his face.
"Well, it's wonderful to meet you, Captain Danvers." Natasha held out her hand.
"He has frostbite," Steve said. "I'm not sure what else." He looked at Tony expectantly. Again, Tony stared at him, not saying anything. Steve looked concerned and placed a hand on his cheek. Tony almost broke down right there. Why was Steve making this more painful than it needed to be?
"You're right," Adoniram said. "But we don't need to do that anymore. Not when we have this golden opportunity just sitting in our laps."
"You're all set," they said. "Now all you have to do is wait for further instructions from the CDC."
"Please tell me that wasn't the water I just made." Confused, Stark looked at the glass and back at her.
"And how's my favorite lady doing?" Laura chuckled.
"Husband, are you decent?"
"I just…" He paused for a second to take a calming breath. "I overheard something that I didn't like. That's all, no big deal." He tried to fool himself into thinking that Peggy would leave it at that, but he knew that wasn't real.
Sparing one last glance at Steve, Tony looked Pepper directly in the eyes.
Natasha let out her own nasty curse in Russian. They all turned around to face the man.
"You sure about that?" he asked. "You just got here."
"I have…"
"Even him."
"I would start with that stick of his," Steve said. "It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a Hydra weapon."
"Yes," she said.
"Yeah," Bruce commented. "You can't really tell much from that." Betty shrugged.
"I don't see how that should matter. I mean if you're ready and willing to talk." Carol narrowed her eyes while Natasha's raised in challenge. Before an argument could get started, Steve stepped in between them, placing a hand on each of their shoulders.
"I say we start downstairs and work our way back up until we either find him or end up back here," she said. "The first floor has the most common areas, including a bar. That's probably going to be where he'd head, first."
"Are you sure?" She asked. "Because that didn't seem like nothing. Do you know her?"
"Natasha?"
"I don't have to say anything to you," Sharpton said. "You murdered my daughter."
"…Until we finish the assessment," Bruce said. "Then we have to pay to find out whatever 'answer' it is you came up with."
"I've come up with eighty-seven results in the immediate area," JARVIS reported. "Would you like me to expand the search area or narrow the results?"
"I don't either," Steve said. "Believe me, but you don't need to get this upset over it. I'm fine." Tony could feel Steve's thumb brush over the back of his hand in what was meant to be a reassuring gesture. It didn't reassure him, and neither did the beer he bought off that kid hanging out on the park bench in front of the auditorium. He was sure his parents were proud.
"Okay, all I need you to do is reset the circuits," Tony explained. "I think when the explosion happened there was a huge power surge and the whole thing just overloaded. All you need to do is pull the switches above the plugs towards the center of the box on both sides. That sound easy enough?"
"By 'messed up,' what do you mean?" Rawls interjected. "Do you feel nauseated, achy, crampy…?"
"Uh, JARVIS says he's ten feet in front of us and two-hundred fifty feet up." Thor and Steve exchanged puzzled glances before turning to look up at the cliffside behind them. Clear as day, Loki sat atop the cliff and even gave them a little wave. Steve's jaw dropped in disbelief.
"Yeah," he said as he took the bottle from Steve. He struggled a little to get the bottle open but managed to do it without help. He carefully poured the liquor into the tiny plastic cup, worried that his hand would tremble and cause it to overflow. Satisfied with the amount, Tony handed the bottle back to Steve and brought the cup to his lips.
"You got it, Boss," she said. "Good luck."
"You're right," Romanoff said. "It didn't because that
Almost instantly the environment changed around him. He was standing on a platform in the middle of the sea and in front of him stood not the frog-man, but his beloved wife Mikah. His eyes widened in shock. Before he could say anything, Mikah opened her mouth and all at once Taquan was bombarded with information, so much information that he couldn't process it all. He saw entire civilizations rise and fall before his eyes and learned every deep dark secret of the universe. In order to protect himself, he reflexively pulled his hand back, causing his consciousness to return to the safety of the frog-man's apartment.
"No, you won't," Tony said. "I saw you then. It was too much for you. You wanted to leave."
"You're hilarious." Natasha shrugged.
What did explain it was the final page of the pamphlet; a full page on the Battle of New York. It was filled to the brim with explanations and justifications for what had happened that day and why, as well as putting the blame squarely on the Avengers' shoulders for "disrupting the fated day of reckoning." In other words, everyone was supposed to die that day and it was the Avengers' fault that didn't happen. The people who did die during the attacks had already "ascended to their next state" – but those who survived had been condemned to a fate worse than death. What that fate was to be was left unspecified, but from what Carol had heard in the convenience store, she had to think that they thought the Kree-Skrull War was coming to them.
, in my exile! I have seen the true power of the Tesseract, and when I wield it…"
"Sure," Tony said. "Well, Dr. Banner and I get along pretty well. We've been collaborating on a few projects in the past few months. He's also working in SI's Radiation research division and it's a privilege to have his insight."
"Holy shit," he muttered to himself. If the first floor was this bad, he wasn't sure he wanted to see the others. However, he needed to get downstairs fast. He needed to make sure no one had taken or trashed his armor.
people. That would imply people were property and the thirteenth amendment would have to disagree with that. So, most of the requirements were not met, meaning that flying Steve across the country without S.H.I.E.L.D.'s knowledge or permission technically wasn't kidnapping. At least, that's what Tony was going to say once S.H.I.E.L.D. caught up with them and took Steve back.
"So, is this all that we're putting behind us?" Tony asked. "Because I'm getting pretty sick of leaving all these conversations between us hanging." Steve sighed. He moved so he had one hand on the railing and looked down at the metal seal of the airlock below. This wasn't how he imagined telling Tony, but it seemed he had no other choice.
"Good idea," Knežević agreed. He stuck another chip in his mouth as his view changed to the (rather nicely) tiled floor.
"So, you fake your murder?" Lara questioned.
"Alright. Sorry." Stark clearly got that he needed to back off and said nothing else after that. Clint rolled onto his side, thinking that another hour or two of sleep wouldn't hurt him.
"Alright," he said. "I'll be waiting right out front." Lara nodded.
"Nope," Oswin said. "They're all clearly marked. I shouldn't have a problem."
"So, what," Bruce said. "We're just supposed to sit on our hands?" Natasha shook her head.
Almost as soon as they arrived at New Horizon's Labs, Natasha jumped out of the car. They had overheard Hill's communications with the S.T.R.I.K.E. team and knew that they were not supposed to proceed in their search of the building until she got there. However, the S.T.R.I.K.E. team had already spoken to the building's security. They had confirmed that Subarian was inside and got information about where he was likely to be. They also quietly locked down the entire facility. The only clearly accessible way was through the front doors, and if Subarian tried to flee, he'd just run straight into S.H.I.E.L.D.
Needing reassurance, Tony flipped his hand around to properly hold Steve's and gave it a squeeze. Steve squeezed back and Tony could not have felt more relieved. If he had Steve's support, Tony felt like he could do anything.
"And those plugs are going into a silver box in the center?"
"The Black Widow," Sharpton remarked. "I really hoped it'd be you who opened the letter, you murderous bitch."
He landed in a somewhat even spot on the rocks just a few feet from Knežević. The criminal didn't even look behind him as he took a swig from the crystalline bottle he was holding.
"Oh?" she said. "How is this supposed to work?" Her tone remained curious rather than indignant, and because of that, Tony was willing to answer the question.
Tony, meanwhile, gently put his hands on either side of Steve's face. Looking into Tony's eyes, he was surprised by how watery they had become.
"Because if I tell you, you won't believe me," Fury said. "Hell, I'm not even sure showing you will get you to believe me.
Salinas then went around the table giving everyone handshakes and each time stating how wonderful it was to meet them. None of them could say the reverse was true. The man continued to gush, though.
It was very easy to lose track of time in this enclosed room. He supposed that's why Coulson called him in at three AM – the man honestly didn't realize that it wasn't morning yet. There weren't any clocks on the walls and Tony noticed that not many of the agents had watches, so it made sense. However, it seemed much easier for Tony to lose track of time, probably because he wasn't feeling so well.
"It still wasn't your place to tell him," Smith pointed out.
"Yes," Lara admitted.
"I'm sorry." Bruce shook his head.
Once he was reawakened in the twenty-first century, he learned that things were different. Well, there were still a few blunders and confusions here and there, but eventually, it was all straightened out. He learned that being gay or bisexual was much more accepted today than it had been sixty-five years ago. Plenty of people were openly gay or bi and yes while there was still a lot of stigma behind it, they hadn't been arrested or detained to a mental facility. Tony, for example, was openly and publicly bisexual and he was freaking
"We need to see that footage," he said. "I need to know."
"Excuse me?"
"Walked." Salinas looked at his car and then back at Tony.
"You good?" he asked.
"Yes," Steve answered instantly. "Well, I mean not
"Why not?" He had to know. He had to know why this woman was daring to keep his children away from him.
"I'm sorry," Hill said, completely affronted. "You can't tell me what to do."
"Just tell me yes or no. Was there water in that glass?"
As she zoomed past the building where Clint had taken up position, she gave a quick glance behind her to see if the arrow knocked Loki off her six or at the very least slowed him down enough to enable her to get to the top of the tower safely. Unfortunately, when she looked around she saw that Loki had caught the arrow in mid-air. However, seconds later a blast sounded off behind her.
"Yes," Salinas said. "I got an update from her yesterday. They've nearly completed the testing phase. They're predicting that it will be ready for mass distribution within the next week or two."
"Uh," Clint said. "I don't think that's necessary."
"You weren't upset by it, were you?" Tony asked.
"You sure about that?" Carol nodded.
"What?" was the only word he could get out without putting his deep sense of annoyance on full display.
"Good, good," she said. "That's good. A step in the right direction."
"Thank you, all of you," he said, looking to Carol and Hill as well. "Thank you for finding him and keeping him safe. I don't want to imagine what would have happened if you didn't. I can't thank you enough."
"It's not nothing," she said. "That really helped, and it meant a lot." Clint shrugged it off.
His train of thought was interrupted by a loud knock on the door.
Originally posted to FFN on 9/1/20.
"Natasha," she corrected. "So, do you seriously not know where he's going."
Whether it was or not, it seemed to be helping. As the text conversation continued, Natasha seemed get better. She sat up straighter and a weight seemed to be coming off her shoulders. She regained a sense of composure and overall just seemed to be in a better head space. However, it wasn't until they were coming out of the Lincoln Tunnel that she spoke up again.
"I'll pick whoever's best for the job," Pepper said.
"Sadly," he said. "That's going to have to wait until later." Steve frowned.
"And if you can't?" Natasha asked slowly and carefully.
"Because everything is my fault," Clint said. "I'm the reason that so many S.H.I.E.L.D. agents died. I'm the one who almost brought down the hell carrier. I helped Loki escape with the Tesseract. I'm the reason that…" Clint stopped himself before he could finish that sentence.
"No, no," she said. "We're not playing this game again."
As to not single Lara out, it was mandatory for all upper management and their staff to go through this course, including him. Now, he was just wishing he had sent Lara to nursing school instead. It would have saved everyone a lot of agony. Not that there was no justification for doing the training anyway. After all, they just fired Freeman for slandering the company on national television. It made sense to do it now.
"Self-defense?" Dante questioned. "Is that what you're going to tell the cops? You're going to tell them that I was beating on you and you hit me?"
"Thanks." She shrugged out of the winter coat she'd been wearing and thrusted it towards Bruce, who hadn't realized her real question had been "do you mind if I use you as a human coatrack?" He gathered the jacket into his arms while Betty excitedly stuck her hands into the glove holes on the side of the box.
"Just hear me out…" She didn't even give him a chance to finish that sentence.
"Nah, my legs are tired anyways from sitting on them. Might as well stretch them out." Crossing the room with ease, Lara had the door open within moments. The shocked note in her voice was palpable. "Freeman? What are you…?"
"I feel like I've explained these fifty different times today." He pulled his hand away from his face and looked Rhodey in the eye. "I wasn't trying to kill myself. I just wanted to sleep." Rhodey raised an eyebrow to that.
"Did you not just hear my last point?"
. "They've been away, doing something for S.H.I.E.L.D. as far as I know, but they're going to be back with the Avengers for the foreseeable future and I look forward to working with them further."
Alright, this isn't going to be like the last time I left you guys hanging! No one's close to death at this point! I promise!
Wow. Well, this certainly isn't the news I was expecting to come back to...
"Well, I'd say it makes me a terrible person at least." Bruce couldn't help but frown at that. "Anyway, do you know what Barton is sick with? Is it curable?"
Although he was aware he still had a physical form, Steve couldn't remember what had happened; how he got here; why he couldn't hear, see, or feel anything. He remembered his childhood. He remembered that his mom got struck with consumption and succumbed to the disease. He remembered that there was a war going on; that Bucky enlisted. He tried to enlist too, but…
"What the fuck happened?" Clint tried desperately not to laugh, but their reactions were making it hard.
should be accompanying her." Instantly, Tony put his feet back down on the ground and Lara came to a stop next to Happy. Neither her nor Tony dropped the disappointed looks from their faces. DeMarcus sighed. "There's nothing I can do here. Unless you, Miss Potts, want an update on our case against the Hay-Adams Hotel…" Tony's brows knitted in confusion.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Nat," he said, though he couldn't hear himself. That made him realize that he couldn't hear anything else around him. Alarm bells were blaring in his mind, but he couldn't muster up the strength to care about his own personal well-being at this point. "Nat! What the hell happened? Who did this? How did they find the house?"
Loki thought.
Steve felt someone set their hand on his shoulder. He would have pushed them away, but they were being rather gentle, and he was freaking out too much to do so.
So, GOOD NEWS, I've already started on chapter twenty-eight. BAD NEWS, I've only written 177 words so far. GOOD NEWS, my next post-date isn't until November 22nd (Mark Ruffalo and Scarlett Johansson's Birthday.) BAD NEWS, I am currently sick, have two doctor appointments and lunch with my dad to go to between then and now, which may impede my ability to write. GOOD NEWS, stuff is actually going to happen next chapter, so when I do finish it we should be in a different place than we are now. BAD NEWS, you're going to get put through a wringer and probably hate me more. Gee, isn't this game fun!
"JARVIS, lift the restrictions on elevator access," Tony added. "We know for sure they're not damaged and no one else deserves to nearly kill themselves on the stairs."
to protect them.
When he did make it all the way up, the agent that was piloting the plane was finishing repairs to the rear hatch doors. Tony was working on patching up some of the parts of the armor that were damaged in his fight with Thor. Loki was strapped down to his seat and additionally restrained to the spot with bungee cables. Despite that, he seemed absolutely content with the situation, which once again unnerved Steve. Thor was standing up front, talking to Natasha.
"And I'm supposed to take your word for that?"
That was not surprising given that it was New York and the last time a building in New York had been struck by a large, rapidly moving flying object, a national tragedy had occurred. Despite that, Tony could already feel the aggravation in his blood.
"Yup," Tony said, popping the "p." "And if you want to know more about it, you can just ask your girlfriend. After all, she's the one who injected me with mystery drugs and kicked my ass into saving myself."
"Whatever you say." Tony returned the glass to the kitchen and then headed back towards the front door. Conroy followed him.
Originally posted on 9/27/20.
hospital they were at. He would have tried to call him back if his attention wasn't stolen by a none-too-pleased Obadiah Stane storming into the hospital's main lobby.
"I'll do my best, Brother," Freeman said. "I promise, I won't let you down."
"It wasn't about lock picking," Knežević assured. "It wouldn't have been allowed in the building if it was. It was mostly just the history and the facts and stuff. It didn't give instructions."
Remember kids, if you're a vampire like me, you should never go out into the sun.
"The CDC," Betty said. "I don't work with these kinds of diseases often, but I've worked with them enough to that that it's not easy to get access to them."
"How are you doing?" Stark hesitated a moment.
"I don't think I do either," Natasha sighed.
"I'm sorry," he said. "Did you just say…"
"If you're not going to help me out here, you're going to give me no choice but to heft you into a fireman's carry." Jessica let out an annoyed grumble.
It was somber, eerily normal Wednesday morning for Nina Alaska. She was trying to enjoy her usual morning cup of coffee when she heard a knock at the door. Putting her cup down, she walked over to the entryway and looked through the front door's peephole. She was shocked to see her girlfriend standing there, looking bed-ragged and worse for wear, but otherwise unharmed.
"What?" Pepper asked.
"So, this vessel is neither space-worthy," Steve heard Thor say as he stepped aboard the jet. "Nor is it one of Earth's avian species?"
"You can't promise that." Speaking forced Steve to take a breath and he almost choked on it. He leaned forward and coughed. From there he remembered the breathing exercises that his mother had him do whenever he had a coughing fit that left him unable to breathe and felt some relief come to him. When he looked up, Natasha had bent over so that she would still be eye-level with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
she thought.
"I look forward to it." Cranston smiled.
"Yeah, because at this point it's just beating a dead horse." He could feel the dread starting to boil away in his stomach again. "Besides, I'm just going to have to drudge this all up again tomorrow, so I might as well save it until then."
"Alright," Lara said. "He's not here. He very easily could be in one of the others' rooms. Let's go check it out."
"To be fair," Clint said. "I thought you'd be the first person to walk into the room. You would have – and did – see right through this."
"Maybe she went to one of the neighbor's houses?" Stephanie suggested.
"Good evening, Miss Danvers…"
"I was communicating with the Supreme Understanding," Adoniram said. "I do not need to defend myself to you."
"What vial?" Fury asked.
Clint opened a letter filled with a mysterious white powder, exposing himself, Steve, Natasha, and Tony.
"Asian Duran! That's your name! I knew I knew it!" Jessica frowned. She didn't remember slurred speech as being one of the symptoms of Irukandji Syndrome, but she supposed everyone reacts differently. Biting her lip, she glanced down the hallway, checking if Salinas was there.
"Because I don't trust that." Tony shrugged.
"Clint?" Laura's voice brought him back to reality, as it so often did. He focused back on the screen where Laura's image remained visible; a strained smile on her face. "Just promise me you'll be careful." Clint did his best to smile for his wife as he attempted to reassure her.
"Because I'm getting rid of the bar." A look of surprise crossed Steve's face.
"Alright, you win," Tony relented. "But can you at least make sure they're tall, tan, and blonde?"
"I'm fi…" He stopped himself, clearly biting down on his tongue to keep himself from saying anymore.
"Agent," he said, trying to come off as amicable when really, he was tired, annoyed, and in pain. "It's good to hear from you again. I was really in need of a three AM wake-up call."
Tony was silent for a moment, prompting Steve to look up at him. He had the same look in his eyes that he had whenever he was trying to fix something or figure out how to solve a problem. Normally, it was beautiful. Right now, it was concerning.
"I know, Tony," she said. "Steve already told me as much."
"Well, yes," Loki said like it was obvious.
"Yes," Pepper said immediately. "Yes, she's telling the truth. I hired her myself along with Mr. Stark and I can get the necessary files to prove that she's employed by Stark Industries."
Tarquan rushed to the escape pod, just in time to reach the remaining survivors before they departed. Mikah met him at the door. He held her for a few seconds before pulling the disc out of his coat pocket and placing it in her hands. She nodded in understanding of what needed to be done. Tarquan then touched his children's faces in an affectionate gesture before sending them all off inside the pod. The door sealed shut behind them and he could hear the shuttle disembarking. He sighed and a single tear rolled down his face before turning to join the other men in facing the wrath of the Kree.
"No?" Pepper questioned. "Why not?"
"That won't be necessary ma'am," the officer said. "I just needed that conformation." He turned to the two officers flanking Lara. "You can let her go." Lara visibly deflated as the two guards backed off.
"Wow," Pepper softly murmured to herself.
"What?" Bruce was trying to keep up with her while he (at least attempted to) neatly fold the dress. Lara was essentially slow running so it's not like she was helping any. "Slow down. Where are you going?"
"Eight o'clock on the dot," she said. "Don't you dare be late. Understood?" Steve knew that he couldn't promise, not as certain death was rushing towards him.
Thank you to mfaerie32 on FFN for the review and to Illegirlsus, mammal, and the guest who left kudos on AO3!
Remember kids, torture is only okay if you do it to fictional characters.
Natasha let go of Sharpton and took a step back. Sharpton started hysterically panting, fat tears rolling down her face. Nat only waited for her to compose herself enough to be able to put together a coherent sentence before questioning her further.
Tarquan gasped as he tried to regain his bearings. Distantly, he could hear the frog-man croaking with laughter.
"I don't think that's a good idea…"
"I know," Steve said. "And I'm not scared. I know a portion of it from S.H.I.E.L.D.'s files. I know about how you used to deal weapons and not care who it hurt. I know the man you were before you became Iron Man wasn't an angel and I'm sorry I tried to use that against you when we were arguing earlier because, in truth, you are a good man. You saw first-hand what your weapons were doing to people and you chose to stop it. You chose to save people. You risked your life for all of us; the Avengers, New York, the world, me… In fact, that's kind of what made me get my head out of my ass. The idea of losing you… I just couldn't take it. It made me stop caring about what other people thought and when you came back down to Earth… I was just so happy, and I just couldn't contain it. I need you, Tony. I need to move forward with you, and even if this whole relationship thing doesn't work out, I still need you in my life. Do you… Do you get that?"
"Were they in any of the movies we watched with Steve and Tony?" Bruce asked.
"Really?" Steve questioned. "Because if we never have sex and never openly date each other, I don't see how this is much of a relationship." Tony's eyes widened.
Natasha flung the door open and stepped out, slamming it shut behind her using her full strength. She could hear wood splintering and the loud clangs of what she could only assume to be the door hinges popping out of their proper places. Honestly, she couldn't even bring herself to care. She turned and marched straight down the hall, completely determined to save Clint's life.
could have gotten hurt. Do you understand that?" Clint looked down at his feet.
"Which would be…"
"That won't stop people from lying, though," Natasha pointed out.
"Thank God," she said. "That was really freaky."
Tony got to his feet and headed over to where Lara had passed out. Sprigs of blonde hair had broken free from her braid, her glasses were eschewed at an awkward angle on her face, and it appeared that she had attempted to use her right arm as a makeshift pillow and that honestly just wasn't too comfortable for her. Tony was gentle as he shook her shoulder and called out her name, so it came as some surprise when she tried to elbow him in the face.
Hours later, Loki awoke again. This time, however, he knew he was anything but alone. He heard footsteps in the distance. They were soft,as if whoever or whatever was approaching him either didn't weigh anything or had adapted to the surface of the asteroid and learned to move across it with flawless ease. Loki didn't dare move and kept his eyes shut, hoping that if he pretended to be dead, whoever it was would leave him be and move on. He wasn't so fortunate.
"Feel like what?" Steve questioned.
"Precautions regarding the integrity of the building are currently underway," Pepper said. "All the codes are being changed and all systems are being upgraded to prevent something like this from happening again.
"Mon dieu," she said. "I would have expected better of you, Captain."
"I am and I will," Tony assured. "Don't worry." Natasha smiled and patted his shoulder.
"Come on, Nat," Clint said. "Freedom!" Natasha raised an eyebrow.
He heard the door creak open as he set his feet down on the floor. A wave of pain rippled through his brain. If he wasn't feeling the effects of the hangover before, he was now. With a frown, Tony pulled the blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself. Only then did he start to move to join Steve, entwining his hand with his own when he reached him.
"Here's your damn burgers, Stark." Tony took the bag from the agent and checked to make sure that everything he ordered was in there. It was, but Tony still had to mess with the guy.
"Not as much?" Steve raised an eyebrow.
"That's because you have a mish-mash of thoughts in your brain that are tangling one subject to the next," Tony said. "Let me ask you this, do you want to have sex with me?"
"Alright," Steve said. "Thank you." The nurse nodded, collected everything they needed, and left. Steve gently ran his thumb over the back of Tony's hand. "Are you okay?" Tony hesitated in responding.
"Uh…" Steve could feel his heart slamming against his ribs. He hadn't felt like that since the last time he'd gotten pneumonia, which was a few months before the serum. He forgot how terrible that felt. "I'm not sure that's a good idea."
In a long-forgotten, derelict part of the galaxy, the Other stood on bended knee before his master, the Mad Titan himself, Thanos.
"Around twelve-thirty in the morning," Natasha said.
Natasha sat on her bed, resting her elbows on her knees and her head in her hands. Clint moved so he was standing next to the end of the bed while Bruce came to a stop in the doorway. Clint did not think that was the smartest place to be as it could lead to Nat feeling trapped, but he held back from saying anything. Instead, he waited to see how she would react to this intrusion upon her space. She did not, so Clint went on ahead.
"Absolutely no idea," Natasha said.
"By spent some time…?" Tony rolled his eyes.
"But I have to…"
With that, he turned back and continued leading Carol down the hall, feeling a few pairs of eyes staring at their backs. Holding the foyer door open for her, Tony could see Clint, Natasha, and Rhodey all exchange concerned looks. That would have made him nervous if he didn't lock eyes with Steve and saw nothing but besotted trust in the other man's eyes. Tony gave him a smile that he hoped conveyed all of the emotions that were fluttering around in his heart before stepping through the door. Then it was down to business again.
"Okay," she said. "That's fine. No hugging's good. Christ, sorry I'm a mess. These guys just broke in and…"
"No," Pepper said. "I haven't talked to her since then."
"Okay," she said. "What do I do if there's an emergency?"
"Thank you," Pepper said gratefully. However, when she caught a look at the screen, her face scrunched. "You're still using Vista?" Lara frowned.
"And what happened after that?" Hill asked.
"Aw," Clint said, looking down.
"That's not your fault, though," Steve said. "I just thought I could trust Peggy more than that."
?" Tony slammed the car door as he spotted Lara across the tarmac, standing by the plane with a cross look that could easily rival Pepper's. "We were supposed to leave thirty minutes ago."
, but he couldn't remember the last time he took a serious blow to the head (then again, that would be another symptom of a concussion). Just in case, though, he had Happy, Pepper, and Rhodey check his eyes at various points throughout the week. They all said his eyes looked fine (and were terribly confused and suspicious as to why they had to keep checking his eyes.) and he wasn't displaying any of the other symptoms of a concussion, so Tony felt safe taking that off the list of potential conditions. However, removing that from the list rendered the number of possible conditions he could have back down to zero, leaving Tony with no other option but to go back to the drawing board.
, or her trashy neighbors setting off fireworks at three in the morning to blame. Nope, this time she spent most of the night lying awake, waiting for sleep to come, but it never did. It was all on her and that would be fine if it wasn't for the facts that this was Friday morning, she had to work, she was going to D.C. the next day, and she would have no time to catch up on sleep over the weekend. To top it all off, she couldn't even get a coffee at Starbucks because all the artificial flavorings and sweeteners they dump in that stuff would throw her into a diabetic coma. How wonderful!
"I wouldn't do that if I were you." Slowly, Knežević got up from behind the couch. His eyes took in the sight of his two young daughters. They were both the spitting image of their mother with their dark skin and curly hair. Audrey's eyes were wide with shock and recognition while Stephanie's eyes narrowed in confusion. Heartbreak hit him hard. His own daughter didn't even recognize him. It almost brought tears to his eyes, but relief quickly came in the sound of Audrey's voice.
"Whoa," Tony said, cutting the choir off. "What is this? Why are you singing?"
"We are," Bruce assured. "The model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature now. When we get a hit, we'll have a location within half a mile."
To be safe, though, when he got up from the breakfast table to get seconds, he went back up to the mimosa table and poured the contents of one glass into the flask that fit perfectly into the interior pocket of his blazer. You know, just in case he needed it later.
The suit was truly on its last legs when Tony finally reached the tower. Natasha and Clint had agreed to keep back, at least for a few minutes. However, if Tony didn't come out of the Tower by then, they were going in, full-force.
"Okay," he said before his eyes drifted southward. "Are you going to need any help with that, though?" He gestured to Tony's exposed privates, clearly erect. Tony waved it off.
"Because you're an able-minded adult," she said. "You don't
"Can I just ask for one thing?"
"I know you weren't trying to hurt me," Clint carefully broached.
"Okay," Steve relented, and his mother promptly left to get help.
sex life, and if they could vilify him
"You still could have stopped me from there," Stark pointed out.
Alright, he would agree that was an overstatement, but he really did feel like a bad person. As far as he was concerned, Peggy had been gone for two seconds and he already felt attracted to someone else. What made it worse was that this person was Howard Stark's (an alive, vibrant person the same age as him two days ago but was now a dead man with a thirty-something-year-old) son. If that wasn't six different kinds of messed-up, he didn't know what was.
"Awful," Tony said, pressing his face into Steve's shoulder. "I feel like I can't breathe."
Oswin got down on her knees, covering her head and neck with her hands and forearms. She then moved on to the next step on her mental checklist.
Anyways do everything you're supposed to after reading a chapter/story you like. I need to get my brain cells working again.
Tony's gaze went away from Steve's face and down to the floor. He really didn't deserve Steve. No matter how many times Steve told him otherwise, Tony couldn't bring himself to believe it. How could he? Steve was perfect. Tony had been told so his entire life, but he didn't believe it until he met him in person. Steve was, in fact, perfect, but not anything like how Howard had described him when he was younger. Steve was thoughtful, loving, and kind. He was there for Tony when he needed him. He was there for Tony when he needed him and even when he didn't. Steve was both physically and mentally strong, and just being near him could make a person feel like they could do anything. A man like that – in Tony's eyes, at least – was perfect, and that was why he didn't deserve him. It was impossible for someone as imperfect as him to stand alongside someone as perfect as Steve. He knew. He'd been trying his whole life.
"How about all of it?"
"Iron Man?" Tony's face broke out into a huge grin. The words Nick Fury said during their first meeting almost a year ago echoed through Tony's mind.
"I wish him the best of luck," Lara said. "He's going to need it."
"Director Fury," Tony greeted as he walked up to the two men. "Agent Coulson."
"It was something she felt she needed to tell me," Tony said. "And honestly, I think it was something I needed to hear."
A war to formed within Steve; part of him wanted to help Tony get better, and the other part wanted to protect him no matter what. It was chaos, and all he could do was hold Tony tighter as the debate raged on in his head. It was so intense that Steve almost missed the door.
"That's good for now," Tony said. "Thank you."
Anyways, if you enjoyed this chapter please leave a review!
Tony didn't answer, but it wasn't out of spite. He genuinely didn't know how to answer that question. He knew what he should say, and he knew what the reality was. He should say "of course I feel fulfilled. I'm the owner of a Fortune 500 company. I have more money than most people could ever dream of having; expensive homes, exotic cars, and I'm dating Captain America. To put the icing on the cake, I am Iron Man. Of course, I'm happy with my life." However, the reality of all of that was vastly different. He wouldn't be there if that wasn't the case and he had a feeling Salinas already knew that. So, he remained silent, figuring that no answer was the best answer. Salinas would take it however he would. Salinas dropped his right foot and started pulling the other sock over his left.
"It would appear so, Sir."
Dazed, Tony sat up a little bit. Looking around, he could see that the room was the same shape it was when he last slept in it, but it felt a lot smaller. The walls were a dark shade of blue and the raw poured cement floor replaced with a dark-stained hardwood. There was a TV and a small seating area in front of him. On his right side, a desk had been set up along with a basic PC. (Obviously not meant for Tony.) However, the most significant change was that he was lying in a bed. Not on a flimsy plastic blow-up bed nabbed from some liquidation store. An actual, real bed that he was going to share with Steve. He couldn't lie, it felt nice.
"I think your guess was right, Lara," she said. "It looks like this stuff is related to the bio-terror attack."
"Yeah," he said. "Home's still not a good place, wherever it is."
"No, it wasn't," Steve said. "I know it wasn't."
As far as she could tell, Carol was only a little scraped up and had a few minor flash burns from the explosion. It wasn't any worse than what a sunburn would normally be for a human. There was blood on her person, but she was sure the EMTs had dismissed it as an "unknown substance." She was thankful that she wouldn't have to explain it right then, but she knew once she got to the hospital, it was going to come up.
"I'm sorry," he said. "But rules are rules and the majority agreed." Tony crossed his arms, pouting a bit, but clearly in an overly dramatic fashion.
Tony had gotten up and retrieved a yellow legal pad and a couple of number two pencils. He gave Steve an apologetic shrug as he set the items down on the table.
"Yes," Steve responded with a sad note in his voice.
Steve tried to take heed of Natasha's words. She was right after all. Standing there, freaking out wasn't going to help them find Tony. However, the rational part of his brain was being severely overpowered by the irrational parts. Thoughts of worry flashed through his head at the speed of lightning and the air in the room was getting thinner by the moment. Oddly enough, he was reminded of the time when Tony told him that he knew he was bisexual and he had to run outside for fresh air before he could even give Tony the chance to explain himself. It was the same feeling only this time his feet were firmly rooted to the ground. He felt like if he moved, he would collapse dead on the floor. He'd be more concerned about that if he wasn't throwing all of his concern to Tony.
"Reading you loud and clear Alfa-Niner. Patching you through to Director Fury now. Over."
"All in favor, say 'aye.'" Natasha's instructions were followed by a chorus of ayes from her, Steve, and Bruce.
Before Tony knew it, the producer walked into the room and asked him to follow her. He obliged, following her from one end of the hallway to the other. Entering the room, he saw Freeman and Lara sitting at a table out of view of the cameras. He saw Lara give him a small wave (a gesture that was probably meant to reassure him) before he looked to his left and saw Christine Everhart standing to greet him.
"While many interventions are instrumental in nudging [an addict to] treatment, they are not always effective for everyone. It is important to take a look at all aspects of your loved one's situation to understand if an intervention is a good option as many factors can play a role in how one unfolds, which can never be accurately predicted. [...] If a person's life is in jeopardy, an intervention may be the only option you feel you have left. [...] Typically, an intervention is a last-try effort for an addict who has consistently refused to get help."
Tony took a deep breath before saying, "come in officer."
"That's not possible," Tony said. "When? Where? How?"
"So, this Dr. Banner was trying to replicate the serum they used on me?" Steve asked as the man who had introduced himself as Agent Phil Coulson came over. He had already read the files back at his apartment and had them memorized front-to-back. He still couldn't believe some of what he read through. Norse Gods? A man and a monster inhabiting the same body? The fact that they still had that faulty character report in Tony's file? All these things were somewhat beyond comprehension for Steve, but he couldn't say that he was honestly surprised by them. After all, he did just come from the 1940s where red-faced Nazis built magic guns that instantly vaporized people. Try explaining that to someone with a straight face and expect to be taken seriously.
"Well, it almost worked," Tony remarked.
"The Iron Man armor is ready for assembly at any time." As soon as the AI said the word, Tony headed over to the assembly platform. Catching on to what was happening, Steve followed him, coming around to stand in front of the platform as Tony stepped into the footholds and the machines inside the platform came to life and started to assemble the armor around him.
"Miss Everhart," she said. "Christine Everhart? Why is that a problem."
Already, a few dozen people got up and started forming two neat, single-file lines. Tony could see the staff members – wearing the university's colors of blue and gray – carefully explaining how the microphones worked to the people at the front of the line and going over the rules for asking questions. Joe, meanwhile, turned back to them.
"What exactly did she say when she sent you the video?"
"They dropped you for that?" Lara questioned. "Isn't that illegal?"
After a long day and getting confronted about his drinking twice, Tony walked out of an event and Steve followed him.
"True," she said. "But if there was, I'm not seeing it. That's not the point, though. They sent me in undercover as a Homeland Security agent. So far, I've seen the crime scene, but all of it came up clean."
"It's settled then," Lara said. "Killer Queen goes." Carol raised an eyebrow at the nickname.
"Where have you seen it?" she asked. "Because I don't recognize it."
"Did the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents monitoring the event say anything to you guys about it?" Steve asked Romanoff.
Duran didn't hesitate. She shot the gun, having aimed it directly at Knežević's chest. It didn't kill him, though, as he reached up and caught the bullet in his hand, turning it to stone and dropping it uselessly to the ground. Duran froze for a second in sheer shock, which ended up being her undoing. Knežević sped into a nearby alleyway. By the time that sense snapped back into Duran and she began to pursue him, he had already disappeared from the scene.
"I'm sorry." It came out muffled like she had brought her hands to her face in the pure horror of what she had done. "I can fix it! I'll put it back on the wall!"
"Wouldn't have suggested anything else," she said, a clear British accent marking her voice. "Thank you." She then walked around Carol and went into Stark's room. Carol turned her gaze to Fury.
"We can't find him," Lara outright admitted.
By the time she reached that point of the pamphlet, Carol had enough. She ripped it into pieces and for good measure she hit those pieces with a few energy blasts. Only ash was left when she was done with it. Still, she couldn't help the sick feeling she was getting in her stomach.
"We're done," she confirmed. Tony stood up and started to take off his microphone. Everhart, meanwhile, turned back to look at Freeman and Lara.
"You too, Mr. Stark." Tony's hand was very rough and calloused, Steve noticed as the handshake came to an end. Despite that, it felt good to hold Tony's hand in his and this was
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm sure," he said.
"Shit," she said. "That party was the bomb!"
"None." Lara started rubbing her temples. "We're essentially stuck in limbo until Tony sobers up, and provided that he doesn't go through withdrawals."
," she stressed. "That means I drop everything I'm doing within reason and help."
"But it seems they think you're deserving of it," Conroy said. "I mean, I know the robbery was a huge screw-up – and just referring to it as a 'screw-up' is an understatement in and of itself – but from the way the kept going at you, you'd think they were convinced that you poisoned the water supply, burned their crops, and set a plague unto their houses."
"Nope," he said, popping the "p". "To each his own. …Or her own. It's only fair."
"Hey," he said. "Are you okay?" Steve smiled.
"I know," Lara agreed. "I was more talking about life in general. You know, getting back up on your feet?"
"Nah," Johnny called out from the shack he was holding up in. "I don't really think I want to!"
"Well, it's how I feel," Tony said. "And I'm not supposed to be lying about that anymore."
"Pretty bad," Steve said. "I put a cold cloth on his forehead, but that hasn't seemed like it's done much to help."
Thanks to Balletgrl046 for leaving a comment and theskullycat and the 3 other guests that left kudos on AO3! It really means a lot!
"Alright," she said. "As I said, just see if there's anything Tony needs to sign. We'll figure out what to do with the rest of this stuff…"
"Did S.H.I.E.L.D. send you?" Natasha scoffed at the notion.
Tony shut his eyes and took a deep breath. He didn't want to fight with Pepper any more than she wanted to fight with him. So, he did her the courtesy of trying to calm himself down before he tried talking to her, especially since she didn't deserve to have all his frustration at Freeman dumped on her. Once he felt calm enough, he opened his eyes and looked at her.
She waited for the officer to place her under arrest or at least reprimand her in some way, but no such thing happened. He just jotted down notes in his pad.
"Uh, can this wait?" Pepper asked. "We're kind of in the middle of a meeting…"
"Just pressing charges against them won't make them stop," Cabe said.
"What?" Lara wanted to laugh at the look of shock on Bruce's face, but she knew that would give her away to Lucy.
"And we weren't expecting you to." Bruce gave Hill a strange look. "We need
"Uh, listen," he said. "I don't know if you know this already, but Stark's kind of…" His mouth froze mid-sentence and stayed that way for a full thirty seconds before making a face that one would make upon being force-fed a slug. "You know what, it's not my place. Never mind. I'll unlock the office for you, so you can make your call."
"I thought we just got through talking about sex," he pointed out.
"'Salinas has been a follower of the teachings of the Peoples Unity Church of the Supreme Understanding since at least the age of nineteen,'" Romanoff recited. "'He's heavily involved in church activities and appears to be a senior member of the group."
"Oh God," he said. "What did they do now?"
"Why can't life be easy?"
"Yeah," was Steve's only response.
If the ventilator wasn't obstructing his mouth, Clint would have smiled. God, he just wished he could be with them right now. His heart ached, he wanted it so bad.
"Okay," the operator said. "I'll let them know."
he thought.
"How long?" Tony said as he tried to push himself to his feet but was thwarted by a Chitauri slamming the bottom of its spear into his helmet.
"I can close it," she said. "Can anybody copy? I can shut the portal down!"
"In my defense, I was new to the job," Lara said. "I've learned, gotten better since then."
Tony thought.
"And I'll be back in a minute." Tony assured. "It's just downstairs and besides, we can't expect her to carry everything by herself."
work we could be doing down in legal." Pepper's eye twitched at the annoyance in his tone, but still managed to look and sound pleasant.
"Yeah, right." They paused for a second and inhaled deeply. "You smell like hobo pee."
"If that's all," he said. "We'll be leaving you all to rest for now." Steve nodded and held out his hand to Fury.
"JARVIS," she said once she assumed, she was out of Carol's earshot. "Keep an eye on Captain Danvers for me, please."
"You sure?" Tony asked.
Eventually the conversation got more heated as Tony had been sure it would. With everything that happened and the fact that they had someone in their midst that most considered to be a traitor, the tone in the room was a bit more biting than usual. For the most part, it did not cross the line into intolerable. That was until one board member – Mr. Hector Fair – had to open his big, fat mouth.
"I get the feeling that your promises don't mean shit," Conroy said.
"Thank you." She then walked past him and went to the storefront where Lucy was waiting. The other woman smiled.
"What's going on?" Tony asked.
"You're going to grow up to be a big brave dog, aren't you? Aren't you?"
"I believe it's a way to test my loyalties," she said. "Gain their trust. It's nothing too complex. They want me to figure out how Stark Industries was robbed, probably so they can go in and rob it for themselves."
"I get it," Bruce said. "I'm kind of hoping the same thing right now. It's horrifically selfish but at the same time…"
"I had a feeling you would." Steve started to lean down a bit and unfortunately, Tony had to scooch back.
Jessica headed to the sink. She looked down at the shattered glass, wondering how she could clean it up without touching it. Outstretching her hand, she held it over one of the larger pieces of glass and began to feel the energy build up. With a bright flash of yellow light, the energy ejected from her palm and hit the piece of glass, crunching it into smaller pieces. She repeated the process until she felt she had broken down the larger pieces to be small enough. Then, she took the sprayer and sprayed the glass into the drain. That probably wasn't good for the plumbing, but it solved a problem.
"Hallelujah," she remarked. "Seriously, thanks. That would have driven me crazy."
"Yes," Fury said. "And I was hoping you'd explain to me what in the hell happened." Jessica swallowed hard.
After about a minute or so, Pepper finished replying to her e-mail and came over to sit beside him. Only then did Tony start trying to string together what he wanted to say.
"You haven't checked on them?" Natasha shrugged.
," he said. "I take it you do stuff like that…" He gestured over to the TV, which had now changed to a weather report. "…often."
. The doctor apologized for it, though, mostly because the process had rendered Clint unable to speak. Clint signaled that he was fine with it, and then started signing, hoping that someone would recognize what he was doing and help him out.
"Yes sir," Carol said, holding out a hand. "And you're Daniel Adoniram."
"Listen," Duran said. "We have no time for this. I believe Vasyl Knežević is on a killing spree and you might be his next intended victim." Duran could have sworn that she felt Oswin's veins run cold through the skin of her wrist.
"Is there anything you need me to do other than sit here and wear this?" Conroy waved the finger had the sensor attached to it.
Carol launched into an explanation of what she had overheard the previous night and her attempt to find out more information. Neither Fury nor Hill needed to be told that as soon as she heard the word "Kree," there was no keeping Carol away. She was going to get to the bottom of things no matter what. What took them by surprise, though, was the name of the group that she had been investigating.
The forum on the top of the stack was easy enough to fill out. It was the standard patient care information sheet that had to be filled out anytime someone met with a new doctor. By some miracle, Tony managed to remember all his information except for his social security number. For that, he had to text Lara. She sent it back to him along with "you know you're going to have to change it again now, right?" Tony was aware of that. Having your personal information leaked every couple of months was one of the curses of being a public figure – no matter how advanced your online security was.
"So, we head downstairs, shower, and evacuate?" Cap asked.
Initially freezing for a second, Lara hit the button to close the elevator doors (probably angering a few of the people trying to get onboard.) Pausing for a few seconds to catch her breath, Lara hit the button for the floor Cabe's office was on. It was clear they needed to have a chat.
"Captain Danvers already demonstrated her abilities to us," Steve said. "I can assure you that she's not lying."
Looking around the room, Tony was quick to notice that all the agents had gathered around the observation room window. Tony worked his way around the people until he was standing directly in front of the window next to Hill and Coulson.
It was only then that Natasha relaxed. Trusting that the AI would alert them if Carol tried anything funny, she stepped into the local elevator with the others.
"So, Stark," she said. "There's something I needed to talk to you about." To her surprise, he scoffed.
Tony wasn't sure how much time had passed. He wasn't even sure where he was or who he was talking to. He knew he started at the bar and was probably still at the event venue. Other than that, he was completely clueless.
"Alright. I'll see you at dinner." He started to lean in, but at the last second, Steve forcibly pulled himself back. Tony had to look on in disappointment as he watched the three of them start to head for the stairs.
"No." Tony just blinked in confusion. "I haven't done anything wrong. Why should I worry about what the press has to say about me?"
"I'm in the middle of an interrogation," Natasha said. "This moron is giving me everything." It was apparent that the boss understood that remark as his eyes went wide.
"What I'm saying, Mr. Stark, is that it's entirely possible that there was a data breach like the one you described, and you were unable to detect it." Tony's gaze became increasingly harder with every word that Schaffer spoke. "I mean, your whole system relies upon the idea that idea that no one can outsmart the great Anthony Stark…"
"Nope," he said. "I thought I had a good one, but the more I thought about it, the less I liked it."
"Tony, you know that's a one-way trip…" The shock in Steve's voice was palpable. Still, that didn't deter Tony. As scared as he might be, this is what needed to be done. Still he couldn't bear to hear Steve's voice for even a second longer. He didn't want to hear Steve's pain once he was gone.
"No," he said. "It can wait for a bit. We can get away with just keeping him warm for now."
his arms. All he could feel was
All in all, Lara and Tony's conversation went better than she thought it would. Granted, it was easy to have your expectations surpassed when you kept them lower than sea-level. While Tony didn't like what she did, he understood the idea and frustration behind it, so he was willing to let her off the hook if she promised not to do it again, which honestly, she wouldn't. It might have been effective, but those sirens were just
Lara turned to climb up the stairs that led to the plane. Tony followed her, with Steve close behind him. Bruce brought up the rear.
Steve gave a small nod, walked over to the chair by Tony's bedside, and sat down. The chair was more comfortable that he was expecting but found that he couldn't quite relax into it. Looking at Tony, he made eye contact with the other man who was looking at him through heavy eyelashes and was running his tongue over his top lip. For a moment, the sight was enough to ease his mind, but then the same avalanche of worried thoughts came crashing down.
he was just so happy to see Steve. Nothing could burst his bubble, not when he was high on just being near another person.
"Do Harrison and Amanda know you kidnapped their daughter?" Tony asked.
Steve sat in silence for another moment, letting the weight sink in. The only people who knew about this horrible man and what he did to Tony were Rhodes, Pepper, and Happy; the people closest to him. Now, that list included Steve. That was a huge burden to take on, and it left his heart feeling weak.
"Yes," Tony admitted.
Tony and Clint have been rushed to the hospital and placed under quarantine after Clint accidentally opened a letter containing a fine white powder. Meanwhile, Bruce has been working with an old friend to try to uncover what the powder could have possibly been.
In the Eastern Orthodox religion, they celebrate Christmas on January 7th. I'm not entirely sure of the reasons why I think it has something to do with their calendar being different. No one in my family is Eastern Orthodox, but we do sometimes celebrate Christmas on this date because there are lots of us scattered across the country and for a lot of us it's easier to honor local commitments on Catholic Christmas and then come together on Orthodox Christmas to celebrate the holiday with our long-distance relatives (who, to be honest, are much nicer than my local relatives.) This year is no different, so while I'm celebrating, I just wanted to wish you all a happy holiday, even if you don't have this weird tradition as I do. Next time, we're getting into the real action!
"Alright," he said. "But can I have a kiss before you go?" Tony smirked.
"It's just numbers, right?" Bruce nodded. "Then I don't need to know what it does, just the basic principles of mathematics."
"Alright then," Bruce said. "One bowl of soup, coming up."
"Hi." His tone was as dry as a desert. "What the hell was that?"
"Whittaker," the woman supplied. "Vivienne Whittaker. Please, call me Viv." There was a flirtatious undertone to the way she smiled.
"There's no need to be wise, Miss Romanoff," one of the board members warned.
"No," she said. "He was actually decent. At least, I thought so at the time. I guess you could say that he convinced me to give the marriage a shot. I mean, other than my job, I had nothing going on in my life, so it wasn't a hard sell, and for the first year things were good. The second-year and a half, though, not so much."
"Regardless," she said. "I don't see why I can't just do all the other paperwork and leave that to you."
"Yeah, but still…" Lara shrugged. "It just seems really weird to me.
"Right away, Sir," the AI said as a loading screen popped out of the phone's holographic display. It was quickly replaced by an alphabetized list of all the files and documents found matching the set parameters. "Search completed, forty-eight results found. Anything else I can do for you, Sir?"
"Uh, we got a little disorganized," was the best explanation Tony was able to give.
"See you tomorrow." After that, the door to Tony's room shut and he was left alone. Sighing, he rolled to his side and grabbed his phone off the nightstand beside him. Tapping the screen, he was inevitably disappointed. No new calls or messages. He set the phone back down on the nightstand, rolled to the opposite side of the bed, and buried his face in the pillow.
"So, you're going to walk around D.C. at nine-thirty at night looking for an ice cream shop that sells diabetic ice cream and that's open in the middle of January."
"I didn't mean an actual prison break," Tony said. "I don't even want to imagine what S.H.I.E.L.D. would do to me if I tried that." Steve could hear Tony audibly shudder. No, I was thinking more along the lines of convincing S.H.I.E.L.D. to let me take you out for a little while."
"No," Steve said. "At least, not that I can see."
"But how did she get abilities like that?" Bruce questioned before looking over at Carol. "I mean, are you from another planet, like Thor?"
"Ah, sir, would you mind stating your name again?" The operator asked. "Just for the record. I didn't catch it the last time." Tony rolled his eyes.
"Not to talk to the press." Freeman frowned.
Virginia after all, a part of the Bible Belt. A lot of people were bound to be religious.
Tony couldn't help but agree with that part of himself. He's been such a terrible boyfriend. He's surprised Steve didn't break up with him sooner. Yes, didn't. He had already accepted that this was going to happen. There was no point in fooling himself, after all.
Tony could hear genuine remorse in her tone, but still didn't let his guard down. Dr. Cranston took a sip from a water bottle she kept on her side table and collected herself. Pushing her hair back, she looked Tony right in the eye.
"Overheard something?" Peggy asked. "What? Was it something your father said?"
"Well, just know you can, anytime." Lara returned the smile.
She hit the first number again.
Steve slowly got up and headed to the kitchen with Tony following closely behind. As promised, he found the food in the microwave. He took a quick peak at the meal before starting it up. It looked good enough and he could find no problem with any of the vegetables, so he shut the door and hit the "reheat" button. He then turned back around to look at Tony, who he was surprised to find was sporting a little bit of a pout, causing Steve to frown.
