“Wait, wait. Hold up. Am I hearing you right?” Rhodey interrupted while Tony was in the middle of breaking it down. “You want
When it was time to say goodbye, Tony lingered in his mother’s embrace, breathing in as much of her scent as he could. When he finally tore himself away, he found his father looking at him with a soft, almost tender expression. He recalled the last hurtful exchange they’d had.
Tony gasped and pulled away, and indeed, smoke escaped from his nose and mouth as he stared at the spreading flames. “I’m sorry. I have to go,” he whispered urgently, as panic blazed in his eyes.
“Steve!” he shouted, and blew a jet of fire at the troll who had raised his big, hairy fist above the king’s head, all prepared to club him.
Steve didn’t need to see beyond the fog to know that hundreds of the world’s finest warships lay waiting on their waters. One could only guess at the number of men and arrows they carried. And all that was standing between the enemy and
Above them, the crows circled and cawed, but Tony could make out the distinct croaking of a raven, one which landed on the back of Sam’s hand. There was a moment of silence when Sam and the bird shared a look. Then, just as swiftly as it came, it was off and soaring for the skies.
He never needed one anyway. Just a word, a name – Pepper, and he’d dropped all commitments to be there. She was laughing at his War Machine joke (that no one else found funny), so he took it as a cue to leave them alone.
“That was for shooting me. In Odessa. And this is for DC,” she explained, slapping him a second time.
Tony frowned as he tried to recall a name. Something sinister-sounding. Along the lines of ‘Rich Villain”.
Tony had been teasing when he asked if Steve had something against running away. But Steve had been earnest and sincere in telling him that running wasn’t a solution. But fighting was. And if you loved or wanted something badly enough, you’d always stay and fight for it.
After all the progress they'd made, Tony couldn’t help but feel disappointed when Steve wished him good night and left him outside his bedroom door. So, as he watched his husband retreating to his bedroom, he called.
Pietro moved forward to stand beside his sister. “And who decides who’s weak?” Pietro asked, as he turned the shield over to look at its underside.
Steve frowned. “That’s not exactly the word I would use.” He closed his eyes, and his features softened. “Is it wrong to love the light? Is it so bad for moths to love the fire? Why, then, do we reach the stars? It’s not a mistake. It’s inevitable.”
They were on the young side, perhaps in their late teens, but it was hard to tell with the way dragons aged.
Tony raised a brow. “Your best views, eh?” he teased, and Steve had to bite back a laugh when he caught Tony staring shamelessly at his rear. “Or you know what? We could race?"
Tony took the tiny nod as permission to treat the wound with the contents of his first-aid box. Apart from a soft hiss that escaped when Tony dabbed at the cut, the other man made no other sign of protest, and even allowed Tony to clean the soot from his skin. It warmed his heart and filled him with joy, and Tony didn't want to stop, but there were only so many times he could run his pocket square over the man's face without it being awkward. “There you go, all done now,” he informed the other man when he was sure he'd gone past the limit.
“Nope. They don't. They'd be a wreck, always worrying about when he was going to die. Yet so proud of the man he’s become. They'd be wildly conflicted. It would drive them crazy.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony choked out, between sobs. “I’m so sorry. I don’t know what came over me. I wasn’t myself. I was alone and he came and he said those things. I told him to stop. But he wouldn’t let go. And I wanted it to be you, Steve. I wanted it to be you.”
Tony would have stayed on the spot for a lot longer if not for a familiar voice in his ear. “Welcome back, sir.”
Tony had had enough darkness for a lifetime. He went in pursuit of the light, not the sun, not even the moon or the stars. He'd be grateful for just a lamp to light his way.
Tony jabbed his finger into the damn sand and spelt out the letters of the legendary dragon’s name in a last-ditch attempt to summon the beast.
“Gee. Thanks, Mom," he whispered, touched. Marshmallows gone, he finished his drink, feeling all warm and toasty inside.
Eyes widened and jaws fell as the twins turned to look at Thanos, but the emperor just threw his head back and laughed, emphasising Tony’s point when his enormous chins caught the light.
He lay on the ground, still damp with rain, and felt the moist grass soaking his clothes and his skin, thinking that being submerged in water and drowning in it was preferable to the prospect of living in a world without Tony Stark.
A horn sounded in the distance and the ground began to shake. Blades of grass trembled under the hooves of enemy horses – and it was all the warning they needed.
Thank you to everyone who's been reading this story and for all the lovely comments last chapter. They made me so so so happy, you have no idea. This story has a few more twists and turns but I hope you will continue to enjoy it. <3
Tony felt the mountains trembling, shaking tender leaves from their branches. Then came the battle cry - terrible and grotesque, which made his heart stop and his blood freeze. Feet rooted to the ground, Tony saw hundreds and thousands of horsemen, covered in furs and riding like the wind. A handful of trolls and stone-giants lumbered behind them, and at times appeared to crush the riders beneath their feet.
At the warm press of his mouth, Steve’s lips parted like the petals of a blooming flower, and let him in, offering to him the perfect mix of fresh flowers and aged honey and everything else that was the love of his life.
So, the last chapter ended with a lot of screaming and panicking! I just wanted to assure everyone that all will be okay even though it may take a bit more time (there are only two more chapters to go so it can't take much more time).
“You know what? We’re done,” Steve said, decisively, switching to his captain’s voice. “I was hoping you were going to be reasonable. But it doesn’t matter.”
“Are we really all alone?” Tony asked as he marvelled at the white, sandy beach, completely empty. “Where are all the loving couples?”
“You don’t live with your parents anymore. I don’t think anyone but we should decide what we do in our home. So, fix whatever you want. Build whatever you like. I just want you to be happy with m- here."
If ever one was lost in the middle of a fight, Steve, with his perfectly-aligned moral compass, was the one they all should look to. He was the needle pointing north, a beacon in a fog, the stars in the night. Not a perfect warrior, but a good man – unwaveringly bright in spite of the darkness.
The next morning, Tony woke up to the scent of blueberry pancakes on blueberry pancakes. Steve told him he’d never slept better. They discussed the headlines and mused about the identity of Iron Man. Had a debate on whether or not he was a superhero.
Steve cleared his throat. “You want to keep staring at the grass, or do you want to go to work? I mean, it is some interesting grass.”
He was about to use his last lifeline (phone-a-spouse) when power came back and he swept away from the ground narrowly, soaring upwards amidst his shrieks of triumph.
Bucky stood stiffly in place. “I - I never told her. Despite how much we fought, I loved her most. And she was the best of us.”
Seeing the surprise on Tony's face, he softened. “Look, it’s been a long day and this –,” he said, moving his hand to indicate both of them. “This is hard for me, but here’s the thing and it’s the truth – I’m glad that he chose you.”
Tony rolled his eyes and glared at the stubborn man. He could sniff the blood in the air and hear the telltale sounds of blood trickling on stone. “Steve,” he growled, and took a step forward.
“Neither will Armestria. Just like us, they can't afford to lose this war. They will send us the weapons, with or without a wedding. You know that.”
“So, yes, I liked the way you cooked. And right now, I love the way you shine. You will never be too much or too little of anything because you are just the right amount of everything I love. And we may be broken for now, me more so than you. But I know you’ll put us back together.”
A compromise meant meeting in the middle, a halfway point he couldn’t move to. There were too many positions from which he could not budge. But the collision of their worlds had also created new paths, and there were so many other places to meet halfway. The distance wasn’t so large that it couldn’t be crossed. And they had just enough common ground between them to find their way back to each other.
“And the fate of the world hangs on to your word, your majesty,” the messenger said, stressing the words, as if to remind Steve of this heavy responsibility.
He squeezed his eyes shut and willed himself to stop thinking.  Dragons were solitary creatures. They didn’t need anyone. Steve was happy without him and –
“Yes,” Tony said, as the band of dragonbone shifted around Tony's finger so the iristone could go on it.
"Yep," Steve answered as he tightened his grip of his warm arms and strong thighs around Tony’s neck. “Eyes up, stay sharp,” he added, urging Tony to turn his head back to face their enemy.
Steve looked remorseful, but a long way from an unconditional surrender. “I did,” he finally admitted, watching him closely, in anticipation of the impending assault.
The blood obscured two long cuts, which ran across the entire palm. Tony winced, and his own hand began to hurt. With care, he took the bleeding hand into his and kissed the wounds slowly, infusing them with magic so they could heal.
The arrow bounced off armoured skin and fell uselessly onto the deck. In response, the wretched creature let out a loud roar, and
“How do I look?” Steve asked, when he marched past him again, and Tony had to reach for his arm to get him to stop.
While it didn’t have the calming effect that Tony wanted, it stopped the mindless pacing at least. “We should call this off,” Steve mumbled stiffly, and looked so miserable that Tony felt quite sorry for him.
“Fine,” Steve huffed, and stuck his hand out crossly, when he realised that Tony had no intention of backing off.
“What do you want?” Tony demanded, twisting out of Killian’s painful grasp with a quick jab to his ribs.
Steve cradled his human hand, which was already wet with his hot tears. “Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked.
“I counted nine dragons – eight now,” he corrected, as Rhodey freeze blasted another one into a portal. “They’re dragons, but they’re not the Black Order. I think our friends are going to be fine. And as for you, you’re going nowhere. You’re done. Banned from flying – until further notice.”
“Tony,” Steve said, beginning to look extremely uncomfortable, like he was waging an internal war inside himself. “I’m sorry, but I’m going to need the suit.”
Steve held the tome up to the light of a candle and began to read the words – those words that ignited a spark of hope. “You can wish for anything you want?” he breathlessly asked as warmth began to spread to the rest of his body.
“These gems will someday shine again,” he promised. “It might take a hundred years, or even a thousand. I can wait. But one day, the homo draconi will rise and drive out these dimwits, and the homo sapiens will be no more.”
Thor and Bruce joined them and for a while, they talked about the ladies in their lives – Jane, Laura, VERONICA. Tony had to mediate when the discussion turned into a shouting match over whose lady was smarter, stronger, better.
“We figured you were in the desert. Took us a while to identify the right one. Then we learnt about the explosion. So, we circled the area around it. And then, I found you.”
Happy and warm in his nest, their nest, it dawned on Tony that Steve’s embrace, while close and tight, wasn’t a cage, but a perch for him to find his footing and spread his wings. Before taking off for the sky. And on that perch, Tony felt like he could fly.
There were still a few years before the end of Steve’s reign, and Tony’s father, should the gods will it, would rule for many more. At some point, he and Steve would need a place of their own. Tony could even see it now - Asterica, the Castle of the Stars, built in concentric circles - moat, gardens, stables, houses and an astronomy tower right in the middle, in the shape of a star.
“I’ll take tea,” Strange said and before Steve could respond, the teapot was out of his hand. It tipped slightly, allowing the steaming beverage to trickle out of its spout and into the sorcerer’s cup.
With the longest stick he found, he drew a circle around himself in the sand. It’s a primitive way to tell the time, using one’s shadow. But he was all he had. Before he could mark out the last numerals, the first ones were gone, distorted by the winds of change.
Tony shrugged. “Swift and decisive works. You do realise then that this is permanent? That there will be no going back?”
“Tony,” Steve said, his voice dangerously soft, though his eyes and the set to his jaw and his whole damned face was hard. “Don’t make this harder than it needs to be. Give it to me. And I won’t take anything else from you again. I promise.”
Steve had been so nice to him. So, he was trying to be nice in return. He just wanted Steve to be happy and Steve was
Tony wondered about that. Nat never spoke of her family. Did she have anyone to turn to in her darkest hour?
They’d go to the park each weekend with picnic baskets of cheeseburgers and pizzas. Steve would teach them to play frisbee. Tony would show them how to make their own kites. Or remote-controlled aircraft. Or drones. They’d zip around on personalised bicycles. They could even get a dog. Or three.
“It’s going to be okay. We’ll have a couple of drinks, some food. I think Pepper ordered those mini cheeseburgers you liked. We’ll chat with your investors. If you want, we can even dance. Do you know how?”
Steve thought it was totally fucked up that she seemed to be reveling in her punishment, he ignored Nat’s pointed look at the tightness of his pants, it was just a physical response to sexual stimulus, he told himself that he honestly wasn’t really mentally into it, but that still didn’t stop the blush from coating his cheeks when Nat smirked at him whilst looking down at his lap.
“Pathetic little omega, don’t know why my Stevie would want you as his omega, this is the second discipline spanking in less than two hours, first you tried to sneak away whilst we were resting then you cannot even follow simple instructions or take an easy punishment such as this without showing how weak and useless you are. “
Tony started to stir but Steve stroked his mating gland and put him back under he did not want him awake until he had finished settling his omega how he wanted him.  Next he buckled thick cuffs and a spreader bar at his knees pulling them back and up and again attaching them to the headboard.
At that point it was decided to send two agents with one of our doctors to collect his private physician and his medical files, after having received permission from Ms Potts as Stark had been given a mild sedative to calm him down.  Dr Davidson seemed panicked when our agents requested he come to Shield Medical and bring Mr Stark’s medical files, once here it was decided to interview him before letting him look over his patient. Within 5 minutes he was spilling the most well, kept secret since who actually shot President Kennedy.
If you are happy with this we can start his new diet immediately, if you are willing I would like to be of some assistance with this, it will be fascinating to study such a unique pregnancy.”
Tony raised a hand in front of him, clenching and unclenching his fist to create a bright flame, which was just enough to illuminate the complicated tunnels ahead. Adrenaline coursed through his veins as he kept a quick pace, sprinting through the tunnels in search of the exit. If he could escape from the cave before Obie, there would be some way to seal its exits and entomb the knave.
Then, swiftly, so as not to suffer frostbite, Peter flung her frozen body through another Strange portal, which conveniently appeared three dragonlengths away.
Bucky shot the other knight a glare. “Hey, look at me,” he said as he cupped Steve's cheek. “You’re the youngest king in the history of our kingdom, the first to be elected by unanimous vote. That has to mean something. It means - you’re special.”
“But before the flames could touch our young hero, a visiting prince appeared from his right and leapt in front of him to deflect the flames with his father’s shield.”
Tall candles illuminated the marble pillars of the throne room, with delicate flowers and fine leaves etched on them in imitation of the garden outside. In between the lofty columns supporting the high ceiling stood majestic sculptures of former kings, separated by the blue carpet running down the middle of the room and up the raised platform.
Steve thought, with growing horror, as he recognised the prince’s distinct silhouette against a towering inferno. Fiery arrows began raining on the barges, intent on destroying the stolen arrows so they couldn’t be used again. The barges erupted in flames.
Tony yelped, rubbing out the sting. “Steve, an intelligence organisation that fears intelligence? Historically, not awesome.”
“You all right there?” Steve asked, amused and alarmed by Tony’s verbal abuse of the indefatigable droid.
“Too fast. Nothing. Again,” he said, this time making a slower sweep of their surroundings. “Two techs, unarmed, walking in our direction. They’re taking out the trash."
The arrival of emergency vehicles had caused traffic to build up on both sides of the road, so they only got as far as the Farmer's Market before they were forced to slow down. Convinced that they wouldn’t get much farther, Tony turned into a parking lot beside some street vendors hawking homemade drinks.
“Your highness, a genuine pleasure,” he said, barely sparing him a glance. “King Steven, you'll have to avoid a war at all costs. It would be a shame if something were to happen to any of your women or the lovely young prince?”
Why would Tony need him? If Steve hadn’t been there in the Wandering Woods, Thanos would never have attacked Tony. Tony would have lived a normal life, making weapons from the safety of his castle, and living to a ripe, old age.
Thrown onto a car, Steve rolled off, and the assassin leapt after him, making a hole in the tarmac where Steve’s face had been a split second before. Steve hit the assassin’s jaw with a ripped-out car door on his landing. Then, he tossed the assassin over his shoulder, ripping off his mask.
“You did, kid,” Fury said, finally putting his phone in his pocket. “And I voted for you, like the rest of the team.”
Hi! This is the third chapter of the story. I hope it's not too out-of-this-world. I've never written anything like that before so I had to refer to a number of books / films namely Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Harry Potter, Lord or the Rings, Game of Thrones, Pirates of the Carribean. Thank you for reading!
Tony studied the secretary. This was HYDRA’s commander. The man who had ordered the hit on his parents, the assassination of Fury. The same person who declined the
With more time on his hands, Steve had finally finished his little project, which he now kept in a nondescript wooden box. As far as gifts were concerned, it was unremarkable, very modest compared to the wondrous gifts the crown prince must have received over the years, but there was more to it than met the eye. It had taken years of trial and error, but art and science had come together and enabled him to create the perfect gift for a perfect husband. He would have presented it to him too, if not for the fact that Tony was hardly home.
Apart from the spirit of a legendary dragon, they had the whole island to themselves, which meant that there was nothing standing in the way of making their marriage real.
Despite the fatigue in his body, Steve felt at peace and it was the best feeling in the world. He began to wonder how he’d lived through all those battles without Tony by his side. With him, Steve felt like they could do anything in the world. But first, they needed a holiday. Or that honeymoon he planned. Even the prospect of a warm bath and bed sounded like heaven. They made their way toward Peter, who was taking Star and Stripe to them.
For a few tense moments, Tony watched the rise and fall of the other man’s chest as his breathing became more regular and less laboured. It took much longer for the colour to return to his cheeks and lips, andthat gave Tony plenty of time to study his soot-covered hair, lightly-freckled complexion and the long eyelashes resting on his high cheekbones.
If not for the bloodstone around his neck, he would have died, but he was the boy who lived, and Thanos had been inside his head for ten years, since the day he blazed a hole in his chest - with dragonfire.
“Sorry, buddy. Pretty sure the doctors are right about that one.” There were late bloomers among omegas, who sometimes only had their first heats when they were well in their twenties. It didn’t make them any less of one, even if Tony understood why Steve thought that would make him exempt from SHIELD’s rules.
He drew his sword and pointed it at the heavens, before he swung it hard against the heartewoode tree. His chest tightened, and his ribs collapsed into his lungs, forcing the air out as he fell to the ground, limbs heavy and unable to move.
“You're special, Tony. I've never met anyone like you. You’re everything I want. You're all that I need. And I need you. So much. Since- you know, I didn’t have anything to live for. Meeting you turned everything around. Nat says I’ve stopped being as reckless. I've stopped trying to die. Because I know you’re counting on me to come home.”
There was a general air of cheerful anticipation and Steve hoped, for the sake of all present, that the antidote would work, that Tony would make a full recovery and come back to them – his loving family and friends.
He looked up at the heavy church doors staring him down, judging his worth as they slowly opened, their hinges whining in protest of the impending ceremony and the countless ones preceding it.
The sun had long set, and it left Steve hugging his knees and shivering in spring’s chill. A fire was kindled but its dancing flames did nothing to cheer or warm him up. Completely numb, he couldn’t move. He could only exist in all this pain, and endure the frost that had taken hold of his heart and turned the blood in his veins to ice.
In the dense vegetation, Steve lost sight of him a number of times, relying only on the sporadic sound of a cracking branch or a soft chuckle to know he was near. Several times, he got close but Tony always managed to elude him. Steve was amused. And proud. It was a test. Tony wanted to see what he was made of.
Tony was the biggest and brightest star in the universe. Steve had chased his light, blindly, but Steve was only a cloud of dust and hot air, in the way of Tony’s brilliance. Only someone like the dragon would be his match, and the two would burn brightly, as they circled each other in a never-ending dance of love and light.
last thing, a pretty important thing, but not terribly urgent, even if the ever-responsible Steve had other ideas.
Bolstered by a series of successful invasions, Thanos had turned his attention back to Valoria, still convinced that the heartstone was hidden on their lands. The Black Order, comprising of the emperor’s most ferocious dragon warriors, had been raiding their lands with an alarming frequency. Recent weeks had also seen the emperor consolidating his forces, and it had impressed upon them that a full-scale attack was imminent.
“Neither are we,” Nat informed him, and Steve turned his attention to the growing number of sea serpents surfacing around their deck, circling their ship with undulating motions in a monstrous whirlpool. They were green and scaly, like large snakes, but with red plumes, conical snouts and wide gaping maws…
Tony recognised the pair flanking the throne from the colours of their hair. The young male wore his silver hair long, with overgrown locks skimming his forehead, to draw attention to a pair of ice blue eyes. If he was
“I mean - I already do. It’s lively and charming. A lovely fa – place. It’s full of surprises,” Steve said. “You must find it very dull here,” he added.
Steve chuckled, moving closer. Tony had missed the sound of his laughter. He wanted to make him laugh again, to always be the reason for his mirth.
Their names evoked something in Tony’s memory. He was certain he’d never met them before. Yet, there was something familiar about them.
. The shoulder blades ached with unbearable pressure until they burst forth with gold-gilded wings. His chest filled with triumph which he released with a roar and a bolt of fire into the sky. Finally, he spread his wings, raising them up and bringing them down at the same time.
the right time. Killian wasn’t glowing anymore. The antidote that Steve had stabbed him with had run its course.
Sometimes, he got the faces mixed up, with the features and colouring being so similar that Tony wondered if there was any difference at all.
Steve nodded slowly. “I do,” he said. “Do you know that when he gets excited or upset, he speaks his mother tongue? He puffs up his cheeks when solving a problem and sticks out his tongue as he works.”
Tired of running, Tony raised his arms and crossed them protectively in front of his face. The heat from his fingertips travelled down his arms, gathering power where they crossed. As he brought his arms down by his sides, a bright ball of fire sped toward Obie and scorched his face.
“Steve, Steve! Wait!” Tony called as he scrambled off his chair but got caught up in the cables surrounding it.
He remembered the light, shining through the gaps in his faceplate, then flooding his vision. The first thing he saw was Steve’s tearful face smiling at him, telling him that they’d won. So, Tony smiled back, grabby hands reaching out for a hug, but the suit made it complicated.
Tony barely responded to Pepper’s questions (regarding the 8,011 things she needed his attention on), choosing to focus his attention on Steve and Miss Romanov, walking away, arm-in-arm. He didn’t miss the familiar way Steve placed his hand on the small of her back and how she playfully punched his arm when making a point.
It was a busy time for the stonekeepers as they assisted the allied kingdoms in wiping out the last traces of Thanos from their lands. Yet, each afternoon, they arrived at Steve and Tony’s cottage without fail, often bloodied and bruised from battling tyrant scum, to monitor Tony’s condition and discuss the next steps for his recovery.
Tony tried to disarm the helicarriers or ground them, but found himself blocked. “Disabling the encryption is an executive order, it takes clearance from two alpha-level members,” Tony informed the SHIELD agents.
Steve bit back a grin, secretly pleased that of all the horses, Tony had singled out the horse Steve had chosen for him - a brown stallion with a long, white stripe down his forehead. He turned to the riders. “We ride on horseback,” he said.
“I’m sorry,” he said, unable to hold back the sobs now. “You must be so mad. I’m always making you worry.”
“Zola. The whole unit was captured in 1943. They experimented. Whatever they did helped him survive the fall. They must have found him and -,” Steve sighed, unable to continue, stricken with guilt as he imagined the horrors that his friend had lived through, while the world spun on and thought him dead.
“You probably know this place better than I do. But I’ll give you a tour all the same,” Captain Rogers said as he took them further inside.
had no idea what sort of monster they were about to make when they took him. And he was back to haunt them in the best way possible.
“Yeah. Imagine if every omega had one of these. What would we do with all the time we saved? We could, I don’t know, get actual jobs we liked. What a thought!”
“You go first. I’ll catch up,” Steve insisted, trying to sit up despite Tony holding him firmly by the shoulders.
Smirking at the rather simplistic explanation, Loki cut in. “Have you ever heard the tragedy of Rex Divinus?”
She was closely followed by Corvus Glaive, now identifiable with his long gold horns, and Cull Obsidian, with his massive clubbed tail.
his true love, who was riding toward them that very moment. Tony watched the knight in shining armour bring his galloping horse to a stop, just outside the gates. The knights soft, dark hair was pulled back from his face in a loose bun, his bright eyes were shining with excitement and his voice was warm and sincere. This man was an angel, and in his presence, Tony was reminded of his own repulsiveness and shortcomings.
“You’re the greatest sorcerer in the realm. If you can’t save him, then no one can,” she added, as her voice broke under the strain.
“A little ostentatious, don’t you think?” he asked, in an uncharacteristic display of false-modesty.
“Yes,” Tony said, truthfully, and a mix of emotions swirled in his gut - one half mourning the child forced to grow up, and the other yearning to become the man he was meant to be. “You?”
“I christen this delicious creation, the king of sandwiches, the shieldberger,” Thor announced, after having a bite of his, raising his sixth cup of coffee in a toast.
From above Ivan, Peter dived and kicked the chrome dragon's head with his feet, causing him to stumble backward. Steve hurled his shield at Ivan’s head and struck him again, right where Peter had kicked.
Steve pulled the breadcloth decisively over the basket and clutched it to his chest. “These are for Tony,” he informed the famished beast.
How was he needed? Even now, he was getting in the way of the sorcerers, arguing with them as they tried to come up with an alternative solution. If anyone was standing in the way of Tony’s recovery, it was him.
The greatest sorcerers had come together at the behest of Lord Strange, and employed everything from traditional medicines to magic in their attempts to save Tony. Herbs had been gathered, potions brewed, poultices made. Prayers had been said, rituals conducted to slow the poison’s progress.
“You, what?” Bucky growled, outraged, before he smacking Steve at the back of his head, thankfully with his flesh hand.
“Steve!” Tony yelled. Releasing Thanos’ arm, he leapt into the air and clawed at the dragon’s chest. As Thanos let out a loud bellow, Steve tumbled again and grunted softly when he landed painfully on his shoulder.
Watching the easy way Nat talked and laughed with the other knights, one would never have guessed that she’d been born anywhere else. Her heart well and truly belonged to Valoria, in spite of the blood that ran in her veins, and since she'd arrived in Shieldberg two years ago, she’d risen quickly through the ranks, earning the king's trust and her place by his side.
Steve paused for a moment to catch his breath. “Sword shall be broken, shield shall be splintered. It will be the hardest fight of our lives. For some, our very last. Freedom comes at the price of blood, one I am willing to pay – and I know I can’t be the only one.”
“This is the antidote working,” Bruce told him. “Once Tony’s body completes the healing process, the spasms will stop.”
Squeezing the thick teats to produce some milk, he grinned internally as Stevie stared, mesmerised by the leaking udders.  He remembered how fascinated pre- serum Stevie used to be watching Bucky’s ma feeding his little sisters. Increasing his thrusts, he bounced the bitch on his cock making the udders jiggle and the little bitch moan.
“Ms Potts you are Beta Alpha for the Stark Industry Pack and  in accordance with the return of traditional rules you will show your allegiance and submission to your Alpha and Pack by baring your sex to be used as your Alpha desires.”
Tony hated how disappointed Steve sounded, he didn’t want to let him down  or have to stay in the hospital any longer than necessary, he now knew what he needed to do to show Steve how much he wanted to be his omega, and if it also meant getting rid of the horrible feeding tube then that would be a bonus.
I agree with him, if she didn’t want to be treated this way, she would have used her Freedom Pass to get out by now.
Thor watched as Odin stripped his mother of her magic and status as his wife and queen and placed a quickening spell on her womb, he flushed as she was divested of her gown and placed in the breeding stocks at the Palace gates, the crowd surging forward to get a better glimpse of their former Queen.
Finally, he stepped on to the dais and sank to his knees, leaning forward until his forehead touched the ground, arms stretched out in front of him, his ass raised in the air. He made sure to part his thighs so that everyone could see his denuded cunt and asshole and also the smooth skin where his cock used to be.  He blinked away tears, still upset by the twisted way his Alpha had got him to agree to his emasculation, he would need to remember in future to be very careful about how he worded his responses.
You do not have to share him fully with the pack sexually or have him bond with each of us, but we each need to come on him so that he is marked and his slick needs to be tasted so that we can recognise and find him if he ever becomes separated from the pack.”
Winter straddled the end of the recliner leaning forward to get a good view of the omega’s exposed pussy.
“But it’s wrong to do this, l am an Alpha it’s against the law.  Alphas were imprisoned for it when l was a child, it’s weak and perverted to be taken by another Alpha.”
Well, he would play this stupid game, and when Thor finally showed himself, he would kill him and reclaim his omega, Tony belonged to him and no one else.
“Ladies and gentlemen, my omega whore is open for business, all donations will go the charities that we are supporting tonight. My bitch, will be available for the next two hours so have fun.”
Tony had years of breeding in front of him, Winter wanted two more litters after this before he allowed his bitch a year’s break.
With one final push his cock is fully seated in his omega’s cunt, the velvety soft flesh gripping tight to his throbbing member. Giving himself a moment to steady his raging need to fuck his omega senseless, he caresses Tony’s belly the fluttering movement of the pups increases as if they are aware of their Alpha father’s presence.
Tony hated the medical wing in the Tower, luxurious as it was it still smelt like a hospital, even the custom- built beds, high thread cotton sheets and warm soft blanket couldn’t chase away the shivers running through his body.  His Alphas had delivered him naked into the medical staffs’ hands, before leaving for the viewing room.
Bruce couldn’t find fault with his reasons Tony was still so new to being an omega and was obviously still settling into his bond and needed to pass the next level of his training to satisfy the Omega Registry.  Jarvis would be able to monitor Tony’s health and alert them of any problems.
The petite woman immediately assessed the situation in one glance, a typical out his depth uptight Alpha who had thought up until then he was in control and a semi feral pregnant omega that if there had been a weapon to hand would probably have killed his Alpha for being such an overbearing idiot.  Time to sooth some ruffled feathers.
Drawing on years of public performances he gathered up that small flicker of strength left within him and decided to make a stand, whatever happened afterwards he would leave to fate.  He walked through the crowds it seemed to take forever to reach the Avengers, the closer he got to them the more he could feel himself trembling, his body hot and heavy his mind a swirling mass of emotions.
Bruce when informed of his need to gain more weight had adjusted the shakes to contain a higher proportion of fat, the good kind apparently and protein.  To help aid the higher intake he needed to consume he had “oh so kindly” according to him, wasted a couple of hours developing various flavourings that would make them more palatable.  So here he was having chocked down a bowl of omega meal sludge being coaxed to swallow the rest of his second blueberry flavoured cum shake.
Steve hopes that he does not have to prompt his omega, Tony needs to come to the realisation on his own of what he must do next, otherwise the lesson will not be learnt, a full hearted apology for any misdeed needs to be freely given after a punishment in order for an omega to gain their equilibrium and move forward.
“But t..that’s not how it was, l didn’t encourage Ty, l didn’t want to play babies with Steve, why would l? I am a billionaire genius, l have a Company to run with Pepper.”
Tony woke with a startled cry, his whole body burned inside and out. He wanted to rip and tear at his skin to relieve that prickling heat that swept over his body in waves, each one stronger than the last. Moaning he tugged at the cuffs securing him to the headboard but there was not give even his ankles were strapped to the foot of the bed.
All he knew was that he felt hot and irritable and his cock seemed to have a mind of its own today, as well as his thighs being sticky with slick.  None of his usually training techniques were working and he was too embarrassed to tell Steve, as he didn’t want to disappoint him.  His nose twitched along with his cock, as he caught a whiff of his Steve’s alpha musk as he came up behind him and gently kissed along the back of his neck, tongue pressing against his bonding gland, causing him to shiver and moan as his holes clenched and he felt a rush of heat pool in his belly.
“Captain, as you can see on the monitor your omega’s stomach and colon have completely healed from the surgery to reverse the gastric bypass.  Now if I move downward you can see Tony’s womb, the measurements show that it is now fully formed and judging by the thickness of the lining it will not be long before your omega will reach preheat.
“Hmmmm, you need to be more specific omega, tell me exactly what you want removed, there can be no doubt about what you are requesting and why.”
Natasha lowered her skirt, pushing Petey away after he had finished eating her out.  The sissy was teary eyed and shivering, his frilly panties soaked with slick, she pushed her foot against his caged cock, enjoying his pained moans as she squashed his still healing cock.
Tony kept his eyes lowered as he walked through the ballroom in front of Steve and Bruce, his lace wrap did nothing to hide his exposed breasts and the cum stains covering his gown.  Once back at the Tower Bruce had him strip to check him over, apart from a sore jaw from all the blow jobs he was fine, so Bruce sent him off to shower and feed Sarah.
“Ooops, don’t suppose I am going to get my chocolate covered strawberries now by any chance?  Yep, that’s what I thought, well I am suddenly feeling very tired so think I will take a very long nap now, so off you all go, nothing to see here.”
“There is not point in pretending that Stark has any say in this bonding, Miss Potts will make all decisions in regards as to what is going to happen with him.
Steve moved over to a large cabinet set against the opposite wall, sorting through the array of whips paddles and floggers lying displayed on a bed of soft red velvet his hand finally came to rest on a leather flogger, strong and heavy it would make a satisfyingly load thud upon his Omega’s skin.
Natasha why don’t you get your scissors, now is as good a time as any to give Pepper a makeover. At least she will stay still for you, or else she will end up with a pussy full of broken glass.”
Pepper shifted to her knees, lips wrapping round his hard cock, mind hazing slightly at the trigger words. Neither one nor the other she settled, rubbing her aching nipples against his trousers.
“Right, drastic measures time, I am going to double your mush and leave it on a slow feed all day and night, increase the suction and you get to be fucked all day as well.
Ms’ Potts several shades lighter than before, short slick backed hair style, and dark masculine pant suit caused a sensation, black patent leather loafers took the place of her usual killer heels, but the fashionistas noted the red soles, the trademark of Louis Vuitton shoes. Many also noticed the lack of jewelry and the barely there, make-up, the peach color on her lips a huge departure from her usual deep shades of lip stick.
Meg’s examination confirmed that the last pup was feet first and that they needed to get it delivered quickly.  Thankfully this was the smallest of the triplets and his canal had stretched enough for Meg to held guide the pup down, she chose to cut his perineum to help get the head out without any stress.  An intense thirty minutes later Tony was cuddling his third daughter as she sucked tiredly on his nipple.
One hour on, fifteen minutes to feed and rest then the cycle starts again, when you can work your milk pumps for four hours with only one feeding break, you will graduate to the mechanical pumps.
Tony whimpered as the pressure on his stomach intensified, he was exhausted, Daddy then Sir had fucked him all afternoon and into the evening, only stopping to feed him and give him his bottle of milk.  Sometime late in the afternoon he had aged up and Sir had made him put on silk crotchless panties and a matching bra with small slits that showed off his nipples.
Steve was not please when he returned from the kitchen bowl of ice in hand to see Tony passed out, Bucky still tied by his knot was sucking up bruises along their omega’s neck as he continued to shoot copious amounts of cum in to Tony’s fucked out hole.
“I think that losing the use of his hands would be the most effective punishment, being unable to work or do the everyday tasks that we all take for granted will knock the arrogance and disrespect out of him.  Having to rely on someone else and constantly have to ask for help will hopefully give him the humility he is sorely lacking.
Tony had forgotten how hard it was to meet his Captain’s eyes, the hard, cold blue eyes were ringed with Alpha Red, he could feel the anger and lust rolling off him, his pussy clenched as he scented the Alpha’s pheromones, he wanted nothing more that to turn and present, ready to be bred.
Tony felt a flutter of unease at his term of endearment,  he remembered how Aunt Peggy used to say Steve called her that.
Steve could see the frustration mounting in his omega, he knew it was wicked of him to make his poor omega beg him again and use the other dreaded word for his birthing channel.  He could not help himself though there was just something so dirty about hearing that word come out of Tony’s lips and watching the blush on his face both when he said it to his omega and when he made him say it.
Placing Tony on his knees he cuffed his hands together behind his back and attached the chain hanging from the back of Tony’s collar to the cuffs.
He allowed Steve to see the girls not wanting them to grow up not knowing both parents. Once a month Avenger business permitting Steve made the journey to Malibu, Tony always left the mansion or stayed in his workshop never wanting to see him, Pepper supervised the visits and passed along photos and videos of the girls take during the rest of the month.
Settling himself against the headboard he picked up his Stark pad and logged into an exclusive omega clothing site Bruce had suggested to him, he wasn’t sure that Tony would be receptive to a lot of the clothes and lingerie that he ordered, but this was how he wanted his omega to dress, Tony would just have to adapt and accept that this was his Alpha’s decision.
The Widow just stared at her with contempt written all over her face, she never saw the punch coming, Banner’s fist caught her cheek, his ring splitting the skin and catching her lip, blood spraying over the sheet.
Each member of the team had afterwards tried to see or speak to Tony but he refused still to hurt and upset any trust he had given them broken by their actions.  Even two years later he was still not ready to speak to them.
Steve slowly pushed his chair back from the table deliberately spreading his legs wide, his hard cock outlined by the stretched material of his sweatpants.  Pushing the waist band down his engorged cock sprang free slapping against his t-shirt clad stomach, keeping eye contact with Thor he stroked his length coating it with his precum until fully erect.
His father had given him to Obadiah when his first heat struck ordering to  obey Obi who would take care of him without any risk of him bonding or being bred as he was sterile.  From the age of fourteen until he went to MIT he had to endure Obie fucking him without any thought to his needs during his heats.
Steve could see that sex doll was enjoying every bit of Thor’s rigorous fucking, but that’s not what he wanted, Pepper needed to be punished further.
Tony was forcing down his panic by projecting all his anger at the doctor.  The thought of having twins had been more than enough to cope with but to be having triplets was seriously sending him spiralling down into mass panic.
Ty couldn’t believe his luck when he had seen Tony slip away to the bathroom, he had followed quickly when he saw Captain Rogers get waylaid by the Vice President.   Locking the bathroom door, he had slammed open the cubicle door, startling his old boyfriend who was struggling with his pants.  When Tony had called him daddy, his cock had gone from half hard to rock hard, the pink thong sent all his blood rushing south.  It was simple to pull the smaller man out and rip off his clothes, before tossing him up onto the vanity, smirking at Tony’s cry of pain as he slapped him, then squeezed his thong covered cock until tears streamed down his face. Pushing the thong to one side he eyed up the ringed cock and balls, the tiny cock no more than three of inches long hard.
After fitting Tony’s plug back in to his ass hole Steve sank his cock deep inside his omega’s cunt, he loved that word it sounded so dirty especially when Tony said it with a flush of embarrassment and lust painting his cheeks.  Fondling milk swollen tits he buried his face in Tony’s curls just taking in the sweet smell of his pregnant omega.
Tony was beyond exhausted, his mind and body refusing to cope with anything more.  He was semi aware of his Alphas releasing his bonds and laying him on his side in the middle of the bed before for climbing in on either side of him. He felt Steve slip his cock into his pussy after replacing his butt plug, Bucky’s metal hand cupped one of his aching breasts the other hand joined Steve’s resting on his swollen stomach.
“Congratulations you have one beautiful baby girl, Alpha please scent her whilst I get your omega on her side so she can feed and bond with her first pup.”
Running his fingers down Tony’s crack he circled the still open hole pushing in to the slick soaked opening fingers quickly being swallowed as Tony thrust back and started to fuck himself on them.  Steve quickly added another two fingers shoving them deep into his omega stretching him wide amazed that even with four large fingers filling his now gaping hole he was still able to rock back and forth with ease. The thought of his whole hand being swallowed in that dark heat made him moan out loud.
Tony flinched as Steve reached out towards his face, startled when instead of the slap he was expecting his cheek was caressed instead.  He couldn’t really comprehend that he was home and safe and this was his world,  he stared at Steve’s face as he talked, the warmth in his eyes and the concern in his voice seemed real but he had been fooled before.  He could smell Steve’s scent all over himself and his own mingling with the Alpha’s scent, it was comforting and reassured him somewhat that this was real.  ‘He’ had never allowed Tony’s scent to linger on him, didn’t want ‘omega stink’ diluting his Alpha scent.
Winter pushed his cock in to their meg cow’s gapping hole, hands pulling her ass cheeks wide apart, so he could watch as his cock slid in and out with ease.
Steve took his time with Bucky, touching and kissing every part of his body fingers tracing the line of old and newer scars. It seemed Bucky’s bastardised version of the serum had given him super soldier strength and longevity like himself but unlike Steve his healing abilities did not extend to the complete regeneration of tissue so that no scars were left.  It made sense that Hydra would not care what Bucky/Winter Soldier looked like so long as he healed enough to be able to carry out the next mission.
Thor smirked when he bent to ruffle the little omegas hair, discreetly scenting him, he immediately recognised the faint scent.
She removed her hand from Steve’s hold, wanting to get away, annoyed she had let her personal feelings take over. Picking up her dropped brief case she turned to walk away towards a frowning Happy.
Steve wiped away the tears from his omega’s face taking in the absolute look of defeat.  He could not help but want to comfort him but knew that he could not appear weak, Tony needed to be punished for his disobedience and then there would be time for forgiveness and comfort just as long as his omega showed proper contrition and acceptance of the right of his Alpha to have total control over his omega’s body.
Odin stepped forward, grapping hold of Frigga’s hair, forcing her head up to look at the line of Alphas waiting for their change to fuck and breed ‘Frig the breeding and milk whore’ as the sign on the stocks declared.
You can earn treats for good behaviour just like any other pet, you give the perfect blowjob and maybe you will get 10 minutes of sight, or if you take all the guard dogs  knots, then you can have a  supervised hour in the gym.  But any act of rebellious behaviour will be punished severely, time in the sensory depression tank or perhaps Bruce and the Professor might want to do some extra body modifications.
“Well don’t you look adorable, my mini Captain America ready to brave his first trip to the playground.  Lets just pop in your pacifier and we are ready to go.”
“Hurry up sweetheart, place your thumb print, then Daddy will allow you to climax before he fucks your special boy pussy.”
But Tony knew the truth and for the sake of his sanity and the babies he carried he needed closure and at least a chance to live without the crushing disapproval of everyone he knew and once called friend, and a population that hated him for supposedly breaking Captain America’s heart.
I have been informed that his wife is an outspoken activist for Omega Rights in her country and the Prime Minister is desperate to bring her under control as she is becoming an embarrassment and is one the main reason the Omega Bill has not been made Law.
Tony wondered restlessly round his lab unable to settle on one project, nothing holding his attention for more than a few minutes. It was a good job that he was ahead with all his projects so Pepper would not be ranting at him for missing any deadlines.
“I told you Tony that once they were placed on your fingers they would never come off.  I had Dr Strange spell them so that they will adjust to your finger size and bond to your skin.  A permanent symbol of our mating and your commitment to me as your Alpha.
Now present your cunt for your Alpha and these good people so they can see how loose and sloppy your bitch hole is.  Then you are going to sit on my knot until you come untouched, and l will keep  knotting you until you do, l don’t care if your cunt is bleeding and raw you will learn to come untouched tonight.  For each failure l am going to slap your tits and stubby clit ten time’s each with a willow switch.”
Steve knew he would have to change his thong after Bruce had finished with him. He could feel that the scrap of lace was already soaked with his slick.  He did not hesitate, holding onto the arms of the chair as Banner rutted in his cunt.
Winter watched as his breeder waddled slowly towards the nursery, pregnant belly and tits swaying, the two rows of secondary nipples stood out from the swollen belly, hard and dripping. She was naked apart for her collar, a thick vibrainium choker, gifted by King T’Challa as a payment for one of the pups when they reached breeding age.  He knew Tony hated it but it pleased him to see the fitted choker, tight round her neck, a constant reminder of her place.
Bruce made his way down to the gym letting some of the Hulk’s size and strength out, he punched Steve making him fly across the mats, a trickle of blood running from his split lip.  The fight was brutal, Steve giving it his all, but Bruce’s superior strength and size finally had the Alpha pinned and trembling beneath him.
In a daze she followed behind him, not noticing the babies being removed or the interview ending.  The thud of the doors closing and the lock turning bought her some what  back to reality.  Her shift was roughly ripped from her body as he slapped her face and pushed her towards the bed.
Bruce sat in silence, just staring at Natty and thinking about all the times the bitch had acted superior and condescending towards him.  How she belittled Hulk’s ability to help and always acted as though she was Steve’s second in command.  His anger grew as he thought of her seducing him with the lullaby and making him feel worthwhile, only to abandon him.
Don’t look smug Milky Brat, on Asgard omegas don’t need to be in heat to be impregnated, and that Stud has never once failed to breed a cow on the first go, and every time multiple calves.
Her harsh laugh and dismissal of his offering still gave him nightmares, she had told him in no uncertain words that she would fuck him and fully bond him only when he had earned it an not before, so he was left with a partially empty feeling in his chest that hurt more and more each day.  Ms Potts worked him hard but had treated him well, but after his escape attempt, she had been furious and had withheld any touch or affirmation from herself as a punishment for his behaviour for two weeks.  By the end of that time he had been a crying, begging wreck, who had sworn to do anything to allow him back into her good graces.
“Wrong answer Betty, oh by the way that is your name now.  Now l am going to fuck you and bond with you, l don’t care either way, but it will go easier for you if you agree and maybe your virgin cunt will survive being ripped apart.”
Steve yanked hard on Tony’s hair causing him to gasp in pain then thrust his cock deep in to his omega’s now wide open mouth.
Steve motioned Bruce forward first as he knew the Doctor would want to taste the slick himself before taking a large sample for the Hulk to eat.  Bruce dipped his fingers into Tony’s cunt first and then his asshole before licking them clean.  Hulk roared wanting his own turn so Bruce quickly milked the omega’s holes until his specimen jar was full of slick and pussy juice.
The results of the blood tests taken this morning show that there has been a 15% increase from the previous level of 55%, this shows that we are on the right track, but we need to get him up to at least 90% before we can release him.  This would ensure that his mood swings would decrease significantly and that his appetite would increase to an optimum level for the necessary weight gain to induce his first heat.”
With the development of his drug he would be able to breakdown the last protection an omega had against a forced bonding.  Steve has been extremely clever in manipulating Tony into agreeing to bond, but not all Alphas had the time or the patience to do the same.  A business deal or family merger could fail in minutes if an omega decided to rebel.  The drug still needed to be tested, but he would need to acquire some young virgin omegas from the Omega Orphanages, that would not be missed if they disappeared.
Peter sobbed as Pepper gently fucked him whilst pointing out all his selfish mistakes, he truly had been thoughtless and cruel to his aunt, being fully bonded   now to Pepper even for such a short time made him feel more settled and complete, the emptiness that had haunted him for the last two years had disappeared, he could breathe freely and the stress of faking his orientation had been lifted.
“Captain, how do you feel about your husband’s experimentation on himself and the resultant change in his physical appearance?”
We will need to ensure that Loki eats and drinks often so that his milk does not dry up.  I would suggest a feeding gag.  You will also need to fuck and mark your omega so that the pup scents and recognises you as well, do this soon after the birth, your seed will help your omega’s birthing canal close and tighten her cunt.”
“Tony let me get you some milk and oatmeal with honey.  That’s what you have been eating these last few months for breakfast, your stomach is delicate, you need to be careful that you don’t make yourself sick trying to eat rich, fatty food.”
“Ohhhh, no more sauce, no more sauce, Clint please can I have cream?  Pretty please I know there is some in the refrigerator.”
Waves of heat consumed her, as she lost herself to the pleasures of being filled by her Alpha.  She couldn’t remember why it has seemed to be such a bad idea to bond with him, by the time her heat had run its course it was too late to escape or protest that she had been an unwilling participant.
Tony sobbed, tears sliding down his cheeks as Steve’s words played over and over again through the speakers, the Italian lullaby his mother used to sing playing softly.
“ Doctor Banner I would be most grateful if you would be willing to do this.  It is not something I had thought about as during the war there were no omegas in the army and being poor before that we could never afford that kind of food so I only saw my mother eating what I ate.
Darcy hated the mirror, hated the dreaded wooden stool with the carved wooden cock rising from it. Slowly she lowered herself down wincing even though the cum dripping from hole help ease her way, she needed to be fully impaled before her Alpha arrived or face another punishment. After taking a deep breath she forced herself to drop down quickly taking in the final two inches and the studded knot, expelling her breath she wriggled until a smaller nub of wood a few inches in front of the wooden cock rested up against her exposed clit.
May’s body continued to betray her with yet another orgasm, even as she wept tears of sorrow for Ben, he had been the love of her life and she had never been with anyone else before him. The numerous orgasms Alpha Bruce was inflicting on her felt like a betrayal to his memory, god help her she had been so lonely the past two years, lacking physically and emotionally the bond she had had with him.  Now she could feel herself leaning towards Alpha Bruce’s touch, her body responding to his Alpha pheromones, the heat of arousal and need burning in her belly as he began to once again rhythmically slap her pussy as he pressed down on her back, squashing her swollen milk laden breasts against the padded  bench, until the surface was soaking in milk.
“Well with your permission I will start, please be aware that I am going to be touching your omega during this exam so I would appreciate it if you resist the urge to tear my limbs off for touching your bonded.
“Steve, Winter do you have any questions about the arc reactor removal surgery, before we move on to discussing which of the two specially adapted serums you want your omega to be injected with?”
“You will never be allowed to divorce Happy and abandon your children.  You will work for Stark Industries in any position that l decide, until l say otherwise.  You will be the surrogate for all our children, as many as l deem necessary.
Tony’s orgasm rips through his body, his cock free of it’s cage spurting out a meagre serving of cum as his cunt juices flow and his ass hole clenches tight around the base of his plug his slick held deep inside with his Alphas cum.
Steve sensing his omega begin to panic cups his neck and glides his fingers over their mating mark, soothing and clamming his distressed omega.  He can see Tony’s hands shaking and knows he will have no choice but to replace the arc’s  cover himself.
Darcy sat stunned, the velvet lined box contained a beautiful braided black leather collar with a large emerald and gold tag attached.  Engraved on the tag were the words ‘First Omega’, she knew without looking the other side of the gold tag would have the President’s name. She felt sick at what she needed to say, but the drug would not start taking effect for a few more minutes and somehow, she needed to get him in to the bedroom so that it looked as if they had had a night of fun before she could leave without any suspicion.  Teary eyed and heartsick at having to say the words, she picked up the collar and held it out to him.
Tony watched as she stopped a few paces away from Steve, he could see that she was panting and holding on to her side, a tiny trickle of blood dripping through her fingers. Just as Steve moved forward to help her the air crackled and sparked, thunder sounded, and Tony felt himself blown back by the backdraft of the Portal as it began to open.  Crying out he clutched his stomach as he felt a gush of fluid escape from between his legs, sharp pains rippled across his belly as he tried sit up.
Zeus followed after Raider sinking his teeth in to the other thin shoulder, Brutus forcing his member into Peter’s screaming mouth, his huge balls slapping against the omega’s chin.
The film was the most downloaded on the internet, the hardcore version was only available to a select number of people who could afford the extortionate price and who guaranteed to keep it in their private collection.
Then he smelt and tasted it, the subtle change in her scent, the sweetness of her jucies, with one final lick of her pussy her moved behind her, nipping her shoulder to wake her up.  Just as she raised her head he plunged into her cunt, his massive front legs circling her waist, claws digging into the loose flesh of her stomach.  He worried at her shoulder shaking her when she started to whimper and squirm.
Thor wasted no time in sinking deep into his breeder’s cunt, ramming his cock against her cervix with each thrust, his hands leaving bruising marks on her pale blue skin as he forced her hips wider so he could watch his cock sawing into her wet heat.
Tony quietly followed Steve hand clutching the pictures of his pups, Steve’s calming touch was the only thing keeping him from completely freaking out over this latest revelation. It was so confusing part of him was panicking at the thought of trying to birth and look after three pups, but another part of him was preening under the obvious approval of his Alpha.
Tony whimpers and writhes as Winter simultaneously tweaks his nipples, thick creamy milk leaking out to drip onto the yellowed papers beneath him, Winter bites down hard on the reddened teats, watching the omega’s eyes roll back as he is rocked by another orgasm, his honey sweet scent thick and heavy in the air.
“Winter it has just occurred to me that our little bitch had had it easy these last months, I think that it is time for a new training regime and some body improvements.”
“D..Daddy not want me?  Doesn’t he love me anymore?  P..please I be a good baby for Daddy, don’t want be on my own, love Daddy.”
Steve could feel Tony’s small cockle squirting it’s meager load, thrusting one last time, his  knot began to swell, locking them together as his seed flooded his boy’s channel, he watched in awe the outline of his cock moving under the soft skin of Tony’s stomach, which was beginning to bulge even more with his cum.
“Sir, my body belongs to my Alphas and they did what was necessary to prevent me from dying.  The arc reactor has been removed and due to Dr Banner’s research and treatment l am now healthy and whole.”
Roaring in rage, he fought against his bindings, but only succeeded in straining his neck and legs as he tried to break free. He lost track of time his angry roars turning to howls of anguish and pain.  Finally, he hung his head, tears streaming down his face, one of his worst nightmare’s had become reality.  Left alone in his stall, he mourned his loss, wondering what else would befall him, how much more could he take before he broke completely.
To him Bucky was still beautiful scars and all because he was here with him now having lived through hell to fight his way back to his Alpha.  Steve would do almost anything to ensure Bucky was rid of the Winter Soldier, he would get Tony and Bruce to start researching away to break Buck totally free.
Tears fell from his eyes once again, he whimpered as the soft music became harsher as the photos showed him changing into a gangly teenager giving the finger and swearing at reporters and film crews as he staggered out of bars and night clubs high on drugs.  Images of him strapped to a medical gurney and loaded into an ambulance for his first rehab stint had him hiding his face with his mitten covered hands, the small electric shock once again had his bladder releasing and then to his horror his bowel cramped before expelling its contents into his diaper.
“Aww, sweet boy, you have me now, did that other Steve ever show any sign that your affection for him was returned? Hmmm, I don’t think so, he would have already claimed and mated you, filled your belly full of babies.  Alphas don’t wait if they sense an omega is a suitable mate.   Tell me the truth now, were you ever more that just fellow Avengers?”
“Mmmm, not bad at all, sweet but not too much, could be creamier but that comes with the correct diet and being repeatedly bred.  The richest milk is that of a cow just before and after they have birthed, you get premium price for that.”
Tony shuddered as the suction on his nipples started up once again, moaning as the knots in both his holes pulsed in time with each pull on his tender teats.  His bound cock twitched, but the tight confines of the rubber sheath ensured it stayed soft and limp.  He had lost track of how long he had been attached to the milking machine, but it had been long enough that he had begun to find the constant pull on his teats soothing as his breathing synced with each tug.  The knots in his holes stretched his passages to the point of pain, counter balanced by the rub of the dildos over his prostrate and clit.  Tied to the machine he could do nothing but moan and drool around the large ball gag strapped securely in his mouth.
“There we go baby, not one drop is going to escape, and in the morning, I am going to fuck you again so that you will always have my cum in you.”
Steve felt Tony’s hitched breath and watched tears leak from his eyes, but more interesting was the full body shudder and the flush of arousal spreading down across his body.
Bucky licked the juices from his fingers, dipping them back into the bitch’s cunt so that Steve could have a taste.  Steve returned the favour by milking Tony’s tits, offering his milk soaked fingers for Bucky to suck on.  The two Alphas continued to amuse themselves teasing their omega’s tits and pussy whilst waiting for their knots to deflate.  Steve enjoying the wild trapped look in his omega’s eyes as Bucky whispered in Tony’s ear all the filthy things they were going to do to their omega.
Dinner was announced much to the annoyance of the guests who were enjoying the spectacle of Tony Stark having his ass tanned in public by his Alpha, still good manners dictated they take their seats.  Steve settled Tony back on his knees with his hands clasped behind his neck so his small breasts with their clamped nipples and his pregnant belly were prominently displayed  for all to see.
“Shit!” Tony clapped his hand over his mouth. “I just remembered. I was supposed to be meeting someone.”
Tony bit into the sandwich, and a look of delight spread across his face. “Best thing I’ve had my whole life.”
“Yeah, I know. I’m sorry. I just – needed to get some air,” Steve mumbled. “And time just slipped away.”
Tony nodded and slashed at the magic ropes with his talons, slicing them easily into pieces. Then, he picked up the shield and held it out to Steve, who was rubbing his chafing wrists.
As they walked along the pebbled footpaths, flanked by lush green carpets, Tony could make out a lemon grove, with their bright yellow fruits hanging from their branches. Darker ivy at the back was allowed to run wild and leave tendrils in every direction. And finally, the taller trees – oak, birch, cedar shaded the back.
Dressed in mismatched armour, none of his knights looked like they were attending a wedding, but on their way to battle. And it made sense. They were gathered not to celebrate love, but to arm themselves for the impending war.
“Thank you, milady,” Bucky said as he returned her spear, and leaned back when he saw his sword flying at his face, allowing the blade to whiz over his head and bury itself in the flesh of the berserker sneaking up behind him.
Steve might have won the battle. But Tony would make sure he lost the war. It would be a Pyrrhic victory, so devastating that Steve might as well have been the one vanquished.
He walked about a hundred steps, barely making it outside the tower before he fell apart, bawling his eyes out by the side of the building.
Tony lost the valiant battle with his tears, blotting them with his sleeve. “I’m sorry to impose,” he apologised. “I – I’ve lost my way.”
A choked sound was heard over the communications. And Tony frowned at the wheezing noises that came through. Wasn't Steve done with his asthma?
punching down in his signature fist-and-knee-but-not-kneeling badass stance that he’d rehearsed a hundred times. Standing, he made sure he showed off the machinery on the Mark VI, going for
“The prince began to glow red-hot,” Steve said, “And when he screamed, flames shot out of his own mouth, which blasted the dragon in the face.”
“Yeah, we should,” Tony said. It was probably better like this – to get all the important stuff out of the way so they could move on and live their best lives, without the fear of history repeating itself. “Any ideas?” he asked.
He had to tell Steve everything, from the beginning, and spare no detail, if that was what it took to have another shot at starting over with the one he couldn’t live without. He put a hand on Steve's shoulder, and prepared to start, but before the first word could spill out of his mouth, the heavy oak doors that opened to the throne room, creaked and moved apart.
Rising to his feet, Tony lengthened his body, and glowered fiercely at both Pietro and Wanda as he prepared for their next move.
Each time they entered the room, their arms were laden with gifts. That morning, Sam brought back some of Mrs Phillips’ meat pies and an assortment of cheeses from the Coulsons. Bucky had a bread basket from the Simmonses in one hand and a cheery basket of seasonal fruit from the Shaws in the other, bursting with oranges, strawberries and cherries. Together with the large bouquet of white daisies the Johnsons had sent that morning, the gifts brought some much-needed cheer to an otherwise austere home.
“In our defence,” Tony began primly, keeping the smile on his face even as he bristled with mock outrage. “There was a war, but had I known that I’d one day stuck in traffic with a bonafide hero, I would have made it our top priority.”
“Yes, yes, it is very important to him” the dragon agreed, and flashed a row of the brightest teeth Steve had ever seen. “But giving them to me is akin to handing it to Tony. We’re inseparable, attached. We’re connected, you see?”
Thanos let out a roar of incredulous laughter as he overtook Tony and turned around to face him.  “Your precious king, your friends, have all been vanquished. They lie fallen, unable to save themselves, much less you. Where is my disadvantage?” he demanded, and lowered his face so that their noses nearly touched.
“You don’t have to let him win.” Ana said, when they were alone. Edwin knows what you’re doing. And it takes the fun out of the game.”
“Clint can get his hands on the rest of the materials easily,” Bruce said, still looking at the reports, so used to their disgusting behaviour he deserved an 8th PhD. “But he still needs a power source of high energy density. Something to kickstart the cube.”
Steve was on a separate screen in a moment, accelerating towards their friend. It was a sight that filled Tony with fresh anxiety and relief. He bounded up the car with the lid of a garbage can, which crumpled like an accordion with one swipe of metal. Then, the assassin sent Steve flying backward with a powerful kick to the torso.
“I run an independent think-tank called A.I.M. We were working with the late Mr Stark to replicate the super-soldier serum formula that Dr Erskine made.”
“I thought it was peculiar how your father was suddenly so eager, desperate even, to marry you off. And writing that letter just before he left? The timing was uncanny. It was as though he knew. I think - I suspect there might have been a previous attempt on his life.”
Steve was on the beast in a second, hitting it squarely on the head with his shield. It let out a wail and opened his mouth to free their friend, who leapt away with her arm cradled to her chest.
“Once upon a time,” Steve began, as he sat down beside Tony, close enough for their elbows to touch. “There was a boy who dreamed of being a knight, but due to his frail stature and poor health, he was turned away from the military, time and again, until they told him he wasn’t allowed to try anymore.”
When the vision returned to his eyes, Pietro was holding Steve’s sword, having caught it just before it pierced his sister’s throat.
A few nights ago, he’d had a dream. About having a kid. With Steve. It had been so real. And it gave him a major case of baby fever. And now he constantly thought about raising their brood together.
She smiled, looking pleased at his answer. “Let me know if he isn't and I’ll set him right for you. For now, I'm glad he hasn't made you uncomfortable, at the least.”
“Did you model in Tokyo? Because she modelled in Tokyo,” Tony continued, scrolling through pictures of the redhead in lingerie.
They advanced swiftly, and let out shrill shrieks as they approached. Rhodey and Peter soared toward them, as planned, ready to meet the challenge. Tony was preparing to do the same when he spotted Steve galloping toward him with a worried look on his face.
“The purple dragon fled from the forest, still howling, but the damage had been done,” Steve continued. “The prince was weak and fading, so in order to keep him awake, our young friend picked up the first thing he could find and spun it to keep the prince from closing his eyes.
“I’m sorry, Steve,” Tony said, unimpressed. “You are being dangerously arrogant. Has anyone ever told you that you can be quite reckless?”
Steve’s eyes flickered and opened wide, horrified at the sight of smoke billowing black across the hall. It thickened and filled his lungs, causing him to cough. The fire in the hearth towered over them as flames licked at the oak walls, burning them to their foundations. The paintings and books he’d kept on the mantelpiece were also alight and burning down to cinders and ash.
If Dragonrocke was designed to look like an army of dragons, the high tower had to be their king, with its impressive height and large wings carved in the shape of, well, wings.
By the time he had identified 1218 stones with light scratches on them from years of wear, the pain in his body was beginning to subside – indicating that the venom had run its course.
He stared in disbelief at the printed words, already beginning to smudge with the falling of hot tears. Heart sinking to the bottom of his stomach, it felt like he was plunging from the wormhole all over again.
"I’m a visionary. But I'm nice. I’ll show you what you came for. Real generous of our friends at SHIELD to let us keep him, even if it’s only for a few days,” he said as he rolled three metallic balls on the ground between them.
And, as if an idea had suddenly occurred to her, she said, “Tony’s been teaching me about compromise, you know? What would you say to half a lemon each?”
A tentacle ripped out the offending weapon, with Steve still clinging to it. Steve braced his body for the crash, which never came. Instead, green fingers curled around his ankle and lifted him effortlessly back on deck.
Tony twisted the ring on his left hand, reassured by the familiar feel of the gold band. He only took it off when working (safety guidelines drilled into him by an overprotective father) and always kept it carefully in its box, afraid to lose it amongst his tools and fasteners.
“Yes,” the dragon said, who went on to speak of special powers and medallions and spells and treasure.
In the chaos, Tony felt Steve’s hands on his shoulders, grounding him. “Tony, get Iron Man. We could use his help. Then stay in our room and do not leave. I will come for you once it’s safe.”
“Not yet. We’ve only just got to the intermission,” Loki explained. “The rest is yet to be written. But the roles have been cast and it’s time for the actors to take their places on the stage, before we raise the curtains once more.”
It only took a few beats of his wings for Tony to pull up beside him, where Steve could launch his shield at the dragon’s thick skull. Tony followed up with a jet of dragonfire, but the dragon veered away sharply, so Tony only managed to scorch the tips of his wings.
“Death!” they shouted in one voice, and charged after Steve, gathering speed like a tidal wave sweeping toward the enemy.
“The king of serpents, the basilisk is a monster of titanic proportions. Gazing directly into his bulbous yellow eyes will petrify even the hottest-blooded warrior,” Tony began, reciting this knowledge from memory.
Strange flicked his wrist, and moved five of the six crystals in the direction of the purple dragon.  The crystals attached themselves to his talons, three on one hand and two on the other, as the Sorcerer Supreme closed his fist. “Thanos has five of the six stones. That makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe. If he gets his hands on the heartstone…”
Tony racked his brains as his eyes desperately swept over the beach. “I don’t know,” he said. “But…” he trailed off, at the sight of the cave.
“We'll need a team,” Tony pointed out, cognizant of the insurmountable obstacles and overwhelming odds stacked up against them.
Rhodey gave him a curt nod. “Well, you look like crap. Must’ve been a rough couple of months,” he said, looking critically at Tony’s dull scales and shrunken body.
Gravitating towards each other, they found an equilibrium in their orbits. Like the figures of ‘8’ Steve was drawing on his back to lull him back to sleep.
“Berserkers,” Tony explained, and he recognised them from the bearskins on their backs. “They’re a powerful army. Asgardian warriors who fought under the command of Odin himself during the great wars of conquest. They battled like raging beasts and destroyed everything in their path.”
It was meant to be a picnic, on the lawn, under the stars. Jarvis and Ana had outdone themselves with the food and desserts and they were all in for a treat.
Pepper had outdone herself with the planning of the event. Hiring his ex-classmate was really one of the best decisions he’d made. She really was the most capable, qualified and trustworthy person he knew.
Tony stopped in his tracks to return the greeting. “How are you doing, Bucky?” he asked, his voice coming out in a soft growl.
“It’s true. You saw me. Some random man pays me a little attention and I let him have his wicked way with me.”
Tony was smiling at him, and he looked bright and radiant, like a flower blooming in the sun, while Steve wished he were a seed to be buried in the soil, only to sprout next spring, his heart light, oblivious to the misery of being in love.
Steve let out a huff of disapproval, and somehow managed to stare down at the usurper, even from the bottom of the stairs.
Tony bit his lip. “You can’t. It’s not the eggs. It’s the shock, the change in temperature that’s-” he broke off when he noticed the look on the older man’s face.
Tony’s face melted into a relieved smile. “Oh good, that’s great. Because, you see, the dragon, he’s - I - he’s - STRANGE!” Tony shouted, and his eyes widened while he stared over Steve’s shoulder.
Under the cover of darkness, he began to grow wings. And with them, courage, strength and an impenetrable armour.
Tony nodded, eyes still on the bracelets circling his wrists, a thank-you-for-not-dying-because-I-really-love-my-job gift from Pepper.
A single white star twinkled in the night sky, and its light glinted against the colourless jewels on his fingers. More were to be found in Steve’s satchel, together with whatever dragonbone they could get their hands on. Much of it had once belonged to Thanos, with the rest surrendered willingly by both people and dragons.
The kraken howled and her body twisted in agony, as her tentacles uncurled and released her victims into the sea to tread water until Redwing or the mysterious dracanix picked them up.
“Oh! The stones!” Tony said, in a matching deep voice. “That makes so much sense! No, not really,” he mumbled, studying the colourless gems on his fingers.
Steve had heard about it even though he’d forgotten some of the details, and there was that statue of the dragon in the great hall of the Sanctum Sanctorum.
“I – Wait. How do you know my name? And how do you know about that? The potion?” Steve asked, eyes narrowing in suspicion.
Gold dust sprinkled from Loki’s wings as the Asgardians flew over the enemy troops. It had a tranquilising effect on the berserkers, whose movements began to slow down. Some had even begun to lay down their arms.
my weakness,” Tony snapped, and struggled to his leaden feet. “But someone like you would never understand.”
While Natasha trained her firearm at the secretary’s head, Tony worked on disabling the security protocols. For a couple of minutes, he focused on his task to publish the contents of Fury’s thumb drive, information regarding SHIELD and HYDRA into the Internet.
“You’ll love him,” his mother had added, like icing on a cake he didn’t want, and Tony chose to take it with a generous sprinkling of salt, because that was what she’d said about Pepper and – just about everyone they’d deemed a potential mate. To be fair, they did their best to set him up with those they’d genuinely thought he'd get along with. And got along with them, he had. Yet, none of those matches had ignited the barest hint of a spark and the more people Tony met, the more convinced he was that he’d never meet someone he could really love. Because there was just so much he required!
Tony’s wounds burned like fire, and he tried and failed to keep his balance, and finally fell backward into Steve’s arms. Black filled the edges of his vision as Tony felt himself being gently lowered to the ground.
It didn’t happen overnight. But little by little, some semblance of normalcy returned to their lives. The nightmares became less frequent and Tony felt like could almost breathe again.
He sent the requisition to SI for a new suit before taking out the sewing kit for a few quick stitches.  With the company’s reputation on the line, it wouldn’t do for Steve to be seen with tears in the uniform. And it could be some time before the replacement arrived, even though he’d marked it as
“You’re bleeding,” Tony murmured and pulled out a clean pocket square to dab at the small graze that marred his left cheek.
It’s a statement, a candid one, that Tony had made many times. A statement which invariably provoked the same series of responses.
“They are beautiful,” Tony agreed, putting on a pair of gloves and getting down on his knees to help.
“What in the world, Steve? Why’d you have to go and do that for?” he screamed, as Steve caught the shield before it hit his head.
“All right, kid. You’re a knight now,” Tony whispered to the beaming young man as he lowered the ceremonial sword.
“We are online and ready. Although there are still terabytes of calculations before an actual flight is…”
. He was on a roll that day. He really had a talent for ruining things with the things he said. Or didn't.
“That was dramatic,” Obie said, and looked slightly put out, as he pulled up beside him. “Tony?” he asked, turning sideways to look at him.
Tony gasped with mock indignation. “As much as I appreciate your unbridled enthusiasm, I’ve done more than enough riding for the day. All ready to hit the hay. That’s all.”
They laughed. And laughed. Then laughed some more. They were having a moment. For a few good minutes, they enjoyed the view of Miami from the rooftop, celebrating their victory and what they’d almost lost and found.
Nat came to his rescue with a handkerchief and glared daggers at Clint, who bowed his head and looked suitably chastened, and Bucky, who just looked away, with two spots of pink high on his cheeks.
“When I woke up in this era, I had no one, nothing. You – you gave me a purpose, somewhere to belong. A home. You made me - a shield. And I - I took the one thing you made for yourself. The only thing you care about,” he said, hiding his face in his hands.
Steve turned to Tony and met his astonished gaze. He reached out for Tony’s hand and squeezed it gently in his. The rest exchanged awed looks as they watched an oblivious Bucky sobbing over a slowly-reviving Nat.
Following the order specified by the spell, Steve picked the stones up and placed them inside the crucible, one at a time, recognising that behind the acquisition of each gem was a moving story of personal courage and sacrifice –
What was wrong with him? One night of being married and already he was turning into a happy housewife.
“I didn’t eat him,” Tony added, heaving a sigh of relief when the king lowered his sword. “Tony is fine. Can't explain right now. Besides, I don't think you'll ever believe me.”
When Tony opened his eyes again, the sun had just about reached its highest point and its bright rays filtered through the leaves to warm his resting body. Getting to his feet, Tony shook the freshly-fallen leaves off his body. Rejuvenated now by his time in the forest, he prepared to depart.
A huge wave of fire belched from its riven summit as soon as they were in the skies, which roared with thunder. Lightning tore the clouds asunder, and unleashed a mass of rainbow lights. Enthralled, Tony and Steve streaked across the night sky, which glowed brightly for a couple of minutes, before the lights went out.
Steve frowned and opened his mouth to say something but Tony was already cutting him off. “Show me,” he demanded, as he held his hand out.
As a boy, he wanted to reach for the stars, what appeared to be the farthest thing out there. Later, he learnt to reach deep within his heart, which was the same thing in the opposite direction.
Effectively, their ship was frozen, but so were the leviathans, making them easy targets for the warriors on board. Those who were far enough to avoid the attack found themselves excluded from the action via the frozen moat.
Steve met him midway, taking his horrified friend into his arms. “Buck, stop,” he said, and held on to him tightly, knowing that the knight was going to take it hard.
“You’ll never what? You didn’t finish!” Steve yelled after him while Tony, with his heart still pounding wildly in his chest, climbed toward the landing pad in front of the castle’s high gates.
wasn’t the one that was being rejected or replaced. It was Steve. “Steve…” he said, and his voice took on a pleading tone as he reached forward in an attempt to brush the tear from the corner of his eye.
All he seemed to do after his body betrayed him was to disappoint his dad. Tony let out a sigh, resigned to his fate. If he couldn’t be the son Howard desired, he was at least giving him a son-in-law to be proud of.
“It was very brave – what you’ve done,” Steve said, truly impressed by their accomplishments over the last few days.
“I’m sorry, my friend. You’re the only one who can make the antidote,” Thor explained. “But we’re out of tears, and without it, the poison will kill you.”
When they cast their eyes back to earth, Tony had to squint through the ash and smoke to find the Dracarex Hylls, for their fires had finally been extinguished. All that remained of the fiery mountains that once stood between Armestria and Valoria were flattened plains covered in rich, fertile soil, which presented to them the perfect place for a new farming community.
“You see,” Tony said, “that’s exactly what I’m afraid of. That sort of attitude is not going to fly. We’re talking about Tyranaksthon, the king of dragons. And I hear he’s the most powerful one of all.”
Sarah conceded defeat, accepting the outcome of this personal battle. For once a Rogers man had decided on something, be it a battle plan or life partner, they never changed their minds. “You’re a righteous king, Steve. And soon, you’ll be a loving husband.”
Steve had no idea how long he stood behind the statue, quiet and unmoving until a long talon stretched out in front of his eyes and reached for the medallion.
Thankfully, the suppressants he'd taken (somewhat regularly) prevented him from going into a full cycle, although he had been uncomfortable and very embarrassed.
They stayed like that a while more, and some of Steve’s anxiety began to wash away. “Is he – is he going to die?”
“He’s led them out of the underworld to battle his wars,” Tony concluded. “They’re not fighting of their own volition. You can tell by the colour of their pupils. They’re white.”
when you were locked up in an ivory tower. But Steve had been out here, in the midst of all these attractive men and women...
“Looks like we pissed her off,” Nat said, as they gawked at Midnight, who had lowered her spear and transformed herself into a dragon of a deep, beautiful blue.
But was it so wrong for him to want that? To put a suit of armour around himself? And the world if he could?
Loki nodded. “Rex’s soul continues to seek revenge from beyond his fiery grave. With the dragonstones scattered over multiple kingoms, he's managed to sow discord between king and noble, human and mage, while they wage wars over his legacy and decimate entire populations in the process. Having no use for Thanos, the humans attempted to get rid of him, and banish him to the underworld, where he’d stayed for a number of millennia, before his eventual escape. His time in hades has only made him more vengeful than ever. The Mad Dragon has sworn to collect the dragonstones, to wage war on all mankind.”
Pietro looked mildly impressed. “Have you not listened to a word I said?” he asked, raising a brow. “Thanos is no
“I’m sorry to do this, but I had no other place to crash,” he said, showing Tony a message [SHIELD compromised].
“That’s enough chess for tonight,” Ana decided. “I’ve made dessert. Come and help me serve it.” Lured by the aroma of blueberry muffins, Tony followed her dutifully to the kitchen.
“What do you mean? Which one?” Tony asked, desperate for answers but he was already gone, leaving him in the empty conference room with nothing but the papers in his hands.
“And what about Ivan?” Pietro demanded, reminding them of the dracastrom who was killed when his lightning bolts bounced off Steve’s shield and back at him.
For a while, they sat down side-by-side and Tony just waited for both of them to catch their breath. In the silence, Tony's sensitive ears picked up the tell-tale sound of trickling blood. “You’re hurt,” Tony decided and looked closely at Steve.
As soon as his scaly red feet were through the portal and on solid ground, Tony went looking for Steve in the flurry of armoured warriors. The king was easy to spot in his new armour. As always, he carried the shield on his back, and a new sword made with the horn of a legendary dragon. To Tony, he looked regal and stunning, yet somewhat apprehensive in the way Steve could sometimes be.
“Can’t stop something that doesn’t exist. Can’t kill a man who’s already dead. You remember Agent Coulson, right?” Hill asked, when she saw Tony gawking at the man walking toward the car.
But Steve was not backing off, or coming down from his moral high ground. And there was something in his expression, a coldness, a darkness, a hardness, that had never been there before. He realised that he was being threatened. And he was afraid.
Thanos looked at Wanda calmly, with an almost-bored expression on his face. “I said it was Stark’s fault. Where’s the lie in that? If not for his meddling, Max wouldn’t have changed his mind. Do you think I enjoyed watching him die? Max was one of the greatest dragons of all time.”
Tony and Bruce had to start from scratch. Rough out a tracking algorithm based on cluster recognition from the data gathered from all the gamma-calibrated spectrometers they had access to. Unless they could piece together the clues from all their interactions with Loki.
Tony knew. It took exactly ten words to turn a good man into a ruthless killer. But how many words did it take to turn him back to the person he was?
“I’d like to - I'd like to - get to know you," Steve said. "I’m aware we didn’t get married under the most ideal circumstances.”
Peter was on his left and Rhodey on his right, carrying Strange on his back, because magical cloaks were good and all, but nothing would trump a dragon’s instinct. They glided over the walls that led to the markets, then shops and homes before they approached the castle, where the emperor sat on his silver-gilded throne of blackstone, surrounded by the riches plundered from the earth.
“Where’s Tony? I can't leave without him,” Steve said, looking everywhere but at his enormous body and large wings, which were shimmering with scales of red and gold.
Tony cupped the man’s cheeks and gently turned him around so he could face him properly. “Do you know why I never told you – about being a dragon? The simple truth is – I wasn’t one. While that encounter with Thanos all those years ago had changed my body, all I could do was light fires and heat things up. It was only that day at King’s Isle, when Killian threatened to have you killed that my body went through the transformation, sparked by the singular goal of keeping you safe.”
But Tony didn’t want any of it. “Steve, I found my way out of those caves. I think I’m going to be fine.”
All that stood in the way of their separation was their mission to end the cruel reign of Emperor Thanos and destroy what was left of the dragonstones, which was a task that Tony only seemed too eager to complete.
He could still hear the sounds, as though they were right there, in the next room. The clashing of metal on flesh and flesh on metal, the screaming, the pleading, the crying, the begging.
“Acid!” Steve yelled, and raised his shield to protect them both from the boiling liquid pouring down. “Go high!” the king urged, so Tony spiralled upward to escape the venomous female.
Killian turned to face him, looking at him with appraising eyes. “Here we are. Again. On top of the roof. And this time, you’ve brought me the suit.”
It was a sentence that sounded reassuring and threatening all at once. Loyalty would be rewarded. And treachery? He wondered. Yet, the townsfolk had shown no fear in his presence and had waved excitedly at them as they rode into the city. When Steve returned their greetings, Tony had been struck by the grown-up expression on his youthful face. “He’s very young,” he said, as if it were something he just realised. They were really about the same age, but Steve was already a king who needed to bear the weight of a nation on his broad shoulders.
happy with the turntable he owned. It wouldn’t spin smoothly, intermittently slowing down and sometimes coming to a complete stop.
Rhodey arrived violently in front of him, blowing away the contents of his taco. He travelled everywhere in the suit these days, ruining everyone's lunches, so there was no excuse for missing the party.
Steve waved at Bucky to take over. He was going after his husband, who had smiled broadly at him in invitation, before galloping off for the woods. Steve grinned at the unspoken challenge as he went in pursuit of the adventurous prince, who was already steering Stripe through the foliage, deeper into the forest.
Tony slowly got to his feet and looked the titan right in the eye. “Is that why you want the stone – to end the human race?”
It wasn’t something Tony had to consider. Between the mages and the warriors on the field, the battle was as good as won. Besides, who would he follow if not Steve?
He heard the roar of quinjets overhead, wondered if it’s the result of the constant ringing in his ears, a memento from the crash three days ago. The downdraft flung him into the sand in a final attempt to bury him and his last glimmer of hope.
With magic, she lifted Tony from the ground. A red mist surrounded him, lifting his body, wings and all, to trap him against a pillar. Wanda brought her fingers together, and Tony felt his windpipe beginning to constrict.
“Well, all the guys from my barbershop quartet are in retirement homes," Steve said. "So, no, not really.”
At the penthouse, Tony found Fury lying on an armchair. Music was playing on their turntable. He stopped in his tracks, looking warily at the man of secrets. “I don’t remember giving you the access codes.”
Steve’s reply was already on his lips, and the practised words rolled smoothly off his tongue. “This is my duty. I’m not going to run from it.”
“138 combat missions. That’s how many I’ve flown. Every one of them could have been my last. But the fight needed to be fought. And this - this is the fight of our lives.”
If only he hadn’t been looking so intently at his beloved, or if his eyes hadn’t been so wet with tears, he might have noticed tiny red petals, in the shape of hearts, budding on a couple of the higher branches of the heartewoode tree.
For a long period of time, all he could hear was silence, except for the painful beating of his heart.
Obie turned to his left, and drew their attention to a lizard-like beast, who was covered in scales of highly-reflective chrome. “This is Prince Ivan of Anguisia,” Obie said, introducing the first of them.
“No, you won’t. I forbid it. Do you hear me, Anthony Stark? You are not allowed to die.” A loud sob was torn from Steve’s lips, as he squeezed his hand harder. “Tony! No! Don’t go,” he pleaded, as his voice cracked with emotion.
Clouds were gathering outside, which channelled the sunlight into a swirl of rainbow rays that twisted together to form a funnel of white light. It glowed of elegant power and pulsing light, with the promise of celestial beings. When light faded and winds calmed, Steve found himself looking at two men with the most elaborate headpieces he’d ever seen.
“Steve,” Nat said, appearing from the copse of trees behind them. “Sam’s back. The Anguisians have crossed the River Aros and are making good on time. They’ll be at the Freedom Mounds before we know it.”
He heard a commotion on the roof. He flew out the broken window, and found Steve and Killian fighting it out.
Depleted of their magic, the stones were transparent and devoid of colour, all of which appeared to have returned to Tony’s bronzed cheeks and glossy lips.
There was the familiar sweeping at the surface of his mind once again. The search was focused, beginning and ending with the keywords
“All right,” Tony agreed, somewhat chilled by the icy greeting but nonetheless relieved to have something to talk about, as Steve sat down beside him, facing the creek.
“Fine,” Tony sighed, deciding to do as he was told, but not before giving orders of his own. “Don’t do anything stupid till I get back.”
Steve stayed close as Bruce continued to administer the antidote. He held on to Tony’s hand, even as the prince remained in a state of restless sleep. Distressed by the soft cries of pain escaping Tony’s mouth, Steve lost count of the number of times Bruce pressed the quill into Tony’s arm until it finally came to a stop.
Crying into his pillow, Tony didn’t even hear the knocking on his door. He barely registered Steve walking into his bedroom and sitting down beside him. He let him pull him into his arms, body shaking with forceful sobs.
“We had a good run,” Steve slowly said. “We worked well together. And I think we got along.  I will miss you when you leave.”
“You have a lightning tail. That is awesome, dude,” Peter shouted, while jumping away from the burning sparks that nearly scorched his feet.
Whenever Steve got closer, Glaive would twist his neck and snap his ugly maw at him, which forced the king to slip lower on the rough, uneven scales to stay out of reach. Finally, frustrated with taking two steps forward and three steps back, Steve leapt into the air and landed on Glaive’s shoulders. From this new position, he wielded his shield against Glaive’s skull, and the dragon began to thrash wildly from side to side.
Rhodey looked at the dragonet flying toward them in a medley of twists and dives. “This guy has got a bit of a sense. He knows things before they’re about to happen.”
“You’re in love with Tony Stark,” he strained to speak, before sinking into a bottomless pit of despair.
“Is that thing in your chest keeping you alive?” Steve asked when he caught sight of the arc reactor sitting in his chest. Tony had been too self-conscious about the scarring to show it to him before.
Taking advantage of the moment, Steve threw his weight behind his sword, and drove it into the serpent’s middle. Nothing happened. The serpent’s hide looked completely intact. He tried again, and again, putting his full weight behind the swing, which only succeeded in breaking its tip.
In the comfort of his own bed, Steve pieced together the fragmented memories from the previous night: Tony’s warm arms around him, and the tearful exchange of words. There could have been a kiss, but he wasn’t sure. Then, there was the soft bed beneath him and the embrace of thick, wool blankets.
just about no desserts,” he solemnly answered, before falling back into a little grin. “But I did. Learn my lesson. And it wasn’t the one Dad was trying to teach.”
She ignored him as he entered, alienating herself at the other end of the room, so she could finish her peanut butter sandwiches without fielding intrusive questions about her love life.
Tony’s mind whirred as he watched the gears in his clock spin. It was 7.00 a.m. Steve had (hopefully) just woken up. In a couple of minutes, he would be preparing to meet with the World Security Council, to negotiate the parameters of their mission.
“Running away? From you? Now, why would I do that?” he asked, with a twinkle in his eye. “But did you just leave our people behind just to come after me? Because that seems terribly, terribly irresponsible.”
“Is this little display meant to insinuate you’re going to throw me off, Sir Barnes? ‘Cause it’s really not your style,” the messenger said.
“Go on then,” Steve huffed in an attempt to hide his disappointment. “Get on the wagon and meet your dragon.”
The only thing that Ferrumarx lacked was his treasure, which he had to leave behind that disastrous night. And while he’d visited Shieldberg a couple of times under the cover of darkness, he always took care to stay out of sight, and was content merely to see and not touch.
The dragonet stopped, large brown eyes turning to Rhodey for help. “Who? That’s a made-up name, right?” he said, before turning back to Tony. “What kind of name is Peter Parker? I mean Peter, because you only said Peter, right?”
As if cursed by some obscure magic, their warriors began to keel over, one by one, wide-eyed and unmoving, like rocks.
Steve continued the assault on the dragon’s head, before Glaive, tired of being pestled into paste, flipped himself around. Instinctively, Steve reached out for the most prominent thing in sight, which was one of Glaive’s golden horns, and it turned out to be a massive mistake.
Howard smiled and pulled Tony in for a hug. Tony mirrored his smile to keep his disappointment from showing. No, he wouldn’t be hearing those words back. But Tony would comfort himself with the knowledge that they’d at least parted on good terms.
Under the shade of a leafy, green tree, Tony watched as Steve pottered around the garden and filled a basket with berries, which he rinsed and offered to him. Tony was more than a little touched to see the humble Armestrian blueberry in the mix.
“Wait, just wait a minute,” he said, as he leaned over to get a better look at his husband, who clearly wasn’t talking about the destruction of precious metals and dragonstones. “Steve, sweetheart, just what are you talking about?”
With a face full of confident determination, Thanos raised his forearms, and blinded those present with four dazzling dragonstones. It was a reminder that even with only four gems, he could turn them to ash with a single clap.
He loved him as he was - dragon or not. He really did, judging from the brightness of his blue eyes as he continued pouring his heart out to Tony in earnest.
With no leads on Loki or the tesseract, they returned to the Avengers Tower, reuniting with Thor and Bruce.
“Your one true love,” Steve echoed, and felt his mouth going dry. “It’s Tony then, isn’t it?” he asked, after a long pause, because there hadn’t been anyone else on King’s Isle that day.
Tony frowned as he tried to recall that conversation, where his parents were talking about a vacation back home. “We’ve discussed this,” he reminded him gently. “Summers in Ferrecita? Did you – did you change your mind?”
“They’re not healing,” Bruce sighed, with his brows furrowed together, and Steve could see how he was speaking the truth.
“I don’t want to be friends!” Tony choked out, sobbing now as his shoulders began to shake, like he was about to fall.
Steve let himself into the three-storey temple, peacefully silent apart from the sound of his own footsteps. Slowly, he made his way down the narrow corridors, walls on both sides lined with never-ending shelves of books, before arriving at the great hall, where a number of magical relics were on display.
There was a longer pause, this time to allow the weight of Steve’s words to sink in, before Steve began moving on Star, raising his sword and pointing it to the enemy. “They hurt you? Hurt them back. Get killed? Walk it off. You ready? Then, into hell’s mouth we ride - to a glorious death!”
“Leave. Him. Alone,” Steve growled, as he struck the emperor a total of three times, all the while looking ferocious, as his blue eyes burned with murderous rage.
Steve stared after Tony’s retreating figure, and his gaze lingered on his silhouette until it vanished, leaving Steve to deal with the charred remains of what had once been their home, to suffocate and choke on the words he never got to say, but just as quickly as it had started, the fire began to subside, and the only traces of the raging inferno were embers slowly dying in the grate.
Tony froze. What was Steve thinking, ruining the lovely evening they were having? Was he offering his parents a tour? Around their house? Where they would find out about their (separate) bedrooms? And the workshop? He thought it was meant to be their secret.
“I don’t see what the problem is. You, my friend, are about to marry the most desirable man in Armeria.”
“That’s impossible. The stones are mine. I’ve killed kings and slaughtered armies – all for these stones! This is
Noting the distraught expression on Tony’s face, he quickly continued. “I’ll be all right soon. Don’t worry. This is nothing. I’ve had worse.”
It seemed like it wasn't so easy adjusting to life forty years in the future. While the captain slept, the world spun on and the ones he loved had moved on with their lives. He laid down his life to save millions only to find out the war wasn’t over. Add that to a healthy dose of post-traumatic stress disorder and depression and the nation had a super (unbalanced) soldier on their hands.
In other news, after a whole lot of agonising, I finally figured out how this is going to end. We're in the endgame now (three more chapters to go). And I don't know if I should smile or cry.
“I don’t understand,” Steve said, as he looked around the room and noticed the defeat in everyone’s eyes. “The antidote works. It’s just that we don’t have enough. Why aren’t we making more?”
“How about aerosols? Just like some of the mini extinguishers?” The young man shrugged. “You could find a way to miniaturise them, and while you’re at it, might as well add a metering valve to deliver the right dose.”
Tony grimaced. It sounded like torture. He preferred to start his days with something a little more sweet.
"I - uh - I don’t think we’re ready for that,” the captain mumbled, colouring slightly around the ears.
“I’ll get him,” the dragon said cheerfully as he turned to go. “If you can just pass me the medallion, that would be swell. Tony might need that. I mean he could probably do without, but it might take a while,” he blabbered on incomprehensibly as he held his claw out.
Judging by the joyful cheers along the beach, the other petrified warriors were slowly coming back to life, revived by the tears of loving family and friends. They had expected a day of carnage and ruin and it was a nice change, not to have to clean up the blood and flesh of patriots from their shores.
It had been more of a sapling then, like the one Steve grew in Kingsgarden. Back then, the single seed on the ground had been the only sign of its first bloom, but now, it towered proudly above the others, and its long branches reached for the heavens as glossy green leaves dangled from them like emeralds in the light.
“No, Tony. No,” Steve muttered, holding Tony firmly by the shoulders. “You don’t have to do this. I don’t need anything from you.”
“I just thought of something,” Peter called out as Tony pulled up beside him. “Do you remember that really old book,
Tony’s sides were covered in eight vertical lines – four long gashes on each side, with blood still pooling from them. Sharp talons had pierced arteries and punctured deep tissue, driving a lethal dose of poison into Tony’s body.
“Guess not,” Thanos said, as he tossed the weapon to Pietro. “I would have remembered you,” he added, before waving an arm and sent a defenceless Steve flying across the room.
“Banner, give the blades to Thor. Can you coordinate evac?” Steve asked, the safety of innocent employees not far from his mind.
, Bucky scaled the beast, and climbed onto his shoulders, swinging his sword at the left, right and top of his head. Furious, the troll grabbed Bucky’s sword by the blade and flung it to the ground.
What he first needed to find were Steve and Nat, so he hacked into surveillance systems and accessed the cameras along the freeways. He found Fury leaving the Triskelion, and followed his SUV on a relatively uneventful drive towards NYC, where things took a dramatic turn on the interstate, just outside the city.
“Leviathans!” Clint shouted, as he reached for an obsidian arrow, and shot one of the beasts between its eyes as it crept onto the deck, which soon began teeming with the fiery beasts.
“Looking good, Tony,” Killian said, sweeping his disgusting hands over his clothed body. “It’s not very useful as a disguise though. I sniffed you out the moment you entered my building. And now, like the first mouse, you’ve walked right into my trap.” Killian kicked the trolley out of the elevator, dragging Tony behind him.
When he had returned to the centre of his troops, Star came to a stop. Looking at the troops assembled before him, Steve raised his voice. “Arise, my brothers! Arise, my sisters! For years, we and our allies have been living in the shadow of this growing beast. The time has come for us to rise against the monster and force it back from whence it came.”
Bucky looked bashful, and wiped his face with his sleeve as he came clean to her. “Tears of joy. You know I hate fighting. Alone.”
“Where is his treasure?” Wanda demanded, as she paced the carpet in a panic. “We need his treasure.”
Steve was seated on Tony’s back, and his arms were wrapped loosely around his neck. The king rode dragons the way he rode horses, and his highly-developed sense of balance allowed him to ride unharnessed and unhindered.
Tony laughed. “See, that is exactly the sort of thing Steve does. And he gets away with it too. It’s not fair. Life is just so much easier when you’re an alpha,” he added.
Steve took a step back, and clamped a hand over his mouth to maintain some semblance of dignity, desperately blinking back the tears of relief gathering in his traitorous eyes.
And then he laughed at how Steve, perhaps the most terrifying alpha in the history of alphas, but also secretly a golden retriever puppy, could protect him without even being there.
“I don’t know,” Steve admitted, and got to his feet. He shuffled to the window, gazing outside at the beautiful stars in the night sky.
Tony had barely taken a sip of cool water before long, limber arms were around his neck and as Peter contorted the rest of his body to fit around his girth, it tickled, and made him laugh. “This feels nice,” Peter purred happily, when Tony returned the hug.
“Phase II is SHIELD using the cube to make weapons,” he said. “Sorry, Tony, the computer was a little slow for me.”
Steve nodded. His husband was right. Emperor Thanos would be back, probably with twice as many beasts next time. It was a realisation that should strike fear deep in his heart. But his faith was in people - and Valoria was home to Earth’s mightiest heroes.
A second roar roused him to action. While keeping an eye on the trio of black dragons hovering above the riders, Tony made haste to light the beacons around the fortress. The winds would blow the smoke in the direction of Shieldberg and warn them of their enemy’s intentions.
A well-placed kick to his abdomen sent the Anguisian plunging from the cliff, and they continued to hear his screams long after he vanished.
“DUM-E,” Steve repeated. “You tell everyone it stands for “Damn Useless Machine” because it never does what it’s supposed to. You’re a livewire, the most unpredictable person I've met. But i think you know exactly what you’re doing. Your naming conventions, the nomenclature, they're very systematic. DUM-E is the fifth iteration in a series of robots, isn’t he? Before him, there was DUM-A, DUM-B, DUM-C and DUM-D.”
“The mindstone,” Steve continued, as he paused to admire its unique hue. “It’s been in your family for generations.”
Tony scrambled out of the way, as he narrowly avoided a jet of fire from Obie’s palm, before ducking under a fireball to stab the shifter in his chest.
Tony kissed him lightly on his cheek, trying to cheer him up. “Nat will come around,” he said. “There is nothing like the world ending to bring the team together.”
Spreading his wings to keep steady, Tony could feel Steve getting to his feet, as he prepared to hurl his shield.
“Yes. But not at you. Never at you,” Steve reassured, resting his hand at the back of Tony’s head. “I’m so sorry, Tony. I should have known you’d be upset. I should have made sure you were all right.”
“Please, don’t do this. We have time. We can work it out," Steve implored, his voice laced with emotion.
Rockhenge was an unusual venue for a royal wedding, but a terribly significant choice. A monument to honour fallen warriors on both sides of the war, it was a covenant between Armestria and Valoria to be a united force through good and bad times.
“Sorry.” The young man smiled sheepishly as he gestured vaguely to the controls. “I was just looking for the flying feature. I thought it’d be ready by now, because you said a few short years, and it’s been three long ones.”
It was a precious commodity, one available only to the nobility, and at the highest of costs. Thus, it came as a surprise, when Lord Erskine had offered every last drop of his prized inheritance to Steve. The only thing he asked in return was a promise, that Steve stay who he was -
Besides, waiting at the fields allowed both warrior and horse to conserve their energy, to have a drink and a snack, a last word with a friend, thus placing themselves in a stronger position to outlast their foes.
“So, Tony, what are you going to do about Captain Rogers?” Ana asked, putting a stop to the retching noises he was making in the background. “You going to compromise? Because I’ve decided I quite like it after all.”
Before he could locate either Steve or Nat, he found the masked assassin, on another monitor, jumping off the freeway onto a car, crushing its roof and that of countless unfortunate others. He was objectively mesmerising to watch - good hair, killer thighs and trademark death strut. Finally, he hit the ground, striding purposefully in pursuit of his target.
“We need Tony to stop Thanos,” Steve argued. “If we don’t save him, a lot of people are going to die. One life cannot stand in the way of Thanos’ defeat.”
Sarah leaned toward him and spilt some tea as she set her cup down. As she spoke, her eyes began to glaze over. “He is, which has been a miracle. Not one of us expected Steve to make it past his first birthday and by the time he was ten, we’d called on just about every healer from Brookland to Shieldberg in search of a cure, and that was when we met Lord Erskine.”
“Boost me,” Steve said, directing the command to a growing Bruce. “I’ve got to get to Tony. He’s all alone.”
There was no doubting Maria’s joy at welcoming her boys back home. “Family should stay together,” she said.
Steve sat down on the bed and placed his arms around Tony’s limp shoulders. He ran his fingers through the matted locks, and hummed a melody to soothe the distressed prince. “I’m sorry,” Steve said. “I’m so sorry, my love,” he repeated, over and over, until the loud cries subsided into whimpers and faded into silence.
“Yes,” she said, and closed her eyes for a few painful seconds. When she opened them again, they were brimming with tears.
“Captain Rogers. It’s an honour. We’ve never met. I’m Aldrich Killian,” he said, holding out his hand.
“Please Alpha, I don’t know how much longer I can hold off the Soldier, I am begging you to complete the bond.”
Exhausted he just lays on the bed not bothered by the intrusion of the butt, plug in his tender hole.  He allows Steve to manhandle him into whatever position he wants before sinking into a deep sleep.
When he entered the bedroom, he immediately smelt stale pee, then saw the empty bed, with a trail of clothes leading to the bathroom.  When he saw Tony curled up in the empty bath, he felt a jolt of guilt and worry, why hadn’t Tony come to him or at least have Jarvis call him. Picking him up he held him close, kissing his tear-stained face.
“Tony you are such a good girl, now hold them in your mouth until I tell you otherwise.  Now it’s time for your appointment with Bruce, l am going to lead you there with the remaining beads, l like the idea of you being leashed in this way.
He couldn’t breathe, he could feel the shards of glass and bone digging into his skin, frozen he stared up into cold grey eyes. Just as his vision began to darken, he felt hot breath on his lips.
Tony had to admit that Pepper certainly was enjoying being an alien sex slave, writhing on two cocks, with another one fucking her mouth and her hands jerking off another two space pirates.  He skin had been sprayed with lavender glitter body paint and her silver hair had been shaved close to her head and antennas attached that glowed inter the lights. Her huge belly seemed to drive the pirates insane as constantly sprayed it with cum, and then to his horror they pissed all over it, then the Captain fitted a ring gag and stood over her head, his heavy stream of piss flowing into her mouth.  He could see her frantically trying to swallow but there was to much and it began to tricky down her chin.
Steve is insatiable and Tony finds he can’t say no to him, blow jobs are part of his morning routine now, he preens under the praise he gets when Steve wakes up to his lips around his thick cock.  There are no all-nighters in the workshop, Steve takes him to bed and thoroughly fucks him, every night, always trapping his cum deep inside him with ever increasingly larger plugs.  He doesn’t protest anymore, not wanting to disappoint Steve.
His Alpha had decided that the second brand could wait until tomorrow it would be a celebration of the mating bond fully snapping into place. Tony would be allowed to choose where the brand went if he was able to follow all his Alpha’s orders and behave like a proper Omega for the next 24 hours.
Winter stalked into the room and made straight for the dais, he could smell the lingering scent of his cum on the bitch, along with the sweet scent of her slick.  He could barely hold back the Wolf, but the plan needed to be adhered to.
Finally, omegas and their Alphas will not be subject to the laws pertaining to public engagement of sexual acts, as this also falls under the Amendment of Breeding and Chastisement.”
“ Someone is feeling more relaxed, l think l know the perfect way for you to show your appreciation of my love and care.
Thighs settle either side of his pulled back arms and the wet folds of Ruby’s pussy cover his face. Knowing what he has to do he licks and sucks the fleshy lips of her pussy, tongue flicking teasingly over her clit. Soon she is grinding down his tongue as he fucks her cunt, his pointed tongue jabbing up into dripping hole.  He alternates between fucking her and sucking her swollen clit, soon she is gasping on the brink of an orgasm. Her hands grasp his hair mashing his mouth and nose into her wetness, he bites down on her clit she screams as her pussy squirts her sweet juice into is open mouth.
Steve went out of his way to walk through the main Stark Industries offices, stopping, and chatting to department heads as Tony sank gracefully to his knees each time, his eyes down cast. He was proud of Tony for complying and planed on giving him a reward later, he knew that Tony had suffered greatly with Him, but he could not help but think of all those security videos that he and Natasha had watched of Tony’s training and punishments and in every one of them when allowed the omega had come on demand and screamed with pleasure. He could never get out of his head the first time he had watched as Tony had peed himself when being fucked, and when at the cabin it had happened with him, it had set something loose in himself and broken down his inhibitions about how he thought he would test his own omega.
The emissary, a man named Ronan, bowed. “Hear me and rejoice. Soon, you will have the privilege of becoming a child of the Emperor Thanos. He offers you his protection and love.”
He felt Steve’s hand reaching for his. Steve’s wedding band felt warm and solid between his fingers. He wished he still had his.
Standing, he allowed her to help him into his black jacket, meant to protect him from the elements that chilly, autumn evening. It was just too bad the cold was on the inside.
“I know I'm asking a lot, but the price of freedom is high. It always has been, and it's a price I'm willing to pay. If I'm the only one, then so be it. But I'm willing to bet I'm not,” Steve said, ending his speech with a rousing call to arms.
She held up Bucky’s sword in her right hand, which caused her lover to break into a smile. “Always picking up after you boys,” she sighed.
Looking at the sapling, he continued, “The other day, I found this lemon sapling sprouting right here. A stray animal must have taken it. And a new idea has taken root. Just imagine! A lemon grove on these grounds? Ana would be pleased.”
Then, he saw the likes of Rumlow and Rollins ordering Steve and Natasha to the ground, slapping cuffs on their wrists. His mouth fell open. Coulson and Hill stared at each other in stunned silence.
“Yes," Steve told him. " You know, I was going to wait till it was completely ready but this feels like a good moment.”
Thank you so much for your patience as I got around to writing this. It wasn't easy with a baby who is going through a nap-refusal stage and wants to be cuddled all the time. It means I have to type with one hand and write in 5-10 minute blocks.
If their positions were reversed and Steve was the one with an alter ego who never left his side, Tony would have assumed there was something between them. He would have been jealous and mad with rage. He would have been heartbroken. He would have wanted to cut ties, never wanting to see either of them again.
“What do you want to do with this?” Steve finally asked, holding out his old arc reactor, which had been beside him on the bed.
The end of the ceremony was marked by raucous cheers drowning out the soft chiming of bells. Joyful guests mingled over refreshments as they celebrated the union and the dazzling smile on Anthony's face only faded when the Starks came to say farewell. After accepting their congratulations, Steve excused himself to give them time to say their goodbyes.
Steve closed his fingers tightly around the medallion. “I think I should hand it to him myself. This is very important to Tony, you know?”
“You doing anything fun this Saturday night?” Tony asked. If they were going to stay married, they might as well do it right. Didn't matter if it was backwards.
Through it all, Steve kept his head down and arms folded, as he waited patiently for his commanders to return to the discussion. The chilly reception cooled the fire within, and it caused Tony’s heart to freeze and crack painfully in his chest. It had been months since that disastrous conversation and the fall out, but clearly, Steve wasn't ready to let it go.
Howard was the first to extend his hand. “Steven, we finally meet. For years, we’ve been enthralled by your legend, regaled by tales of your honour, bravery and sacrifice.”
The din of arms rose high, with the rousing shouts of warriors and the neighing of horses surging around them. Horns were blown and trumpets brayed, and it gave the warriors the courage to charge bravely past the fading Shield of Seraphim.
With his suit’s supersonic capabilities, he could fly in, obliterate their bases, and be back by lunch.
Leaning in, Steve was so close that Tony could feel his hot breath against his cheek, as Steve’s warm mouth touched his. Tony melted into the kiss, which lasted several moments, finally pulling away when he had to breathe.
It was meant to be a diversion, but Tony soon learnt that something had, in fact, gone terribly wrong.
He’d scrubbed his skin so hard in an attempt to rid himself of Killian’s scent. It was red and raw to the touch. But he also felt feverish and light-headed. Steve sensed it too and promptly got out of bed to pour Tony a glass of water.
“I will miss you, Tony,” Steve agreed, and tightened his grip on Tony’s hand at the sight of Strange beckoning Tony over.
Growing up, Tony had wanted the stones, and thought of the Infinity Spell as a way to reverse his curse, but there were more important challenges to face in today's world.  He'd wish for peace, perhaps a suit of armour around the world, or Armeria at the very least, to keep his families, old and new, safe from harm.
Tony woke up shaking, his back bathed in cold sweat. For a moment, he thought he was still in the playground, stuck in a bad dream. And then, he remembered being in the cave, trapped in a nightmare. But it was too dark for the playground and too bright for the cave. And the blonde head beside him, reflecting the rising sun into his eyes, told him he was somewhere else. Hopefully on a quinjet bound for the states.
He opened the lid to gaze at its contents and blinked as the cut surfaces reflected the morning light. Raking a hand through the gems, Tony relished the feel of precious stones – pearls, diamonds, sapphires, emeralds and rubies, slipping through his fingers.
“One who means to battle a basilisk may use reflective surfaces to avoid petrification,” Tony added, drawing his sword. “Which include the blade of a sword, the back of a shield, or even a puddle of water.”
Pietro’s face hardened and for a moment, he looked older than his eighteen years. “My heart is full of hate,” he said, a trail of smoke leaving his mouth as he spoke through clenched teeth.
Tony focused inward, and turned himself into his human form, so he could navigate the narrow passages toward the peak, receiving the occasional boost from Steve as they struggled up a sharp slope of screes.
Thanos followed him out onto the withered moss. “I’ve moved beyond that. With all the humans gone,” he said in a voice that rumbled with satisfaction, “there will be no wars. This is how it ends, Tyranaksthon. This is peace in my time.”
to him, so Steve was familiar with the heroic conquests by the King of Geats, finding rich inspiration in his courage to face off against giants, dragons and the like.
Tony, though, was still determined to look on the bright side. “It doesn’t have to end in a fight,” he said, reminding them that there always was a way out.
“Up there!” someone shouted as they turned their eyes to the sky to see a winged creature gliding swiftly toward them.
“We should – you know – now the fighting’s over - we ought to discuss how to end this,” Steve finally said.
“Blueberry?” Tony asked, holding one out in front of Steve before popping the fruit into his open mouth.
Steve gazed upward and offered him a salute, before he  moved on to his next target, and continued to rack up the hits. He was in the prime of his life - looking fit and determined and most importantly, quite unscathed.
Tony tugged on Steve’s hand and as he leaned over to hear what Tony had to say, the prince pressed his soft lips against his. Steve’s arm curled around Tony’s waist, and he pulled his husband so close he could feel his heat seeping into his own body and warming him from the inside.
“You do,” the young man agreed readily while watching him keep the device. “It's great how it works without a power source. You could use it anywhere, no hospitals, although you’ll have to lug around a giant briefcase wherever you go.” He glanced up in horror at what he’d just said. “Well, it’s nothing, Mr. Stark. It’s perfect. Thank you.”
“Yes,” Steve said, offering the dragon a small smile. “It’s me. I’m just here with tea,” he explained, holding up the picnic basket.
Tony sidestepped the approach, rejecting his touch. “You know, Rogers?” he said, the use of his last name expanding the impossibly-wide rift between them. “All my life, I just wanted to be like you. I thought - I thought you were special.”
Steve grinned. “You really think that a legendary dragon, the so-called king of flying beasts, is going to mind a couple of guys kissing in his cave?”
“Stay on my six, cover high and don't shoot me in the back. See if you can give us the cover of darkness.”
Guilt weighed heavily on Tony’s chest. Instead of nurturing the love blossoming between them, Tony had allowed the weeds to creep up and choke out the light. And then, he'd uprooted himself, thus Steve to suffer all alone.
Spring had arrived at their home in a vase of fresh flowers, which sat among plates of steak and eggs, salad and fruit, right in the middle of the dining table that was set for two. Bright sunlight filtered through the windows, but Tony remained in his bedroom, likely still asleep from another late night.
Her feet came off the dash, and she scrambled onto Steve’s lap, firing back. The assassin punched through the roof and ripped off the steering wheel, tossing it into the path of an oncoming truck. Steve hit the brakes, throwing the assassin off. With an impressive tumble, he landed on his feet, dragging his metal arm through the tarmac as he came to a stop.
Tony whipped his head around, looking for something, chains or ropes, to restrain Ivan, but was distracted at the sight of Steve scaling a sea stack toward them. He looked tiny on the large face of the rock, and vulnerable.
It was a universal story of greed – for gold and glory. Yet, the same tale, read by a dragonet who’d been orphaned at the hands of mankind, bore little resemblance to his bedtime stories of his childhood.
“Okay, fine. It’s an alliance. So, treat it as one. The prince is bringing along his inventions, his weapons, his men, and they will help us win the war. We’ll take care of him, treat him as family.”
Tony’s eyes were huge, as they shifted from Thor to his companion and back again, and Steve was feeling a little starstruck himself. Those guys came from legend. They were basically gods.
A quick look behind the emperor told him everything he needed to know. His friends were scattered worryingly around the throne room, in various states of oblivion, but his enhanced hearing detected three distinct heartbeats - faint, but steady – at least for now.
It was hard for Tony to ignore the image of Steve on his knees, polishing the filthy shoes of these slovenly men and women who were much too spoilt to do it themselves. And the thought that one of them might take a liking to Steve and take him home with them struck fear inside his heart.
Sarah's blue eyes clouded over. “We’ve been at war,” she said. “It’s turned our boys into men. Steve was only ten when he tried to enlist. They’d turned him away, of course. With his list of health problems. Thought they were saving his life.”
Bucky was lowering the chaffron over his steed's head when they returned. He placed a soft kiss on Blaze's nose, and got up to greet them.
No amount of hoarded treasure could make him more beautiful or worthy of Steve’s attention. He was a monster, and a
“Steve,” Bruce finally said, as he gently took his arm. “I know how much Tony means to you. And while Tony now has five dragonstones, we’re still missing one. We could go on a hunt, but you’re still recovering. You’re in no condition for a quest.”
The background faded as his eyes focused on the accessory on his husband’s wrist, the anniversary gift he made but never got to give.
Steve said he wanted to court him. But that had been weeks ago. He could have changed his mind. Maybe Tony wasn’t quite what he looked for in a mate. Being nice to Tony was just Steve’s way of keeping his distance. If Tony was busy, he wouldn’t bother him too much.
“I'll see you later then. Goodbye, Tony,” Killian waved as he stepped into the elevator, leaving Tony alone with Steve.
Despite his impressive levels of endurance, repeated attacks to Obsidian’s head and wings caused the large dragon to tire and when that happened, Steve scored a powerful hit to Obsidian’s sensitive snout, which stunned the dragon long enough for Tony to bathe his entire left wing in liquid fire.
“Sorry, I never mentioned it. It’s just – at first I couldn’t breathe and then we were talking and I guess I just – I forgot.”
Steve spoke first, his voice cutting through the silence of the night. “God, Tony. All that red and gold. You have no idea what it’s doing to me. I can see why you don’t want to give up the suit. Quite frankly, I don’t want you to ever take it off either. What are we going to fight about now?”
He spent the next 4,800 nights waiting for this moment. And this time, he wasn’t going to let him down.
“I - what?” Tony hissed, surprised at the mention of the language of dragons. “You guys aren’t hearing him too?” he asked, and slowly turned to face the others who were shaking their heads.
The emperor looked him over with a sinister smile and his shrewd gaze came to rest on his relatively-bare fingers. “I take it the stones were used – to bring you back. That just means I get to kill you again. No resurrections this time.”
Time was on their side and the enemy wasn’t due to arrive for some time, but Steve kept the briefing short and to the point, as if eager to get it out of the way.
Steve snaked his strong arms around Tony to rest at the small of his back. “He truly is - very handsome, but I’ve only got eyes for you.”
“Hold still. I’m not that kind of doctor. Actually, I’m not any kind of doctor at all,” he reminded him before pushing the plunger down.
He didn't cry when they took his glasses, reasoning that it was better than having them shatter when they roughed him up. It also blurred their hideous faces, instantly improving the aesthetics of the cave.
Tony ached for his dad to take him into his arms, but he soon remembered how the same arms were about to cast him out, into the hands of a complete stranger.
Arms crossed, he looked down at Tony’s slumped form. “You’re one of us now. Why do you resist giving me the stone? Why do you fight on their side?”
“It was you,” Wanda hissed, pointing her finger at her father’s murderer. “Father changed his mind about the humans, and you had him killed. You even had us think it was Stark! You lied!”
The blood drained from the Steve's face and he looked like he was about to throw up. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered. “I was told you wanted this. I - I didn’t know.”
. Still on their firearms. So much blood on his hands. No amount of clean energy or intelli-crops or medical prosthetics would ever be able to wipe out the red in his ledger.
Steve was shaking his head. “But what am I talking about. Of course, Tony isn’t a dragon. He can’t be.”
From his position, right in front of their billowing flags, Steve could see the king and queen exiting the royal carriage. They were waving at the crowd, but Steve recognised the grim expressions they wore. It was the same look on every parent’s face as they sent a child to the camps, where young children were baptised in the fire of combat, learning that death on the battlefield was the greatest glory. One would return from the camps Valorian.
Tony bit back a laugh as Steve placed a tentative hand, fingers stiff, around his waist. They moved slowly, in sync with the melody, and Steve was content to let Tony lead.
“Well done,” Obie said, as he charged at Tony and knocked him sideways, which forced Tony to beat down hard with his wings to regain his balance.
Hi! This is the fifth chapter of this story. Thank you to the amazing Serinah for all her wonderful suggestions, which made this so much better!!! 💜 Thank you, also, to the lovely AvengersNewB for bearing with me and all my whining. I lob you both! 💜
we fight, so we can end the fight - and go home. Be it to husbands, wives, children or to see the face of God. Tonight, we battle. For family, for freedom, for Armeria!”
Tony grinned at the refernce to their little display at the World Exposition of Tomorrow. He remembered  how he and Howard had amazed the crowd by having a car levitate for a breath-taking five seconds, before it landed heavily with a loud clunk. Clearly, it had left quite the impression on this particular member of the audience.
Tony’s ears perked up at the sound of footsteps. He had just about made it to the door when a violent explosion blew it wide open, sending him backward as flying shrapnel pierced his heart and burst the bubble he lived in. It would be the catalyst to spark an irrevocable chain of events.
Having snatched the device out of Tony's handss, the young man inserted the thin nozzle between his pale lips and squeezed the bulb with his trembling fingers. Again. And again.
“I was dead, Mr Stark,” Coulson informed him. “For a few days. But boss man said clocking out wasn't an option.”
He was about to hack at the creature with the side of his sword, but the serpent had had enough. With an angry hiss, Captain Maw coiled his tail around him and immobilised Steve's legs and arms, working his way around his neck to squeeze the life out of his body as Steve strained against his grip.
“You should keep it,” Steve said, and ran his thumb over the glowing gem to show it caused no harm. “It looks like magic. Maybe Strange could have a look and advise us on a cure.”
Tony did his best to hold him off and stay out of the way. But it was unbelievably hard to fight someone you weren’t actively trying to kill. He tried to escape. He wanted to help Steve. But the assassin kept getting in the way.
“Wait,” Wanda said, interrupting them. “You never said anything about the human race. And why are you trying to recruit him? Our mission is to destroy the Starks and bring an end to the Iron Age. We were supposed to stop the war and oppression, make the world a better place.”
Tony raised his brows, surprised by the revelation. He’d often heard about Valorian tendencies, how men of war tended to live each day like they were the last. “I didn’t think. I mean. I heard. Don’t you all…” he stammered, before trailing off in embarrassment.
Wings spread out by his sides, Tony leaned his head back and willed his muscles to relax, and slowly fell backward into a dive. As he plunged, he kept a lookout for the canopy of the Wanderer’s Woods, and zoomed in on a clearing where he would land.
Tony tried to remember the last time his father looked at him the way he was looking at the captain. Howard’s shining eyes when he made his first circuit board and his first engine. Dad's bright smile after he’d successfully taught Tony to use a welding iron. When Tony received an award from M.I.T for his robot design, he was in the front row applauding his achievement.
. I should have told you. I’ve had these powers for years, but never managed to change into a dragon until that day on King’s Isle.”
Peter sighed, flashing a sheepish smile. “Your father. When he saved me from those poachers, I hadn’t learnt how to change to my human form.”
The passenger nodded and looked out of the window, where they could watch the fire trucks, victorious from their battle against the raging inferno, returning to the firehouse. The sun was already beginning to set, and the sky was pink with the last of its rays. Tony couldn’t help feeling glad he’d come to Brooklyn that day in order to –
Things were coming together and falling apart. So, grabbing Bucky with his left arm and the barely-conscious Steve with his right, he flew them out of the helicarrier as it shattered to bits.
Ever since his capture, the Ten Rings had been on SHIELD’s radar. The consequent destruction of their bases led to them fleeing to the cities.
“She fought a basilisk. She was very brave,” Steve said, telling him the hard truth. “I’m so sorry, Bucky. I love you. We’re all going to be here for you. You know that, right?” he added, trying to soften the blow.
Instinctively, Tony drew his wings to cover his face and braced himself for the strike - which never came. For Steve had landed in front of him, just in time, to block the twin lightning bolts with his shield. The king's feet were firmly planted to the roof of the stack, but his arms were straining with effort to hold the shield, which was glowing even brighter with sparks flying mysteriously around it until the lightning it had absorbed reversed toward its source - Ivan’s head.
“No,” Tony said, keeping his voice level. “We - will be living in Iron Man’s attic. Also I might have hired him.”
Pietro, now also a dragon, was flying in circles around Thanos, and was still trying to rip the other rings from his claws.
They headed outside, where Steve could hurl into the distance, surprised by the ease with which it returned to his hand.
Steve brushed away the perspiration trickling down his temples, wondering if the prince liked puddles, because he was melting into one. Then, a familiar arm was around his shoulder and holding him together. He didn’t even have to look up. “Bucky,” he sighed and leaned into the touch.
“Not bad, for the end of the world,” Bucky answered, good cheer ringing in his voice. “And what about Tony?” he asked, dropping his voice to a whisper. “I'm asking for a friend.”
“Edwin likes them so you’ll just have to compromise. Three each sound fair?” she teased, before relenting at the sight of his disappointed face. “I’m kidding, dear. You can have the batch. I’ve got a slice of his favourite lemon cake. And I’m baking a new one tomorrow.”
Back on the quinjet, Tony watched with interest as Steve pulled out a ten-dollar bill and handed it to a smirking Natasha.
“There’s been a correlation between the recent explosions and the wave of people signing up for testing,” Hill explained when she noticed his confusion. “We think - the Mandarin campaign is a coverup for the incidental explosions of
Anxious minutes stretched into hours, and despite their best hopes, Tony showed no signs of waking. It was only after an interminable wait, when it became clear that he wasn’t going to, that Lord Strange made a short statement to confirm their worst fears.
“Devastatingly beautiful,” Bucky repeated dreamily and placed a hand over his shoulder, right where Nat's hand had been.
He spent the rest of the evening trying to do just that, but hours of stargazing made his eyes bleary with fatigue.
“Mark VII. It’s almost done. I’m just exploring the option of having the suit envelop my- his body spontaneously by way of magnetism. I could have it attach to an accessory, something he could wear, preferably all the time.”
As the room darkened, the image of a magnificent dragon appeared in front of them, suspended over the dining table, right between the teapot and the bowl of fresh fruit.
In this arrangement, Thanos could barely move, but neither could they, which left a grim-faced Steve the only one advancing on the emperor with his sword raised high.
There wasn’t anything wrong with being a moon. The moon never attacked, keeping only to its course. Yet, it held an invisible and profound sway over others. No other body could pull an ocean from shore to shore.
So finally, the birthday boy was tucked snugly into his sleeping bag, with his parents lying on either side, and that was how the three of them drifted off under the evening sky.
Tony laughed as Steve’s arms closed around him. “Don’t,” he said, twisting out of the embrace. “I can barely breathe.”
Tiny specks emerged from the high gates and rapidly enlarged into roaring dragons and screeching bats. And in the midst of all that chaos – the Black Order.
Tony shifted forward in his seat, curious. “For the record, I didn’t write it. What did it say about me?”
“I really wish you hadn’t kept me in the dark,” Steve said. “But then again, I guess I should have known. You and the dragon. Tyranaksthon and you. How could I have been so blind?”
Odin stared dispassionately into Loki’s horror filled red eyes, not bothered by the tears streaming from them. It had been many years since he had felt the stirring of his loins and he wanted to enjoy every depraved part of fucking his former son.   Perhaps he would insist that the bitch needed to spend a few days with him every so often, especially as Thor wanted each pregnancy to go swiftly.  He forced his cock deep into the whore’s throat so that not a drop of his cum escaped, after withdrawing he cleaned his cock on her tear-soaked cheeks.
Did you think l was gong to fuck you Natty? You’re not human so are of no interest to me, that’s what l have Pep for.  You are an animal and fit only for the hounds.  The Professor might fuck your dirty cunt as a punishment but as of now you are the hounds breeding bitch. Down on you hands and knees, l never want to see you standing in my presence.”
“Dr Banner I want you to make her tits bigger but not obscene, you can do that to Darcy, I want hers to be the size of watermelons with cow teats.  BB’s butt cheeks need a bit of padding but other than that I want her skinny.”
“Aww sweetie, there is no need to be embarrassed or ashamed, Dr Gottlieb is only stating the truth.  I am going to be the best Daddy in the world for you. There will be no more, nasty grown up problems for you to worry your pretty head about, you can have workshop time for if you are a good boy. You can make new toys for Stark Industries Ms Potts will impressed and happy with how well you are behaving, which will mean she can run the Company without worrying about bad press and lowering stock figures caused by your reckless and irresponsible behaviour.”
“That’s right doll, if you want our Alpha cocks then you need prove to us that you deserve that honour.”
Tony stared at the walls of his cell, looking for any sign of an exit, unfortunately he could find no seam in the padded walls or the floor which was also covered in the same heavy padding.  Even if he could have there would have been little he could do with the way his hands had been cuffed to the sides of the thick bands of metal encircling each thigh.  There were similar bands round his ankles with a short spreader bar attached between the cuffs, restricting his movements to an awkward unbalanced shuffle.
I will contact the task force when the first omegas start to arrive at the staging point, having to give them new photo identities will give you the means to decide on which ones to cut loose for pick up later and which ones you want to arrange to be collected for special treatment.”
Steve could not believe his eyes when he saw the text, somehow his Bucky was alive and had found his way to Avengers Tower and saved Tony from the Winter Soldier. Fortunately, the mission was over and he was on his way back after having dropped the others off at the heli-carrier for medical attention.   He had informed Fury that the debrief could wait, he had a desperate pregnant omega to feed and fuck.
Cock hard and throbbing he threw the flogger to the floor unhooked the cuffs and pushed Tony down onto his knees. Releasing his cock he hooked his fingers into his Omega’s mouth pulling it wide open and thrust his cock deep down Tony’s throat. He could feel Tony struggling to breathe his throat contracting around his thick long cock massaging it, making it grow harder thicker and longer.
"Well dear, you are fully dilated so you should soon feel the urge to push. It is not going to be easy as your channel is still quite tight due to them pups wanting to greet the world early, so you have missed out on two weeks of stretching.”
Grabbing hold of Betty he pressed her face up against the glass of the viewing room, sheathing his cock in her cunt.
Tony had been quiet the whole time, kneeling naked by his Alphas.  He was shocked by Bruce and Hulk’s separation and a little jealous the Hulk had his own omega who got to experience the whole length and girth of Hulk’s considerable member.
The branding on the other hand had been fast and precise but in no way painless.  Tony had screamed in agony and shock when the searing heat of the brand pressed into his tender skin, his stomach roiling at the smell of burning flesh.
He smiled when moments later his omega slowly parted his thighs, allowing his hard cock to slip between them and nestle against his pussy lips.  He made sure to massage Tony’s neck to keep him relaxed before he began to quicken his pace, his cock sipping easily along Tony’s wet sex.
All nice and smooth for the lacy panties you are going to wear for us, then again you will look so pretty with your little cock peaking over the top with it’s thick diamond ring sparkling in a nest of lace.
It was just too cute the way Tony’s little hands thumped against hit chest as his legs drummed weakly against his legs.  He could resist pulling him up and kissing him until those small hands clung to his neck as his bowed legs circled his waist.
Pepper walked in, head held high, eyes only on Steve, she wasn’t going to show any of these arseholes how nervous she really was.  She would get through this with grace and poise, show everyone that she deserved her position and could adapt for the good of the Company.
You have really disappointed me; I am going to take some time to decide what punishment is needed.  I will leave you alone for the next 24 hours, give you time to think and decide how you are going to apologise.”
Ok all done, into the bath, would you like me to wash your hair, yes, right now lean back so the shampoo does not get in your eyes.  There we go you have been so brave, why don’t you use the sponge to clean yourself whilst l get you some comfortable clothes.”
Still furious he tossed Tony onto the bed after ripping off the makeshift gag, grabbing his hips to raise his boy’s asshole in line with his engorged cock. Uncaring he rammed his cock into Tony’s wet hole, forcing his girth passed the tight ring. With a bruising grip he battered his hole until his knot caught and Tony was limp beneath him.  The edge taken off his anger he paced round the suite, smacking Tony’s red asshole if he dared to make a sound or move his dangling limbs as he hung off his knot.
