But he was very smart. Very, unusually smart. “You have your father’s eyes,” his mother said often, as many mothers did, but she meant: he
The third person they find, the fifth murderer they’ve stopped, John has to strangle. Sherlock had shot at him but only hit the leg. He leaves for the strangulation. John does not blame him. It is much harder this way, up close. Sherlock does watch their next kill, forces himself to, the time they’re escaping from a warehouse and John only has a hammer. Sherlock’s knuckles are white. John knows he is watching because he feels he is morally obligated to. John doesn’t feel much about it at all.
John slams the lid shut and decides to read a damn book already. It bothers him that this is bothering him so much.
Then he knew what it was. What he’d seen in Sherlock, and his mother; the same restlessness that Jack had, that same itch to escape gravity...
romantic dramas to pay attention to?” Sherlock tossed his phone down on the table in frustration. “Isn’t this what your bloody telly’s for?”
In the lack of touch, in the dreadful absence, Sherlock is cold. He wonders if he can’t somehow convince them to...convince…John to…
He called in Donovan and they made a game of it; she was brilliant at it, way smarter than Sherlock gave her credit for because he’s too busy shouting things to hear her think. She came up with the narrative. He supplied the characters (he’s always liked that, coming up with people) and they both decided on the weapon of choice. They declared
John was clearly feeling sympathetic, and drummed his fingers on the table and said, “If we’re sharing family secrets, I have one of my own.”
John would get this slow deep smile reaching out of his heart, sneaking onto his face and grinning like a new sun.
Sherlock. John had the hardest time placing it, thinking about it all night, over dinner as he politely answered questions and watched Sherlock v. Mycroft, Grudgematch Round Countless Times. Something in them both that seemed weightless, like they both might fly off at any moment, like they were waiting for a soundless call to whisk them away.
He had the momentary enjoyment of watching Sherlock blink owlishly. Maybe this was the first time that Sherlock realized he did, in fact, have other friends. Maybe Sherlock honestly had a mental tally of ‘people who keep talking about the consulting detective and his doctor’ and it was so many it
, which he couldn’t translate, so he attempted a different track, now smoothing down his hair. “Mary saw it instantly. Far quicker than I did, even, much less you. This is all for the better, as we’d all be unhappy not being in the right arrangement and we can’t unfeel what has already occurred. This is the pain of the bandage removal and nothing more.”
“I’m sorry,” he said simply. “I am so, so sorry. I felt... I still feel it was necessary. And that I did the correct thing. But I’m sorry for what it did to you.”
“But you’re incorrect in assuming this has nothing to do with the child. In fact, John keeps preventing me from any action in consideration of her.”
When John was young Jack would take him to the library sometimes, but instead of getting a book he’d just tell him stories. Real honest adventures. Jack’s favorite stories were about the Doctor, this man who helped everyone, who saved the universe and travelled magically around.
“Do you think,” John started slowly. “Do you think we – at the hospital, you said – do we need to talk, Sherlock?”
He thought of Sherlock laid out on the couch, a dream he’d had so often in the last three years as unattainable, a dream he’d had so often in the last few months as maddening, a dream finally fulfilled.
lying. It was bad form, and unethical, and really very confusing. But if you start with a lie you can only build from there; he made polite evasions, played Sherlock’s essoiner, said he’d been in touch. And John hadn’t. He hadn’t called Sherlock once, because... well, because it was still too hard, and he couldn’t talk to Sherlock because Sherlock would immediately deduce that fact, and...
This topic does not come back up for day after day. John assumes this means it is settled. John assumes this means that everything is settled and that, whatever Sherlock feels for him, it is not quite the same. That’s fine, John tells himself. It’ll be fine.
“‘Doesn’t want to be a husband and father’?” Harry quoted innocently, popping a lime slice between her teeth.
John was slumped down, a visible weight hanging from his shoulders, a look of anguish and bitter self-resentment. Sherlock felt the instant pull to stand up, to hold him, to protect him from some enemy. He imagined himself standing between them, kissing John, his back to Mary. And how much worse that would make it. And the truth that he wanted no one to point out, the truth that John’s enemy here was himself, was also, in some ways, Sherlock. Not, as much was it was ethically simpler, to castigate Mary as some interloper or as some sacrificial angel that would have rescued John and now retreat.
Jack had been so pleased, but when John had mentioned Sherlock’s name, he’d paused and said, “Really?” and then, “No, no, of course not, that’s silly!” and laughed.
But it is online that he does some research on the topic. The internet has catalogued sexuality in fascinatingly precise and disturbingly comprehensive ways. He considers the vocabulary, and has come to these conclusions:
Sherlock grimaced at Lestrade, as if this was the most ridiculous thing he’d ever heard. He was secretly clutching his phone in his pocket. His other hand was secretly twitching in its pocket. He hadn’t slept in fifty-three hours. He kept playing tough.
This change in him, she didn’t understand. They fumbled for words together, out of step, out of tune. When Mary left to get the groceries for dinner, hefting herself up with her palms pressed against the table, John wiped the table off a third time, and took different mugs down. He had a crease between his eyes that seemed permanent. Mary had joked, gently, because it looked like he was preparing for the Queen, if they needed the china, or candles. And John had barked no, seriously, strongly, before instantly apologizing and offering to draw her a hot bath. Mary politely declined and insisted on going for their ingredients. Sorry for driving you ‘round the bend, John had said, the self-deprecating eliminating the last of his brief snap, and she’d patted his hand and smiled at him and grabbed her purse.
. John first read this book in fourth grade, from a library sale where he’d gotten it for 50p. He’d fallen in love with it. Just smashingly besotted, reading it over and over, until the words became a sort of trance he slid through because he already knew them so well. He couldn’t say at the time, or now, why he liked it so much, and his fondness for it now is almost entirely nostalgic, but there it is: for awhile, that book was everything. He feels a pang for his old copy, the one with the blue-sleek ship gliding by pink, waving arms reaching out of a terrible depth, the one that smelled like soft dirt and was growing yellow by the time he found it. This copy is hardback, stiff, thick creamy paper with ruffled edges.
Lestrade had seen Sherlock cry before, for cases. His eyes would fill and his chin quiver and he would look just awful. This was different. His face was blank. There was a pulse in his neck beating. He looked more miserable than anyone with an expression possibly could.
Sherlock stared at him for a long moment. And then gathered the note and his phone, his scarf and gloves and coat, pulled back on his impenetrable layers and left Lestrade there.
There is, instead, something complicated happening. Up until the moment, there was nothing, a smooth roll of persuasion and material-gathering and instructions and John rolling his eyes at the instructions. Sherlock sat down and leaned forward and braced for the cold gel and then…
“I think Sherlock could love someone without being attracted to them,” she whispers back. She is whispering even though Sherlock is in the hallway, texting. This is probably wise.
He came back. Sure. He came back. A bit off, a bit worn out, a bit strung and wired and thin and bloodied, a bit more pushed back into his skull like someone had pressed his eyeballs in. All rough edges again, the careful erosion John had patiently applied cracked through or abandoned (he wasn’t sure which). But Sherlock came back. Sherlock Holmes returned from the dead, and that should have been enough for John; it certainly was for Sherlock, who just knocked on his door one day with his nervous fake-smile stretched wide and wondering if John wanted to come with him on a new case, a famous card-player had been shot and –
“Whenever people asked me, ‘why?’ I said, ‘because he’s the best.’ And now I’m not so sure that’s true.”
When he was born his parents drowned him in kisses, and both agreed that he was just the most perfect baby ever, and so beautiful, and so smart, and that they loved him more than anything, but that he just couldn’t stay with them. It is too dangerous, his mother said, and his father had a pained expression on his face, and later it would make them both cry. But in the moment, they drew up a list of names, and rocked him, and made a decision, and packed him a few very special things.
The evidence she had was that Sherlock was incredibly intelligent, that he used those skills in ways the world hadn’t seen before, to the degree he was capable of, that he didn’t care about being nice, that he was willing and able to act nice, and that he was willing of a deeper level of psychological manipulation that was breathtakingly masterly, only, he hadn’t tried hard because he didn’t assume much of her, which meant his earlier statement of having heard so much about her already was a lie.
“No,” says John. “Come on, we need to do this properly.” He stands and Sherlock immediately rises, follows him. John gestures him and has him kneel, lean against the bath edge, head held over the tub. He arranges Sherlock’s hands in back again. Sherlock closes his eyes, because there is no new visual input and so he’ll get more information paying attention to his other senses, and because John has taken something out of his pocket that whispers like silk, that
of it, John), and his own ephemera: the book he’d read, the worms he’d found in someone’s foot, the long line at the coffee shop. He tried to update Sherlock on the last three years of history (that was two Doctors ago! Yes, this is
He wasn’t going to give up on Sherlock. They would stay friends. He would listen and gasp in amazement and laugh at all of Sherlock’s stories, and go with him on the cases he could, the ones where Sherlock actually needed him (or actually wanted his companionship). He just wouldn’t be Sherlock’s John anymore.
“And I don’t want to be with someone,” she said, “who is in love with someone else. Because nothing we can ever do will change that. And I don’t want it. I don’t want
There was a trick to their layout, in that it was impressively easy to eavesdrop on the front door from their stairs. Mary didn’t mean to, it was just, when she saw the mysterious Sherlock at the door she’d paused, to take him in, and then she saw the way he smiled at John, at her John, like John was
“Can you love someone without being attracted to them?” This question is directed at the next person who will listen. That happens to be Molly, as they check in on the hanged corpse of the stepfather.
“And that’s the last I’m going to say about this,” Lestrade said, signaling for another drink. “Let’s pretend this never happened and talk about the weather.”
“Is this the right way?” he asks, breaking it off, quickly, far too soon, John almost stumbling after. John says, “Yes. I’ll show you.” and Sherlock says “I’ll quit.” and John says “Good.” and Sherlock says “I think I love you too. This is that? Yes?” and John says “Yes.” and he can be sure enough for both of them, but he doesn’t have to be.
skull, and they’d both see it and laugh, and John would say, “hurry, hurry,” and she’d feel it and know something.
“I’m adopted,” Sherlock told John, after Mycroft sent some annoyingly intrusive flowers and a threatening letter to go meet Mummy for lunch.
John looked like he was going to have one of their ‘the world does not conform itself to your desires’
That was what he did, and he was good at it. Hadn’t he managed in worse situations - more dangerous, if not more extreme - and not just managed but performed with excellence, staunched blood and torn back lives, far beyond the minute he thought his own life was a fragile gust of wind away from gone? If he could survive a real war, and a private one, surely he could have one simple conversation with his wife.
to be killed, and a few… a few more that were, out of self-defense or…. Just a few. Most were shot. It is the easiest, cleanest way. It is what John prefers. Other times he must create his own ingenious methods. Some were simple. Some were frantically close to their own death. John forgets what country they are in. Sherlock runs out of languages he understands. When they are not directly on the chase they sleep, a lot, all day and all night, and other times Sherlock cannot sleep no matter what he does and sometimes, after several empty nights, Sherlock will run the shower so he can cry bitterly in private.
John’s hands clenched and he didn’t turn from the window. “I suppose that’s her name now officially. We were still considering them. I liked Rose - that’s Mary’s middle name. Madeline is from her favorite childhood book.”
“Well, three insights. Freebie: you’re feeling very shocked right now so don’t take your mopetastic sudden insights as something important, okay, once the deep emotional waters of John Watson settle you’ll know what’s right for you.
He chuckled at that, lowly, as if there was a joke only he knew. “Still. You should know everything before you commit yourself to me.”
be on telly. Whatever: he’d gotten Sherlock’s attention, and he was now leaning forward on the cheap wood, alert, listening.
“Why?” His eyes are darting around John’s face, seeking information, drawing potential conclusions, but John decides to answer for him.
John is thinking this as he’s shaving in the mirror. Sherlock walks in and strips, quickly, without saying a word, before jumping into the shower, spraying cold water on himself without shutting the curtain or waiting for it to warm. “Acid,” he says. “Avoid the kitchen.”
It was easy to let him go. Once he was alone Sherlock stretched out on the sofa and hummed happily and smiled.
. “That is much harder to date,” he said finally. “Perhaps since we first faced Moriarity. Perhaps since the day we met.”
“Okay, brother. If it’s my support you want, you have it. I’m a happy aunt whatever happens. And I’m a happy sister as long as you’re happy. But I want you to ask yourself about
“It would be helpful, logistically. We’re going to be spending our lives together. We may as well do so formally.”
John smiled sadly. Sherlock talked into his shoulder. It seemed too much, otherwise. He looked at the cables and how perfectly they crossed the seam. He realized this jumper must be homemade and, judging by the color, by Mrs. Hudson. And it pained him to know that he did not already know this, that this and so much had happened while he was gone, that they had lost three years...
Sherlock’s cloudy brooding could have now supplied the yearly rainfall for the entire northern region. “If there’s no case I’ll go.”
“You idiot,” he said, “you fantastic bloody man, you...Yes, of course I’m still in love with you, I never stopped and it scares me how much I still need you.”
This response began a ferocious debate. Sherlock was tenacious when necessary, and especially when completely unnecessary, but John wasn't the type to give up.
The hot water sinks into his hair. John lets it rinse first, rinse and rinse, and then must turn the water up and now it borders on the too-hot that is pleasure and the too-hot that is pain. His hands return to Sherlock’s hair, pulling from roots. Water splatters down. John shapes and tugs, shaking the red out, and it’s harsh, it almost hurts, but the pain has tightened something in Sherlock and he leans into it. His skin tingles and when John says, “lean back” or, “to the right,” he instantly obeys, shows off by guessing where John needs him next, listens perfectly. John’s hands are on him and when he lightly brushes Sherlock’s neck Sherlock moans.
So Sherlock gazes back at him and does not move. He does not move in a stillness that is perfection. A careful not moving, a stillness that
Sherlock looked him in the eye. It felt like a sharp pin and Lestrade leaned back into his chair unwillingly.
“I had to pick up the pieces. I mean, someone did, or I don’t think he’d be here to see your return.”
, of course, but also Sherlock wanted him to be honest, even if it hurt. He didn’t have to think of the perfect words, or make excuses, or worry constantly. John was genuinely a nice man (and he held on to that when all else failed him) and nice men, as a rule, care about what others need but it’s so much
“This is not -” John did step back. He stepped back and looked up at Sherlock. His voice was thick. “This is not being friends. This is - I don’t know that I can do that, Sherlock. Being here. Being with you and not... it’s just too hard.”
But Sherlock was right. He deserved to know what John was. Who Uncle Jack was. He hadn’t told him because... well, because it would change everything, wouldn’t it, Sherlock’s entire knowledge of the universe. And because he wasn’t supposed to tell anyone. And because John wondered, when he watched Sherlock staring at the stars, looking at the ripples of movement and accident and purpose in the world, if he wouldn’t lose Sherlock to the big, beautiful new place out there.
“I’m seeing exactly when we can see him. I know it’s very soon, I’ve been getting this arranged for it.” He said
So they tried. Again. They moved into the same flat and had the same adventures and Sherlock had the same annoying habits and played the same beautiful songs and John read the same books and made the same tea and nothing was the same.
Sherlock grabbed him and pulled him up and it was John who started the kiss, who pulled Sherlock into him with a moan. And everything became this, this heat, this smooth slide, the slow entanglement, Sherlock pushing him back against the chair, John sliding his hands under Sherlock’s shirt and he gasped and it was that familiar noise that seemed to snap John back.
“Stop worrying,” he commanded him. “We have everything we need now. I can become an expert in parenting within a few weeks,  I already know all the strong research is in cognitive development. Does she have a particular theorist she favors?”
“No,” he said very seriously. “I’m not going to be working with him. That was - that’s all in the past. It doesn’t fit anywhere into our life now.”
“Yeah I told my counselor about you and she said you had the biggest damn case of codependency she’d ever heard of.”
John cleared his throat and licked his dry lips. Something that Sherlock saw him do when he was daydreaming. But now it was more likely that John was just tired. After all, he had a toddler to take care of.
Sherlock said as he opened a door. I slipped past him, into a small store, barely big enough to fit five people at once. The detective had to duck down to fit in the room. I looked at him, ready to ask if he was serious because this definitely did not seem like a real chemist. An elderly woman came out before I could ask and gave Sherlock a hug.
He didn’t close the door fully and went back to the living room. He checked the baby monitor there as well, making sure it was on and Rosie was still safe. It was irrational to think that something could have happened to her within those mere seconds of him walking to the living room, but recently he had found himself being less and less rational when it came to Rosie.
“It’s okay, it was just a nightmare. It was just your PTSD. You’re here with us, me and Rosie at 221b Baker Street.” Sherlock tried his best to talk calmly, even though his breath had picked up its pace simply by being so close to John.
This time he didn't even try to hide the quivering in his voice as he rolled his sleeve back down. I didn't know what to say. I didn't know how to react.
Sherlock carried her to John’s bedroom, put her down in her crib and turned on the baby monitor next to it. He stayed in the bedroom for a few minutes, watching Rosie sleep. Even now already, she had a lot of similarities with her father. Obviously. Sherlock could see the bone structure evolving into the typical Watson feature. He could see her eyes with the same passionate sea blue as her father. Even her laugh sounded like John’s at times.
"You didn't commit suicide, you bloody faked it." I gritted my teeth angrily and stood up to avoid being looked down on.
"Let me see them. They need to be handled properly." He sounded soft now. Not as demanding anymore. Just understanding.
Another sob left his lips, accompanied by a cry of shame and anger. The doctor bit his lower lip and cleared his throat.
“Out.” Sherlock eyed the microscope, to investigate more tobacco ash. It’s nothing he hadn’t seen before. He just couldn’t bear to look at John right now. He didn’t know why; he had never been good at understanding his own emotions. He just knew he did not want to see whatever awaited him in the ocean that was John’s eyes.
on the violin. His legs seemed to be out of his control, and he danced through the living room. He had every detail of the flat in his mind palace of course. He knew exactly how to move, even with his eyes closed. So, he danced and played. He moved effortlessly, his robe following his every step, creasing around his body when he changed direction. Up on the table, down to the floor, up on the armchair, back on the floor. His mind kept wandering to John as his music grew faster but more intimate, both themes still merging together but effortlessly and smooth, as if they were meant to be together. Every worry about Mycroft’s words seemed to have left Sherlock’s thoughts. It was as if the only matter in his mind was one thing. To tell John how much he meant to him.
I asked softly and quietly, though it was more of a statement than a question. I didn't get an answer. I didn't expect one. And to be honest, I didn't need one.
Sherlock, for once in his life, didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know what to do. All he could do was stare at the man weeping in front of him.
Before Sherlock could even open his mouth to say anything, anything at all, a loud cry disrupted the heavy silence. Rosie was shouting for her daddy.
“How…How could I-“ John couldn’t bear to finish that sentence. Sherlock couldn’t bear to hear the end of that sentence. But he knew what it was going to be. Of course, he did. He was still Sherlock Holmes after all.
"You know what. You're Sherlock Holmes, you probably knew that I wanted to take my own life two seconds after running me down."
Without thinking, without rationalising Sherlock went over to him and sat down on the bed, facing him.
time. The time when John told him to not pass your chance at love because one day it might me too late. Of course, John thought he was talking about Irene Adler, The Woman. But now, in this moment, Sherlock realised that while John may have meant Irene Adler, she was never the one that crossed his mind when John was talking.
John wanted to look away. He wanted to throw the phone away and not listen to the words that were about to reach his ear. He wanted to run faster than ever before and not stop until he reached the rooftop and pulled Sherlock off the ledge. But no matter how hard he tried, how hard he fought, he could not move, and Sherlock’s voice penetrated his ears.
"It's a funny expression. Once you've taken it, it's not you who will miss it. Your death is something that happens to everybody else." He paused and stood still in front of me, looking down at me.
I stopped walking and once again the detective stood in front of me, looking down at me, expecting an answer.
"Well, everything I thought I knew about you, Mr. Holmes, you have proven wrong tonight." I replied just as quietly, with barely more than a whisper.
But the urge to do so just grew stronger. He wanted to look at him. He needed to look at him. As if to make sure Sherlock was still there and hadn’t left. In what ever way John could imagine. John blinked his eyes, causing more tears to drop down, leaving a darkened spot on his jumper as he looked up slowly.
Maybe the high-functioning sociopath wasn’t so ice-cold after all. Maybe he wasn’t a sociopath at all. Maybe he was just Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock Holmes who wanted to be with John Watson.
"I know." Of course he knew, he's Sherlock Holmes. "The owner owes me a favour, don't worry about it."
Yet, he couldn’t help himself but always come back to him. Whatever he did, whatever choices he made, he always seemed to end up here. 221b Baker Street, together with Sherlock Holmes. John had found that even just being in Sherlock’s present gives him the adrenaline kick he longed for. When he was with Sherlock everything else around him seemed to fade away and it was just the two of them against the rest of the world.
"Someone will. Someone does. Believe me, someone always cares. Years ago I would have agreed with you but then I met John. My best friend. And he made me realize that everyone, no matter what, deserves to be cared for. Trust me. People care about you. Sometimes they just don't say it."
All those times he beat Sherlock up out of anger and frustration, after he came back from the dead, after Mary’s death in the morgue, even when Sherlock asked to be punched, he never thought about the damage he made. Or added to already existing one. He was a doctor, he should have known better. And yet, he took everything out on him. Because he was angry and frustrated.
“And... thanks for this,” he took the cup, downing it in one gulp, and made an appropriately disgusted face of somebody who just drank a cup of cold coffee with all the sugar at the bottom.
Sherlock emerged from the shower and went to search for clean clothes. He opened the wardrobe and had to chuckle. In the flat that was almost completely void of furniture but stuffed with things vital for his experiments, some of which were maybe developing their own political system already, was a wardrobe full of bespoke clothes, freshly cleaned and pressed. It was the only condition his mother managed to enforce on him when he moved to London. He had to represent the family, therefore it was not possible to dress like a vagrant. She got him an open account at one of London’s most established tailors. He would lie to himself if he denied he liked how good his slim frame looked in tailored suits. And he sure loved his Belstaff coat more than was healthy.
“Yes, you said something you shouldn’t have but Molly told me that he was quite harsh with you. Seems that our detective saw you as a rival. I kinda don’t blame him. So, as much as you shouldn’t have said this, I understand why you did it.”
“Listen, genius, Molly told me about you. This,” he gestured to the woman body lying on the table, “is our new case. True locked room mystery. I’ll tell you what we know and you can show what’s in you, deal?”
Sherlock made a noncommittal noise and closed his eyes. John did so as well. They had been lying like that for about half an hour and John was slowly drifting to sleep when Sherlock spoke.
“...it entertains me but I think I’ll quit. It’s not like those,” she gestured to the wall of freezers, “can be bothered, can they? And I’m not Abby from NCIS anyway.”
He entered the library, picked up his books but when he went to his seat, he found it occupied. Also, the seat opposite was occupied.
Sherlock sat and the librarian handed him the books. The sleeve of his shirt moved up and there was a suntan line visible.
It had been raining cats and dogs all day and while every proper Londoner was accustomed to this kind of weather, John was very annoyed by everyone dragging their wet umbrellas into the library. It meant he had to stay overtime to wipe the floor, because
“Oh,” Sherlock made an utterly adorable face of sudden understanding and nodded. “I guess I was in my mind palace.”
Water again. The pressure on his chest is heavy, his lungs are burning. He suddenly knows with certainty that they aren’t going to let him up. Cold fear runs rapidly through his limbs, makes them rigid. He is never going to see his parents again. Mycroft. Redbeard. Do they also think he is a freak? Has he hurt them? He surely has. He sees dark spots. His body ceases obeying him.
Sherlock loitered in front of the library. Now that he was actually here he didn’t want to go in. He remembered the libraries from his childhood. There was one in their village, governed by an annoying old lady who prevented him from visiting the adult section and refusing to lend him the medical textbooks he found so fascinating. No wonder, he was five, but he still felt resentful all those years later.
You could barely recognize his voice anymore. It was so soft, so true and yet so full of hurt. I couldn't stop looking at him. And the more I looked, the more hurt I saw. The way his eyebrows wrinkled, his fingertips were shaking, his hair fell into his face... The way his eyes reflected the light just a bit too much, ironically glossy and matte at the same time. Glossy from held back tears, matte from pain and heartache.
"Oh Sherlock, what are you doing here? I thought you were clean." She sounded caring and glared into Sherlock's eyes. Now, in the artificial lightning I could see they were reddened. But it wasn't the kind of redness that was caused by drugs or alcohol. It was the kind left by a broken heart.
I looked over at him, he was still in the same thoughtful positon as before, but looking back at me.
"Don't worry about me, I'm clean. But my friend here needs a bit of help. Do you have sterile bandages and disinfectants, maybe a bit of cream?"
John was already downstairs at the door before he made a U-turn and came back upstairs. He cleared his throat, not wanting to - or not daring to - say Sherlock’s name out. Sherlock looked up, hoping to meet John’s eyes, but he was looking at the ground and then pointed in the direction of his bedroom.
His dark, wet curls stuck to his forehead as he gasped for air, breathing in a few drops of water, as well as salty tears. The detective coughed and took deep breaths, after having turned off the water. Sherlock didn’t know what was going on with him. He didn’t know why he was crying. Or maybe he knew and just didn’t want to admit it.
He liked looking into Johns eyes. They were different than those of others. Mrs. Hudson’s, Mycroft’s, Lestrade’s and even Molly’s eyes all looked the same to him. Dull and ordinary. But John’s eyes were different. There was something calming about them. Perhaps it was the fact that they weren’t monotone and boring, but colourful and exciting, like the man himself. Sometimes Sherlock caught himself staring into the doctor’s eyes. He mostly played it off as “deducing”, maybe he even believed it. Maybe he did not want to admit that he just liked looking at them.
With his hands shaking he took off his jacket and started rolling up the sleeves of his shirt on both sides. John had stepped closer by now, his hand grabbing the cup of hot tea tightly, not even by the handle of the cup. The tea was still steaming, and the ceramic was in no means cold enough for it to not hurt. Perhaps John didn’t feel it. Or maybe he did feel it and simply did not care, like with the water earlier. His knuckles had turned white. It was a surprise that the mug did not break right then and there in his hand under all the pressure.
“The drawer in your bedroom is empty, then?” Sherlock was the first to talk after what felt like forever but was merely a matter of a few seconds. It seemed as if him talking pulled John out of a world far away.
"You're right handed. You caught yourself with your right hand, not your left. Aside from that, I can smell iron, blood. You did not hurt it from the fall, which again, I am sorry about. So what is it?"
And he owed Sherlock so much, so goddamn much. He was so alone, before he met the detective. Sherlock not only changed his life but saved it. And he had fallen for the man every day a little more. And when he saw the scars today, he crashed hard.
“Where were you?” John slowly went around the table and took the kettle off the stove. It had begun to whistle louder at that point.
At one point, Sherlock was looking out of the window, watching the raindrops run down the window as he continued playing. He stopped once in a while to write down notes and then went on. After an hour of playing, even though it felt like mere minutes, the detective realised that Rosie has been suspiciously quiet for a while. He stopped playing abruptly and turned to the toddler’s playing spot. There she was sound asleep.
I found it funny how he used the phrase "you people". As if he wasn't one of us. As if he wasn't ordinary. But then again... He wasn't ordinary at all, was he?
“John, are you alright?” Sherlock’s voice was shaking as his eyes looked for his roommate in the dark.
And then there it was, the beloved adrenaline. With everything he had, with every bit of air he had in his lungs he screamed as loud as possible, hoping it would somehow make everything stop.
He sat down next to me and looked at me, as if he were waiting for something. His eyes glanced down to my arm. Out of reflex I pulled my arm closer to my body. I knew he wanted to see the wounds so he could take care of them, for whatever reason. But I don't want him to see them. I don't want anyone to see. I scooted around in my seat uncomfortably. Doing so made me painfully aware of the packaging in my back pocket.
It wasn’t until he heard a familiar scream coming from John’s bedroom, that he almost jumped out of his own skin.
He didn't say anything though, just looked past me now, as if he forgot I was there. There definitely was something on his mind. But there are about a billion other things on mine as well and I needed to leave. The pain in my forearm grew stronger, I could feel it heat up, blood sinking into the fabric of my long-sleeved shirt. I dug my hand deeper around my arm, trying to cover up the blood spots. Thankfully, it was dark, so it wasn't that hard to cover up. I had gone a few steps before hearing the now familiar baritone right next to me, which made me jump a bit.
He glanced at Rosie who had abandoned her toys by now and instead was watching Sherlock intently. Sherlock had played a lot of times for Rosie; in fact, he had learned a range of lullabies for children to serenade her to sleep. And sometimes he would have her listen to his newly composed music. And Rosie would always listen intently, adoring the music. She had a lot of her father in her.
The stairs creaked in their familiar octaves as Sherlock went upstairs, making sure to not be too loud as Rosie and John were most likely still asleep. Once he reached the living room, he took off his coat and scarf. He stepped into the kitchen to take a look at one of his experiments, was however distracted by a whistling noise. High pitched but barely noticeable if you were to have a conversation. The tea kettle.
He tried to put as much happiness into his voice as he could gather. “Don’t worry, my dear Watson. I’m still here. Daddy just went out to the store to get you some new nappies.”
Both men just stood in front of each other. John stared at Sherlock’s lips, doubting that an apology just came from them. Sherlock stared into John’s eyes, looking for the familiar radiant glimmer amidst the explosion of blue and green tones.
The doctor’s mind was so lost in his thoughts and clouded by fatigue that he didn’t notice that Sherlock had stopped playing and was now looking at John. There was something in Sherlock’s eyes that he hadn’t seen before. It was as if John saw Sherlock do something that he didn’t want him to see. And if John had looked even closer, he would have seen the same shade of pink blush on Sherlock’s cheeks that had appeared on John’s earlier this day.
"Goodnight, Sherlock. Thank you." I whispered  quietly while looking at my bandaged arm,in disbelief of what had happened tonight.
It didn't seem like a suggestion at this point, more like a command. I didn't know what to say, and I didn't want to follow him. But something about him made me. Maybe it was the fact that he seemed just as lost as I was at the moment.
"Oh you've got to tell me what the hell happened... Bloody Sherlock Holmes, I can't believe it...." They went back upstairs, leaving the door open for me later.
“The drawer in your bedroom. The one with nappies in it. I assume it’s empty already, since you were asking to come in and get some from the extra stash in the bathroom.” Sherlock ignored the rosé blush he that had appeared on John’s cheeks. The doctor’s eyes were still fixated on Sherlock’s lips.
The detective looked down on his own hands and this time it was him who breathed in relief. All the scars on both of his arms were faded, no fresh ones.
Sherlock managed to look into John’s eyes. This time the sea of blue was infuriated. A storm had arisen, and Sherlock wasn’t so sure if it was possible to tame that one. Certainly not for him. How could he ever sooth the raging storm that lay in John Watson’s eyes?
With an exhausted sigh Sherlock took of his coat and pushed back the sleeves of his suit and shirt, revealing his bare skin. Unlike his face, his arm was nowhere near clear and smooth. It was full of scars, little dots everywhere. Scars caused by a needle.
“How could I have done this to you?” John managed to get out an entire sentence, but so quiet Sherlock could barely hear it. Once he did hear it, he couldn’t hear anything else. That question floated around in his head, repeated itself over and over again, washing away anything else that occupied this brilliant mind. John had stopped sobbing, his hands were still covering his face.
Neither John nor Sherlock talked to each other for the rest of the morning. John only spoke up once, telling to get Sherlock to eat something. But Sherlock just let the plate full of a typical English breakfast be and sat on his chair. His violin was in his hands, but he wasn’t playing. It was merely there to hide the fact that his fingers were still shaking.
The look in his eyes seemed to say 'I won't tell anyone about your secret, if you won't tell anyone about mine.'
Both of them did dance together once, before the wedding. Sherlock thought that John’s waltzing skills were absolutely tragic and promised Mary that he would get John to not step on her feet. John felt guilty thinking about that memory. That dance, that waltz to Sherlock’s composed music, made it clear to John that what he was feeling was more than just friendship. He couldn’t look at Sherlock for three days after that. Fortunately, Sherlock didn’t really care about that, he was preoccupied with learning how to fold napkins and choosing the bridesmaids’ colour.
But then he felt John’s fingers running through his hair and one hand in the nape of his neck and it was as if John caught him once again, like so many times before.
But he didn’t have to. Because from one second to the other, the tide shifted and there was nothing but calm, calm but steady, waves in his eyes.
“Nobody could be that clever.” John could hear in Sherlock’s voice that he was trying his best not to let it break.
He was dangerous to love. He was dangerous to be around. An adrenaline junkie who beat up his best friend out of frustration. Why would Sherlock want to be around him? Sherlock deserved so much better.
After a few more minutes of watching Sherlock dance and listening to the beautiful ballade, John had to yawn. He hadn’t slept well the last few nights, especially last night. How could he sleep with a toddler in his room and Sherlock out and about? He could hardly sleep when Sherlock in the flat, but when he left last night John couldn’t keep his eyes closed for more than two seconds. He kept thinking about all the terrible things that could have happened. He kept thinking that Sherlock left to visit the drug den and shoot up again. The truth was, that he had been thinking that Sherlock relapsed for a few days now. He behaved the same way he did after The Woman supposedly died, maybe even worse. What else was he supposed to think?
Then there was silence for a few second, but all John wanted to do was scream, but he was petrified. He could see Sherlock’s hand reaching out and before he noticed it, he was doing the same, hoping he could reach him somehow.
Sherlock sighed, his eyes glance all over the room. He didn’t know why he was nervous. He had nothing to hide, really.
"Sit." Sherlock said and pointed to a park bench next to us, illuminated by a lantern. Quietly I did as I was told.
"You don't have to tell me, I already know. Sometimes it's just better to say it out loud." Sherlock said, which made me turn around. He had taken off his oh so famous coat and offered it to me. Only just now I had realised that I was shaking quite a bit. I glared down at my arm and saw that the blood had stopped pooling up in my sleeve, however the sharp pain was still a constant. Hesitantly i took his coat and quickly put it on. Sherlock had opened his mouth, ready to talk about his next deduction about me, I could tell. But I was quicker.
Even just now. Sherlock could tell how hurt John was, he could see it and he couldn’t do anything about it.
"What's wrong with your arm?" He asked, eyeing me from head to toe. I knew who he was, what he did when he looked at people, trying to deduce every possible detail he could about me. Usually I don't like being looked at, being aware of people seeing me, but I didn't mind. However, he did not look at me. He seemed to be looking past me, as if he was trying to do his usual work but his mind definitely was lost somewhere else.
John was shaking but frozen in place, his eyes not moving, focused on the faded lines and spots on Sherlocks still shimmering skin.
"Because John Watson means the world to me. And he deserves better than a sociopath being there on the most important day of his life."
"What were you planning on doing tonight?" Sherlock then asks out of the blue, ripping me out of my own thoughts.
"Best Man?" I asked and shifted slightly. The pain in my arms has decreased but was still noticeable. I clenched my teeth together and walked a few steps. Sherlock nodded slowly, but I could tell he was still wondering.
And then he finally did what he wanted to do for so long. He got lost. Before his lips touched Johns, he could see a tear drop down John’s cheek and then he closed his eyes and just let it be. He felt John’s soft lips against his own. For a second, he thought he had made a mistake. For a second, he felt as though he was falling once more.
"I am his best friend." I looked at him, confused. "John. John Watson. I am his best friend." he repeated again, staring blankly in front of him down on the ground.
He picked up Rosie and took her with him back to the living room. She calmed down a bit and stopped crying. Holding her tightly to his chest, Sherlock danced around the living room. Soon her sobs turned into giggles and laughter, which made Sherlock smile as well. Rosie grabbed his locks and played with them.
I could tell that by now, it wasn't just me he was trying to convince, but himself too. He stood in front of me with red eyes, hurt and broken and yet he cared for me. He took care of my wounds when no one else would notice. I felt seen. In a warm and calm way, not the uncomfortable and paranoid way. I didn't know what to say. I just fell back onto the bench and started sobbing. This didn't seem to be the reaction Sherlock was hoping for so he just stood there helpless for a few seconds before sitting down next to me and putting a hand on my shoulder.
Not because it wasn’t true. God, no. He meant it with all of his heart. But because of Rosie and Mary. How could he do this to Mary? First, he started chatting with a random stranger from the bus while Mary was still there. Every night, when she was feeding their daughter and singing her lullabies, he was talking to someone else. Though, that woman turned out to be a psychopath who planned on killing him, the point still stands.
His deep voice comforted me and yet still made me sob. I slowly reached into my back pocket and got the tablet packaging out, handing it to him with shaking fingers. After a few more moments of quiet, the detective cleared his throat and you looked up at him. You could see the glossy trail a tear had left behind on his cheek. Quickly he wiped it away.
The sound of Johns hand knocking against the door pulled the man back into reality and he quickly turned to open the lock.
“I love you, John Watson.” Sherlock suddenly blurted out, not even aware of what he just said. But he meant it.
Sherlock was left sitting on the cold bathroom tiles. He could feel another tear running down his cheek and he caught it with his hand. He looked at the glimmering drop on his finger. Something about this reminded him of the day of his funeral years ago.
"Yes. Long story. Hey um... Can you give me a second, I'll be right in. Just leave the door open. Thank you." I said quietly and tried to turn them away from Sherlock, towards our flat.
And then, as if something inside of him exploded, John started sobbing. He could feel his knees getting weaker and weaker until they couldn’t hold the rest of his body anymore and he collapsed on the ground.
John smiled and looked up into Sherlock’s eyes, saying nothing. Instead he just leaned in and kissed Sherlock again. His fingers curling around Sherlock’s hair and his hand gently caressing his neck, almost as if he was scared of breaking him.
Once the cold water hugged his naked skin, Sherlock could feel the contrast of warm tears on his cheeks. Before Sherlock even knew what, his body was doing, his fist hit the wall. Hard enough for him to groan out in pain.
“I know that what happened in Sherrinford took a toll on you, but I thought… I thought … Never mind.” John stopped midsentence and turned around, ready to leave the kitchen.
That’s what he decided to name this piece. It was the only thing that made sense to him. The earthy smell accompanying the first rain after a long time of dry weather. Sherlock told himself that it was just about that. The weather. He didn’t want to admit that it was about him and John, the first time they met and how John changed Sherlock’s life. He didn’t want to admit that with John in his life, everything made sense and felt alive, like the earthy smell after the rain symbolises life and growth. He couldn’t admit to how much he cared for John, how much he loved John. The words of his brother were still in his head and he doubted that they’d ever leave.
Sherlock's voice got smaller. "I have never been anyone's best friend... Or friend, for that matter."
The only thing Sherlock did not enjoy about the humidity was his hair getting even curlier. John once joked and said it made him look like a
Sherlock walked quickly, perhaps it was the fact that he was taller than me, but I had to walk fast to keep up with him.
Rosie was still asleep, Sherlock must have serenaded her into a deep, deep slumber. John on the other hand sat up straight, wide awake and shaking. His eyes were dark blue, mixed with grey, an ocean in the storm.
"Impressive." He said quietly. There it was again, his voice was shaking but he tried so hard to hide it.
Once Sherlock could hear the front door fall into its lock, he stood up and grabbed his bow, a pen and a sheet of paper. He put the violin up to his chin, leaning his head in. His eyes were closed as his right hand gripped the bow softly, yet firm. Right when the strings of his bow touched the first string of the violin Rosie must have woken up, as if she had felt that her father had left the flat.
The look in Sherlock’s eyes when John asked him, yelled at him, to show him his arms, accusing him of using again, still haunted John. Whenever he closed his eyes, even just to blink, the image was right there, just waiting to punch him in the gut.
"Why do you people always think you need to apologize for something that you cannot possibly have caused." Sherlock muttered under his breath.
With his eyes on Rosie, he started playing whatever melody came to his head. The first few tones reminded him of what he had composed after Irene Adler “died”, but soon it faded into something else, something much more complex and deeper. It was as if all the words in his mind, everything he wanted to tell John on the bathroom floor earlier, turned into melodies.
For a short amount of time, my mind had been clear, distracted from my plans tonight. But seeing the hurt in the detective's eyes, no matter if I had caused it or something else, reminded me again. My left arm started shaking, still in pain. By now it felt cold, almost numb. Which was ironic, considering I could feel the wounds and cuts with every move I made.
“Were you out all night?” John’s voice sounded icy. Years ago, Sherlock would not have cared but by now he knew exactly that the ex-soldier was hurt. Maybe because of something the detective did. Probably. Sherlock did not bother to look up and into his roommate’s eyes, no matter how badly he actually wanted to.
“I don’t understand how I could have done this to you.” He started out clear but got quieter with each word until it was hardly more than a breath.
A smile. “Look, if this... if this works out somehow and... ask me this question again, okay? I’ll give you a much better answer.” The smile turned more wolfish, that slight smirk of intrigue and danger, John’s smile, and Sherlock couldn’t help but kiss him. John kissed back, briefly, and then squeezed his hands and got up for his jacket and left.
John leaned his head into Sherlock’s chest and sobbed. It was a surprising sound, and Sherlock laid his hand in John’s hair gingerly, not sure what this meant.
interesting man in a deal, who knew something about the drug trade and quite a lot about trafficking women into England. She was his quickest way to him. For the information, they’ll let her off on the possession (or so he can convince Lestrade). He was not interested in her, particularly.
They are in the living room, Sherlock stripped down to his pajama trousers, a towel draped over the back of the chair he is straddling. John is standing next to him holding a vial of purple dye, and a plastic comb, and plastic gloves, which are together going to dye his hair a fiery ginger.
He has no way of knowing without outright asking. Fortunately he knows Sherlock will remain eternally unaware of any crush on him and so they can just continue, as they are, forever. Until Sherlock finds someone or until he... doesn’t, and they’re still like they are, which is just fine.
It was very subtle, as a child, barely there; people were just fond of him, without being able to say why. He was very trustworthy. He was given free candy all the time. He was picked as the kiss-ee in playground challenges.
“I would like to talk to you about my husband,” Sherlock said, settling lightly into the parlour chair. It was John’s chair; he could tell by the way the seat was worn, and pillow arranged to brace his back, and the book abdandoned splayed open on the left arm. He watched Mary sink into the couch, hand resting on her abdomen as if she was trying to hold herself down. She was staring at him in open shock. Reconsidering her physical state, he set the water cup on the table in front of her carefully.
with a wave, gesturing to John and himself, to the ineffable existence of their relationship. “Yes. This Thursday, he’s going to show up on the museum roof.”
“Oh, of course you do. But... but children aren’t an experiment. They’re not something you can un-decide on.”
Sherlock is gay. (This was John’s first assumption, based partly on the way he was dressed but mostly because everyone who already knew Sherlock and was meeting John for the first time just assumed John was Sherlock’s boyfriend,
John falls back into a rhythm of normal. He makes tea. He wears wool jumpers and showers every other day and watches telly. He waits until he feels normal again. He doesn’t. But he also feels calm and fine and adjusted, as if there is nothing quite wrong, and one switch hadn’t been flipped back on but it was evidently unnecessary anyway.
“Yes. Yes, okay? I love you more and - and I can’t believe I’m saying this, you - I’d leave her for you. Yes. I would.” John’s throat bobbed and Sherlock knew he was pushing him far past  where John was supposed to go, but he was Sherlock, so he pushed forward. “But I can’t. I’m not going to leave my daughter.”
But Sherlock swings back in and the correction cannot be made. John’s not sure how to correct it anyway.
There is nothing much to say after that. Sherlock starts insulting his intelligence. John tells him to go fuck himself. One day he comes home and Sherlock is packing his things. Fine, John will move out first; he has less to take with him. This time, when they both leave, Mycroft does not preserve the place. Mrs. Hudson offers it to new tenants. She has not spoken to them in a few months anyway.
Sherlock was ten when he and Mycroft had their first fight. He called his mother Mummy, after a long trip and while saying goodbye, and then called Mummy by her first name. Mycroft castigated him in an obnoxiously paternal tone and told him that in no uncertain terms they shared the same Mummy.
One day, an old soldier knocks on his door, a sniper, who says he understands John, understands his loss, understands his choices, the necessity of it, the dark cold ability of it. He offers to help.
Mycroft and Mummy were closer than Sherlock and Mummy. That turned out to be all right, because Mummy and Sherlock shared something Mycroft could never understand: the journey, the longing, the brilliant sound of the TARDIS calling them home, the way the Doctor made you feel like the most important bit of cosmic dust eternity had ever smashed together.
Mike cheerily updates John on the family while they drain their lagers away. John is happy to hear it all. He eats a handful of peanuts because they’re there.
Five weeks - he would have no cases for at least four months. He brushed the back of his phone in his pocket, wondering what case Davies had had for him. Likely nothing good - Davies never had good ones. Still - it’d be nice to take one last puzzle before his break. He’d have to fill up the time up with John instead.
If it was. It was quite the coincidence, for his whole day to change just to meet with Stamford and be introduced to John who himself just happened to be walking by.
This wasn’t exactly the argument Lestrade was expecting. He wanted to, of all things and very badly, hug Sherlock and ruffle his hair as if the man were his son. And he knew that next time someone called Sherlock a sociopath to his face they were going to have a
happiness. Because - and this is addiction therapy speaking, but it’s true - because I think you got married because thought it was the right thing to do. Haven’t said it yet but that’s out there now. Right? And you did it because you thought it’d make Mary happy. Now maybe you’re doing this because you think it’d make Sherlock happy. And you have a hard time distinguishing empathetic happiness with your own real happiness. You have to do what’s right for you. Not confuse that with another person.”
He wasn’t leaving 221b for the last time, the day he stepped out with the last box in his hand, they both knew it, but this time, when Sherlock said “Goodbye, John,” it had felt even more final than his death.
Sherlock stumbles up, turns around. His hair drips down his back. John, too, has gotten wet in the shower, has already stripped off his shirt. He reaches back to undo the knot.
two on properly drying jellyfish and one on processing for eating it raw, two on unusually large blooms, a study on the frequency of heart attacks by age, and his abandoned tab on pansexuality, saved (or at least, not bothered to close) by Sherlock, from days ago.
It wasn't the first, or the fifth, or the tenth death. It was when John was slowly, carefully breaking fingers that he knew he'd crossed a line he never should have been at.
“I’ll be there, Johnny,” he broke in cheerfully. “Wouldn’t miss it for all of time and space. Got to meet him before the wedding, right?”
It was better managed, as an adult. Not that John could put a full tamper on it, but there was some kind of control, in the way he stood and looked at people, in how interested he felt, the way he caught their eyes.
The day Sherlock snuck them onto the roof of the British Museum, to find Jack already waiting from them, and the two stared at each other, like they should know but they didn’t. And before John could explain, there was the noise. The beautiful, glorious noise. The one Sherlock turned to before the box even appeared, the one that made Jack laugh and say, “I
When he was twenty-three, Mycroft pulled him aside and told him, “I’ve read your book.” (Of course he had.) “They’re doing something important and you’re not going to see them for years. I’m sorry.”
John’s never kissed a man. He’s thought about it, a few times, but he really liked women and they really liked him so...
John thinks about that. He thinks about it all day, while he washes the dishes and starts a new post for the blog and makes a shopping list and doodles on it.
, therefore, spirit; until Sherlock became his soul. John told himself that it didn’t matter that Sherlock couldn’t care back exactly the same way, because he knew Sherlock
Irene, John thinks, was almost as hard to classify. She might be bi (pan, demi, et al - John wonders if there is an “etalsexuality”, and decides, probably) and identify, for whatever personal or political reason, as gay. Which is quite fine; John knows Clara is bisexual but has called herself a lesbian since she was fifteen. Or maybe she’s only attracted to women, and men are just for work, and Sherlock is The Exception.
There is something happening here. He knows that. He runs through the ideas, again, incorporating the new data. His brain answers,
John stared at his ring. It was still on his finger. He didn’t know when to take it off. Or what to do with it. Or how.
“No, no,” John says quickly, meaning no, to the first. He reaches for a joke. “You would know it if I were coming on to you.”
lack of romance. Hmm? So maybe you help me make this the last conversation I have on the topic because I’m not enjoying it
This makes very little sense to John, because that’s why he’d done it in the first place, to protect Sherlock. So Sherlock wouldn’t have to. So John, who was already damaged, would have to hold these memories. But it is Sherlock who looks tormented. It makes John angry, which is irrational, but if John did this
It’s just a penknife. She didn’t really stand a chance with it, was just upgrading her list of charges, but she’s too high to think it through rationally. He yanked it out and there was a brief moment of hesitation before he snapped it closed.
Lestrade was alluding to imprisoning Sherlock for matters of bureaucracy and procedure. Whereas Sherlock should really be behind bars for murder in the first degree, aggravated assault, impersonation, grand theft...
, to drop on someone like that. She was an ex and a friend, and the one supposed to be helping John be normal, he couldn’t complicate it with that. And since Sarah didn’t know he hadn’t told Mary. That was a bit much, for the beginning of a relationship. And then it’d been so long it’d be awkward
“Yeah. Uh.” He exhaled loudly, jigging his leg, which still did cramp up, at times. “Last night. That’s why I was home a bit early.”
Ah. Because of course Mary could forgive him, surely already had, categorizing it as shock and moving on. She moved on better than any human he’d ever met. But she’d heard all of Sarah’s stories, when they first started dating, and was worried John was going to run off with Sherlock.
“Mm,” Sherlock said. He gave Mary a brief, tight smile, and then focused back on John as if she didn’t exist. “We should talk privately.”
The truth of it dawned on John slowly, crept up his back as his hands tried to deny deny deny. Of course, he said, there’d be some anger, some confusion, some re-alignment of the same souls in different times, of course it’d be difficult for awhile, but…
She pressed her fingers into her hips, feeling tired, feeling swam in. “There’s obviously something you two know, that you’re keeping from me. I’m not smart enough to figure out what but I’m smart enough to damn well notice. What’s going on?”
John missed the first part of this investigation, doing something very silly and needless he calls “sleeping”, which is why he finds the phone that morning, when Sherlock is out. The rest of the case involves a trip to the aquarium, a trip to an exotic fish market, a knife fight, a swim in pantyhose, and quite a few antihistamines. The Episode of Buying Pantyhose is not going into the blog. The knife fight ends in no injuries (to them). In three days the dust has settled, and John has plied Sherlock into eating three bowls of sweet and sour soup and then passing out on the sofa. Which was not
This is true. Sherlock is going to point out that he’s aware, and that he already knows it’s not indicative of an allergy, when John continues.
“You can’t pretend,” John said, with a gentle patience. “Not if this is going to work. She has to know who you are.”
“You meet her, and we’ll see how we all three get along and... and what you think of the baby and... oh!” John grabbed his wallet from his back pocket and pulled out a photograph for Sherlock to see. He considered it carefully; it was obviously a sonogram of the child.
Likely because Sherlock had no basis to compare it with, he seemed to take the moth-to-flame attraction as a natural thing, the fire as deep as breathing burning in him at John’s lightest touch or slightest glance as what everyone went through. “No wonder people are so obsessed with this,” he said, and it would have sounded disgusted if he hadn’t said it breathy, broken, slamming his head back against the wall and burying his fingers into John’s hair.
The next morning, Sherlock is still awake, reading five-year-old news articles online. John puts the kettle on.
John saw him often enough as a child. His dad didn’t refuse their relationship, but he didn’t encourage it either. Jack was a distant family friend until his parents passed away while John was in uni, and Jack offered any help or attention John might want. But they were both very busy people, Jack with his job, John with school and then the army. And John couldn’t bother him, when he got back from Afghanistan (couldn’t deal with Jack, and the inevitable job offer and what it meant), so they hadn’t talked in a while.
When Sherlock dies John goes to the funeral. He withdraws. He moves out of 221b, and Mycroft quietly pays Mrs. Hudson to keep the flat as it was. John tells Harry and Mrs. Hudson that he has to leave London for a while. That he’s going up north. He buys tickets. He packs his things. He promises to stay in touch but he’s not going to, really.
It’d taken a few years to realize that nursing wasn’t where she wanted be, but she’d originally gone into it because it seemed the perfect combination of people and science. And Mary had a scientific outlook. Which was something, she’d discovered, that had surprisingly little to do with intelligence or avocation, although there were natural biases to make you think so, by noticing that many of the obviously intelligent possessed these skills, and then assuming that was the limit of the statistical pool. No, it was something that one could learn, or come to naturally, and it was the one thing that made the largest difference to a life. It was something she was better at than John. There were red lines in the world, of pure data, that cut through bias and inclination and supposition and morality. To see them one had to give up on ego, and the desire to be correct about one’s thoughts rather than be correct in one’s thoughts, and to pursue them one had to disregard quite a lot of rules.
Right. Sherlock had ‘forgotten’ Mary, beyond a necessary calculation. Set her aside. He would need to consider her more fully if he were to create an opportunity. “Of course. She’ll have input on the situation.”
The problem that he does not describe to Mike is this: John figured that the Thoughts that Wouldn’t Go Away were so because they were unsolved. That the mystery was itching at him but, once clarified and defined and put back into a box, would leave. (Yes, John realizes how much Sherlock is rubbing off on him, thank you very much.)
Harry knew, because Harry was the one he’d told everything to, right after. And John knew Mycroft knew but they never said anything about it. Sarah he hadn’t told because... well, it was just too big a
He wrote down very carefully the day his father stopped in, walked right in the door and hugged him close and said, “Your mother is dead. She’s been dead for some time now, but I didn’t understand until today.
John had just come in and they were still standing at the door. He hadn’t even taken off his jacket. He didn’t seem to have noticed this. Or cared. He didn’t say anything, either, when Sherlock slipped his jacket off his arms, a brief moment when they were standing chest to chest, his arms on John’s back - then he hung it up and invited John in and offered a cup of tea.
In thinking about his thinking (about his thinking about his thinking; how many layers could he have, hypothetically? No: concentrate -) he had been quiet. He realized Lestrade was waiting for a response. He scoffed and said, “I’m too useful to you to put behind bars.”
“I’m going to help you keep from scratching. We both know it takes ages to get ink out of your skin, and if your fingertips are red someone might notice. It’s very important for your disguise to be perfect, isn’t it?”
, and not have to be perfect around, perfectly forgiving and perfectly giving and perfectly stupid all of the time, someone who did not see him as lesser-than, someone who wanted him, someone he could kiss behind the ear and be boring around and hurt around and vulnerable around and secretive around and fight about the toothpaste with and John wanted a love that was embodied and whole and shared.
It occurred to Mary that all these thoughts were taking awhile to think and that absolute silence had descended on the table, that Sherlock was still watching her carefully, and that John was too, with terrible concern and an obvious guilt.
Because Sherlock carefully places his hands on John’s face, gently, like they are both scared animals about to scatter, and he closes his eyes like this is something he has memorized and he is looking up an internal diagram. John knows it is going to happen before it does.
So he gave her a very long hug, when she gaily said goodbye, and he and his father shared a look, and his father had kissed him on the forehead.
John let out a tight sigh, an unreadable expression on his face. Sherlock pressed forward. “Do you want the room? You’ve kept it up all this time. I can get a hotel.”
have kept him, if they’d just given up the work, the adventures and everything. And if that meant they loved the work more than him.
So it happened, how he felt, John let it happen, wasn’t even in control of it happening, until Sherlock became his blood and breath. His oxygen, air,
“You’re still in love with me.” Sherlock announced this as if he had just grandly deduced it. “And I’m still in love with you.”
And there was the Doctor and Captain Jack Harkness and their two sons, Sherlock Homes and John Watson, and everyone was giggling because it was so completely
. She would probably giggle. She would patiently explain that of course this was happening now, after her presence had invoked jealousy. She’d say,
It took a few minutes for the thoughts to correctly organize themselves through Mary’s mind, and then she bolted upright so fast that she wobbled and something went swimming through her skin, a foot pressing out of her womb like a shark fin rising sleekly and vanishing back into the depths.
“No.” Mary stood up, walked away from them, to the door of the parlour that led to the stairs. She set her shoulders and stared down at them. Tears still drying, her eyes with a burning fire like a cold moon. Sherlock was again impressed by John’s selection of spouse: not as good as himself, certainly, but intelligent and strong of spirit and not afraid to fight.
He was not able to go more than ten minutes without mentally commenting upon John unless his mind was
of all of London’s general cruelty and stupid malice I have to worry about the love life of two strange men and one nice woman who have all become my friends because God forbid I have a
Jack laughed. “Then you know he’s too clever for just one secret organization. See you two lovebirds Thursday.”
“Right,” John said, and took two steps away. Then immediately stepped back, and grabbed Sherlock’s face and kissed him - too hard, too angry, biting his lower lip, but Sherlock growled into it and then John groaned and relaxed and offered him his tongue. Sherlock pulled him closer - someone walking by jeered at them - Sherlock slid his hands under John’s jumper, his finger touching that bare skin again, after so long, tracking the spine, C3 to L2. John pulled away, gently, offering one last kiss, and a small smile. Not angry with Sherlock, then; still desirous of him. Needing to grieve and heal his self-image. Sherlock smiled too, and hailed a cab for John, closing the door behind him to show that he held no ill-will. He watched them drive off - still smiling fondly, in case John looked back - and then, as soon as he was out of sight, took out his phone.
and Sherlock summoned every forceful drop of energy in his body to open his eyes and take John’s hand and hold it tightly. That moment he looked into John’s eyes, that was the moment Sherlock knew he was in love.
It occurred to her that it was funny, wasn’t it, that she could guess this much about a relative stranger but not be able to know about her own
“You do not. John. John!” Harry grabbed his arm, dragging him back into the seat. “You wanted brutal honesty, right? That’s why you called your fuck-up sister.”
that rolls in this throat, and then he releases Sherlock. Releases him to success, to the limits of his ability. Sherlock is left suddenly alone, as John leaves with the rubbish. Left until he must dye his hair back black, and then never again…
There were two days they were caught and trapped in a train car and have nothing to drink. When a man comes in to check on them John trips him, and buries his knee into the man’s throat, to cut off his shout for help. John’s hands and legs still tied, Sherlock managed to get his arms free using this scrap of metal hanging bent off the wall, and the metal can’t be removed as a weapon so instead John, once untied, bashes the man’s skull into it, but it doesn’t quite kill him, and he’s still fighting, and John knows he is going to collapse soon, and he is hot, and he is so angry and so tired and so thirsty, and thought they were going to die that time, truly, and so he drowns the man in his own blood.
There is this red-headed league, it’s a case, Sherlock has to investigate with, naturally, red hair. He is capable of dyeing his own hair and has done so before, but it is far easier with an assistant, and John has agreed. This is a simple matter: John provides the labor, sets the timer, Sherlock showers and rinses, Sherlock is ready to gather data in the morning.
The face that John made was beautiful. Sherlock wished he had some way to record it besides memory. It was the most lovely bloom of surprise and Sherlock knew,
) John, perhaps, had a rosy view of things. He perhaps let the emotional resonance wash over and wash away more clear-headed thinking. Because that’s who John was, he felt, he felt things (up to a point, but then Sherlock had swept past that point and nestled himself into the innermost parts of John without comment, certainly without invitation, certainly by request). It was Sherlock who calculated coldly and slid around the metal beads of his mental abacus until he was satisfied with the logic of the situation and if there were feelings to weigh emotions were something that happened around Sherlock, maybe sometimes
“Didn’t you say that all the real detectives called him a sociopath? I mean, we met twice. He wasn’t exactly nice. You’re going to put a kid into that position? It’d be like our da all over again, with the yelling and -”
when that other person just tells you “I need tea immediately, and for you to leave me alone for the next three hours,” and
So sure, their life together had been intoxicating, Sherlock was intoxicating, and under such heady influence (
“She’s plenty intelligent,” John said, which Mary felt was a rather insulting clarification, “and kind enough to take you on, but only if you don’t lie.”
Sherlock, even if Sherlock couldn’t come over for a whole night, how much John missed him and now he was back, couldn’t Sherlock spare an hour? And John couldn’t say that all the texts from Sherlock were in fact him wordlessly begging John for just one hour.
Sherlock analyzed the new data and reinterpreted drawn conclusions. “Perhaps I should meet him, some day.”
want her to know, but Sherlock did – either out of impatience or kindness to her. Which meant John thought he was being kind, by protecting her from the truth.
It’s simple neurobiology, Sherlock would have said. People experience a deep bonding sensation in dramatic situations; the danger is arousing. There was a study with a bridge – no. The bridge was John putting words in Sherlock’s mouth (
“Mmm.” Sherlock nodded like this was a mere confirmation of data. He reached out for his phone and cradled it. Then the moment passed and he breathed in, almost imperceptibly, and was back to a safe nothing. “Well. That just proves my point.”
For the past three years the game had real stakes. The game was no longer compelling. He saw where the puzzles and the chases went. He saw where they ended. No longer interesting, because repetitive; no longer interesting, because horrific. Sherlock had confirmed that his brain was not so special as to be immune to common psychology and that, like Skinner’s rat, if you electrocuted the ground again and again and again he would be afraid to tread.
“Yeah, okay. You’re the best detective here. Whatever.” Lestrade poured two packets of artificial sugar into his mug and stirred it with a pen. “But you’re not
Sometimes when he wakes up he can tastes blood. He assumes he bites his tongue when he’s asleep but he’s never sure.
“No. That’d be good, normally, but she won’t judge you snappily. It’s better for her to know the truth from the first.”
“This is still yours.” He stepped closer. They were standing farther apart than friends would; Sherlock rather drastically closed that distance. John squared his shoulders and didn’t look up. “I’m still yours.”
, assumes that they are partners in a romantic, sexual, starry-eyed sense. John has mostly given up on correcting people but he is damned if he’s going to help the rumors.
life. And if you could get it all sorted I could go back to concerning myself with plebeian things like my
“It won’t,” Sherlock said, sounding rather smug about it. “Or Father would have told me to bring an umbrella.”
in love with Sherlock, if Sherlock was his Exception it wasn’t something he was going to admit to Sherlock or to himself. Because he saw what happened to Irene. To Molly. He couldn’t deal with not reaching Sherlock, in the end, there, not being Sherlock’s Exception...
“My mother has been dead for some time.” Sherlock said this slowly, as if picking his words carefully. “I still see my father, but I haven’t for about a year now. He visits, I have no reliable way of getting in touch with him.”
But it’s still there. Floating in the background, occasionally rustling its wings, as if in gentle reminder. John finds this very annoying. He decides he is absolutely not wasting anymore time on it and is very successful, especially when they get another case (
John distracted himself with that memory for a few minutes and Sherlock even stirred in his chair, looking up blankly as if sensing something, before returning to the flask before him.
After an hour or so John looked at Sherlock and found him examining the cup with a confused frown on his face. He was even glancing around as if he tried to spot an undercover coffee agent who had put the cup on his desk. John took pity and went to him.
The shelves were accessible via a ladder that was moving in the rails built into the shelves. The library stacked there 19th-century medical treatises that almost nobody wanted to check, but unfortunately, some medical history scholar requested them for his dissertation a few weeks ago. With a sigh, John moved the trolley to the wall. He grabbed a small backpack, stuffed the first book into it and put it on his chest. He positioned the ladder, inhaled and gripped the handrail.
Finally, everything was sparkling clean and it was time to go. John grabbed a spare umbrella (it is amazing how many things people leave behind at libraries), a bit wobbly and creaky but it would do and hopefully he wouldn’t be soaked to the bone before he got home. He took out the trash and made a beeline for the dustbins. Then he quickly crossed the courtyard, aiming for the side-entrance the service workers used but before he could reach it, he spotted a heap of a person by the wall. The doctor in him took charge.
John was acutely aware that Sherlock didn’t let go of his hand and he desperately didn’t want the other man to realize this. He thought that if he didn’t move his hand Sherlock wouldn’t notice and he would enjoy the enveloping warmth and solidness of Sherlock’s palm on his hand a little longer.
Sherlock lifted the pictures and examined them closely. Then he went to the body, took a foldable magnifying glass out of his pocket and began to check the victim’s hands and face. He spent the most time observing her lips in great detail. When he started sniffing her neck, Lestrade frowned and wanted to say something but John stopped him with the hand on his arm.
John didn’t have much time to think after that because first visitors filled the library - mostly medical students in the search for their textbooks, as the autumn term just began - and they required his assistance.
“I’ve upset Molly and she asked me to leave. I was frustrated from earlier and there was this detective and I said something I shouldn’t and I have disappointed you.”
“Thank you, John. Just let me know when you’re leaving please,” Sherlock smiled timidly at John and dived into the book on vermins in London. He was interested in foxes today.
When they got to John’s, Sherlock stood in the middle of the tiny room like a bedraggled kitten. John instinctively went for simple instructions.
Suddenly, he can’t breathe. There is cold water in his nose, in his mouth, in his eyes. He tries to fight but something heavy holds him down. He can’t move his hands. He is kicking his legs.
Sherlock muttered something that could be “thank you” but didn’t even raise his head. John stood there for a moment but eventually returned to the front desk. He was a bit disappointed but what had he expected? Luckily, he had to deal with a bunch of students and didn’t have much time to brood.
) into the system and led him to the elevated part of the front desk, on which the camera stood on the tripod. It was operated remotely from the computer.
There wasn’t much time to chat with John the following week because as the autumn term was almost over, the library was full of students. The afternoons were almost impossible there. However, it was still better than his mouldy flat with windows that had been last repaired sometime in the 19th century. And there was no John in his flat. Sherlock got to like the small librarian. He was polite and listened to him and was impressed by his deductions. And it was… nice.
Sherlock checked the opening hours of Barts Science Library online and went to shower. It was much needed because he somehow forgot to take care of his transport (dull) during his latest experiment, which should prove one Mortimer Jacobs guilty of a murder that happened in 1953. One would say that the solution of the murder so old was not really important but that would be wrong. It was vital for Sherlock who was currently engaged in writing the book on solving Britain’s most famous unsolvable cold cases. That would show the world how brilliant he was!
The clock kept on ticking and Molly had to stop herself from biting her nails nervously because it would just distract Sherlock from thinking. John was watching the genius move around the room between the corpse and the notes once, twice, then held back Lestrade with a single look, because it was not time to ask questions yet. Both Molly and John were familiar with Sherlock’s need for his mental space before delivering an answer and wished for the best results at this moment.
He felt Sherlock’s hands stroking his back. Sherlock also leaned his head and was now breathing into John’s hair. John’s erratic heartbeat gradually slowed down. He hadn’t felt this safe for a very long time. One of Sherlock’s hands found a place on the back of John’s neck. John liked its reassuring heaviness.
He felt warm and it had nothing to do with the radiator nearby. He shook his head and dived into a forensics book.
“Cold cases. I’m solving them and I’m writing a book about it. You see, even the years after you can pinpoint where the investigation went wrong because some witless simpleton didn’t do his work properly. I solved like half of the most famous cold cases, but it’s slow work because I need to experiment and I don’t have the right equipment and space and access to some… things. I’m thinking about renting a lab but I can do that only at the end because I have to save time and do all the experiments at once and I don’t know yet which ones will be needed.”
The librarian looked shocked but quickly recovered: “I would really prefer if you didn't broadcast it so loudly, please. But how on earth can you know that?”
“I don’t know, I kinda enjoy the sight of you in too short sweatpants and fluffy socks,” John laughed and had a towel thrown at his head for his insolence.
The constant movement of Sherlock’s arms caused his slim-fit shirt to stretch and ride up a bit and reveal a sliver of pale skin contrasting with the dark fabric of his trousers. John imagined what it would be like to touch it. He mentally slapped himself when he realized that he was ogling his oblivious customer who just wanted to help him.
John groaned and nodded. “He’s so incredibly smart. But he’s doing research about some things… and he needs some space. Workspace. If possible, even access to not strictly available things.”
“Well, you can stay here for a while, of course. But no experiments and no sound effects, understood?”
John reached out and put a curl, which fell over Sherlock’s eyes, back behind his ear. “Will you be able to sleep now?”
He turned his phone off because he really wasn’t in the mood to deal with his brother anymore. He had books to lose himself in and later some experiments to conduct. They were his life’s only joys, something his brother could not understand. He crossed the landing, for once without hearing steps behind the neighbour’s door.
“That’s okay, Sherlock,” John said softly. “You’ll tell me when you are ready. Let’s put you to bed.”
A hand attempted to smash the alarm-clock button, missed and tried again, successfully this time. John sat up on the bed with a groan. He rubbed his eyes and sighed. He felt like shit, as he did nearly every morning. He got his legs on the floor and, hissing, tried to loosen up his right leg that went stiff during the night. When he was certain he could manage a few steps to the loo without the cane that was propped against the bedside table, he took off his t-shirt and got up to shower off the dried sweat from another night full of nightmares.
