“Right. Come on, now. Up.”
“Actually, I’m okay,” Sherlock said. He saw John’s forehead furrow and mouth open in the beginning of a protest, and turned on his heels and strode back into the ward. He could sleep now, he told himself. Now the girl was gone, he could sleep.
“Christ.” She listened to him breathe into the speaker. “What, uh, set it off?”
John supposed Sherlock was right. Remembering what he had said during their encounter in the town a few weeks ago, John realised Angelo was made incredibly vulnerable by his stereotypical projection of the manliness he probably thought, somewhere deep within him, that he was lacking.
“Did you hit your head on the statue as you fell?”
“Hey!” The secretary barked, pointing at Greg. “Move over there and both of you, shut up!”
Sherlock reached across and picked up the phone -
Sherlock was not in the room.
Sherlock closed his mouth and said made a gesture to say ‘
John raised his eyebrows. “Well, look at you, eating more than once a day.”
“What’s going on?” God asked.
“Fine,” John said as he shut his bedroom door. He slung his bag onto his bed and kicked off his trainers. He felt a dull ache somewhere within him that he didn’t bother to fight.
Sherlock found himself able to breathe again.
They’d been at the dinner table for a quarter of an hour now, and Sherlock had only taken three, maybe four, mouthfuls of pasta.
Sherlock cocked his head. “All three pets couldn’t have gone into cardiac arrest within minutes of each other, John,” he dismissed. “We established that it was some sort of injection.”
John couldn’t tell whether Sherlock was being playful or indicating that that comment had hurt him. He wasn’t sure how to ask. His mind was racing. Why would Sherlock offer to lend him tens of thousands of pounds just to stop him joining the army?
John’s mouth had fallen open and he closed it quickly, his face darkening. “How-?”
“I’m not going. Nice try.”
The next few days passed in a maelstrom of essays, tests and frost. The only case Sherlock managed to find was a complex but petty affair involving some members of the cast of a play that was currently in rehearsals. It all came down to who was going out with who, and John had to stop him shouting at three of them who were refusing to speak to one another, and Sherlock had to stop John from slapping them.
“John! We’ve got to go, it’s nearly seven! Gregson'll have our heads!” Exclaimed Mike, getting up. The two of them fetched a couple of other Doyle Lower Sixth boys from another table on their way out and they all half-jogged back to house.
The doctor shrugged. “Don’t think so. It’s been pretty quiet since that cold. Why?”
“I haven’t got to that bit yet,” John said. “So the week after that, I gave him a pack of tissues, because I owed him.”
“Seriously, though – “
“Clara says I have to come apologise to you,” she mumbled, not looking at him, but watching their mother sleep. Clara was on old childhood friend of Harry’s – they were inseparable and it was a given that she was at the Watson household most days of the week after school. John knew that that was as close to an actual apology Harry was going to get, and so reached out and pulled her onto the sofa with him, holding her close. Harry adjusted herself so she could see the telly but was still in John’s arms.
There was another pause in which Harry began to question what it was she’d just heard, but John put a finger to his lips, and just in time.
“And?” Sherlock retorted. “I did you a favour – it’s not irritating you anymore, is it? You kept fiddling with it yesterday and it was annoying me.”
It had begun to drizzle around half an hour previously, while Doyle was battling it out with Pullman, but now the rain began to intensify. Not quite torrential, but enough to prompt umbrellas and mumbled complaining from the spectators.
“Sherlock wouldn’t find it interesting, though, would he mum, because it’s about him,” Harry pointed out, and something about that stuck with Sherlock.
“Yeah, he’s not the healthiest of people,” John lied.
Their coach had drawn them into a circle, arms over each other’s shoulders, eyes on those of the boys around them. And they were just boys, John realised. Just boys in fancy t-shirts. And the roiling of his stomach did not match with that knowledge.
“Yeah,” John said, sitting up as well. “Should I know him?”
Breathe, John.
“I can’t believe you’re making me do this,” Sherlock muttered.
Seest = see
“What’s going on tomorrow?”
John finished swiftly, smiling and stepping aside. The pumpkin looked a little strange, lines and circles all over it. Sherlock was handed a smaller knife than the one they had used to cut the top of the pumpkin off earlier. He held it limply in his hand, not quite sure what to do with it.
Sherlock looked at him, not really hearing what he was saying, thinking
“Anyway.” John resumed. “I didn’t see the burn at first because he was sitting in such a way that I could only see right side of his face, but it looked really raw and red, so my thoughts were that he must have only just got out of hospital. The next time I went to therapy, he was there again, and we smiled again, and the week after that, and the week after that, and so on. One week – ” John really didn’t want to continue with his story, hoped Sherlock would come bursting in and drag him away, but nothing happened. He steeled himself and went on. “One week I came out kind of, um, in tears, because – well, that’s irrelevant.”
“Bit not good,” John said. “If she does have amnesia, she’s probably really confused and she’s feeling like shit anyway because she’s just thrown up and some bloke she doesn’t know is shooting questions at her like rubber fucking bullets, okay?”
There was a long pause before Sherlock spoke. “I’m cleverer than them. I'm not afraid of them. I'm not like them."
“Not bad,” Mike commented, and John hummed his agreement.
Hello all!
“Fuck you,” John said through a grin that took all malice from his words.
“Shit,” John breathed. “Cinema?” he suggested, nodding at the building not far ahead. “There’s that new Bond showing and we’ve still got – ”
Neither boy said anything at first.
John deflated the air mattress as Sherlock took a shower. The brothers had gone to find their mother after breakfast, leaving their belongings on Sherlock’s floor. John collected their clothes and put them into their bags. He dismantled the fort, returning the cushions to their rightful places and folding the sheets.
“This one,” Sherlock said, before swimming off, arms reaching forward into the water and legs kicking continuously behind him. When he reached the other end of the pool, he did an impressive forward roll in the water and came back the way he’d gone.
“I told you, she said I only needed to come in every two months now. I went to the December one – ”
He got to his feet and felt all the blood rush away from his head. He swayed and put out an arm to grab onto something for support - and felt a hand close around his upper arm. As his vision cleared, he looked down to see Sherlock’s arm holding him in place, his own hand clutching it.
“Of sorts.”
John checked his watch - half one. He got ready for army.
“Well, then, would you care to tell me why a cinema toilet has been sealed off by the police?” John demanded.
“Biology?” John said, pushing up a sleeve and checking his watch. “Shit, Sherlock, we missed break?”
“What is it, Anderson?” John asked, part annoyed that the boy was keeping him out here in the cold, part fascinated to hear what was making Anderson’s face contort like that.
Sherlock was acutely aware that Mrs Hudson was grinning at them from the car, but he ignored her.
Sherlock sighed and stopped reading. He didn’t need to see any more. He sent John a text.
John came in as Sherlock locked his phone and placed it on the floor. John closed the door and drew the curtains, which didn’t do all that much to block out the light from the streetlamp outside.
“Me? I’m fine.” Sherlock had a far-away look on his face. “Not looking forward to - ah, here he comes now.”
Sherlock heaved a sigh and got up, going over to the laptop and pausing the music before anyone could sing. “We are not listening to that.
He’d asked Mike (‘I don’t know, girl things? I’ve got three kid brothers, mate, don’t ask me’), Claus (‘Jagermeister’), Seb (‘This isn’t the time, keep marching’), Molly (‘Make her something, she’d really appreciate that’) and even Lestrade (‘Not my division, Doc, go do your homework or something’), but all to no avail.
, John, I -”
And, like always, John had no choice but to follow.
“But it’s…” he began hastily, and John looked at him. “It’s better than the others.”
John came back to his body. “What?”
“I would love to say the same, Sherlock, but I’m sure you know what we’re about to say to you.”
. “So, what subjects do you take?”
They had all but stopped moving. They were swaying, still, like trees in a wind. John didn’t know how much time had passed. All that he knew was the space between him and Sherlock and the way his palm felt, those long fingers curled around his own.
Kitty’s conspiratorial smile faded. “Your choice,” she said, “but I am interested. Very interested. If you change your mind, let me know,” she said, beginning to walk away. “Been nice chatting,” she called. “Oh - and good luck if you throw your hat in for editor.”
Sherlock put the phone on his desk and re-wound the recording to the beginning, turning it to full volume and staring intently at the wall while it played, trying to block out the sounds of John getting changed in the background.
Vlad leant over and whispered to John, “I didn’t know he played the violin.”
John could imagine the careful way Sherlock would have been speaking if this conversation had been face to face. He knew what he was saying underneath. An invitation. John had accepted after the first sentence, but wanted to make Sherlock ask. Just to hear – see – him ask, make him admit that he wanted his company. If that was selfish, he didn’t care. So he replied:
“Nothing,” John replied, trying to stop the giggle fit from which he had just recovered from returning.
“Ah, shit. You got me all excited there.”
John didn’t have an answer to that.
The faces of the group behind Angelo ranged from confusion, to rage, to concern, to disbelief.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s tone was serious, but John glanced at him and saw the smile playing over his features. “Very adequate.”
Where is he?
Sherlock must have narrowed his eyes or something of the like, because John continued, explaining.
“Well, sit down, then,” he instructed. Sherlock did as he said as John flicked the lights off and joined him on the other end of the sofa. John heaved the duvets off the floor, deposited one on Sherlock and wrapped himself in the other, half lying down and half sitting up. Sherlock copied him, and found that John’s old, dirty sofa was gorgeously comfortable.
“So, last panel?” Sherlock prompted.
Sherlock googled the term. “It’s potassium nitrate – I think I have some of that upstairs!”
The headmaster introduced the head of school, a boy best known for his sporting prowess who fumbled through a speech about losing one of their own. Someone else read a speech from Carl’s parents thanking the school for being home to their son. They sang a hymn, they prayed, they sat for a minute’s silence, and the headmaster quoted John’s article in the Herald.
Sherlock glanced at John.
But he kept breathing, breathed against the clenching of his throat, and fixed his gaze on the floor, the blue carpet that was black in the half-light. Nobody said anything.
“You alright?” John had asked, and Sherlock felt the bed move as he sat up as well.
Then, so quiet John could barely hear her, “Why won’t you admit it? What he meant to you?”
. “What makes you think he’s in trouble? He might just be busy.”
“I am sick of
“Her dad’s out. Abby and Tyler are going to be there too.”
“So - ?”
“Hel-?”
John swallowed. “The thing is, sir, I got wrapped up in – in something very serious. I’m not sure how much I can say about it, but I need – could I borrow Angelo for a moment?”
Sherlock’s eyes followed the girls until they were out of sight, then fixed on a point just above John’s head. They were slightly red-rimmed, his cheeks flushed from the biting cold. His face looked hollow, tired, his hair unwashed.
“So,” John started after a moment of silence. “You and her.”
But that was immediately too much to think about and John dropped his arms and stepped out of their frame, looking away from those grey eyes.
John kept turning over Mike’s concerned face in his mind. He had been the first person to show both Sherlock and John any kindness at St. Bart’s, under two very different sets of circumstances. John wondered absently if he should go to Lestrade and take himself out of the running for head of house; Mike would certainly do a better job than John, who had been ready to pulverise a fellow housemate in the common room not a few hours ago.
“I’m just going to go and photocopy this.” John’s teacher announced, picking up a wad of paper and getting up from his desk. John willed him silently to stay, but the door clicked shut behind him and Bill’s face lit up.
“What?” This was not how this conversation was supposed to be going.
“Why the hell did you turn down being transferred to a new therapist in Buckinghamshire if you were just going to flake on the one in London? And why the hell did you think you could just discharge yourself from the system without telling anyone? And why the
The shout was muffled, but the tone was clear. Seconds later the door to room twenty-one banged open and an all-too-familiar violin-wielding typhoon of a boy strode through.
“John, listen,” Sherlock interrupted, and his tone of voice made John fall silent immediately. “We’re close now, so I’m going to explain the plan.”
“I want to be a doctor, not a bloody surgeon,” John replied.
“Yeah,”
“No, Mycroft –  ” the panic that had subsided with the voice in his ear began to swell again.
It wasn’t early enough that John could allow himself to lounge in bed much longer, so he heaved himself out of bed and made his way downstairs.
Sherlock was vaguely aware of his lungs burning.
“Head rush,” Sherlock explained.
When he was nearly finished, his phone rang. He accepted the call without looking at the screen, presuming it to be Harry about to tell him to hurry up.
Still no word from Sherlock, nor from anyone else, for that matter.  As the hour hand on his watch ticked onto the eight, John realised he could have been abandoned without anyone knowing.
“Yeah, I did, actually,” Nadia said, looking at them in her hands. “I guess they didn’t do the trick for you, hey?” she said, smirking a little.
They left with two bottles that Sherlock had said wouldn’t be missed and an old mug each.
Baynes showed his disbelief in the only way he knew how – through a string of colourful expletives. “And is he?”
When he finally came back inside, face flushed from the cold, John’s phone was flashing with texts.
He bounded back to room twenty-one, barely feeling the stairs beneath his feet. He closed the door behind him and exhaled again. The room was quiet, the sounds of chattering from Lestrade’s garden floating in through the open window. He exhaled once more and allowed himself to think for half a second about what had just happened before he had to stop and try not to scream or punch the air or burst into tears. Instead, he did what Sherlock would have done and began to pace, needing to move or he would combust.
“Hold on,” he said, and Anderson paused. “She said you forgot her birthday yesterday.”
Sherlock put a nut into his mouth and bit down, the sweet outer layer giving way to the earthier centre. He felt a tap on his arm, and when he looked at John, it seemed that his friend had done the same, but with such an absurdly huge quantity of nuts that he looked like a chipmunk, storing food in its cheeks, and Sherlock informed him of this in no uncertain terms.
(See the end of the chapter for
John looked at him, sprawled on his back on the floor, and giggled once in surprise, before leaning back against the door and tipping his head back and laughing and laughing and laughing, and Sherlock would be damned if he didn’t join in.
“Wrong. Mrs Hudson has a flat in London, on Baker Street. Used to be her husband’s. Now she lets it out. I’m sure she’d kick out her tenants for me.”
“Is that a jar of
“Do you know you do that?”
His friend rewarded him for his efforts with a tiny quirk of the mouth that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“I knew he wouldn’t,” John said. “Right then, let’s get going.”
John squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder as he bent over, spluttering coughs and retching. He stilled for a moment before spitting out a dark string of bile.
“Sorry,” John rolled his eyes when his roommate turned away. He should have known by now that Sherlock loathed it when he was interrupted during an experiment, but John questioned the validity of his experiments anyway. Some light had been shed upon his roommate’s erratic habits a couple of nights ago, with the mention of a ‘case’, but no more had been said on the subject since. John had to admit, however, that he was somewhat curious as to this unusual pastime of Sherlock’s, but he feigned a nonchalant air on the matter, and decided to wait until he was told more. He was much more likely to get more information that way, if Sherlock told him of his own accord.
Sherlock sighed. “This is not necessary.”
John marvelled at how the lazy breaststroke Sherlock had taught him the other night could be transformed into this elegant, rapid stroke, the boys not raising their heads out of the water to breathe more than once every five pulls of their arms. They turned at the shallow end of the pool and as they began to make their way back, the boy from Green in the fifth lane began to fall behind.
John’s mother was saying something about Harry’s language and then another thing that sounded like a greeting so John returned it shakily.
“It becomes easier with practice,” Sherlock said, and now he was looking away too.
Holmes.” John smirked, imitating Sherlock’s old fashioned formalities of speech. Sherlock didn’t pick up on the joke, apparently, as he replied earnestly,
“I don’t believe it, either,” said Eric quietly.
“Very well done, sir,” John praised. “Bravo.”
Hello all - I am sorry from the bottom of my heart for the hiatus, but as I have said, these last couple of months have been composed of schoolwork and sleep.
The song ended, but another began almost straight away, so there was no opportunity for disentanglement.
“No, it’s because you were supposed to meet up with two separate people last night and didn’t.” John felt like he was losing his mind. “In fact - hang on.” He got out his phone, ignored the number of Instagram notifications he had, and sent a message to both Sherlock and Angelo informing them of God’s whereabouts. “You can explain to them yourself why you flaked so spectacularly everyone thought you were dead.”
John gave him a small smile, then, and Sherlock felt someone brush by him as they walked past. He stepped aside, realising they were probably taking up a lot of the pavement.
John’s mood improved slowly with each hour that widened the distance between him and the sudden, panicked start to the day. He spent the morning in the library, revising. Sherlock flitted in and out of his vision, sometimes with his arms full of books, sometimes with them crossed over his chest, sometimes arguing with a librarian, sometimes tapping on his phone. John took comfort in his small idiosyncrasies - how, when he plonked himself down in the chair opposite John, he would cross one leg over the other. How his fingers danced above his writing when he was finding a word in his head. How he pursed his lips. These were all normal Sherlock behaviours. They meant Sherlock was focused, but not obsessed. Serious, but not anxious. They meant Sherlock too was successfully putting distance between himself and the sudden, panicked start of their day.
John turned back around. Sherlock was standing in the interior doorway. Neither said anything. John thought about what he’d just done.
Sherlock took a deep breath, surfacing, and slowly opened his eyes.
The three were walking briskly down the road, having finished updating Sarah about the situation.
Mike laughed. “His hair was even bigger than it is now, for starters,”
“He’s done his little party trick on you, hasn’t he? He’s spilled all your little secrets and spread all your dirty gossip, right?”
John grinned, and after a moment, so did Sherlock.
“That doesn’t really help at all.”
– that the first notes of Eric’s bass almost made him jump. A bump on the left side of his body reminded him he was supposed to be swaying. He could feel himself blush as he began to move, but then Sherlock began playing again and now he was so close that John could see his eyes and they were fixed solely on John’s. John smiled at him and was given a barely detectable one in return; two private greetings.
“Wow,” Mrs Watson’s eyebrows reached for her hairline. “A doctor and a consulting detective, I am in privileged company.”
“I know, sir, I know,” John said hastily. “But this is really important.”
John went to his wardrobe, opening it and fussing with his hair in the mirror.
“I no longer feel nauseous.”
The other boy thought for a moment, running a hand through his floppy hair. “He caught a year nine smoking last week, but I can’t think of any long-term grudges,”
Sherlock shrugged. John laughed.
He uncrossed his arms and clutched at his throat, making choking sounds and slowly sinking to his knees. One hand scrabbled at the wall to his left while the other reached dramatically out towards the girls. “Damn… you…” he croaked before falling onto his back and ‘dying’.
) had both recovered their (
His phone buzzed violently in his pocket, and he groaned at the flashing name on the screen. He answered it and put it to his ear.
“Me? I doubt they would have had that homecoming if it were just me, John.”
Sherlock’s voice was suddenly calm. “Keep looking out of the window John. Past the oak. Please, do this for me.”
What was she doing with Sherlock? What was Sherlock doing with her?
Sherlock sighed.
“Sherlock,” John corrected. “He’s my roommate.”
“This is really familiar,” John mused as he and Sherlock adjusted to the new tempo.
The last text had been sent twenty nine minutes ago, so Sherlock tapped out a brief reply:
“You’re not?”
John gave him a look, raised his hand, knocked quietly and turned the handle.
Mrs Hudson was waiting for him at the foot of the staircase. “We know you can’t quite… you know. But we like to have you sit and chat, dear.”
“That Moriarty guy wasn’t very turned on, was he?” John said, trying to make conversation to distract himself from worrying about Muhammad and how the hell Sherlock was planning to undo a kidnapping by himself. “He thought Muhammad was in Doyle.”
“I’m not sure I want to,” Sherlock said, the burning now a faded simmer in his mouth.
John jumped and turned around. “Sherlock,” he said, grabbing him by the arm and maneuvering him away from the door. “We’ve been thinking about it all wrong. He was a bully.”
“Everything set up upstairs?”
“And what about the cover-up, then?” When Sherlock gave her a blank look, she pursed her lips. “You know full well it’s illegal for people like you to go around – well, to go around as you are.”
“Oh,” John laughed shortly. “You tell me – what can you deduce?”
Sherlock remembered that the cutlery was kept in the kitchen, so he walked back into the central corridor and made for the kitchen, but was halted by Mrs Watson spotting him and exclaiming,
There was a pause. A hug goodbye seemed appropriate, but he didn’t know whether Sherlock would have been comfortable with that. He was a bit peculiar about personal space and physical contact – he operated with a contradictory lack of both. So they both stood, watching the cars drive past.
“Shut up, Mrs Hudson."
“Then, one Sunday, in mid-August, I went to his – ”
Harry, having been forced prematurely and suddenly into the harsh reality of the world nearly exactly a year ago, had quickly realised that her crippling disinterest with the lengthy analyses of boys at her friends’ sleepovers was more than it had first appeared. It had slipped from her lips during an argument with their mother late one night a few months ago. Needless to say, the argument was abandoned after that, but, surprisingly, picked up again the next day.
He got a few shrugs in reply, and, seemingly taking that as a yes, squeezed his way through the mob of boys and sat at the piano.
came a very close second, but the winner was Tolkein with
“Boys! Boys!” Lestrade called as John moved to go into the common room. He turned around to see his housemaster standing a few steps up the staircase. The boys eventually settled down, looking up at him. “Just before you go to bed, I would like to thank you all for being so co-operative. You really made mine and Eddie’s lives easier, and thanks to your hard work, I think Funke will be kissing our arses come next week when the results are announced, if you’ll excuse my French,”
Sherlock turned to him. “You’re siding with her?”
“What what?” he asked.
There were two types of fears, Sherlock knew. Rational and irrational. Heights, fire, snakes; rational. Base, animal, instinctive. His father, John leaving, Victor returning; irrational. Concocted, illogical, imagined – yet somehow accepted and ingrained and buried, the damp that spread over the corners of Sherlock’s walls. Viral.
He reached the end wall of the building, which was, naturally, a long bookcase, whose books' index numbers were nowhere near the one he sought. He turned around and went back the way he came. He reached the entrance to the building none the wiser, and although barely anyone was in the library, he still felt hugely silly making his way back down again.
). Quick, attentive eyes and a long plait, glossy and dark.
so it was always John’s duty to rouse their father.
It had only taken robbery to instigate it, but as each day passed, John could feel himself becoming a little more comfortable with life in that strange place.
“Do you really expect me to say yes?”
“Really,” John confirmed, holding his tray out to them.
After they had been dismissed, John meandered back up to his and Sherlock’s room. He paused by the door. Long, mournful notes of a violin were coming from inside. John opened the door very slowly and very quietly, so as not to disturb Sherlock. John found him standing at their window, playing the violin absent-mindedly, staring out into the darkness. Sherlock was completely correct about his own abilities; he was extremely good at the violin. Even from behind, with layman's eyes, John could see that he coaxed the notes from the instrument with graceful ease, and John was entranced. The melody he was playing was excruciatingly sad, and vaguely familiar.
“What?” John replied. “You aren’t thinking of breaking into her room and rooting through her stuff, are you? Because we’ve had a chat about this, remember? Privacy, Sherlock, is very – ”
John followed Sherlock down and into the common room. There would be no shying away from this.
“You know, his mum died when he was twelve.” John said hesitantly.
It was grey as Sherlock had promised, made from an almost tweed-like material, shaped and stylish. He took off his jumper and put the blazer on, closing his bedroom door to revel the mirror on the back of it. He stood in front of it. Sherlock must have known every last detail of his measurements somehow – John tried not to ponder that too hard – because it fit like a glove. John ran his hands down the fabric, feeling a small spark of something in his stomach. Something like excitement.
“You fucker, Sherlock Holmes,” John said as Sherlock placed the camera down on the table, but he could hear the smile in his voice. “For that, you’re sleeping on the sofa.”
They continued down the corridor, passing identical doors on each side, decorated with things. John stopped walking for a moment as, Harry assumed, he opened a door, and at the same moment a door opened right at the end of the corridor where his and Sherlock’s room was and a boy walked out, coming down the corridor towards them.
John remembered the whispered conversation, their heads on their pillows, the poem he couldn’t understand but felt all the same.
“Just thought it might be your kind of thing,” Mike said, stepping inside. “See – here,” he pointed at a poster, the same one that John had noticed before he had strode out into the night om his pyjamas to find Sherlock.
“Oh, I’m sure,” John laughed, hearing Sherlock’s deep rumble of a giggle in return.
His father looked at him for a moment before rolling his eyes, and Sherlock exhaled his relief.
The second chorus came and went, and, entering into the bridge, the instruments ceased, save the drum and the piano. The boys held their hands above their heads and clapped along with their chants of “
Sherlock swallowed. “It was… surprisingly okay,” he said, and John laughed. Then that look in his eyes, that prelude to mischief, appeared, and he opened his mouth and took a breath.
“Last year. When they took me to hospital.”
“Unfortunately, we don't have a tent," John said, shooting a look at Sherlock. "But we can go one better and make a fort?”
“Look.” He held up the envelope, and after a few seconds of John looking at it blankly, explained, “It’s the same handwriting as the graffiti.”
“You going to pour me one?” John said after a pause, and Sherlock huffed and complied.
John was semi-delirious, semi-unconscious and wholly exhausted when the school began to wake. He had somehow found his way to the floor over the past few hours, and now he was curled up at the foot of the fridge. He sat up.
He slipped into the swimming pool hall the same way he had earlier that night with Janine: through a window that was loose in its pane. Riskier than Victor leaving a window open, but much more convenient than stealing the keys to the changing room. The giant space was silent, save for the lapping of water, hum of machinery, and the harsh echo of his breath. He stepped slowly across the tiled floor. The hall seemed to be utterly empty.
“Sh, sh,
“Do you want a break?” John asked, and then, without waiting for a reply; “I want a break. Get up.”
He stepped carefully onto the path, but it seemed that someone had salted it, as it was clear of ice. Still, he made each step deliberate and certain as he moved up to the door.
The duvet was soft against his bare calves where his trousers had rucked up during the night. The bed linen smelled of the airing cupboard where John had got it from the night before, dust and stale air.
“Lunch,” John explained. “And then something else, but I’m not going to tell you what just yet.”
“What about extra-curricular things, have you joined any clubs?”
And John allowed himself to breathe.
“Ready?” Eddie called over his shoulder. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock said nothing, but dropped to the floor and reached for a pair of chopsticks.
“Kitty said she wanted to see the man behind the cases, not just the facts. It’s
“What’s he saying?” John whispered.
He slouched down the stairs and dragged his feet up to the drawing room door. It was closed, which meant she was with a client, but when he knocked and entered, it was Mycroft who was sitting with her on the long sofa. Sherlock had thought he was working in London that entire week, so quickly tried to cover his surprise as the two adults looked up at him.
“Don’t try to change the subject, John,”
“You must be John,” he said, stepping towards him and extending a hand.
“But don’t apologise.”
John was speechless. The man looked both boys in the eye before turning and leaving the room as silently as he’d come, clicking the door shut behind him.
“I was thinking the George Gershwin piece?”
John tried smiling like he found that funny. “I, er, actually wouldn’t know.”
John turned to him slowly. “Shelley,” he said slowly.
John woke early on a frigid Thursday morning three days later. He had fallen asleep while texting Sherlock again, but he had temporarily forgotten that, and he regarded, bewildered, the still-on bedside lamp for a few moments before registering the feeling of a block of metal digging into his hip and realising what had happened.
Surprise, this chapter is a bit earlier than we were all expecting, me included! I am super busy this weekend so I decided to get it up today.
“So… I can’t take a urine sample?”
“We don’t
By the time John fell asleep, face illuminated for a few minutes by the light of his phone left resting on his chest –
John drew his eyebrows together. “Yes…?”
He heard the sound of Sherlock opening a bottle of something. “Why always the tone of surprise, John.”
“No!” She said, a look of indignation on her face, eyes slightly unfocused. “I can’t believe you’d say such a thing ‘bout me,”
“Lunch is usually at about two.” Sherlock said after Celine and her brood had left.
John struggled against Sarah’s grip, but it was joined by Kitty’s now. “You don’t know what it’s been doing to him, he’s been - he’s been - ”
Come hang on Tumblr
“Thank you,” John said, and turned towards the gate. As he heard the car pull away, it struck him that he had no idea where he was.
“Angelo De Luca and God Staunton. The prop and the captain. Christ, who would have thought it,” John snorted, then thought a moment. “I feel a bit bad for him.”
The boy, really extraordinarily tiny, with dark hair and eyes like pools of black light, turned to him. “I’m here for a physiotherapy appointment.”
John smiled into the rear view mirror. “Just a bit tired. Had an early start today.”
Therefore, the last thing Sherlock had wanted to do was spend lunchtime at home, opting instead to paste on his mousse and put in his contacts and go looking for cases.
“Bumped into Anderson on the way back from maths,” John explained, voice muffled by the pillow he had buried his face in. “He insisted on having a conversation with me.”
John quickly finished the last dregs of his beer and put the bottle between his feet, seeing Sherlock do the same out of the corner of his eye. He crossed his arms over his chest, catching the hand of the woman on his left and reaching out for Sherlock’s on his right. He watched Sherlock fumble with his arms for a moment –
“Nothing’s
“So, last night was fun, huh?” John said, pulling his trousers on.
“Look over my left shoulder.”
“Ten.”
A pleasant silence existed between them for a few moments, John leaning against the counter next to him. The radio was playing some pop song Sherlock hadn’t heard before, and somewhere in the house, a washing machine went into a spin cycle.
Dave’s footsteps, heavier than any of the Watson’s, going to and from the bathroom.
The sounds of the carriage were muffled. The two women opposite him were talking about one of their ex-husbands. The man sitting next to him was reading a cheap crime thriller. At one of the stops, the doors opened and a large group of men in their early twenties piled on, loud and raucous. John kept his eyes on the little map on the ceiling, mentally following the train’s progress through stops he’d barely heard of before as it went further and further into the outskirts of the city, eventually leaving it completely.
He didn’t say a word of explanation, but as soon as he opened the door, Harry knew.
, John thought to himself automatically. He ha dbeen trying his best to remain neutral with the boy, but every time he looked at his spotty face he thought of all those times he’d hurt Sherlock, mocked him, called him names, and what made it worse was that it was all in John’s imagination – he didn’t know how those situations had played themselves out, so his mind immediately assumed the worse. It made his blood boil.
“With your limited supplies, I wouldn’t be able to if I wanted to,” Sherlock said. “I mean the stitches specifically.”
Viola glided out of the front door. “Come here, Sherlock.”
To John's mercy, the door was pushed open from the inside just as John was reaching for his phone, smacking him in the chest. A small handful of boys a few years younger than him peered round the door and apologised profusely, before moving aside to let him pass.  John muttered a “Thanks,” and the door swung shut behind him.
He walked down the passage, following the sounds of cooking. Lestrade was making an omelette, in his pyjamas still.  Which was a bit of an odd sight.
Also, what Sherlock misheard John singing was a line from
Redbeard was barking at him. Tongue hanging out, panting, barking, saying,
“There was someone else in the house,” John explained as they went inside. “I only saw his shoes, though – he was coming down the stairs into the basement when he must have heard me and Muhammad talking and took off. I couldn’t catch him though, he was too fast.”
“Well, I, uh, just came to check that you guys are all right,” Mike said, eyes flicking between the pair. “They can’t find the cause of the power cut, but Lestrade says-” he was interrupted by the lights flickering back on, just on time. “Oh! Well, there you go,” Mike exclaimed. “So, I’m just- I’ve got loads of homework to do, so…”
“Ready?” he asked, but he must have noticed the puzzled look on John’s face, as he added, “For football…?”
“Let’s hope this meeting will be a little more… civil than last time.”
As if on cue, John felt his phone vibrate against his thigh.
“Yes, mum’ll kill her too if she’s here when she gets back.”
John laughed incredulously. “No way!” he exclaimed. “Oh my god,”
His mum nodded.
“What do you want for your birthday, Harry?” asked John. John’s and Harry’s birthdays were just three weeks apart, which had always been chaotic.
“She melted like butter, mate – not even butter; bloody margarine.”
“Oh, just write him a bloody sonnet already, would you, John?”
“Yes, I know. But we heard something about him - someone said he beat someone up,” John said quietly, watching Muhammad’s face. “We heard he broke a kid’s ribs.”
“Sherlock! Get back here!”
The lesson proceeded with the routine distribution of text books, exercise books, notebooks, the dull repetition of lab rules, and the lists of topics they would cover the coming year. About half way through, when the class was quiet, there came muffled shouting from across the hallway outside. The door of their classroom was open, and the class lifted their heads in surprise as their ears were assaulted with a muffled but irate, “Out!”, a door opening, and footsteps on the polished wood floor.
He stood on tip-toes to scan the crowd for a head of dark curls
“I think I must have changed the mode without realising when I was talking to you,” John replied. “And no way am I deleting it.”
“I think we’re just going to have to wait until Bradstreet comes back – or his wife and kids, whoever’s first,” John sighed.
“But what about the mud?” John asked, surprised to find that he had to gather breath to speak.
“Hi, John! Lestrade said you’d be up h- ” came Harry’s voice from behind them. She cut herself off with a noise like she’d just been strangled. John jumped so hard he almost fell off the roof, whipping around to see his younger sister turn away from them to face the window she had just clambered through. “Sorry!”
Content warning for vomiting. To find out how to avoid the grossest bits, go
“Yes, it was.”
He had tried knocking on the door of his house, but Harry must have gone out. He was rummaging in the pockets of his rugby bag when he heard his name being called.
“Right,” he began, putting the mugs on the table next to the milk.
“What?”
“Yes you are! Nearly a year! You’re a baby!” John laughed, reaching up and ruffling Sherlock’s hair. At his protests, he teased, “Sorry, what was that, baby face?”
, Sherlock corrected himself – sighed and thanked him.
Sherlock turned to look at him, and John realised he must have been watching him for a little too long.
John sighed. “Well, then, I suppose I’d better get back behind the desk, then,” he said after a moment.
“A riot is certainly one way to put it,” Sherlock replied, folding his arms. “They had to come back to house early last year, did Mike tell you that? They got kicked out for being drunk. Glen threw up in his bed that night. The dorm reeked for days.”
After a moment, John’s eyes traced a movement that Harry couldn’t see. There was a noise like wood on wood and footsteps, and then all the hardness left her brother’s features. He began walking.
“How can it be unnatural if they’ve found a way to treat it medicinally? You don't seriously believe all that pro-living crap, do you?”
Sherlock was looking at the goal post on their left. Suddenly, he dropped John’s wrist and ran down the short slope to the pitch towards the goal post. John didn’t have to think: he was following before he had made the conscious decision to do so.
And he couldn’t see anyone in Sherlock’s place. Not for a second.
Sherlock studied John. He was breathing shallowly, jaw set, weight on his left leg. He made a conscious decision to relax under Sherlock’s gaze, and explained, “She’s got a work do tonight. Probably won’t come home at all. Stay over at her sleazy boyfriend’s,” John’s face distorted as he pronounced the last word.
. She shook her head to try and clear some of the not-unpleasant fuzziness, straightening up and going to her own room.
“Goodness, I was so anxious that it wouldn’t fit, or that you wouldn’t like it, or...”
John was looking at him. “You’re like some fucked-up vigilante Robin Hood.”
John pressed send; didn't bother saving the new number. His eyes were drawn again to watching the world rush past him outside the taxi window. Or was it him doing the rushing? It was difficult to tell.
“Who isn’t?”
Sherlock’s gaze flicked up to John’s briefly and there was a hesitant smirk there, and John snorted again, then giggled, and fought to keep a straight face but couldn’t, because Sherlock was looking at him again and laughing as well, and they were both laughing to keep themselves from crying, and John put a hand over his mouth, and Sherlock pursed his lips and John whispered, “We shouldn’t be laughing.”
“I do.”
“Christ, you roofied him?” John said, a little too loudly, making the paramedic look up.
“Only because you chose to alienate anyone who – ”
“Seriously,” John continued. “I shouldn’t have left it this late and you shouldn’t have to bear the brunt of my procrasti-”
John smiled into his orange juice. “It’s just that cold that’s going around, Sherlock.”
“Good god, boys,” Mrs Hudson exclaimed, putting down a bowl of salad so she could put her hands on her hips. “You’ve certainly worked up your appetites!”
“Sherlock, the whole reason you’re here is so that you eat,” John reminded him after a couple of mouthfuls.
The two moved into the living room again, but John was in no mood to dance anymore. He flopped onto the sofa, Sherlock joining him. “Don’t get me wrong, they’re great friends when you’re in the mood for them, but they’re kind of… fair weather people.” Sherlock hummed, for once willing to listen, it seemed. “They don’t know about how dad died, just that he did, and – “
is,” he scorned, the words quick and the vowels short.
… oh, the look on his face when he finally did, John, it was priceless.”
“Where do you want to sit?”
“I’ll get it,” said Harry, with a look at John.
’ but Sherlock continued before he could. “I knew she was Sarah’s roommate, that was obvious as well. So there was a reasonable likelihood that she would be trying to find us.”
However, it was not long before the two were landed in detention for disruption – “You’ve got the worst fucking case of back-seat driver syndrome I’ve ever fucking seen, Sherlock, holy
“Why do I go to a therapist?” John finished. He had known this would come up sooner or later.
. He was aware Sherlock was watching him out of the corner of his eye, so he picked up his fork again and scooped up some peas while he took out his phone.
“You were bored? I thought you were dying!”
“A game is no fun if you don’t play fair. Now we can have a proper conversation. Do you know who I am?”
“Yes, but
Mycroft looked at him. The woman stopped texting. Sherlock crossed his arms. A silence fell.
Thirty four.
He didn’t know why he was making himself watch his friend’s distress – he certainly wasn’t enjoying it – but it only confirmed and exacerbated the guilt that had been growing stronger and stronger as the day wore on.
John was laughing as he skated over to Sherlock, who looked rather offended by the whole affair.
“John!”
“There, you’ve seen it now, can we go? This rain isn’t going to stop,” John grumbled.
“Yes. God knows why Viola invited him. To make my evening hellish, I imagine.”
“…this is Dave, I’m sure John’s told you,”
“I don’t think anybody actually likes wine.” John said as he dug the metal of the corkscrew into the cork. “Your family at dinner? Pretending to keep up appearances. I think it’s a government conspiracy. So we’re going to start with vodka.”
“Bye, Sherlock!” John called as Sherlock made his way down the steps into the station.
“None of my business my arse,” he said.
He felt full to bursting.
Sherlock said nothing. Because, of course, Victor was right. The reason Sherlock hated him so much was that his face - his pointy, wretched face - had become the face of his… habit. In his mind palace, Victor sat waiting for him in a room that Sherlock did not construct. He knew that room would never be knocked down; come falling trees or demolition balls it would remain for as long as Sherlock lived. And he hated it.
“Yes, well. That makes sense,” John replied.
For now, he lay still and tried to memorise the way Sherlock’s eyelashes fanned out, dark against the pale of his cheeks.
John smiled at Sherlock. “Shall we?”
“You scared the shit out of me!” he yelled before launching it at the boy. Sherlock ducked as the pillow went sailing over his head and thudded lamely into the wall above Sherlock’s bed.
“They’re massive,” he said, tone filled with awe.
John rubbed the back of his head, sore and smarting, closed the window, and began to unpack.
“The person you nearly sacrificed your phone and/or dignity for,” Mike clarified, and John was suddenly aware that although other conversations had broken out, people were listening to his and Mike’s.
“Okay, Sherlock,” John said in a voice he hoped was soothing.
“See, Sherlock likes to think he’s better than the police,” John explained. “More accurate, quicker, better dressed – ”
“Now, don’t forget your Ps and Qs.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him, but couldn’t muster up the willpower to reply.
“Is that a yes?” John insisted.
“It’s just snow. The most inconvenient of precipitation. Nightmare for transportation.”
“Good. I’d have to have a word with him if you hadn’t,” she replied, and John, surprised, laughed.
through?”
Both boys hadn’t turned their heads out of the water to breathe in at least half a length, and there were five metres to go, four metres, three…
It was one last thought of John that pushed, unbidden, into his mind that stayed his hand for a moment. John, laughing with him against the wall, with a bloody hand, with him, not two hours ago, with him, with him, with –
“The most scared I have ever been in my life,” John said quietly.
“Would you go to the library and get out a book for me?”
He did as Mike had instructed the day before and had a shower before the majority of the other boys got up, and in doing so, discovered that Doyle was at its most agreeable when no-one was awake. It was dark in most parts of the old house, and tranquil, and there was something about being awake when most of other people were dead to the world, still dreaming for a few precious more minutes. Until the rising bell rang out as John made his way back to room twenty-one with wet hair, ear-splitting in the peace.
Sherlock looked at the dining table. Six people. He felt as if he was in an embrace, sitting there. He felt as if he was part of a hastily-assembled family of sorts. The Watsons and their satellites.
And then her mother turned, and Harry turned, conversation with Lestrade broken off, and John was running towards them, as best he could through the throng.
Harry crept up the stairs and peered into her mum’s bedroom. It was empty.
“I think he knocked him out and gave him some of whatever memory potion is affecting me.”
After the ceremony ended, John grabbed Sherlock’s arm as the pupils began to move towards the exits. At his friend’s quizzical expression, John tugged him in the direction of the year eights. They followed the children out of the hall, eyes flickering through the mass of bodies, looking for the smallest of them all. It was John who spotted him, who took off after him across the road, and Sherlock ran after him.
implied
“But this is the first time you’ve been sick since you began to feel ill?”
John got into bed and settled, facing outwards towards the rest of the room. His thumb hovered over the send button on his next text. It wasn’t quite an ‘I miss you’, but it was close enough to make him hesitate. He sent it anyway.
John snorted.
“I can’t imagine John just… living here,” Mrs Watson whispered, and Harry knew what she meant.
“Don’t be a pussy, John,” Pete teased. “I’m sure Mary’d be pleased to see you after all this time.”
“I am going to teach you the great art of hot chocolate,” John said, getting two mugs from a cupboard that was a little too high up for him.
Once they were both ready, they made their way to the front door. Sherlock put a gloved hand on the handle, pushed down, and pulled.
“Oh my god,” Vlad gasped.
Sherlock sighed. “She was standing by the French windows. She kept looking over at us, and then she caught my eye and began to walk over and I’m pretty sure she was going to ask me to dance so I just…”
The clapping that ensued seemed to go on forever, and, for Sherlock’s sake, John wished the whole ordeal would hurry up and be over with.
“Never,” Sherlock replied, grinning at his friend.
sound insane. Why would you believe me?”
So, on that first night, he slipped out of bed, out of the house, out – into the night. He picked the lock of the library door – a job which would take him seconds now, but then, his fingers were almost numb by the time he stepped over the threshold.
“Because you deserve some recognition.”
Nobody had said anything to Sherlock during registration. His form tutor, an elderly man who Sherlock didn’t know, had done a double take upon seeing him, but had quickly looked away.
John thought as the train came into the station.
kind, that I didn’t know what to say to do them justice. I know now that I should have said thank you. From the bottom of my heart, thank you.”
“No, we are fairly certain he is not,” Sherlock continued swiftly. “But we will have no way to prove it if we do not speak to him before the others do, and that would result in one of your prized props being almost immediately expelled – not a good thing for the big match next week, I should think.”
He turned his attention away from the window that looked onto the rugby pitch and went back to scanning the spines of the books nestled in their shelves. He had already been in the library for most of the afternoon, needing a change of scenery from his and John’s room. His scouring of the internet for substances with amnesiac potencies had been half-hearted at best, but the case of the girl in the san, Angelica, of the week before, was still niggling away in a corner of his mind. If could, of course, have had some genetic or biological cause, but something about it had felt very wrong.
“Aha,” John said, moving behind the desk and wiggling the mouse to wake the computer up. “What’s your name?”
“And what does your roommate think of them?”
The boy, the fly half, Harry had called him, an upper sixth from Tolkein, stood behind the ball, looking at it and the goal.
John pushed his way to the paint, dipping his two middle fingers in the blue and his two index fingers in the maroon. He carefully made his way back to Sherlock, who was looking like he would have rather been anywhere but there.
“Holy shit – “ John burst into laughter, making Sherlock jump a little.
“Oh. It was nothing,” John said.
“Jeannette,” he said.
“Ugh, let’s not get all soppy, yeah? Teach me how to say cunt in French.”
The activity on the other end of the bench was becoming more and more vigorous, so he got up and walked towards the edge of the platform.
“A couple of horses,” John answered for him. He wasn’t going to let Sherlock use conversation as an excuse to otherwise occupy his mouth.
“You didn’t tell me that,” he said.
,” John replied, if only to keep the conversation going.
“What do you mean you can’t come down? Do what?”
“A bit after we came back from the October half term holiday, Sherlock disappeared again. It was nothing to worry about. He’d done this countless times before. But when the five-day mark came around, I texted Molly. He’d never been gone this long before. We agreed that he was probably fine. But something was nagging at me in the back of my head. I stood under his hatch for hours, that night, until I was swaying on my feet and falling asleep where I stood.
“Not paying me any attention when I speak to you!” John exclaimed, exasperated. At this, Sherlock at last turned around in his chair. He crossed one leg over the other and laced his hands together, one arm resting on the back of the chair in a projection of complete nonchalance. His face was cold, however; features neutral and eyes unblinking. There was something about the set of the mouth that reminded John of someone, but he couldn’t put his finger on whom.
He jumped down and unpacked the rest of his things into his wardrobe and chest of drawers. He discovered a full-length mirror on the inside of the door of his wardrobe and two plug sockets in the wall behind his desk.
?” John inquired smugly.
“The deadline’s next week?” John exclaimed, peering at the paper pinned to the noticeboard. “You could have given me a little more warning, Mike, Jesus.”
“This can’t go on, Sherlock,” he said. “That big brain of yours, so brilliant, and you’re wasting it.”
bi?” John’s face must have done something, because Mike gasped. “
“John…” one of them, God Staunton, said. “What the fuck?”
“Bonne nuit, Sherlock.”
Sherlock turned around. “I just didn’t take you for such a patriot, is all.”
“What do you think?” John whispered.
And the memory slapped John across the back of the head.
“Bed?” John asked softly.
“I’m not suicidal.”
After Sherlock had declined John’s offer of jam and had, under his watchful eye, eaten his fair share of toast, the pair went upstairs and silently changed – Sherlock out of the clothes he’d worn the day before and slept in and John out of his pyjamas – and John let Sherlock remain shrouded in his own thoughts until they rounded a corner and Frank house came into view.
“It was funny,” John said, “but nothing seems to have happened because of my slip-up, so hopefully we’re okay.”
“She’s a way in to Shelley. I was convinced Sally’s odd little episode with Anderson and that little girl who vomited in the san are all linked to Carl somehow, and now, I suppose, we know that to be the case… You don’t think I actually liked her, did you?”
The rest of Harry’s sentence was cut off by a slam as John yanked the living room door shut behind him.
The headmaster waddled down from his podium as the congregation of pupils and staff in the assembly hall stood. Once he and the heads of school had left, the rest of the school filtered out, off to their first lessons of the day. The hundred-or-so lower sixth gathered in the middle block of seating as Mr Carter took his place, not at the podium on the stage, but just in front of the pupils.
John felt Sherlock’s eyes follow him out.
John walked back from the kitchen, a glass of probably out of date squash in his hand. He poked his head around the door of the ward.
“I can’t hear you!” John shouted, loud enough that a few boys turned around to look at them.
“Mainly. Lyrics are distracting.” Sherlock replied. “Plus Mycroft went through a punk phase when he was my age and that is something I do not want becoming a family tradition.”
Sherlock was lying on his back in bed. He was surprisingly tired, but was keeping himself awake by trawling through the latest edition of an online scientific journal on his phone.
“What exactly did you say?” John asked, remembering the times his old friends had tried ‘apologising’ to girls and failed spectacularly.
Something was wrong.
” He repeated. “All things happen for a reason.”
The centrepiece was a photograph of the Watsons when John must have been no older than ten. It was a typical family photo, Mr and Mrs Watson sitting cross-legged, Harry on Mr Watson’s lap, John on his mother’s. Harry had fewer freckles then, and longer hair, plaited sweetly in two long braids that were tied with small bows at their ends – a marked contrast to the choppy bob that she wore these days. Jo’s face was rounder, less noticeably made-up. Mr Watson looked almost uncannily like John, the same dirty blond hair, a little darker than his son’s, the same smile, full of mirth and warmth. His hands were as Sherlock had hypothesised, clasped around his daughter’s stomach. John had inherited them. But it was John that Sherlock couldn’t look away from – there was something decidedly… interesting about seeing this younger version of his friend, his small features serious, those eyes the same blue as the ones waiting for him in the kitchen. Sherlock all of a sudden felt a strange and vague wistfulness, an almost-nostalgia that he didn’t want to try to understand.
“Nope. Answerphone.” He put on a high voice. “
They took the left branch of the staircase when it split, and followed it round until it levelled off onto a landing and they were facing the front of the house again. They turned right into a corridor that led them down past a couple of open doors until Sherlock stopped by the only closed one.
And he took three steps, planted his feet, and skidded about six feet before coming to a lurching halt. He turned back to Sherlock, and the joy in his expression made Sherlock’s face feel as if it were about to split with the smile it brought.
“Tu ne t'intéresses pas au sexe?” John continued, shuffling closer towards Sherlock.
“That charm, on Eliza’s bracelet. It’s a pendant from a necklace.”
”, some “
“You’ve got tomorrow,” Mike replied. “And basically nobody else from house is entering, so you’re kind of our only hope, mate.”
Sherlock put on his best nonchalant face.
“Medical emergency for me. Plain misbehaviour for you,”
He could see every muscle fibre in Sherlock’s irises. They were pulling his pupils wide.
“John Hamish Watson.”
“It can’t be much different from a dissection,” Sherlock copied John’s lead and began rolling up his sleeves.
“You okay?”
John furrowed his brows, thinking. “I told them you were in the playing in the house ensemble, but I suppose I mustn’t have specified what.”
Sure enough, once they had got back to Sherlock’s room, John said,
John sighed and shifted where he was leaning against the wall outside his and Sherlock’s room. Harry’s voice came crackling down the phone, saturated with barely-contained laughter.
A mixture of responses came to mind – most of them involving class-A drugs. However, Sherlock didn’t think that John would smile upon that request. What was the correct answer here? The bland ‘
“Yeah, that’s – that’s a good deduction,” John muttered sarcastically.
Sherlock tried not to think about that.
(See the end of the chapter for
John whirled around to the source of the noise - a teacher striding towards them through the darkness. Or, towards John alone, because Sherlock had taken off running, disappearing into the night.
“Of course.” His friend replied quietly. “Which is why it’s so…” he trailed off, making a vague gesture with a hand.
As soon as the drinks were in his hands, he followed the sound of the Herald vendors as they shouted about their wares up and down the sidelines.
Sherlock hummed his agreement. “
“You asked me to file this,” John said, holding up Carl’s papers.
“None of your business. I have to go,” Sherlock replied under his breath, making to walk away again, but Victor held fast.
,” Sherlock added, and John understood, even with his rudimentary French, that Sherlock was trying to butter up the latter option.
“Yeah. I know, it’s just, that’s how I feel sometimes.”
Greg frowned. “I want to be a policeman when I’m older,”
Seb frowned at him. “God? Yeah, he - ”
Sherlock was sitting on the end of the bed, watching him as
“Yeah,” John said. “Yeah, it was great.”
Sherlock had a small mole on his neck. John was watching the low light fall across the curves of his skin before it disappeared below his collar. As usual, Sherlock had the top couple of buttons undone, revealing a triangle of skin that tapered down from his…
“Was it, like, a pity fuck, then?” Glen said.
“He can’t be that important if I haven’t heard of him,” Sherlock reasoned.
“Like a - like a promposal?” John asked, incredulous.
“Sherlock,” John said softly.
), so he turned back to the paper on the floor in front of him.
“John?” he mumbled.
“Watson! Phone away!” barked Gregson. John felt his cheeks redden slightly and apologised, returning his attention to the man in front of him. “On a final note,” Gregson was saying, “I’m sure you will all be thrilled to hear that tickets for the spring ball will be available tomorrow from Edward van Coon.” John felt the boys’ ears prick up. Gregson continued with details of the price and the charity the ball’s profits would go towards, but John was distracted by the restless energy being exchanged through the boys around him - glances, nudges in the side, snickering. “And please,” finished Gregson, “note that a repeat of last year will result in indiscriminate, immediate, prolonged gating for all of you. Mr Lestrade wants me to be very clear on that point. Understood?” The boys fell silent. “Understood?” he repeated.
Which it did, in due course, but John didn’t like the new vein of conversation much better.
“What’s that supposed to mean? Who are you?”
“It’s no good!” exclaimed Sherlock, getting up and resuming his pacing once again. John knew better than to ask what, exactly, was ‘no good’, but instead realised what he had been staring unseeingly at. Hanging on the outer bedpost of Sherlock’s bunk was a human skull, wearing a pair of black and red Beats headphones. Why hadn’t he noticed it before? He didn’t know whether to laugh or be very deeply disturbed.
On his way up the stairs, John felt his phone vibrate. It was an Instagram notification - not of
“I wouldn’t know.” Sherlock looked away again. “But from what I hear, sometimes love makes people do terrible things.”
Sherlock frowned at him. “Why?”
John was standing very close to the girl, Sawyer, Sarah Sawyer. His back was to the door, their faces were close, his hands on her hips. There were two mugs of hot chocolate resting on the countertop next to them. Sherlock could see the girl’s smile drop away as her eyes flicked from John’s to Sherlock in the doorway. After a pause, John caught on and turned around. His face showed recognition, query, then annoyance.
“You should have seen the look on his face when Nadia hugged him, it was priceless,” John laughed, grinning at a tight-lipped Sherlock.
The kids behind them fell silent as the shout reverberated around the room. John could feel eyes on his back. Sherlock slotted their hands together again and tugged lightly.
Lestrade beckoned him out, giving John a look as he closed the door behind Sherlock.
“Let’s go.”
John felt his cheeks burn and his heart race but he was sick of his mother’s ignorance and all he could think about was James and his own father and he wanted to be sick.
“Mike,” he said as they squeezed their way through the crowd to Doyle. “Where are the girls?”
Harry slapped the side. Karim’s voice, screaming, “Go, Sherlock! GO!”
He first tried the rooms of the lower sixth – “Have you seen Sherlock?” – which turned up nothing. The door to the attic was padlocked shut. The common room was full of noise and people. A call to Sherlock’s mobile went straight to the answer machine –
“We’ll see.”
“Oh, really? Well, thank you,” John said, taken aback. “I had thought about it, yeah, I just don’t know if - ”
A low chuckling came from behind Charlie’s hands, raised to shield his face. “My goodness, John,” he was saying. “I’ve really been bothering you, haven’t I?”
“What about him?”
“Sherlock.” His roommate looked up from where he had been studying the carpet. “Why are you here?”
“Surprisingly so.”
He opened his mouth to say goodnight, but had an idea.
“Yeah,” Claus agreed. “Oh my god – was it Sherlock?”
Jamie shrugged. “He was a kid, not a saint.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John crouched and rested his elbows on his knees for a moment. “Maybe walking all this way on an empty stomach wasn’t such a great idea.”
John was so caught up on Sherlock’s
“Where’s mum?”
Sherlock turned around, ignoring John’s questioning expression. As they walked away, Sherlock stared straight ahead, avoiding John’s eyes.
“I’m quite comfy here, actually,” he said, and he again heard laughter, but this time in his favour, giving him the courage to feign nonchalance. “Thanks, though.”
Mrs Turner nodded once, and just as she turned to go to the machine, John felt Sherlock press himself against his side and add,
“Richie, it’s me, John,” John said. “From - from - ”
He hadn’t meant to say Jeannette. He had opened his mouth with the intention of telling the truth with a long-suffering expression –
“She’s still angry about the ball,” Sherlock said. “Come and look at this suit. What do you think?”
At the gates of John's old school, John said goodbye to Harry and Clara. Harry duly pretended to be embarrassed, and John waved as she joined a pack of her friends. He was surprised to find seeing the place again provoked no emotion in him.
He finished tying his laces and stood, gazing blankly out of the window at the grey sky as he slid his waterproof jacket on, brain on autopilot.
As the sun poked its head above the horizon and tinted the sky lilac, John had found what he hoped was all of his roommate’s supplies. Some had been in his wash bag in the bathroom, some had been in their room. A few needles, a few powders, mainly liquids. Now they all sat on the floor in a semi-circle, with John in the middle, wondering what to do with them.
“I’ve already done two of them,” he explained. “Well, nearly. I’ll polish them later. This is the third.”
After a moment, he continued.
“Four minutes to go!” someone said, and the dancers began to disband and crowd towards the television.
“I think so,” Sherlock said, reaching behind him and bringing forward the mirror for John.
Sherlock raised his mug in agreement, before putting the rim to his lips. He watched John knock his head back and drink the liquid in one go, grimacing. Sherlock took a breath and opened his mouth.
John cringed. Sherlock had a point. His and Anderson’s history was long and sour, and everything had seemed so calm lately that John had almost forgotten. “I’m sorry. You’re right.”
They came out into the courtyard as they had that afternoon. Their footsteps echoed harshly as they turned around.
The interior of the hall didn’t match what John had imagined before he’d seen the house. It was large, yes, but not impersonally so. There were candles and wreathes everywhere, old chairs and rugs and even a chaise longue. The colour scheme was just dark enough to take the edge off the grandeur of the place and make it feel a little more comfortable, but John had no doubt that this house would be worth millions if the Holmeses were to sell it.
, was one thing.
The referee walked onto the pitch and raised his hand, looking at his watch, and then – three long, high notes. The game was over.
“Thirdly, best vocal technicality. We understand not all of you can be gospel choristers, but there was one house which really went for it in terms of ambitious harmonies and some difficult long notes, and in the end managed to maintain a high level of ability throughout. Commiserations to Kay, whose rendition of
He heard the sound of the front door opening above his head and a brief, muted conversation. John was concentrating so hard on the rope and on trying to work out what was being said that he almost didn’t notice when Muhammad made a small sound. The boy was drowsily trying to open his eyes.
She sighed that long-suffering sigh of hers, said his name disapprovingly, splitting it into two syllables in the way only she did,
“Yes.”
“This phone call. It was my note.”
“I could.”
“You could have asked one of your old friends,” Sherlock pointed out.
“Oh - sorry.”
John wondered what Sherlock thought about. And how he thought. Did Sherlock always see his Mind Palace? Did he see himself walking around it like one would see a video game character as it moved through a universe, or did he see himself as he did in real life – glimpses in mirrors, his feet if he looked down? Then the thought struck him – did Sherlock have an imaginary John in his imaginary palace? Just as John could recall Sherlock’s face to mind when he pleased, Sherlock would be able to do the same, but knowing Sherlock, that would not be the limit. What did imaginary John do in that Mind Palace? Just sit around and wait for Sherlock to come home? Or did imaginary John come and go as he pleased? Did imaginary John have free will, or was he simply there to reflect Sherlock’s thoughts back to him?
“John.” Sherlock interrupted, so quietly and with such reluctance that John immediately cut off. “I may throw up. All over you.”
. It’s about M telling us the game is coming to an end. The pets, the circles.”
She waffled for a few minutes about ‘the wonderful array of talent’ on display, and Sherlock felt like shaking her and telling her to hurry up. For John’s sake, he wanted the whole ordeal to hurry up and be over with.
your birthday?”
They stood in silence a moment, Sherlock using a wet flannel to scrub the drying black stains from his lower face and neck.
nicotine patches?”
John heaved a sigh and went back into the common room, Sherlock behind.
He went to play some music, and found the album that John had played earlier still open on Sherlock’s Spotify. He hovered over one of his own playlists, but eventually clicked on the first track of the album. He still didn’t like it much, so he skipped through a few, but when he finished his report, he waited for the song that was playing to finish before he closed his laptop and climbing into bed.
As soon as he’d sent it, however, he realised what he’d done. He hadn’t even thought about it when he’d added the kiss, it had just happened. He stared at the text – sent, received, and now, read. What if that crossed some sort of boundary for Sherlock? What if that altered something?
He was going to clutch onto the edges of the sink and he was not going to be sick. He was going to fill the kettle and he was not going to be sick. He was going to put two teabags into two mugs and he was going to pour the boiling water over them and he was not going to be sick. Milk in both, two sugars for Sherlock – keep him going – take out the tea bags and back to their room.
“Right,” he said suddenly, turning to face his roommate, “time to admit it. We are thoroughly stuck.”
“I’ve missed you, Harry,” John folded her into his arms. She was one of the few people he was taller than, and she felt comfortingly solid.
“Your dog?”
“Come on, John,” Sherlock said, tapping John’s arm as he spun on his heels. “A little walk to build appetite never hurt.”
, John,” Sherlock exclaimed, feeling the skin of his mouth burning and wiping his face with the back of his hand. “I didn’t even mean to spit it out,”
“Uh, sorry,” John cut in. “So you actually do worry about him?”
“What’s up?” Sally asked from above them. They ignored her while Sherlock placed his hand on the furry body. John watched him. After a moment, Sherlock looked back at John and nodded.
The two boys seemed to have the same idea at the same moment, as they both scrambled to their feet and in one stride were bent over the tiny kitchen sink, pressed together and feeling each other heave the contents of his mouth down the drain.
“Right, sure,” said John.
The driveway was impossible to tell from the garden – the snow had fallen so thickly as to make the ground all one level. John’s feet sank a good two inches into it before finding purchase on the earth. He jogged a little to catch up with Sherlock, shoving his gloved hands into his pockets.
“Oh, sorry!” John exclaimed, bending down to rub Sherlock’s foot, hearing his friend laugh. He got up again, and it took conscious effort not to fall over. “My fave sexy Beyoncé song, though, is even better than this. Give me one second.”
With perfect timing and precision, Sherlock began to play; the staccato notes accurate, the longer ones sliding effortlessly from the instrument. Seeing as there was no drum kit in the house, Ben Ten had the music open on his knees and struck imaginary drums with two pencils. Eddie’s fingers danced over the keys, The Hulk played a couple of wrong notes on his banjo, and by the bridge of the song, John found himself whistling along.
“Sarah, I can’t believe this, but I have to go. Something’s come up, and-“
The rest of the expression went unsaid. It was a small, shared, silent secret between the two of them in the darkness. A small, shared, silent admission, suspended between their beds.
The head of Doyle stood up from his seat on the sofa, threading a hand nervously through his dark hair.
John was confused about so many things he didn’t know where to start. “What?”
John brushed a hand over his face, gave him another questioning look, and when Sherlock nodded, moved his attention away once more to the stalls they were passing.
“What, really?” Vlad said, and Eric punched him. “But, seriously?”
, YouTube comments,
He stumbled down from his bed and padded to the door. The corridor was silent. John shuffled down it as quietly as he could, careful not to disturb the peace of his friends as they slept just a few feet away on either side of him. He wondered what they were dreaming of, if they were dreaming at all. Wondered if anyone had nightmares as he did. Wondered if any of them would be able to deduce the origins of his, or would remind him of their transience each time he woke up sobbing into his pillow. Or would they pretend they hadn’t heard? How many would think less of him if they knew?
“That we’re going to have PDS kids coming back to school next week.”
Sherlock didn’t reply, but John didn’t need him to to know he was listening.
“You’ve wasted your money,” Sherlock said after John held up the two tickets he’d bought from Eddie.
on the house’s old and much-abused Wii.
“Maths.”
“Sherlock!” John exclaimed, turning to face him. Sherlock avoided his eyes. “We have to talk.”
He couldn’t.
After a while, Sherlock’s high began to wear off. He became less frantic, but more reclusive inside himself, and John became no less worried as a result.
“This – is – so – impractical,” Sherlock panted.
“Sherlock, your brother and I were just chatting,” Viola said, her voice as clear and prickly as shattered glass. “We were thinking, on New Year’s Eve, why not have a little get-together? Invite some friends, some old, some new, catch up, entertain, ring in the new year. What do you think?”
John could see something flicker over Glen’s face at that.
“Yes, but I wasn’t paying attention.”
Where to watch the documentary ('Harrow: A Very British School') -
John remained in the common room for the duration of the meeting, washing up miscellaneous bits of crockery that had been left in the sink, and tried to eavesdrop on the conversation. It seemed one of the upper sixth, a muscular creature named Harry, was doling out races to the other boys. Sherlock had a discussion that bordered on argument with a year eleven to get a particular position in a relay, but, other than that, remained surprisingly civil throughout, which John was thankful for.
Sherlock sighed and lowered his gun. “Fine. But you do the same.” He flicked the safety on, crouched, placed the gun on the tiles, and kicked it, sending it skittering off towards a pile of woggles. Seeing the red beams vanish, he stood again. “Thank you.”
“My brother can pack for me,” Sherlock mumbled, crossing something out.
“No - ” John cursed himself. “No, that’s not - I’m not accusing you of anything.”
Sherlock nodded, then turned away. “I wonder where Kitty got her information.”
“He got thousands of letters, emails, messages, all saying how he was responsible, how he was better off dead, how he should have died along with those babies, how the sender was going to murder him in his sleep. So he deleted his Facebook, changed his number, moved house. The hate mail died down a lot, but he still got it, and probably still does, even to this day. So that’s why you won’t find him online.”
“I don’t know what you’re expecting to find in here,” Angelo grumbled.
“Yes,” John replied, and was confused at the looks upon his friends’ faces. “Because he was one of my closest friends.” There was little change in the expressions of his peers, so he sighed. “If you assume that every gay person has ulterior motives with you, then I can assure you that no gay person has ulterior motives with you because you’re a prick.”
Sherlock waved as John pulled him away from the front door and down the path. Harry and Clara, in their rolled-up school skirts and with their swinging pony-tails, were several metres in front of them.
“Louis?” John whispered, then once more to make certain. The boy didn’t stir. John smiled.
Sherlock didn’t seem best pleased about this, but he caught John’s eye and then something in his expression changed. And a smile began to grow on his features.
“You don’t care about exams.”
- a short but accurate overview of the English education system. I had to annotate because some of it was out of date/wrong - also a lot of it
“Because I assumed you were bi.”
His breaths were beginning to quicken once more as Sherlock pulled back his head. John’s face broke down again as the tears flowed anew and his body was racked with violent shaking.
“At least I won’t look like a mushroom.”
How about the clothes? There was a whitish stain on the jumper, right in the middle. Toothpaste seemed the most likely explanation – maybe he’d rushed his exit from home this morning. When the man turned his head, John could see smudges all over the glasses as they caught the light. The ends of the man’s coat sleeves were discoloured from years of stains.
There was a pause. Harry and Clara exchanged looks. John discreetly kicked his sister in the shin with his heel, and with a grunt, she pulled Clara away, back into the lounge, leaving Sherlock and John alone.
She quickly looked away just in case he saw her prematurely. Her heart gave a little skip – she hadn’t realised how much she’d missed him.
Sherlock looked at her. “What did he look like when he was dying? The dog?”
They chose a café where they could sit and see over the balcony onto the floor below so that Sherlock could people-watch. In the queue, they argued over who wanted the last panini more, but stopped when they heard the old couple behind them laughing at them. John let Sherlock have it and picked a baguette instead. The barista’s smile was a little too friendly when she was serving Sherlock, and John had a hard time not laughing as it gradually faded as Sherlock blatantly ignored her attempts at flirting with him.
Their efforts were in vain, however, as they watched over the banister of the stairs as Lestrade came out of his house and marched into the common room. They listened as the year nines got shouted at for not being in bed, and Mike’s guffaws were infectious. Seconds later, the younger boys scuttled out of the common room with their tails between their legs. They ran up the stairs, urgently mouthing, “Go, go!” as Lestrade strode out after them.
Both Clara and Dave joined the Watsons for dinner that night, their little dining table fuller than it had been for a long time. Harry and Clara had come home a few minutes later than Mrs Watson and Dave had, their loud laughter filling the house, bursting with energy after having celebrated the end of their term for a few hours on the ice rink that popped up annually in their local shopping centre.
Then his phone vibrated with a text.
“Hey,” she replied.
,” John spat, stopping in his tracks. “Why didn’t you remind me earlier?”
Glen scowled at Claus, who kissed the note and put it in his own pocket. “We had a bet on you being gay, and I just lost.”
After a moment, Sherlock said, “Right. I’ll teach you front crawl first, that’s the easiest.”
His mother and Harry had repainted the bathroom, a light shade of pink. There was a new brand of cereal in their kitchen cupboard, a new kettle on the counter. The Christmas decorations were already up, the tree glittering in the living room.
music, over a minute of it, just for him. And now he felt like an idiot for being so impatient about his present, when the real thing was the most beautiful thing he’d ever heard.
“Harry. Stop.” Her mother said, as gently as she ever said anything, which these days was not so much gentle as firm but not angry. “Thank you for saying sorry. Now let’s forget all about it because I for one need something to drink.”
“Piss off, Victor,” Sherlock tried to tug his arm away, but Victor’s grip was vice-like, and Sherlock could feel the man’s nails through his coat.
“What, word for fucking word?”
“Mor – “ Sherlock yawned. “…Morning.”
John huffed. “Don’t be stupid.”
, he thought, feeling heat rise to his cheeks.
He began to think about dates that Sherlock could come over, and things they could do, and was still lightly pondering the subject when his phone buzzed.
“Never have I ever walked in on my parents having sex.” Eric, Vlad.
The high would come in about twenty minutes – no; less, he didn’t have any food inside him – and there was no way Sherlock was sticking around sober, or in any state of intoxication at all, really. He managed to free himself from Victor’s clutches.
Sherlock sighed. “What do we have?”
“What do you want, Harry?”
“Nearly midnight.”
John got up and waited for Sherlock to do the same. Which he eventually did.
“Yes, obviously,” Sherlock sighed. “Think about it. There’s only a week to go until the end of term, and he’s been very busy wrapping me around his finger, and then Angelo appears, a boy in Dickens - and if everything happens for a reason, there’s no way any of this is coincidence. So, Dickens, Bradstreet, his dead pets. Some sort of sign, some sort of tease. But,” he bit his lip, “I did not expect Staunton to be anything more than an easy lure to get our attention.”
“Nah, I’ll leave it ‘til the morning.”
“What are you doing?” John asked, but his friend’s attention had been caught by something and he ignored him. He bent down and used two fingers to probe at the Guinea pig. After a moment, he straightened up and beckoned John over.
“Right,” Eddie said. “I have the sheet music here, um, banjo – ” The Hulk took the booklet. “Drums, Ben – “ the skinny Year Nine took his booklet. “Bass is for Eric, there you go, saxophone is for Marco, and violin is Sherlock.”
“I thought you said that – ”
The fruits of the morning’s hurried activity were evident upon stepping out of Lestrade’s kitchen and into his garden. Caterers lined one wall, a large barbecue filling the air with mouthwatering smells and a table of champagne sparkling in the sunshine. John watched as Claus reached for a glass but was stopped by Lestrade saying something about only the upper sixth and parents.
John and Sherlock went into the kitchen. Despite the lingering smile resting on John’s face, Sherlock noticed that he was treading lightly on the sticky linoleum flooring, eyes flicking to the ceiling –
The eye and Big Ben were lit up, glowing against the night sky, and John smiled.
“Yes, sir?”
“She’s not - I was just saying that it has to happen at some point tonight; it’s Sherlock’s first ever sleepover and I’m making sure he covers all the basics,”
“Powder? Yes?”
John glanced at the books spread on the table where the boy had evidently just been sitting. One was open on a page filled with diagrams of mountains and the other was closed, the words ‘AS Level Sport Science’ in large lettering on its cover.
“I know you would have, but not all of humanity has the pleasure of being freakishly fast texters like you.”
“As have I,” Sherlock replied, only half joking.
. And - and something about you being a man of few words. Or, a child of few words. Very few.”
John lifted the flap of shirt and inspected the bruising on Sherlock’s stomach. He pressed and prodded, noting when Sherlock reacted and when he didn’t.
“Hey mum, hey Dave,” John shouted from the kitchen, and the two adults replied in like manner.
“What is ‘never have I ever’?” Vlad asked.
“Who are they?”
Between his own heavy breaths, he could hear something else. Coming from the farthest end of the room. Like paper rustling –
“Oh, it was hardly spying, you were standing directly below a security camera. Tsk, tsk, baby brother, you slipped up."
Sherlock had not spoken to John about his feelings about the exam in conjunction with his nausea and his forgetfulness. He seemed serene, looking lazily over the restless heads of their classmates. John turned to him.
“Let’s go home, John. I think you’ve made your point.”
“I hear you set a new record for yourself by pissing off your teacher in just twenty five minutes this morning,” prompted John with a smirk.
Something passed over Sherlock’s face at that.
“Jeanette?”
The bus took him out of the town via some increasingly dark country roads, winding through the fields until the lights of a small village became visible up ahead, a sanctuary in the night that equally comforted and worried John, for reasons he didn’t try to understand.
“Maybe it didn’t mean anything at all, Sherlock,” John would reply, regretting bringing it up and banishing Sherlock’s good mood.
He wondered about Sarah. About whether they would meet up again. About why Sherlock had used their kiss as a counter-attack. He was too tired to come to any even semi-solid conclusions about her, except that she probably wouldn’t want to see him again. Which was fair enough, seeing as a certain roommate seemed set on ruining every date they went on, and they were pretty piss poor excuses for dates anyway. He was too tired to be upset just yet.
“Take
“Eh, whatever,” John said, straightening up and opening the bag. “Sure you’re sure?” he teased, offering the bag to Sherlock, who felt himself smile.
Sherlock had returned home with heavy carrier bags digging into the skin of his palms. He took them upstairs to his room and emptied them onto his bed, stationery and clothing in a large pile.
John couldn’t breathe. Half a length to go and Sherlock was neck and neck, again, with the boy from Dickens. Doyle was pressing forwards, almost crushing him against the barrier, but John barely felt it.
“Now, I know this dog didn’t belong to any of the people in this room, but he - and he’s a he, Sherlock, not an it - belonged to the family who live through that door,”
"Wait," John said, tugging Sherlock's arm as he began to stride away. Sherlock turned back, annoyed. "How are we going to make sure Lottie's safe? Just getting Mrs Turner fired won't do anything, Lottie still has to live with the woman, and now she'll be more irate than ever."
A silence fell. He felt the atmosphere chill, and Eric lifted his head off his shoulder, sitting up. Everyone was suddenly wide awake.
“We ain’t seen you in ages, mate, come on.”
“That
John was about to read out the responses when the door to the corridor opened and Lestrade strode through, stopping short when he saw the boys sitting on the floor grinning up at him.
“So are you gay or what? What do you parents think having two queers for offspring, huh?”
“Well, I just – ”
And then stopped wondering.
If someone had told him on the day that he had received that first text that, just under four months later, he would be on a train in a blazer bought for him by the sender of that message, on the way to the sender’s house, voluntarily and with a bouquet of flowers for the sender’s aunt, he would have laughed in their face. But sitting on that train in that blazer with those flowers… it felt like the most natural thing in the world.
John sat down next to Mike, sinking a little too far into the sofa to be comfortable. He laughed. “Weirdly, no,” he said.
John reached room twenty-one. Put a hand on the door. Anger would not work. Calmed himself. A little. Not much. Not at all, really. He entered.
John shifted his weight from one foot to the other as his sister trod the floor above their heads.
“And I would like to give special mention, of course, to the musicians – and especial special mention to Sherlock bloody Holmes for scaring us all half to death by ignoring our instructions completely – lengthening the intro and strutting about like a cockerel, dear god.”
“Late!” barked Gregson from the sofa.
Sherlock whipped out his phone and began tapping at the screen. “With which teacher?”
“So… why… are you… here?” John said after a long moment of silence. “Unless you just like watching people handle their own dirty underwear.”
For being so famously antisocial, Sherlock seemed quite happy to answer John's questions, John thought.
Stamford’s face cracked into a smile and he laughed, which gave the others the cue that they could do the same. John breathed an internal sigh of relief.
John glanced at Mike, who raised his eyebrows.
“It’s gorgeous, mum, thank you,” he grinned, as his mum got up and walked over to him. She hugged him briefly, before stepping back and running her eyes over the coat.
“Do you still have the nightmares?”
“What?” Sherlock asked, carefully inserting the last pin. John thumbed the ridged dial gently – the film didn’t need to be wound. Perfect.
“What cat?” Harry asked.
“Neurogenesis.” Sherlock added. “It artificially stimulates the growth of glial cells, which are vital for proper brain function and neurotransmitter growth.”
John finished painting the stem and the heads of the pins, using up a good handful of the small bottles of nail varnish in the process. He had no idea why Harry had so many – something to do with her and Clara and a meticulously planned practical joke that never came to be. He felt a little light-headed from the fumes, but Sherlock didn’t seem to have noticed how noxious the air had become –
“Um – “
“But why would someone want to kill their own pet?” Percy piped up from where he was curled in an arm chair in the corner of the room. John had forgotten he was in there.
NB: a maintenance loan is an amount of money students in the UK are given by the government in addition to a tuition loan to help them through university. The minimum amount is measly and the vast majority of students have to supplement their loan with their own (or their family’s) savings. It becomes a debt which is repaid once you earn a certain amount post-uni. It is a system nowhere near as cruel as, for example, the American system, but it nevertheless racks up to an eye-watering amount of debt.
“Older brother.”
at him. John nodded and mouthed his thanks, getting to his feet. As he passed Mike, he felt a hand around his ankle. He looked down.
“I could learn all of the course content from books, or the internet, or getting a job,” Sherlock said. “So I’d just be paying nine thousand pounds for… what? Parties? Living with people I won’t like?”
“How’s the art coming along?” Mike asked John as the pair walked down to the rugby pitch together that afternoon.
- ?” John began, then thought better of it. “Yes, it is.”
Doyle was just the same as usual, full of sound and movement as the boys returned. As John walked down the Lower Sixth corridor, he greeted the squeaking of the floorboards like an old friend. He could hear Glen yelling about something already, and some rapid German from behind somebody’s door.
A quarter of an hour later, the two boys were side by side and elbows-deep in vegetables, sleeves rolled up and eyes watering.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock said. “I was hoping you’d time me. For the race tomorrow. But it’s fine.”
Mrs Watson laughed. “So, Sherlock, John tells me you want to be a detective when you grow up.”
“Do you listen to a word I say?” Sherlock replied, but John knew that the bastard loved the sound of his own voice so much that he wouldn’t mind repeating himself at all. “Mrs Turner, the woman who lives down the road.”
“Lord knows why, but he hasn’t been this… himself for months. Months, Sherlock.”
Sherlock emerged from the shop with a triumphant smile on his face. When they were not five metres from the shop, he dumped the packaging in a nearby bin and slipped one glove onto his hand.
“I wasn’t expecting an escort, but if you insist,” John said, and Sherlock felt like laughing in relief – as long as John was making jokes, the world was still just about alright.
“Hi,” John began. “Can I help you?”
“Oh. I see.” Sherlock’s confusion at what John thought was a perfectly normal response to seeing your roommate in pain was both funny and saddening at the same time. John pushed the thought from his mind and focused on his first aid kit hunt.
Sherlock went to his desk and lifted his phone. He had a text from an unknown number.
“That was rather funny,” said a small voice from behind John, who jumped. He turned to see Molly standing in the doorway. “Hi, guys!”
“Never mind,” Molly smiled. “We’ll endure detention together.”
Unfortunately, John did. His own desperate thoughts had turned to this option more than once, when the immensity of the hungry, wanting thing in him felt too much, like he was going to burst.
“But - ”
Cheekbones higher than their owner on a Saturday night, throwing deep shadows onto Twilight-pale skin. Eyes the colour of everything and nothing at the same time and a scowl that was almost offensive. Each movement controlled and efficient.
The air was cool enough to make him thankful for his scarf, leaves skittering along the pavement under his feet as he walked. It was good to be back in London again, to hear the city breathe.
your hair, there’s a difference. Anyway, he just caught my eye and smiled at me a little too paternally.”
Sherlock seemed to be largely ignoring him, avoiding his eyes, gaze focused on his feet. John smiled – there was the faintest tint of pink on his friend’s cheeks: a mixture of embarrassment and the cold.
The science block was so,
“What do they usually say?”
“What the hell, Bill?” John said. “It’s just a game of footie, why are you so het up?”
Angelo spluttered. “He’s - we’re not - Shelley - ?”
“Now. As most of you will know, lower sixth is the year in which you are able to start really giving something back to the community.” There were undisguised groans from the pupils at this. “Unfortunately, St Bartholomew’s being a full-time boarding school, you are not able to get nearly as much work experience as the rest of the youngsters in this country.” John started to pay attention. “Therefore, about five years ago, the senior team put in place a measure which would enable our pupils to gain experience and knowledge of the work place, which is essential for your preparation as productive members of today’s society.
Sherlock snorted. “Why, are you going to beat him up for me?” he sneered. “I’m not a damsel in distress for you to save, John,”
“Christ, how old are you? Because if you’d actually left primary school you would know that – ”
Sherlock put the other glove on. “A little overpriced, but not extortionate for what they are.”
Sherlock was sitting up in his, laptop on one knee, the old book he was reading earlier on the other. John was lying on his back, phone held above his face, texting Anderson. Thus far, he had read screenshots of Anderson and Donovan’s conversations, and had gathered that while Anderson was not the most tactful at apologising, the confusion really did seem to be on Sally’s side.
“Hel-?”
John and Sherlock helped Mrs Hudson with preparing dinner, the woman complimenting John on his skill at chopping vegetables, laughing at Sherlock’s horror when she asked him to rub seasoning into the raw chicken.
And whatever game they had been unknowingly signed up for now had a body count.
The tube station was only a few minutes away, and while Sherlock bought a ticket, John stood next to him and marvelled at the variety of people swept along in the crowds in front of them.
– but the determination in John’s eyes was not something he was going to be able to delete.
Her mother was fishing about in a cupboard for something, and before Harry could even form a rough draft of her apology, she turned around and jumped.
The four panels were all portrait and arranged in a rectangle, like a child’s drawing of a window. They were separate from each other by about an inch, linked by single strands of string that were stuck precisely in the middle of, Sherlock presumed, the backs of the pieces of paper.
Mrs Watson smacked her daughter on the arm, but Harry only laughed.
The school obtained its food from tens of different suppliers, and that was nowhere near the end of the production chain. It was going to take a lot of time to track all of the produce, and he didn’t even know if it was going to be a serial occurrence – Angelica had been the only case so far.
“Really?” John asked, dropping his joking tone. “I’m surprised by that.”
“When’d you get in?” came a voice from the doorway.
“No,” Mike gasped.
“Yeah, fine,” answered Mike. “I, er, I haven’t told anyone the full story before.” He smiled a little shyly. John smiled back.
“Can I at least have my money back?” John asked.
In the stillness, John sat quietly on his bed and let his spinning head settle. The day had pulled him in so many different directions that now he felt achy and tired. He closed his eyes and relished the quiet.
He was quite suddenly aware of the air between them.
Sherlock had a point. Since the beginning of the week, the house singing competition had been the only topic of conversation on anyone’s lips. John had not expected there to be such a level of excitement surrounding the event. He had had inter-house competitions at his old school, but there had been nowhere near Bart’s level of house-pride. He supposed it made sense, however – John had grown so used to Doyle he now had to adjust to being at home when he went, not at the other way around. Not one that held the energy of hundreds of boys, current, old, dead, in its walls. So it was easy to see why his peers were so territorial about the entire affair.
He led John onto the poolside.
“And you, Mr Watson,” Mycroft returned, also ignoring Sherlock. “Thank you again for taking care of my wayward brother. If your mother wants any… remuneration for her trouble, then – “
An hour and a half later, Eddie called the rehearsal to a close. Sherlock was at his wits’ end, complaining that ‘these people are basically tone deaf’ and that ‘we won’t even get tenth place at this rate’.
“Um. No. Nobody told me.”
He heard Sherlock sigh, but his friend didn’t seem as if it was worth his energy to pursue the matter.
Sherlock leisurely swam over to him, standing when he could and walking the rest of the distance between them.
“You said – you said ‘friend’,” Sherlock said quietly, looking at the wall over John’s shoulder.
“Well… yeah,” John said, “all girls want to get dressed up with their boyfriend. To be asked formally. To be romanced.”
John’s phone vibrated in his coat pocket. He pulled it out and sighed at the name on the screen.
John swallowed. “What, you guys
Sherlock was holding a violin and talking to the boy sitting at the piano about something technical. A huge boy with the broadest shoulders and thickest neck Harry had ever seen was holding a banjo that looked comically tiny cradled in his thick arms, while a very skinny boy who looked as if he’d lived under a rock his entire life was sitting at a drum kit. A bassist looked on, fiddling with his pick.
“John, how are you feeling?” the coach was saying.
“Groundskeeper’s son.”
“Give me the list, John.” Sherlock replied, holding out his hand, face still glued to the eyepiece. John laughed incredulously.
“Thanks,” John said, somewhat sarcastically.
Mike nodded. “He had been in year ten.”
“Attempting to,” the head of the local police, DI Martin, added. “We found the car. It was virtually undisturbed, and we’re getting a specialist in this morning to dust for his prints, but his alibis seem to match up. I’ve done checks this morning. It is doubtful you’ll find any evidence that he could have been anywhere else but the carpark of the local pub, rather badly carjacking.”
The view of the swimming pool was impressive. It almost looked like a different building to the one that John and Sherlock had mucked around in at midnight, splashing each other and hearing their laughter echo around the huge space. Now, it was packed with people, the water looking as if it were boiling from the movement from the swimmers who, John guessed, were all warming up at the same time. Each of the six houses had a lane to itself – Doyle was the third, right in the middle. John tried his best to identify each of the figures in Doyle’s lane, but with little success. Each was wearing a swimming cap and black shorts. The only two he could identify were Karim and Harry due to their darker skin, but looking for Sherlock amongst the white boys was like looking for a needle in a watery haystack.
“Any specialisation in mind yet? GP? Surgery?”
“Mrs Bradstreet does sometimes joke that her husband loves his pets more than he loves his kids,” Anderson added.
“Just open it!” Harry shouted.
Sherlock watched him.
Sherlock went to the pool that night, but couldn’t concentrate. Now that Victor was gone, he’d had to steal the keys to the back door of the male changing rooms to get in: much less glamourous. He’d swum a few lengths, but found his mind wandering all over the place, so he got out and sat on the side, legs dangling in the still water.
John looked up to where Sherlock was standing in the doorway, his eyes flicked back to Jeanette briefly, and was there a tiny flicker of - ? No; only a little surprise, and a generous helping of
“So she’s going to get them.” Sherlock concluded.
“What?” Sherlock asked suddenly, making John jump.
Sherlock straightened up, holding something between his finger and his thumb. “Cleaners,” he mumbled.
They must be able to, that was Redbeard – no two ways about it.
“Well,” John said into Sherlock’s quiet. “Thanks, I guess.”
“Ah,” Sherlock said, “this is your supposed smear campaign, yes?”
“I’m fine, passing tests, winning rugby matches, the usual,” there was a snort from someone off screen, and John turned to the source, looking a mixture of annoyed and amused. “Okay, we haven’t won the last couple of rugby matches.”
John smiled to himself. He knew exactly where he would be. Lestrade was gearing up to announce the results of the head of house election, but John already knew what he was going to say, so he slipped out of the crowd and into Doyle.
“Thanks,” John said, searching for a way to phrase his next request. “And, uh, could I, maybe, not, uh…”
“John, what are – ” Sherlock began, and it was odd to feel as well as hear the deepness of his voice.
“I know.” John couldn’t see Sherlock’s face: it was shadowed by the harsh light of his desk lamp.
Silence fell again, and John began to understand the rhythm of the competition, a cycle of dead silence and deafening noise.
“I’m not worried about him, I’m worried about you,” John muttered.
“Scout’s honour.”
Sherlock slowly extricated his legs from by John’s head, sitting up. It was probably best to let John sleep, seeing as he hadn’t done so properly in a long –
“What’s distracting you?”
John.
“Never mind,” John sighed, dumping his bag on the floor and kicking his shoes off. “What are you up to?”
It was hot inside the assembly hall. Roasting, in fact. It appeared that an Indian summer was upon them, and John found himself lightly pondering the boiling point of human flesh and how many degrees he was away from it.
John looked up from the paper to Sherlock. His roommate was sitting perfectly still at his desk, staring into the middle distance.
and repeated his plaster-removing mime. John didn’t know whether to punch Mike or just cut to the chase and strangle him but had no time to decide as Sherlock was sweeping towards the door, potato salad abandoned. John and Mike followed him out. Sherlock made the mistake of slowing slightly, hesitating over where to go when John wasn’t leading him, and John took the opportunity to catch him by the arm. Sherlock stopped and turned his head to him just slightly - just enough to see the look John was trying to bore into him, a look that said
Sarah greeted him outside Frank, the glass door of the modern building spilling light onto her soft features. When she hugged him hello she smelt of something floral, and as she led him – by the hand – into the common room, John felt himself relaxing into the enveloping ordinariness of it all.
“Out with what?” Sherlock gently lifted a slide out from the clips of the microscope and set it on the desk, his back still to John.
“It doesn’t matter,” John said, straightening up. “I think I interrupted a dream,” he smiled.
“He sounds like a dick.”
John stood up and ran silently through the garden, and as he neared the house he tried not to look at the entwined couple because there was something so desperately wrong about it, but he kept going until he was on the path and on the step and in the porch and only then did he glance at Sherlock, who was still watching him, and his eyes were just the same as they had ever been – bright and steady and familiar – and John took a breath and soundlessly slipped through the door into the house.
It was Mike’s turn to snort. “For life?”
Mike introduced John to some other Doyle boys - they all smiled at John as he and Mike sat down on the long, wooden benches. It was roast chicken on offer that night, something John hadn’t eaten for a long time. It was something his dad had always cooked.
– then anger again as he refused to meet his eyes. But when he did, those eyes, those eyes… Pupils blown wide, a sliver of grey iris ringing black holes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well…” Sherlock joked, hearing John tut in response.
“Er, I’ll just leave you to it then.” John went to the door. “Hey, Mike?”
“You just… disappear sometimes,” John elaborated, looking back down to his paper again and sketching a large curve. “It’s like you can’t hear me or see me or anything.”
Where, though?
The game progressed, and the revelations became more and more surprising. Ollie, it seemed, had done nearly everything that was suggested, and Glen wasn’t far behind. But the most interesting revelations were those made when someone hadn’t done something, when personas and assumptions crumbled. That was what John loved.
’ and the boys began to clear away the cards.
Content warning for homophobic bullying/slurs and drug use by a minor. See parts to skip
Sherlock nodded, and John laughed, and Sherlock – Sherlock was watching him. His eyes followed John even when he’d turned his gaze back to his family, and now Harry had noticed, she couldn’t stop noticing. There was something about his gaze as it rested on John – something gentle, as if Sherlock was afraid John would break under it, but as if it was a lifeline, strong as steel. Sherlock was smiling, as if he’d forgotten the rest of the world was there. It was something private, and Harry suddenly wanted to look away.
John took another bite, watching his friend across the table. He was regarding the sandwich in front of him with an expression of nausea mixed with intense but barely-masked hunger. His hands, pale and thin, where they rested on the table, were shaking slightly.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock didn’t reply to the text – Victor wasn’t worth the energy – but instead, put his phone away and lay back on his bed, John’s chatter about the painting forming a soft background to his thoughts.
“What? You’re doing what Mycroft tells you now, are you?” John teased, and Sherlock rolled his eyes and began walking.
“Ex-wife,” Sherlock whispered to John in explanation, as if he’d heard his thoughts, sheathing and unsheathing a pen knife he’d acquired from god-knows-where.
Despite thinking this entire affair was beyond infantile – he’d only come to John for… well, not for this whole sleepover debacle, that was certain – Sherlock climbed back up the stairs and scooped up the two duvets in John’s room.
“Are you being serious?”
, Sherlock reminded himself –
“Fine. Where have you been?”
“If I come to a match –
He had his violin across his knees, hands resting unnaturally casually on it. His back was held straight and John could see his chest rising and falling quickly and shallowly.
“What does he say?”
There was already a duvet and pillow on his bed, no doubt provided by the school, but without duvet or pillow covers, which John had been instructed to bring from home. He unzipped his suitcase, found both of those items, clambered up onto his bed and, with a great deal of cursing under his breath, realising choosing to do this most undignified of tasks in the company of his new peers probably wasn't a wise move, managed to wrangle his old, navy blue pillow and duvet covers into position.
The snow wasn’t as thick as it had been the previous night. It had thawed considerably during the day, but more was forecast for the next day. The night was impossibly clear. The cold made Sherlock shiver after so long indoors.
“Hey, none of that,” John chastised. “How are you supposed to beat this deadly virus if you don’t give yourself the energy?”
“Out,” came the vague reply from below. John was lying on his front on his bed, trying to save his drawing from the long stripe that now diced it in half.
Unbeknownst to John, Sherlock was sitting not ten metres away from him. He was cradled in the crook of the oak tree that stood outside their window, watching his phone light up in his hands with each call that he could see John initiate. He could also see John’s reactions to Sherlock not picking up go from anxious, to worried, to concerned, to unsurprised, to annoyed, to resigned.
“Perhaps not as a source of light, but as a conductor – at that you excel.”
“Don’t text your girlfriend on my time, John,” Dr. Smith warned. “Get these filed.”
Long time, no see, huh?
“Mm,” agreed John, then abruptly stopped and turned to Sherlock. “You know, if we’re found out, you’re going to be expelled on the spot,”
When the clapping and cheering broke out again, John exhaled slowly and stood up. He offered his hand to Sherlock, and for a second he didn’t think he was going to take it. But then those pale fingers reached up and closed around his own.
“A boy just died.” Sherlock said softly.
“Just with, you know, all your blood rushing to your head,” John continued, and Sherlock could feel the air around him move with his friend’s speech.
Christmas in the Holmes household was quiet and subdued. The decorations were beautiful but traditional, a wreath on the door, candles everywhere. Though Viola had put candles everywhere when she had first moved in, so that wasn’t that much of a change. He could hear Mycroft playing something on the piano downstairs; a Christmas carol, something that sparked the memory of lyrics in Sherlock’s head –
Sherlock was walking with John down the road to the shorter boy’s house. It was mid-afternoon, the sun glaring down at them from behind a thin veil of clouds. They were both in school uniform, but they had tied their ties around their ankles, linking John’s left to Sherlock’s right like they were running a three legged race.
“There’s a first time for everything, Sherlock,” John replied brightly. He tied his final bow in his laces and looked over at Sherlock’s feet. “D’you want some help?”
John explained what Lestrade had said, and, thankfully, Mike said he’d handle it, and told him to change and meet him downstairs in five. So John did.
“It used to be the one opposite mine,” Sherlock said.
When Sherlock got back in the car after John had entered the station, turning one last time to wave before disappearing from sight, Mrs Hudson smiled at him.
me, more like,” Sherlock said without thinking.
“Goodnight,” replied Sherlock, already feeling sleep sitting upon his eyelids. He pulled the duvet up around his chin and pressed his face into the pillow, inhaling the familiar smell of John as each breath deepened and lengthened, until sleep dragged him under once more.
“That’s fucking brutal,” John responded, sniffling a little. Then laughed.
“Cross my heart and hope to die,” John grinned.
Mike laughed. “Surprisingly, no.” He explained. “It’s kind of an unwritten rule in this school that everyone keeps themselves to themselves. Snitching helps no-one, and everyone has something they wouldn't want to be snitched on about.” Mike saw John’s look and smiled wryly. “I know. Makes us all sound like criminals. But if we’re all going to be cooped up here together for months at a time, shit’s going to happen. If you don't snitch on someone, the hope is that they won't snitch on you in the future. Plus, you don't want to piss of someone you literally have to live with."
to snap his own daughter’s neck? Or that that babysitter planned the
” he repeated. “You didn’t answer my question!”
“Oh, god,” Mike whispered. “Now I feel like a right tit,”
Jamie took a breath. “Oh. Okay.”
Sherlock was awake when John joined him in the land of the conscious. But there was nothing sluggish about his transition. He sat up and gasped once, and Sherlock was two steps up his ladder before he knew why or how.
“I can’t seem to find you, Richie,” he said. “Which house are you in?”
Mike shrugged. “Says the theme’s chiaroscuro… what’s that?”
John bustled him out of the way in order to demonstrate. He grasped the handle firmly and cut neatly along one of the think, black lines. “Like that,” he finished, yanking the knife free and giving it back to Sherlock.
“I know, sweetie. School fees, clothes, food, the mortgage, I know it all needs taking care of. I’m doing my best. And everything's under control, I promise. We're in no danger, don't worry."
Sherlock stopped midway through putting a book on top of the fridge and turned to him. John almost laughed at the expression on his face, serious and utterly offended at the question.
Sherlock fell solemn. “I’m not a hero, John. Heroes don’t exist.”
Harry looked confused for a second, then touched a finger to her mouth. “Of – "
“Yeah, okay,” John said, and the conversation came to a rest.
John locked the device and pressed it between his legs, putting his hands above the table. “No, miss.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. An acute irritation was rapidly growing somewhere, as the girl’s laughter grated against his skin. He and turned over and tried to fall back into a doze, but it was futile.
that people want to read about, Sherlock. Sherlock?”
“That’s nice,” John commented from behind him. He had almost forgotten that he was there, changing into his rugby kit. “Haven’t heard that one before."
Mrs Watson wiped her hand on a tea towel before shaking the one that Sherlock had offered. John watched as his mother visibly caved, as countless others had done before, under his roommate’s frankly sickeningly slick manners.
. John thought to himself. He glanced at the clock on the wall of the dining hall.
. And an occasional whisper.
"There’s nothing down that corridor," finished John. "Except the fire escape, right?"
Irene had texted him something alluding to that a couple of weeks ago -
, but didn't send that, either.
– was not as clear as he’d have liked.
The tittering coming from the group behind Angelo silenced. They crowded closer, posturing like a pack of peacocks.
“I don’t have one. We were brought up with English and French side-by-side.”
If Sherlock concentrated, he could feel each of John’s ribs through their shirts. John was hot, skin almost burning to the touch, and slightly damp, and Sherlock could feel every inch of it that was pressed flush against his own, from his legs up to his neck, and he had never felt someone so close to him before, so close he felt they might begin to fuse together.
But then there was a small eruption of clapping, only a few people, but it was the people who had been closest to John when he’d gone down. Because there he was, jogging back on to the pitch. He exchanged a few words with another boy, who ran off, and John reassumed his position.
“It’ll only take a second,” John bargained, hearing one of Muhammad’s friends whisper something to another one.
They had sat in the church and rubbed their stiff hands together as they waited in the dim dusk-light. Sherlock had his arms crossed, as much to keep himself warm as to continue to signpost his disagreement with this whole affair. He watched as a handful of old men and women shuffled in, joining them in the high-ceilinged silence.
“Is this about Sherlock? Because I think what they’ve been saying on Instagram is just awful - ”
He must have fallen unconscious.
The second night, they had ended up falling asleep on the sofa. John had dropped off first, while they had been watching Jeremy Kyle. His feet had been pressing into Sherlock’s thigh. When the program had finished, Sherlock had been unsure of what to do. Wake John? Go upstairs alone? But in the end, he had simply slotted himself around John’s legs and had rested his head on the other arm of the sofa. They had woken the next morning in a tangle of legs and feet, and had laughed about it.
“I’m scared of losing you to it.”
“I saw him, but I did not… get anything from him.” John stopped. Turned. Sherlock was looking at him with an intensity that left John no doubt that he was being sincere. “He offered. I refused. I went to him with the intention of getting it, but once there, I found I did not need it. I did not… want it.”
PS And yes, you may have noticed that in a moment of self-indulgence, I named all the houses after authors - cliché, I know, but I couldn't resist.
“Ohoho, so it’s a challenge, is it?” John grinned.
Sherlock marvelled at John's idiocy and waited for the penny to drop.
“Sorry,” Vlad added. “Though he still might be a p- ”
“Fine, then,” John said, not changing his tone nor expression. “Play me something else.”
“I am aware of that, yes,” agreed Sherlock. He was scrolling through the next day’s weather forecast on his phone, until something collided rather painfully with his forehead and sent him sprawling backwards onto his bed. He located the offending missile – a tube of ‘Cadmium Red’ acrylic paint – and sat up.
He caught up with Sherlock and fell into step beside him, their breathing falling into a shared rhythm beat out by the pounding of their feet on the concrete.
“And I said, ‘
“D’you want some socks?” John asked as Sherlock sat cross-legged on the bed, folding his clothes so as not to irritate John with mess.
“Look, let’s not talk about this, yeah?” John relaxed his shoulders. “Sounds like we've both had a pretty unpleasant day, so let’s just enjoy Halloween.”
He had straightened up from stowing Sherlock’s shoes under his friend’s desk and been presented with a pair of feet directly in front of his face.
He raised his eyes again, and John was crouched on the side of the pool, but he couldn’t have been.
John wanted to coo at Sherlock’s quiet, stumbling words, but didn’t think that would have been entirely appropriate. So he made a joke about Sherlock not having a choice and the table continued with their lunches, both boys trying their utmost to keep shy smiles off their faces.
John followed the boy to one of the other bookcases. “This is the art history section, it’ll probably be around here somewhere.” He said. “I could help you look if you want?”
John’s mouth fell open, Sherlock held the camera up to his eye, John said his name like a warning, then sighed, then smirked as Sherlock put his finger on the shutter button, and John put his two middle fingers up as the camera clicked.
“Why don’t you go back to house,” his teacher said, feigning kindness in place of the irritation Sherlock could see in the way she was holding her head. He considered his options. Sit there with the idiots who were still getting atomic and mass numbers confused or take refuge in the cool silence of his room.
“James Sholto, John. Didn’t you have a crush on him back in year eight?”
“You should have been home nearly an hour ago, Sherlock,” the man said, and Sherlock groaned.
“You tell me.”
It was empty.
John nodded, somewhat reassured. “I can see why Viola would want to set you two up, though. You’d be a good couple. Aesthetically, I mean. You look quite similar.”
“And now you’re babbling.”
“I should report him to the police. I don’t think grown men are just allowed to wander into a school like that,”
“Well, I suppose this’ll have to do,” John sighed, passing a hand over his now genitalia-less but very pink cheek. “Shall we?”
, the headline proclaimed, and Sherlock sighed and stopped reading. He made a mental note to inform John that his melodrama helped no-one and nothing when he saw him next.
Two knocks sounded in quick succession on the door of room twenty-one, and the door was pushed open.
“Mycroft does not attend these sorts of things. He will show his face for five minutes in the afternoon and then whisk me off home.”
The paper returned within seconds.
Lestrade grunted a reply and John took that as his cue to leave.
He wiped a little of the condensation off the mirror and tried to part his hair as he liked it, but gave up after a couple of attempts which resulted in it flopping haphazardly over his forehead. He rubbed himself dry with a towel and donned his pyjamas. One last check to see that he hadn’t left anything out of place, and he unlocked the door and left the safety of solitude once again.
Footsteps squeaked down the corridor and a nurse poked her head around the doorframe. When she caught sight of Sherlock, the question that was forming on her lips fell away with her lower jaw. John gave her a smile and a ‘
She was silent for a moment, and Sherlock thought she was finished, but then he felt a hand on his arm.
, he wanted to say.
“I’m going to look him up on Facebook,” Mike stated, getting out his phone. “Sholto – how do you spell that? Are you friends with him?”
At Tower Hill, John and Sherlock didn’t have to look very far for Mycroft when they emerged into the sunlight. The crowd parted around him like a river around a rock.
“Done?”
“I haven’t read it yet.”
“Careful, careful - ” John cautioned, breathless.
“Are you… laughing?” It was a low, quiet sound, but it was definitely, unmistakeably, very Sherlockian, laughter. “You are!”
He realised he was still gripping the books he had taken out of the library. He opened one of them, the spine creaking. He looked at the front page. The book had last been taken out in 2002, by an M Holmes.
It was only when the incompetent Detective Inspector looked up from his sandwich and noticed him on his lofty perch that Sherlock slipped quietly from the roof and made his way back to St. Bart's.
With Sherlock turned away from him like this, John could indulge the wanting in him, just a little. He could lay his gaze, heavy and long, on the back of Sherlock’s neck, on his shoulders, his straight back, his outheld arms. He swayed slightly with the music, as if the notes were growing up from the earth through his legs, his torso, and flowing out through his fingers. John wanted to press his chest against Sherlock’s, wrap his arms around him, and feel the swaying with his own body. Feel the notes grow through him, too. Feel the vibration of the bow on the string.
The film was, indeed, as John had put it, ‘shitty’. The acting was of school Nativity standards, the script had no continuity and the score seemed vaguely familiar. The plot involved a family conflict –
“I’m not laughing at you, John.”
They walked in silence down the road that ran through the school towards the sports facilities. When they reached the main building, Sherlock beckoned John round the side, picking his way through the scrubby woods at the side. They came out of a patch of trees and were faced with what Sherlock knew to be the back of the changing rooms. He took a key out of his pocket and unlocked the left of the two doors.
Sherlock shrugged. “And?”
“Deerskin, I would say. I like the stitching, look like they have a lining as well, perfect,” Sherlock muttered to himself before abruptly striding into the shop.
Mycroft got out of the car. He didn’t call or beckon his brother, but Sherlock sighed and continued, “Which, it seems, is now. Goodbye, John.”
Mycroft opened his mouth as if to protest, but John saw the look Mrs Hudson gave him and shooed him out of the room.
“Well?”
Having no money to pay for yet another taxi, John walked home from the train station.
“Regressing?” Sherlock’s father asked.
“Hi, guys,” John said as he passed.
“I don’t... like it there.”
“Can’t believe I was late,” he began, a lame way of starting an ‘interrogation’, his mind searching for something to say. Sherlock had given no specifics – ‘
s, or the usually well-meant but still insensitive ‘
“I got your text,” she said by way of greeting. “She’s out right now. Probably at Pullman, she’s been spending a lot of time there recently. What’s this about? Can I help?”
John joined the audience next to Mrs Hudson. He felt a small eddy of nerves in his stomach for Sherlock, though he knew better than to worry about him.
For most of his life at St Bart’s, when he’d returned to the house after a holiday, stepping back over the threshold into the building had made his throat tighten just a little and his mind do something like raise its hackles. But now, as he stepped over Lestrade’s ‘BEWARE OF THE KIDS’ doormat, he was able to process the usual rush of information as it came, what Lestrade was cooking for his dinner, how many boys had already returned, this and that and whatever else. Lugging his suitcase up the stairs was no longer a chore. The Lower Sixth corridor no longer felt endless, not with room number twenty one at its end.
Here are some (useful?) links:
John looked Sherlock in the eye as he took another swig. “I mean the extra point five to make it a ten out of ten drunk experience.”
Outside the sports hall, in amongst hundreds of other pupils doing the same thing, John reunited with his family. His mother squeezed him tight, Harry beamed at him. They were both a little underdressed compared with some of the other parents, but John would not have had it any other way.
“I don’t even know what you’re saying, now.”
to do this. He had to. “If you do change your mind, that’s fine,” he blurted. “I wouldn’t hold it against you. I wouldn’t blame you. I only want to do this with you if you want it a hundred percent.”
Sherlock stepped off the coach weary.
After the fireworks had ended in a blaze of light that looked as if the sky were ripping apart, the camera panned back to the crowd, who had begun to link arms.
He wished the others would stop interrupting and let John finish. He sounded as if he was in distress and Sherlock wanted to come bursting in and drag him away, to shield him from what he knew those boys were thinking. But he couldn’t, or they’d know he’d been listening.
John paid for both himself and Sherlock, then led him through to the shoe changing area. Once they’d both exchanged their shoes for skates, they sat down and began to put them on.
“There’s been a murder!”
John didn’t get to finish his curse, as Sherlock pushed his fingers into John’s mouth. John spat out the cream.
"Not sure he misses you, though," John replied, laughing when Sherlock shot him an exasperated look.
“John?” Whispered Sherlock, and this time, his voice betrayed him.
John made a face at him. “No, she isn’t,” he said slowly, like Sherlock was a toddler. “She’s marrying Irene, how can she be dead?”
His friend didn’t look at him except for a quick glance. “Yes, well,” he said. “To be avoided.”
Sherlock laughed, but obliged, and John did the same.
Sherlock’s expression was almost unreadable, something like offense and incredulity and resolve all mixed into one. “You deserve all of it. To take all that is gladly offered to you and to not
“No you aren’t, I’m having the air mattress.”
“But… it
“If you’re referring to the house singing competition which I did not sign you up for, my message to you is don’t be so childish,” John said.
“Ah, ah ah,” the man cautioned. “That is strictly out of bounds. Most of the time, anyway. Get the permission of the nurse on duty before you go tinkering, yeah?”
Sherlock took another step. “I’m close on the others. I imagine you know just how close.”
“Getting better from what?”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever,” Harry said. “Bye!”
John had stepped out of the door of Doyle that morning to find a thick coat of frost muting the colours thrown onto the hard earth by the sunrise, the only vividity being the blazing red horizon, smudging up into pinks and purples that tainted Sherlock’s pale cheeks rosy as he joined him.
“People are going to talk, you know,” John stated, his hand finding Sherlock’s.
Silence fell, and it was heavier than John remembered it. Humid and weighty, stuck in his throat.
His phone hung heavily in his trouser pocket, unanswered texts from his friends from his old school adding a couple of extra kilos, it seemed. He wasn’t replacing the people he’d grown up with, he kept telling himself. Sherlock needed distractions, and John happened to be one of those, he liked to think. It was necessary.
“Bit different from home, huh?” John’s voice said softly.
The school filed into the assembly hall, a steady glacier flowing through the small doorway. John trod on the ankle of the boy in front of him by accident, and apologised with a smile when the boy had turned around.
John laughed again. “Uh, it’s the same, but more. I know I'm really in it when, like… it’s like your legs aren’t really connected to you anymore. That’s when I know. Because in your head you’re like, ‘
Content warning for explicit depictions of drug use by a minor. To avoid, please skip from the sentence “You’re no less pathetic than you were the last time I did this” to "He didn’t realise he was falling asleep until Sarah woke him up." The minor in question is, unfortunately, intoxicated for the rest of the chapter, so proceed at your own discretion. Open this information in a new tab
“Now,” Tom braced the fingers of his free hand against the back of Sherlock’s neck. “You just slot the syringe in here, like this.” Sherlock felt the cold of the metal and then, without any warning, Tom pressed the trigger.
“Leave it, John,” advised Mike.
“I’m not yet,” the boy replied. “I’m in the lower school, year eight.”
, the headlines had screamed. He remembered reading posts on obscure forums on the internet about the teenager who had supposedly killed them all, how he didn’t deserve to walk free from his trial. Sherlock hadn’t cared at the time, but now, hearing the emotion in John’s voice, the way he had felt so deeply for this boy, this stranger, Sherlock found himself regretting not being able to help.
He hummed a reply that he hoped would mean ‘go on’, ‘I remember’ and ‘what about them?’ all at once, conscious of the fact that he couldn’t move an inch, not even to speak, lest John’s proportions be thrown off.
“So you’re going to watch Sherlock play,” Mike said with a teasing smile. John sighed. Something told Harry that kind of remark was not uncommon. “And there is nothing I would like more than to come and watch,” Mike continued sarcastically. “But I can’t.”
Finally, John found his classroom. He joined the line of chattering pupils outside the classroom. He gave a smile to the girl next to him, who smiled back and, after a moment, asked a little shyly,
“You’d be surprised at the amount of cross-dressing in this competition,” Eddie explained to John, then turned his attention back to Sherlock. “It’s really not that big of a deal, honestly, Sherlock.”
“Whatever, you snarky tit; go on,”
’ and that’s the end of that.”
After John had finished his tea, he went back upstairs and found Sherlock’s second present, arranging it on his bed and looking at it for a moment before getting dressed. He was due a visit to the corner shop.
“So, how’re you feeling about tomorrow?” John asked.
Content warning for dead pets in this one. See parts to skip
“Christmas shopping, Sherlock,” John replied.
"You didn't tell any teachers that he was literally living in the roof?" John asked, astounded.
By the time they reached the village green, John’s stomach was beginning to rumble and his feet were beginning to go numb.
“Thank you, thank you, fucking hell,” John said as he jogged back into the room. “Wait, we’re not dressed up at all,” he grabbed the party-size tub of seasonally-themed Haribos and chocolates.
John glanced at Sherlock, who was watching him. “Sounds a bit like – I mean, I know you can’t tell, but, could it have been a heart attack?”
“Why’d you do it, then?” John asked, seemingly having found a subject to pursue.
Sherlock’s face cracked open. John had never seen him smile so widely, seen his eyes crinkle that much. Sherlock quickly looked away, at his dangling feet, and fought it with all his might, but John had seen it, and the memory of it made his entire body feel like it was glowing.
I have had this chapter written since
“Well, I admire your perseverance thus far,” Mike said, trailing off when he noticed Angelo glaring at John from the other side of the pitch. “Whoa,” he said, recoiling a little at the force of his stare. “What’s Angelo’s beef?”
There was a split second in it. The boy from Dickens slapped the side of the pool a blink of an eye before Sherlock did, but John did not care a jot. Neither, it seemed, did Doyle, the house clapping and cheering.
“Um, not to be rude, but aren’t you meant to be leaving?” John asked.
“Is it… socks?” John grinned impishly.
He was holding a ball of screwed-up pages from his Latin textbook in the blue flame of a Bunsen burner with a pair of forceps, watching the flame shift from colour to colour as different inks caught alight. John was sitting at his desk, reading over a poem barely visible within tangles of annotations, highlighter in hand. The only sounds were the rush of the flame and the crumpling of the paper as it burned.
John frowned and turned to the boys. “I don’t think that’s very fair, do you? Here, take as much as you like. It’s not going to get eaten otherwise.”
“Three.”
“Siobhan – the one with the ginger hair – and none other than my delightful aunt.”
John froze, but Sherlock got up and crossed to the stairs.
He went to his window and lifted the curtain.
“How’re you feeling?” John asked after a moment.
“I’m not.” Sherlock held his gaze, and John could see he meant it.
“Oh, just making sure you’re leading a balanced lifestyle is all. Very important in this day and age. How about your five-a-day, is that quota being fulfilled?”
“Boscombe Valley today,” John said. His voice was quiet but betrayed nothing.
“How’d you know all this?” John asked, then; “That was a stupid question, you know everyth- ”
Then, of all things he could have done, Sherlock laughed.
“What’s wonderful?” John knew it was likely that Sherlock wouldn’t answer, but he asked anyway.
Sherlock excused himself, copying John in taking the plates through into the kitchen.
“Mi casa es tu casa,” he joked as they climbed the last stair. Sherlock didn’t respond behind him, and John stopped and turned around.
“So you’re not some lunatic then?” Mike grinned.
Mrs Watson made a tutting noise and walked right in, making for the chair and folding up the clothes John had left there. Harry turned to apologise to Sherlock, but the boy was smiling. He seemed to be smiling a lot more than when she last saw him.
The Watsons and the recently-arrived Holmes’ entourage had agreed to wait downstairs, not wanting to all squish into one tiny room. Sherlock and John caught each other’s eyes as John closed the door to that tiny room, and saw the same strange melancholy there that was making their own skin feel like they’d put it on wrong.
“It’s exactly like someone gave it an injection,” Sherlock said. “Now, if the others are congruous…”
He composed a text to Sherlock -
“Thanks, Mrs Hudson,” he said, trying not to sound as if he wanted to vomit.
“Thanks.”
“Fuck, ow, John!”
“Hey, come here,” John grabbed her by the arm. “Let me smell your breath.”
“Pretty much the same as last year. How’s yours?”
“And?”
“A mushroom?” John asked, laughing.
“Sherlock – ” John began, but when his friend looked up at him, the words died on his tongue. “I brought you this as well,” he said instead, showing him the rosin.
. Stamford's predicament was obvious. That haircut of his is new, but not done at a barber's. The jaggedness of the cut above his ears and at the nape of his neck made it painfully obvious. I thought even an idiot like you would have been able to see it.”
The narrow corridor outside was packed with people, and John had to push his way through. The frigid air hitting him as he stepped out into the falling night was a welcome relief from the stuffy stagnancy inside, but quickly turned unpleasant as his skin temperature plummeted. The babble of voices echoed off the stone walls of the buildings in the small courtyard, high laughter and rapid chatter lifting John’s spirits a little after a long and tiring day.
“I didn’t say anything,” Sherlock pointed out.
“Was cocaine – ”
“Not much,” Sherlock said nonchalantly.
“I still can’t believe we just did that,” he mused. “Christ,”
John didn’t reply. His mother left the house, the door closing solidly behind her.
John felt his mouth drop open. “What?”
PS – I haven’t heard from anyone in a while in terms of comments – should I take this as a case of no news is good news, or…? Because if there’s anything you think I could improve on, please tell me! Again, I write this for you guys, so please let me know how I’m getting on. Much love x
Miss Bailey lowered her voice, reluctance saturated in her stilted speech. “So as to – to make the other students more… more – ”
“Well, I didn’t really,” Nadia said. “I knew he was in trouble of some kind but I just wanted to grab your attention. Anyway, when we were little, Muhammad and I invented this signal to tell each other when we were uncomfortable or wanted out of a situation and if one of us saw it, we would intervene.” She was walking over to her brother’s bed as she explained. “We would draw circles on our hand with a finger, that was the signal. Circles mean trouble.” She beckoned Sherlock over, and John followed, and they all crouched as Nadia pointed at floor just by the leg of the bed.
“Are you doing anything special?”
Once his mouth was clear again, John gulped in as much air as he could, exhaling it in uncontrollable laughter, turning his back to the sink and sinking to the floor, clutching his stomach. Sherlock did the same next to him a moment later, and he was laughing in the way he did when he couldn’t stop himself, low and gasping. John could feel his friend shaking, his right side pressed against Sherlock’s left. John wiped his eyes and leaned his head back against the cupboard they were leaning against, trying to regulate his breathing.
“No, it wasn’t Sherlock – why does everyone think that?”
anything
During the winter holidays, when John had recounted his tales of school, he had forgotten that not all his time was spent on adventures with Sherlock. Boy, would that have been nice.
A whistle, long and shrill, echoed around the pitch, and Sherlock whispered to Harry to ask what that meant.
John’s heart finally shattered.
“Holy fuck,” Mike said. “It’s Sherlock!”
No – it unlocked without obstacle. John clenched the object in his fist and returned to the bathroom.
“Not really, just bigger, like -” Mike moved his hands outwards from his head. “-
If Doyle had been a flurry of activity, the rest of St. Bart’s was a whirlwind. Cars crawled through the narrow roads in search of parking spaces, students' families swarmed the paths, gowned teachers swept the students along towards the sports hall, transformed overnight from exam venue to auditorium. St. Bart’s was glowing in the sunshine, hastily-planted flowers splashing colour across John’s vision as he walked with the rest of his house. He wanted to curl his hand around Sherlock’s elbow so they didn’t get separated in the crowds. He did not.
“Okay, be quick, we don’t want you slipping over, yeah? I’m going to check on Clara, and when you’re done and asleep, I’ll take her home.”
Saturday dawned clear and bright. John woke before the rising bell. He cast an eye over Sherlock’s sleeping form, relieved that Sherlock did get some shut-eye, even if it was fully clothed, before climbing down from his bed and heading to the showers.
“Damn. Inconvenient.”
“Not a good idea, John,” Sherlock warned.
“I’m fine,” John replied.
“John, it doesn’t mean anything necessarily,” Sherlock began quietly, stepping closer to his friend.
He didn’t want to read on. He didn’t want to remember. But he couldn’t tear his eyes from the page.
John could feel the line between acknowledging and feeding becoming thinner. John knew each touch was a wave against the coastline, chipping away at soft sandstone. John wasn’t sure how much longer his defences would hold if he kept on like this. So, instead of leaning in to Sherlock’s space as they waited for Mike to key in the code to Doyle’s front door as he wanted to, John held himself still.
So he sat on the floor behind his roommate, pillow behind his back, leaning against his ladder, and drew.
“Be quiet, John," Sherlock hissed, "Mrs Hudson - ”
One moment of weakness when he was fourteen. That had been it. He had been lonely and afraid and unhappy and angry and empty and so
“Now that would be telling,” returned John, tapping his nose with an icing-covered finger.
“No, never assume anything,” Sherlock interrupted, but there wasn’t much force behind it.
“Okay John, whose do you want to open first?” she asked.
John saw Anderson roll his eyes and crossed his arms, feeling his jaw clench.
“That’s an understatement,” Harry replied.
John was thrumming with an uncomfortable mixture of worry and adrenaline (and not a tiny bit of fear), but he knew that it wasn’t directed at himself. However, that knowledge did not lessen its potency in the slightest.
John closed his eyes momentarily as she looked away, feeling pre-emptively apologetic, because he knew Sherlock was watching, and he had to keep the conversation going, despite never having spoken to her before today.
“His name was Carl Powers. He was in Golding.”
“What?” Sherlock looked up from his phone.
More about
Sherlock stepped to his left; John stepped to his right. Sherlock stepped to his right; John stepped to his left. Sherlock made an exasperated noise. “It’s not important, John. Forget I said anything.”
Sherlock pulled out his lock-picks again and got to work. John looked around the corridor.
John began to explain, and the facts came rushing back to Sherlock.
“Come on, Dean,” one voice whispered. “We have to go, hurry up.”
He dropped his pencil. That was all for today. The drawing was unfinished, still just lines and curves on the page, but John didn’t care. That was how he was feeling today; unfinished. So it fit.
Angelo folded his arms. “Yeah? And?”
The morning assembly was dragging.
The mid-morning sunshine was a relief after what had felt like eaons inside the dingy church.
Content warning for underage drinking. To avoid, please skip from the line '“Ungradeable,” Sherlock answered nonchalantly' to '“All of th-? Wait. What group chat?”'
Once he saw that everyone was ready, John began counting, and on three, he wrapped his hands tight around Jingles’ forelegs and lifted. He tried not to look at the body as they shuffled across the room, Sally with her hands under the dog’s back, Sherlock walking backwards, holding the hind legs.
“I don’t know. Why do you care? Why the fuck is that relevant?”
“Well,” John conceded. “For the rest of sixth form, anyway. I don’t think I’m compatible with dating in a boarding school.”
Sherlock looked over at John’s apology letter.
“A fortnight’s a long time,” Harry said truthfully. She still wasn’t used to John’s absence. Passing his empty bedroom at night felt alien and the house seemed to lack something, something warm and homely and dependable.
“My earlier hypothesis was correct. Jones emailed Lestrade, claiming to ‘have had enough of my rudeness’, and has banished me to Dr Hope’s class.”
The warm lights of the dining hall and the bubbling chatter bouncing off the high ceiling. John’s oversized hoodie. John’s smile as he looked up and saw Sherlock looking at him. All these things Sherlock knew he would miss over the long winter holiday, and resolved to dig his heels into the last few hours of the term before the bubble was burst.
Sherlock pushed himself a little away from the wall, stood up a little straighter. John checked behind himself to make sure he wasn’t going to crash into any small children, and when he looked back, Sherlock had his hands out and was teetering. John skated towards him, but Sherlock didn’t fall.
“Sorry about that,” he said. “Sherlock isn’t the most well-liked person here, as you might have guessed. You remember me telling you about the house singing competition?” Harry answered that she did. “Well, it’s next week, so there seems to be a practise every spare moment.” He passed through a door and into a corridor, another window set into a wall the colour of cream behind him. “We are now in the corridor where the all the lower sixth’s rooms are,” he explained, walking down it. “Me and Sherlock are right at the end and I refuse to read anything into that.”
John joined the queue for the ketchup, Sherlock behind, quiet now. His eyes were dancing around the room, and John wondered what it must be like in his head, under a constant and unending barrage of information, unable to stop thinking, and he wondered if that was why Sherlock had the sleeping patterns of an insomniac, his brain refusing to allow him even a second of rest.
John woke slowly.
“Sherlock,” John said quietly. “Bit not good,”
“Three,” Sherlock corrected automatically.
Sorry I lifted so much dialogue from the show in this chapter, I felt it had to be done, and I will avoid it (in this quantity) at all costs in the future, I promise!
Sherlock inwardly rolled his eyes.
“The one with the big nose. The way she keeps touching the ginger one, but he keeps shaking her off, and look – just above the balding history teacher’s collar?”
“One week, I left my coat in the therapist’s office, so I went back for it, but remembered just before I was about to knock on the door that she would be with a patient, with James specifically, so I waited. And, sure enough, fifty minutes later, the door opened and there he was. He looked a bit surprised to say the least, but I told him why I was there and then went in to get it, to get the coat, and when I came out again, he was waiting for me. So we walked home together.
“Here you go, love,” he said gently, placing the glass on the bedside table. Angelica opened her eyes and thanked him as he pulled up a chair. “So you’ve been feeling a bit off since last night, you say?”
“Oh, we might be in some of the same classes then. I take biology and chemistry too.”
“I thought this scheme was, what was it,
Sherlock took a visible breath and followed John out. “What?” he demanded.
John ran his torch beam over the walls. The graffiti was nowhere to be seen. The walls were bare, the back of the bike shed clean. “It’s been scrubbed off,”
“Ah,” Victor cautioned, snapping his hand shut. He gave Sherlock a (
“Not bad, thanks, not bad – Sherlock turned up at my house a few days in but it was pretty uneventful apart from that. Did you do anything interesting?”
“What does he teach?”
It was his waltz. All the emotions John had felt when he’d first heard it came rushing back, but this time, they were so intense he felt as if he was going to double over, as if each note was a punch to the gut, and nobody knew except him and Sherlock. It was like a small smile from one to the other in the middle of a crowd. A text in the middle of a lesson. A shared joke.
,” he proclaimed, interrupting, but no one seemed to care as jaws dropped.
“Fuck off, Harry.”
“Oh, I almost forgot, we got a mention in the local paper today,” John said, rooting around somewhere off screen. “Nothing big, obviously, everything is very hush-hush, but loo.,”
A little later on, they sat around one table, pretending to be helping each other with their work.
Sherlock did as he was told. “There we go,” John said. “Come on then, Captain.”
John inhaled deeply and nodded. “Go on, then, tell me how you knew,” he prompted.
“That perhaps your, um,
“It wasn’t exactly difficult,” Sherlock dismissed. “Give me your phone.”
John saw Harry step to the side to let his mother emerge from the window.
“The competition involves…” Lestrade sighed. “You know what, Eddie can explain.” He stepped back, rubbing his eyes. No nicknames today. Strange.
A few seconds passed, and Harry wondered if John was ever going to notice them in the crowd. But then she heard a voice exclaim,
John followed the snatches of music – more instruments joining in – to the music block, and then up the stairs to the door of a room on the top floor. However, as he got there, the music abruptly stopped and was replaced by muffled voices – unfriendly ones. There was a short burst of shouting and John slowed as he neared the door. He put his ear to the wood, but even so struggled to work out what exactly was going on –
“We were playing together and he tripped.” The other added.
He and Sherlock met in the middle, the world feeling impossibly wide around them.
“Ah, good morning, Sherlock,” the woman replied cheerily, walking across the room and throwing open the curtains. The lump groaned. “I’ll leave you to it, John.” Mrs Hudson said. “Breakfast is ready when you are.”
It was their room, John’s and Sherlock’s. She could identify immediately which bed was John’s (the one on the right as you look into the room, she committed it to memory) – same bed linen as at home, his shoes neatly arranged under his desk, clothes on the back of his chair in the way that used to drive their mother up the bloody walls –
There was a large bundle of people on the ice behind him, and it was only getting bigger as more and more people found themselves unable to swerve away in time, tripping over in their attempts to do so and joining those on their rears. Sherlock was one of them.
The words were yellow, and in capital letters, shouting out at them from the bricks. Sherlock approached the back of the garage that offered the first word,
a freak, after all!” But the information about Sherlock’s past. Information even John hadn’t known. Who had given it to her? And why did Sherlock still seem so unbothered?
Once the food had been eaten and the wine had been drunk, Lestrade gathered the Doyle boys and their families into an approximation of an audience.
Sherlock shoved him on the shoulder, and John laughed.
“No, you’re going to go take a shower, nice and cold, okay? You’ve got to sober up before mum comes home or she’s going to kill you.”
“You’ll have to go home and – and cover up, Sherlock.”
When John opened the door to his and Sherlock’s room, Sherlock was plucking his violin at the window.
John glared at Glen, who was trying to shake Ollie’s firm grip off him. After a moment, he succeeded and before he could be captured again, stalked off, slamming the common room door behind him. John felt the hands on him loosen and an audible exhale go through the group.
“A dream. Nightmare.”
All the while, tossing and turning on top of his duvet, a small thought grew in the back of his mind. A small thought that, by one in the morning, wasn’t so small anymore and eclipsed all else.
John opened his mouth in confusion. “I – no, I – ” he laughed. “I wasn’t calling you pumpkin,” he shook his head. “I meant we should go and carve the pumpkin now - you know, all hallows eve and all that?
Sherlock sat next to his father. Mrs Hudson sat on the other side. Mycroft and his mother were nowhere to be seen.
“Plus, it’s a chance to rub my victory in Anderson’s greasy little face,” Sherlock added.
If only he hadn’t let exhaustion get the better of him, if only he had tried harder to get him to talk, if only, if only, if only.
Sherlock’s face fell. “You – you don’t have to,” he said, and John willed himself not to blush.
“I have my back against the door at the moment,” came John’s voice from off screen. “So this is what you’d see if you came to visit. I don’t know if you can see our view from the window but it’s lovely – hang on – ” John walked forward through the room, their view bobbing about.
The concrete was cracked, old plastic tarpaulins and containers lay in heaps in the corners. They were surrounded on all sides by the backs of grey, windowless, hulking garages. But no case. John didn’t know what exactly a case looked like, but he didn’t think that was it.
John held up his hands in defeat and got into bed. Sherlock was coming more and more to remind John of that one kid in every primary school that sat in the back of the class and made snide comments like '
Sherlock helped him through the window. Once he had followed and put it back in its place, he said, “I’m sorry. I hated it too. But I thought I’d better show I had it.” He tucked the gun and the jacket into his coat, wrapping them up.
“I could fall asleep right here,” he said, and Sherlock could feel nothing except the warmth of John’s forearms where they rested on his legs.
Sherlock turned to him, face deceptively blank. “On the last page of the question booklet. There was a yellow circle. It had… two dots and a bracket inside it. Like a smiling face.”
The graveyard was dark and empty. There was a sign next to a tree, and Sherlock took out the mobile phone his parents had given him earlier that day, increasing the brightness and using the screen as a torch.
“Okay,” agreed John, “and then - oh.” Sherlock had taken off running in that elegant, loping manner of his, the sunlight dancing over his blazer. “I didn’t think you meant right now!” he called after him.
“You said that Lottie Turner is in your CCF section, yes?”
Of course, when Sherlock stopped sleeping, so did John. Not voluntarily, of course. John knew that Sherlock usually slept very little anyway, but John knew that Sherlock was also usually very careful not to wake him at night. However, those past few days, as soon as John let his eyelids fall shut, it seemed, Sherlock would say something, or start playing his violin, or start burning something, and John would jerk awake.
The next day was Sherlock’s first exam and John’s third: biology. They waited with Mike and Molly outside the sports hall to be let in. John was trying to keep his head above the buzzing of nervous energy vibrating through the bodies waiting with them. He should have been more than used to exams by now, but the way Mike kept looking down at his scrawled flash cards and the way Molly was biting her lip was infectious.
His father had made him breakfast. Beans for hair, two cooked tomatoes for eyes, a sausage for a smile. Sherlock had politely turned the meal down and the expression on his father’s face when he’d remembered why had been enough to make Sherlock’s dry tear ducts itch.
Sherlock looked out of his window, but it was impossible to tell in the darkness, so he opened it and stuck a hand out.
The doorbell rang for the first time that evening when John was polishing off the last slice of pizza.
?” Sherlock said. “That is way too long. I’ll have to find a way to speed up the process.”
All of the party guests were now crowded into the end of the drawing room, eyes fixed on the screen. John could feel Sherlock’s arm pressed against his own, and tried not to think.
John didn’t know what to do or say except put a hand lamely on his arm and squeeze.
“You don’t have to answer,” John said. “I just wanted to know. Today didn’t seem like the first time, so I just thought – ”
