“I’ll do it,” Castiel repeated, louder. When they still didn’t stop, he finally broke down and yelled, “Hey!”
Sam decided not to mention it when Dean slid into the backseat with Castiel. And when he caught them over and over in the rearview mirror—touching hands across the seat, then looping fingers, then slowly sliding closer to each other until, finally, Dean was under Castiel’s arm, head on his shoulder, the two of them eventually a tangled mess of trench coat and flannel in one corner of the car—he pretended not to notice.
Some magical asshole had beef with the PTA and found a way to enslave monsters to do their bidding. The problem was finding the witch, but the problem was also finding and killing the werewolves, vampires, and kitsunes before they killed more people. Dean was unconvinced; they should be looking for the witch, THEN the monsters. Sam and Claire disagreed. That left Castiel to choose a side: split down the middle or majority rule.
He must have arrived just minutes behind Castiel, because the angel was standing in the kitchen, still covered in blood and grime, cleaning off a machete in the sink. Dean stormed across the small room and grabbed Castiel, who dropped the knife with a loud clatter, by the collar of the borrowed t-shirt he was still wearing, slamming the angel’s back hard into the wall.
Dean held out his palm, and Castiel approached to take it. They linked their fingers together tightly and set off for the kitchen, unabashedly hand in hand.
“We do,” Sam said, ducking his head in shame. “But she’s not wrong.” He cleared his throat and shuffled.
"Dean?" I speak up softly, trying not to startle him as I round the corner. I crouch beside him, holding the top of the island for support. His head is hanging, and he's staring down at whatever's left of the beer bottle in his hand. Six or seven more empty ones litter the floor nearby, some tipped onto their sides.
“It’s fine,” said Jack, shrugging. Some of his nonchalance returned as he added, “You’re newlyweds.”
“Alright,” said Castiel, confused, but pushed the gas and pulled around to the side entrance in the woods anyway.
The song Castiel loved began again, and Dean crawled across the seat, shoving Castiel’s coats and the box of tapes into the floor. He took Castiel’s stunned face in both his hands. “I love you, you idiot,” he said, and leaned in to press his lips carefully against Castiel’s.
“You bastard,” said Castiel, crouching for his archangel blade that had fallen to the floor sometime during his trance. “Let him go. Now!” Michael laughed, and Castiel looked past him, trying to reach Dean’s soul. “Dean! Listen to me! You have to push him out—that’s not me with you! It’s—”
“I enjoyed it as a human,” Castiel said, shrugging. “It doesn’t serve much of a purpose now other than habit. I suppose if I drank enough, but it would take—well, more than we have here for not much payoff.”
“What’re ‘Bette Davis’ eyes?” Dean asked over his shoulder, not really caring, but making small talk nonetheless.
“When you broke through,” said Dean, nodding softly. “We were dancing to this. Then I heard you, and I looked over my shoulder, and I knew.”
“No, really,” said Dean. He turned and jerked open the car door. “I thought we’d hit the ‘hiding things from each other’ phase of marriage in a couple years, but we got there in a week. Must be some kind of record.”
Castiel wet his fingers and was leaning in close to the mirror to smooth the last few spikes when he stopped and stared at himself, stomach seizing. He widened his eyes and leaned in even closer, nose almost brushing the mirror. Reflected at Castiel were his eyes, blue as ever, but behind them a crackling, writhing light. Michael’s grace, however dormant it had been in the hours since its explosion in the car, was waking up.
Dean’s teeth clicked, and he suddenly realized his mouth had fallen open. “You had—I saw your wings.”
When they arrived Dean closed the door behind them and then took over, leading Castiel over to one of the recliners. Without speaking, Dean took the t-shirt from Castiel’s hand and tossed it aside, then pushed him down into the chair and climbed on top, straddling him. “You should go shirtless more often,” said Dean, and he bent down to pepper a line of kisses along Castiel’s collarbone.
“Good,” said Sam. Jack took a step back from Castiel as Sam approached with the water and pills. “Here.” He shook roughly half the pills into Castiel’s palm, then waited as the angel stiffly, slowly lifted them to his lips. Sam offered him the glass, but he shook his head.
“Good,” said Dean. He nodded at the stove. “Throw some butter in a pan and cook the onions you butchered.”
“It’s archangel magic,” said Michael. He shrugged. “And a touch of djinn poison—don’t give me that look. As long as I’m his roommate it won’t hurt Dean. Just keeps him a little quieter for me.”
Dean felt a little surge of warmth from Castiel’s palms, and then sure enough, the headache was gone. “Oh—uhh. Thanks, Cas.” He opened his eyes again and looked back at Sam, then up at Castiel, and then finally around the room. “We’re home? In the Bunker? Like—our Bunker? Not some Donnie Darko world?”
Dean chewed the inside of his cheek as he watched Castiel and tilted his chair backwards to balance on two legs, balancing with a foot against the desk. He made a mental list:
Dean sprang up to catch and stead him. “Woah, alright,” he said. “Arm over my shoulder. I gotcha.” Castiel did as instructed, slumping against the hunter. “I’ll call if I need you,” Dean called back to Sam, shuffling out of the room.
Dean stared at his hand and tried not to cry, but he felt his eyes sting. “Thank you,” he managed with some strain. “I—thank you, Rowena.”
Dean sighed low and turned his head to press his cheek to Castiel’s, and Castiel mirrored the sound.
“Had worse,” Dean answered, surprised by his own voice: it was mostly a wheeze, the noise scratching in his throat. He cleared it, but it didn’t do much good. “You look awful.”
“I didn’t wake you because you needed to rest,” Castiel argued, stepping to Dean as well. “And I thought the rest was obvious,” he said, pointing at his blood-striped cheeks.
and hit the enter key. The search pulled up a strange, scattered list of articles: ‘The Devil Wants You To Settle’ from Chastity.com, ‘8 Signs You’re Being Used For Sex,’ and too many links about Criss Angel to count. Dean sighed and mumbled to himself as he backspaced, “Don’t know what I expected.”
Sam recovered first. He lowered his gun and sighed. “Rowena? What are you doing here? Where the hell’d you come from? Were you following us?”
“Hey,” said Dean, softly. “C’mere.” He shrugged out of his coat and flannel and tossed them on a chair, then toed off his boots to crawl onto the bed. He scooted to lean against the headboard, and said again, “C’mere, Cas,” before reaching to gently guide Castiel towards him and settle the angel between his legs, resting his back against Dean’s chest. Castiel sighed and let his eyes droop, his head lolling back to rest just below Dean’s chin.
Dean looked up to find Jack seated on Castiel’s shoulders, the pair of them staggering awkwardly around as Jack stretched for a tree branch, trying to shake down the stuck frisbee. He smirked and shook his head, draining his beer. “They’re gonna hurt themselves.”
Quickly, Dean knelt down and started thumbing through the records. He flipped past Twisted Sister, Dio, REO Speedwagon, Ladyheart, and grumbled, “Freakin’ hair metal…” before stopping on a Motorhead vinyl for $5.99. He set it aside and kept flipping. Dean went through two of the crates and found a few things he liked—AC/DC, Black Sabbath, Jefferson Starship—and he set them out for himself, but still couldn’t find what he was looking for. He was losing hope by the time he began the third crate and was racing against the clock—five minutes to close—when he finally found the one he wanted—well, one of the ones. Deciding it was good enough, Dean piled up his records and the turntable and lugged them to the front.
“Cas,” Dean answered back, his voice more ragged than he intended. Still, his eyes stayed closed, though he sat back on his haunches, pulling his hands into his lap. He turned his face upward in Castiel’s hands. “Sam?”
“It’s—” Castiel started, then slowly sat up. His eyes were beginning to mist over as he looked from Dean to the turntable and back. “When you were—”
On the other side of the room, when Sam’s breathing had evened into soft snoring, Dean opened his eyes to stare at the white popcorn ceiling.
“He loves you, Cas,” he said softly. “More than I think he’s ever loved anyone. When you were—when you died, man, I really thought he was gonna die too. I think he wanted to. I think he even tried.” Sam closed the book in front of him and slid it away, taking a long drink from his beer. “I know you think when he says we need you that he means as a weapon,” he said. “But what he means is
Sam had just wrenched open the bunker door and was ushering Jack inside when Michael’s yell came out. He forced Jack into the hallway, but the three men hesitated at the threshold, looking back to the archangel, who cocked his head and smiled, blood coating his vessel’s teeth.
“Good,” said Castiel, sighing. He straightened after he settled Dean and looked from him to the pair beside Jack. He walked over and leaned down to press two fingers to Jack’s forehead. “Might as well use this while I have it,” he said, and closed his eyes. Grace flowed from his fingertips into Jack’s skin, and in response Jack inhaled deeply through his nose and scrunched his brows. A moment later, his eyes were fluttering open.
“Oh. Well, great! I’ll remember that the day you lock me in one of your secret dungeons then!” Dean tries to jest in vain but Cas due to being physically incapable of appreciating humor just stares impassively as per the usual.
“You should leave, son,” she softly says, wrapping her warm hands around his. “We’ll see each other soon.”
to focus on the darn laptop screen. Other than his fairly regular sexual escapades, it’s the music (if you can call it that) which I am made subject to.. daily.
“You bared your throat to a stranger, Dean! A traveler! He might be having 12 children of his own, already!”
On their part, Dean is rather tall for an Omega, but he believes he, at least, lacks the muscle and bulk that John or even Sam has at 17, which is a good thing, possibly. And further, his ‘combat skills’, learned from having mud-fights with Sammy, is another hindrance in finding him a suitable lord. Lady Talbot says that his delicate features and green eyes are about his only redeeming qualities, and of course some lord would eventually give him their bite if they are so kind to ‘ignore his freckles’.
It’s Dean... Of course, it’s Dean. Wow, there’s a splotchy red on his hands as well. Is that the cherry pie or just me? Have I ruined the pie as well... Oh, I liked the cherry ones. But I believe it’s just the blood, nothing more. Good then. The pie is saved.
When Dean feels the Alpha’s fingers loosening in his hair and the kiss turning from angry to passionate, a low and throaty moan inadvertently slips out of his treacherous mouth. The Alpha’s hands move down his back, harshly grabbing the flesh of his ass, the nails digging in, then travel lower still, grazing his thighs and before Dean realizes he’s being lifted up and deposited on the mahogany monstrosity behind him.
“Noooo... No no no no, come back, good boy.. Who’s a good boy, you’re a good boy. Giz, don’t. No! Hey!!
His sleep-shirt half undone, hair wet and a glorious mess, but blue eyes furious... And right below those eyes, a deep gash, like a battle-scar... He never noticed the scar before, hidden behind the hat, it’s hard to miss otherwise.
And it’s not like they’re not capable. In fact they are very much so, physically at least. They’re built that way indeed – much taller than the other sub-genders, with a much sharper sense of scent, can resort to their Alpha Strength whenever they wish to, are natural leaders because of their utmost important skill of shouting and growling and stomping their feet.
Tending to the garden helps, of course. I have always been called anti-social because I spend way too much time on my plants. Bal used to say that the garden came in my life before anyone else and that’s why I was always worried if the plants were adequately taken care of in my absence while Bal and I were out on our long weekends together. Personally, I believe it’s the other way round. I turned to the garden after.. things changed. It gave me peace, so I stayed.
Perhaps it’s the state of being numb. Professionals say this may be the seeds of depression. It could very well be. I won’t argue with their degrees, of course. It’s not that I haven’t reached out or sought help. I have. But there was no one. I am not someone who reaches out usually. And then when I did, two of my appointments got cancelled, because of “factors beyond our control” or simply put Expert’s unavailability. I was disheartened and I knew that I was being petty – that the whole world does not revolve around me. If I was so much in need, I should’ve booked myself a real appointment with a medical professional instead of anonymously reaching out to an internet expert on some free-mental-help-services-online-portal. It was rather cowardly of me.
Dean didn’t know what to make of it or what to do with it even, so he decided to tackle the groundwork first –
I started escaping to her place, which is right across from ours, quite a while ago... which is what I did today too.
“No, ma’am,” he says. Missouri smiles at those words, seemingly satisfied with his response. He continues, “Forgive me if I hurt you, ma’am. You sure you’re alright? I wasn’t lookin-”
“Find anything you fancy, my dear? It’s 3 shillings apiece and 5 for two!” says the slender bug-eyed girl with a sickeningly sweet smile.
He’s no longer attempting to kiss me now.. but he’s still cupping my face at least. That counts for something, right. I haven’t ruined everything again, yet. He bends forward and kisses my forehead instead. Okay. That’s good too. He’s looking at me in that strange way again. But he hasn’t moved his hands away. Just shifted them slightly. One back in my hair, ruffling them, as if they’re not already a mess. The other on the back of my wrist. Not letting go.
A few days later, when Dean’s almost wrapped up the kitchen work after their breakfast, humming away some vague tune, he turns and finds himself face to face with a hesitant Alpha, his long fingers slightly quivering, blue eyes unsure. Cas’ mouth opens and promptly closes a few times, before Dean finally asks what the matter is with his Alpha.
He’s oftentimes scared of ruining what he has, of wrecking his own happiness, of being foolish enough to lose this absolute marvel of a man.
openly affectionate or ‘touchy feely’ in the words of Charlie. I have never been a very physical person myself before and even Bal, at times, was somewhat considerate of my need for personal space. But it is not like that with Dean at all. I wonder if he even considers the possibility that some people might get uncomfortable around him.
step out and instead remains in the cart, while Dean and Joshua go out for the weekly supplies. It’s a short step in their relation, but progress nonetheless.
“Yes! He’s called Castiel. It’s an angel. Milton. He’s a Lord. Lord Castiel Milton of the Grey Castle. Or Greywood or Stone or Wall, perhaps. I’m not entirely sure. It’s up North! He likes his silk cravat and loathes his hat. And he-”
Dean tries to get back to his castle duties only to get easily distracted. His thoughts head in every horrid direction. His desserts go untouched. He cleans things already clean. He reads books without understanding a word. He breaks antique vases because of not paying any attention. He uses the meat mallet while entirely disregarding its protruding blades. This is when someone tightly holds his wrist, stopping him from continuing further, stopping him from hurting himself.
. Dean instinctively licked his lips and tried his best to be cheerful, hopeful, anything. But he couldn’t help the sudden shortness of his breath or the unknown nagging voice inside apprising him to be watchful for some reason.
“Cas, it’s well within your rights to demand answers. I get it. It’s just that... I’m not really good with... words and talking and stuff. It’s more of Sammy’s area of expertise. So try to stay with me on this one ‘kay..?”
It’s only after they’re halfway to the castle already does Dean remember that he’s still wearing the antique pendent chain on his wrist, like a bracelet or some kind, hidden underneath the layers and layers of nobility wear. That he didn’t pay Missouri for the pendent. That Missouri never asked for any coins.
this knot-headed imbecile. “Hm, pretty too!” he continues, roaming his eyes over Dean’s frame for a little too long. “How did you get it to submit, brother? Seeing the uh-” Michael waves his hand over at Cas’ face, at the scarring below one of his eyes.
“Why are we talking about this all of a sudden? Did I do something wrong? Did I make you uncomfortable somehow? What’s.. What.. I.. What did I..?”
Before Dean could reply, the Alpha bolts, leaving him all alone, and quickly returns with... a Medical Kit? Is his husband serious, right now?
Mother doesn’t like noisy children... which is why she has never been a fan of our school events. She likes quiet mornings, hot chamomile tea, and me. Sitting across from her, eating quietly, smiling politely and mostly staying mum. Most people wouldn’t even notice my presence at a single glance. Mother’s encouraging smile when I show her the test results is usually enough to make my mornings. It makes me feel like Mother loves me as much as Mrs. Kline loves Jack. So what if Mrs. Kline never misses out on the school events.. It’s just that Mother likes the quiet.
“Stop scaring ‘em off again, Rosen!!!” interrupts the exasperated voice of a young man, a boy even, from the adjoining Gift Booth.
Not to say that I am some blushing virgin. Of course I remember kissing another person. And being kissed. I remember when it felt exhilarating, probably because of the novelty of the act. And when it felt like I would keel over due to the untamed passion. And those other times when it felt like being invaded. Not all of it was bad, of course. These past experiences have certainly been... educational. But none of those times have felt like
. Unlike little lords Michael and Gabriel. But... as I was saying, a number of Castle Servants accompanied them both when they left, so it was just a few of us remaining here with... our Little Lord and his other brother,” says Joshua. Dean has somewhere lost track of the exhaustive exposition and so it further discombobulates him when there’s another member of the expansive family tree mentioned.
“I’ve already had my share of chauvinist pigs for the day. Let go of him and I’ll take it from here.”
And it’s not like my thighs are going to be on display anytime soon. Neither am I getting laid “left, right and center” here – contrary to what Dean believes. He’s called Meg my girlfriend multiple times now.
Dean finally decides to go all out and cants his head to properly scent the Alpha for the first time. And... yes! He found it! Found
. But right before Dean was about untie the string leaf, he feels something moving in the back and in the next instant, there’s a warm palm over his rear.
Joshua leads him straight through the cobbled streets, constantly remaining at his side while briefing or mostly warning him about the mart. The swindlers among villagers milling around, the confusing pathways, the sort of shops and booths, the freshness of the produce, the nursery which is right at the end of the mart and also is the only place they’re permitted to visit. And of course reminding him repeatedly to always stay by his side.
, the wings and horns and tail and drinking blood and breathing fire thing isn’t real. But who burned the cottages up the hills with those people still inside all those years ago then, sweet Kev?” That seems to shut the young boy up. She shifts her focus back on Dean and continues,
It’s not the errand-boy, thankfully, but a finely dressed lord with a gigantic hat and a cravat. Tall. Alpha. Very much so. Dean never understood the appeal of wearing a hat indoors, but the rich folks do as they please. And who wears a cravat in this weather? Wealthy pretentious ones, that’s who! He personally believes that wearing a hat indoors plainly means that one is either Royalty or a Murderer.
I unsuccessfully tried not to smile at his shenanigans, but it is rather difficult to hold back your emotions when you experience with your own eyes a 6 ft. tall man being bodily dragged by a Yorkie-Poo..
There are times when I feel inadequate to compliment Dean... Gabe used to cook. He had the appropriate skill and knowledge to properly appreciate this pie. He would’ve loved Dean’s baking. He used to make these obnoxiously sweet desserts and make a mess of not just the kitchen but the whole house..
“Him, ‘twas him, the nice-lookin’ lord. He took ‘er! Took ‘er with him, said he loved ‘er, he said! Took my sister,” says the little girl, looking straight into Dean’s eyes, latching onto his shoulders, her stare crazed and manic.
“Bug off, Sammy! Stop making a mountain out of a molehill, alright,” shouts Dean and Sam reluctantly put both his hands up knowing that it’s the end of this discussion.
If Cas wants him to take, he will gladly do so. Within the next few minutes, he divests himself and Cas of their clothes and starts riding the Alpha for all he’s worth. The pace punishingly slow, unhurried and painfully so. Cas’ hands stubbornly remain at his own sides, violently bunching the sheets, his bruised knuckles quickly turning white. Dean’s dead-set on tormenting Cas for as long as he can, teasing the Alpha, testing how far he will go, for how long he can hold back and not touch... not take.
Gabe still puts up with my constant complaining probably because of his misplaced guilt. Well, he was excessively apologetic about all those times he wasn't there, about leaving me in that shi..crap-hole, about moving on in his life, and about several thousand other things. I don’t exactly hold it against him though. He was a child himself. He had the chance to flee, to lead a better life, so he did. Simple. He says he never forgot about me and I believe him. it's easier that way.. Other than that, on the personal front, I have also learned a few basic cooking skills,
So, it turns out that I was right 3 years ago about Meg. She is quite intimidating. She is never the target of silly-names or paper-balls on the back of her head. Surprisingly, or not so surprisingly, the other kids kind of just leave her alone. And then one day, she comes to my table and sits down unprompted.. not that I could ask her to leave. And she’s stayed ever since. We go to school together, come back together, eat our lunches or rather my lunch together as she doesn’t bring hers, and even Jack and Alfie started liking her ever since she beat up Marv for drawing a phallic structure on the back of my shirt.
Dean feels his vision quickly blacking out. Dizziness swiftly taking over due to the inability to breathe. He’s not so certain that even Joshua’s presence could’ve helped him at the moment, even if the old Beta miraculously appeared within the next 5 seconds. Seeing as Dean’s scent is no good currently, he must think of some other way to bring Cas back somehow. Thinking - which is proving to be rather tedious for Dean, what with his feet still inches above the ground.
certain you don’t want to pee on me tonight or something?” quips Dean and Cas’ face goes pink instantly, his head ducking down. “Wha- Is the little Alpha blushing now?”
And, so it didn’t come as a surprise to me that Mother politely but disapprovingly took his breakfast away and ordered him upstairs. She does like to keep a tight rein on the household. But, Gabe being Gabe did the exact opposite and ran away... probably to Luke’s place. I strongly believe that Gabe planned on the slurping and knowingly tricked Mother into sending him away. He does enjoy riling her up.
Dean’s still silently laughing when he turns, with his hands full of presents for Cas. Not paying much attention to the path ahead, or even the people in front. Trying to tot up the coins he just spent. Distracted. And so, unsurprisingly, he collides rather harshly with a large frame. A person. An old lady, dressed in plain workwear, her tight black curls tied behind, eyes wise and weathered, much like Joshua’s, and a smile so kind yet stern it reminds him of Bobby.
Not a single vendor or trader tries to even approach the ‘Omega Lord’. None try to force some divine cupcake down his throat. None randomly start chattering or gossiping with him about obscure people and palaces. Instead they nudge the ‘butler’ to sell their trade, completely ignoring the ‘Omega’s’ existence - most in reverence to nobility but some in derision. It seems the wealthy are loathed in the North too same as Dean’s town - amazingly this likeness calms him.
To pushes turning into shoves. That too for reasons other than their ‘fun activities’ as Dean likes to call it or ‘sexual intercourse’ as Cas likes to call it.
Living with Gabe these few years have been arguably the best time of my life because of the sole reason that I finally know the names of all these fancy containers.
. To be loud. To remove those hands from my hips. To be assertive, perhaps. But I wasn’t given the opportunity to do that.. to
“Good morning, milord! Pardon me for asking, but – you’re up early. Anything I can assist you with?”
Dean doesn’t necessarily view himself as a sentimental person. Sammy, on the other hand, a huge baby! Even Bobby held Dean by his shoulders for longer than 5 seconds after the ceremony, which is equivalent to a normal person bawling their eyes out. Lady Hanscum wept first and winked later while simultaneously pinching his cheeks. Strong hands, those! But in the end, it was Mrs. Butters who looked the happiest of the lot.
Dean decides to take his husband’s approach this time. He gracefully steps back, giving Cas ample of time and space to ‘reconnect’ with his brother, if at all possible. Even though the two Alphas don’t look anywhere near excited to see each other. Dean right away notices the condescending manner in which this Michael treats Joshua and how he disregards the Omega entirely, and Dean immediately dislikes this Alpha.
“Oh, no milord. Not anymore, I’m afraid. They used to, years ago. But then they uh... moved. To be closer to the mart, of course. The hills are a ways away from the main village, you see!” says Joshua.
It’s my 11th, so I was expected to be on my best behavior on another one of Mother’s social gatherings and graciously accept all the wishes and smile politely and nod. But then Uncle Zach got me blue shorts and asked me to try them on in my room. So, I did...
. And he knows carriages, alright! Knows horses. It takes time, hitching, unhitching, harnessing, cleaning and surely feeding them afterwards. He’s absolutely sure that Joshua cannot hope to return for another half an hour. Or perhaps less. Dean cannot keep standing here waiting till then! And that too just so he could face his own husband with the strong reinforcement of their poor old gardener. Most certainly not!
In the end it still stings Dean. He holds himself responsible for not doing enough to keep the Winchester household together. He reminisces about the old days when he was still a boy, Sammy still a toddler, and John still a father. He likes to imagine how things would’ve been different if he was a proper Omega, an obedient and mindless servant to the Alphas of the world. He likes to mull over the possibility of Sammy reconciling with John once Dean ‘stops the bed-hopping’ and ‘gets settled with a good little Alpha Lord’ in the words of Lady Hanscum.
Their foreheads touch a moment later and Dean instantly feels his shoulders relaxing, his Alpha’s soothing scent already working wonders. Cas’ lips slowly move towards Dean’s collarbone, his nose tenderly moving away the sheer cloth of Dean’s white lace-up shirt. The Alpha gingerly starts with kitten licks at first, gradually moving towards the place he knows will make the Omega delirious.
Dean blinked at Castiel as understanding settled sadly over his face. “…right. Okay. I—I’m sorry, Cas. This has—it’s just got me spun out. Michael and the grace, and this new thing with us, it’s…”
In the backseat, Castiel looked up from Dean and caught Sam’s tense gaze in the rearview mirror. “Rowena, if that spell hurt him—”
Castiel stopped scratching and pressed his lips a moment before answering. “That was different,” he said. “…And rude.”
“Don’t wanna talk at all,” said Dean, and he ducked down to claim Castiel’s lips in a sweet, slow kiss.
Castiel said nothing. He barely even reacted—simply narrowed his eyes and gave a defiant uptick of his chin. Even without his full angelic power, Dean saw something powerful glance behind the blue irises, and the reminder that Castiel wasn’t human, could squash him like a bug if he felt like it, forced him back. He released the shirt and shuffled a step back, shaking his head.
“What’d I say about pots and kettles?” answered Dean, smirking. He rubbed his hands over his face, then up through his hair, pushing the wet strands back out of his eyes. When Castiel didn’t answer, he looked over, and found the almost-angel mimicking the motion, tousling his own dark hair into haphazard spikes. Dean’s smile softened. “The night we met, in that barn, that’s almost how your hair looked.”
Sam shook his head and dragged him backwards, a smile edging its way back to his lips. “C’mon,” he said, and then to Dean and Cas, “Just—try not to break anything else?” He started off into the hallway, and then muttered, “Or do, but keep it to the bedro—”
“I’ll kill you Sammy!” Dean growled and picked up a book from the table nearby, hurling it at Sam, who ducked away just in time, smirking. The book hit the wall on the other side of the entryway with a dull thud.
Dean shouldered his own pack and held out his hand to Sam, who took it. They locked eyes and nodded, and then Dean closed his, and with his other hand, gripped the Seal hard. A purple light flashed around them, and they disappeared.
Castiel shook his head, lifting dirty fingers to pinch at the bridge of his dirty nose. “No, he wouldn’t,” Castiel answered softly. He sighed through his nostrils and stood in silence for a moment, thinking, and then dropped his hand to look between Sam and Jack. “He looked at me,” he said. “Dean did, when I yelled. He saw me.”
Castiel turned to Sam then as well, winking at him out of Jack’s view. “Thank you for your part as well, Sam. What a lovely surprise.”
When everything was clean, he touted his sopping clothes back to the cliff to spread them out on the rocks beside the falls to dry, and he stretched out naked in the sunshine, eating and soaking up the beauty of this lonely, lovely place. Castiel assumed his chores took him four hours, and that it was nearly noon. He looked down at his legs and noticed his thighs were tanned but beginning to look very thin. His dark hair fell long and unruly into his eyes. His stomach growled, and Castiel glanced at what was left of the day’s food: three fruits that resembled peaches, a handful of deep purple berries, and two-dozen long, green bean pods. He’d have to go further out tomorrow; the food here was almost picked clean.
All the warmth of the moment left Dean’s chest in a punch, replaced by a chill of dread. “Don’t you ever leave me,” Dean whispered against Castiel’s lips.
Cas sat up and scooted to sit next to Dean, pulling the blanket up around their waists. “You mean, does this feel too good to be true?” he asked. Dean nodded, and he answered simply, “Yeah, sometimes.”
“I’ll sleep next to you,” answered Castiel. He kissed Dean harder for a moment, raking his hands back through Dean’s hair and settling them at the back of his neck before pulling away to rest their foreheads together. “I’m trying to tell you I’ve thought about this, and I want this. I want
Half an hour later, all four boys were seated at the table, and again Jack was all but force-feeding Castiel strange new foods: a burger with and without cheese, chips alone and chips with a bite of burger, Cheetos dipped in ranch (a combination Castiel found particularly loathsome).
Sam and Rowena were waiting in the war room. Dean hadn’t bothered to clean himself up and hadn’t given Castiel the time to do it either. They’d both slept in their jeans, and Dean dragged Castiel down the hallway by his wrist, both of them bloody-faced and rumbled from sleep, hair a mess. Dean still hadn’t cut his since Michael evacuated, and it was as long as Castiel’s, and sticking out in much the same way.
Castiel worked Dean slowly open as he sucked him off, pushing his fingers slowly in and out with the rhythm of his head. When Dean said his name, Castiel lifted his head and arched a brow to look up, and when they locked eyes, Dean nodded. “Almost,” said Castiel.
A loud, unbridled moan rippled through Castiel and he bucked up into Dean involuntarily, the noise and motion sending sparks surging through Dean’s blood. He let out his own cry, and then looked down to Castiel, whose eyes were blown wide open, crackling with blue fire. “Turn over,” he said to Dean, and Dean was powerless to resist.
He stood there in the dark, staring at the door, breathing as if he’d run a marathon. It felt like he was intruding on something incredibly private, some secret wish that belonged to Dean and not him, but—wasn’t he there too? Or a version of him. And wasn’t this also what he wanted? Castiel straightened his shoulders and stepped slowly back through into the room, where he found Dean and dream Cas still wrapped in their embrace, lips locked, oblivious to everything else in the world.
“One last thing, and then you can talk,” Castiel interrupted. “You can ask me as many times as you want to if this, if I, am real. Every minute of every day for the rest of our lives, if that’s what you need. And it will be the great privilege of my existence to be able to tell you it is.”
“Hey!” Dean called out over the dull roar of rain, reaching to cup Castiel’s cheek and draw his gaze back down. When he found blue eyes looking back into his, he tilted up his chin to bruise a kiss against Castiel’s lips, then broke it slowly with a grin.
“…married to a guy who’s not exactly human,” Sam finished, rolling his eyes at Dean. “But I’m glad that he is—you are,” he redirected, “and I’m glad that he’s married to you, Castiel.” A brief silence settled over the table as he began to extend his glass for the toast, but then withdrew it. “Also, I just want to say that I saw this coming the moment Cas said you had a ‘more profound bond,’ and a lot of people owe me money. So, thanks for that. Cheers, guys.”
He’d felt rage before. Often, even. Castiel was a soldier for millennia, and he’d felt it even more keenly since his fall and his time with the Winchesters—love of his family brought it out in him in ways he never expected. Still his anger was reserved for certain situations, and outbursts were rare, but the combination of frustrations and the strange, wilding grace were testing his patience. He still sat cross-legged in his circle of books, one particularly old volume open on the floor before him, elbows propped on his knees, head in his hands as he read.
It happens when Castiel is human, and that makes everything more painful. He’s working at a Gas-N-Sip. He’s trying to move on, so he slept with a redheaded reaper. He’s trying to move on, so when Dean comes to visit, he asks for a ride to the date he thinks he’s going on. He needs to show Dean he can do what normal humans do. He needs Dean to see him surviving. On some small level, though, he needs Dean to be jealous.
Just as the thought that this might be what it was like to not yet be born, Dean’s lungs prickled with need, and the weightless sensation vanished. He blew bubbles through his nose and planted his feet back into the sand, breaking the surface of the water with a gasp. He rubbed his hands over his eyes and looked back up at the moon, then turned around to see where he was. The current had carried him fifteen or so feet to the left of where he’d walked in, his body now in the vast, dark part of the sea the moonlight didn’t touch. Castiel stood at the edge of the water, almost shining, and behind him something
A moment later, there was another soft puff of air, and the seat beside him shifted. Dean smiled a little without opening his eyes. “Hey.”
“If there’s a chance he’s still alive, I gotta be ready to fight for him,” Dean finished softly, his shoulders releasing some tension.
“I know,” Dean grouched again, painting on a pained smile as Jack returned, the cheery sounds of Santana following behind him.
An invisible band tightened around his stomach and punched the air from his lungs; sent his heart thundering up into his throat.
Neither Sam nor Dean realized Jack and Castiel had stopped speaking, or that they were watching the sibling rivalry unfold. When it started, Castiel held up a finger to his lips and pointed to the brothers, whose backs were turned, and he and Jack observed in amused silence.
“Okay, uhh—come on Jack,” prompted Sam, reaching out for Jack’s shoulder to direct him back towards the door. “I—think you broke Cas,” he added more seriously.
The sound of the bunker door squeaking open stopped Sam short, and all three of the men suddenly rose from the table and bolted into the atrium. Clicking heels on metal stairs gave away the intruder with certainty.
Castiel answered with a measured smile and a half nod. He patted Sam’s forearm and slipped on down the hallway to his and Dean’s room.
“Not naked?” said Dean, brows lifting sarcastically. “There’s that college education.” He stepped aside and swung the door open to reveal Castiel, sitting cross-legged in the floor, also fully dressed, with his forehead in his palms. “We’re dealing with something.”
Castiel shut off the light and backed out of the bathroom. He snagged his phone from the dresser, cast one last look at Dean, and turned off the lamp to douse the room in darkness. Castiel made for the hallway, closing the door softly behind him.
“So…that was weird,” said Sam, eyeing Dean—carefully, keeping his gaze above the waist, as Dean was dripping wet and wearing only a towel barely tied around his waist.
“Thanks, Jack,” said Sam, and flipped open the lid to start shuffling through pill bottles. “Rowena say how far out she was?”
There are still some facets of human behavior that confuse him, but Dean’s reaction isn’t one of them. His face changes and he squirms like he wants to hide—and it’s all Cas can do to not whisk across the room and sweep Dean into his arms.
“Kid’s pretty excitable,” said Dean, elbowing Castiel gently in the ribs as the others left. He turned to set aside the vegetables he’d prepared in the meantime—bell peppers, a can of corn and one of black beans, Castiel’s tomato chunks. “Like father like son, right?”
their blood and then he gets another,” says Becky with an exaggerated gasp of her own, as if she’s not the one telling the story here. She’s now visibly giddy to have an audience of three for her antiques.
Cas doesn’t answer, doesn’t look up still, but his nose scrunches up and his brows furrow further as if saying
“Fucking stop this, Clarence. You know this is not your fault. There are psychological factors at play here. Even my dumb ass knows that. Fucking put your education to some use, you absolute moron! You were never this stupid to blame it on yourself. Come on, look at me. It wasn’t you who fucked it all up, okay. If Gabe was here, he would’ve-“
that. I wasn’t given the time. I recognize that it’s an ironic statement to make. Well, I am funny like that.
The thing is, I am, marginally, a selfish human being. And I am not yet ready to part with the warmth that Dean’s kind heart is capable of providing. I realize now that I am not strong enough to say No.
Dean wouldn’t complain in the least if that’s the case. And that must be the case, he’s sure! Cas is anything but cruel. He wouldn’t deprive Dean of something like this. He’s well aware that Dean hasn’t been to the outside world ever since he’s come up North. Of course he wouldn’t do that to Dean!
“Hm? No one! I fell in the stables an' hit my nose. Didn't realize there was spilled water. But Lady Hanscum said I can powder it for the ceremony. No worries! It’s not so terrible. And I-”
After a few moments of hesitancy, Cas finally musters up enough courage to acquiesce to Dean’s apparent wish, bringing the spoon to his own mouth first to blow on the hot soup, then slowly feeding it to Dean. Dean enjoys the attention thoroughly, steadily shifting closer and closer, until he’s practically sitting in Cas’ lap. Cas is still making sure not to touch him, leaning backwards, eyes cast down. Too tentative. Too careful. To not impose. To not hurt Dean.
Cas doesn’t let go of the wrists though. He brings them together instead, uses one of his hands to take off his undone day cravat, which is more of a scarf now that Dean is paying attention to it, and ties both the wrists together, a bit too tight. Again.
she whispers, for some reason. Seems to have a flair for the dramatic, this Becky. “Yes! A Beast, in this palace of grey stone who-”
The boys gossip almost all day about their town and the Carriage House and Mrs. Butters and her inn and everything else under the sun. The remaining hours they spend roughhousing like they used to, allegedly checking each other’s reflexes
Dean barely nods his head, unable to keep up, overwhelmed with their mingling scents, heavy and heady within the enclosed walls. The Keep soon fills with deep groans of pleasure, loud, absolutely filthy...
“You think I’m some helpless little Omega of yore who’ll stay down, nice and meek, keep my mouth shut and simply roll over!?”
And later, ran to Meg’s place. Her fluffy comforter feels nice.. heavy.. like you can drown under it.. or hide.
in love!” Jack exclaimed, beaming a huge smile just behind Sam, his hands pressed to his cheeks. Everyone went silent and looked over, and he threw up his hands. “I mean—aren’t you?” he faltered, though his grin didn’t.
The room settled into a comfortable silence, and Dean checked Castiel’s breathing before settling into his desk chair, opening his laptop. He pulled up a web browser and sat staring at where the cursor blinked in the search bar, gently tapping the keys. Finally, he blew out a puff of air and typed,
Castiel had smiled before—even chuckled. But he’d never laughed. Not like this. He leaned his head back against the wall and laughed from his chest, hard and genuine, and Dean couldn’t help but laugh with him. He let his hands slide out of Castiel’s hair and to the back of his neck, and Castiel trailed his own up from Dean’s knees to the small of his back. Castiel finally calmed and Dean leaned forward to press a kiss to the angel’s smile, and Castiel kissed him back.
“Come a little closer,” beckoned Michael. “These flames won’t hold me much longer, and my quarrel’s not with you. Well—unless you keep pestering me about the vessel. You are
“Come on, you love it,” said Dean, still wearing his grin. He rose from his kneel just slightly to crawl into Castiel’s cross-legged lap and straddle him, a knee on either side of the angel’s hips. He looped his arms around his neck and bumped their foreheads together.
“Romantic,” said Dean, clearing his throat. He looked down at his hands and sighed, standing. “I’ll get you a new record player.”
Castiel hazarded a small smile back, but it faltered almost instantly, and he exhaled in frustration. “Yes. But we have to be there for that to happen, and now we’re back to square one.”
“Shut up,” said Castiel, pushing Dean onto his back on the blanket. He kissed him wildly, raking fingers back through Dean’s hair, and Dean reciprocated—pulling and biting and working themselves into a frenzy. They didn’t notice that the crickets and cicadas had gone quiet, or that the wind was blowing harder, whipping the surface of the lake.
“It happens,” said Dean, smirking, watching Castiel. From the bedroom, a soft guitar found its way to the shower, muffled beneath the sound of the water. He let his hand trail lazily out of Castiel’s hair and down the side of his face, fingertips grazing stubble. He stopped there, briefly, to thumb over Castiel’s jawline, then let his fingers trace their way down Castiel’s goosebumped arm. “Hey,” he said softly, taking Castiel’s hand.
“The one I was reading,” explained Castiel, squinting closed his eyes again as another wave of grace shocked through his system. “The Lesser Key of Solomon.”
Dean waved his brother off flippantly; nothing that prevented him from walking was broken, but he was definitely concussed, and the dizzy spells, as much as he hated it, meant he needed a balance.
It never matters to you if you get hurt. You were going to let me hurt you just to calm me down, but—I don’t want that. It matters to me. Why do you get to take risks but I don’t? Do you—” he sucked in a breath. “Do you think I wouldn’t be broken without you? Do you think I don’t love you as much as y—"
Sam glanced over at Dean, then looked over to Castiel and sighed. He abandoned his pillow-fluffing and slipped into the seat opposite Castiel. “Cas,” he started softly. “You okay?”
“Okay,” said Dean, shaking his head. He disappeared out into the bedroom for a moment, then came back and draped a plain, blue flannel blanket around Castiel’s shoulders. “You gonna be mad if I lay down in the bed?”
“STOP!” Dean shouted. He banged his fist against the barrier and it cracked like thunder, but didn’t waver. “LET HIM GO!” He punched at it again, and again, thunder rumbled through the bunker, shaking the frames on the walls. The mist climbed up past their hips as Castiel fell to his knees and disappeared beyond the window. “CAS!”
“In here—uhh, library,” yelled Sam. He pushed back his chair and stood right as Dean came around the corner.
“Really. Most people pray to God, or the archangels they know from the Bible,” said Castiel. “In fact, my name isn’t well known. It’s mostly esoteric circles—Kabbalistic Jews, witches, the occasional pagan…”
“Anything you worship could be a god,” said Castiel. “Well—in God’s eyes. Money, food, intellect, desire…”
“I got ‘em,” said Dean. He cast one more look down at Castiel’s eyes, still wide, shining, and staring unblinking and unmoving at the ceiling, then strode across the room to dig through the shelves. He returned with two small vials and uncorked them both, settling them on the table. “How’s this work, Rowena?”
Dean grinned and tried to hide the color still deepening in his cheeks. “Sounds like she was really something.”
"I spoke with Sam," I say. "About Mary." I watch as he stiffens, watch that mask I know so well crack open as he lifts his beer. "Dean, I'm so sorry. If there's anything..." I trail off. I hate moments like these. I never know how to say exactly what I want to. Never know if the timing is right. So often, it isn't. So often, I speak and do more harm.
Sam didn’t answer, opting instead to just snicker again and shuffle across the room with Dean and their charge. They settled Castiel carefully on one side of the bed and while Dean adjusted the pillow, Sam stepped back and chewed the inside of his cheek. “It’s weird. Seeing Cas without the trench coat.”
Castiel nodded, and Sam walked out with Rowena on his heels. Seconds later, the Impala roared outside, and then the sound grew faint and disappeared. Castiel turned back to Jack.
it began. Dean snorted. “Solid choice, Winchester,” he said to himself, and retreated across the room to continue digging through a shelf he’d abandoned to follow Cas. He settled cross-legged before it and started pulling out the books it contained, stacking them off to the side: Slaughterhouse-Five, The Odyssey, Cat’s Cradle, On the Road…all his favorites. Nothing seemed out of place, except…
“I don’t mean a full eight hours,” said Dean, shaking his head. “But something’s gotta give. Maybe we crash for a good four, or something.”
“Y—” Dean started, lunging at Sam, but he stumbled as Sam sidestepped him. Dean’s momentum carried him face-first through a patch of undergrowth and he threw up his arm to protect his eyes, bursting through. He came down hard on the other side, skinning the palms of his hands on rockier ground. “Son of a…” he grumbled, catching his breath and pushing to his knees to observe his hands.
Castiel was forced violently back out of Dean’s mind, flung backwards to crash into the warehouse floor. Behind him, Sam and Rowena stood, staring, behind a wall of purple light. Rowena’s hands were lifted, her lips moving to keep up the spell, but Sam was still and silent, and looked, for once, terrified. Castiel gathered himself and rose to find Dean’s body, once again controlled by Michael, already standing, blood leaking from his nose and ears.
“I’m saying we find Belial and talk to him, and offer him a chance at revenge,” answered Sam. “See what he says.”
“Are you expecting a war, Dean?” Rowena’s voice trilled from a stuffed chair where she was reading on the other side of the room.
Castiel’s brow furrowed and a hand reached up to touch those lines, lips creased, but Dean laughed and shook his head. “Nah, man. I like ‘em. They suit you.”
“Shut up,” growled Castiel, though his hand with the blade lowered to his side. His stoic anger faltered.
Castiel didn’t think he was much of a blusher, but he found himself unable to answer verbally, and instead nodded, his face suddenly very hot. He reached out and took Dean’s hand, and Dean flashed a crooked grin and pulled him in quickly, bodies flush. He linked their fingers together and wound his other arm around Castiel’s back, watching the angel carefully. Castiel followed suit and looped his arm below Dean’s, fingers bunching up around his t-shirt.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean said. He cleared his throat for a third time. “If you—I don’t want you to go. Not ever again. I don’t know what the rules are—or if there are rules. I’m just—I don’t want you to have your own room anymore.” Castiel stared, and Dean blew out a breath, steadying himself. He reached out to take one of Castiel’s hands and turn it palm up, then extended his closed fist over it. “I don’t want my own room anymore either. I want our room.” He opened his hand and a small, silver ring fell into Castiel’s palm, and he withdrew. “For however long the rest of my life is. If you—if you want that too.”
Dean watched in silence as Cas lifted the needle, slipped the record back into its sleeve and then into a crate with all the others, which he then began flipping through. He pulled one and stared at it for a moment, then set it down, placed his hands on the table on either side of it, and hung his head with a sigh. “Cas?” Dean worried, sitting up and reaching for his own boxers on the corner of the bed.
“Probably something sassy,” said Dean, petulant. “Cause you’re like a teenage girl sometimes, man, with that eye-rolling.”
Something dark and hungry flashed in Castiel’s eyes, and he rolled back his shoulders to broaden his chest. He lifted his chin just slightly—defiantly, and answered lowly, “Would you like to try?”
“I’m afraid you’ll have to try harder than that,” said Michael. He no longer wore a smile. “You see, I’m a busy man. Got things to do, and you’re in my way.”
“Damnit, Dean!” Sam growled. He reached out and snatched the compass from Dean. “I know you miss Cas—I miss him too—but we can’t be stupid about this!”
Jack’s eyes widened and his jaw set, and he backed away to crouch beside Sam and drag him heavily away from the fire. Castiel turned back to Michael.
,” Rowena said. “And that’s a non-magical stone. We’re combining magic and science. The laws of nature will only bend so far.”
Despite the lack of sleep, Dean wasn’t tired, and when Sam joined him in the kitchen he all but shoved breakfast down his brother’s throat.
Sam stared at Dean, incredulous, and finally rolled his eyes. “Fine, whatever.” As he turned to leave, just before Dean’s door closed all the way, Sam caught sight of the door to Dean’s bathroom opening—though he didn’t think anything of it at the time.
Castiel blew out a breath and closed his eyes, focusing hard. He could feel the last wispy tendrils of Michael’s grace writhing in his blood, and he willed all of them into one place. With a burst of effort and light, Castiel blinked into nothingness.
“So, so many drinks,” said Dean, gulping, his cheeks somehow reddening even more. He turned to look at Castiel, finally, and the angel tilted his head, narrowing his eyes—not expectant, but curious—classic Castiel. “Don’t do that!” Dean fumbled.
He trailed his fingers over things absently, not really seeing or touching them, and let his mind wander.
Dean swallowed hard, but he nodded, staring at the hands holding his. “Yeah. I think I can do that.”
“I thought we weren’t going to risk it,” said Dean, frowning halfheartedly. He acquiesced a moment later. “But I’d rather have you at full power, actually,” he continued, glancing at Castiel.
“Okay,” said Castiel. He gently angled Dean to sit up straighter, and Dean obliged. Castiel’s arms wound further around—one all the way across Dean’s chest, and he used that hand to grip his shoulder. “This is how it was,” he said softly. “When I pulled you up from Hell.”
A man stands before them. Sharp nose, tight jaw, much like Cas’. Fancy clothes, a little older than Cas, but looking much more put together. Undoubtedly a wealthy lord. His eyes are blue too, but they’re hard, cold and calculated, not at all like Cas’. And his scent... Sour. Almost
“Cas, I don’t have some flowery language to rope you into letting me stay. I just know this simple fact that I am
And it’s not like he’s far from his own house and I am sure his bed is much more comfortable to lie in than the small couch in my living room or even my lap. But he is
It's not like there was someone physically holding me back from typing on a freaking laptop. But in the end, I still sat there and did nothing. I completely understand that this was my fault. This place in the middle where I’m stuck, it’s my fault. This place of...
So, she doesn’t notice the midnight escapes, she doesn’t notice the doubts, she doesn’t notice when Bal, the new exchange student, starts coming over a lot more.. And she certainly doesn’t notice her 16 year old son’s crumpled clothes or disheveled hair.
The old Dean would’ve ran behind his husband, demanding an apology or maybe a thorough rimming session, but this new Dean has sore throat and body aches. And this Dean’s world starts immediately rotating when he moves too quickly so he settles for lying on the bed instead, waiting for when his husband would return...
John used to be known as someone who prided himself on his sons’ discipline, obedience and code of behavior but that changed the day his eldest presented 7 years ago. As it happens, the Winchester Boys never really followed John’s rules to the letter. Dean would always find some loophole to skirt around said rules so that Sammy could get another hour in the sun, or so that Sammy could borrow another book from Bobby’s, or so that Sammy could have more food; however Dean was always careful to not let John know of his transgressions. But ever since Dean presented and Sammy started growing up, Sammy’s questions started growing too, as did his reproval of John’s parenting skills. This silent reproval shaped into expressed disagreement soon and all out quarrels later.
Of course he should start from the beginning, there’s the Great Hall, easy to find, then past the foyer to the right, there’s another hall with glass cabinets and a horde of books, the Library Hall then. Goodness, Sammy would fall head over heels for this room! With his mission to find the Kitchens temporarily forgotten, he decides to go round the floor counter-clockwise for his castle-expedition. The next one turns out to be the Music Hall, guessing from the gramophone and grand piano and flutes and several other instruments he doesn’t know the name of, followed by the cozy Drawing Room right across from the front doors with a shockingly huge fire place. He opens the adjoining door and the narrow hallway leads him to... Is this a Sun-room? For goodness’ sake! Can’t the wealthy just go outside for the sun? Instead of erecting a special room with sunbeds and glass-windows for walls... And for what, suntan? Good gracious!
“This uncertainty – it should’ve been sufficient to throw me into anxiety. But it surprisingly hasn’t... Instead, there is this calm. It’s not exactly peaceful though,
Our new neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Masters are here too. They are quite pleasant people. Their daughter on the other hand... Intimidating. Even Mother’s cold stare doesn’t scare me this much as this little girl’s little smirk is, considering she is in pigtails. Still intimidating. Uncle Zach is a welcome change to this strange insolent creature.
It’s a man. A beautiful man. Men are not generally beautiful. Not in the conventional sense, at least. But this man is an exceptional specimen of a symmetrical face. And eyes.. green. 6 ft. or taller possibly. Broad shoulders. Maybe in his late twenties or early thirties. He will easily be able to overpower me. I need to stay on my guard. I should inform Meg as soon as possible too. She’ll be furious if she found out that I hid something like this from her again. For the love of all that is holy, I do not want to join another one of Lisa’s self-defence classes. She’s a kind woman, of course, but one can only take so much yoga-bending in a freaking self-defence class.
He walks at a rather leisurely pace on the cobbled paths. Dawdles, really. Greedily taking in every nook and cranny of the place, as if he’d been shut away or perhaps caged for literal years. Sheds, some made with straws and bamboos, others looking solid and strong yet old. Patrons haggling over prices, hawkers yelling loudly and some even singing in obscure thick accents that Dean can hardly comprehend the words. Caterwauls of grains and pulses from one lane, fruits and vegetables from another, and spices and herbs from the other lane – including the caked, powdered, Assam and even Darjeeling teas. Sure to dispel the northern cold. Sides of meat and large cuts of beef hanging in the windows of the Butcher Parlors. And all this accompanied with noisy chatters and rowdy yelling which might’ve been an exchange of pleasant greetings for all Dean knows.
Also, the title of the chapter is taken from ‘Cherry Wine’ by Hozier, a song very close to my heart.
“No one says that, Rosen. It’s just you and your ridiculous tales of fantasy. I apologize on her behalf Mr.-” says Kevin before being interrupted by Becky. Again.
The thick patches of entangled trees serve as a formidable obstacle for any intruder. Dean doesn’t see how they can possibly move along from this endless abyss of tress. It’s clear why these woods would scare anyone away. He sees Cas pull up his horse to a stop and Dean follows. They both get down quickly and before Dean could ask the Alpha, Cas gently starts pulling on the reins while proceeding on foot.
Of course, he’s always been angry about something or the other – for not getting to watch his favorite movies, for not getting his favorite flavor of slushies, for being told not to spill food on his clothes, for being gifted with anything beige, and the list goes on. But
. The stairs lined with mud, the pots destroyed, thrown over perhaps. Absolutely ruined. As if struck by a cyclone.
When I don’t have to explain my relation with Meg to him. People have always been too quick to call me out on my alleged ‘over-reliance’ on her and that I need to ‘behave like an adult’, ‘man up’, ‘stop hiding behind her shadow’, deal with the plethora of my problems on my own and whatnot. But when she visits nowadays Dean just... readies another plate to serve her the pie. Of course the violence and rage is rather palpable in both their eyes, like all they’re waiting for is that one red flag to drop, signaling the start to the fight of their lives and the next moment they’ll inevitably be at each other’s throats. But in reality, they still sit silently, attempting to be civil, almost amicable... although both of their excessively clenched jaws will hardly be able to fool any onlooker. But then they shake hands at the end of the meal and the dining table remains intact still. So, I think it’s all good. Sort of. Most probably. Maybe.
with him but somewhere lost in his own thoughts. Always making sure that Dean comes even if the Alpha’s own knot doesn’t pop.
Cas has got him so much, it’s only fair that Dean returns the affection. But the real quandary here is that his blue-eyed husband’s not exactly known for his forthcoming nature. So what should he get for his Mate? Pocket-watches? Boring. Writing quills! Or a pen – fountain, non-leaky, ballpoint yada yada. Not like Dean knows the difference between any of them. He’ll just get two of each, yes! Asian
The two pay absolutely no attention to the old Beta and the raven haired Alpha standing a few feet away from the reuniting brothers.
“A wedding present. I meant to give you one, earlier... Well, never mind. Close your eyes, my beloved.”
In my quest for being not-Gabe and pleasing Mother, I am required to be present in today’s social gathering or ‘old-people-wingding’ as Gabe likes to call it. Mother doesn’t expect or rather want Gabe to attend because of the fruit-punch-affair of the last gathering, but I sincerely hope he stays and I am not the only human being under 35 – shaking hands, smiling at strangers or probably playing the piano. But alas, the lord does not wish for me to be happy.
The loud sound jolts me and I find myself slipping on the linoleum and oh, that was sharp.. was that the broken bottle..? Oh, come on! My hand.. the wrist, it’s.. It’s a bit hazy now, my vision. Oh, well. It’s not like I haven’t dreamed about doing this to myself, some day. But, not today. Not in an accident. This is hilarious, actually.
The next few hours passes by with Dean feeding his kid brother the fruit salad Dean absolutely refuses to eat every morning, then showing the kid almost the entire castle, and at last taking him to the Castle Library just to enjoy the look in those hazel eyes.
of people in front of him, all lively, quite noisy and completely chaotic. There are sounds of joy and laughter coming from one end with little demon children running around, and on another end there sit
ever since I said yes to the appointment. Or perhaps he’s just happy at the prospect of eating at the new Cajun Café. Either way, he says it’s ‘worth a shot’ and yet again I succumb to his wily ways...
It felt like freedom to Dean as the carriage puttered down the lonely road leaving the mist of early dawn. The absolute lack of any sign of life harkened back to his first time arriving at the castle. Of course there was plenty of excitement as well as nerves. But the one thing that calmed him down a little was the sky. The sky which was no longer a hazy grey unlike most northern mornings but was slowly turning a bright shade of blue instead, dotted with puffy white clouds. Clear. Soothing.
The Alpha takes sure steps forward, watchful of the uneven ground and wispy moss, carefully siding away the shrubbery and large leaves, cutting through branches to make way for them and their horses. Although there’s no clear trail to follow here, Cas doesn’t look perturbed in the least. Rather it looks like he knows the ins and outs of these woods quite well... Dean could hardly see where they were going in the shadowy woods, unable to gain any sense of direction, simply following his husband’s lead and pointedly ignoring the damp ground and creaking branches, while a smiling Cas keeps looking back to make sure Dean’s still by his side. It takes them a few panic-inducing minutes to actually cross the dense ensnarement.
“Nevertheless, in the absence of My Lady and My Lord, it must fall upon us to fulfill their obligations, of following the Milton tradition. You’re the Castle Omega! If they were here today, they would’ve given you such a grand welcoming...” says the Beta, his eyes glazed over, lost in memories perhaps. Good ones, Dean believes.
This is why I almost readily agreed to set foot outside of my four walled world and go to her birthday party. It wasn’t her who insisted though. Meg knows me. It was Mike - her current-boyfriend, who wanted to surprise her by having her best friend of almost two decades be there for her 26th. It was rather sweet really.
“Welcome to Castle Greystone!” says the Beta, smiling towards Dean, his initial displeasure vanished.
touched. Then I lean on the counter. It would’ve been better sitting but there’s glass all over the floor now and I am not ready yet for the serious damage it might cause and the ensuing shots. So, it’s better this way. Quick. Efficient. Cleanup is going to be onerous anyway.
“That’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about,” said Castiel. He shifted, placing his other hand over Dean’s. “I don’t want it back.”
“Yes,” Michael said simply. His hand moved, lightning fast, to Castiel’s shoulder. His fingers dug into the flesh, hard and quick, and spots of red began to bloom across the white t-shirt where they landed.
“Cas!” Dean yelled at the same time Sam, across the room, shouted, “No!” their voices tangling and echoing in the dark, a chorus of grief and need.
“Where’s—no, know what, I don’t care,” said Dean, shaking his head. “I guess we’ll get ‘em both then.”
“No,” agreed Castiel, backing away from Dean with a small sigh through his nostrils. He spread his palms on the table on either side of Dean’s hips and closed his eyes for a moment, stilling his breath.
“Apparently,” said Dean. Castiel stopped again in the sand close enough that the waves were just barely missing their feet, and Dean stopped with him.
“Well, rest assured,” said Castiel gently, smiling just barely. He pulled back his other hand to have a palm on either of Dean’s cheeks, forcing Dean to look him in the eye. “I love you, Dean Winchester, and I will fight for you as long as I live, or as long as you’ll have me.”
Dean blinked back tears and the tension left his shoulders, his face splitting into a wide smile. “That a yes?”
“Yeah,” Dean answered, flexing and turning his hand a little. He looked back up at Castiel. “Feels like it was made for me.”
“Why don’t you take Jack grocery shopping? Cas is human for a little while. He’s gonna be hungry. Get some of his favorites?”
Dean felt his heart lurch in adoration at the angel’s familiar expression, and let slip a small smile of endearment. Sam, ever watchful, noticed a lot about the two, and he caught this moment as well.
The teenage Gas-N-Sip cashier leaned on her elbows, grinning. The couple had walked in bickering, and they weren’t stopping as they approached the counter.
Dean hummed in contentment, lulled there by Castiel’s touch, though his cheeks flared hot and red. “Dunno how you can think that, but okay,” he said. “Whatever you say.”
“Cas, she’s right,” relented Sam in a low grumble. “And I’m the one who put him up to it so whatever happens in on me. We’re close now anyway.” Silence filled the car as he settled his foot on the pedal even harder, the Impala’s engine roaring and vibrating the floor.
“You left before I could say I loved you too,” Dean answered softly. He dipped his chin down and claimed another slow kiss. “Man,” he laughed low in his throat, leaning back. “Makin’ me feel like a teenager, Cas.” He steadied himself on Castiel’s shoulders and stood, then offered a hand down to the angel to pull him up. “C’mon. We should get down there.” His smile faltered. “Your eyes are—they’re starting again.”
Sam cut himself off with a brusque sigh as the stairs squeaked with Castiel’s descent. The angel lingered at the bottom of the steps with his hands in his pockets, peering over at Sam and Dean on the couch. The younger hunter rose and looked seriously between them both. “You guys need to talk. So, talk,” he said, and loped past Cas, taking the stairs two at a time.
“Yeah, of course,” said Sam. Jack squeezed Castiel’s shoulder and stood, pacing the few feet backwards towards the door.
What felt like long, hot minutes of burning from the inside turned out to be only seconds, and soon enough, the grace seemed to recognize Castiel as an angel—even if a lesser one—and it found a reasonably comfortable foothold in his chest. The pain and shaking ceased and the heat cooled to a gentle, but powerful warmth that radiated through every cell of his body. Castiel looked down at his palms, flexing his fingers in wonder at the sheer depth of feeling. He stood, marveling, until Sam’s voice broke him out of his trance.
“Yeah,” nodded Sam. “Mostly the Beatles, I think. I checked in a couple times. He sang the one he says Mom used to sing to him to get him to stop crying as a kid.”
“Try me,” said Castiel, and grunted as he pushed the tip of the blade just barely into his chest. Small spots of blood began to bloom across the white of his dress shirt, and light shone through the fabric.
Static electricity buzzed around them as Castiel collapsed onto Dean, kissed him hard, and then rolled onto his back, both of them breathing heavily. “That was…”
One hand came up around her throat, keeping her gnashing teeth at bay, while Dean shoved the barrel of his gun into her chest. “Come on!” he shouted, and pulled the trigger as claws tore viciously into the skin of his cheek. This time, the gun went off, the bullet ripping through the she-wolf’s heart and out the other side.
Dean sank to his knees in the bedroom floor, his eyes unfixed and watering. “No,” he whispered, and his body began to shake. “No.” Somewhere, in the back of his mind, a dull laughter began. It grew slowly louder, overwhelming him. Dean realized it was his own voice—Michael’s voice—and his stomach seized. He leaned forward and braced his hands on the floor and vomited.
Castiel watched as Dean built himself back into a thing of stone, as fascinating as it was heartbreaking, as he turned to Claire.
The clouds had moved in quickly on the wind, sending the world into premature darkness. Around them flew hundreds and hundreds of fireflies, blinking serenely in the shadow of the storm. They weaved in and out of the reeds and rushes, reflected on the water—swarms of little living, yellow stars. Castiel watched the fireflies, enraptured, and Dean watched Castiel, heart swelling in his chest. He let the almost-angel sit in silence for a few moments, then finally cleared his throat.
“Yes,” said Castiel. He opened his eyes and lifted his head, and pushed up out of his chair, but his knees buckled.
“Or I’ll take it from you!” Michael roared and advanced. He stopped short when Castiel dropped an archangel blade from his sleeve.
“Isn’t that my line?” said Dean with a little grin. He heard Castiel push a breathy laugh through his nose. “I’m sorry, Cas. That you had to see that. I know it must’ve been weird as hell.”
“M—fine,” said Castiel, catching his breath as Dean snagged him around the waist. The pair of them staggered into the bedroom and over the bed, Dean lowering them both in a heavy slump to the mattress. Castiel groaned and flopped onto his back.
Castiel was silent. He began to push up from the table and finally said, “You should get some rest, Sam.”
Dean didn’t speak. He stared back at Castiel, lips parted, heart thudding. Finally, he cleared his throat and simply grumbled, “C’mere,” and Castiel did. Dean lay back and crooked his arm beneath his head again, opening the other. Castiel tucked himself into it and Dean hugged him close into his side, crossing his ankles. Castiel’s head settled on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean leaned aside to press a kiss into the dark hair above his temple, sighing.
“Me and Sam come fishing up here sometimes when we get a couple days without a hunt,” Dean said, throwing the car into park. “C’mon.” He swung open the door and walked around to the trunk, popping it open. “Grab the cooler from the back?” he called to Castiel as he dug around.
“I dunno, I kind of want to see how this plays out,” said Sam, reaching for another beer. He passed it to Dean, who nodded in thanks.
Once he was out of sight, Sam stood from the map table and approached Dean, brows lifting conspiratorially, “So when’s the wedding?”
"It's a grief thing," Sam shrugs, takes a moment to drain the rest of his glass. "I mean, I get it. A few days ago we were kids. Dad was alive. She was happy. We're hers, but we're not hers."
“I don’t know,” said Cas. He wrapped both hands around the hot mug and added, soft and sad, “He won’t touch me, Sam. Or let me touch him.”
Dean interrupted the symphony with a quietly uttered, “Here,” and released Castiel to gently push Castiel’s hand off himself as well, instead taking hold of both their erections in one hand and lining them up. “Put your hand like mine,” he whispered, and when Castiel obliged, he rolled his hips forward and then back, pulling another too-loud moan from somewhere deep in the angel’s chest. “Good,” he half-groaned himself, and repeated the motion, grinding fluidly, slowly against Castiel, who arched himself back up into the rhythm.
“M’not a basket case,” protested Dean, carefully examining a piece of metal for any remaining smudges.
“Then get a move on, Sammy,” said Dean. He dropped the bacon in exasperation and went to snag a coffee mug. “Time moves faster for Cas, remember?”
“Thanks,” said Claire, and then smirked at Dean and Castiel. “So, who’s Dad and who’s Daddy? Our last name’s Jones, by the way. Keep it simple, easier to fake the IDs.”
“Michael’s been inside your head, Dean,” said Sam. “He knows how you think. He knows we’re not going to throw away something that useful. He just wants to break you, man, and you’ve gotta fight it.” He stared at Dean for a moment, working his jaw. “You’ve gotta fight it for Cas. Because if—”
Dean grinned and reached to poke Castiel in the ribs, trying to coax a smile out of him. “Having a good time ain’t nothing to be embarrassed about.”
“Alright, I need quiet,” said Rowena, and she stepped over to a large bowl on the table. “If I can’t focus I’ll muck it up, and none of us want that.”
Dean and Castiel both knew what Sam was doing, but they didn’t care. While he was outside they leaned into each other, swapping breathy, tentative kisses against the wall beside the door, hands in each other’s hair, exploring cheekbones and jawlines with fingers and brushes of lips as if at any moment, one of them might disappear.
Dean pulled his arms more securely around Castiel—protectively, as if he could stop whatever was raging inside the angel—and stayed up holding him all night, checking his pulse, watching his chest rise and fall with his breath.
Dean stared speechlessly back at Castiel, searching his gaze, until Castiel simply smiled and claimed a quick, gentle kiss. “Now,” said Castiel, backing away and releasing Dean. “Let’s go ‘kick it in the ass.’”
Castiel brought his hands forwards and up over his face, moving water and wet hair out of his eyes before opening them and looking over to Dean. They widened when he found him unclothed, but he simply said, “Of course,” and took a step back to make room.
“Yes,” said Castiel. “What’s interesting is the erosion.” He leaned forward and stretched out his arm to point at the side of one of the cliff faces. “See how there aren’t really distinctive layers in the rock?”
“Are you going to have a cake?” asked Jack genuinely. “Sam and I looked on the internet after you and Castiel left. Most weddings have cake. And lots of white—”
The ringing in his ears grew louder, and Dean’s body felt suddenly uncomfortably weightless, like the first drop of a tall rollercoaster, but there was no bottom. He didn’t resettle.
Dean smiled mockingly back before shoving another piece of bacon in his mouth and taking a sip of coffee. “So what’s the archangel lore say? Can we kill him?” he asked at large.
“Yes, we’ve just moved here,” Castiel said, gesturing to dean. “I’m Castiel Jones, and this is my—” he swallowed, “husband, Dean. Our—daughter, Claire, is a junior.”
Dean looked from Sam to Castiel and sighed, shuddered. “You were gone,” he said, voice wavering. Tears welled in his eyes again, still wide with fear. “I woke up and you—”
“We don’t know,” admitted Sam. “But I think we can make one. And I think, while we do that, we can figure out how to talk to Cas.”
“Oh,” Dean breathed after a moment. He swallowed his emotion down and smirked instead, leaning his head back against Castiel. “Had a thing for me even then, huh?”
Dean’s words caught in his throat. He lapsed back into silence for a while, content to hold onto Castiel. “I missed you, Cas,” he finally mumbled. “So damn much. I was—I was worried I’d never see you again.”
Dean approached protectively, and Sam held up his hand. “It’s alright, Dean,” he said softly, and looked to Castiel. “We don’t know how you’re gonna react, and if it’s bad—”
“You’re in love with him, of course,” said Michael, matter-of-factly. “Everyone knows that. I don’t even know this version of you, and I knew in minutes. Poor Castiel. Fallen so far, and in so many ways. But you didn’t know that
"Are you alright? What's happened?" Sam won't look at me. He doesn't look at anything. As I near, I notice the almost-empty liquor bottle to his left and the sweating glass in his hand. "Sam..."
“I warded the cloth,” said Sam, walking slowly toward Castiel. “So Michael wouldn’t feel it either.”
Dean eased the Impala lazily down the road, enjoying the hum and vibration of the engine, Castiel’s hand linked with his across the front seat. The low green country rolled by in subtle waves of earth outside the window, segmented in half by the empty two-lane road they traveled. Above them the sky was mostly clear, dotted with only a few clouds that threw the late-afternoon sunlight across the landscape in thick golden beams. In the distance, a dark gray thunderhead loomed on the flat horizon, flickering with sporadic branches of blue and white lightning.
“Yeah, okay,” mumbled Dean. He knelt before Castiel, whose eyes were still lazily closed. “Can you walk, Cas?”
“Sure, okay,” said Jack. He glanced from Sam, to Dean, then Castiel and back to Sam, picking up on the tension.
After a while, Castiel finally drained his drink, and set the glass aside. “I have something else for you,” he murmured to Dean, who was so quiet and still Castiel knew he was close to falling asleep.
“Probably us,” said Dean, handing off a glass to Castiel and leaning back on a hand. “Since it’s—y’know. Our honeymoon. But we ain’t exactly normal, so maybe…no Michael, no Chuck, no rules. Free will?”
Dean’s cheeks and ears flared red and he cleared his throat, but he remained silent. Sam shook his head and frowned.
Cas lifted his head, grinning darkly, and started, “That close already?” His face fell almost immediately when he looked properly at Dean, though: his eyes closed tight, brows furrowed, jaw set, head leaned back against the headboard. “Dean, what is it?”
“I don’t know,” said Jack. “Sam left about around seven, and Cas probably left about a half hour later, or so.”
In answer, Dean tilted his chin up and pressed a soft kiss to Castiel’s forehead, still holding his face in his hands. Castiel looked into Dean’s eyes when he pulled away and, instead of answering verbally, simply gave a small nod. Dean grinned and nuzzled the tip of his nose against Castiel’s, then dipped down to claim a proper kiss, warm and too tender to follow the fight of a few minutes before. Castiel shivered into it, simultaneously cold with his bare back against the stone wall and melting with Dean’s kiss, and Dean smiled.
“What’s wrong?” Jack asked, brows knitting. He pushed a bunch of witch hazel and aster into a coffee mug that read, in Old West lettering,
“I don’t know,” said the angel when cornered by the trio of hunters. They had almost divided themselves literally, Sam and Claire on one side of the kitchen table, Dean on the other, Cas somewhere in the middle.
"How long has she been gone?" I ask, my brows lowering. A pang pulls in my chest; I can't pretend these feelings belong to Jimmy anymore. This is my body now, and the things I feel are mine.
Dean snorted. “Right.” He stared at the little oasis, grinning wider than he meant to, and finally beamed back up at Castiel. “Thank you. Where’d you get all this stuff?”
Castiel sighed and took an involuntary step forward. This time Dean didn’t retreat, but his body locked up like he was ready getting to run or throw a punch. Castiel scanned his memory for painful truths he could share—truths that might not make it into a dream world, and he remembered what he’d seen of himself—or a version of himself—and Dean: locked hands and lips, tangled in each other’s bodies, open. He knew what he had to say, and his stomach twisted with the reality of it.
and about Bobby’s dirty ol’ junkyard which gives a strong competition to the Castle Keep. But what bothers Dean the most is the fact that these conversations never stray from Dean’s life and into Cas’s past. His husband is still as much of an enigma as he was the first time they met, especially reticent about the scar. Not that Dean cares about them, even a little bit.
“Uh, Kev asked. Good kid. Had an exam coming. So, I said yeah sure, why not. I am a big.. dog friendly human.. friend of dogs.. dog man.. Uh, I like dogs. Yeah.”
His husband seems taken aback at Dean’s disdainful response and then his blue eyes do a curious little thing – they close off, somehow, if that was even possible for the already stoic-faced Alpha. He slowly takes a breath to compose himself and gently says,
And as soon as his own moans fill it out, he stops caring about the utter silence inside the Castle.
The thing about Alphas is that they live in a delusion of grandeur. In a world of convenience. In a world which is centered around them and hinges on their very existence. A world where they’re used to getting everything they want.
The next midday when Dean finally returns to the Keep to continue with his sorting and cleaning, he’s only mildly surprised to find that the gigantic brown book is no longer there. It's missing.
I feel surprisingly warm when I wake up. Lying on my side, I see the insides of my wrist and there’s.. no scars. Actually, there are a few but they seem too light. Huh. I should probably ask Missouri about the ointment she used this time. When I try to check the other scars, I find my movements restricted.
They spend the next few days in a similar fashion, with Dean spending much of his day’s time with his kid brother, Joshua giving them both a thorough tour of the Castle Gardens while telling Sammy about weird local flowers and herbs and medicines and whatnot, and Cas graciously stepping back to give the brothers their moment to reconnect by sticking to his writing in the Study.
“Shush! Here, look at this beauty,” says Missouri, pointing towards a cross pendant which is noticeably
“Finally got yourself one too, hun,” says Michael, dismissively gesturing towards Dean standing a few feet away from the Alpha brothers. And okay, Dean absolutely
for him. Well, maybe it is. What do I know of intimacy in healthy... relationships? Is this a relationship? Dean hasn’t fucked me yet. Not to my recollection, at least. Not that he has any lack of options. Maybe he’s satisfied enough outside of... whatever it is that we’re doing here.
Dean, now relieved, continues to wait and gaze and observe. The few people outside the carriage-window look all the same yet somehow different to him. Reminding him of his own small town, of Bobby’s Yard and Mrs. Butters’ Inn and Sammy’s mound of books. Of Donna secretly feeding him those frosted little cupcakes from her bakery and of Bela forcibly making him try the newly stitched outfits from her dress-shop. It’s not long until he finally feels the carriage pulling up. He doesn’t wait for Joshua to open his door and dashes to quickly get out on his own.
his husband to spoil him at the moment, to touch him somewhere, everywhere, to soothe his worries. He needs to understand the difference.
It’s not actually. It’s 4:30 in the morning. But this inaccuracy isn’t as alarming as the unknown weight of the unknown arm on my naked(?) stomach. I don’t remember inviting a strange man in my home to accompany me to bed. Neither do I have any recent memory of being forcibly set up by Meg on one of her blind dates. Then, how did this man..
He doesn’t wake up when Dean leaves the bed at the crack of dawn. He doesn’t move an inch while Dean takes a quick bath. He snores away while Dean gets ready in his old clothes, the ones he wore at Bobby’s, the ones that make the Omega look inconspicuous. He even smiles in his dream when Dean gives him a small peck before leaving the room.
His prolonged visit, if one can call it that, has considerably impacted the color scheme of the house as well. It’s not ‘all beige’ anymore. There is more glow and iridescence perhaps. The place looks different.. More lived in. Like it’s cared for. Like it belongs to a family.
the kindest man Dean’s ever encountered, Alpha or not. A most benevolent heart, an attentive and thoughtful husband, and an absolute beast in the bed.
Not to compare his brute of a father with the sweet and warm Joshua though. Dean’s well aware of the value of this wise old man in his Mate’s life. Knows the place this Beta, perpetually dressed in muddy rags with hedge shears in those calloused hands, occupies in his Alpha’s small world. Dean believes it’s perhaps what Bobby is to Sammy and him...
to be extremely polite. Those great walls outside and the immaculate gardens are in a stark contrast to the grimy furnishings and the muddied floors and unclean windowpanes on the inside. So vastly different. If he didn’t see it with his own eyes, he would’ve never believed that a castle could look grungier than his Father’s bedroom.
Of course I love these three very much and there’s nothing I wouldn’t have done for them, even though one of them did turn out to be quite.. not what they claimed to be. But I still learned valuable life lessons from Bal, even if he was a “cheating asshole” and a “slimy dickwad” as adjudged generously by Meg and Gabe respectively.
“Uh, hi... I was just walking by, um... Joshua’s going to the market! May I come along!?” asks Dean, directing his request towards Joshua, who then unsurprisingly peeks at the Alpha to seek his approval perhaps, which is absurd really. It’s not like Dean requires his husband’s signed assent to step outside these wretched walls. It’s not the 16th century anymore! And even if he did, Cas would never stop him from something he wishes to do!
And so Dean finally says his goodbyes. He keeps his hand in the outstretched palm of his handsome husband, stares a bit longer in those stunning blues again, and finally steps into the carriage. Off to his new life, a bit nervous, but mainly delighted. And just then, he catches the sight of a lady in yellow, with a small child, walking towards the church he just exited. Is that... Lady Milligan? She came for the Handfasting.
“He doesn’t have it in him to hate anyone. He’s a nurturer,” says the Alpha, his soft smile growing feeble, “...tending to the most withering, wilting. He’s someone who brings water to the wounded, who feeds the starving... who frees the caged. He’s a good man.”
Dean’s eyes light up at the sight of the string of Bakeries and the scent of warm loaves. He doesn’t realize when the plump old baker lady sees him approaching, the first one to pay him any attention really, and swiftly forces something sugary down his throat. He inadvertently closes his eyes and a deep groan slips his mouth. He doesn’t care an ounce when he sputters a loud, “flmmpf, thees ees goooog” while his mouth is still full like some cretin. So naturally he puts his clinking coin-pouch to some use and gets a box of those sugary treats.
Oh well, Dean had already been mentally prepared for thorough scrutiny by his Alpha’s family members and servants but this man refused to even
Cas doesn’t stop there though. His hands slowly but surely reach Dean’s face, running his fingers through and then scooping up the mess he just made. Dean stills then, dares not to break eye contact or even blink, afraid that he’ll somehow spook the Alpha or it’ll all be just a cruel, cruel dream. Cas then gently slathers and smears his seed over Dean’s entire torso, coating Dean from head to toe in Alpha come, those large hands touching Dean everywhere at once, covering him in the Alpha’s scent, marking him up in the most primal sense ever.
Cas utters these words with so much venom and so matter-of-factly that Dean stumbles back a little, momentarily forgetting what he was going to say next. Those once warm eyes harden all of a sudden, the calm and teasing demeanor instantly forgotten. The Alpha’s angry scowl stays long enough to demonstrate that his view about John isn’t going to change anytime soon.
“Why have you decided to leave, Mr. Fancy Eyes? Do you not find the lodgings satisfactory? Or is the Stable out not up to your standing? Or are you just an Alpha prude who wishes to lock all Omegas behind barred doors?”
Sometimes I feel like it’s not that Mother likes me... It’s just that she disapproves of Gabe so much that she’s relieved for having someone who’s not-Gabe.
The Beta doesn’t seem particularly keen to recall the bygone years, seeing his furrowed brows. He slowly puts his shears down on the grass and looks at Dean with his wise old eyes, faintly smiling as if he’s deciding whether Dean deserves his honesty or not and says,
. It’s so unlike the Cas he’s used to seeing that it feels as though Dean’s intruding on a private moment here.
Dean thinks of the mucky Woodhouse Inn and the overworked but underpaid errand-boys, and decides that Mrs. Butters doesn’t have the heart to appreciate Dean’s benevolence here. Thus offering his far too saccharine smile he says,
, I’m afraid,” he refuses but she doesn’t listen and proceeds to pull his right arm toward her, tying the chain on his wrist instead of his neck. And Dean lets her.
The Alpha gingerly closes the distance and reaches for Dean’s shoulder, as if he’s on the lookout for any resistance, as if Dean would
It doesn’t deter Dean though, he moves on to Cas’ neck next, mere licks and nips turning into actual bites, one step shy from sinking his teeth in, and
Despite the earlier variance between them, the apple pie was a success. Thoroughly satisfied with the day he had, Dean finally goes upstairs and decides to take a long bath. He was about to disrobe as he waited for the tub to fill with hot water, when all of a sudden he feels warm hands enveloping him from behind.
Cas looks much more inexpressive than usual. His scent in a tight check as always, but the hard lines of his jaw tell a different tale. There’s a slight difference that Dean’s come to identify between an angry stone-faced Cas, a calm stone-faced Cas and a teasing stone-faced Cas. It’s the eyes, he believes. Those blues have always been warm whenever they met Dean’s. But they look a bit strange now. Hard.  The gleam of affection missing. They’re blank instead. Empty, maybe.
Dean begins to turn his face slightly to look behind him but is soon stopped by a harsh grip on the back of his head. The Alpha now fisting his hair and firmly holding him in place. Dean hardly gets a moment to gasp before he feels his mouth being roughly invaded. The kiss is all teeth at first. Fiery. Demanding. Both trying to one-up each other. Both fighting for dominance. Biting down. Tasting blood. Not knowing whose.
Barely visible, but there nonetheless. Adorned with pearls and floral motifs, but a collar still. Can easily be mistaken as some ornate neck-piece, but it’s not. He knows. Every Omega knows. None of the other Omegas seem to be wearing any, though. The ‘ordinary’ folk perhaps. Mere villagers. Insignificant... and thus, free. Dressed in workwear. Simple. Plain. As is Dean.
“Okay, I get it. It’s fine. I can move to my place right at this second. I won’t force you to entertain me any longer, ‘kay. You can relax. Not gonna hog all your space.”
“Would he, now?” asked Michael, his smile widening. He turned his back to Castiel, pacing around the inside of the circle. “That’s not what it looks like on my end.”
For a few moments, Dean was only greeted by the shallow echoes of his own voice drifting up the staircase. Then, a minute later, the heavy sounds of footfalls announced his brother’s arrival. “You’re awake,” said Sam, sighing. “And speaking.”
“It’s okay, just—” said Sam, and then cut himself off, digging in his pocket. “Here, you know what? I’ll call the burners. It’ll be okay.”
“Stop,” said Castiel. He shook his head and lifted his other hand to press against the strange window, beckoning Dean’s other palm. “I’m alright. I’m on—well, I’m in the Garden of Eden. Earth as it was before God made mankind.” A brief, wistful smile skirted Castiel’s features. “I wish you could see it, Dean.”
“It’s really me,” said Castiel, and he began walking forwards. His footfalls were silent and appeared to land on nothing.
“Shut up,” grouched Dean, padding back over to Castiel. He sat on the edge of the bed near where the angel sat in the floor. “We weren’t. It’s just—”
to take us all on without your grace, even unarmed.” Dean took a step forward, anger masquerading as confidence. Michael merely tilted his head, watching Dean with all the interest of someone observing a caged lion in a zoo.
Castiel pushed his hands up underneath Dean’s shirt to drag his fingers down along Dean’s sides and over his chest, and Dean wound an arm around Castiel’s back and pushed himself to a seat without breaking the kiss, forcing Castiel to straddle him. Dean was clumsily dragging up the hem of Castiel’s t-shirt when the first raindrop landed fat and heavy on his forearm. He ignored or didn’t notice it, distracted with digging fingers into the skin of Castiel’s back and tugging at his clothes, pulling low sounds of pleasure past Castiel’s mouth with his lips and tongue and teeth.
Castiel’s nostrils flared, and Dean didn’t miss that same sinister flash of grace behind the blue eyes. “Sam was very clear.”
“That I don’t want to be quiet,” Castiel answered, voice almost a growl. He lurched forwards and claimed Dean’s lips hard, and as he did, he snapped his fingers.
“I don’t need to,” answered Sam. “But Cas, Dean loves you. We all do, but it’s different with him. You have to know he does.”
“So…what? There’s not another one, is there?” asked Dean. He reached forward to pick at a sandwich Sam had made him, pulling off the crust.
Dean spent two days in the Verona hospital before he woke. The painkiller fog only lasted for a moment; his hunter’s instincts kicked in and his heart thumped wildly as he took in the unfamiliar surroundings, sending the pulse monitor into a panic. He tried to sit up, reaching to jerk the IV from his hand, but pain shuddered him backwards and he hissed a swear through his teeth.
“When Lucifer had her in that other world. You were so certain she was gone,” Sam explained. “But she wasn’t. So, yeah. I really think Cas is alive.”
So they gave their awkward hugs, said their goodbyes, and watched Claire rattle off down the road in her old car.
“I’ll let you know,” said Castiel, offering that tired smile to Sam as well. “For right now, if you don’t mind though, I think I’d actually like to be alone for a while.”
Dean swallowed hard. “I love you,” he said, voice cracking again. “I’m so damn happy you’re alive, Cas. I can hardly stand it.”
Dean staggered backwards into his room, propelled by Castiel’s kiss, and Castiel closed the door behind them without parting their lips. Dean gasped into the kiss, shocked, but not resistant. Castiel gripped Dean’s hip and started walking them backwards, and Dean only broke the kiss when Castiel wound a hand into the back of his hair, and he flinched. Castiel blinked and withdrew and looked down to find his hand speckled in blood.
Sam furrowed his brow and set aside his beer. “Dean? What’s going on?” He watched his brother squeeze the edge of the table, then reach up and run a hand over his face, back through his hair, and understanding washed over him in a sad, slow wave. “This isn’t Michael. This is real,” he said softly. “You’re out.”
“It’s—what, nine?” said Dean, whipping around to check the clock on the coffee maker. 9:17. “Damnit,” he grumbled, stalking out of the kitchen.
“I am okay,” said Castiel. “In that way,” he amended carefully. He gathered the blanket ends in one hand to keep it secured around them as he reached over the front seat, feeling for a bottle. He brought up the whiskey, then thought better of it, and switched it out for the water. “I have no desire to go through the burnout again. It was…painful,” he admitted, before using his teeth to awkwardly unscrew the water bottle’s lid. He spit it across the car and then lowered the bottle to Dean’s lips. “Drink something, please. For me.”
“For you shall worship no other god, for the Lord, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God,” Castiel recited blandly. He reached to cap his pen.
Castiel froze and his heart stuttered, but Dean held his ground, and it gave Castiel the encouragement he needed. He closed his eyes and angled his body so his back was against the door, and Dean pressed in closer. Castiel weaved his arms around Dean’s middle and finally kissed him back, hard.
“You’re still my angel,” said Dean softly, shifting to hoist up Castiel a bit. He paused outside his door and stared at it, sighed again, then looked at Castiel. “Can you stand on your own?”
Sam was quiet for a few moments. He looked down into his coffee and stared, and finally said softly, “We’ve seen him worse. He’s spiraling, but we’ll pull him back. We always do.”
“She better,” said Dean, leaning around to look pointedly at the witch. “Or she won’t feel ‘fine’ much longer.”
Out in the real world, trapped on his knees in a ring of fire, hands bound by magic, Dean Winchester opened his eyes.
“Since I’ve got precious human cargo, alright?” he answered, gesturing to Castiel, who rolled his eyes.
With a sigh, Sam looked back to Castiel and frowned, watching the angel shudder as the grace ricocheted through his body. “It’s killing you, isn’t it?” he asked softly.
A thick silence rolled into the room like fog, so tangible the act of clearing it enough to speak true felt, to Dean, physical. When he finally answered, his voice was almost a whisper. “You’re human. You die a lot easier now. I can’t—” his voice got caught in his throat and he shook his head.
“It is,” said Castiel. “I’d like to kiss you, but my human nose would like you to brush your teeth before I do.”
Dean was silent for a moment. He took a large sip of his whiskey and shook his head, grumbling finally, “Can’t argue with that one.”
"Why?" Dean whispers. His chest hitches. I know he'd hate it, but I know he knows, and I know right now he doesn't care.
“Yeah you are,” said Dean, and he smirked. He leaned to nip Cas’s bottom lip with a playful growl, and Cas slid his hands down over Dean’s chest, then wound them around Dean's back to pull him flush.
“You need to eat something,” Sam answered simply. “And you were—I can’t explain it, Dean. You weren’t even acting human. It was like something had taken over you. I didn’t know what else to do.”
“What’s it look like I’m doing, Cas?” Dean snapped, turning around to face Castiel, features hard, angry.
Dean’s cheeks colored. “Yeah, well. Sam can bite me. Anyway, it’s a special occasion. It’s not often you get to eat without it tasting like—what was it, molecules?”
“Northeast, with Bobby,” said Sam. “I wanted to keep her out of this thing with Michael. Keep her safe until we knew you and Cas were both out of the woods.”
“I know,” Sam sighed. “Alright. It’s your call, then. What the hell. It’s about a snowball’s chance either way, right?”
Dean smirked. “Solid breakfast choice,” he said, padding for the coffee pot. His brows knit when he found it brewed, but the maker turned off, long enough abandoned to have gone cold. A soft, sugary smell wafted toward him and he sniffed. “You baking something?”
Dean haunted the quiet, dim halls of the bunker like a specter. He passed by the room that had become Jack’s to find the door open, the teen stretched out on his bed surrounded by books of angelic lore, sleeping against the headboard, with all the lights still on. Despite his anxiety, Dean couldn’t fight back a soft chuckle, and he quietly entered the room to carefully mark the pages and move the books to Jack’s desk. He even went so far as to gingerly tug off Jack’s shoes, placing them by the foot of the bed, then hit the lights as he left and gently shut the door.
“Then it’s a last resort,” said Sam, stepping towards Castiel almost protectively. “We’re not sacrificing you, Cas.”
Sam gave up a tired smirk. “Alright, well, I don’t know. But if you’re gonna stay here I really, really need you to chill. I’m chasing a lead that I think could work.”
“Alright,” said Sam. He polished off the rest of his food in record time, downed the rest of his coffee with a grimace, then scooped up one of the backpacks. “Let’s do this.”
“Alright,” he said, splashing a couple ounces of whiskey in the glasses he’d brought out. “Let’s do this.” He’d just started pouring the fourth glass when he faltered, looking up at Jack.
Castiel was silent for a moment. He stared off into the distance and then sighed, closed his eyes, and turned his face up into the late morning sun. “Alright,” he said simply. “Tell me the plan.”
The angel nodded and very slowly pulled himself nearly all the way out, and never leaving Dean’s gaze, rolled himself all the way back in over a period of long seconds. Castiel held himself up easily with one arm, the other hand squeezing up Dean’s length over the same span of time. Dean’s eyes rolled and his back arched, and again, Castiel stopped. This time, he sat back and pulled Dean up in a gentle, fluid motion, sinking Dean onto his lap in a deep straddle that made them both shiver.
Castiel nodded and moved across the room to lean against the windowsill. He tapped at his phone, and moments later, said, “Sam’s on his way. I’ll alert the nurse.”
” said Rowena. She mumbled something in Latin, and a comforting warmth fell over the room. “Should about do it,” she said to herself, and then looked to Castiel. “Would you like to do the honors, angel?”
“The same,” said Cas wearily, and slid into a seat at the table. He nodded at Sam, and Sam filled a second mug. “He didn’t sleep at all. He tore his room apart looking for these cassette tapes he’s convinced he’s supposed to have.”
Slowly, Castiel unstuck his feet from the floor and made his way to the couch, seating himself at the end opposite Dean, but angled in to face him. He watched as the hunter wrestled, again, with that many-tentacled beast locked inside his body, a hand coming up to swipe his face.
“Yeah. Hey, Jack!” Sam turned to yell down the hallway. “Call Rowena and c’mere!” He turned back to Castiel and loped over. “Come on. Let’s get you into a chair at least. Can you move at all?”
“Alright—here,” said Sam. Castiel leaned back as much as he could, and Sam carefully poured a few sips worth of water into Castiel’s mouth. “Got it?”
Castiel again reached up to gently coax it back out with a swipe of his thumb and laughed through his nose. “Persephone isn’t real, but her original mythos is loosely based on an encounter I had with a…Dean, are you alright?”
Sam nodded, adjusted his pack, and they set off through the field of wildflowers towards the treeline.
“Did you not kill the devil, lad?” she said. “I’m a free woman thanks to you and your brother. I feel I owe you something for that—and once you’ve got it, we make a deal.”
That wasn’t Castiel’s vessel. He wasn’t sharing it with anyone. That’s where Castiel lived now. That was his body. That was Cas.
Earlier, Sam and Castiel risked leaving the warded room and drove around town until they found somewhere with cars they could steal, but remote enough that nobody would bother them. They found a run-down SUV that Sam hotwired and drove back to the hotel, Castiel following in the Impala. As soon as they returned, Rowena and Jack joined them with cans of spray paint and set about warding the car nearly as heavily as they’d warded the room. It wouldn’t be quite as good, Rowena said, since it wouldn’t be stationary, but it would help. Archangel grace was like a beacon and traveling with a little magic would make it at least marginally less visible while they went from the hotel to the warehouse.
“How did you know this was here?” Castiel asked as Dean pulled off the dirt road and slowed to a stop near a solid-looking stretch of shoreline.
“Uhh—sorry,” Sam called back out to Dean, shrugging at Castiel. “I don’t know,” he said. “My relationships haven’t exactly lasted.”
and you never said it back.” He sucked in a breath in an attempt to steady himself, and he became suddenly aware of his physical body again, outside of this interaction of the mind: his wings were begging to unfold. “And then I
“You know I probably won’t actually be teaching,” Sam said, sighing. “I need to get into the teacher’s lounge, have access to files…besides, you heard that girl at the gas station. You guys kindof vibe. You’d be our in at the PTA” he finished, looking from Dean to Castiel.
Lebanon, Kansas was small—roughly 200 people in total population small—and while it typically annoyed Dean that this meant nothing was open late and you had to drive out of the city limits to find anything worth doing, tonight, Dean was thankful for the extra time.
Dean and Jack both looked over at him once more. “Really?” asked Dean, stepping closer to peer at the book over Sam’s shoulder.
“I’m—” Castiel began, but his climax cut him off. He angled his body backwards and held onto Dean’s thighs for purchase, letting out a loud wail of pleasure as he came.
“Of course,” said Dean. “And Cas? He watching TV somewhere?” The microwave dinged, and Dean took out his hot coffee, blowing at the steam.
“Exactly,” said Sam, taking a drink of his own. He watched his brother—the way his shoulders began to fall in a kind of strange self-defeat.
Cas healed Dean and dropped to his knees to level with the hunter. He pulled Dean’s face to his, crashing their foreheads together first, then their mouths, rough and desperate and sorry. But Dean didn’t kiss him back. He didn’t give him time. It was over and he was standing in an instant, and the hand still cradling Dean’s face sucked away the memory. Dean blinked up at him.
Dean tilted his head in acquiescence, then cleared his throat. “Anyway. You okay to keep an eye on him for a sec? I need a bathroom break. And I left two perfectly good bottles of whiskey in the car.”
“Dean!” Castiel called out, and despite the distance, there was no echo. The figure stopped, rose slowly, and turned around.
“Okay,” said Sam. He looked Dean over. “Not that I care, but if you don’t want everyone seeing the evidence of your morning activities, you should go wash your face.” Sam glanced over to Castiel and cleared his throat. “Both of you. Anyway, Jack’s not up yet, and seeing you guys bloody might freak him out.”
Castiel was breathless, pink-lipped, blue eyes blown wide and wild. His hair stuck up at odd angles where Dean’s hands had been wandering, and Dean was reminded of the night they met all those years ago. Without a word, he released Castiel except to grab one of his hands, and started walking backwards towards his bed, pulling the angel willingly along.
Castiel could feel himself splitting apart on a molecular level. It was too much, watching something this secret, something he craved deep in his bones but knew he could never hope to have out there in the real world. When Dean reached down to fidget with the button of dream Cas’s jeans, Castiel lost his nerve.
“I think if I could get my powers back, I’d take them,” said Jack, sadly. He squirmed a bit beneath the seatbelt to awkwardly reach behind him and run his fingers over the flat place between his shoulder blades. “It’s like there’s a scar there,” he said. “But there isn’t one.”
Castiel smiled until the door shut, and then he let it and his shoulders droop. He sighed and ran a hand over his face, covering his eyes. He stood this way for about twenty seconds, then composed himself and moved across the room. Castiel dug through a hamper in the corner for a dirty towel and used it to mop up the vomit. When Dean returned, it was gone, and Castiel was crouched on the other side of the room collecting pieces of record player, placing the smaller parts back into the broken-in hull of the whole.
“Cas, no,” said Dean. He turned around to find Castiel in his space, but instead of complaining, he put his hand on his chest. Castiel searched his eyes, and Dean could see the shadow of hurt easing into the angel’s gaze. “It’s not like that,” he said, softening. He dipped his chin to claim Castiel’s lips in a quick, but bruising kiss, reaching to thumb over the angel’s cheek. When he felt Castiel relax into him, he broke it to look into his eyes. “Just need a minute to myself, okay?”
“We kill the witch and the monsters are still gonna do what monsters do, spell or not,” Claire agreed.
He wiped his fingers on his jeans and swiped the phone, pocketed it, then snagged the plate of bacon and went to go meet the others.
Castiel spent most of the day showing the boys his temporary world. He led them around the forest, up and down the more accessible rock faces, into a magical cave made of pure, clear crystal behind a waterfall so crisp and blue it put the sky to shame. He brought them down into a natural grove of fruit trees he’d been tending, bulbous shapes in a mysterious array of colors hanging from their branches. Castiel delighted in watching the boys’ reactions to the strange flavors of the fruits he encouraged them to try. Dean’s favorite was a heavy plum-like fruit that tasted like a blend of strawberry and watermelon. Sam loved a golden fruit that grew in small, quarter-sized bunches of three that he said was like vanilla and orange, and it made Castiel smile when he caught the younger Winchester carefully folding the seeds into a bandana and tucking it into his pocket.
“And now he’s—what, a toddler?” said Dean, scoffing. He gestured at Jack. “Does he look like a child?”
“I brought some clean clothes,” Castiel offered, watching Dean. “Though you’re welcome to stay like this, of course.”
“Listen to me, Dean,” he said. He leaned forward and released Dean’s hand to place his palms on either side of Dean’s face. “I want to be human
“Nah,” said Dean, catching Castiel’s hand. He moved it aside before letting go and hitting rewind himself. “Play it again if you like it. But that’s not what I asked. What’s got you down, Cas?”
Dean’s mouth fell open. He wanted to run to Castiel, but he felt rooted to the spot. Tears pricked at his eyes, but Dean did nothing to stop them, and suspected somewhere in the back of his mind that he couldn’t even if he tried. Castiel repeated his name and took a step forward, but it took the rustle of Sam bumbling out of the brush a few feet away to shake Dean out of his daze.
“Don’t,” said Dean, shaking his head. “We’re all beat, man. And I’m sorry about all—well, this,” he said, waving a finger around to indicate the red light in the Bunker as he finally took a sip of beer.
Dean’s posture straightened, and it was subtle, but Sam still caught the quick grin, the brief glimmer of pride that shot across his brother’s face.
Castiel walked back across the room and sat down at the plastic table by the window. Dean watched his back as he retreated, and said to Sam, “Uhh—fries. Chili cheese fries. Whiskey. Beer.”
“Yeah,” said Sam from behind. “Good.” The two went quiet for a moment, and Sam slid the ring back into the sack, folding it carefully. He drained his whiskey and slipped down from the desk, leaving his glass behind. “Hey, Dean?” he finally said, stepping around to face his brother. Dean looked up but didn’t speak. Sam’s eyes were watery and rimmed with red, but a grin split his face. “I’m really—” he started but shook his head and laughed. He set the folded bag on Dean’s knee. “If I’m not the best man I’ll kick your ass.”
“Uhh. Coffee, beer. PB&J…” Dean rambled off, scrunching his face in thought. “Think he liked those White Castle burgers, but I wanna make him the real ones, so maybe get stuff for that. OH, stuff for burritos too. Honey. Maybe some tea. You know stuff about tea? I don’t know anything about tea.”
“It’s alright, Dean,” said Castiel gently. He settled his hands in his own lap, abandoning the cup. The room fell once again into a thick silence. Castiel didn’t know if it was the grace or something else, but the air in the few feet between himself and Dean churned with something like electricity—like there was an invisible chain between them that refused to break, pulling them together and somehow still keeping them apart.
“Grace always wants to get back to the source,” agreed Castiel. “But that helps us find Michael, not beat him.”
“I’m sorry,” said Dean. He wouldn’t meet Castiel’s gaze. “I’m sorry I did that to you. I know you saw—I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I thought it was you. The whole time, I—or maybe I just wanted it to be you, because it felt good and it was easier than—”
Castiel grinned and held onto Dean’s hand, pulling him in the other direction down the dark hallway until the reached a turn. Left would take them to the stairs into the medical room, where a cabinet held Castiel’s grace. Right would take them through another hallway that curved around and down into the ‘Dean Cave,’ and that’s where Castiel went.
“Cool,” nodded Dean. He set off for the cooler. Behind him, he heard Sam shuffle to lean forward and talk to Castiel.
“I—” Castiel started, and stopped, watching Dean carefully. When the hunter gave an encouraging dip of his head, he added softly, face a mask of caution, “I like holding your hand.”
Cas pushed his hand up through Dean’s hair and drew his lips into a kiss, and Dean melted into it. A liquid warmth, golden as the sunshine, pooled in the space between them—a comfortable heat coursing through Cas and into Dean, then back—a perfect symbiotic love. Dean wriggled his arms beneath Cas’s head to support both it and him, and Cas tightened the hand in Dean’s hair, trailing the fingers of his other across Dean’s shoulder, down the length of his spine, then slipped it beneath Dean’s shirt to tug him closer by the small of his back. Dean hummed contentedly against Cas’s lips, and Cas deepened the kiss—parted his lips against Deans, and Dean obliged. Cas licked into Dean’s mouth, and Dean shuddered, reciprocating. He pulled Cas’s bottom lip between his teeth and Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth, dug fingers harder into Dean’s back and hair, pulling him impossibly closer.
“With Rowena,” said Sam. “I sent him away when Cas—” he stopped short and cleared his throat. “Now we go to work. Come on. We’ll get him back.” Dean nodded again and stepped back, scrubbing the back of his hand over his cheeks. Sam clapped him on the shoulder and sniffed himself, finally letting out a breath he felt like he’d been holding since he burst in. He turned out into the hall, and Dean followed.
“I wish it could always be like this,” said Jack. He couldn’t see, but the contentment slipped of both Dean’s and Sam’s faces, replaced with a soft, familiar sadness too old for their years.
Jack nodded and fell silent again. He leaned back on his hands to stare out over the landscape, watch the grass dance in the wind. Finally, he looked over to Castiel. “Know what I think?”
Sam was turning to put away the syringe when his phone buzzed, and a text let him know Jack was out back. He leaned against the counter, the grace to his back, and texted Jack back to ask what he was doing. Behind him, Michael’s golden grace shimmered, the spell no longer needed, and turned to blue.
“Good for him,” Dean sighed. “I miss that. Was the best part of skipping school. Whenever we were in school, anyway.”
Dean smirked and reached out with his free arm to run his hands through Cas’s hair. “I always let you win.”
I’m worried about,” said Dean, rolling his eyes. “Not the whole summoning two archangels to our exact spot at the exact same time to have a war in front of us part.”
“Would you like to see?” said Michael, turning abruptly and arching a mocking brow at Castiel. “You shouldn’t worry so, little brother. I’m keeping your pet well fed.”
“You know he didn’t leave your side once,” Sam said as he helped Dean get settled on the couch. “He almost fought a nurse when they wouldn’t let him into the ICU.”
, and they’d disappear into Dean’s room, fall into bed, become a tangle of sheets and legs and hands…
“Different kind of spell,” said Dean. He pulled out an old compass and opened it, then pulled out two small vials—one containing a few dark hairs, the other full of some kind of pulpy, green liquid. Dean knelt and set the compass in the grass, placed one of the hairs inside it, then poured some of the liquid over the whole thing while muttering something under his breath. While he corked everything back up and put it away, the liquid began to steam and hiss, and beneath the glass, the compass’s arrow began to spin wildly—finally stopping and pointing resolutely off in one direction.
When everything was ready, Sam pulled out his knife and sighed. “I hate this part,” he grumbled as he held it to his palm. “Dean, you—Oh, shit!”
“Good,” said Sam, and clapped Dean on the shoulder as he rose from his crouch. “Any chance you want anything, Cas?”
“Aye,” said Rowena. “He’s been trying to replicate the spell to open the rift. That sort of thing stirs up a lot of noise. Especially in a place like this that’s already so thick with magic.” She cleared her throat. “But without Lucifer or Gabriel, he’s the only archangel left around. No one else’s grace to take, so he’s been trying to do the spell with his own, but it makes him weak. He comes here to hide in the magical static, so to speak, while he siphons off his grace. Just bits at a time so the recovery is short. But he keeps it on his person, so I needed him distracted.”
Dean reciprocated easily at first, pulling Castiel’s weight down atop him and digging fingers into his skin, pulling his hair, but as the warmth of desire pooled in his stomach, so too did the sting of anxious bile begin rising in his throat.
A wide smile cracked Sam’s lips while Dean doubled over, trying not to vomit. “Yeah,” he said. “It worked.”
Except Dean wasn’t ready. He hadn’t done what he meant to do with the time—think about Cas. Think about things that mattered—the stolen grace, this messy new relationship, Michael still out there circling—and he decided to make another stop. Dean thumbed a search into his GPS, and in a moment was rumbling out of the liquor store parking lot, heading another twenty minutes west out of his way to a pawn shop—one bigger than the only shop they had in Lebanon that only ever had dusty VHSs and camouflage in stock. Dean pulled up to Brooks Pawn & Vintage just as the clock hit 6.
Dean left his cash on the counter and thanked the old man with a grin, toting his purchases out to the car. Six thirty-four. If he punched it, he figured he could make it home by sunset, and maybe he could drag Cas out to watch it with him, surprise him with the records and a view. With his heart in his throat he started the Impala and stepped on the gas, peeling out into the street in a cloud of dust.
“Right,” said Sam, and bolted over to Rowena. He scooped up what she couldn’t carry and directed her quickly out the door. Moments later, the sound of the Impala’s engine roaring to life echoed into the warehouse, and as Castiel scooped Dean into his arms, headlights shone through the door against the back wall. Castiel held Dean close and ran as hard as he could without unduly jostling the unconscious man. When he got to the car, Sam reached from the driver’s seat to open the door for the angel and his brother.
“Yeah,” Dean said simply. He sniffed and shrugged, tried again to swallow the lump in his throat that had been there all week. “Got too much nervous energy, man.”
“Your lips are blue,” Castiel said softly. “And you’re shaking.” He shrugged away the towel on his shoulder and reached to fold Dean’s numb hands in his own warm ones. “Dean, you’re
When they arrived moments later Dean exited to pull open the hidden garage door. Castiel drove in, and Dean shut it behind them, locking up. Castiel had just put the Impala in park, but hadn’t turned it off, when Dean got back into the car.
Michael’s smile slipped away into a dark, quiet rage that unsettled Dean to his core. “You still have something that belongs to me,” he said. “And I’d like it back.”
By the fourth day as a human Castiel was restless. His grace was slower to separate from Michael’s than everyone expected, and that meant time was moving mortally for him for the first time in years. He wouldn’t mind it so much, he thought, if he had something to do during all these hours. Sleep was nice. Hot showers were good. Sex was great, and it also meant more hot showers. He liked cooking with Dean and watching movies with him and Sam and Jack. They played Monopoly, and Castiel found it infuriating—he didn’t understand it and he always lost. But he loved Battleship. Castiel had spent most of his thousands of years of existence as a soldier—a war strategist—and he out-maneuvered everyone in that game, every time. Battleship made sense, but after the seventh game in five days, they were all tired of it too.
“Yeah. Somethin’ like that. Whatever it is hunters do.” Dean sipped his whiskey and added, “Freaked me out when Jack said that. Dunno why. Just never thought of myself as the marrying type.”
With that, Dean sank himself slowly into Castiel, exhaling an unbidden cry of “Oh, God—” at the same time Castiel let out a low, filthy moan.
“Do you know her password?” Dean answered, hitting the spacebar irritably before giving up and turning to his phone, thumbing the name ANGELA MATHERS into the search engine. “Doesn’t matter.”
Sam nodded. “Good.” He looked up to Dean’s back and opened his mouth to speak, but his eyes cut to Castiel. “Cas, you okay?”
The blood drained from Dean’s face. “Weeks? Cas, it’s—it’s been like, three, four days—I don’t know for sure, I was out for a lot of it. How long’s it been for you?”
Castiel pulled Dean to his feet and guided him through the dark forest, expertly moving despite the lack of light, with Dean following blindly behind. He led Dean to the water’s edge, then carefully helped him across an ancient, fallen tree that created a makeshift bridge over the river, through a curtain of moss like something out of a fairytale. On the other side, a small clearing in a copse of trees, full of soft grasses and wildflowers, rustled gently in the late night breeze.
“Let’s go over it one more time,” said Sam, fidgeting. “Rowena, you leave the grace here with Cas and Jack while we go to the warehouse.”
“I love you,” Dean whispered against Castiel’s mouth, parting his lips to work Castiel’s own kiss into something open and needy. “I’ve always loved you. I’m sorry, I’m sorry…”
One of them Castiel took out himself—just swooped in and finished it—but something happened. He was mid-flight tracking the second, sending intel back to Sam, Dean, and Jack on the ground via angel radio and a Walkie-Talkie, when suddenly he found himself not flying, but falling. Panic rose in his chest as he flapped invisible wings that felt with every other beat like they were burning out. The last time he was falling this fast he left a crater in the earth, and just as he was about to brace for impact, his wings flickered into being one last time and slowed him just enough to only take out a handful of trees.
“I don’t not like them,” said Dean, looking over his shoulder to Sam. “I don’t know. I just don’t think he cares.”
Dean, for once, didn’t argue; instead, he swallowed a thick lump that had been living in his throat since Castiel disappeared behind the veil into Eden, and offered a curt nod.
“We don’t have time for this,” Castiel whispered into Dean’s kiss, but didn’t make any effort to stop. Instead, in a too-quick-to-be-human movement, Castiel
“Goodness, lads!” Rowena chirped. “Do you think I’ve not changed a bit? I’m just asking you to let it slide if you happen to find out a spell was used to—oh, I don’t know. Harmlessly rob a bank.”
“It’s a spell for a dark mirror,” Rowena explained simply, turning back to her work. “It’ll let you speak to Castiel, wherever he may be. But only for a moment; magic isn’t meant to stretch between worlds. We don’t know if it follows the same laws there as it does here.”
“Nope, no,” said Dean, cutting Castiel off with a rough clear of his throat, shaking his head. “M’good.” He ran his hand back through his hair and sighed. “Okay, uhh—m’gonna start the car and crank the heat. We can lay our stuff out up front and maybe it’ll get dried at least a
She shook her head at Dean and popped her gum, nodding towards Castiel. “No, the other guy. Blue eyes over there.”
“Wasn’t that easy?” Michael crooned. “Amazing what a little respect can do.” Michael lowered his hand and Sam gasped in a ragged breath, gasping and coughing, doubling over into the grass to try and catch his breath. In the same moment he tightened his grip on Castiel’s neck so hard that the former angel growled and scrunched up his face in pain, and then Michael tossed him forward like a ragdoll.
“How are you feeling?” Sam crossed the room in seconds and crouched beside his brother’s bed, Castiel standing beside him.
Cas reached up to snag one of Dean’s arms and pull him down, sending him crashing into his chest. “That you’re too far away,” Cas whispered.
“What?” panted Dean, sitting up just slightly. Castiel curled his fingers inside him, and he shivered.
A small, but bright smile upturned Castiel’s lips and he repeated, “Every day,” sliding the ring onto Dean’s finger. He stared at it in silence for a moment, then mumbled, “Does it fit?”
Dean snorted and used his elbows to flip himself over and sit up. “You ‘member that?” He stretched his arms into the air, back and shoulders popping with sleep.
Castiel could practically hear the bricks being stacked in Dean’s voice—could see the wall being built. “And I won’t,” he said softly, taking Dean by both shoulders. “But you can’t either.”
Dean shook his head. “I started it,” he said. He ran his fingers up Castiel’s shoulders to his jaw, angled his chin up to meet Castiel’s gaze. When Castiel finally made eye contact, Dean smiled a little. “Get it out of your system?”
“The hell…” Dean murmured, backing up and looking for a pane of glass, but finding nothing visible. Tentatively, he reached out once more, and his eyes widened when his fingertips touched the smooth surface again. He splayed his palm out over it and Castiel did the same, meeting Dean’s hand as if through a window.
Claire had been working a job closer to the plagued high school and beat the boys there. She scoped out the area and found a small, but unoccupied and still mostly-furnished foreclosure home in a suburban neighborhood close enough to the school that the bus ran down the street. She plucked the sign from the yard, picked the lock, texted Sam the address, and had already claimed the biggest bedroom by the time the Impala grumbled up the drive.
Sam huffed out a dry laugh. “Great,” and then set down the jug that held the oil. He pulled out a zippo and the phone again, and said, “Status update, Jack?”
Dean was silent for most of the drive—all eight hours of it—while Sam and Cas chatted happily about lore. Sam never missed an opportunity to pick the angel’s brain when they had him trapped in the Impala, and Castiel was always happy to oblige Sam’s curiosity.
“Yeah,” he said, and opened his eyes to drink in Castiel—watch his dark hair tousling in the breeze. “Cas?” He sat up slightly, propping himself on an elbow.
Dean was blushing furiously, and simply mumbled, embarrassed and deflecting, “…doesn’t make sense. Like, chronologically.”
Maybe it was because he was tired, and it made him feel raw, but without really meaning to, Dean softened and smiled at the image: at some point during the drive, Castiel had removed not only his trench coat, but his suit jacket as well, and rolled up the sleeves of his oversized white button-down shirt. They were folded on the seat between them. Dean never saw the angel like this—comfortable for the sake of comfort, face without the lines of care and tension he usually carried—and it was beautiful.
Castiel rolled his shoulders slowly when Dean retreated, almost as if he was de-ruffling the agitated feathers of his invisible wings. He closed his eyes and blew out a slow breath, shoulders relaxing. “Dean,” he said with a vulnerability that was shocking after the display of holy anger. He looked up at Dean and took a step forward, reaching out. “I’m sorry.”
“I forgot,” said Sam, hopping up and going to dig through his backpack. After a moment, he pulled out a small leather square that he carefully unrolled, and out into his palm slipped the vial of Castiel’s grace.
Dean snorted and lifted his drink. “Alright.” He glanced across the room at a clock and added, “You should get some sleep. No good to anybody worn out, and we gotta bring our A-game tomorrow.”
They spent that maddening half-year chasing dead-end leads, watching the pendulum swing ceaselessly across the map, stationing the apocalypse world refugees across the country, alerting hunters in every major city, and finally—with Rowena’s help—they caught Michael in a mistake.
Dean stopped short from drinking, the mug barely touching his bottom lip before he jerked it away, spilling a few drops of coffee on the floor. “You mean he’s not here?”
Castiel focused, and the sounds and smells of the warehouse dissolved around him until there was nothing left but darkness. He felt a brief jolt of panic at the reminder of The Empty but collected himself when, in the distance, he spotted a figure facing away from him: Dean was on his hands and knees, punching down at the unrelenting black.
“Right,” said Dean, exhaling hard from his nose. “Okay.” He put his hands behind his head and turned to face the wall.
“Yeah,” said Dean softly. His face started to flare red, and still, he sat up and tugged the folded paper sack from his back pocket, tossing it behind him to Sam without a word. He kept drinking, staring straight ahead at Castiel.
“How did you find this place?” Castiel asked, his eyes following an eagle as it soared out of the forest, coasted on an invisible breeze.
But Dean could never bring himself to act on it—not really. He’d wanted to; he knew that’s why Sam was picking at him with the fake marriage and the PTA meetings. Sam saw how Dean looked at Cas, and how Cas looked back; how they touched each other, moved around each other, their gazes always locking for a bit too long, their fingers lingering in ways that weren’t platonic.
“I—” Cas gulped, but threw his head back into the grass. As he answered, Dean dug his hips into Cas’s again, and Cas arched. Dean dropped his head to Cas’s jaw.
Another laugh whispered through the room. “I am the one angel Amara helped my Father create,” said Belial. “The one with darkness inherent, for my charge. Did you know, boy, that it was I who convinced Lucifer to rebel?”
“Good,” said Sam, listening to the line ring. “We should—Hey, Dean!” He turned to start an absent-minded pace across the floor. “It’s—no, Jack’s got my phone. Look, where are you? …Okay, well. Something’s wrong with Cas… We don’t know…You need to get here…okay.” He hung up the phone and set it on the table. “Dean’s on his way.”
“Hilarious,” said Dean, rolling his eyes. They kept shuffling down the hallway and finally paused before Dean’s room while he carefully reached to fidget with the handle.
Dean’s shoulders sank and he hung his head, shaking it. “We talked about that, Cas. And I’m sorry. You know I got issues. Sam’s the one who’s good at this emotional stuff.”
Dean swallows hard, and I don't stop myself--I let instinct take over, let the squeezing in my chest drive my hands forwards to catch both of his, angling my whole body to face him. "That's not why I'm telling you this. You should never--I don't want you to be afraid of me. I just need you to understand."
He simply waits for Cas to be done with the horses. He simply waits for Cas to give him the go ahead. When Cas finally steps back and looks over at Dean, he doesn’t take a second to mount the horse. He’s grateful that Cas never offers him any helping hand, merely stands by his side. Well aware how much Dean loves riding, how he’s spent almost all his life in Bobby’s yard, caring for horses.
ago, so it should have been the logical next step... Moving on. But this Good Samaritan is stuck in here somehow and refuses to leave for Bobby’s in the morning until I’ve had two-person’s breakfast all on my own and until I’ve had my meds and until I have been thoroughly kissed..
So, I lean on the counter and take the blade in my hand.. breathe in, breathe out.. I spread my legs, shift the feet so they are horizontally placed and I have ample access... breathe in, breathe out.. I feel my inner thighs, trace my fingers, no longer trembling, over the scars.. some look rather ancient, others quite fresh.. I find a suitable spot, previously unmarked,
But the noise.. It’s a problem. Charlie has called me ‘an old hag’ on multiple occasions. Personally, I do not take offence at that. However, I refuse to apologize for valuing my sleep schedule.
We were about to doze off when there were noises all of a sudden. Of things breaking. People screaming. Oh lord, Mother is going to be furious! Who is crazy enough in our neighborhood to invite Mother’s wrath on a sunny Thursday afternoon. Is that Gabe’s high pitched swearing..?
in here,” Dean jokes, already knowing that it would go straight over his husband’s oh-so-literal head.
Dean instantly feels his distress climbing up after soaking in those great walls of grey, and feels stifled, throttled by the endless stretch of woods. But as soon as his anxiety spikes, his Alpha’s fingers travel up his back reaching his neck, slightly shifting the fur and seek out his mark, stroking it, immediately calming him.
But the thing that’s stopping him right now is seeing the state his Alpha is in at the moment. Even though a prudent mind (like Joshua’s) would argue that it’s well deserved, the agony in those gorgeous blue eyes. But Dean never claimed to be a person of ordinary prudence, did he? Call him a pathetic softy of an Omega but he can wait his turn, alright! Surely he doesn’t
Even though it’s most certainly the middle of the damned night their garden was still gleaming, bathed in moonlight. Dean stubbornly holds onto Cas’ arms, refusing to let go as he’s led down the green path by his husband. Afraid that Cas might pull back perhaps, that he might change. But all it takes is one gust of northern wind and a tiny involuntary tremor on Dean’s part for Cas to drop any hesitancy or indecision. And Dean’s being enveloped in his husband’s warmth in the next second, with Cas’ hands snugly rubbing up and down Dean’s arms.
