Without questioning, Steve slowly licked from the base to the last finger willingly, all the while looking at Tony and not forgetting his own task with the undersuit. While Steve focused on getting Tony out of the tightest undersuit of all time, Tony slowly stroked Steve's cock, up and down, up and down, stopping a little to pay attention to the head, going down to the balls, and coming back, lazily, all the while leaving a trail of hickeys on Steve’s neck and shoulders.
“You’re not coming?” He asked looking at Steve, who got up immediately and followed him down the stairs to the kitchen where Tony discarded the cold food in the trash and set the plate and cutlery in the sink.
“I was the only one. My father was building that ship for our whole family, but the incursion came sooner than he expected.” Her voice began to tighten. “So he modified it and at least one would be saved. For my parents, the choice was obvious” she sadly pointed to herself.
"Yes, my son has some friends. Let's see," Steve started counting on his fingers. "There's Ned, the smart kid, Peter's best friend. He's always around here with Peter. There's also MJ, who is a friend slash girlfriend, but neither she nor Peter have realized it yet," Steve chuckled. "Well, and then there are my friends who are friends of his, too."
opened the box.” Tony took a step forward, not letting go of Steve’s hand.
“What?”
, don’t stop,
"Make yourself confortable," Clint said, distinctly uncomfortable, not quite sure what to say.
Tony tried again to step out of the shadows and say something, anything, make any sound so that Steve knew he was there, but he couldn’t.
“Thank you for the obvious, genius,” Natasha said sourly.
"Almost nine," Tony said, kissing behind Steve's ear. "I made food for us.”
Tony kissed him deeply. “I love you.”
Clint then bet four more chips. Tony called and placed four of his chips in the center of the table. His game could still improve, he could feel it. Steve also called by placing four chips in the amount in the center of the table. Tony watched with a raised eyebrow.
“Hey.” Tony turned to face the other. “It's going to be all right. Our best version, remember?”
Tony opened his eyes wide, unable to believe that was the answer.
Tony looked back at Steve, his eyes full of pain and hope for what would never happen. “You were perfect, Steve. And I let myself believe, I let myself love you for those moments, even though it was all a lie. All of that,” he pointed to the laboratory floor where they had just had sex. “It was the flower’s effect. Well, at least for you. I let myself live the lie, even though I knew it wasn't gonna last.”
Thor and Steve exchanged an uncomfortable look, but it was Tony who spoke.
“Come on, that's enough.”
And. I. Don’t. Remember.” Tony covered his face with his hands and tried to take a deep breath, but the air just didn’t find the right way for his lungs. He felt his hands heat up and get wet.
“Hmmm,
Tony didn’t remember any of that, of course. But he knew the feeling. That feeling hadn’t been erased, because Tony had grown up with it, with Howard always extolling the perfection of the great Captain America and, as if that weren’t enough, the feeling had worsened after Tony had met and started working together with the real Captain. Everyone around Steve wanted to live up to the living legend, they wanted to prove their worth to the great Captain America, the one who was the inspiration of all who swore to fight for justice and freedom. Of course, nobody did. Of course, nobody
"Well, well, Robin Hood, leaving so early?" Tony teased.
Natasha then gave the pocket cards, one at a time, to each of them, totaling two. Tony looked at his cards: a three of diamonds and an ace of spades.
“Look, we don’t wanna hur...” he said as he came up with one of his hands up in front of his body defensively. Right attitude, wrong time.
“Well, it wasn’t my best choice, but Thor and I managed to drive his lightning bolts with my shield, hitting straight into your new reactor. It worked, but you remained unconscious,” Steve shrugged sheepishly and looked away.
With a grunt, Clint slides his cards across the table and places them at the end of the deck.
The worst that could happen was Tony leaving that night with one less friend. For the third time. It would be a record.
Tony thought.
Steve should tell Tony how much he hated him.
“Can you explain it better?” Natasha asked.
"And apparently not even to us," Natasha said.
“Hey, Nat. Can I ask you another favor?”
Tony whirled, letting his legs hang over the edge of the counter.
was the chosen one to take over. That's when you and the boy's father showed up at the police station. I'm still learning everything about the case."
Rhodes shook his head, but smiled. He knew the friend he had. "What do I think of what?"
"How many more clues do I need to give?" And in a daring move he bit Tony's earlobe, who moaned softly.
"Yes," Steve said, trying to keep his voice steady. Now that there was so little left for him to see Peter, so that he could finally understand what was going on, his heart didn't look like his, his body didn't look like his. He was holding the steering wheel tightly, trying to find stability in something.
, would be enough for Steve to forget everything they had lived. Tony didn’t remember anything. Everything he remembered had been told to him. He didn’t remember what he had felt when he and Steve last met. He didn’t even remember his last thought when they last spoke. Tony didn’t remember when Steve had smiled at him the last time, or when they had fought together for the same cause the last time. Tony didn’t even remember what he felt when he last saw Steve. And that ate him alive. All his memories were second-hand, borrowed from people who didn't delete their own memories in a last attempt at redemption. In one last attempt to make Steve proud.
Tony frowned.
"I have reasons now," Steve smiled and Wanda laughed.
"Is this some new method of torture?" Tony asked, standing up on his elbows to watch Steve, who smirked.
“And who said I want to?” Steve replied with a smile appearing at the corner of his lips.
Steve paused for a moment and assessed the situation.
the party, tweeted about the two of us, there's no picture to prove. Besides, Pepper assured me that she would take care of everything until we decided to go public.”
“As you wish, sir.” The AI went silent.
“Yes.” Tony nodded. “And she asked you to go straight to the lab when we land.”
different?” Tony was gesticulating wildly and looking everywhere but Steve.
“That's all I want, Friday. I waited too long to let all this oxytocin flow through me,” he found himself smiling. “I
Steve smiled as his heart melted.
"As always, isn’t it?"
"We survived," Tony said, smiling, as he took off his glasses and put them inside his jacket pocket.
Steve sighed and swallowed hard.
Steve thought a little more.
For the first time in a long time Tony's brain stopped. It was more than a "I'm horny
The problem is that, unbeknownst to me, there were more people wanting us away from each other than I could’ve imagined. There were more people out there who knew how important the two of us were to each other. And it took me too long to make a decision.
It hadn't occurred to Steve that Tony would need a place to stay and that this place would probably be a hotel. "Where will you stay?" Steve asked.
Tony saw Steve smile slightly.
With a sigh of pleasure Tony glanced at the living room in front of him, with the huge TV, the plushy rug and soft sofas, and he resisted the temptation of throwing himself into one of them to turn around and head towards the kitchen, where the others were, each on a sit around the huge marble counter.
you. There is no person I trust in this world more than you. There’s no one else in this world that I’d follow with my eyes closed, no one I would give everything for, no one else I’d lose everything for, no one I’d give the key to bring me back from the dead other than you.” Tony came over and kissed him long and deeply, sealing each of his words. Each of them purer and truer than the other. When they came apart, Steve smiled and his eyes sparkled. “I love you,” Tony repeated. “I gave my heart to you tonight. It is yours for you to make with it what you want. And with me.” Tony stroked Steve’s face and ended up holding him by the chin, making him look deep into Tony’s eyes. “Oh, darling, with me do whatever you want,
“Great. So you're going to help me," Natasha said. "I'll call you on a video call, and we'll both plan this party.”
Tony hugged Steve by the waist and looked deep into his husband's eyes.
"Tony-"
well," Tony could almost hear her eyes rolling over the other side of the phone. "No. This isn’t why I called."
“You know me.”
"Friday, what time is it?" Tony asked over the noise of the song, after finishing the popsicle.
Captain grimaced, but said nothing.
That gave hope to the soldier. He knew those feelings, knew what it felt like to feel alone in the world. Maybe that was the breach he was looking for to approach his daughter.
“Tony, I-I don’t know what to say,” Steve sobbed. His expression was transfigured in pain and guilt. “I should’ve managed to let you know that I was okay.”
Tony looked at him.
Tony knew he was there for strictly professional reasons and that it'd be extremely unethical of him to say anything but Peter's case. But he wasn't blind. And definitely not straight. There was no way to be indifferent to a handsome man like Steve and not allow himself to steal a few looks. Tony knew that he'd never, even under other circumstances, stand a chance with Steve. He had already been married to a woman and had a child with her. Not that it was any kind of a sentence, but Tony could feel that him and Steve would be nothing more than colleagues in this situation and after it was over, they would never see each other again.
Steve nodded and walked away.
Without looking away or stop smiling, Steve took Tony's arm and squeezed lightly.
Steve nodded, very seriously. “I heard.”
"Crimes against morality, against marriage, against blood," Thor said darkly.
So...
"I'll have Friday tell you when lunch is ready."
"The best spy in the world," Tony approached her and hugged her. "And the best friend anyone could have," he said. "See you in four days.”
pushing him against a wall and kissing him as if there was nothing in the world that could stop him. It lit everything, making everything seem less terrible, but also much hotter.
He blinked several times and tried to force the air into his lungs again. He was better, but not yet one hundred percent.
After almost two hours of vigil in the dark, Tony was rewarded with a person walking out of the building, straight onto the roof, not caring about the snow covering everything, and walking slowly to the edge, with his hands in his pockets, head down, thoughtful. The person rested his hands on the rail and raised his head, causing Tony to choke. It was really him. There he was, his friend, the person without whom his life was incomplete and, most importantly: he was alive and really breathing. Steve Rogers was there, in the building across the street.
“Who are you?”
"That's great," Steve smiled. "Does this lucky lady have a name?"
“What do
"In justice to Hercules, Ares is not the type to surrender easily," Thor said.
Faster than anyone could expect - but who could have predicted something like that would happen? - The girl lifted her right hand and a powerful beam of light struck Clint on the shoulder, causing him to spin in the air and fall a few feet away. Immediately, Vision and Thor lunged at her, while Sam flew to check if Clint was all right. And Natasha... for some reason, Natasha pulled away enough to watch, but not to get involved. Something prevented her and she did not know what it was. What she really knew was that the girl was fighting very well. She could not be more than eighteen years old, but she certainly was not younger than Peter. Still, her dodging movements were fluid and light, but her attacks were precise and with brute force, not to mention the powerful beams of light coming straight from the palm of her hands. She was a formidable opponent. Two of the most powerful Avengers were engaged in the fight against her, and yet the girl was still standing, with no more than a few scratches.
"They moved to Pennsylvania after the murder."
“Tony?”
"We can use that to our advantage," Steve said, looking at the Avengers in front of him. "Will everyone here stay and fight?"
"That's good, because the others may not be aware of what you and Steve are doing, but I am.”
,” Tony said biting Steve’s earlobe, as if that information was something trivial. “The pollen is still here and I guess I teased it enough.”
Steve looked at him in disbelief.
"And I'm the one who's the optimist." Steve looked sideways at him and smiled.
When I left you alone in that bunker, I left you there thinking that I had never felt anything real for you, that everything we lived and shared had been a convincing and convenient lie. Never was. It was always so much more. It was always real.
"Your cortisol levels are higher than they ever were. Just like your serotonin levels, too. But there is a hormone that I have never identified in your analysis and that justifies all the other symptoms.”
"Can I at least get some fireworks?"
"Let's see if the rest of you tastes as good as your mouth, baby," Steve groaned and Tony started going down his body, savoring every bit of skin his mouth reached.
“The hydra was knocked out and there’s also a downed Fury. There are still two more left.”
“Hey.” Steve called and he looked at Tony in the way that Steve kept only for Tony. And Tony knew that because he observed and compared - a scientist, right? - the way Steve dealt with the other Avengers. And nobody else got that look full of affection, understanding and friendship. Only Tony. That should be comforting, but it actually hurt a lot, because it was just friendly and nothing else.
“Tony? Look at me." Tony did what he asked and wow, he was so beautiful and Tony could feel his heart beating. “If I heard the same song that you dedicated to me, I heard you singing to me that you found love in this place so different and nonsense that it's you and me. Isn't it?"
Tony remembered the conversation between Steve and Peter that he heard earlier.
“You were amazing. Now rest." Steve led her to the sidewalk and helped her sit down.
"We're on an island in the Caribbean.”
He looked at Steve, who looked back out of the corner of his eye and smiled crookedly.
extremely
"Friday, lights forty percent, please."
“So?” Peter asked anxiously.
Tony let himself slide to the floor and lay there, just feeling his dick throb, wishing for a release that wouldn’t come. He cried in silence.
Tony closed the distance between him and Steve, leaning his body against his and, without waiting for any confirmation beyond Steve’s lack of resistance and his firm hands on his waist, Tony, with his heart pounding with excitement or nervousness, he couldn’t quite say which one, kissed him.
"I didn't say anything." Steve said quietly, but Tony could hear that he was trying to hide his laughter.
“Tony,” Steve called. Tony focused on him. “You were the first to speak to me and introduce me to the world. You gave me a home when I woke up in this century. You were my safe haven. Let me do the same for you. Let me show you how I see you, let me be your safe haven.” Steve held his hand out to Tony, his eyes shining with hope and feeling.
Tony sat on the bed, trying to catch his breath and nodded.
"Yeah, and you used to call me for simpler cases to solve."
to get pounded, and he kept thrusting faster and faster on Steve’s cock. Before any of them knew it, they were fucking as fast as they could.
Tony thought.
are the one who’s stuck in the past, preventing yourself from moving forward because you can’t remember what happened, punishing yourself for an unprecedented sacrifice that you were able to make to protect your friends,” Steve released one hand from Tony to hold his face. “And I’m here, telling you that I was stuck in my space-time, reliving the past that I’ve always missed, the past that I’ve always longed to have back, but that I realized that my place, that my home, it’s here, with you, in the present. It’s me now who’s telling you to live in the moment and allow yourself to move on. Let’s build new memories, my love,” Steve smile was beautiful and wide, his eyes shining with anticipation.
Tony frowned.
person, right?”
"We invite for politeness, then?"
"Barnes here."
What Natasha knew was that she needed to know more about that girl, to know what questions to ask herself to get rid of those suspicions. It wasn’t possible, right? No one has ever been able to prove anything remotely alike... She shook her head to clear her thoughts.
Steve was silent, just watching Tony, his face no longer as friendly as before. Tony had screwed everything up, of course. But Steve deserved to know everything. Tony had already lost Steve once, he had some memory missing, and he had no friends. What else did he have to lose? When it became clear that Steve would let him continue, Tony took another sip of coffee and took a breath.
“You got it.”
“Maybe friend Hulk is referring to the pickles you ate for lunch today.” Thor smiled innocently.
"No, no!" Steve was wide-eyed, his hands in front of him. "It didn't bother me at all. I meant that I came to see what it was because the smell was very good."
"Well, Tony," Natasha paused dramatically. "Now’s the time for you to prove why you were the lawyer chosen by S.H.I.E.L.D."
Tony frowned. What question was that? Why was Steve asking that? It didn’t make sense. Everyone knew he didn’t remember everything ... Then a light went on in Tony’s head.
It was everything he wanted the most. Steve invited him, without anger, without harsh words, just an invitation. And Tony couldn’t do it. He stared at where Steve had been, the marks of his arms where he leaned against the rail, still visible in the snow.
Tony indicated the black 4x4 ahead. They threw the suitcases in the back seat and Tony took the wheel.
"With that one out of the way, maybe the other two would fall, too." Wanda's face brightened, as she understood.
"I think the food can wait a little." Steve leaned closer and kissed Tony, who sighed. He squeezed his fingers in Steve's hand he was holding, while his other hand slid through Steve's messy hair, his back, until he reached his butt, completely naked, exposed and waiting for Tony, who squeezed it willingly, Steve's groan reverberating throughout Tony's mouth.
This time, when the repulsors started, he didn’t hesitate for a second.
“Said the oblivious genius.” Steve smirked and squeezed Tony’s waist, and brought him an inch closer.
“Talk to me, Tony.” Steve’s voice was low, almost a whisper, and he looked Tony in the eye now.
The thought hurt. Imagining his life without Steve, with him dead, knowing he would never return, was one thing. Tony would suffer, but eventually he would learn to deal with pain and longing. But imagining his life with Steve alive, but ignoring him completely, despising him, never wanting to get close to Tony again after everything that happened? Tony couldn’t take it.
“What's it?” Tony's smile disappeared.
"You still haven’t told me where it is.”
Tony's mind was filled with everything Tony loved most about Steve, in an ocean of loving smiles, conversations without judgment, but understanding; friendship and love. Well,
, as long as it helped Peter get through that situation. Peter stood up, uncomfortable, half reclined on the table, and looked Steve in the eyes with uncertainty.
"Maybe later," Tony brought Steve closer with his legs, took the bottle from his hands and hugged him by the neck. "I have other plans now.”
"As the saying goes, when one head of the hydra is cut off, two others shall take its place," Thor said. "Then cutting off the heads is not a good battle tactic.”
Tony thought confidently.
happened to you?” Steve looked concerned.
But I would accept everything, as long as you were there. I had left our disagreements behind, regretting every rude and mean word had I said to you. I just couldn't ask for forgiveness from the only person who mattered:
"You didn't told me the n ..." He was interrupted by the bell. Steve looked at his watch and the fifteen minutes that Natasha had said would pass before the lawyer arrived had really passed. "I think I'll be able to ask in person. Never mind."
Just like that!”
Steve opened and closed his mouth several times, but in the end he said nothing relevant.
Steve took a deep breath, but smiled. It was good that everything was being dealt with normality.
"You heard the man," Clint said. "Move those powerful asses.”
Together we'll make history
Five minutes later, the eleven Avengers were gathered in the hangar of the quinjet splitting into their respective groups.
it was something you did!” Tony looked away, bringing his legs nearer his own body the best he could, although Steve’s leg was on the way.
"I'm going to have a little talk with the Wizard of Oz, and tell him not to listen to your wishes, because you're very naughty, Tin Man."
"Is knowing my sexual preferences basic information?" Steve raised an eyebrow.
Tony focused again on Steve’s face, his eyes, and realized that he had so much to ask, so much to say, that he couldn’t decide where to start.
, when we trust each other. See what happened when we hid things from each other,” Steve waved his hand between them and raised an eyebrow.
“Despite that, we always managed to find reasons to argue,” Tony said thoughtfully.
the damn risks. Why then expose yourself to the flower?”
“Nice to meet you, my name is Liz Stark-Rogers.”
"Fine, otherwise I will interfere and you won’t like it."
Rhodes' eyes widened. "When you say
"Are you friends already?"
Steve laughed. "A long, long time."
The S.H.I.E.L.D. director held up the bottle.
Like the way Steve was looking at him right now.
“It was lying on the kitchen floor. I thought I could find a use for it." He stuck the eggs in his mouth and smiled mouthful.
“Yeah, this time,” Stark confirmed, pulling his helmet back to make his head free. “Let's hope Von Doom does not try again anytime soon until we find out more about what he plans.”
Steve moved smoothly, and soon the discomfort subsided and another sensation took its place. The best of sensations. Steve leaned over and left a trail of wet kisses from Tony’s face, down his neck, nibbling his earlobe, reaching his collarbone, sucking on the soft part of the connection with his neck and coming back, doing the reverse, while his hips met Tony’s without stopping, looking for the best rhythm, the one that would take them to paradise. By the way Tony squirmed beneath him it wouldn’t be long before it happened.
“What?” Tony asked, his voice still cracked from breathlessness.
Around him, the other Avengers began to wake up to the sound and immediately stand up, but they all stopped when they saw Tony and Steve. More precisely, where Tony was sitting and where Steve's hands were.
“Thanks for accepting.” Steve smiled.
to wait. I wanted to understand what had happened, I wanted to help you and ...” Steve hesitated. He exhaled, resigned. “I also wanted you to help me. The two of us coming back from the dead? What are the chances?” Steve let out a sad laugh. “But I had to leave, I had to leave you there with Strange, hoping for the best, praying that you would come back. I wish that we could talk and do what we are doing now, but there, at that moment. I ...” Steve looked away, suddenly unsure of what to say.
"Mind telling us what's so funny, Stark?" Tony heard Fury ask and forced himself to look away from Steve, who smiled beautifully at him.
“Shush, Barton, less talk, more action.” Sam lifted himself over the archer and held him by the hands. “Leave them alone.”
Natasha laughed softly.
"I didn’t program you to be mistaken." He picked up his handbag and, with a large swallow of air, left the room.
"You can rest if you want," Steve said. "We have everything under control here, don’t worry."
“How long until it's ready?” A worried and urgent voice coming from the door shouted louder than the alarm.
"I would
"Downstairs we have the kitchen on the left," Tony pointed out as they passed the door. "The refrigerator is stocked and there's more food in the pantry. And there,” he pointed to the room on the right. “We have the living room. And I know what you're thinking,” he laughed. “The TV doesn’t have any kind of internet access. It serves purely and simply to watch the countless movies I have around here.”
“It may not work as she expects.”
Only Tony and Steve remained. And that did not go unnoticed to the engineer, who laughed softly.
Steve rested his head on Tony’s and they shared the same air. They kissed deeply and Tony allowed himself to enjoy the electricity running through his body. Steve’s lips were warm and soft, sticking Tony to the present, reaffirming that it looked like a dream, but incredibly it was happening. His body was a fortress. That body belonged to Tony’s love. Steve
“I can’t, Steve. I ...
Strange narrowed his eyes. “All right. We have a deal?”
But now that I found you
"It's not my fault if I date someone full of surprises.”
"Mind sharing the information with us?" Tony said in his already metallic voice behind the armor’s helmet.
she interrupted him. "If this is all true, and you’re able to connect the dots in front of the jury, you solve the case and prove Peter's innocence."
would have done in my place, or what you would have told me if you were there with me. Maybe it gave me courage. Your speeches have always inspired me. I don’t know.” Tony shrugged. “The fact is that I erased my memory and the backup I had available didn’t cover the most recent events, such as our fight, the death of Goliath, my lies and manipulations, and neither you dying.”
"That's all I could want."
Tony’s hands came to life and were on Steve’s shoulders and back, marking his smooth skin with his nails, his mouth leaving hickeys on his neck, feeling everything he could from that man to whom he had given his heart and his soul.
“I love you, Steve Rogers,” Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair again. “It’ll be wonderful to share my path from here to infinity with you.”
But his oath incredibly lasted for a day.
“I'm sorry too, honey bun, but know that
Tony thought, taking another sip of water, feeling calmer and more relaxed.
It took me a long time, but I finally got to finish what became the last chapter. It took longer than I planned because I couldn't find an ending that suited me and that lived up to the story as I believe it deserved. Now I finally got it and the time of year couldn't be better.
“Tony, hey, look at me.” Steve asked. “C’mon, look at me.”
Tony felt that everything was shaking.
He felt on the edge, about to come like never before, but nothing made him able to get his release. Tony felt the tears coming. His cock hurt. Tony had tried too hard, abused it too much and he couldn't take it anymore. Tony was in pain and horny like never before, but nothing set him free, it just brought him closer to more suffering and pain.
Now that the team had more members, they had agreed on a time off schedule. So, when one part of the team was out, the other would be on duty, monitoring everything, in case the Avengers were needed.
"A favor?"
“I think you already know," she said, her voice jovial, but also very bitter, full of sadness. What had happened to her?
"Did you really cook for us?" Steve asked, moving away enough to face Tony.
“Hey” Tony turned around. “We can finish it later, okay?”
Tony laughed.
“I'm Steve Rogers,” Steve pointed to himself. “And this,” he pointed at Tony. “Is Tony Stark.”
“Me what?”
after the way we said goodbye. Cool things out a bit and focus on what I needed to do there or else I wouldn’t even have been able to stay in Dubai, Nat.”
"Hey, you guys, I got an idea," Peter said.
It’d be comical if it weren't tragic.
"And can I know what those dreams were like?"
"What Clint meant was that we're done here," Sam sighed.
Moments passed, and Tony said nothing. But he also didn't walk away, nor did he send Steve away. That was a good sign, wasn't it? Steve waited. When he was taking some breath in to say something, Tony exploded.
Tony bent down and kissed Steve long and deeply, trying to say how happy, satisfied and complete he was at that moment. How he wanted time to stop to hold that moment forever, their sweaty bodies glued together; their foreheads leaning against each other, with the two trying to catch their breath lost in the best possible way; Steve's gasp as Tony slid out of him; his slow and sex-loving kiss and love. How he wanted to save Steve for himself and never again have to share him with anyone.
Five seconds never took so long to pass. He stared at Steve without moving, afraid of...
"What's going on, Tony?" Steve looked around, not understanding.
When the phone rang that afternoon, it could be just another phone call by mistake, someone else trying to sell something he didn't need, or just Natasha or Sam calling to say hi. But what Steve never imagined is that that call would forever change his life and his family's. Not that there was much family left to change. It was just him and Peter after Peggy, his wife, died five years before of fatal brain cancer. Cancer that followed Peggy for much of her life and, due to invasive treatments and extremely strong drugs, she couldn't have children, despite being her biggest dream. So they decided to adopt.
“It’s part of my charm, babe.” Tony bent down to kiss him, and the movement made Steve’s cock change inside Tony and they both moaned. “Oh, wow, didja feel that?” Tony rested his hands on Steve's chest and bent his knees back, looking for the best position. “Hmmm,
Strange sighed, exasperated. “Can we get back to what really matters?”
“I'm serious, Stark.”
“Me and you, we tried to talk.” Steve was looking at Tony. “Before things really got worse during the War, we met at the Mansion and talked.”
"Don’t worry," Natasha said. "I'll start arranging everything and as soon as I have something I'll send it to you.”
“Oh, no. Tony, please.” Steve's voice was pleading now, but Tony didn't move. “Listen to me.”
Tony nodded, his eyes shining with tears he tried to hide.
"You're the best, Happy.”
“Tony?”
Tony smiled sheepishly. “See? But I still have all those flaws, I still don’t have my memories. I don’t remember when we last talked before, well, the day before yesterday. I can’t remember what I felt when I last saw you. And to think I let you ...” Tony swallowed. “And to think that I let you die thinking that I hated you, that all that mattered was winning that damn war, it eats at me every single day since I woke up.”
"You're unbearable."
“I love you,” Steve said in a whisper.
Earth,” Tony said.
"Thank sake for giving me all that courage."
"Then what was your intention?"
"Be ready for today at midnight."
"I didn’t say anything," Steve said innocently.
A distant part of Tony was aware of Steve’s hand gripping the hem of Tony’s shirt, pulling him closer and closer, gluing them together as if they were one. Steve’s tongue slid long and slowly over Tony’s and an appreciative sound vibrated deep in his throat, startling Tony and reverberating directly into his groin when Steve groaned with him.
"Please, Mr. Stark, curiosity is killing me."
Steve got up and, giving Tony a last kiss, disappeared into the bathroom. Tony reached out to push the switch and turn on the room light, and took the tray, which he carefully placed on the bed. The smell of the coffee was delicious, and Tony allowed himself a sip of his mug, which was still hot enough. Not caring much about the fork, he pinched a few pieces of scrambled egg with his fingers and was surprised by the taste.
“It was my idea, yes. I-I thought about what you would’ve preferred.” Tony Stark, stuttering, ladies and gentlemen. Enjoy the moment, it doesn’t happen often. Only Steve Rogers has that power.
“How old are you?”
, Tony found himself thinking - that shone like jewels in the soft red light of the vault.
Steve considered the question and said nothing for a while. Finally, he let out a resigned sigh. “I don’t know.” He stopped for a moment. “Do we really need to leave?”
," Tony tried to fix the damage.
“You lied?” Tony frowned even more.
“You're driving me crazy here and I thought
"It suited you," Steve said.
"Hey, Tony?"
“Where exactly?”
“Tony?” Steve called, wiping a tear from Tony’s face. “Tony, look at me.”
“Wow.”
“What's that for?”
"Just tell me what you need." Clint sat back and looked at her.
Steve poured some wine into the two glasses, and they drank in silence. They weren't uncomfortable, but Tony didn't want to be silent.
"Good." Steve played with the label on the bottle, still looking at Tony, saying nothing for a while. It wasn’t an uncomfortable silence, but it wasn’t pleasant either. Tony wanted something to happen, for him to say something, to
"I could tell. Making me come from New York to take his case as a favor is not for everyone," Tony leaned over the table, crossed his fingers, and looked at Steve. "Very well, Mr. Rogers. I needed to know where I'm getting into. I like to know what kind of environment I'm going to be in and what kind of people I'm going to deal with. Believe me when I say I've dealt with all kinds of people and not all as kind and civilized as you are." Tony's gaze was penetrating but soft, looking for some reaction from Steve, who remained neutral. A life in the Army had taught him many things. To keep a poker face was one of them. "I already agreed to take over your son's case. I like cases like that, despite how wrong it sounds, I'm sorry. What I mean is that, as much as it seems that there is no way out, I can always find secret passages that nobody thought of looking for."
He forced himself to walk over to Tony and swallowed when the lawyer's image came into focus. Tony was leaning on the table, chatting casually with the woman sitting behind it, and Steve could see every outline of his back, and he couldn't help looking down a little more and noticing how the suit Tony was wearing clung not subtly at all to his curves in the position he was in, accentuating everything ... and it was a beautiful set being accentuated. Tony could be a lawyer, but that didn't mean that what the suit was hiding was something to be thrown away. Nothing was left to the imagination, quite the contrary. In fact, a part of Steve was actually imagining. But he didn't even know what. He couldn't name what he felt, because, at that moment, he was feeling so many things that that feeling was one more in a whirlwind. Luckily for him, Tony straightened up and turned, coming towards him.
"I am Chief Thaddeus Ross from the police precinct. Are you the father of Peter Benjamin Rogers?"
What Steve knew was that now he needed to be much more than an Avenger, much more than a leader, much more than a soldier. He would have to be a father and no one gets ready for it in half an hour.
Steve rubbed his eyes.
His vision blurred and Tony blinked, trying to clear his focus and his hot, wet eyes. He was crying. The mere prospect of Steve out Tony’s life was so unbearable, that hurt too much. Tony instinctively raised his hand to wipe away the tears, but remembered at the last moment that he was inside the armor, that the effort was useless. He needed to get out of there. Give Steve the privacy he deserved. Tony turned and prepared to take off. And he almost tripped over himself when he heard it.
Before he could come, Tony pulled his cock out of Steve's mouth, gasping, breathing like a drowner. “You're gonna kill me with your hands and now with that mouth of yours,” he said, between heavy breaths, to Steve, who smiled as he wiped the drool that ran down one corner of his mouth.
"On the contrary, deary," Tony said as he filled his second mug. "If I don’t drink there, yes, something very bad can happen."
“I will, don’t doubt that, not even for a second,” Steve stroked Tony’s face and left his hand there, stroking the hair on the back of Tony’s neck, who bent his head to kiss Steve’s bare wrist. “You are the reason I came back, because
Steve turned Peter gently towards the door and pointed at Tony, who had been incredibly quiet all that time. Tony smiled and waved at Peter and Steve's heart was extremely grateful that Tony was such a nice and kind person.
What was he talking about? How come you weren’t ready for me? Curiosity won in the end, and Tony turned to face Steve. Their eyes met and Tony saw that Steve’s eyes lit up when Tony turned.
Tony smiled crookedly and winked at Steve over his own tablet.
Steve smiled. “First, I’m stopping pretending that I don’t want you, that I don’t desire you, that I don’t want to start my life over with and for you. You only need to say yes, that we start.”
When his eyes got used to the glow, Tony was out of his breath, and he was able to see the very mysterious ingredient that Strange had talked about earlier. “A
“Exactly,” Strange just said, still with that smirk.
Also, some people asked me if I already watched the first episodes of Defending Jacob. Aaaand no. I haven't watched it yet because I don't want to be influenced by what happens in the series to write this story (although I already know what happens in the book). So, as soon as this story of mine ends, I'll be there to watch the series!
early. I don't even know where I am."
Tony leaned his head back, resting on Steve’s shoulder. “Okay,” he sighed heavily, making a little drama. “I can live with that.”
"Help? Who?" Peter looked at Steve, trying to control his body's tremors.
"I had a…
"Don’t look so happy. I bet you're bluffing.”
Steve came over, cutting off all the space between them, grabbed Tony's neck and kissed him.
“G’morning.”
“Yeah, me too.”
So why that affection? Why that understanding? Why was he being so ...
Steve cleared his throat, suddenly uncomfortable. Tony saw that he was red and felt his heart heat up. So, he still had the power to make Steve Rogers blush. Well, that was certainly a victory. “You said Osborn had other intentions ...” Steve said, drinking his own coffee.
Tony lifted the mug of hot coffee and smiled.
“In practical terms, this is a long-range bomb.”
Tony cleared his throat, his mind in a rush to come up with the best excuse. “You were gone a long time, Dr. Magic. Don't you think you’re actually overthinking it a little too much?” Tony tried to smile, but even he realized that was one of his lamest excuses ever. A shame. Stephen Strange wasn’t the Sorcerer Supreme for nothing.
A large holographic screen appeared in front of them and was divided into three smaller screens, each focusing on a portal.
Tony, keep doing that. You look gorgeous and your ass fucking my cock feels amazing.”
"I'm sorry. What did she do before?"
“Guys, focus, please,” Steve had his “Captain America” voice on, all serious and professional.
Nobody even came close to what Steve was. And Tony was probably the last in line.
Tony thought.
“It’s ready.” Tony wanted to smile, as he always did when he finished a particularly difficult and challenging project, but not this time. This time his eyes filled with tears for the future ahead of them.
Tony was seeing things.
Tony looked away and saw Steve staring at him. Behind the armor, Tony smiled and opened his arms.
"Where are you sleeping?"
Steve got up and began to collect the dishes left by the other Avengers and to carefully arrange them into a stack he placed inside the sink.
"I like having Peter around."
Tony moaned, defeated, and walked away. Steve cupped his face in his hands and smiled.
“Only one?” Tony asked.
Fury raised an eyebrow and Tony just shrugged. It was easier to pass the responsibility for the party to someone else than to be thankful for great food and incredible music.
“Thor, Hulk, take this structure off the ground,” the two Avengers obeyed and, each one going to one side of the weapon, began to pound the ground. “Tony, how much does this thing weigh?”
“But I know.”
Tony apologized on the phone, said he would call later, and hung up, putting his cell phone in the inside pocket of his jacket. "So is it over there?" he asked.
It was nice, comfortable, domestic, and it warmed Tony up in much more efficient ways than anything he had ever experienced. He couldn’t help thinking that he wanted to keep having it, having Steve waking up next to him, waking up next to Steve, every day. Tony just knew he needed it, needed to know that Steve would come home with him, that they’d both tell about their stressful days, that they’d help each other, that they’d ask for food, that they’d watch stupid comedies together, that they’d try to have sex on the couch , but they’d end up sleeping because the life of world’s saviors was not a wonder, but, when sex happened, wow, it’d be the best of all. Tony wanted that. Needed.
"Thank you again," he said, heading for the elevator and yawning as the doors closed.
between the two of you, since you arrived at the party, to have gone unnoticed, did you?"
Tony nodded.
Tony was silent, his brain going crazy. "What do you mean with,
he thought with a laugh.
"Your name is at stake, Miss Romanoff," Tony said.
“Are you alright?” He stopped halfway, arms outstretched, unsure if his help would be welcome.
Steve thought. "Art. I draw. I paint some pictures sometimes, but most of the time I draw. And then I sell them," he looked at the man in front of him, who was looking back at him with a strange expression of recognition.
"Shhhh, I know, my dear," Steve slowly circled his son's back, trying to calm him down.
"And we're enjoying seeing you two together, Mr. Stark," Peter said. "You two match too much.”
“No. A correction here:
acted.
"That one," Peter said, running his hand over his belly. "It was divine.”
Tony held up his hands. “Start from the beginning. What the hell are you talking about, what do you mean Pepper called
Tony moved until the two found their own pace, intense and panting, with the room being filled with the sounds of groans, screams, and skin to skin on every thrust of Tony in Steve. Steve grabbed Tony's ass and kept that rhythm up, until Tony hold Steve’s cock with one of his hands, and started moving up and down.
“Traitor.” Tony said and received a flying kiss from the Black Widow.
“You're the hypothetical person, aren't you, Stark?” Strange asked, very seriously and very tiredly, to Tony.
Tony frowned. S1? What was that? Was anyone else receiving that message? He glanced up to make sure that someone else was as confused as he was when his eyes finally found Steve’s, which was shining. The soldier looked at his own tablet and back at Tony, who felt his stomach twist when he understood.
"The rest is as usual," Natasha said. "All ready?"
“I come from an Earth that was destroyed by an incursion.”
"You haven’t had a good night's sleep for at least a week.”
Tony kissed Steve on the cheek, but didn’t leave him.
“Manageable? Really?”
Tony looked away and Steve could see that he was putting the pieces of the puzzle together, making the gears of that brilliant brain work. “So you knew all along that the serum wouldn’t let you be infected?”
"Are you in the Tower?"
“He's downstairs, boss.”
Fuck, me. Fuck, me. Fuck, meeeee! AAAAAAAHH, STEVE!”
“Did you manage to relive the day we found you in the Arctic?”
He knew he was making a mistake by thinking that just showing up would solve everything. That a simple smile of relief and gratitude and…
Steve considered that. “That’s something good, right?”
And that was the last coherent sentence that Tony could say, because to feel Steve's cock inside him completely numbed him, leading him to a state of completeness that Tony never imagined could be achieved. Steve moved slowly back and forth, back and
"Do you think we can get Peter home today?" Steve felt his heart race with anticipation.
, I’d still suspect something like that. Do the math with me, Rhodes: how a murder case, which has been investigated extensively for weeks, with no progress, suddenly there's a turnaround with a DNA sample being found at the crime scene that has already been investigated ten thousand times?" Tony leaned further on the table. "How has no one ever found this DNA before, Rhodes? Was the CSI so incompetent? Or was the evidence really planted there by someone with other interests? And if the evidence was really forged, how did the case supervisor know nothing?"
"No problem, Mr. Stark. I'll let you know when we're coming down, okay?”
"And it's been a lot of work to get it."
“Thor, how about a ride?” Natasha approached the elevator shaft.
“Let's go inside. It's already getting dark.” Tony watched the sunset over Steve's shoulder. The view from the Tower's roof was incredible, but Tony had other plans for Steve, and they needed to be inside, preferably in their room.
The girl straightened in her chair and cleared her throat.
“Jarvis? I need to know what's going on with me.” Tony said with his face pressed to the floor, his voice muffled and breathless.
Tony thought carefully about this moment, to keep it to relive later.
“Just curiosity?” Tony slowly licked his lips.
"What about the dragon?" Natasha asked.
become that person?
If they had started under the blessings of the moon, waking up bathed in the warmth of the morning sun was like receiving the seal that made it all real.
, that Tony was there.
"Yeah, we figured it out," Clint said, laughing, but tried to disguise it when Natasha nudged his ribs.
“Tony,” Steve called powerless.
"Are you okay, Tony?" Steve's voice called out and Tony remembered to look like a normal human being again and not someone who's watching the beauty of his new client's biceps.
Tony landed abruptly, but no scan had detected concussions, fractures or any other problem. They were still in the middle of the street, but Tony ignored the horns. The important thing now was to know if Steve was all right. He looked down and met the soldier's eyes. Tony opened his faceplate and stared back at him.
Surely Tony would dream that night. He just didn’t know if the dreams really would be as good as Steve had wished for him.
Tony finished his last glass of sake, got up and looked at Steve resolutely. "Maybe I waited too long."
"How are we going?" she asked.
"You can be sure you won’t, my dear.”
"Tell me about it," a yawn escaped Steve. "But warn them, will you? Especially Peter. We couldn’t talk yet after all that mess.”
Rhodes frowned. "Doesn't the boy's father know that you came to take his son out of jail?"
"Good thing we agreed." He ran his fingers down Steve's leg, from knee to thigh, making the exposed skin shiver, and squeezed. Steve's breathing was quick and uneven. Without pausing too long there, Tony kept sliding his hand until he reached Steve's balls. Tony held them gently and stroked, making Steve drop the most delicious "Ah!" Tony had ever heard.
Steve sighed.
Another smile in those beautiful brown eyes. "That's right! And do you know who I am?" Expectancy. The eyes waited now, without smiling. Steve looked at the rest of his face, his nose straight and showing no signs of ever being broken, his mouth with full, inviting lips, his harmonious cheekbones, his skin naturally tanned, healthy looking, and his hair smooth and well combed. Steve felt his face twitching sideways, his lips showing his teeth, his eyes narrowing. A smile. He knew that face and liked what he saw.
Tony nodded with an amused smile.
Steve laughed. “We have a chance to start over, Tony. I can leave the past behind, where it really belongs. And you can start over, even with your second-hand memories. Learn from experience. It’s not just because you have lost the original memories that you can’t learn from what happened, that you can’t feel anything about it. But allow yourself to move on,” Steve smiled.
Steve frowned.
“Come on, Tony, let me help you,” Steve’s voice was impossibly kind when he pulled away, but continued to hold Tony by the arms.
“Let me get in there.” Steve touched Tony’s forehead with his finger.
Tony went to the other side of the room and found the huge king-size bed, neatly arranged, with his small suitcase beside it and smiled. He took off his shoes, his jacket, his shirt and pants, getting in his boxer brief and threw himself on the bed.
“Please, Tony...” Steve panted.
"Welcome back, boss," Friday greeted cheerfully as Tony and the others stepped out of the elevator and into the common area of the Tower penthouse.
Tony picked the suitcases in the trunk.
, yes.” He smiled at Steve. “Let's start the fun, darling.”
“Was it an A.I.M. base?" Peter whimpered. “Mr. Stark, I really wanted to go.”
Still kneeling, Steve lifted one of Tony’s legs, holding by the ankle and kissed each exposed piece of skin, going up the calf, passing through the knee, up to the upper thigh, until he went down inside and made Tony’s eyes turn inside the globes. He stopped a few inches from Tony’s underwear and looked at him.
“Tony, if Natasha called us here it's because she has good reasons for it.”
"Well, do it, young Arachnid." Thor ducked out hydra’s step.
“Sure.”
"Sit down, Stark," Fury said in a controlled voice. "And be quiet, please.”
“I was in an induced coma for a while. And Pepper helped me to come back by following the instructions I had left in case all this happened. Apparently, it worked. When I came back, I had zero sense of everything that was going on, nor why I wasn’t at my house, or why I didn’t have my friends calling or being there with me. When I mentioned calling you and Pepper stopped me, I knew there was something very wrong. I remembered talking to you,
"No, it's not," Tony smiled. "But I think the news hasn’t spread as you think.”
“Our best version.”
“Yes?”
Steve was in shock. “Tony,
"I don’t think I've ever cooked with such a beautiful view."
Tony thought. "And then, as soon as it's done, if I remember right, my birthday present comes to fruition and our weekend begins.”
Steve’s smile grew. “It’s just you and me here.” Steve put a hand behind Tony’s neck, and began to massage the sudden knots. Tony closed his eyes and groaned softly. That was wonderful. “Stop thinking and focus on just the two of us.” Did Steve’s voice seem more distant or was it an impression?
Steve said.
That seemed to encourage Steve, who took another step towards Tony. “I see the sun. A star so beautiful, powerful and warm, that everyone wants to stay around when it suits, but that many underestimate, that many even forget that it’s there, but it is, looking after each one of us, taking care, thinking about what’s best for us all.”
“Tony.”
“They don’t know that,” Tony snorted.
“So what?” Tony was nervous about what was about to come, but the curiosity to know what Steve had thought of the sincerest monologue Tony had ever done, dedicated to his best friend’s lifeless body, was much greater.
_______________________________________
“Remember when you called me an old man?” Steve asked and Tony nodded slowly, still not understanding. “We were always like this, I was the old man, stuck in the past, and you were always the futurist, thinking about how to make everyone’s life easier for when tomorrow comes.”
"For a long time I tried to ignore that what I felt was love, but in the end we need to stop running from the truth and face it.”
Tony was impressed by the boy's quick thinking. "Yes, that’s an inconvenience. But we have to have several lines of thought if want to find the one that’ll be the most solid and the most efficient to prove your innocence."
The eyes were full of expectation. So talking would make them happy. He could do that, right?
” Tony cupped Steve’s face and kissed him, swallowing Steve’s moan, who came right away, calling for Tony.
“How are you?” Steve asked.
Tony knocked on the door three times and waited. "Come in," asked a voice from the other side of the door. Tony opened the door, and he and Steve entered a simple room, surrounded by cabinets and windows covered by horizontal blinds and, right in the middle of the room, a large table, covered with files, a monitor, a keyboard, a mouse and, behind all this, a man in his sixties, with a mustache and white hair, dark, serious eyes, framed by closed eyebrows, as if in constant concern, pursed lips, wearing a white shirt with the Boston and Massachusetts police insignia, a navy blue tie, and arms crossed in front of his chest.
"The borers never realize they're boring, Robin Hood," Tony teased, already completely covered in armor.
"Dude, to someone named Hawkeye, your eyesight is horrible," Sam said.
"Come with me," the detective said, turning and walking down a corridor flanked by some doors, until he stopped in front of one.
The Avengers, no matter how good they are, don’t come home with Steve at the end of the day. Bucky, even if he’s back, doesn’t go on missions with Steve as in the old times of their partnership, because now he and Natasha were a pair. How, then, could Steve consider his home there? How could he have wanted to come back? Tony saw his list of questions grow and no real opportunity to ask them.
Then Tony’s stomach did a twist and went back into place when he felt his hands being squeezed back. He felt his eyes widen and looked at Steve in surprise.
, Tony?” Steve’s gaze was all over Tony, enveloping him, trapping Tony much more efficiently than his hands. It was hypnotic and Tony suspected that that look had some kind of supernatural power over him, because Tony started to feel things that he hadn’t felt for a long, long time. Things he thought he couldn’t even feel anymore. But apparently the evidence that they still existed was still around.
“Tony! We have a minor listening.”
"The signature of energy is coming from both the ship and the girl." Vision lifted his head to look in the direction Thor was.
"Thank you, Happy," Tony said. "We'll see you in two days.”
” Steve refocused his eyes on Tony’s eyes. “Stay here with
They sat down and looked back into the other room. Natasha had given a handkerchief to the girl to wipe away the tears, but her face was still red and her eyes, bright and alive, now, were impossibly sad.
” Tony stopped and opened his eyes wide, staring at Steve intently, as if trying not to miss any detail of that handsome face. “Did I mention how beautiful your name sounds when I say it out loud?”
Tony did what he asked, simply because he couldn’t do anything else. He had no strength left. He had just received the best of the prizes and had to refuse. How to continue after that?
They got out of the car and Peter ran to find Steve. Tony stood next to the car, watching from a distance, giving them both the best privacy possible. It was a beautiful and extremely sad scene to see. Steve wrapped Peter in his arms and leaned over his son, trying to protect him, hide him from the world so cruel and insensitive that had turned against that kind boy. Peter hugged Steve by the waist and Tony noticed that his shoulders were shaking. It was all so unfair. A boy shouldn't go through any of that. A father shouldn't feel helpless when his son needs help. A lawyer shouldn’t be attached. Despite all the "shouldn'ts", there they were, reversing all the roles, with the boy being put on trial for a crime that he certainly hadn't committed, his father completely lost and finding himself in a situation for which no training had never prepared him for, and the lawyer was already emotionally attached not only to the case, but to those two human beings, who made him feel only himself, as he had not felt for a long, long time.
The A.I.M. chief laughed mockingly.
“Send me all the progress, okay?” Tony asked when his lunch arrived in the suite at 1 p.m.
Tony set his coffee mug on the counter and, with an impulse, sat on it with his legs folded one over the other.
“Already working on it, boss.”
"Why am I freaking out, Friday?"
“And what do you want from me?”
Tony took another sip of his coffee. "I know that your son is being accused of killing a schoolmate and that he's being held in custody right now."
“What if they weren’t?” Tony said, “What if my other self programmed your ship to travel much more than randomly through the multiverse? What if he scheduled your ship to land here, where he knew you would find an Earth like yours, with versions of your parents that would love you as deeply as they did?” He shrugged. “That's what
"I don’t care about food, Steve, sweetie, and you know it.”
They picked up the ingredients and, as Steve cut the potatoes and prepared the meat, Tony went to the coffeemaker and poured himself another mug.
Suddenly the elevator door opened, startling Tony, who needed half a glass of water to recover and send the food in the right place.
Steve smiled.
“It was completely decimated” without waiting for interruptions, she continued, “My Earth was destroyed during a cataclysmic event called incursion, in which one planet destroys the other in its path. Unfortunately, this time it was mine.”
"Rhodes also thinks that Peter is innocent."
Natasha allowed herself a heavy sigh. That was meant to be a calm day.
Tony took a note from his jacket pocket and left it on the table. "I gotta go. I have to get my client out of jail and surprise his father."
"I think we should start playing," Natasha said.
"Oh, Steve, you can’t even imagine what I've been keeping." Tony lifted his face, moving closer to Steve's face, their mouths so close that Tony could almost taste it...
Tony felt his eyes sting. “You don’t know that.”
"I wanted to come and get you alone to surprise him," Tony said. "And also because I want to talk to you."
“Steve, and now pay close attention to what I’m going to say to you, do you understand?” Tony held Steve’s face in his hands and Steve nodded, paying full attention to Tony. Tony’s smile widened. “I
. All of this has brought us here.
Steve stopped laughing first. “Tony.”
of you - and even that you thought that if you had told me about everything, I wouldn’t believe you,” he leaned forward, propped up on his elbows, and looked at Tony. “You know, you could’ve tried. I could’ve listened to you; I could’ve helped you find a solution. We could’ve avoided all of this together.”
Tony's tongue didn't want to speak. No. He now knew what his body needed. He had a condition and Steve was his medicine. “And I know why Dr. Magic said it was dangerous.”
send him?" Peter asked Steve.
“Agent Romanoff, Agent Barton, Thor, and Captain Rogers are on a mission in the service of S.H.I.E.L.D. Mr. Wilson, Mr. Parker and the Hulk are in Central Park facing the Mole Man.”
And Steve knew. Steve knew that his son was afraid that his father was there to judge and blame him. Even with hope on his face, Peter was afraid that he had disappointed his father, that he would be disgusted. But he was anything but that.
she thought.
Tony was looking at the cell phone, and even though Natasha couldn’t see him, he raised his hands apologetically.
More perfect, impossible.
"What's going out through this portal?"
"From the West portal, the hydra and what appear to be three winged demons," Friday said. "From the East portal, a dragon.”
"Great, is good to have you back," Natasha smiled quickly at them.
And he walked down the hallway before he stopped being able to control himself.
was all she could think of when she finally had a clear view of the source. The spy had already seen a lot of unusual things in her life, from a super soldier frozen alive to space gods, but never anything like that. Clumped awkwardly in the fountain was a sort of huge, metallic, oval ship with a transparent top, opened, pointing toward the orange sky. Although sharply damaged by the sudden fall, the structure remained firm, coldly pretty and efficient, with polished and shiny curves that made Natasha's memory move uncomfortably, but she could not remember why she had the feeling of knowing that thing.
“Is everything all right, Tony?” Steve asked, still in a cheerful tone, handing one of the mugs to the engineer.
“It's not possible.”
"That's okay, Tony," Steve smiled. "It's a funny story. It'll do me good. In fact, you know, Peggy was the one who taught me that when we're going through an extremely difficult situation, the ones we don't know how to solve, the first thing to do is to take a shower and then a glass of wine. Then, yes, you can focus on your problem, because there'll be no other concerns inside of you. All of them were washed by water and wine. So you'll have space to give your full attention to your problem," and, to emphasize, he took another sip of the wine.
“Good job.”
Steve slowly brought Tony close to him and kissed him. Tony could taste the coffee on his tongue and the hand that wasn’t holding the coffee mug flew to Steve’s hair, grabbing it and pinning him in place. Steve groaned and the sound reverberated throughout Tony’s body.
“With the skates,” Tony supplied.
“Why now?” Tony grunted at Steve's shoulder in frustration.
"Read it out loud," Tony suggested. "Maybe it'll help."
"By the power invested in me by the state of New York, I now pronounce you married. Congratulations," announced the officiant.
He was about to turn around when Natasha pulled him by the arm and led him to the balcony, away from the eyes and ears of the others.
"How about if I ask you some questions?" Tony asked, taking out a notepad and a pen from the briefcase he had brought. "Do you mind?" Steve shook his head. Tony smiled without showing his teeth. "Great. So tell me, Mr. Rogers, what do you do for a living?"
“Very well. Save the progress of today's work. I'm going upstairs and have some coffee and I'll be back soon.”
“I'm not feeling very well, Steve.” Tony tried to smile, but what came out was a frown. Was he really saying words? What was that… talking! Yes, he was talking to Steve.
"Who would’ve thought you'd be so sensitive to those details?" Natasha smirked.
I cried with happiness for the first time in decades, because I was finally able to look you in the eye and say those three words that have
take care of
Unable to control himself, Steve moved his hips towards Tony’s mouth, chasing the heat and magic that Tony’s lips now meant. Still holding him, Tony guided him inside, letting him feel everything Tony had to give him. Tony groaned as he felt pre-come running down his throat and the vibration made Steve roll his eyes. “Tony, I ...”
"No more," Steve said. "Let's take this hydra away and close that portal.”
"Enough to
“All set,” he said, turning away, his heart breaking in a thousand pieces with the injustice of all that. Steve was bent over the girl he had brought by the hand, choking her in a hug while stroking her short blond hair and Tony could see that his husband was making the biggest effort in the world not to succumb to tears. The girl hugged Steve with the same intensity, but she trembled, her sobs audible above all the cacophony. Tony approached and Steve gently turned the girl towards him and, like magnets, the two clung together in a hug.
, before we explode.”
"Brain cancer. Extremely aggressive."
Tony shook his head, dismissing these strange thoughts - no pun intended - and turned to his friends.
"Interesting. But you didn't call me to tell me how good it was to see your old college friend again."
"I came from an Earth that existed," her voice failed sharply, "in another dimension.”
“I’ll be stronger than that fucking flower,” Tony said out loud.
“Because then I will owe you a favor.” Strange said without even blinking, as if that was obvious and the best thing in the world all at the same time.
"Vision, extra care." Thor's voice was confident, but Natasha knew he feared for the unknown.
"Here, your coffee," Steve handed the cup of steaming liquid to the lawyer -
He helped Steve kick his pants off and let Steve sit him on the edge of the bed. Thankfully, because, honestly, he didn’t quite know how much longer his legs would last after so many emotions that night.
Tony looked around and couldn’t see anything, it was already high night. He groped for the bed until he found his cell phone and turned it on.
Tony opened his saddest smile and he saw how his expression affected Steve, who frowned and opened and closed his hand on the kitchen island, as if, for a moment, he wanted to reach Tony, but he had changed his mind. Tony nodded. “Yes, I chose it. I
And his cock agreed. Tony was already half-hard.
"But it doesn't make sense," Tony tried to connect the dots on his imaginary timeline, to no avail.
Steve hugged him, stroking his dumped and sweaty hair, and kept him there, close to his heart, where Steve always dreamed of having him. He didn't want to think about what would happen now. Had the pollen left Tony's body? What would happen to their relationship? Would there be a relationship? Those answers could wait until Tony recovered, right? There was no hurry.
unexpected turns. He wasn’t expecting that question. He should simply tell his version of the story and that’s it. Tony realized that he was trapped by Steve’s hands, that they were extremely close to each other, as they hadn’t been in a while, and Tony’s heart raced. He swallowed.
"You can’t imagine how much," Tony smiled.
“Friday, what's going on?” Tony asked when the doors closed.
“I should’ve known when it was time to stop all that nonsense when all I could think about was you, if you were okay, if you were eating, if you were sleeping.” Steve paused. “If you could still smile in the middle of that madness.”
"Well, thanks."
“Iron Man, Widow, Hawkeye, take care of the weapon and the Scientist Supreme,” Steve commanded. “Thor, Hulk, Sam, give cover. Go!”
Steve took the two cups, stood up, refilled them with coffee and handed one to Tony, smiling crookedly. “You know I don’t have any alcohol here, Tony.”
"Hi, Peter," Tony greeted.
“No.” Tony managed to say it, but his voice failed in the end. He cleared his throat.
“And why’s that?” Tony's heart quickened uncomfortably.
______________
“Yes, she does. Virginia Potts, but we called her Pepper.”
Getting to the eye of the hurricane was an almost impossible task, it hurt, it made chills just to think, but the reward was worth it, wasn't it? Getting to Steve was more or less like reaching the eye of the hurricane. It was very worthwhile to spend all the time in the world in his company, making him laugh was the biggest reward, but it was also wonderful to see some more intimate things, things you had to be persistent to get, like how his eyes sparkled when he discovered something new, to follow the excitement he tried to contain when he came to show one of his new drawings, watching him fall asleep on movie nights, enjoying the view that was Steve training at the gym, or just enjoying his company, silent and comforting.
"And what happened to this other Earth?" Vision asked.
Tony’s brain was in trouble. Almost a total collapse. He, the self-proclaimed futurist, the one who was always prepared for any situation, the one who foresaw the Registration Act, who foresaw the Civil War, was now a man stuck in what he once was, wishing to have memories of the past, instead of continuing yearning for the future. How did that happen? When did Steve become the person who thinks about today, who is optimistic about the future, instead of mourning what he might have had if he still lived in the 1940s? When had
“You’ll never be lonely again, my love,” Tony said, taking the tube of lube. He put some in one hand, and with the other he tossed the condom away. “We don’t need this,” he answered Steve’s confused look. “You’re the super soldier who doesn’t get sick. And I’m cleaner than someone who was quarantined.”
“I know you’re there,” Steve said, still in a low voice, as if to prove that he knew Tony had the means to listen to him. “And you’re dying to know how I know,” and the jackass smirked, knowing exactly what Tony was thinking.
you to do with me and I bet you'd love to do too.” To emphasize his point, Tony rolled his hips, rubbing his erection in Steve. Tony moaned loud. “From the moment you touched me, ah, Steve, all the tension and pain was gone, but in its place, something else came up.”
“I'd rather
Tony felt his eyes widen.
“It looks good, but I bet your cock will fill me up much better, darling.” Tony looked at Steve, who realized his mouth was open while admiring Tony.
Tony looked again at Steve across the street, on the roof. He was now leaning on the rail, on his forearms, looking straight ahead without really seeing. Tony wanted so badly to reach him, to get close to his friend, to say that, even if he didn’t remember, he was sorry. That he wanted Steve in his life. He
“Remember when you called me an old man?” Steve asked and Tony nodded slowly, still not understanding. “We were always like this, I was the old man, stuck in the past, and you were always the futurist, thinking about how to make everyone’s life easier for when tomorrow comes.”
"Ah, is it a joke?"
Tony felt himself warm from head to toe and an impertinent smile broke across his face.
More hesitation... so she finally spoke.
Steve looked away from the beach and faced Tony.
With a grunt, Steve climbed onto the counter and Tony was already with his hands on the waistband of his robe, undoing the knot and leaving him gloriously naked. Steve leaned over Tony, making him lie down on the counter, hooked his fingers into Tony's underwear and slid it slowly down his legs.
“A ton and a half, boss.”
Your mouth!” Steve grabbed the hair on the back of Tony’s head, and lost control, thrusting his cock down Tony’s throat. “That feels so damn good.”
Steve’s smile grew. “It’s just you and me here.” Steve put a hand behind Tony’s neck, and began to massage the sudden knots. Tony closed his eyes and groaned softly. That was wonderful. “Stop thinking and focus on just the two of us.” Did Steve’s voice seem more distant or was it an impression?
Steve smiled. "Ratatouille."
"Great," the God of Thunder smiled.
But common sense spoke louder and Tony found himself pulling away and getting out of bed, heading toward the bedroom bathroom. There, he took a clean towel, dipped it in the sink faucet, and returned to the room. He climbed onto the bed, sitting on his heels beside Steve.
“She asked Steve and I to go to the interrogation room.”
“Right away.”
"And how is he getting here from New York so fast?" Steve heard Natasha sigh, but she didn't respond right away. "Natasha, what do you know?"
"Almost eight o'clock on the fourth of July. And as far as I know, you're invited to a very important party today.”
“Are you all right, Natasha?” Thor asked.
"Don’t look so worried," Tony told Steve. He turned his hand, leaving the palm up as an invitation, and Steve put his hand over Tony's, entwining his fingers. “I promise you'll like it.”
"Still," Steve smiled softly. "Thank you.”
"Tony, I took over the case two days ago," Rhodes said, looking Tony in the eye. "Probably, while Natasha called you, Ross was passing me the case. I know what you're thinking. And the DNA had already been found when I took over."
Fury squeezed the bridge of his nose and let the air out.
"Immediately, sir. If you need anything, you know, just call," the girl, Mary, went back behind the counter to take the orders and Tony turned to Rhodes.
"So don’t ruin everything, you understand?"
They looked at each other for what seemed like hours, and Tony’s heart raced. Jarvis could have taken care of those injuries. The robots were there for that. “Why did you come to take care of me?”
"That's Ladan, extremely strong and dangerous, but slow.”
"You won't," Steve said, maybe too quickly.
“Yes, boss. There's Stark technology in this weapon.”
"Yeah... There's this new girl in school, she got transferred from somewhere else, but she's amazing, you know? Smart, funny, beautiful... but I'm not sure how to get to her.”
"What's that for?" the boy asked.
"Not that having people looking at me has ever stopped me before, but if I may ask, try not to look so much, okay? I don’t care, but Steve is kinda shy when he knows there’s other people looking.”
She just laughed and asked why I couldn't give her a chance. If I didn't really like it, fine. No hard feelings," Steve shrugged and drank more wine.
“Yes.” Steve smiled. “I was told it was your idea.”
, was what Tony wanted to ask, but he was too moved. Steve was alive and was talking to him. Hearing his voice again, in person, and not on a recording, was like an extracorporeal experience. Tony felt out of orbit. He waited so long to hear Steve again, and now that he finally had the chance, all he could do was hide in his invisible armor and cry. Steve was saying Tony’s name out loud again. It was almost too much to take.
"No. I want it to be a surprise. A way to make up for not getting it before," Tony shrugged and stood up.
believe me again, would you?
I apparently died.”
Something clicked inside Steve's brain and his eyes lit up. “That's why it was coffee, oil and…” Steve crawled to Tony, cupped his face and tilted it to the side, exposing the neck. Steve nuzzled Tony's neck, making the skin tingle, from the base to Tony's jaw. There, Steve stopped. “...and you.”
His gaze met Steve's, and he had never seen
"You're already getting me too spoiled," Steve said, but his voice was already distant.
He sighed into Steve's mouth as their bodies touched. Skin with skin, heat with heat, not a bit softened by the cold air of the air-conditioning. Tony's brain was a mess of many "yes," "finally," and "it's better than I could ever have imagined." Some time later he would try to describe the feeling of having Steve naked in his arms and wouldn’t be able. Tony could only let his hands lead the way and hope his brain was recording everything.
think?” Tony's voice dropped automatically to speak to Steve. It was instinctive. Whenever Tony wanted Steve's opinion in a delicate situation, he spoke softly, so that only Steve would listen, so that it was their own conversation.
Wanda came over and hugged him tightly.
Tony stopped in the air.
Without another word, he went to New York City sky and disappeared.
"The Renaissance never disappoints," he said, looking at the huge room in front of him, the magnificent view of Dubai beneath the full-length windows, the bright floor, the cushioned couches in the room, and the flawless décor. “Let’s see if the bed remains as good as I remember.”
"Oh, wait, just wait a minute," Peter said. "Are you telling me you're adopting me?"
"Then I think we are good to each other."
Steve pulled away enough to catch his breath, he and Tony resting on each other, sharing the same air. “Tony?”
Tony turned his attention back to the tablet.
Steve kissed the top of his head. “I love you, too, Shellhead.”
“For God’s sake, Steve!” Tony screamed with a racing heart. “You scared me.”
Steve's eyes flashed.
“Your... parents?” Thor still had a questioning expression on his face.
Steve laughed, but soon later they were silent again. They stayed there like that for a while, just enjoying the coffee, the view and the proximity of each other. For Steve, happiness would have that image as a definition when he looked in the dictionary, with Tony still sleepy, but with his fast and acid humor as always, flirty like never before, because now Steve knew it was all true, with no layers, no doubts, with his soft and warm body glued to Steve’s, allowing Steve to love him and show him how Tony was essential.
"Much better," Steve said kissing the top of Tony's head.
“You’re screaming,” Steve said, taking Tony out of his daydreams.
Tony was taken out of his daydreams by an alert message flashing on his display, warning of someone approaching. When he looked to see who it was, his heart filled and Tony found himself smiling. Steve was on the roof again, like the night before, still looking calm, peaceful, but something about him didn’t feel right. Tony zoomed over Steve’s face and felt his chest tighten. Steve had a melancholic look in his eyes, which he rarely allowed himself to have, after all, the great and powerful leader of the Avengers can’t show weaknesses. But there, alone on the roof of his apartment, on a cold and empty night, Steve allowed himself to let all those repressed feelings arise and Tony fought the urge to go there and hug him until nothing worse was left. Steve walked to the outside wall of the apartment on the roof, spread a blanket on the snow-covered floor, sat down and leaned his head against the brick wall behind him to look at the misty sky, with the overcast moon, appearing here and there. Tony saw him sigh.
After all this time, Tony didn’t even have to look to know that Steve was around, they could talk with just one look and there was no one Tony would trust more. Sure, everyone else was Tony's family, people he loved and trusted, otherwise he would never have taken them all under his own roof and entrusted his life to them more than once. But with Steve it was different, another level, so to speak. And even being a genius, Tony couldn’t explain why, there was no way to name what Steve represented to him. And maybe that was better: their relationship was so special and unique that it didn’t even have a category.
"I really wanna do it, Cap, but I lack courage." Peter blushed again.
Tony let out the air so heavily that it even frightened him.
“Wait.” Steve held up his hand. “Did
"But tell me, how are you feeling with your birthday coming soon?"
“At this moment?" Steve asked and Tony nodded. "Well, right now I'm thinking you're too far away.”
“Aye, Captain!” The rumbling voice of the god of thunder rang in the comms, and then lightning struck the A.I.M.'s remaining agents, leaving the Hulk free space to make his way through the reinforced and theoretically impenetrable steel wall.
“Oxytocin, boss.”
At some point that Tony couldn’t really figure it out precisely, something had changed.
Steve released Tony and took the envelope. They were standing in the middle of the dance floor, alone, with all the lights blinking on them, but that was a private moment and the whole party
the practical part of his brain soon woke up too and came to dominate and, along with it, Tony's stomach. Remembering in the last instant that Friday was not present, Tony decided to go down to the kitchen. Doing all he could to keep Steve sleeping, he squirmed to get out of his embrace, got out of bed and groped across the floor until he found the piece of clothing with the fabric that most resembled a pair of underwear. Still relying on his touch, Tony put on the piece of clothing, hoping the underwear was not inside out, and went down the stairs to the kitchen, turning on the lights on the first floor along the way.
"Good thing my plane is comfortable," Tony said.
"Needing a shower," Tony said with a giggle.
The Sorcerer Supreme considered the question and shrugged. “That's right. I think we can say that yes, I need this box to be kept in a vault that is impossible to break into until I solve the problems in the Multiverse.” Strange looked deep into Tony's eyes. “And I know you have something like that here.”
“Ah, my love.” Steve stroked Tony’s face. “I’m here now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve laughed softly. “Come on, tell me what happened.”
Without saying anything else, the two walked the few blocks to the small and charming cafe that Rhodes had talked about and soon a waitress came to serve them.
“I love you.”
If I'm OK
“Even though I’m lonely, I’m still someone cautious.” Steve shrugged and smiled.
“I just didn't want it to be a blind obligation, Tony.” Steve said quietly. “I take consent seriously, you know?”
“Yes, we arrived a few minutes ago.” Natasha's voice came out from the speakers.
“That I don’t have to lie anymore, that all that weight on my back can finally go. Because I know which path I must take and how I will be on it.”
"For panicking, for stopping in the middle of the street, for putting us both in danger ... I'm sorry," Steve closed his eyes and listened to his heart hammering in his ear.
"Peggy was very smart," Steve smiled, lost in thoughts, looking at the wine. "You asked me how we met, right? Well, she and I were friends with Sam, who joined the Army with me, while Peggy was still flirting with the idea. But even though we were soldiers and had very strict duties and schedules, we always managed to get the three of us out together. A while later, she joined the Army too and things were perfect, we were able to reconcile our schedules more easily and it was great. But we were just friends. Nothing romantic," Steve chuckled and took a sip of wine. "At least,
But what about Steve? How much did he remember since he was … since he died? Did he remember all the conversations, all the struggles, all the lies that seemed to be true? Did he remember every feeling, every pain, every betrayal, every stab? Did he still remember Tony?
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw that Steve walked over to the bed on his left and sat on the edge, his hands crossed on his legs, his back straight and his gaze fixed on Tony. Tony didn’t move and continued looking at the void, but paying full attention to Steve.
Steve shook his head, but he smiled.
"I have a plan so they all know each other, but you're gonna have to help me," Natasha said.
Stark. Call me Tony," Tony smiled.
Steve smiled. “I said I'd love to hear you sing. I never imagined that I'd hear you say that you loved me while singing.”
“My father used to call me
Steve kept what was left of the material in the first aid kit box, left it on a table behind him and went back to the stretcher, this time very close to Tony, the two of them face to face. “You’re welcome.”
“Under no circumstances open this box. No matter how tempting it may be, how curious you may be. Don't. Open. This. Box.” Strange said slowly and emphatically each word. He looked deep into Tony's eyes and his look was a great warning that he meant it. “You got it?”
