Tony briefly wondered about which part. "Panic. I would say panic is my reaction."
Tony nodded a little. "If you need a place to lay low from the cameras, you can stay here," Tony said, kicking himself. What the hell, Stark? "You can have the best view of the city all the time, staying here."
“I think I like the protection of my Captain America suit,” Steve told him, but let his eyes linger on the bit of chest that Tony was showing off with the off-white shirt. He could see a bit of the arc reactor as well, but it was a little muffled by the shirt. “But you can wear that around the Tower more often if you want.” Tony raised an eyebrow at him, smirking a bit.
I do not own anything that Marvel/Disney own. I only own the ideas of plot, and the original characters of Jamie and Danielle.
"I have movers on stand-by?" Tony flashed her a grin.
"Something about proving his innocence in something or other," Tony shrugged, trying to step away again. "Says apparently that I can help set some stuff straight, but I know this is not his first infraction as an offender." Tony looked at Steve and saw something, like determination, in his look. "Rogers? What's that look in your eye? You're not getting curious are you? You're not letting the words of a crazy man actually try to make sense, are you?"
"I can't make you sleep on the couch in your own house," Tony said, frowning a little.
When the doors opened he headed down the hallway of the Avengers offices, stopping just in the doorway of Steve’s office. He wasn’t dressed in his mission uniform, and his hair wasn’t wet from a recent shower, so it was strictly a paperwork day. Tony gave a catcall whistle, causing Steve to look over.
The bathroom was dark, but they were close enough that Steve could still see Bucky glaring at him. They heard the nurse start to talk with Meg, getting vitals and asking questions now that she was actually awake. "Help me, Bu-James," Steve whispered to him. "Help me find Tony." Then let me help you, he wanted to say.
“I know what it is,” Steve protested. “I just didn’t know the slang term for it.”
"Yeah, he's keeping an eye out on them." He glanced at Steve, noticing his shoulders were a little tense as he thought about his best-friend-turned-assassin downstairs. "I'm not gonna lie and say that it wasn't risky sending him out to go after Wilson-"
“Shit, Steve,” Tony breathed out, his hands resting on Steve’s shoulders, digging his fingers into his skin. He moved his head to the side, baring his neck a little more for Steve, moaning when Steve moved his mouth, sucking harder. “I would love to take credit,” he sucked in a breath when Steve bit down a little, “for the things your mouth can do, but fuck.” Steve chuckled a little against his neck.
“He doesn’t need to be carried,” Tony pointed out. “Also, Wade found him, and now they’re an inseparable force again. We’re all doomed as their force combine.” Tony dropped into an arm chair, then reached out towards Steve, stealing Jamie away from him. She put her head down on his shoulder, yawning lightly. “Speaking of being doomed, where is the Buckster?”
Jamie was trying to take the spoon from Steve’s hand as she saw the applesauce. He relented and held the container as close to her as possible where she could still reach it. “Her dexterity with utensils is get a lot better,” Tony said as he observed her mostly succeeding in feeding herself.
this movie.
"That was incredible dangerous," Steve started, pacing the room.
“No dirty talk when I’ve got kidlets all over me.”
“They’re a little higher on my list,” Steve said softly before pulling his hand back. “It’s got you on bedrest for at least three days, and constant monitoring for a week. They got too close to them,” he said with a motion to the three kids. “They go too close to doing what they wanted for my comfort.”
"How did everything go last night?" Mary asked as she pulled together all the ingredients that Tony already had sitting out. Tony helped her find some more mixing bowls, and Mary washed out ones he had already used.
Tony hugged Jamie to his chest. “She wouldn’t combust, she’s too sweet.” Jamie giggled, putting her hands on Tony’s cheeks. “Yes you are, aren’t you tiny one?”
"Well, she didn't say no," Steve smirked at him, then moved to put Jamie in the car seat.
Tony took a breath, pressing his cheek to Peter's head, closing his eyes. He took a second to just take in the moment, of his son in his arms. This was real, he was there, Peter was okay. He was breathing, asleep in his arms, and he was going to be okay. Tony would give anything to make sure that nothing else would happen to Peter, that nothing else would make him scared. A wave of terror swept over him and he opened his eyes. He couldn't help but feel that he was in over his head again, that he was going to mess everything up. Mary needed to wake up so that Tony didn't have to go through this alone, he couldn't raise Peter alone, he wasn't equipped to handle it.
“Love you.” Tony kissed the side of Steve’s jaw.
It seemed that the others had been able to make a family after the war, and Steve was happy to see it. Howard's wife was beautiful, dark hair and green eyes. Steve looked back at the file, reading through the file, skimming until he got to what had happened after the war. Howard had been integral to the Allies victory, but Steve wondered at what cost. Stark Industries had helped America in the arms race, making new weapons, and propelling his business. Howard had also had a son, Anthony, but there was no picture attached. Anthony wasn't mentioned much through out the rest of the file. And then something as simple as a car accident had claimed their lives. He wondered what Howard would think he was alive today, Steve wondered how it would feel to have a familiar face around as well. Maybe, soon, he might look for this Anthony. Maybe it wouldn't be too weird to speak with an old friend of his father's. Maybe.
"I know how to handle those," Tony said quietly. The man studied him, then nodded.
“You are going to love what I have planned next then.”
"And I bet you that they become High School Sweethearts," Steve retaliated, then stopped the water.
Tony watched Steve pull part of the blanket over Wade, adjusting him so that he was comfortable, but careful not to wake him up. A little part of Tony said that Steve was good with kids, but he had always known that. Steve would make a good dad, and that thought was the one that worried Tony a little.
“He said that he gave her special permission to join them. Because it was your birthday, and not because he likes her.” Every time Mary and Tony talked about Peter and Jamie, and when they would interact, (which was more often than Peter, or Wade, would admit too), Tony always saw a little smirk hidden on Mary’s face. She was enjoying that Tony had to deal with a jealous Peter, and not her. Mary and Phil had no intention of having any more kids.
"I don't know what to do with a little boy, though, Miss."
“Who’s out there right now?” Steve asking, glancing towards the kitchen.
“Just this one time, we can break the rules,” Steve said as he set the tray down on the coffee table in front of them. Jarvis had automatically paused the movie they had been watching. “We can eat out here, because it looks like everyone is comfortable out here. Next time though, we eat at the table.” The boys grinned, scooting up a little. Tony leaned in to grab Jamie as Steve sat down on the ground, splitting up the pancakes onto plates for everyone.
"Because I needed you," Loki said simply and Tony ground his jaw a little. "I would have used you for one purpose or another, but Barton had told me enough to deduce that the quickest way to get your attention would be through your son. I would not had hurt the boy-"
“No, those are just babblings,” Tony said as he dropped next to Steve on the bench, setting down two trays with several paper plates on them. “They’re on their way to becoming words, but we aren’t counting those yet. I’m personally hoping that she’ll follow in her brother’s steps, and her first word will be Stark.”
Warning, this Chapter is very long. Longer than when I finished up the first Iron Man movie in story. I got carried away, and kept typing. I was watching Avengers while I was typing up this chapter, so that was guiding me as well. I'm not gonna say too much else, but I hope that you all enjoy this chapter, and no regrets for the longness of this chapter!
"Director Fury is calling, Sir," Jarvis announced.
"That'll keep him calm," she nodded. She came over and put a cup of coffee in front of him, and held onto one as she sat across from him at the table. "To what do I owe the pleasure of a morning visit?" Julie smiled at him.
"Your clever words will not-"
"With very little help from the good Captain," Tony said with a grin, and Steve groaned a little.
"I'd hope so," Tony scoffed a little. "This isn't some shoddily run spy organization." Steve huffed out a little laugh. "Yeah, this room is open all the time, so feel free to come here when you feel like working out. I can assume you've already found the gym?" Steve's cheeks suddenly turned a little red, and Tony's raised an eyebrow. "You broke the punching bags, didn't you?" His cheeks turned a deeper shade of red and Tony couldn't help but laugh. "Okay, don't get your panties in a twist, I was kind of expecting that. Jarvis is already making some different material that should stand up a little longer to your super strength."
"Do you think there's going to be something in there that might be able to help?" Bruce asked, moving over to the next screen, going over the combinations that had failed as suitable replacements for palladium.
"You wanna stay here, or go with?" Tony asked Bruce as he got up from his chair.
"Before or after you go down to the workshop?"
"Peter's clean," Bruce answered for him. "It didn't pass to him."
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve nodded gratefully to him, hands brushing over Jamie’s hair. “Thanks, Buck.”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest, not caring if he looked like Peter who just wanted to stay up for ten more minutes. "Yeah, the left arm. You got something?"
"Peter talk you into coming back with us?" Tony asked Steve as he walked over. The blonde looked at him and nodded. "Mary's there, just to let you know, so, you know," he shrugged a little. Tony ran his hand through Peter's hair. "Guess we'd better get to where there's a bed then, right?"
“Steve, where’s Tony?” Steve frowned when he recognized her business tone.
"She's right," Mary said with a nod. "I've only had to use Peter Richard twice."
Tony quickly shook his head. “No, not at all. Old Tony never would have thought that he’d be happy, especially doing cliché everyday, normal people things.” Steve mouthed the last few words, trying not to laugh. “I think we all can admit that my life is anything but normal.”
"Does that upset you?" Steve asked, raising an eyebrow.
Mary turned her head to look at Coulson, who was practically bouncing on his feet now, and they went up to the window. Looking inside the room she could then see that the something on the table, was actually a person. She sucked in a breath and put her hand over her mouth. She easily recognized the mans face.
"Is everything alright?" Steve looked at him, then looked around Tony, being a couple inches taller than him. "I thought I smelled something-"
"There's only one God, ma'am," Steve said, a little bit of his 40's manners shining through. "And I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress like that."
"Yeah, walk with me. I'm going to give you the meeting of you life." Pepper headed them for the door to the parking garage. "Your office."
Slowly pushing himself up, he dragged himself towards the back towards the bathroom. A shower would be good, and it would wake him up a bit more. He already had enough in production anyway; Marks X, XI, XII, and lucky number XIII, were in fabrication. It was time to take a break. A familiar ping from his phone had him reaching into his pocket as he walked into the bathroom. Tony really needed to trim his beard.
"You're bringing Banner in on this?" He looked back through the files again, dropping the image of the tesseract.
"Cap," Tony breathed. He hadn't meant to say any of that stuff to him, he hadn't meant it. "I didn't-"
"He's okay, Mary," Tony said, trying to keep his voice even.
Peter bit on his bottom lip for a second before looking up at Tony, puffing up in sudden courage. “Well, I was just thinking, that you know, they’ll be staying there, and maybe I could spend more time on your floor? Mama and Phil have a lot more work to do now, and I’m teaching Jamie stuff, too. Just so she doesn’t need as much attention, of course, but,” he shrugged and wiggled a little. “And Jamie’s gonna grow up calling you Daddy, like I do, even though I was first, but she’s gonna grow up calling Mr Steve something else, right?”
“You enjoy it!” Tony laughed and elbowed Steve’s arm. “You’ve been back for almost three years, you bum.”
"Tony-"
"That's practically a year in Peter and Wade time," Tony added, snorting with a chuckle.
As Tony walked through the doors to his workshop, he raised an eyebrow at the three crates that were sitting on the floor. He walked over to the his desk, grabbing a new core first, never taking his eyes off the gray crates. They looked old, a bit dusty, probably hadn't been opened in about a decade. Tony grabbed the glass of chlorophyll from the desk, taking a long drink, as he walked over to inspect them. He swallowed, then almost coughed the liquid back up when he saw what was printed on the crates.
"Okay," Peter nodded. "How much longer does Wade get to stay with us?" He asked, setting his bag by Steve's in the living room.
"I should probably look in that once my decryption programmer finishes breaking into all of SHIELD's files." Tony was going to see what exactly Fury had been taking Mary in too.
"Something like that," Steve said with a shrug. "Starting to think that I should have taken Mary up on the idea of becoming a teacher, or something."
Bruce leaned over to look at the screen as a fourth and fifth song appeared. "They're being added kind of quickly," he commented. "Not even enough time to listen to the full song."
"Why are you still even making food?" Tony asked him. "Peter's at school, Agent is headed to the office, and I'm sure that Mary's about to head that way, too."
Meg gasped and whipped around to look at him. “Are you bad-mouthing Supernatural?” Tony turned wide eyes on Bucky. Steve kept an arm wrapped around his waist, smirking a bit at Bucky from behind Tony. “Do you understand the severity of the episode you just badmouthed??”
Peter frowned, but not angrily, more confused, and looked down at Jamie. She was still holding onto his shirt, and looking up at him, giving him a smile. She babbled softly and Peter blinked. “Well,” he paused a little. “Good, then. Yeah. See, I said you needed to start walking. At least you’re listening to me.” He scrunched his face and Jamie tried to mimic the action with her own face. “Maybe, uh, listen, I’m older than you, but younger than Daddy and Mr Steve. So, maybe I should teach you what you should do first, okay? But, it’s not because I like you, or anything, it’s cause you need to learn faster.” Tony looked Steve. “And Daddy and Mr Steve still have to work sometimes. So, when they’re working, I’ll teach you stuff. Like walking. So, yeah.”
"Ma'am," he answered on instinct, hand coming up to take the phone from Agent Hill. "Mary," he said softer this time, voice full of a lingering anguish.
Steve laughed. "I don't think so, mister. I think you owe me a turn now." Steve twirled his finger, looking at Tony. He wanted to play this game? Oh, Tony could play with the best of them. He had been born and bred to strut his stuff. Tony put his free hand in his pocket, fisting his hand so the fabric drew a little tighter around his body. His steps were deliberate as he turned, making his posture as straight as could be, pushing his hips back a little.
"I'm not going to justify that with an answer," Bruce told him, rolling his eyes a little.
Steve couldn't help but open one of his eyes part-way to look over at them. Tony was looking at Peter like there was nothing else in the world, but Steve could see that Tony's emotions were close to the surface. Now he couldn't stop thinking about Tony, about how he had grown up. He was an only child, but didn't he had many friends he could hang out with? Like Peter and Wade, or Steve and Bucky. Had Tony always lived alone? He certainly lived alone here in New York, Steve knew that much, but what about when he had been living in California?
Wade nodded, stopping at the front door to their apartment. He took a breath and looked at the door for a second, thinking. “Thanks, Mr Steve.” He quickly wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist in a hug, and just as quickly was pulling away and walking inside the apartment. Steve blinked, surprised by the swiftness, but then a small smile crossed his face and headed back to the stairwell.
Now, as for the story! This is the second to last chapter, and I know I'm going over 200k words with this chapter. Next update, which won't be nearly as long as this one took to come, will be the last chapter, but then I'll also post a preview for what's going to happen in the story after that. It's been requested in the comments, and I can confirm that we will be seeing a teenaged Peter! We will be seeing Spiderman! With the way the story will progress, we'll probably get more Spiderman as more info about Spiderman Homecoming, comes. I'm always adamant about not putting any spoilers for recent movies in the stories, so what I'll be pulling is how they portray Spiderman, and what kind of powers/gadgets that he has. Because I really like Tom Holland as Peter. :)
“You’re supposed to be waking her up, not giving her a new place to sleep.” Tony murmured, his arm wrapping a little tighter around Peter.
"Tony?" She frowned as she stepped inside, hurrying over to him. "What's wrong?"
"What's stopping you?" Natasha asked him. She knew, but she wanted to hear him say it.
“I just got here, though,” Steve almost whined.
"I'm Meg," she responded with a smile.
"Well, that explains a lot of the behavior," Bruce said with a nod. "But it's all official now?"
Tony took a breath, and pushed himself away from the desk. He grabbed his jacket, and the keys to the town car. He really did not want to get another look from Mary's mother if he was late again.
"I need you to go pick up Peter." Tony grinned. "Pepper is gone for a couple days, I was told to lay low by Obie, and all the work that I could be doing down in the workshop can't happen until Jarvis is done running models and specs."
Tony found Bruce first once he boarded the Hellicarrier, almost completely on accident. He had been looking for Coulson and Peter, but saw Bruce through the windows of the lab he was in. They marched Loki by and Tony caught the smile of insanity that Loki threw towards them. He was sure that it was directed at both Tony and Bruce.
“Yeah, you can be an asshole, but so can I.” Steve said, cutting him off. “We’re both stubborn, and I’m sure that we haven’t even encountered the worst of it from each other. You can be blunt, because you’re done with bullshit- I know, language,- and you loathe manipulative games because that’s what you’ve had to grow up with, to live with, but you also know that that’s how the world of business that you live in has to be played. Doesn’t mean you like it.” Tony lifted his head a little to raise an eyebrow at him. “Everyone is selfish in their own way, but as a whole you’re generally a selfless person. You’ve just become so good at hiding all of that, of playing the role that everyone sees, that you don’t want to pull attention to the big things that you do.”
"Your mother has the blessing of a Saint in every religion," Tony groaned out, falling back onto his pillow.
"Stop calling me that." They both stopped moving when a cart went past the room, but it didn't stop. "You've forced them further underground, now I can't find them." He pressed against Steve with his body. "You almost got her killed." Steve's hand flew up to grip the metal wrist, trying to pull it back, even just enough to pull in a single breath. "What were you thinking dumping that information?"
What the hell had Steve added to his playlist now? Tony frowned at the song and shook his head, not in the mood to respond just yet. Maybe after his shower.
“I thought seasoning was our friend?” Tony asked with a little smirk. “Isn’t that what they were saying on one of those cooking shows you watch?”
"I was hoping, Stark," Fury said as he walked into the room, "that you might join Dr Banner in searching for the cube."
“Saving the world from bad guys is a little different than a dinner party,” Phil said with a smile.
"I don't have the same mental problems as you," Tony rasped out. He was still able to breathe as Loki held him, but it wasn't exactly easy. "No voices talking to me."
"Peter's only been in school for two weeks," Tony accused. "You can't be that bored already."
“Have you ever thought about going on stage?” Tony asked, turning a little to look at the elevator door so he could avoid Steve’s glare. “I could see you on Broadway, maybe. Do you think that you could sing for a musical? Maybe we should start off with just acting, a drama, before we jump into a musical. Let you build up-“ Tony yelped when Steve wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled him back quickly into his chest. “Is that a no?”
"The stunning, yet deadly, SHIELD Agent that's been acting as my PA?" Tony should have been more suspicious when the PA took down happy in the boxing ring barely paying any attention. "I'm kind of impressed that you guys managed to work her in for so long without me noticing. They couldn't just have asked you to report back to them?"
“I gotta agree with Tony on this one,” Rhodey threw in, making Tony grin. “That’s sounding dangerous close to Captain America talk. Peter is very insistent that no one does any type of work on their birthdays.” Tony pointed up, to the speakers, as if Rhodes were proving his point. “How is the little munchkin, anyway?”
"It's okay," Tony sussed, pressing his nose into Peter's hair, rubbing his back. "I'm here, I'm here now. There's no more bad guy to hurt you. I'm so sorry, so sorry, Peter," Tony whispered. Mary dabbed at her eye with the knuckle of her finger, but had a little smile on her face. They'd make do, they always had until now.
"I have the robots, and Jarvis," Tony said, hand rubbing Peter's back. He took a breath, pressing his lips together for a second. "I'm glad you came though," he said quietly.
"That is a fact," Steve said with a nod. "Sometimes exhausting."
“Evil.” Steve muttered with a smile and grabbed the clothes. “I’m not shaving though. I will not be mistaken for the actor out there.”
"I'll have you know that it's one of my favorites," Tony said, leaning back in the chair that Peter had assigned to him. "And I am not the first one to show him the movies. That was all Mary."
"Um, last year?"
Tony landed on the platform, the suit dismantling around him as he walked, keeping an eye on Loki. He was going to kill him, pure and simple. He could get the bracelets for the Mark VII that were on the bar, then he would have a back up weapon when he pure, and unadulterated fury didn't do the job. As he walked into the penthouse, he could hear Peter's soft sniffles, and Tony felt his body alight with a renewed anger.
Iron Man 1 comes to an end, with a few shakes and surprises.
The Other started to lean in towards Tony, but he was already shoving, pulling himself away from the six-fingered hand that had grabbed him. Tony moved backwards, as quickly as he could, rolling again and getting her feet, pushing himself off as he stumbled a couple of times. He wasn’t going to be caught here again, Steve, Peter, and Jamie were out there, he had heard the shouting. And he sure as hell couldn’t let anything else get to them.
Mary moved from the seat to kneel in front of Tony, putting hands on his arm. "I've said it once, I've probably said it half a dozen time, but I'll say it again," Mary started, her voice soft, but confident. "You may not be a conventional father, but you are one, and you are a damn good one. Are you perfect? No, but I'm not a perfect mother either. Do you intentionally hurt Peter?" She shook her head. "You want nothing but the best for him, and you want to keep him safe. You're trying to spare him the kind of childhood that you had; trying to keep him out of the camera's eyes, which has to be extremely hard.
"None that have been reported, or discovered, Sir," Jarvis informed him.
"Everyone looks stupid doing this dance, that's the beauty of it!" Tony laughed, pulling Steve over towards Mary and Coulson. They all needed a front row to Steve Rogers, Captain America, doing the Time Warp.
"And if he doesn't want to go into science, or anything else like it?" The military man asked, moving the bed around on the screen. Tony wrinkled up his face a little, but didn't undo what Rhodey had done. "What if he wants to be an artist? Or a chef?"
"Uhhhh," Tony blinked. He was quickly finding out that he didn't actually know much about the day to day care of a child. He had to give Mary so much more credit than before. Tony stepped into the pantry, blinking a little at all the different foods; cans lined one shelf, with fresh fruit and vegetables on the other side. He found a unopened jar of peanut butter, a bag of raisins, and turned to find celery. "J used to make this for me, I think he called it, ants on a log?"
"Well, I'm not going to have you watch something like Star Trek and have you miss everything." Tony scoffed a little like he was insulted. "Maybe a series instead of movie, there are a couple of those where you can watch most of the first season and not miss much, or just watch them again." The elevator doors opened and the duo walked out and towards the kitchen. "I'm feeling some hot chocolate, how about you?" He didn't wait for Steve's answer before he reached into one of the cupboards.
Yinsen picked up on this, and the little unsure sound that Tony made, hummed, and nodded once. "So you're a man who has everything," he paused for a second, "and nothing."
"I could hear you talking to me sometimes." Tony hadn't been expecting her to say that to him. "Tony, sit down and talk to me. At least reassure me about your arc reactor."
Tony watched Steve in the art room with all three kids that day, watched as he tried to keep Jamie trapped between his feet while he worked with Peter and Wade on color theory, and colored pencils. Jamie had pieces of paper in front of her and crayons in her hands, mostly content to work on the floor, sometimes growing curious enough to want to see what the boys were working on.
When he walked in Steve had his hands on his hips, looking at Tony with a very stern, but questioning, look. “What is this?” He gestured to the outfits that he had paid out on the bed while Steve was taking a shower. Jamie was happily cooing over her own little outfit on the bed. She was in a normal outfit, but had a little red cape on, Velcro around her shoulders just in case, and a red hat with a feather, much like the one in the movie
Mary made sure that Captain Rogers had some clothes, shoes, and a jacket before they went back outside, going to her car. She let him take his time taking stock of the car, and letting him push almost every button on the inside as well.
"Curious about what?" Tony asked, foot shuffling on the carpet. "Many things to be curious about, especially for you, Cap. All that time in the ice really set you back with society."
“Like you suffer!” Bucky pushed Steve’s back, making him almost stumble into the elevator and Steve grinned. “Punk.”
"He does a lot of the house work, too. I help him when I can if he's outside." She lowered herself into the chair in the living room, Steve taking a seat on the small couch, pulling Tony down next to him. "He made some meatloaf and mac and cheese to thank Steve and me for shoveling his sidewalk and driveway." Steve raised his eyebrows at her. "I was directing you." Steve snorted.
"Yeah," Peter said with a smile. That was one thing Tony never had to worry about coming between him and his son, and that had been such a load off his mind. "Even my art lessons got more fun!" Tony smiled, running his hand through Peter's hair a bit.
“You were humming one of my songs to me.” Steve got a silly little smile on his face, looking at Tony. He reached his hands up to tangle in Tony’s hair. “I almost didn’t recognize it, because you slowed it down. I don’t get to hear your voice enough, will you sing it to me?” He pulled Tony’s head closer to his, their foreheads resting together, Steve’s arms moving to hold onto him.
"Go, I can watch her," Bruce nodded, leaning in to pick up Jamie as Steve shot to his feet.
“Sure are,” Tony answered easily, sunglasses fixed in place, hand resting on Peter’s head for a moment. “Stick by Mr Steve while I check us in, alright?”
"Jarvis will get the information, don't worry, I'll take care of it," Tony assured her quickly. "Listen, got an idea, but gotta run it by you."
"Too busy taking down Nazi's to really enjoy the sights?" Tony asked, leaning past Steve to grab Peter's favorite juice.
"Because the internet is so hard to use to look up details about Captain America from World War Two," she deadpanned. "I'm serious Steve, I'm going to send some of this stuff back to you."
“What about your half-sister?” Steve asked, remembering the couple of time they had talked about her.
Pepper sighed a little and waved her hand, the promise of a future conversation there, but she understood. Tony leaned forward to kiss her cheek and hurried inside once again.
“Gone.” He saw Steve’s whole body tense. “I’m sorry, they didn’t make it. Your Eevee was the only one to have survived.”
As he put the phone down, he saw Natasha, Sam, Hill, and Fury all looking to him. Steve took a deep breath then stood up, arms straight, hands fisted. "Let's make a plan."
"My teacher says that I'm really good at math, but that's because my Daddy has been helping me with my numbers," Peter continued to ramble on, eating bites of ice cream in between punctuation marks. "I can already count to a hundred. Daddy says that if I can do that, then all the other numbers are just as easy."
"Hello?" Tony heard her voice echo from the entry hall. "Tony?"
"Go on," Mary waved her hand. "No need for you to help us with groceries," she chuckled. Steve gave her a smile and waved to Peter before heading back over to his apartment, the leaves forgotten outside.
There were other cars around that had been, cut??, by whatever weapon this man had. It was a good thing his legs didn't want to work with him just yet, cause Tony needed to keep close to the ground. He skirted around the damaged car parts, watching the man walk past him, eyes only on the F1 racing car that he had just been in. Tony grabbed part of a red car, watched the man slice through his own car with his whip, pushed down the fear, and swung at the mans head.
"I hired her to make some stuff for my company." He smiled a little, loving when Peter talked so easily about a subject. He really seemed to enjoy art, even more now that he was getting exposed first-hand to different mediums. "Pretty cool, huh?"
"Actually, you have to eat first," Mary said from the doorway, smiling at them.
"I'm not surprised that he would sneak in to get back his Handler," Clint spat out. Clint would definitely be holding a grudge against Bucky for attacking Natasha back in DC.
"Mama!" He cried out at the same time that Pepper screamed. Mary turned, holding tightly to Peter, and stood, seeing the giant suit chasing after Pepper.
"If she didn't keep cavorting with him, it wouldn't have happened." Rachel crossed her arms over her chest, strong in her convictions.
"Sir, I do so hate to interrupt, but Mr and Mrs Fitzgerald are arriving in the garage." Tony pressed his face into Steve's shoulder when the AI spoke up. Steve dropped a kiss on the top of his head, rubbing his shoulder.
"Cause tomorrow is Daddy's birthday," Peter announced. Tony was studiously avoiding their eye contact.
"I can feel you moping," Bruce said as soon as he walked in. "I thought you had talked to Steve last night."
As Tony got closer Jarvis scanned the missile. Nuclear, of course. What in the hell was Tony going to do with this? It was timed and there was no where remote enough that he could put it in less than two minutes. If there was- "I can close it. Can anybody copy? I can shut the portal down."
Tony shrugged a little, still not looking away from Loki. He wanted his eyes alone to make the alien burn. "Still, you are pretty spry, for an older fellow." He cast a side glance towards the hero. "What your thing? Pilates?" Confusion. "It's like calisthenics. You might have missed a couple things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle." Tony couldn't help it, and now he could practically feel the disapproval just rolling off of the man.
"Shall I store this on the Stark Industries Central Database?" Jarvis asked, the default place to save most projects.
"Bounty Hunters could steal one!" Wade grinned.
son in the last year. How many time I've been there to take him, to watch him, when you weren't available, when you couldn't even take the time."
“Tony,” he rumbled out, one arm holding his up, the other up by his neck and shoulders, taking comfort that he was there in his arms.
"What-"
Steve would have to wait another two weeks or so before he was able to get a shot at meeting Tony. Tony scowled at his phone when he saw the text from Mary, saying that Peter would be over at Steve's, and that Coulson had picked her up early. Tony couldn't get away from a meeting with the Board, not if he wanted to get his project off the ground this month. He had a plan, and he wanted it to open this year, and Tony Stark doesn't like to settle for second best.
"Peter, look up, look at that baby," she pointed up, and turned the little boy to the sky. "He didn't do it, that's Daddy up there, right now." Peter hiccuped with little sobs, looking up, wiping his eyes with his arm. Mary was barely aware of Coulson and a couple other agents coming out. They were moving the wounded ones to the cars, Coulson stopping to lean down by them and Pepper. "Daddy's still alive, he came back to protect you."
Wade looked up at Tony, smiling, and he just knew that something funny, and probably inappropriate for a nine-year-old was going to come out of his mouth. "Did you know she's got two babies in there? You'd think she'd have to be bigger, make more room. They're probably pretty cramped in there."
"Sounds like a plan," Tony said with a nod. "I promise to tell you all about the meeting when we meet up to go baby shopping."
Tony stared at the message. That was the one who was responsible for all of this, for what happened to Mary. Tony should be thinking about the others who had been caught in the collapse, but right now, he and peter needed Mary.
"I like blue," Peter said, running his fingers around the outside, tracing the circle. "Mama say bad people hurt you." Tony blinked a little. He wondered just how much him being gone had affected Peter. "That they took you."
"Oo, appealing to my superior future knowledge," Tony pointed his mug at Steve in lieu of a finger. "You're sly, Rogers, well played." He laughed when Steve seemed to preen a little. "Here's the deal, I'm going to get working on setting up the details for Peter's party, and if I get started now then I'll be back with plenty of time before dinner."
"I didn't think that they would murder my baby-"
"Tony." Tony blinked at the fingers snapping in front of his face and William was looking at him. "I need you to stay with me." Tony rubbed his face with his hand. "You know what this is, right?" Tony shook his head no. "These are anxiety attacks, and flashbacks."
"Yeah, but you'll be able to tell him that you'll be okay," Tony said. "I know I don't know you that well, like, at all, but, Wade's a good kid, and he means a lot to Peter, and you mean a lot to Wade." Tony stuck his hand in his pocket, shrugging a little to himself. "I'm an engineer, a mechanic, I like to fix things, it's what I'm good at."
“I nearly revealed myself to save your worthless hide,” Loki responded with a sneer.
"Won't that be hard to pull off when I need it?" Steve asked as Tony pulled out a new leather harness. "I assume that it's a strong enough magnet so that it won't fall off during a mission." Tony nodded a little.
“Good to see you up. Do you think you could grab something to restrain her?” Mary asked, and Tony blinked. “Tony, afraid we don’t have time for your brain to catch up. Take my words for true, help me out, and I’ll explain later. Somebody’s trying to hack into Jarvis.”
"I'm going to get him," Tony growled out. The files disappeared, the tablet turning off. "I'm bringing him back here." Steve grabbed Tony's arm, and his eyes flared with anger. "Don't even think about stopping me! There's nothing there they can do that I can't-"
Tony snorted a little, but smiled, burying his face against Steve’s side.
"Well, I'm not the one who turned into a giant Green Rage-"
Tony nodded, kissing his Aunt Peggy on the cheek before rushing back into the house. He hoped that she would talk Howard down, knowing that he wouldn’t be happy with what had happened. He held onto Vee, but not too tightly, and hid around the corner. He didn’t want to eavesdrop, but he wanted to know if he should stay in his room for the rest of the day or not.
“Re-run, actually,” she said, wiping a fake tear from her eyes. Both she and Tony dropped their heads in a moment of silence. “RIP Bobby.” Steve ran his hand through Tony’s hair.
Tony was looking at his tablet as they rode back to the Tower from the airport. Pepper had given him strict instructions that he needed to get back to his actual job with SI now that vacation was over. So he picked the first thing that looked like it wouldn’t give him a headache. Peter was eagerly looking out the window, watching as they got closer, and Jamie was content in her car seat, still feeling sleepy from the afternoon flight. Tony nudged Steve’s arms and leaned over to show him the tablet.
“We’re not getting a house,” Tony pointed at him with little glare.
"SHIELD brought over some of Howard's old stuff, and I've been slowly going through that." Tony motioned over to the crates in the back of the workshop, one of them not opened. "Apparently he was a founding member of SHIELD, so there's that."
"For the day of a wedding, you don't look too terribly joyful." Pepper turned more towards Tony.
"I'm getting too old for this," Tony wheezed out a bit when he was able to get on the cart.
Okay, here is some promised good times, inside the chapter, somewhere. :) Don't worry, I'll make up for all the pain I put the boys through! I can't make the same promises for the pain that I put you wonderful readers through..... Sorry? <3
“No,” Steve told him immediately. He squeezed his shoulder again. “You were in immediate danger, even I could see that. And from what you’ve told us, he was threatening others.”
“Little creepy when you say like that, Tony.”
"Tony?" Tony's eyes shot open at Mary's voice. Well, it felt like they shot open, but his body was moving sluggishly, even his eyelids.
"Open presents!" Peter exclaimed.
Steve pursed his lips as he tried not to smile at the seriousness of Tony’s tone. “To turn on me? They’re not a coven.”
“So, almost two decades of taking fighting classes,” Bucky commented and Meg wrinkled her nose a little.
“I’m not the only one,” Steve said with a little hum. He pushed the sketchbook to side, then stretched over to kiss Tony. “I told you that this would be good for you.”
Steve looked up into the sky immediately as the soldiers fell, lifeless. He needed to see the red and gold of the suit, he needed to see Tony! He felt Thor's gaze on him. The portal was open for too long, if they waited much longer then the destruction that the nuke was wreaking to the chitauri would come back, and Tony's sacrifice would have been for naught.
"You did it the first time without hesitation," Tony smirked a little, but it fell flat. "I just-"
"Please tell me that you're hearing yourself right now," Steve said, looking at Tony, pulling a glance towards Steve before looking back at the road. "What you just told me was some of the most selfless stuff I've heard come out of your mouth, or from anyone for a while actually."
Tony pulled from Steve and looked at him. "Just, stop right there." Steve was the one frowning this time. "This isn't my first rodeo, I know what you're doing. You're not the first person to try to talk me into seeking help." Tony pushed himself off of the couch, Steve following him. "You got lucky when I opened up and told you about Afghanistan, but don't you dare try to turn it around on me to try and get me to see a shrink."
"Mmmmm," Mary touched her chin as she hummed. "I don't know, it's looks like Daddy is having fun. I don't know if I should stop it."
She chuckled a little over the phone, and Steve felt his eye twitch a little. “Nowhere where I am,” Hilda told him. “Taking him was a repayment, after that I really couldn’t care less where he actually ended up.” Steve growled and the woman hummed. “There’s that fighting spirit. Listen, Captain, let’s not pretend that you don’t know who I am. I’d thank you for taking care of my niece for me, but you’ve been trying to undo all my hard work.”
Then there was this new threat of Colonel Wilson. Apparently he wasn't all mentally present, and Tony needed to keep Julie and Wade safe. He was sure it was the same thoughts that had spurred Steve into his 'Captain' state. And that wasn't even including the fact that Tony hadn't gotten a decent amount of sleep in the last forty-eight hours at least, and didn't want to stop to think about what he had actually been through while at the Hydra facility. He wasn't ready, not mentally.
"Is Jackson who she went to go look for?" Tony asked, and Wade nodded.
Not so much Angst. Baby Girl gets a name!
“Mom tells me that he stood up to your black-mailing ex,” she said with a smirk. “Went all righteous Captain America on him.”
"-but a part of me has always cared about you." Tony raised both eyebrows in surprise. "If I actually hated you, or didn't care about you at all, I wouldn't give you the time of day. I know there have been times I could have been nicer-"
"Oh, can we use that one anyway! Everyone needs Justin Timberlake in their life." Mary grinned at Steve's face.
"I told him no running," Tony said as he stood up, slowly stretching his arms above his head. "The kid is creepy as shit when he's trying to wake you up."
He grabbed his shield and was leaping down the stairs, barely touching down on them, and he heard a couple more gunshots. But they weren’t aimed at him. He jumped over the railing and kicking at the two closest men, before throwing a punch at another. He could see light coming out from underneath a door, and then a shout that sounded too much like Wade’s.
"The one we made cupcakes for, right?" Steve asked, and he saw Tony nodded out of the corner of his eye.
Tony saw when Steve noticed what was missing on Howard's desk, when his eyes swept over the desk a second, then a third time. Steve looked back up and caught Tony's eyes. "He did most of his work from here, he didn't like the feeling of an office in a large corporate building. He did a lot of meetings here as well, wanting to make clients feel comfortable, but to be on his territory, said that's how sharks got their prey." Tony moved from his spot and opened one of the old files sitting on the desk, spreading out some of the papers.
"It's not intruding. We know that you guys weren't able to be here for Peter's last birthday, so we wanted to surprise him this year." Tony opened the door for them, letting the couple get in first, before climbing in and sitting across from them. "I know that Peter's going to be ecstatic to see you both."
"Sorry, no more tortures devices to attach to my face," Tony growled out with a glare. "I'm sure that I can find your old friend tho-" His words were cut off with a gurgle and a gasp when Loki moved, a hand to Tony's throat, slamming him against the wall of the room.
"Tony?" Tony and Bruce looked over at the end of the table, the other four looking at them now. Steve looked a little concerned. "What did you find Bruce?"
"Flashbacks," Steve guessed and Tony nodded.
"I haven't actually thrown up in like, two weeks, please don't break that streak," Meg said from her spot on the couch, checking her phone.
"So I'm right!" Tony declared and grinned.
"I wouldn't have done that to you, Tony," Mary said, and Bruce looked over at him. It had been a while since anyone other than Pepper called Tony with such familiarity. "I try not to bring my work home with me, and I've made it clear that I won't do any missions where you're involved without your knowledge."
"I'm almost out of power, I've gotta get out of this thing." He started to disasemble the suit manually. "Did you find Peter?? Is he okay??"
"No tips?" Steve shot at him. As soon as he got one foot in, Jamie was taking it out as he moved to the next foot.
Tony smiled a little sadly at Peter, running his hand through his hair. “Wade will be alright, but he’s going to be spending some time with his Mom for a few days, okay?” Peter almost pouted, but he looked more concerned for his friend. “He didn’t have an awesome Daddy like you do, and he did some pretty ugly things. But Wade’s safe now, and his mom is gonna help take care of him.”
"God, you need a new name for that," he muttered, looking over into the crowd again. He saw a woman with her hair up, a long blue dress with an amazing back plunge, and a glass of champagne in her hand, and he thought she looked familiar.
“He didn’t even know what a shovel talk was,” Rhodey threw in.
"Will he go away if I take the plate from his hands?"
"I thought it was very smart of you to not play with us," Coulson commented. "I would start off slow if you wanted to get into poker, work on your poker face. I can teach Peter and Wade how to play Poker." Coulson's lips twitched up when Steve gave him a very unamused look. "I did skip breakfast though," he added and Steve raised an eyebrow. "I probably would have thrown it all up by now. I'm sure there will be very little food left after the reception."
“Sylvy,” she said quietly, and her ribbons moved forward, brushing over his face, neck and arms. Steve stayed still for it all, just giving her a small smile. “Sylveon.”
"Tony certainly has a way with words," she chuckled. "I haven't heard about this little cutey though. Wade's only mentioned the twins."
I will be see Civil War on Friday, but like the tags say, there is no Civil War here, it doesn't exist. But there will be no spoilers in the upcoming chapters. Only way I'll use something might be int he way of non-spoilery fight scenes.
Tony walked over to a small wood hutch, pulled open a wooden door and pulled out a crystal decanter with an amber liquid inside. Tony pulled the top off and took a sniff. He closed his eyes and set it back down, leaving the top off, but didn't reach for a glass. "The stories never stopped, but they changed as I got older. I went to a lot of different boarding schools, and the teachers didn't like that I was smarter than them." Tony was looking out the window now, having pulled the curtains back a little. "I don't mean to sound like a dick, but it was true. I was always above what grade I was in, and I got bored, and I corrected the teachers. I mouthed off when they called me a cheater on tests, and I eventually would get kicked out. Howard never listened to my side of the story, just threw money at the next boarding school and shipped me off. And tell me how I would never live up to the great Captain."
Tony pointed at her. “You didn’t something else, something that I’m not really going to like, am I?”
Steve watched Tony walk in, like he owned the place, glance over at him and Steve frowned. He had to have recognized him, right? Why did Steve care? Tony was self-absorbed, cared about no one other than himself. He had certainly proved that today. Steve really frowned when Tony walked over to Bruce, not even bothering to introduce himself to the man.
The shockwave, and the sound that came with it, was nothing like any of them had felt before. There was a bright flash, the clang of two unbreakable metals clashing, and a force that push Thor back to the ground. Steve stood up, letting his legs understand was standing was again, his arm tingling and vibrating with the hit, and looked at the other two, as they slowly pushed themselves back up to the ground. They all surveyed the forest, and the damage that had been done. The shockwave doing as much damage as Stark and Thor had done on their own.
The explosions should have been tracked, the military should have been able to see them; he had made enough of a ruckus during his escape. Now he had to just keep walking, to make himself visible from the air, to be seen, to-
"What time is it, Jarvis?" Tony asked as he grabbed a rag, wiping his hands off, heading for the exit.
“Tony, we need to get you out of here,” Steve said quietly, and Tony was thankful. “You’re heading is still bleeding, front and back, and you look like death warmed over.”
As the nurse finished with the last piece, Steve came in the room with Meg behind him. He had insisted that she get checked over too, and Tony waved him off to keep an eye on her. Steve closed the door as the nurse left, and Tony leaned back closing his eyes a little, feeling the pain killers start to kick in. Tony could feel the waves of 'Captain America' radiating from the blonde.
Tony looked at him, raising an eyebrow for just a second before his eyes widened. "Shit." He turned and ran back inside, laughter behind him as he tried to get to Peter before he saw Steve with Jamie. "Jarvis, tell Steve to meet me on Mary's floor!" He pulled opened the door to the stairs, seeing Todd walking back from the elevator and knew that it was already moving. He thought that he and Steve would have had time to talk about how to introduce Peter to Jamie before he got there. "Have Wade go see his mom on the Communal floor, but keep Peter on his floor."
"And she's going to let us play video games," Peter piped up with a grin.
"Okay!" The kid took off running for the elevator. Steve motioned to the chairs as he disappeared and Meg moved to sit down, Bucky staying standing.
"Keep going!" He kept his downward movement. His suit would most likely survive, the pilot would not once he hit the ground. He slammed his hand against the chute pack, let out a burst from the repulsor, sparking the mechanism and watched the chute explode and catch air. He let up on the thrust, then turned and headed back towards home, watching the other plane follow it's fellow pilot, knowing he had dropped off radar enough to disappear close to the rocky side of the landscape.
He stopped when he saw a file that had been tried to be redacted, but his bug had copied it first, making a ghost file for Tony. He frowned as he opened it, seeing a lot of medical jargon. Tony didn't think that would be out of the ordinary, there were a lot of SHIELD agents that had been injured during the attack on the Hellicarrier, but this was different, someone was trying to hide this file. It looked like it had been entered into the system for all of three minutes. That was enough time for someone to enter it, print it off to make a manual file, and then remove it from the system. It was considered a Level Seven security clearance.
"And some spots on your neck," Steve informed him. Tony shuddered, closing his eyes. "And your arm...."
"Of course, Sir." Tony smiled a little at Jarvis' voice, and went over, opening the door, catching an arm full of little boy.
Steve leaned down on one knee and motioned the two boys over to him. They shuffled over, trying their hardest to look to look innocent. “We’re not telling Bucky to stop.” They boys let out a sigh of relief. “But, no more fly by night training. If you’re going to do this, we’re going to do it properly. I’m also going to talk to your mom, Wade, because it’ll make me feel better to have permission in person.”
Tony suddenly grabbed Steve's hands. "I'm going to send you to art school, for whatever classes you want. I'll make you a school to teach at, if you want. Make you a studio to work in, and we'll get your stuff into Galleries all over the world. Whatever you want to do, whatever you want to try. You and Meg, cause you're both artistic types. Just, whatever you want to do, so you don't have to keep doing shit like this, and-" Tony stopped as Steve cupped Tony's cheek, pressing against the warm skin.
And then they had a plan. The suit was almost built, almost finished, and he had finished the power up sequence on the shit laptop they had provided them. He double checked the wires to the bomb on the door as Yinsen hooked up the suit pieces to the contraption.
When he walked out he had managed to change into the pants and shirt, and was slipping the black vest on. He looked at Steve and let out a whistle. “Can we just start going out as Avengers in these outfits?”
“Did you even talk to them? Or did you leave them locked away? Maybe they would have held on if you had told them that you were still looking for him, maybe they would have come out.” Peggy let out a sigh that Tony had only heard when she was upset, or disappointed.
"Close it," he said brokenly through the coms. He looked away, then forced himself to look back up as the portal closed. He owed this to Tony, owed it to Peter, and to Mary. He swore he felt it as the portal closed, the air feeling lighter, the sky looking clearer-
"Allow me to vet any future partners. Should I make a questionnaire?"
"Happy Birthday, Daddy!" Peter exclaimed as they walked in, big grin on his face, along with some flour on his cheeks. Tony smiled at him, going over and swinging him up into his arms, dropping kisses all over his face, making Peter giggle.
"After Fury's meeting we can run it," Bruce continued, seeing the fatigue set in on Tony. It was obvious that the man hadn't slept since he woke up for the day of the Expo. "How's Peter?" He asked quietly. Tony gave him a sad smile and Bruce nodded.
Bucky’s back straightened and his eyes darkened a little. Steve smirked slightly. “We are going to destroy them.” Steve whooped and hugged Bucky quickly, and Tony started giggling again.
"Don't say it," he pointed at her, eyes narrowed.
Love you all!!
"Oh yeah, I'm driving with the top down." Kind of a half truth.
"Not my call," Tony said, pulling up a chair to a screen on the other side of Bruce. The Serum that Tony had been working on was pulled up, Bruce having had tests running all night. "Didn't argue with the Soldier who made that call though. I had an armful of baby, and a desperate need to get out of there." He nodded to the screen and directed his next question to Bruce. "Is that part of what they used on the Maximoff kids? Because, I'm finding it hard to believe that Strucker was able to get them abilities like they have, but he couldn't figure out the Serum with all of Howard's notes."
Enjoy this chapter!
“A vacation without the kids. And not somewhere huge and public, private, just us.” Tony’s hand moved up and down Steve’s chest. “Just think about it. Maybe after the boys start school. I’m sure Granma and Granpa Fitzgerald will be more than happy share babysitting duties with the Buckster.”
"He doesn't like her because he thinks that we're going to start ignoring him," Tony gave a parsed down version of their talk. "Whatever you do, do not stop the Art lessons unless it's serious. Like Avengers, or broken bones. He already thinks you're going to stop those."
Steve walked into the pool room as he heard a splash of water. He frowned and looked around, then saw the form in the water, slowly starting to sink down. "Tony!" Steve's eyes widened and he ran for the deep end, diving in immediately. Tony was sinking fast, almost as if something were pulling him down, and Steve coiled his body before releasing, giving his body the extra momentum he needed in the water. Steve could see that Tony's eyes were open, but he didn't seem aware of what was happening. Tony tried to breath, his mouth opening.
“Peter? Wade?” He called out as he pulled himself up, swallowing when his stomach roiled. Definitely a concussion.
The door to the jet opened as the steps were pushed up and secured. Mary's mother, Rachel, stepped out first, followed by William, and Tony started walking forward to greet them. Rachel looked at him, but accepted his offered hand to shake, followed by William.
"I'm told that I can't kill you." But I want to, isn't said. "But that they need you to do something."
Steve fell into a routine of left with the shield, right with the fist, turn and pivot, try to throw Stark off his feet, forcing him to move back. Stark met him blow for blow, until one hit, a little closer to the inside, tripped him up. Steve pressed the advantage, slamming the shield against his wrist. Stark cried out, the scepter falling from his hand, and Steve kicked it, sending it flying out the window. Stark growled, narrowing his eyes at Steve and jumped at Steve.
"Why are you happy about it, Peter?" Steve asked, leaning back a little so Peter could look back and forth between them.
"Alright, after this, I'm putting you on a one week paid vacation,' Tony told him. "I'll call Happy, set it up. This is a long double shift you just pulled, and I know you were looking forward to sleeping in."
Tony grit his jaw and pulled the papers roughly from his hand, opening them. The paper was thick, and Tony was soon able to see that they were photographs. Rage boiled in his blood when he saw that they were of Peter. There were a couple of Tony out with Peter at the zoo from last month, one him holding Peter while he walked away from Mary's door, before he put his hat back on. And there was a picture that Tony knew he had only hung up in his house; Jarvis had caught Tony and Peter in a moment down in the workshop, Dum-E holding onto the fire extinguisher, Butterfingers trying to make a smoothie, and U trying to hand Peter a screwdriver. The boy was grinning at the bots, laughing as Tony put his hands up to stop Dum-E from using the bright red canister, again.
"Nah," Tony shook his head. "You didn't hand them to me, you held them up, and then I reached over to take it. Completely different stuff." Steve wrinkled his brow a little. "Big difference, trust me.
"Tony, you're so sweet," Mary said with a little smile. "It's a very simple recipe, I don't do anything special. All I do is add some vanilla extract, and some oils from orange peels."
"Could be good for you," Rhodey said, pulling out some frozen chicken. "Might help you come to terms with it?" Tony leveled an irritated gaze at him, one that he reserved for people who thoguht he should go to therapy, or rehab. "You can't tell me that everything is normal, now, Tony."
There were sparks and the sound of an explosions behind them, Stane on the war path. The were out the door, Stane getting stuck on the concrete behind them, and they were headed towards the cars. "Get in the car!" She shouted to Pepper. "Get out of here!"
"We've actually spoken." Steve saw the confusion on Tony's face for a second. "A couple of weeks ago." There was the recognition, and a wave of emotions passed through Tony's eyes in the matter of a second. "How are you-"
"What was it like in the Dark Ages, Cap?" Tony smirked, pushing back one of the cars and moving to the next. "Were smoke signals used?"
"Eww!" Peter said as he laughed, kicking his feet in the air. "But they can't eat each other, everyone needs a face!" Peter looked at Mary and Phil. "Mama! Phil! Don't each faces, there are blueberry pancakes instead." No one could resist a giggle at Peter's words.
“Was I not straight forward enough?” Tony smirked at him, pushing his shoulder with his foot. “Go, find us later. I promise, we’re not moving far.” Jamie seemed to make herself comfortable on top of Tony as he spoke.
“If you make it quick,” Bucky told him.
Tony felt like someone had punched him in the gut again, all the air rushing out of his lungs. How could he have forgotten? His body didn't want to follow what his brain was screaming, saying that he need to get more air into his body. Voices were saying something, but it was all fuzzy, like he was underwater. He slipped from seat, but suddenly Natasha was in front of him, hands on his cheeks, and her mouth was moving, but he couldn't make out her words.
"I could always help you," Steve offered and Peter grinned. Tony opened the door a little for Steve, the silent invitation. "Why are you making cupcakes?"
"You weren't walking until you were One, mister," Tony told him, scooting a bit with Peter so Jamie could see him better. She was leaning a bit in Steve's lap, finding Peter fascinating. "She can crawl though, so it shouldn't be too much longer."
As usual not much belongs to me, Marvel and Disney own more, I have creativity with this stuff.
“Hey, babe,” Tony breathed out. “If I didn’t know better, I’d say you were worried,” he said quietly.
"I'm not sure what you were thinking taking the stairs," Steve said from the back of the elevator, making Tony jump. Jamie giggled softly. "Mary lives on the Eighty-Fourth floor."
"You're ruining my image, Tony." Tony grinned when he saw Steve biting his lip to keep from laughing.
He was just all knotted up from not sleeping, and George being a dick, that was all. He knew that Peter would be happy now that Wade was here, so he had that going for him. He was sure that he could get through dinner relatively quietly, since he had already had his birthday pancakes, and the day would end relatively peacefully. He wished that Mary was awake.
Tony hummed as he pulled up the first file. "What is Phase 2?"
“I did!” Steve exclaimed with mischievous grin. “You get the cherry, I get the first taste of cream.” Steve stuck his finger in his mouth, keeping eye contact with Tony, slowly sucking the whip cream from his finger. Tony let out a little growl, leaning forward on the table as he slipped the cherry in his mouth, stem included. He then pulled the stem out, knotted.
Tony nodded. "Where I got the arc reactor," he said, tapping his chest. "Got blown up by one of my own missiles, got my own shrapnel in my chest. I don't know why I got lucky, but there was a man there, Yinsen, he saved my life." Tony let out a breath, focused on Steve's hands. "They wanted me to build a weapon,
Steve kept his eyes on the door where Tony and William had disappeared too. Rachel had gone into Mary's room, talking to her daughter, and Steve stayed out in the hall. He felt a little awkward, but he wanted to make sure that Tony was going to be okay. He also felt a little protective, wanting to keep the grieving mother away from Tony until she could calm down.
"Then I can sleep here," Tony offered.
Peter wasn't crying as loudly now, his sniffles calming down a little. "He was going after Daddy," he said through breaths, his little chest heaving with mostly shock. He was scared. Mary wanted to kill Stane herself. "He said he killed Daddy! Mama!" He started to cry again and she held onto him tightly. There was a low rumble and she looked up, seeing something streak up into the sky.
Steve watched the two move around the kitchen, Tony doing the heavier lifting, and messing with the oven, but peter was grinning the whole time. He was again confused, on how apparently Tony could even cook boxed cupcakes, but Mary said that he and Peter spent a lot of time together. If he spent the night at Tony's often enough, Tony would have to know how to cook something, right?
"Because you can't do violence!" Rachel shouted at him. "Everyone in this house could kick your ass."
"Not to your line, Sir." Oh. "Okay, okay, yeah, put it through, mute my line until we know who it is."
“You’re already strong,” Steve assured him. “But that doesn’t mean that you can’t ask for help, or even for a hug. I do, from Tony. I even cry in front of Tony, too.” Any other time, Steve might not have admitted that to Wade, but he knew that it was something that Wade needed to hear. Judging by the surprised expression he aimed at Steve, he was right. “Yeah, I do it. And he won’t say anything, just give me a hug, try and make me feel better. Sometimes we talk about stuff, cause even I get troubled by stuff. It’s a human thing, but it doesn’t mean we’re weak. Makes us better, because we can try and make things better, to change the bad into good.”
"She remains stable," Jarvis said, if not sounding a little sad. "I have contacted medical professionals that you trust, Sir, and they are on their way. I have a twenty-four hour surveillance on her room, and her vitals sir." Another rectangle appeared, showing Mary's vitals. Tony glanced over to the bedroom door that Mary was behind, and almost jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder. Steve was still standing there looking at him.
“Har har, very funny, Parker.” Tony poked her side and she tried to scoot away from his finger. “Is it my first choice? No, but Steve made comments to our baby boy, and now he’s learning the consequences of said actions, and a vacation with my son is something that really should have happened a while ago.” He caught her eyes. “I mean, when was the last time it happened?” Mary looked at him, blinking, and Tony made a noise. “See, if you have to think about it that long, the answer is either ‘Not at all’, or ‘Too long ago.’”
"Are you still his Handler even if he's part of the Avengers?" Tony turned in his seat to face her. "He's like a free agent now, isn't he? Do I have to start getting managers and agents, non-shield agents?" Mary rolled her eyes at him. "Okay, but seriously, we're the only three here to eat this, and you're making a crap ton of food. Food from my kitchen."
"The couch is a pullout, Tony," she smiled at him, pushing his shoulder lightly, making him get up from the couch. She pulled off the cushions then effortlessly pulled out the mattress, the support bar coming to rest just past the coffee table, the clearance of the pullout not requiring the coffee table to be moved.
"Less likely to get a buzz from the champagne," Tony told her. He let out a little sigh. "It's been a long time since I've even had a buzz, much less get drunk. A hell of a long time."
"But he's not handling it," Mary fired back, turning her head to look at him now. "I already went through this with Steve, I can't watch it happen to Tony, too. He'll never forgive himself if he has an attack when Peter's around."
"Money can buy good music." Steve snorted softly, shaking his head with a smile. "But since they're getting married so quickly, I'll have to work quickly to make a good music list for them."
"As soon as I find out what the plan is, I'll let you know, Tony." Rhodey looked over at the silver suit. "I know that this is taking a lot for you to do."
"I'm not!" Tony frowned and took out a blanket to put it back on the couch, out of spite. "I don't care who knows, I'm an equal opportunist."
“Uh oh,” Meg’s voice sounded as she walked into the living room, putting her own babies in Bucky’s lap. “Here, you can get your baby fix twice as fast now.” She glanced back at Steve. “What did you do?”
Steve tried not to smirk, pulling on his jeans. “And what’s wrong with that? I’ve gotten glowing reports from everyone else about him with the kids.”
"Were the changes made to the Expo?" Steve glanced back up at Tony when he heard his voice again. Tony hummed, nodding a little. "Good, make sure there are buses there to make sure people are safe. Let the hospitals know that the jets are available for fast travel if they need medication or anything." Tony turned, and Steve could see his profile, saw the little frown that marred Tony's face. "I have no intention of leaving this house for the rest of today, or tomorrow. And I'll tell you the same thing I told Bruce and Cap this morning; I don't want a party or any kind of celebration. I'll be having pancakes with my son, and then that's that."
"Well, that makes taking an area in the chest even more worth it," Rachel commented. Tony raised an eyebrow. "Gotta protect the Sisterhood." Tony's expression deadpanned. "Not that it wasn't a worthy cause if it saved your life."
"Can I ask a question? Were you with your husband when he served in the military?" Steve asked her and she blinked. "Were you together when he came home from serving?"
"What are the energy levels now?" Fury asked.
"Yeah," Tony nodded. "It's all cleared with the nurses, and I'm sure you'll behave here just like you do at my place." Wade snuggled into Julie's side, and she kissed the top of his head.
"Be careful the locked doors, and listen to Jarvis." Both boys nodded before Peter grabbed Wade's hand and they were running down the hallway. "We can put Wade's stuff in Peter's room," Tony said, catching Steve's attention. "I'm sure they'll be staying the same room, because those two are attached at the hip, and the elbows, and the shoulders. Sometimes I think they might be the same person sometimes."
The two sat in, not a companionable silence, but it wasn't awkward, until the teachers blew their whistles. All the kids ran back over, the end of recess, and got ready to muddle through the rest of classes. As they marched back inside, Tony stood up from the bench. He gave a little side glance over to Steve, silent for a second.
"Shut up and watch Buffy."
Steve took a second to consider it, letting Tony pull him into the garage. “You may have a valid point.”
“This situation right now is taking a physical toll on me,” Tony growled out. “Give me one good reason not to call back to Steve and have him mobilize the rest of the Avengers.”
"How do you do that? You're like a Tony whisperer," Steve said to Bruce, who just smirked a little.
Steve was sitting on the couch in Mary's apartment now, a book in his hands, peter asleep in his bed. Mary said she was on her way back home, and told Steve not to worry about anything but making sure that Peter was asleep in bed. At the same time that he heard Mary's key jingling in the lock, her tablet on the coffee table lit up. Steve closed his book, frowning, and looked at it as Mary walked in.
"Call me Tony, and yes, it's perfect even." Tony smiled at the woman. "I'm the one who found you, remember? This will be good for the boys, too." Tony looked at Steve now. "I invited them both over, but Mrs Wilson hasn't been able to get a hold of her brother-in-law. I told her that I'd send her with some volunteers and we could watch Wade."
"You should be learning with me, then." Steve managed to get both little feet in, then quickly slid the outfit up her legs before she could wiggle out.
Bruce was running some blood tests, and they both noticed when she made the smallest of whimpers when the needle was used to draw blood. He warned Steve that he wasn't that kind of doctor, and he really didn't know much about kids, but that socialization would probably help.
“You got it from my playlist!” Steve said suddenly, cutting him off. “That’s why I know-“ Tony put his hand over Steve’s mouth, making him laugh. He stuck out his tongue, licking a stripe across Tony’s palm and making him pull it back. “You were humming a pop song!”
"She has cleared the Expo, Sir." Tony let out a breath of relief as he flew for the highest roof he could get to.
“Ha!” William grinned, putting his arm around Rachel’s shoulders. “I’ve learned to never get in the way of either of these women. You’ll learn soon enough, Tony.”
"Well, I was a little worried that she's so quiet, and he thinks that it probably has to do with being kept in the base," Steve told him, one arm secured around the baby girl, who had let go of his fingers to look around as they walked. Tony reached inside the bag that was resting on Steve's hip, grabbing a towel, and wiped his fingers off from slobber.
There was a little bit more silence, before an answer. "Tony??"
"I wish I could have spent more time with you," Tony said, looking down a little. "Wish I would have thought more about it when I announced I was Iron Man, but who knows if it would have made a difference. Every time I did something though, I drew attention to myself, and I ended up hurting you. I couldn't come and see you, had to wait for everything to die down, and I hated that. "You lived with your Mama, and she did all the hard work. Go easy on her as you grow up, she's an amazing person, one of the best friends that I've ever known, and the best mother I've ever seen. "Wish I could have taught your more, held you more, told you I loved you more. I'm still a selfish man, and sometimes I still think of myself. I'm really not a good role model, but I tried to change enough."
"It's just extortion, thank you very much," George said, like he was actually offended. "I don't do blackmail."
"I'm technically on the job, but I'll take a water," Mary chuckled a little, letting Tony move towards the bar faster. Tony barely noticed Coulson intercept Mary as he went up to the bar, placing a drink order. He didn't even notice the blonde come up on the other side.
“It’s alright,” he tried to reassure her. Tony met Steve just inside the living room where the entrance was. “Cap.” Ruby was still out of sight, and Tony kind of hoped she stayed that way.
"This is the third time I've done it, you'd think you'd be used to it," Wade argued, really not doing a great job at keeping the smile off of his face. Steve rubbed his face with his hands.
“I wondered if the rumors were true.” Tony jolted up from his spot, arms going out to cover Vee. The man with the eye-patch walked further into the living room. “Everyone said that the great Tony Stark didn’t have a pokemon companion, but I heard that you have taken over Captain Roger’s role with his Eevee.” Vee let out a warning growl from behind Tony, and the man lifted his hands in surrender. “I worked with your Father, Mr Stark.” Vee growled louder.
"I think that you actually wear boxer briefs," Tony said after a few seconds, not wanting the moment to turn awkward. "That is my final decision. You don't strike me as a boxers guy, at least not in the new century."
"Hey, Tony." She raised a hand in greeting. "Orange slice?" As she said it Wade held up a plate that was sitting on the coffee table with various piece of fruit on it. Tony wasn't convinced that he wasn't dreaming at the moment.
Mary let out a snort, smiling, and biting her lip to keep from laughing. Oh, there was a story there that Tony needed to know immediately.
"So do you!" Peter leaned up to tug on some of Tony's longer hair. He giggled when Tony's eyes widened a little at the sudden action. "The hair's starting to grow over your ears."
“Just because you said that, you get to use your money for allowance with them,” Tony told him as they left the restaurant. He pulled his jacket back on as Steve walked next to him. “I’m going to make sure that they deplete your account first.” Steve rolled his eyes fondly, slipping his arm around Tony’s. Tony side-glanced at Steve, a little smirk lifting at the corner of his lips.
“Stevie, I know you see both of them as yours,” Bucky started with a little bit of softness in his voice, “but you’re not gonna be able to there all the time to protect them. Not unless you start following them every time they leave the damn house, and don’t even think that that’s an option.” Tony let out a puff of breath through his nose. “We all know that they’re gonna do this on their own, since instead of showing up at the hospital every time one of them tries to jump from a roof, how about we get them some decent training and show them the right way of doing things?”
"Ooh," Mary said, making her mouth a little 'o'. "Peter's dad works for Stark Industries, so he would be down there, too. While his boss deals with that, Tony is getting the rest of his project off the ground." She felt a little bad lying to Steve, but she really didn't know how Steve would react to Tony being the same Anthony Stark, and she didn't want Tony or Peter knowing that Steve was Captain America. Steve was doing really well, and he hadn't decided on if he wanted to get back into any kind of field work or not yet. He was going to decide when they got back from Monaco.
"I don't know if you can call it a habit anymore." Pepper took a sip from her own glass, watching him.
"Hey, Rachel," Tony said, taking a seat on the edge of the bed. "Is everything all right? Nothing happened with the boys, did it?"
"I want you to know though, that if you have any questions, you can ask me," Mary told him. "At any time, I don't even care if it's three in the morning. I'm going to help you learn the new tech of this time period, and the new cultural and social norms."
“I bet if he shows any interest in the new movie coming out soon, he’ll want to go to Scotland,” Bruce said to Sam. Tony just smiled. “Tony, we have enough projects together, not including all the solo ones you have, that you don’t need to add another to the list.”
Tony made a pit stop down in his workshop, grabbing one his prototype gauntlets, before heading towards the back of the garage, where Loki supposedly was still being held. He walked in to see Thor standing vigil against the wall, Loki sitting on the cot, legs folded underneath him.
“Yup, time to get some food,” Tony said with a chuckle, heading towards the kitchen. Steve smiled as he watched them walk away, before heading in the direction that Tony had nodded towards.
May 2014
"I'm here, Pep." He pushed up the sleeves of his shirt, and half attempted to push all the papers into one pile on the coffee table. Pepper didn't usually visit on his birthday, mostly because every year she found him drunker than was humanly possible either at home, or at some club, making headlines. This should be a nice surprise for her this year.
He whistled a bit as William walked over to Tony. "Looks like quite the haul," Tony said with a nod to the trunk.
"Well, about half of it," Tony told him. "I don't have the biggest collection, not by far, but I have the most authentic and original one, thanks to Howard." tony put a hand on Peter's head, the little boy leaning against his leg. "The stuff in the middle cases are yours, you can do with them what you want."
Tony's eyes wandered over to the hot rod that he worked on little by little, the one he had been working on before his flight to Afghanistan. "Tell you what, throw a little hot-rod red in there." He finished his glass, pushing back away from the computer desk as Jarvis made the changes.
"Why's that?" Steve wasn't sure if Tony was being serious, or insulting to him.
“And it’s a lot of sugar for her,” Steve told him, eyes narrowing slightly when Wade shuffled forward. “She’ll never go to sleep.”
When Tony made his way back to Steve and Peter he saw that Bruce had found them as well, sitting in a chair, Peter in his lap this time. The boy was looking even more tired and Tony knew that it was time to go home. Tony could deal with the rest at home, when Peter was asleep, tucked away safely in blankets where Tony could see him.
“He is, Sir. Shall I tell him that you’re on your way?”
"Non-lethal," Bucky reminded him. "He confessed to hiring the shooter."
"Next time don't sleep with a Hydra Agent," Bucky fired back. Steve smirked a little; That was his Bucky's wit and fire coming through.
"No," Tony whispered to himself. Howard was facing Peter, Peter who was crying, big tears sliding down his cheeks, holding his hands to his chest. "Get away from him!" The man turned and Tony felt the blood drain from his face. It wasn't Howard. Tony was looking at himself.
"-coma! You said you would protect them!" Tony had the phone sitting on the window sill, eyes closed, wrinkles at the corner of his eyes in what Steve recognized as either a bad headache, or a migraine. Tony must have been in more pain than anyone had thought. "I told her to be careful of you, that you would bring nothing but trouble to them! She defended you over and over-" The woman's voice faded out, the sounds of someone taking the phone away from her. Tony's hand was rubbing at his temple a little, head looking down.
Tony just smiled at him. "But yours are better."
“Not with all the sugar that you’re about to be responsible for pumping into their bodies,” Tony replied with a smile. “The candles are lit, let’s go give our daughter her first birthday cake.” Steve bit his bottom lip, looking down at the Sleeping Beauty themed cake, and walking out to the living room. Bucky was holding onto Jamie, sitting on the floor with Meg’s twins in front of him. Peter and Wade were perched on the couch, each practically hanging over Bucky’s shoulders. Steve smiled at seeing Bucky there this time, and to see the kids so happy.
Rhodey watched him for a few moments, watching as Tony threw himself into this, like he did with most projects, but there was something different about him this time. "You know what the weirdest thing is right now?" Tony hummed, but didn't look over at him. "Is watching you actually act like a Dad, with responsibility, and all that. Have you even had a drink, yet?"
“What the fuck was that, Stark?”
"I'm not even prepared for this, Mary," he turned a deadpan look to her.
"What do you think you're doing here?!" Rachel got closer to George, who was looking a little shocked at this strange woman who came out to yell at him, but didn't stop his stride. "Have you not cause enough trouble?"
"We don't want to intrude," William started, but Tony waved a hand. He started to lead them to the town car that was waiting.
"Oh, hell yeah," Steve nodded. "Yeah, kind of can't be ignored how deep Hydra really was." He kissed the end of Tony's nose. "But, that's not here or now."
"He's tall," Peter whispered to Tony, looking over at Rhodey, who gave him a kind smile.
"He's not wrong about Loki, though." Bruce set the computer back to the search, and walked over to the arc reactor with Tony. "Moment of truth." Bruce tapped the side of Tony's neck and he nodded, grasping the new arc reactor.
“Yes, yes he is.”
"At one year old, I'm not sure if he'll actually-" Mary reached over, putting a finger over Tony's mouth, stopping him.
“To the press release, right,” he nodded a little. Looking over, Steve gave him a smile and went back to following Peter, listening to him go on about whatever Lego set he was currently interested in. “What’s the damage?”
"They found him in the arctic, still in the plane that he crashed, saving the world," Coulson told her, looking through the window. "They started to unthaw him, and then he started actually showing vital signs. The man survived after almost sixty-five years in the ice." Coulson looked at Mary now. "They think that he's going to wake up within the next couple of weeks."
"Uh, hey," he said a little sheepishly, then held up the present. "I know it's not until tomorrow, but I have Peter's birthday present."
"They did, when I was working," Tony said carefully. "They wanted me to make them something, something bad."
"Can't wait," he said, and finding he really meant it. "I'll talk to Pierre and Marcello, and we'll all have a big family dinner."
"NO!" His eyes shot open as he pushed the person that was over him. His chest hurt, he couldn't breathe, but there was light around him. He heard a gasp and he sat up quickly and saw Mary's mother, Rachel, stumbling back, holding onto the edge of the bed, her eyes wide.
"Man, you just keep growing, kid!" Tony blew a raspberry on Peter's cheek before setting him down on his feet. "I swear, you're bigger than last time I saw you."
"No you're not."
"They're using you Steve," Natasha told him as she hit the ground and swung her leg to sweep Meg off of her feet. Meg hit the ground and tucked her legs in to roll backwards. "That's not your best friend anymore, and her past practically started with Hydra."
"Are you trying to tell me that Tony Stark is hacking into your music?" Steve looked up to see Meg's face. "Is he doing it to all Starkphones?"
“I’m getting tired, Mary,” Steve confessed. “I sure would like a break for us.”
"Another Asgardian?" Natasha shouted over the wind. She must not have looked at the reading.
"We had perfected using mirrors and sunlight." Steve grunted as he landed a punch to one of the gunmen.
"Did you have a nightmare about that portal?" William asked and Tony froze a little, shoulders hunching a little. "Was it just the portal? Or were there other things."
Steve heard a movie running from the main living room when he got back up to the Penthouse, and he saw Rachel and William on the couch with Peter in between them. William had glanced over and Steve gave him a little wave as William motioned towards the stairs. Steve jogged up the stairs and took a detour down the hall to the bedrooms, peeking in to see that Jamie was down for her nap, but didn’t see Tony there. He walked down the hall, then paused when he thought he heard the soft sound of a piano. It wasn’t coming from the movie that they were watching downstairs, and it wasn’t coming from the speakers. Steve only knew of one spot that had a piano.
"Agent?" Now Tony was raising his eyebrow. Coulson was with Mary today, and he had sent Natalie to go pick up Bruce. No one knew that Bruce was even coming except for him and Jarvis.
"Yeah, yeah," Tony said with a wave of his hand, the trio stopping by another door. "Get your archer boyfriend out of there."
"Granpa is gonna be with his old friends," Peter said matter-of-factly. "We opened presents there already!" Tony could see Peter's eyes lean over to look at the presents on the floor, then he saw the tree. "Cool! Mama! Look at the tree!"
When they parked, Steve grabbed the bags, making a motion with his head to take the boys up to see Phil. Peter and Wade ran up the stairs, Peter's intent to probably find his grandparents now to ask them to live with them as well. Even after sleeping, Peter hadn't let go of the idea. Tony couldn't say that he was against it, he did have the room still, but if this was something that was going to happen, he really needed to get the Tower back up and renovated. They would start to get crowded, even in the mansion, with at least a dozen people living there full time. If everyone said yes, that was. Something to focus on later.
"I've got a nuke coming in, it's gonna blow in less than a minute." Tony shot up, getting underneath the missile. He hated nukes. "And I know just where to put it." Tony knew what was coming, of course he did, but it didn't make it any easier.
"I talked to your AI," William said after a beat. "Jarvis. He's very insightful." Tony leaned back against the couch, William sat down next to him. "He told me what happened, with that missile, and how your first thoughts were of Peter."
Tony eased the knot of his tie up, paused to take a look in the mirror before pulling it off. “Are you going to go out shopping for me?” The engineer turned his head slightly to see Peter kicking his legs, sitting on the edge of the bed.
"Very new and fledgling," Coulson added.
Tony sat at his table, a glass of champagne in his hand. The staff was cleaning up the room, pulling tablecloths for washing, and folding up the food tables. Everyone else had left, the married couple gone off on their honeymoon, Julie taking both Wade and Peter back to her house for a sleepover, and all the guests off with their leftovers and wedding favors.
"You two should go talk to Fury, tell him and Hill that you're here for Thor and Loki," Natasha said from the front passenger seat. "It'll distract them enough for us to get to Coulson and get him to a Quinjet."
Tony frowned a little at his thoughts. He leaned down and kissed Peter's forehead softly, and got up quietly and gently with Peter still in his arms, taking him to his bedroom. Mary's parents were still around the Tower, not wanting to leave until Mary woke up, and Coulson was there as well, traveling between Tony's floor and Mary's floor. Which to be honest would become Mary and Agent's floor soon if they decided to live together.
Steve grabbed a big towel and put it in his lap and over his legs. "Let's get you sitting up a little more." Tony let his hands move him a little, always keeping his hands in view. "I'm gonna sit you up, leaning against me. Bruce says it'll help with the breathing." Tony moved his eyes around, looking for his other friend, but it was just Tony and Steve now. He moved with Steve's hands, until several minutes later Tony was leaning against Steve, shoulder to chest.
"I actually almost bought it, hook, line, and sinker," she continued, and now Mary was leaning out to get a look at this woman.
"You were gone so long," Peter cried quietly, voice a little muffled into his neck. "You didn't come back."
“No one knows who you are,” Steve stage whispered to him, bumping his arm with his own. “It’s not like we’ve exactly advertised your identity, and you don’t fight with us, so you’re pretty much the best kept secret that we have going for us.” Steve reached up and sunk his fingers against Bucky’s scalp, ruffling his hair a little, before the man pushed the hand away. “Since you’ve started using, whatever Meg buys you for your hair, you look less hobo now.”
"Worry about the bad guys now, I'll-"
"Loud and clear, Captain. Engine three is down, we need Stark to get out there," Coulson said over the coms.
He tried to streamline the suit, the first set of armor being much too bulky, and too vulnerable. He was onto something, but he had been very limited working in that cave. Now he had Jarvis to help him imagine it, to help with the specs and the math. (Even though his math was always right.) And on the side, there was a tab constantly open, looking for the best pancake recipe. He had Jarvis immediately purge all the recipes that used any kind of nuts, in any ingredient. He was going to ask Jarvis to get him a list of all the food in the house as well, and be sure to let Pepper know that no nuts, peanuts, or peanut butter were ever to be allowed in the house again.
“You take on too much.” Mary tugged on his shirt, pulling him back to lay down on the bed. “You need to talk to someone about what happened, soon,” she told him, her tone leaving no room for argument. They both laid there for a couple of moments, before Mary spoke up again. “You never did tell me where Steve was.”
Steve hadn't heard a word of what Fury was saying, he was looking at Stark. Tony wasn't looking at anyone, staring at the floor, at his hands, that even after everything, were still moving. The man was done, but he wasn't out yet. Steve wished he knew what had come over him back in the lab, why he had what he did to Tony. Steve knew that Tony always put Peter first, that he would always protect that boy.
The phone started to ring and Tony kissed the top of Peter's head as he helped put the last dish in the dishwasher. "Stay right here, buddy," Tony said. "I'm just gonna grab the phone, then we can have some ice cream." He smiled at Peter's little cheer and half jogged out to the living room to find the phone. He glanced around, wondering why Jarvis hadn't announced who was calling, and why it was going to the handset anyway.
Tony knew that he wasn't the only one that suffered from nightmares, but it was almost surreal to watch Captain America go through one, to be affected too much. He still had to separate that Steve Rogers, this Captain America, and the Captain America from his childhood, were very much the same man, and yet human all the same. And because of that, Tony knew that he was playing a very dangerous game right now. Falling for Steve Rogers right now, it wasn't right, and he couldn't promise himself that it was happening for all the right reasons, and not just some delayed reaction of hero worship. What person didn't hope that some famous person secretly met them and instantly fell in love?
"As long as you don't put anymore crappy music in that playlist of yours."
"To finish what?" Bruce looked over, eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
"A SHIELD agent," Mary shot back. "Are you okay, though?" She lightly touched the cut that was around his eye. It had been cleaned and was looking much better than before, and they had put a couple of bandages over it too, hiding it a bit better.
"He's going to give me cherries!"
Tony stole another kiss before leaning back a little, pushing himself up to his feet. “I love you, baby, but you’re going to have to get up now. I sent Peter off on a mission, and we shouldn’t keep him waiting.” He extended his arm to Steve to help him up. “You don’t have to let go of the little heartbreaker, but you do have to get up.”
"That's nothing new," Tony said, still making his way towards the building. "His personality is dangerous." Julie hummed with a smile as she nodded, falling into step besides the child-laden man.
"I was sassy in the ice, and you know it," Steve shot back with a grin. Tony made a grumbling noise under his breath, because he was probably right.
"Sir, Captain Rogers is calling."
"I know a God, two actually," Tony said smiling a little.
"I think Wade has a crush on Peter," Steve declared. Tony's nose wiggled a little, and one eye twitched. "You already know that Peter has a crush on him."
“She wasn’t feeling the water today,” Steve told him. “She got the shortest bath ever, and I suddenly remembered what the quickest shower in Army history felt like.”
"Nope, I sure haven't," Tony responded quickly. "I'll be there in blue, and bells. Well, maybe not bells, I don't wanna steal the show."
Meg was closing the front door with her foot when Tony opened the door to her bedroom. "What are you doing?"
“Don’t worry Stark, I’ll try not to hurt your boy,” Bucky said with a shit-eating grin. Tony let out a bark of laughter, startling Jamie a little, but her attention was drawn back to Peter and Wade.
"You recently watched Lord of the Rings with him, didn't you?" Clint accused, setting Peter back down on the ground.
The only thing Might come up later that's related to the movie, that could possibly be considered a "spoiler" is the correlation between Hydra/Winter Soldier, and the car accident that killed Tony's parents. But i think we all knew that already, (it was a couple other movies as well.)
“Damn straight,” Tony said with a nod.
“Is the same power source to your amulet,” Loki said with a wave of his hand to the artifact around his neck. Strange’s eyes widened slightly, then he turned to look at Steve.
“I would, Sir,” the AI responded. “And I find myself agreeing with Captain Rogers.”
“Give it some time,” Tony looked over at him. “I’m sure we can print up a patch or something. We should do that,” he looked at Steve. “Get patches, put them on uniforms. We could get special cards! Then it really is like a secret club!” Tony tapped a hand on the table and nodded. “That’s it, that’s a great idea, Cap.” Steve raised his eyebrows a bit. “I’ll rename the Tower, Avengers Tower, and I’ll make up special cards and the lot. Put the big A on it. Done deal.”
“Did you tell him?” Tony asked as he picked the song back up, and Steve nodded. “I wish he wasn’t so perceptive sometimes. At least he knows, and maybe he won’t worry so much about it.” Steve glanced over at him. “I don’t need to look up to know what kind of look that you’re giving me.”
"I can't ask you to-"
"And where would you put them?" She said crossing her arms. They all knew that they only art that Tony willingly put up in his homes were those done by Peter or Steve.
"Don't bring yourself down," Steve said cutting him off. "It hasn't been that bad, not since things have calmed down."
His screams were no longer silent though when he felt fingers start to peel back the skin around his fingers. “Stop!!” His voice cracked with pain, his body unable to move and thrash. “No! Stop!” Fingers stopped, and he struggled to take even breaths. Tony’s eyes stared up, into space, watching stars and nebulas, sharp and burning pain streaking through his hands. A strangled scream forced itself up his throat when white hot pain suddenly blossomed at the tips of each finger, pins being jabbed in. Brown eyes widened, pupils blowing wide as the view above him started to twist and move, and then he was suddenly moving past stars, other galaxies moving past him, and his own Milky Way Galaxy came closer, before stopping.
"You were raised in front of the cameras." Tony glanced at Mary as she crossed her leg over her knee. "You're a constant for the press, and I think that even if you weren't Iron Man, the cameras would find a reason to take your picture anyway. You keep sleazy reporters, journalist, and paparazzi with a job, and they wouldn't have it any other way. You're not the only one, but you're the most popular at the moment."
"Tony," Mary said softly. "You are-"
"Nope." Tony had one shot at convincing Thor. "I gotta talk to him," he nodded towards the door. "I gotta ask him some questions. I wanna know why he took my son." Thor looked at him with troubled eyes. "I have to know, Thor, he could have ignored him, left him, or something worse." Tony didn't like to think about the other possibilities. "But, he did it for a purpose. I have no weapons, and you put those sparkly handcuffs on him."
"It was for a good cause," Tony parroted. "What about this one?"
Jamie’s face lit up, and she looked up at Steve. “Papa!” Steve leaned down, rubbing his nose against hers, making her giggle and push at his face. “Papa.” Tony snorted, rolling his eyes a little as he watched them.
Unbeta'd, and Marvel owns more of this than I do. Also, all music/movies/tv shows belongs to those that wrote/performed/produced/etc them. I use them for humor and good times.
"This is a collection that I started when I was just a kid, just a little older than you." Peter blinked, adjusting his eyes to the lower level lights that were turning on. He looked around and took in his surroundings, before letting out a little gasp.
<3<3<3<3<3
"Hey, thanks."
"Just saying it how it is," Tony grinned. "What do you think he's going to call you? Papa? Pa? Da? He could always go Italian with it-"
Tony nodded a little. "Yeah, Steve told me that much."
In the kitchen, Steve was sitting across from Julie, three mugs of coffee set out, one waiting for Tony next to Steve. He sat down and glanced between the both of them. "He's been living in New York all this time," Steve told Tony. "Only five miles away from their house." Tony frowned. In the divorce it had been ruled that Colonel Wilson had to move outside of the city that Julie and Wade were living in. It was no secret that he probably had more than one residence, but Tony was more than a little upset to hear how he had been able to hide at least one place from everyone.
"Seems your friends have arrived," Loki said to Thor when they both noticed Tony and Steve running in, looking a little frantic. "Perhaps Stark has changed his mind willingly."
"Less than a week??" Tony turned wide eyes to Mary as she repacked the blanket he pulled out. "Does Peter know yet?"
"I'm sorry, it's who?" He hated when Rhodey got sassy.
"Where was he??" Mary looked at the nearly unthawed body of Steven Rogers, Captain America, still in his World War II suit. There were only little bits of ice, and she was sure that it would only take a couple of more days to disappear.
"But, I'm not gonna have all of your attention," the little boy argued.
“I attempted to disrupt a connection, really a hostile takeover of his mind, and they attempted to pull him back to them,” Strange started to explain. Steve attempted to follow. Having Tony around made it easier for him to start to understand how the updated tech worked, but magic was something, almost, entirely new. Something that his scientific boyfriend refused to put any credence too. “His nightmares are not that at all, but actually his visions are him being used.”
"Because, someone has to teach this little girl the ways of being a badass."
“I could have told you that,” Tony said with a snort. He had started to assemble the sandwiches, cutting crusts off for Peter and Wade. “It told me as much, that it was trying to help.” Loki and Strange watched him intently, waiting for all the information that he had. “It was trying to hide me from the Big Bad. And then when you showed up, it tried to stop you, but that’s because it didn’t know that you were trying to help. I think it was because He was there at the same time.”
"Sir, Ms Mary Parker has arrived," Jarvis said calmly.
Tony stretched and rolled his neck as he went over to the workshop door. Opening it he saw Steve standing there with a plate and a mug in his hands. The mug smelled suspiciously like coffee. "Hey Tony," Steve said with a smile, holding up the items. "I brought you some food, and thought maybe you could use some silent company?"
"You're just short, Mr Tony," Wade said with a cheeky grin. Tony looked down at the boy, then back up with narrowed eyes at the delighted laugh of Wade's mother, Julie, just in front of him.
“Steve?” He spoke to himself, pushing himself to his feet. It was cold, the ground was rocky and uneven.
alarm is going off." She got up from the couch. "Talk it out, because I'm not coming back until you two have come to some kind of agreement. There's already too much tension in this building."
Steve blinked a little, wondering why Tony was telling him this, then he realized that Tony was kind of asking his opinion. "I would say that that's probably not a bad idea," Steve said carefully. "I'm usually not for keeping something from anyone, especially Peter, but he's been through a lot the past few days." Tony nodded a little, his fingers starting to snap in a nervous habit. Steve touched Tony's elbow, and the man stopped snapping and looked at Steve. "Why don't you go in and see him first."
Coulson cleared his throat a little, smoothing his tie down a little. "Sadly, we can't share this information with Peter-"
"So were the grandparents," Coulson told him. "We caught them as they were trying to escape, or rather the Winter Soldier caught them. We can only assume they were going to take the twins to another base. We have them in custody right now."
"She said that you would know what to give a boy as a present." Oh. Oh, Peter's crush was another boy. Now Tony know why Mary was handing this off to him. "She said that you like boys, too."
The sun woke Steve as it hit his face. He turned a little, pressing his face into the pillow he had been using, until the pillow started to move, and something was sliding off of his chest. He opened his eyes only to see that his ‘pillow’ was actually Morgan, and Vee was pawing to climb back up, a little disgruntled. Steve sat up a little, seeing all of Tony’s girls around him in some fashion, and that he had indeed fell asleep on Tony’s couch while they waited for him to get home.
He examined the outfit that Mary had given to him, then looked at the little girl propped up in a sitting position with a pillow behind her. "It's got a lot of ruffles on it," he said, holding up the little blue dress. "Baby clothes didn't have nearly as much going on where I'm from." He sat down on the bed in front of her, and put the dress down in front of her.
"Mute your- What?? You're just gonna pick up on my line??" The woman shouted, voice getting higher pitched. "I'm being chased, and you're just gonna-"
“Mare’s down the hall, second door. It’s open,” Tony informed him. “I have to feed this one lunch, his stomach is going to eat him soon!”
"Would you like some advice?" Natasha asked him suddenly, mercifully cutting off his rambling. "Tony displays classic signs of touch deprivation. Try working with that, little things like touches on the arm, or back, pressing shoulders or knees together. If you're the touchy feely kind of guy that is, I don't know." She shrugged her shoulder, heading up the stairs back to her bedroom, going to check on Clint. "Good luck, Captain."
“We’ve seen you practicing it with Miss Meg,” Wade told him, trying to get him to change his mind. If anything, Wade knew that he was stubborn, and he would get what he wanted if he wanted it badly enough. And he wanted this. He’d be able to protect his Mom, and Peter, and himself with training.
“You said you felt the Universe move once,” Steve started to say, lips moving against his skin. Tony hummed as he nodded. “Do you know-“
"Stark, you know that's a one-way trip." Did Steve sound sad? Probably because of Peter. Tony felt bad that Rogers was going to have to be the one to tell Peter, but there would be no Peter if Tony didn't do this. There was no one else who could do it in less than a minute.
"Captain Rogers," Jarvis called out and Steve opened his eyes again. "Miss Potts is calling for Sir, but I felt that it would be an inopportune time to bother him." Steve smiled a little at the AI. "Would you be willing to take the call?"
"Come on, we gotta go." Tony looked around, maybe there was something that he could put Yinsen on, like a stretcher. "Move for me, come, we got a plan." They had a plan to get out of there. "We're gonna stick to it."
"So, letting her see the real world should be a good way to break that evil shell?" Tony nodded a bit, holding the door open for Steve. "Sounds like a solid plan. She stills seems plenty curious, so that's a good sign." He watched Steve look around the baby store, eyes wide with all the different departments, and the choices within. "We're having a family dinner tonight, so we'll try that as well. You're feeling overwhelmed all of sudden aren't you? Any word on if Natasha would be coming back soon? Is she still looking for our resident archer?"
"What?" William stepped closer to Tony. "But, I thought-"
Once inside the doors, Peter was looking up and around, mouth handing open a little. He had never been inside of a museum, (Tony wanted to make sure that Peter was old enough to remember his first museum visit), and he was absolutely entranced already. Tony guided the little boy towards the spot he wanted to go, and waited for Peter to notice the new banners. It didn't take long.
"Because we haven't cut it yet."
Unbeta'd as usual,a nd Marvel owns more than me.
"Fine by me, but I'm going to defer to your Mom, kay? I'm Peter's parent, not yours, so I don't get overrule those decisions." Tony ruffled Wade's hair a bit. "I got your back though, you and your Mom's."
"Daddy?" Peter called out a little as he got closer to the couch. The TV went on mute and Tony sat up immediately, turning his head to look for the little boy.
July 2014
Tony was rubbing his chest a little when they walked back in, and Jamie started to turn slightly in Steve’s arms. She whined a little and Tony turned a hand to her. Steve sat down on the edge of the bed and Tony motioned for him to bring her closer. Setting Jamie down on the bed, she scooted over to tuck herself into Tony’s side. His arm came up, slowly, to wrap around her, and he turned his head to look at her.
"I remember his eyes, the same kind of slate blue." She looked between the two men who were openly staring at her. "Someone's cart had gotten away from them in the parking lot, and it was kind of icy, so it just kept on rolling. I didn't see it until someone was shouting, and it was about to hit me when he was suddenly there, stopping it." She rubbed her hands together in a nervous habit. "He didn't really say much, just asked if I was okay, and that's when I saw his eyes, then he walked off."
Blue eyes closed, and he took a deep breath. "Not exactly you're assassin anymore." He opened his eyes to see Tony just watching him, expression blank. "It's, really complicated, and I don't know many details, not yet anyway."
"Steve gave me express permission to talk to you like you just some normal middle class working man." Tony gave an offended gasp and she grinned. "See, it works so well."
Tony took a silent breath and grabbed the frosting bags. He felt nothing when that happened. It definitely didn't feel like there might have been actually sparks when their arms had touched. It was just static, static generated by the completely hidden arc reactor. That was it.
Steve looked at Tony, surprised, then glanced back at the Hulk behind him, who was looking at Peter with much curiosity. He wanted to trust that Bruce wouldn't let Hulk do anything to hurt Peter, but he didn't know how much control Bruce really had over him. He changed on his own, sure, but he was sure that the Hulk wanted to break out anyway.
"I'm not worried about Agent or Mary getting dressed on time, but I feel that I must ask about my wayward son, and his best friend." Tony groaned when Pepper just smiled at him. "Where are they?"
"Nope," she said with a big pop of her lips at the end. "All homework is done, they've eaten dinner, and now I have them engaged in an epic Mario Kart battle. Even if we are still trapped inside the building"
Vee was sitting on Arc’s nose, happily trilling at the both of them.
"The man that attacked me, I thought I saw metal," Tony told him. "I wasn't sure exactly what I was seeing at first, but there was metal around his whole arm. I thought it was part of his armor, but no, he had a metal arm." He looked at Steve, eyes hard, underlying with a bit of worry. "I don't know what his MO is now, and that worries me."
He reached out for the door handle, there was someone important inside the car, someone he needed to keep safe. When the door opened, Tony stopped. There was no one inside. He straightened back up and turned around just as a sharp pain erupted in his chest. Tony gasped and his hands flew up to press at the pain source, face crumpling when he pulled back his hands to see them covered in red. Looking down at his shirt, it was quickly stained with blood.
"He knew what he was getting into when he agreed to this," Meg protested. "He looked up the reviews."
“I’ll work on a spell that might be able to shield him. At least until you can find the scepter.” Strange turned to leave the room, and Steve turned to follow him right away, vaguely aware of Loki following him as well.
"Makes your job a lot easier," Tony commented. He finished his glass and set it down on the table.
But then I remind you all that I'm evil. But, more Bucky! And Peter and Wade! I am slowly, slowly, starting to give Tony space to breath. And eventually we'll leave the month of May..... May usually seems like a busy time in this series.
Tony's mouth dropped a little, and he turned his head to look at Steve who just shrugged. He let out a huff of breath as Jarvis pinged the tablet in the lab. "Sir, I've broken through another encryption. This file seems to be of a relatable importance." Tony let go of Steve's hand to walk over and pick up the Starkpad.
Vanko pulled Tony closer with the whips, laughing through the suit. "You were right before, double cycle, more power." Tony grit his teeth as a wave of pain coursed through his body, this one was from the palladium. "Now, true Stark name will be shown."
The skin was cold, but he desperately searched for a pulse. And then Steve's hand shot up and grabbed his arm. "You could've saved us." He was dying, Steve was dying in front of him, and it was his fault. Steve couldn't breathe, he was covered in blood, and it pained him just to get the words out. Tony was unable to look away as those once bright blue eyes faded, the spark dying. "
"Why is that the first question you ask?" Steve looked at him then turned back to the food. In non-combat and mission situations, his face projected his emotions for everyone to see. "I feel like that's something I should be asking you."
"Happy Birfday, Daddy!" Tony shot up from the couch when he saw Mary walked in, Peter on her hip, the little boy grinning. Tony practically ran over, scooping up Peter from Mary's arms, Peter giggling, and started tickling his sides, dropping little kisses all over his face. "Daddy!"
"The sunrise is beautiful," she commented, and Tony snorted a little.
"Did you?" His little voice asked.
"You want the man who won't come within three feet of a baby, to babysit?" She asked, raising an eyebrow.
“This is huge, Tony,” Steve said as he walked in, looking left then right. “It looks like an apartment.”
"You're assuming this super soldier got sleep last night," Steve said, his eyes closed in the chair.
"Daddy would be Han Solo!" Peter rolled across the mattress. "The coolest space outlaw around!"
Tony didn't think that he had gained this much upwards motion on the hill he was currently climbing to excuse the amount he had just fallen back with all this news.
"Only if you do the same in my room," Steve countered, and Tony threw on a cocky smile.
"You're getting married?" Peter asked.
"Yes!" Peter screamed with laughter, trying to get away from Tony's hands. "The sun is up! Present time!"
"Jarvis, put everything we've got into the thrusters!" Tony ordered, standing up.
"It has been too long since I've seen her," Rachel threw in.
.' Tony moved Steve's hands to his hips before doing it himself. '
Tony snorted and shook his head. “Two reason why that didn’t happen. That would have been a bigger story than me playing with a light saber. And, I’m getting used to this whole commitment thing as is, like, just being someone’s boyfriend, and raising kids at the same time. That’s huge, so, marriage feels like a whole ‘nother big step that doesn’t fall in step with Tony Stark. Not yet, anyway.” Tony opened his eyes when something hit his nose, and he saw Jamie smiling, holding onto one of her shoes. “You are a foot ninja! She’s obsessed with feet,” he added looking over at Pepper. “She’s going to be walking any day now, I swear, just because she’ll want to know everything her feet can do.”
There was a cot against the wall, and he had even put a couple of books in there. Thor said he was waiting to gather the energy needed to go back to Asgard, or some such medieval thing, Tony wasn't exactly sure. All Tony had heard was that Loki might be staying there for a little bit, and even Tony wasn't cruel enough to not give someone something to do.
"Yes," Tony answered automatically. "Please, just, please be careful with what you ask." Tony wanted to control this as best he could.
"Thank you very kindly, for helping Sir." The tablet screen went dark and Steve felt kind of lost.
"He crumbles like a badly built card house in a hurricane," Tony retaliated, and Meg laughed.
Hi!! Okay, first, a very huge, very warm, Thank You to everyone! It's been rough, but things are starting to look up. Adulting sucks sometimes, but you all have been so very patient, and your kind words have meant so much! Small update: My mom is kicking butt in Physical Therapy. Her surgeon had said that she'd never walk again, but she's proving him wrong by getting a recommendation for a prosthetic. She's beating the odds and getting better step by step. Now we're just addressing issues that have to do with her finances, and finding places to live, for her, and myself. (Down below I've posted a picture I sneaked while she was working in therapy.)
There was a beat of silence, Steve and Tony looking at Fury to explain. "Because of him." Fury pointed over at Thor, who looked stunned, muttering out a shocked 'What?'
“Sir, I’d like to inform you that the delivery you requested last night is inside the suite,” Jarvis told him as he was fitting Jamie against his chest. Tony grabbed his phone and grinned.
“You were able to glean all of this, but were too weak to fight your way back?” Loki almost scoffed.
“Welcome back to real time.”
Steve opened the door and the two men looked at each other for a moment, before Steve moved to let the shorter man in. "You must be-"
“What about before he took the shield back up?” Tony pushed himself up on his elbows. “My impression was that he wasn’t doing that much while he tried to figure out what he wanted to do.”
"It is currently 6:27 in the morning," Jarvis supplied for them.
"Is this Mary?" Tony's head whipped around and he saw Bruce holding up a picture. It was a picture of the three of them on the roof on the Fourth of July, fireworks behind them. "Cause, if this isn't settled down, then apparently I have the wrong idea."
Tony put his hands up, the reporters going quiet a little, then he gestured to another woman towards the middle. "Mrs Tate, right?" She nodded. "Indulge me, do you have kids?"
"I'll get you some maraschino cherries," Steve said, leaning by the bathroom door. Tony raised an eyebrow at him, but he just smiled, holding up a hand for him to wait.
Tony had managed to avoid actually having a conversation with Steve until dinner time. He wasn't looking forward to telling him that Loki was the reason that he had had a nightmare, and yet that Loki hadn't broken free and Thor had offered little to no explanation about how it had happened. Seems he couldn't put it off any longer as Steve cornered him in the hallway past the kitchen.
"I'm gonna go change my clothes," Tony said, trying to get his shirt off without getting dirtier. "And maybe take a shower.... or three."
“Yeah, but you’re still too young to be saying what Tony says,” Julie said, shooting Tony a meaningful look. “It was probably called for.”
“At Tower?” Tony asked and he felt Steve nod. “Shit,” he breathed out. “Don’t move so fast.”
"Consider it done," Tony told them, waving his hand a bit. "Get everything scheduled, don't worry about what it would cost, just send me the bills. Jarvis can help get everything set up tonight, or tomorrow, if you want, and I've already got-" Tony stopped when William put his hand over Tony's mouth.
Go forth, and be fluffed! For the fluff endeth next chapter. :'(
“I wish I had never said any of that,” he muttered. “I feel like such a clod.”
“Yeah, I kinda did, too,” Tony agreed with a nod. “Papa,” Tony ignored the look that Pepper gave him, “has never seen this place, so we have to show him all the cool stuff.”
"I have so many expectations for this relationship."
Steve eyed Tony the next morning, seeing his clothes laid out on the bed again when he got out of the bathroom. Tony was grinning, Peter in front of him rocking back and forth on his feet. “You love us, you can’t deny this,” Tony started and Steve narrowed his eyes a little at him, but Tony only grinned wider.
"He's using a Starkphone, and I'm collecting data on it," Tony said, like it was the most obvious thing in the world. "He just accessed the music player,... Hang on, if he insists on listening to this stuff...." Tony trailed off, opening his own music files and slipping a few songs into Steve's playlist, letting the song from his sons current favorite movie play first. "I will get him to listen to good music, even if I have to slowly replace every song."
"Bruce," he said quietly, then looks at the other scientist. It's exactly what he thinks it is. "There's no way they have their hands on this, I made sure this was locked up, destroyed to anyone but you or me."
Steve kissed the side of his neck, but didn't say anything. He slowly turned Tony around so they were facing each other now. Tony brought Steve's hands to his chest, resting just above the arc reactor. "I can't sleep, Steve, but I wish I could. And it's getting real tiring of saying I can't sleep. I'm done with nightmares, and I wish there was an easy fix." Tony's vision wobbled, tears filling up. "I want to sleep, preferably next to you, and close my eyes when it's dark, then open them when it's light out again. Peter's done with school, and the damn perceptive kid is gonna notice if I'm collapsing from exhaustion in the middle of the day. He asked me what I wanted to do for my birthday, today. I don't know how I forced myself to give him an answer that wasn't, 'Drown myself in a couple dozen bottles.'"
"That was a little different." Tony raised an eyebrow at her. "I didn't have a choice, I needed the pay raise." Tony opened his mouth but Mary put a finger to his lips. "You know that I wouldn't have just accepted your money."
She was being very specific to not say something. Tony didn't like that. Star Spangled Man, that was obviously Steve. "Is Steve in trouble?" Was she being very obvious with the songs?
"You see, Todd, Mr Stark has taken on the mantle of fatherhood again." Mary leaned on the desk, smiling at the guard. She enjoyed the man because he always greeted Peter, and watched out for him and Wade when they were playing the Tower. "He's the proud father of a second child, a little girl."
“Oh, uh, still non-lethal. Um, just, incapacitate him.” She looked at Steve and Tony. Tony shrugged but nodded a little. Tony pulled out his phone with one hand, tapping something out. “We’re trying to keep Julie and Wade safe.”
“Eevee,” said softly as she delicately jumped from Pepper’s lap.
"He'll pop up like a puppy," William nodded. "Rachel went to go get Mary and Julie anyway, so I'm sure Wade will be in search of his best friend."
“No need to worry, bud,” Tony said, taking care not to slur his words. “Pops is out there, so we’ll be safe.” Tony could hear the tell tale clang of the shield outside the car. Jarvis would have alerted the others in the Tower by now, and he thought they could use the backup when he saw the crowd of yellow AIM suits gathering outside the SUV. He was out for the count as Iron Man.
"-Daddy said that he could do it. Miss Pepper wasn't happy, but she wasn't mad at him." Mary pushed the door open, ruffling the little boys hair and they disappeared inside. Knowing that it would only be a few minutes until Mary came over, Steve grabbed his shoes, and the keychain that had the keys to this apartment on them. He had changed into a plain white t-shirt, underneath a blue sweater, the sleeves pushed up, but he had kept his khaki pants on. Steve decided that still going over there would still be a good idea, besides if he was going to be spending time with Mary, it wouldn't be a bad idea to meet her son. Steve had always had an affinity for children, hoping to have some when he was older.
"Sometimes I still call Howard Dad, it's okay," Tony said, a little smirk on his face.
Bucky growled and took a stepped after her, but stopped when he saw Peter and Wade walking over to him. She was right, he needed to get them back to the Tower. There was no telling how many eyes were watching them now, not if the woman that Tony had his systems searching for was able to waltz within ten feet of his son. Tony’s theory was confirmed about her knowing Wade’s father though, and that didn’t sit well with him.
Steve Rogers' eyes studied the ID, flicking back and forth between Mary and the badge in his hand, before eventually handing it back to her. She suddenly saw a sadness in his eyes, along with confusion. "I'm sorry about that room back there, but they thought it might be easier to ease you into what happened.."
Steve put his other hand on Tony's back, rubbing small circles, helping him calm down. The wheezes were quieting down, slowing down, Tony's breathing evening out slowly. "That's it," Steve soothed quietly. "Almost there."
"Why are you suddenly on Team Steve?" Tony looked at her and frowned.
"Dean has longer eyelashes than Mary. I wouldn't say that that's dashing." He chuckled at Tony's pout. "Don't worry, he fills out later. I saw pictures of the current season, and he looks nothing like that now."
"It's Howard's," he said and left the kitchen. He couldn't help but peek in Steve's room to see if Jamie was still sleeping before moving down the hall to the guest room.
They commenced a staring contest that lasted for several minutes, until a sound of pain came from Steve on the bed. Tony pushed back on Loki's arms, and the taller man let him go, taking several steps back. Loki frowned then disappeared with a shimmer, and the temperature started to rise back to normally nearly immediately. Tony frowned, then hurried over to Steve, pushing his face as close to Steve's face as he dare, but not touching him yet. He had to slowly bring Steve back to at least semi-consciousness, out of the panic attack, then it would be safe enough to touch him.
"You have potential!" The woman said.
"Want something catchy for the headlines? Call us the Avengers," Tony said.
“I can not let you make that claim,” Tony told him. He motioned towards Steve, and pulled him down by his tee, giving him a kiss. He tugged a little on Steve’s bottom lip with his teeth and smiled. “Alright Soldier, get-“
Tony was rubbing the spot between his nose, closing his eyes for a second, before continuing. "He was following Steve, and Steve's friend, and then still attacked me. What's to say that he's not following my son, or my son's friend? Or following Pepper, or Rhodey? Just waiting to try and draw me out? And you think that it's smart to just tell me to stay indoors?!"
"Ah, no, I don't have too, I mean," Tony started to ramble, taking a step back. "You probably knew him better, I mean, he had your cards. I'm just the one that brings the doctors and makes sure that everyone gets better, saving the world and all that-"
"And look where its gotten me, again." Tony wrinkled his nose a little. "It's going to be hard to get to see Peter, and I can't stand when that happens. I asked Pepper to be CEO so I could focus on the important things in my life, to make time to be a better Dad, and somehow I managed to draw even more attention to myself."
"Well, like, that assassin from almost two weeks ago now," Tony prompted. "Haven't seen hide nor hair of him since then. If he really was tasked to kill me, then why stop?" Steve hummed in thought, nodding his head a little bit. "There have been plenty of other times to get me, and he's obviously did his homework if he figured out a way to get inside and shut down Jarvis, even if it was for a couple of minutes." Tony's fingers started to play with the bottom of his jeans. "And that group, with the disruptor, something just seems off about that whole thing." And whatever Loki's scepter did to me, he thought to himself. "I don't like when things don't make sense."
Wade leaned against Steve’s side, and Julie was back to talking at normal levels, but Steve could hear Todd inside trying to calm her down. Bucky had mentioned that she was upset with the school, and he would leave Tony to deal with that as well. Wade didn’t say anything for a while, just leaning again the Super Soldier. “What’s gonna happen?” Wade nearly whispered, Steve’s enhanced hearing just picking it up.
' he mouthed to her. The song skipped a bit to what Mary assumed was the chorus.
"No." He shook his head and held onto Tony tighter. "I'm not gonna let him hurt you." If Tony didn't have a bullet in his arm, he would have laughed at the glare that Peter sent towards the mystery man. "Don't hurt him."
I have an incredible wealth of knowledge about the MCU, specifically, and I'm a person who really gets into the character study of recurring movies characters, (such as the MCU and Tony and Steve and Bucky), and fortunately for me (unfortunately for you guys), I have some amazing angsty Tumblr posts that reaffirm everything I've been applying to characters. What this means is, I'm going to have to put in more domestic chapters for you guys to make up for what happen in later chapters...... :D
"We're still a couple hours out from the Tower, why don't you try and get some sleep," Steve suggested. "I'm not going anywhere, and you like to use my side as a pillow"
“All yours,” Tony whispered. Tony’s brain was unable to process words past that, Steve finally moving the way he wanted, needed, their bodies pressed together, touching as much skin as they could. The only thing he need was Steve, the bedroom falling away from his sight. There it was again, everything, the Universe, around him and Steve.
"Do better," Fury told her.
“Yeah,” Peter nodded. “We gotta watch the last Star Wars movie tonight,” he reminded him. Steve moved the menu so Peter could look at it, too.
“Only time will tell. Do tell Margrit, and Sergeant Barnes that I said hello.” The call disconnected and Steve had to fight not to slam his fist down on the device. He looked back up at the screens and saw Hilda putting Wade in the backseat of a car, then actually making eye contact with the camera.
Tony whined a bit. "But that would mean leaving Malibu, and cold weather is coming."
Tony hummed a little, waking up to a soft sensation against his cheek. It felt nice, and the repetition of the motion almost put him back to sleep. He opened one eye just a crack and saw the shadow of the thing that was causing the feeling on his face. Opening his other eye, just a little more, he saw that the object was Jamie’s hand petting his cheek. Her face lit up when she saw that he was awake and she made a soft cooing sound.
“I’m afraid that he’s in some sort of denial,” Steve said gravely. “There’s nothing more I can do. But, I still accept him as he is.”
"This isn't our first rodeo, Captain," Clint said with a small smirk. "You just worry about Fury and Hill, and getting Loki and Thor to the hangar. We'll need ten minutes."
He could never really give up alcohol, not completely, but when Peter was around it was easier to forget how much (he thought) he craved it. It was hard to wipe out nearly Twenty years of habit, always being able to reach for a glass, have a drink or ten when he didn't want to think about something. Tony remembered, nearly a year ago, when Tony had brought Steve to his father's office at the mansion, how he wanted that drink even then, how he had been so close to taking a drink. And later when Steve told him, had firmly believed, that Tony would have started drinking again if he really had no control. How flying through a wormhole would have been the one thing to make him do it. Tony wished that had been true.
Steve sucked in his own gulp of air as he broke the surface, and then there were hands reaching for him and Tony. Looking over, he saw Bruce and William at the edge, arms extended, and he started to move as fast as he could closer. He made sure to hand over Tony first to them.
“Don’t think I’m going to give you any slack because my awesome niece just took her first steps,” Rhodey said with a smirk. “If anything, it proves that she was waiting for me to show up, to show off.”
"If I can go like, two years, without having someone make that joke to me, it'll be amazing."
"I'm moving Tony," Mary said with a little sigh. "It wasn't my first choice, but I kind of have to do it when I get the orders from higher up."
"Not really?" Steve wrinkled his nose a little. "There was always something to do, another mission, another task, no real break. That's war. But here, it's not as urgent sometimes. Then there was this past summer, and it all ramped up, and then... nothing."
"Chlorophyll?" Bruce asked automatically, and Tony nodded.
"I think you just leave," Steve said to him.
