“Hello I’m Doctor Watson, I’m your therapist.” John smiled brightly at Dean and received a furious glare in return.
“Fine, I’ll take you to him!” The demon squealed. Chris shoved him away, taking pleasure in the way he cowered on the floor.
“Plenty of porn movies do too” Cas managed to keep his voice completely deadpan, Dean however started coughing and spluttering. “You just choke on your beer?”
“I wish I was but its true.” he shrugged. “He actually said it, just say the words ‘pizza man’ to him, that angel will blush like the sun rising.”Chris got out the car, Sam did likewise he couldn’t shake the guilty feeling, “are you sure you don’t want to stay here tonight at least. I’m sure Cas will be back soon.”
“Sensors are picking up an unknown vessel at least I think it’s a vessel. it’s quite small could be an escape pod”
“Well that settles it Jack stays here, it’s safer. As for Gabriel, we don’t have time to worry about him. Why the Cathedral? Why there?”
“I know Sammy, I’m not taking things seriously enough for you, but the whole things damned weird. I think he’s piling all his crap into saving this girl, like that will make things right or something.”
“UHH Cas maybe we should just go, I don’t think this nice lady is up for a visit.” Dean held up his hands and gave the wizened old lady his best little boy smile. “Sorry to have disturbed you ma’am.” he started to back away. Asasa tilted her head on one side and banged the staff on the floor.  All three found themselves rooted to the spot.
“Are you sure this is the place Cas?. It looks deserted” Dean looked dubiously at the rotting mansion with its pillared front. Cas leaned over the impala’s back seat. Dean was feeling happier now, Cas had re-donned his usual apparel. Seeing his angel wearing anything other than a trench coat was unsettling-not that he would ever admit that to anyone.
“Okay, but right now you sound like a teenage girl who has been given a curfew, so c’mon Tailor Swift what is your problem.” Once Cas would have looked confused at that reference, now he clearly understood what it implied. Light flared in his eyes and his mouth became a thin hard line. Dean was suddenly reminded that his friend was in fact a powerful celestial being and currently not a very stable one. He backed off another step raising his hands. “look man, I’m sorry, that was uncalled for. You are clearly going through something, whatever it is I’m sure we can work it out.” No response, but the light faded from his eyes.
“I will look after myself and if there is any justice in the world I will see you again.” Fiona was smiling though tears were dripping down her cheeks. Cas reached over and squeezed her shoulder as a shiver wandered up his spin telling him a reaper was in the room. “I love you davy, but get you gone now”
Cas missed sleep, odd how the thing he had found hardest to deal with when he was human, was the one thing he missed the most. At the bunker he used to listen in on Sam and Dean’s dreams, sooth away their nightmares. At least he had until Dean had mentioned how often Cas was a bit player in his night time imaginings, especially that one reoccurring dream neither of them would ever discuss. So he had withdrawn and spent the night hours distracting himself from loneliness by any means necessary. But now with Chris curled in his arms, he wished for sleep, he hungered for it. Just to rest with perfect trust in the arms of his beloved, not his only beloved he had to admit that, but the one who could accept what he had to give without injury. It was no good, he slipped out of bed, pulled on pants and padded silently down the hall.
“Well that’s not surprising, you took quite the crack on the heid, Castiel,” She handed him the mug again and watched as he sipped. “You’re in Applecross.”
“I’m not just going to die Sam, I’m going to burn. I’ll burn for days, I can’t be near any of you when that happens.” Both Dean and Sam looked appalled, Cas stood up and took her by the shoulders.
“Chris, are you sure?” he stood up and held out his hand, she took it begrudgingly and let him pull her upright.
“You need to sleep” no argument from her this time, gently he laid her down and wiped her eyes. She smiled up at him, he kissed her. Intending for it to be a swift goodnight gesture, but the softness of those lips caught him off-guard and he allowed himself to kiss her harder. When he pulled away Chris moaned in disappointment and caught hold of his tie.“Are you sure?, you should rest”
“The scream, you must of heard it” Chris looked round blinking her vision was starting to blur and darken, irresistible tiredness poured over her like a wave. She had one last glimpse of Cas staring at her in horror before, she was somewhere else, some place bad.
“No, Cas you didn’t” Dean ran trembling fingers along the stubbly jaw, Cas stayed very still eyes wide waiting for him to speak. “I’ve been an idiot, that’s all”
“Yeah but c’mon man, you had just rescued her, she’s hot and grateful and your kind of handsome” Dean leaned forward, he was enjoying this and Cas had that ‘rabbit caught in the headlights’ look about him. “You are seriously telling me that you spent 24 hours together and nothing happened?”
“I’m never going to be ready, but there is nothing else to try is there?” He heard the bitterness in his own voice. Dean heard it too, judging by the way he huffed and turned Cas round to face him.
“I’m sorry that was inappropriate” he stood up and walked away, “you should rest, I’ll go and get food” the door banged behind him.
“You’re right and she will never forgive me, but she will be alive.” Dean looked sceptical, Cas paused for a second before adding. “There is no other way, the last time this happened the nephilim was the child of an ordinary angel, Chris is the daughter of an archangel. There may be no safe distance.”
“Dean, if Worf had not intervened that is where you would be. You are confined to quarters except for our sessions, do you understand?”
“Hello, son” Cas stopped and let out a groan. “Whats the matter, not pleased to see the old man?” Chuck was stood behind him, eating frozen yogurt from a large tub, he held out the spoon to Cas smiling. “you want some?, it’s banana and chocolate” Cas knocked the spoon away and took a step forward.
“Then I haven’t seen it.” Castiel smiled at him, a small half smile that tugged his mouth to one side. Despite his drunken confused state, that smile made Dean’s breath catch in his throat. Embarrassed, he looked down at his hands, hoping the doctor wouldn’t notice his flaming red cheeks.
“put it on speaker we might hear something, tell us what’s going on” Dean nodded and tapped the screen. They listened intently,
“I can’t lose her, I just can’t, please Dean.” Cas was aware he was begging, he stood up straight and looked Dean in the eye. “I love her,” His throat went dry as he said it and the pain in Dean’s eyes made the semi-permanent ache in his chest flare.
“The wrongness” Dean’s expression pleaded with him to agree. Cas took a deep breath, he was appalled he had never got a diagnosis this wrong before. He wondered if John knew the extent of their patient’s psychosis.
It was some kind of abandoned mansion, all peeling paint and faded gaudy décor, speaking of more money than taste. She was marched up a grand staircase to a large room decorated with floor to ceiling mirrors, every one was cracked reflecting the candle light in crazy ways. Until this point Chris had forgotten she only had a ratty old blanket wrapped round herself for modesty, she became aware of just how utterly filthy she was. Her nails crusted and broken, her feet and hands black. The Thing on the throne at the centre of the room however was blindingly white. His hair and beard immaculately groomed, he smiled at her pleasantly.
“That’s right flyboy. After Michael killed my boys, when I realised what our Daddy was up to I took my grand-babies and I hid them, I kept them safe from the flood watched over them and their children and so on down all the long years. Once I had a tribe of kin, now I only have Christine, my last baby girl.”
“Hey Doc” He heard Sam say, before a pair of blue eyes attached to possibly the most handsome, no beautiful face Dean had ever seen slid into view above him.
It a while before Sam rejoined his brother in the kitchen. Cas was sat the table, staring into nothing. Dean beckoned him over to the other end of the room. “Hows he doing? Sam asked, looking at Cas’ dejected form.
“Thank you, but some things they don’t heal, they just fester.”Cas was surprised by the vehemence of his own tone. Chris squeezed his hand briefly.
“May I be so bold as to ask what the job is?” That nasty wheedling tone again, it set Chris’ teeth on edge.
“Sam suggested it, he said it would go better with the bike.If you don’t like it I could change.” Cas couldn’t look at her, he was starting to feel helplessly confused. She lifted his chin and Cas saw the smile on her face.
There was a sound that wasn’t a sound, like reality popping and Davy was with them. Standing on the charcoal star, his clothes dripping water, face ravaged by the sea and the creatures that had feasted on him. Fiona made a small sound half sob, half repressed scream.
“Merry Christmas, Castiel” She kissed his cheek, butterfly soft against his skin. “It’s Christmas morning”
“Yes Dean, I still have a career.” Sam said sharply, Dean was hurt, it must have shown on his face because Sam’s expression softened. “Are you going to be alright?”
he wondered in the privacy of his head. The thing on the screen was weird, a small blue, seemingly wooden box.
“He drowned, the fishing boat he was on capsized. Lost all hands” that explained the smell then and the faint roaring of waves echoing in Cas’ ears.
“I’m fine Geordi”  Lies, he admitted to himself. Geordi tipped his head and looked at him, even now Dean found the visor a little off putting.
He came back to himself slowly, Chris was curled tightly against his chest his name escaped her lips it sounded like a half sob. He stroked her hair.
“I’m sorry Fiona” Davy muttered, his form wavered and the guise of the grave dropped away, revealing the sturdy, red cheeked man from the photograph on the mantelpiece.
“Yes Sam, I am drinking. I have nothing better to do, I’m stuck in these four walls, until they decide what to do with me.” he finished the glass, putting it down on the table with a clunk. “I am at the mercy of others” He spread his hands wide, bowed to Sam then sat back down heavily. He thought about pouring another drink, but decided to cut out the middleman and instead, swigged straight from the bottle. “tell your pal Sanchez to hurry up next time, I had to wait an age for him to walk me home.”
“Yes it will hurt me, but I will not lose you.” not like I have already lost Dean, the thought froze him to the core.
“What kind of life can he offer her really?”Dean squeezed his hands together, and sighed. “Its not like they can live happily ever after, no kids, no growing old together. We’ve seen how this story ends, remember Kelly Kline?”Dean looked at his brother. “And yes, I still have a bad feeling.”
“Dean, get the hell away from my warp engines,” and he went not gracefully and not without tapping the console lightly and whispering “see you later, Baby” to the ship, but still grateful to get out of there. He headed for ten forward in need of a drink, but willing to put up with synthehol for now. The place wasn’t crowded for once, one of the ships bands was playing Beatles music in the corner. He would have preferred Led Zeppelin, at least it wasn’t jazz. He ordered a beer at the bar and let himself start to unwind. He caught himself crooning along to the music “hey Jude, don’t make it bad, take a sad song and make it better”. He was well into his third synth-ale by the time his brother arrived from his shift on the bridge.
“Dude have you been lying there all afternoon”. His brother pulled a disgusted face at him, Dean just smirked at him and raised his glass.
John walked into sickbay and found the place buzzing with activity. Doctor Crusher was working on an unconscious blonde woman he didn’t recognise, while the Captain and Worf stood close by sharing worried looks. Beverly looked up and saw him loitering. “Doctor Watson, I need your assistance!” he ran over catching the medical tricorder she tossed to him.
“Only if you let them blue eyes.” she tossed her bourbon down her throat and stood up. “Give me your phone.”
“I don’t know if I remember everything, it took a while to come back. But I know you blue eyes, better than I know my closest kin” She stroked his cheek, he half smiled at that. She hugged him fiercely while he wept into her hair, her own tears trickling on to his skin. “I’m so sorry you had to do those things, I’m so sorry. It’s ok now.” After a while Cas pulled away, though he kept his hands firmly on her hips.
“Because I was in her head Sam and she told me. I had to use possession to wake her up.” Sam looked appalled at that, Cas remembered Sam had been possessed by Gadreel without his permission. “She called to me Sam, she asked me for help. I didn’t know what else to do.” Cas let out a bitter laugh “and now I can’t stop thinking about her.” Sam sighed.
Cas didn’t know what he had been expecting, but it wasn’t this bright and airy room or the sound of people laughing. Chris was stood a few feet away, her back to him watching a young dark haired couple play with their children. She stood stock still, fists clenched. Cas could see she was trembling, he moved quietly and touched her shoulder. She flinched but didn’t turn round “Chris, it’s Castiel. I’ve come to get you out.”
“It doesn’t feel like that, I killed so many.” he held out his hands as if he could still see the blood. Chris covered his hands with hers.
“How did you find me, sweet thing.” bravado, Chris was grudgingly impressed, even when staring defeat in the face Asmodeus wasn’t giving up.  She mounted the steps of the dais, ignoring the nausea that crept up her throat the closer she got to the demon. She leaned forward and spat in his face.
“Just a nightmare, buddy,” Regretfully, Dean slipped out of warm embrace and groped for the bedside lamp. He flicked it on and turned back, Cas looking at him with concern, his hair rumpled, those eyes darkened to midnight blue in the dim light; Dean’s breath caught painfully in his chest. “Oh fuck” he muttered. Cas’ forehead creased and he tilted his head in confusion.
“Yeah right, so you and he” Gabriel grinned and bobbed his head “have been getting nasty, you know, playing hide the zucchini-”
“Cas, Buddy are you sure about this?” he asked as gently as he could, folding his arms against the tightness in his chest.
“How?” Cas swirled his own glass fretfully and scanned the crowd, no one even looked in their direction.
Feeling sick, she let go and watched him skitter away over the rocks. He didn’t even try to fly, just lumbered away and hid behind a stunted pine tree. It had only taken a second for her to feel all of it, so much pain, so many prayers and the slow growing horror that no one was coming for him. “I’m sorry Gabe” she took a step towards his hiding place and her own pain flared suddenly, from dull ache to fire. Eyes screwed tight shut, she fell to her knees. Her breath whistled between her teeth, she tried really hard not to scream, but failed abysmally.
“He probably wants to know how his advice worked out.”She said with a smile. Cas grinned back and answered the phone.
“He was up till gone six” John complained and stabbed his fried breakfast, spearing a piece of bacon. “I mean it Cas, I cannot go through another Cantor V.”
He paused next to the guest rooms. Sam was curled on his side cuddled into his blanket, pillow scrunched up under his head. Cas smiled it was easy to see the child Sam had been, he seemed to go back to childhood in sleep. He closed the door, the second guest room was directly opposite the first, the door was open and Dean was sat up staring at him.
“Like I said I’d break you” Chris yawned. “I’m going to bed.” She announced, and walked out of the kitchen, stopping only to stoop down and kiss Cas fiercely. “Are you coming blue eyes?”
“Dean, there is not an angel in creation, who didn’t hear that.” Cas laid a trembling hand on her hair.
“Cas, I’d don’t want to talk about it” Dean took a sip of coffee and resumed reading the news on his tablet.
“Before she explodes and takes half the planet with her” Sam added. Dean shifted in his chair he knew that tone, Sam was blaming himself.
“Oh god” he muttered to himself and quietly backed away from the door, not even Chuck himself could have induced him to knock. Instead he headed for the kitchen wishing he was deaf.
“I beg your pardon! I have been nothing but a good wife to you, Since the day we were wed!” Fiona jabbed an accusing finger at the ghost. The ghost actually leaned backwards as if her finger were made of iron.
“Hey that’s enough you two.” Asasa reappeared and handed Cas a piece of paper. She looked at them sadly. “I can’t say I’m happy about this. You look after her Castiel, she is all I have.”
“Chris please, give up your grace.” Gabe said softly once their laughter had died down, “If dad hasn’t fixed you, he won’t. He’s not known for his leniency.”
“Sam, make the call,” Dean snapped, before Cas could argue further. Sam nodded and dialled the number.
A quick glance at the date told her it had been a year in normal space- time since her last visit. It had been considerably longer than that for her- several billion years and two regenerations longer, ‘
“Low blow Dean. I got stuff to do, just go and talk to Cas.” Sam stood up, Dean could tell that he had hurt his brother, from the way he slammed his precious books into a pile.
“I said get her out of here before I snap her neck.” he couldn’t remember the last time he had felt rage like this, Chris was just standing there, un-intimidated and un-fazed. Worse still he was sure it was pity he could see in her eyes.
“Tension, like something’s building inside me.” She flexed her hands, golden light shone under her skin for a second before vanishing. Cas watched it flicker and die in dismay, a hazy memory from long ago poked at him, I’ve seen this before.
“Well you might learn a thing or two Deano” Chris countered, Cas noticed she was smiling at Dean.  Chuckling to him self, Dean hitched himself up on the table.
“My god, Castiel! what are you angel of the bloody obvious!” Chris was feeling sick, must be the blood loss, she told herself.
Another day in engineering, another day running diagnostics and pretending to care. Dean prodded the touch screen lazily. 'Christ I’m bored' two weeks running maintenance because he had accidentally, okay purposely,  upset the first officer and he was dying of boredom. It wasn’t like he had meant to upset Riker, but the man made it so easy. All he had said was “you need some more ego with those poker chips” after losing a particularly expensive game of cards, okay maybe throwing the chips in Riker's face had not been a good idea either, but Dean was done. He was tired, his next scheduled leave was months away and he was still having nightmares about the bloody Borg. He nearly jumped out of his skin when a hand touched his shoulder.
“I don’t think Chris will give up her grace willingly, obviously I’ll give her the choice. This is the only way to save her.” There he had said it, he risked a look at Dean, who sighed and sat back in his chair.
Dean looked grim, “I don’t know Sam and I would rather not find out. Which is why we better find a cure for sleeping beauty.” Sam nodded and returned to reading, Dean watched his brother frown over the text and tried to sort his own feelings out. I’m jealous, he could admit that in the privacy of his own head. Jealous and angry, though the anger was more at his own stupidity than anything else. Because he had got Cas back and things had just gone on as normal for weeks. Until the day Cas had walked into the kitchen and told Dean exactly what he wanted. How had Dean reacted? He had frozen, said nothing and now all he saw when he closed his eyes was Cas staring at him with the tears of rejection shining in his eyes. “I’m an idiot” he muttered out loud.
“Cas, you still in there?” Sam called softly, he knocked on  the door to Jacks room again, louder this time. “Cas!” he glanced at his brother, Dean raised an eyebrow.
Dean stopped short of the bed and listened to Cas talk to his comatose lover. This hurts, he admitted to himself. Dean couldn’t get a handle on his feelings, he knew he was angry, but angry at what? Chris for lying there dying in front of his eyes?, Cas for falling in love? Or himself ? For being an abject coward? And then there was the other sensation, wrapped around all that rage: pain. Seeing Cas helpless, watching someone he loved slip away and being unable to do anything about it. Dean knew that feeling, knew it intimately. Because he had watched his life go up in flames, felt his heart empty. He had got a second chance, but the fear of having to go through that ever again had stopped him. Watching Cas was go through the exact same thing, made him want to rip his heart out of his chest.  “Don’t leave me yet.” Cas whispered, Dean couldn’t stand it a moment longer, he took a step forward.
“That’s a lie isn’t it, lieutenant Winchester?”Caught out Deans eyes darted round the room and he stretched out his arms.
The phone ringing roused Chris from a restless sleep, she had driven all night, into the early morning to get home and collapsed into her bed as soon as she arrived. She stared at the number bleary eyed-no caller ID. “Bloody hell” she muttered, tempted to ignore it. But it could be another hunter calling for help, she slide her finger over the screen. “This is Chris and if this is you Larry, find someone else I just got home.”
“I need to see an old friend, it won’t take long.” She touched his face and he kissed her. The beautiful mundanity of it struck him, this was normal life.
he rebuked himself sternly and made himself meet Picard’s gaze. “I suppose you want to talk about Dean? It’s not his fault, he’s sick!Sir” leaping to Dean’s defence-again, how many times had he done that?
“I don’t know, but its not just his wings, you know that. He is broken, and it will be for the one who broke him to fix him.”Asasa dropped her gaze, “provided he lives that long.”
“Watch” she replied bleakly. There was a noise like a rushing wind and the room filled with black smoke and the smell of sulphur- the children screamed shrilly. Cas swung round and saw the dark haired man, his eyes now black on black pick up a heavy poker from the grate and bring it down on his terrified wife’s head. “I should have been here, this is my fault.” Tears were streaming down her face. Cas took her by the shoulders.
“She is safe for the moment, the boys have found her. Whether she stays safe, depends on you.” Ariela drew a cautious breath.
“Sam leave it, please” Dean rubbed his eyes, the headache he had been putting up with on and off for weeks was back.
“you are familiar to me, even back in the bar…” He straightened up, an angel blade slipping from the sleeve of his trench coat. “who are you?” Chris squashed a flicker of fear as he pointed the blade at her.
“I’m an archangel, me and my brothers used the big bang as a paddling pool, I will be fine. Now light the candles young padawan.”
“Cas we got you back, we got me back, hell we got Sam back. This time will be no different.” Cas forbore to comment, thinking of all the times they had failed, he wondered if Dean really believed his own words.
“I’ll just keep you awake,” Sherlock made himself smile in what he hoped was a reassuring way, his husband wasn’t fooled, John pulled a disapproving face.
“Chris please come home let us fix this.” More than anything she wanted to say yes, to fly home, throw herself into his arms and be safe, but that was childish. The power rising up inside her told another, bloodier story would be the result.
“I remember a fish,” she was crying, she pressed her forehead to his, fingers gripping his shoulders tight. “and I remember Dean, I’m so sorry Cas.”
“Cas, I’m really not someone who should be giving out dating tips,“he tossed the whisky back and poured himself another large one. “true love and all that disney bullshit are not my area.”
“You can’t stay David, the rage will only get worse and worse, until you hurt Fiona or someone else you love.”
“I’m sorry, I was just asking.” He still hadn’t put the picture down, Chris crossed the room and snatched it from his fingers, placing it very gently on the shelf, Sam watched his brother with mounting anger. “and who are these cheeky imps” Dean asked picking up another gilt edged frame. Chris took that from him as well, her face unreadable.
“Timey whimey?” Picard did not seem amused, Sam concentrated on staring at the shuttle-bay wall like it was the most interesting thing he had ever seen.
“The warding is the same.” Cas held up a hand, briefly occult characters glowed on the wall, then faded. “Its distorted, like its been blown apart.”
“Father?” He appeared in front of her, head tilted on one side eyes giving her the same disappointed look he had bestowed on her all those millennia ago. She took a step back expecting him to blast her on the spot, more worryingly she could no longer feel Chris.
“Sam, tell me there’s more beer.” At that moment Cas reappeared his shirt was undone, his hair tousled.
“Yes” she felt him wipe away some blood from her new stitches and turned over. His face was only inches away, she stared into his eyes and felt it again-familiarity.
“It’s me, Castiel” the wiping stopped, she heard him wring out the cloth before resuming.”Stay still, I’ve nearly finished cleaning your wound. I’ve strapped up your wrist as well, it’s sprained not broken”
“No blood, and this is Cas’ blade.” Dean placed it on the bedside table, “No sign of a struggle and that” he pointed to the pair on the bed “is weird.”
“I get that, Dean. But we need to put this aside and do the job in front of us, just like always.”Dean gave Sam a hard stare.
“No, it isn’t. I’m sorry I should not have woken you. You had a busy night it was inconsiderate of me.”
“They died” Cas stalked away, allowing himself a grin at Asasa’s shocked intake of breath. “Lets go home” he called to Chris and stepped onto the street letting the door slam behind him.
“I know, I know. Please just stop, for a second,” Feeling doltish, Cas realised this wasn’t anger, this was fear.
“No Cas, they need to know,” he heard the sharp breath she took to calm herself and reached up covering her fingers with his own.
“That was pretty damn good.” Dean wiped the last of the sauce off his plate with a crust of bread and chewed it slowly. Cas looked down at his own plate, a half embarrassed, half proud smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. Dean dropped his gaze as a familiar feeling washed over him. It was followed by a spike of intense anger when Chris, collecting the plates paused behind Cas and kissed him on the top of his head. She slid her fingers into his shirt for a moment, caressing Cas’ collar bone. She happened to look at Dean, he saw her skin pale, her expression briefly contorted with a spasm of something akin to pain. In response Dean felt his face flush and he forced himself to smile. Chris smiled back and carried the dishes away, but her movements were stiff and the dishes banged loudly against the kitchen counter as she put them down. Dean joined her by the sink as Sam asked Cas about some arcane piece of lore he was reading about on his tablet.
“As I said sir, it’s quite small barely registers on our sensors.” Vasquez replied with more fire than Sam himself could have managed. Worf didn’t seem to notice, he turned to Sam.
“No she can’t be.”Sam said shaking his head, “There are only four Michael, Lucifer, Raphael and Gabriel.”
“Ariela?”Cas pushed Dean away and stepped forward unbelieving, “but sister you died, you died in flood.”
“You want to know about your grandfather, read the bible it’s all in there-well the highlights anyway” Ariela snorted.
“Is that your real face?” Cas realised he was stood on a green lawn, there was a large house in the distance, he recognised it from Chris’ childhood. He turned round slowly. Chris was stood a little way away, face turned to the sun.
“Not in this world honey.” Hints of the south in her voice and other places Cas was not able to identify.
It was later when they were propped up at the bar sipping whisky, after one of the biggest noisiest meals Cas had ever eaten that Fiona finally decided to answer his question.
“Sir” Vasquez at the conn suddenly piped up, his voice cutting through the usual murmured conversation of the bridge. Worf stood up.
“Cas! What the hell is going on!” Dean shouted he sprang up and grabbed Cas forcing him to meet his gaze. “Where is Chris?”
“The demon who did it, yeah. The thing who sent him, no.” She took a deep breath “can we talk about something else Sam?”
“You know what Sam? I like Chris she seems sweet and I do think she cares about our little tree topper.”
“I worry so much about him and now we have Rosy” his voice trailed off, Cas realised his friend was blinking back tears.
“Only when it suits him” Gabriel’s eyes turned inward for a second, Chris squeezed her uncles shoulder.
“Cas, I don’t want you to hurt yourself over me, you don’t really know who I am, or the things I’ve done”
“It’s over Chris, please just stop.” he could feel her panic at being helpless and her horror that it was him doing this to her. Shame engulfed him, “I’m sorry.” There was a bang as the door was slammed open and the sound of running feet.
“I had such bad dreams,” for a moment longer the illusion lasted. Then Chris stiffened in his arms, she pushed him away gently and her eyes fastened on Ariela. “I know you” her voice was dull, pained.
“NO!” Chris screamed and headbutted him, he let go the impact knocking him backwards. Chris ripped the needle from her neck, blood spread unheeded in its wake. She snapped the angel cuffs from her wrist, turned and grabbed Dean and threw him over the bar. Only Sam was left standing, he was backing away from Chris, an angel blade held in front of him. Cas stood up and lurched in front of Sam.
“Doctor, I still don’t quite understand what it is you are saying to me”  Sam heard Commander La Forge say, he sounded frustrated.
Sam had to agree with that, he sat on the other side of the bed took the girls free wrist and checked her pulse again. “What now?”
“I know when you are lying to me Sam.” Dean flicked through Sam’s phone “Oh what have we here, text from Cas ‘She liked the flowers, NOW WHAT DO I DO?’ and you replied ‘KISS HER YOU IDIOT’, care to explain Sam. I could take a wild guess, but I would rather hear it from you.”
“your accent is still terrible though” Cas added as he stepped into the ashy circle and stared down at Chris sleeping on her make shift bed.
“Can we go?”Cas demanded. They had arrived in Blue Mound that afternoon, and Cas had been driving both brothers to distraction. Their usually patient friend had become a snappy, agitated, angry mess when Dean had insisted they wait until night fall. Now he appeared to be cruising close to the edge of true rage. Dean sighed.
“Chris loves vintage British cars, said it reminds her of home,” Cas explained “And lets be honest, if Gabriel is involved he is not going to be driving a Buick.”
“Yes Dean, she is very hot. Sexy uniform and everything,” Cas was rewarded by a choking sound from his significant other and allowed him self a sly grin.
“Gabriel, do you know who I am?” No answer, disgusted Chris moved a little closer  “What have you done to him?”
Chris stared into her beer watching the bubbles rise and pop endlessly, this time the bar keeper had left her alone. Though the local drunk, the same one who had been there the day she met Cas, had needed a little more firm persuasion. She could hear him gabbling mindlessly to himself in a corner. Chris knew she should feel bad about shredding the man’s sanity, but the rising power crushing her chest whispered that it didn’t matter, none of it really mattered. Her phone vibrated in her pocket, she pulled it out and stared at the caller ID. Her finger hovered over the cut off, her breath quickened. “Not now, Choirboy” she whispered to herself. The phone continued to buzz until her voicemail kicked in, she sighed in relief, as if passing a test.
“Maybe we should uh, move out of the kitchen?” he tilted her face towards him and very carefully kissed her.
“pauper cornua fracta angeli.” she muttered to herself. She walked back to Cas placed the phone on the bed and kneeled down in front of him. “Cas, look at me” She pulled his hands away from his face and wiped the tears from his cheeks. “Don’t cry, blue eyes. Everything is alright”
“I got you these, Sam said I should give you roses, but I know these are your favourite.” he watched her anxiously as she breathed in the fragrance, “Like um, the ones in your mothers garden, they got a little crushed, sorry.”
“You’re where?” Dean sounded both relieved and angry, Cas could hear him pacing the bunkers wooden floors.
“I don’t care. Give it to me.” Chris held out her hand, “No tricks.”warily Asmodeus placed the book in her hands. She flicked through the unpleasantly slippery pages, found what she was looking for and shut it with a snap. “This should do the job, with a few adjustments.”
“Ah Sassenach ancestors, well we can’t all be perfect,” Fiona tugged his shirt straight and pulled the blankets snug once again.
“No, please just get me back to the motel” he nodded and slipped an arm around her waist, pulling her to her feet easily.
He was sat at the kitchen table drinking coffee and trying to read the news on his laptop while waiting for the caffeine to kick in and wondering how the hell they were ever going to find Chris in time, when Dean breezed in wearing nothing but his robe and a smile.
“yeah you’re going to have to be a bit more specific there buddy.” Dean sat down and poured himself another whisky.
“I get that, but I’m here to help. Good things do happen, whether you believe that or not and sometimes whether you deserve them or not.” Cas was standing too close, Dean froze. His blood was thundering in his ears, right now he wanted nothing more than to land a kiss on those soft lips, rip off that uniform and – what the hell is wrong with me!
“Thanks Dean, I was unaware of how much I had messed up, until you used all that sarcasm to point it out.”
“Maybe I did, but I can’t make you help me. I just hoped you would, I’ve got nobody Gabe.” she stepped away and watched the northern sun as it sat stubbornly on the horizon, neither rising or setting. “If you say no, I’ll go plant myself in front of Curiosity now, give Nasa a show.”
The night was darker than Chris had hoped it would be, the encounter with the broken angel in the bar meant she was hunting later than she would have liked. The wind had died and the full moon she had been relying on was hidden beneath a dark heavy blanket of cloud.  Circumstances which did not make the cemetery look any-more appealing than it had by daylight. Half fallen Victorian memorials loomed out of the darkness as she crept forward. The sounds of a party, drifted on the still air causing her to swiftly crouch in the darker gloom of a table tomb. A few yards ahead a dim glow lit up the windows of a mausoleum, from the light that oozed down the steps she could tell the door was ajar. Inside someone turned the music up- Zeppelin, ‘good times, bad times’, well at least they had good taste in music if not in party venues. She smiled to her self and her machete hissed softly as she drew it from its sheath.
“you remember? I only possessed you for a few seconds you shouldn’t be able too” Cas shook his head.
“So let me get this straight, your Dad came to you in a dream and told you he will kill Chris.” Dean took a swig of beer, wondering if 11 Am really was to early to break out the whisky.
“Maybe, but they haven’t hung us yet” Dean turned towards the door, he looked over his shoulder when he realised Cas was not following him.
Dean is a trauma ridden veteran of the war with the Borg, Cas is his counselor. Things get weird when an unexpected visitor arrives on the USS Enterprise 1701-D.
“That’s not good enough” he growled and reached across, grabbing Gabe by his shirt front and hauling him out. The table tipped over, drinks going everywhere, their companions took off like scared rabbits. Chris stood up.
It took a minute for Chris’ eyes to adjust to the gloom, what she thought was a pile of dirty rags moved. she had a glimpse of the eyes of a terrified animal, quickly hidden again. She took a step inside the cell, it stank, the figure huddles on the bench trembled and shook as she approached it.
“I’ve had my heart broken before” Cas’ voice was low, shaky and full of recrimination. Dean felt the unspoken rebuke in his soul.  He sighed and sat down next to Cas, who shifted a few inches away, a physical reminder of the gulf that had grown up between them. Longing for the old days caused a sudden lump in his throat. He wanted to go back to when things were easier and the unspoken thing between them was a bright promise for the future. Instead it had become a grief and regret ridden shadow of what could have been.Cas was fiddling with something on a thong around his neck.
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“See what I mean, heathens” she drew Jack towards Chris, “Come meet your cousin, Her name is Christine.”
“you know, it. Did you take her to heaven Cas?” Dean couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face at his own bad joke.
“No, Come on this way.” they walked a little way down the street, to a Hoodoo shop that looked like all the other hoodoo shops in the city, a tacky plastic Baron Samedi hung in the window amongst other tourist tat, but a hunter sign was scratched into a corner of the glass. Cas sensed that the place was warded. Chris pushed the door open somewhere a bell rung. Inside the shop was less tacky, herbs hung from the ceiling and a number of scattered tables contained the usual arrays of chicken feet and other Hoodoo wares. Chris headed to the back of the shop “Aunty are you here?”
“Why hello Grand-Daddy” Chris just about managed to hide her surprise at the Lord of hosts appearance, she wasn’t sure what she expected. It certainly wasn’t the hoodie wearing, slightly unkempt looking person in front of her.
“Really? Interesting.” The Doctor gave him another speculative look, as if she were trying to figure him out.
Back in the bunker Sam read the text with an amused smile. “Have you seen Cas?, he’s been gone for hours” Dean asked him.
“Dean, that’s not really appropriate” Cas could feel his face getting warm, he knew Dean was only teasing him, but it still made him uncomfortable.
“Don’t you dare, you are drunk, I don’t want to end up with an extra head.” Sam pushed the angel away and struggled to his feet. “You go to bed” he pointed at Dean, then turned on Cas “You as well go to sleep”
“So you keep him planet side, not very smart” Chris asked Asmodeus, as she followed him along the winding corridor.
“Three she killed the first two before I got there. I was too late to stop her being bitten.”Cas laid the hunter back down carefully, he shrugged off his trench coat and folded it under her head.
“Slut” the spirit growled, the voice seemed to come from every where at once. Cas drew Fiona back a pace and took the poker from her.
“That’s the right answer cherie” Ariela laughed, “well you look nothing like your daddy, which is something to be thankful for.” She extended a hand regally, “I’m your Aunty Ariela, I’m an archangel like your father,” Cas watched ready to spring as Jack shook Ariela’s hand. “Don’t worry flyboy, I’m not going to hurt your baby boy,” she winked at him.
“In here” Cas whispered and ducked in to the darkness. Dean and Sam switched on their flash lights and followed. A lot of bodies here, these were blackened and twisted as if they had been close to the centre of an explosion. A soft sob attracted Deans attention, he pointed his flash light in the direction from which it seemed to come. There was a large throne-like chair in the centre of the room huddled on it was a pale figure.
“Try not to move, it may start bleeding again. If you won’t let me heal you this will require stitches.” Chris heard the irritation in his voice
“ Cas you don’t understand stay back, If I do this he will come.” There were tears on her cheeks, Cas felt his heart break.
He opened his eyes to Sam looking at him with a concerned expression. “Cas you’re awake, thank god. Are you alright?”
“Cas what’s happening to me? Asmodeus said things-” Chris’ voice trailed off and her eyes rolled back in her head.
“Sam the last time this happened, when Semerkhet burned, it turned the land into a desert- the Sahara desert.” Cas saw the shiver she tried to hide as the golden light briefly flared under her skin again. “I need to lie down for a while. You need to decide where you are going to take me, I need to be as far away from people as I can.” Shaking now, She pulled away from Cas.“I’m not a damsel in distress, I’m a hunter. I can decide for myself” She thumped her chest and Cas saw tears in her eyes.
“Really, you don’t have much of an accent.” At the mention of England, Dean stiffened and threw Sam a warning look.
“Cas” she gripped him for a second, he dropped a kiss on to her hair and then another longer one on her lips.
“Gabriel, of course I’m not sure. Just do it alright!” The power was already whispering that this was a bad idea, Chris shoved it’s suggestions to one side and glared at her uncle.
“Is that any way to talk to your father?” Chuck took a step forward. Cas felt a rush of fear, but he didn’t back down.
“you care to elaborate on that Lady.” Dean snapped, Asasa turned her attention to him, he resisted the urge to look away it was hard. Her gaze flayed him, she could see right through him right to the core. Her mouth drew back in disgust at the mess she found there. Asasa circled them staff tapping on the floor, she stopped and peered at Sam.
“Yes it was, but it was you three idiots as let him out in the first place.” She took hold of Cas’ chin, he dared not move, Asasa smiled. “Seems like Daddy wiped me from the minds of all my kin, suppose I had better rectify that before we go any further.” She kissed him very softly and threw him to the floor.
“They are all dead, even Gabriel.” Ariela was openly sobbing now. Chris drew back a little, the mention of the archangels name had caused a shiver in the air.
“Siege of Troy, not important” Cas sank gratefully into a chair. “I think I hurt my knee.” he mused flexing it.
“Data here, Good evening Mr Holmes.” Data’s voice was as expressionless as ever, however Sherlock still thought he could hear a note of amusement. Yet again he cursed his mother for naming him after some dusty old book.
“Oh I see and do you like it.” Cas felt his cheeks grow hot, Chris didn’t seem to notice. She turned her attention back to the sink, picking up the bouquet of jasmine and snipping the ends of the stems efficiently.
“And when exactly did Chuck tell you he was going to kill your girlfriend?” Dean found he was shaking his head, just how much more weird could their lives get? Cas looked sheepish.
“No Cas, I’m not alright, but I’m keeping it together.” she paused swallowing the sudden lump in her throat. “Everything will be fine, you’ll see”
“Dean are you alright!” Strong arms around him, holding him tight in the dark. Cas, he remembered, recollections of the previous night rushing back like a high tide. He rested his head against his angel’s chest and let the dream induced terror dissipate.
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“Tell me why? I could have killed you years ago or locked you away like I did your brother. But I let you be”
“Okay buddy, I told you I’ll take care of it.” He let go of Cas’ shoulders and forced a smile, “Now come on let’s go get our other feathered idiot and drag her ass home, alright?”
“Well, he seems happy, you still got a bad feeling about this?” Sam leaned over and turned Chris’ ipod up as the sound of Cas being very happy indeed filtered through the walls. Dean rolled his eyes.
“Really Cas? Because it seems to be every-time you’re on your own for five minutes you do something downright stupid.” Cas, rounded on his friend his expression furious. Dean took a step backwards.
“Well I knew chocolate wouldn’t cut it.”she saw his shy smile reflected in the mirror as he dropped another touch of his lips to her shoulder. The jolt was electric, she leaned back wanting him to press his lips there longer. He obliged “I love you, never doubt it, I won’t let you die” She turned in his arms.
“Well yes, he mine now ain’t ya boy. Now kill this bitch for me!” To Asmodeus’ obvious consternation, Gabriel didn’t move. Chris laughed out loud.
“No Sammie, I am pretty far from alright. Why the hell couldn’t she have been a witch or a siren or some other non-complicated problem. Instead of-”
“Yes, I should have got there sooner.” Cas took Chris’ hand, that simple action stirred up a tangled mess of feelings for Dean. He was angry, yes, but seeing Cas clearly so upset made him realise he was being a jerk. He stood up and patted Cas awkwardly on the back.
“Jack come and sit, while I tell Cas here why he is a dumbass” Dean pulled out the chair next to him
“That’s right Sammie you keep going up in my estimation. How else do you think he fought the bull of heaven?” She sighed. “Do you know the real reason why god flooded the earth?”
“Look do you want me to get you a motel room for the night.” Sam asked Chris as they walked to the garage, he was still feeling guilty and in all honesty a bit embaressed by Deans reaction.
“Mmmm a seraph, well I can’t blame you child. he’s a beauty. If I were a few centuries younger I doubt I would have said no either.”
“Sickbay? Ahh that’s right, knocked my head didn’t I?” She reached up and pulled off the cortical stimulator. “I think I am alright now though, where’s Jean-Luc?” she looked around wildly.
“I’m sorry for your loss.” He was sorry too, he could feel her grief it shadowed her soul still. An old hurt, one that refused to be healed.
“I know what it does look like, and its weird.” Dean sat down in the armchair and stared at his friend. “you don’t think he had the same idea as you? About getting in her head.”
“Yeah, Jack was frantic, but he is asleep now. I’ll tell him you are okay when he wakes up,” Dean sighed loudly. “I missed you, sunshine. When do you think you will be home?”
“We were just trying to protect you Jack, you understand that right” Sam held his hands out in apology. Jack nodded and took a couple of steps towards Chris, Cas found himself suddenly worried about how Ariela would react and stood right behind his son, ready to defend him if necessary.
“You’re a clever boy Sam, I like you. But you’re wrong” She laughed, a beautiful sound. “Ah my little brothers, endlessly arguing, fighting and messing up. Only one I had any time for was Gabriel, he was a sweet boy. He liked you Castiel, took you under his wing as it were.”Cas was silent, he remembered a long ago beach, waves lapping his brother pointing out an ugly snub-nosed fish as it pulled itself on to the gritty sand. Asasa smiled “I was there that morning, Castiel.”
“So what the hell is wrong with Cas?, because he is acting weird, even for him.” Sam for once not beating around the bush. Dean rubbed his face and leaned forward.
“She’s getting worse, we can’t just sit here.” Cas stood up, shaking off Dean’s restraining hand. He caught himself praying and stopped abruptly. He had been angry at first, when his repeated attempts to heal her had failed and he had screamed at Sam and Dean to leave him alone. Now though, his rage had burned out leaving a sick hollow feeling and the cold horror of impending loss. He flinched as Dean pulled him into a short hard hug.
An hour or so later Dean shut his laptop with an angry snap “African dream root won’t work, apparently Jorogumo are immune.” He leaned back in his chair rubbing his eyes. “I could do with a nap, I had weird dreams last night. Could have sworn Cas was there.”
“And you say I’m a nerd,” laughing, Sam shook his head and turned his attention to the book. “hmm, this looks promising,” Sam leafed carefully through the brittle pages, “I think this is a spell for binding and powering down an angel.”
“Cas, I’m sorry, oh god.” Chris realised she was sat up in bed, the sheets tangled round her body. She shivered, the cold of her dream still raising goosebumps on her skin.
“I’m not sure, I’ve always been able to see what others could not. My mother called it a gift, it’s more of a curse sometimes.”
“I need to speak to you in person..is that alright” Chris licked her lips her throat was suddenly very dry.
“I think you do Aunty, tell me the truth. I nearly died, if Cas hadn’t been able to break the warding-”
The next time she woke up it was even harder to emerge from the darkness, someone was shaking her and calling her name. She opened her eyes to Castiel’s worried face, “You again.” she pushed him away and sat up, trying to still the trembling in her limbs.
“So she is hot,” Cas could imagine the grin he just knew was spreading over Dean’s face right now. ‘Well two can play at that game’.
Chris pushed Asasa away and walked out without a word, she grabbed Cas’ hand and pulled him after her.
Dean stared at the painting on the wall, some boring pastoral scene of Vulcan or somewhere, He hated waiting. He had been practically frogmarched to the therapy room by Sam, only to find the Doctor was running late. Sam had promptly abandoned him to return to the bridge with the promise that one of his fellow security types would escort Dean back to their cabin later. He shifted on the too low couch, there wasn’t enough room between the coffee table and the couch for him to stretch out his legs. Feeling cooped up wasn’t helping his irritation, he realised his hands had curled into fists without him noticing. Damn it, he stood up and paced the small room. How had he ended up like this? okay he had always been a bit of a rebel, but punching a senior officer? He stopped in front of the painting, not really even looking at it. The colours blended together, reds and browns and to Dean it looked like blood, he snatched the damn thing off the wall and threw it on the ground, the canvas tore. Dean stared at it breathing hard.
usual warnings, canon, violence, drinking, cw for panic attacks and ptsd. Established Bi!Dean (it’s the 24th century after all)
It was a sheepish Castiel who walked into the kitchen the next morning, he was well aware that he had acted like a fool and one look at Dean’s bruised face made him feel even worse.
“Well, you do seem to be having really hot sex, a lot.” This was Dean lightening the mood Cas knew, he went along with it.
“The warding failed on their house and they were murdered, I wasn’t there.” She scrubbed her eyes, “sorry, its been years. You would think I could talk about it without crying.”
“No” Sam interrupted unable to stand the combined pity-fest any more. “This wasn’t about us, guys, this was about her.” Cas and Dean looked at him dubiously, “Look Asmodeus said he had been looking for her for years, specifically her.”
“Visiting my children.” Cas said shortly, not really wanting conversation. The man smiled sympathetically.
“Guys we should head back home, go through the lore again. If Chris isn’t going to co-operate we need a better way to subdue her. Because these clearly don’t work” Sam held up the snapped through angel cuffs.
“It’s going to be alright, come sit down.” He pushed him down on the couch, fetched him a glass of water and sat down opposite Dean.
“Ohh sweet thing I don’t need you just your blood. Child of an archangel, with your blood I can scour the grace from every angel in heaven and earth.”
“I don’t think I can,” he couldn’t see much of her face it was shadowed by a woolly hat and a scarf drawn over her mouth.
“Yes I’m fine, thank you Ma’am.” The woman didn’t look convinced she directed a baleful stare at the window of Asasa’s hoodoo shop.
“No I just cut your connection for a moment, we need to talk Ariela.” The small ginger haired man hitched himself up on a table, he picked up one of the quartz crystals scattered artfully across the table-top and held it up to the light.
“I don’t care, go to your damn room and sober up.” Sam stumbled away, shaking his head in disbelief “you two are idiots.”
“Don’t look at that, look at me” He shook her gently “look at me”, somewhere behind him a child’s sobs were abruptly cut off. “That’s it, just look at me” he whispered and wiped a tear from her cheek. “It wasn’t your fault.”
“I’m not as much as a ‘dumbass’ when it comes to feelings as Dean thinks. And I am sorry about your friend”
“Maybe not.” Dean looked at the girl. She was breathing evenly if shallowly, a faint line of sweat hung above her top lip. “She is very hot” he mused when the silence had gone on too long.
Cas sat on the swing seat and stared up at the sky. The far horizon was lit by the distant glow of New Orleans but above him a multitude of stars glittered in the heavens. Dean grunted as he sat down next to Cas.
“Like us, family business then. where are you based?” Sam glanced at Dean “If you’re based anywhere.” He added sheepishly.
“Then I will strip it from your mind and throw what’s left to the hell hounds, I think I saw the kennels on the way in here.”
“Are you sure, you’ve been through a lot-” Chris sensed there was something more weighing on her angels mind, something terrible, she could see it in his eyes. He wanted her though, that was evident in the way his hand was gripping her hip and in other less subtle ways. She snagged his tie again and used it to draw him down until they were lying nose to nose.
“I beg your pardon lieutenant!” Slowly Dean turned round. Riker was furious, his face red under that ridiculous beard. Dean grinned to himself, he approached the seething first officer until they were nose to nose, out of the corner of his eye he could see Sam getting out of his seat.
“I’d be surprised if you did. She is in some kind of neural shock, keep an eye on her brain activity.”
Cas stared at his friend in disbelief. Even with his shaky grasp of human interaction, he knew Dean was acting irrationally. He sat down unsure what to do “I’m sorry, for hitting you.” Dean sighed, put the tablet down and looked his friend in the eyes.
“Dean that’s enough!”Sam sounded appalled, his brother actually walked around the table and stood behind Chris, he even put a hand on the bitch’s shoulder.
“Can they find her Cas?” Sam’s voice was tight with sudden fear, Dean saw his brothers eyes dart round the room.
“No” John lied automatically, the last thing he needed to deal with was a tangled love affair. Feeling mildly guilty he headed back to sick bay, hoping for something less complicated to deal with.
“Ah well I have heard about you, Bobby told me all about you.”Cas stiffened, suddenly aware he was unarmed. His angel blade was in the trunk of Chris’ car.
“you are unbelievable, you know that.” There was a bang as the bunker door was slammed shut, a startled cry then another series of bangs. They ran through into the war room Castiel was just pulling himself off the floor. He looked at them blearily, a cut above his eye was bleeding profusely.
“You’ll find out, but understand this, she is dangerous and one way or another I want her off the board. If you don’t do it then I will.” Chuck sauntered over and smacked him on the forehead.
Chris knew the moment it happened, she heard Cas scream Dean’s name in her head.  For a moment it overwhelmed all the other chattering voices. She stopped and stared at her reflection in a shop window, tears sliding unbidden down her face. She had known of course, she had always known that Cas would always choose Dean, but it still hurt. She scrubbed the tears from her face, the power flared under her skin. It was getting harder to control, she patted the reassuring weight of the archangel blade where it was concealed in her coat,  nothing left to lose now and no time left to waste.
“Yes, just be careful and text me your address,” Dean hesitated for a second before adding “I love you, merry Christmas dumbass.”
“He burned for days” panic and horror in her voice, he tried to hold her as much for his own reassurance as hers, but she backed away. “How could you not tell me this!”
“Well I damn well hope they stay there.” Asasa paced the floor angrily. “Christine you are my only kin in this world, please give him up. Angel and a human that’s a story as never ends well and of all the host of heaven you choose Castiel. Death follows him around like a shadow.”
“I hadn’t noticed.” Cas mumbled, but Dean saw the glance the angel directed at his charge before staring down at his feet.
“fraid not, disappeared out of the cells, the locals aren’t happy. There is a nationwide APD out for the pair of them.”
Cas started to slide off the bed. “you should rest for a while.” Chris’ hand shot out and grabbed his wrist.
“Come on Castiel angel or not, something is clearly on your mind. I’m just saying sometimes if you leave things, they will heal up on their own.”
“Would you like me to tease you?” His other hand plunged downwards, his fingers felt the smoothness of her panties.
“Right, well that’s great, just great Cas.” Dean paused and for once looked Cas in the straight in the eye.
“He has a name, Castiel and he is an angel so you’d best be mending your manners Davy.” The spirit opened and shut it’s mouth a few times, “Plus he’s gay” Fiona folded her arms and glared at her dead husband, Cas stifled a laugh, he had never seen a ghost look mortified before.
He hesitated before knocking on Cas’ door, feeling guilty that he had left his best friend alone to stew for so long. There was no response to his knock, he thought about just leaving it. “C’mon Winchester don’t be a coward” he muttered to himself and tried the door handle, it was unlocked. The room had been trashed, dresser tipped over, pictures ripped from the walls and the in the middle of the chaos was Cas. He was perched on the edge of the bed in his shirt sleeves with his hands covering his face. Cas’ shoulders shook and he seemed to curl in on himself. Dean was at a loss, he wasn’t sure he could handle Cas crying. Dean kicked a broken lamp out of the way and Cas looked up, it wasn’t tears.
“Cas, what’s wrong” she sounded upset. He couldn’t bring himself to look at her, not wanting to see  the pain he had caused.
“Sometimes a girl has to turn the tables, can’t let you have it all your own way.” Her hand skimmed his inner thigh and he shivered.
“Then go on then, won’t be long” She gave him a light push as an encouragement and shut the door behind him. Cas looked down at the small squirming human in his arms and felt the faintest rush of recognition. An echo of an echo, once Jimmy had looked down at an infant Claire just like this. A tiny fist gripped his finger, bringing tears to his eyes. Smiling sadly, he disengaged his trapped finger and laid it on her forehead.
“The truth obviously, Cas” Dean snapped, pulling his phone out of his pocket and walking away. Sam had been hanging back watching the argument, his forehead creased with concern, “Cas are you alright, I’m sorry this happened.”
“Because he knows I care about her, that is reason enough for him” Cas sounded so bitter to Sam’s ears, clearly the angel and his brother were in a competition to see who could drown in self pity first.
“Explain what?” Sam asked as he walked in, his right eye was swollen and purple. He poured himself a coffee and leaned against the counter.
“Its okay, you just had a nightmare,” Cas smiled at her sadly and dragged the blanket over her shoulders.
“What’s the story here Doctor?” John raised his eyebrows at the readings displayed on the tricorder, “Doctor Crusher this patient is saturated with chronometric particles.”
“Choir boy,I’m starting to wonder about that” Chris kissed him, this time he pulled her against him with no hesitation. His lips sort hers hungrily, urgent hands sliding up her back like someone touch starved. The scream seemed to come from everywhere at once, Chris froze.
“But she’s not is she?. She has that freaky psychic thing.  She told me about it dinner. Maybe that’s why he was after her?”Sam watched his brother and the angel digest that information, he sometimes wondered if they were a little slow, or if they were so wrapped up in their own internal dramas that anything outside barely touched them. “So what does Asmodeus need a psychic for?”, the horrified look in Cas’ eyes froze Sam in to silence.
“Yeah exactly, do you want to spend the rest of your life waiting ?” Sam didn’t say waiting for who exactly, but he knew what Sam was referring too “you have her number, call her.” Cas reached for his cell, he hesitated.
“Please, please don’t hurt my baby.”Ariela was aware that she was begging, what else was there left to do?
“Okay, so what’s the catch? C’mon Cas I can read you like a book, what is it you are not telling me?” Dean carefully retrieved his novel inserted a bookmark and laid it aside. He leaned across the table. “I’m assuming it must be bad, since you won’t even look at me.” Cas shifted in his seat and ran the tip of his tongue over suddenly dry lips.
“I kissed her,”Cas admitted, Dean fought hard to keep his expression neutral as his heart sank, but Cas wasn’t looking at him; he was looking at her, his fingers resting lightly against her cheek.
“I don’t know Sam” Cas took a breath to try and quell the panic rising in his chest. “But if we don’t stop her-” he stopped and shook his head. “It’s not a risk we can afford to take.”
“My panties are just fine, Sam!” Not his best comeback, both brothers gaped at him. Dean was trying not to laugh, that hurt.
“Fiat voluntas tua.” she said loudly, a flash of bright light followed briefly illuminating the bag. She wound a leather thong round the small thing and hung it around Castiel’s neck. “I cannot stop your pain, but I can reduce it. This is nothing more than a band-aid, your wings are an open wound, and like all open wounds the dressing will need to be changed periodically.”  As she placed the thong round his neck Cas cried out “Better?” Asasa asked.
“Of Course not,” Cas got up and padded towards her, wary of the heavenly anger still shining in her eyes. “You know me” He smiled to him self, “Better than anyone, do you think I could hurt you?” He cupped her chin in his hand and pressed his forehead to hers.
“Well he’s up, for a change. See if you can talk some sense into him. God knows he won’t listen to anyone else” Sam hit the button and the doors slid open. “I have a shift on the bridge, see you later”
“I’ll give you a hypospray, it’s set for the correct dose. Use it when you need too.” John held out the hypospray, Dean took it gingerly.
A sharp intake of breath informed him he had an audience, he turned round slowly. Fiona frozen in the act of closing the door a hand pressed to her mouth. Cas tried to act nonchalantly, he shrugged as if nothing had happened and tried to hand the child back. Fiona held up a hand and seemed to pull herself together.
“Don’t make me beg Choirboy, at least not yet” that earned her a smile, the slow seductive one that made the corners of his eyes crinkle. He kissed her,  hesitation gone.
“Well he is. Do you think that woman did something to him? We should have tested her, maybe she is some kind of monster” Dean realised Sam was staring at something behind him.
“Sassy Cassie” Chris snorted, she was feeling light headed again. It faded after a moment, “there’s a first aid kit under the bed, for emergencies.” She heard the rustle as he retrieved the kit from its hiding place, heard the crinkle as he tore open a pack of needles and felt his hand warm and steady on her shoulder and his breath tickling her neck as he leaned down to examine the bite.
“I’m sorry about your sister, I truly am baby girl. I should have taken steps when she got married, but she didn’t want my help. I didn’t know he would find them”
It was cold by the water, Chris pulled the collar of Cas’ trench-coat round her face and shivered. Of course she didn’t have to be cold, not really. She could have warmed herself with a thought, but there was something so clean about the brisk winter breeze. So she let herself shiver and enjoyed the way the air tugged at her hair. “I know you are there, why so shy?”
“Cas, c’mon we will find a better way.” Sam crossed the room in quick strides and squeezed Cas’ shoulder. Cas shook him off, frustrated and hating himself for what he had to do.
“Okay choir boy.” He didn’t deserve the understanding in her voice. He left grabbing his trench coat and trying to crush the feeling that he was a coward.
“She was right! What you did to them was cruel, you told them to love humanity and when they did, you punished them.” The power was running up her spine, sending coruscating waves of pain through her body.  “you forbid them from ever being loved back, I’ve seen what your rules have done.”
“Cas I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have encouraged you,” Dean could practically feel the guilt radiating off his little brother.
“Something like that.” The man looked like he was going to inquire further, but something distracted his attention.
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“I’m not so sure it was worth it. Heaven is soiled, Lucifer is loose on the earth, Dean and Sam are so broken, you don’t know the things I have done” he trailed off. Chris took his face in her hands, and kissed him.
“Cas, no. I told you we will find a better way.” Dean sat up and feeling a little awkward, kissed Cas lightly. When Dean started to pull away, Cas wrapped his arms round him and kissed him back, Dean buried himself in the sensation, neither of them heard the door open.
“Chris I’m sorry we broke in, but I’ve been calling both of you all day. Tell me you would not have been a little concerned.” Sam looked at Chris, with his best kicked puppy expression.
“Can’t do that kiddo, I leave you here, you explode and burn half the world.” His hands were resting on her shoulders restraining her. “And I am rather fond of this sad little trash fire of a planet.” He turned her round, the sympathy in his eyes hurt her, she wanted to look away. No, she wanted to run away.
“It’s you” he hissed, “Everything is wrong and it has something to do with you” he jabbed a finger at her. John saw Beverly gesture at Worf, the Klingon lunged forward and pinioned Sherlock’s arms behind his back and wrestled him down on the biobed, quick as lightening Beverly pressed the hypospray to his neck.
“But it’s not just that, is it?” there was an edge to her voice. Cas ran his tongue over his dry lips and made himself answer her.
“yes, but it wouldn’t work.”Cas brushed a dark curl from Chris’ forehead,“she told me it wouldn’t, I didn’t believe her”
“Calm down?” she repeated derisively, “You are telling me to calm down? I’m dying!” She took a breath.
“May I remind you that I existed for several billion years before your species pulled itself out of the mud! I am more than capable of making my own decisions, I do not need or require your supervision!”
Cas stretched lazily, he was lying on his back, one arm thrown over his head and the other curled possessively round Chris’ waist. He was enjoying the warm fuzzy feeling of being totally exhausted and refusing to think beyond this particular moment.  “I thought I was going to make you beg” he said softly. Chris snuggled closer and peered at him through half closed eyes.
“You two have been grocery shopping, while I’ve been sat here thinking god knows what had happened to you, you two have been playing HOUSE?!”
“Well I am God” the lord of all creation shrugged and spooned yet more yogurt into his mouth. “Are you sure you don’t want any? it’s good”,Chuck waggled the spoon from side to side “you’re going to really like it” he added in a sing song voice. Cas took a breath trying not to let his frustration show, sometimes talking to Chuck was exasperating.
“I’m not tired, what about you Cas? Do you want this?” She let go of his tie and slipped her hands under his shirt. Her fingers wandered down his spine, spreading fiery shivers down wards making him thirst for more. “Cas?” he wanted her badly, yet he held back. Confusion tangled his thoughts, he had wanted Dean this badly and that had not turned out well, what if this went wrong?, what if he lost her as well? He pulled himself away and sat on the edge of the bed breathing hard, as panic took hold of him, all these years and he still didn’t really have a grip on human emotion.
They found Cas standing next to one of the peeling wooden columns four dead demons strewn in front of him.”I take it that wasn’t you” Sam said, leaning down to examine the corpse’s empty burned eye sockets.
“Just a moment seraph, this is taking a little longer than I thought, Now hush boys” Ariela cradled Chris’ face in her hands and closed her eyes again. The silence stretched on and on,  Ariela’s face wrinkled with effort. Dean shivered, the room was getting colder as if something were sucking the heat out of the air. He could feel Cas quivering with tension under his restraining hand and pulled the angel a little closer, hoping Cas would understand he was trying to reassure him.
“oh” Sam couldn’t think, he knew he was gawping like a goldfish, he couldn’t help it. Picard didn’t notice.
Chris shifted to the end of the bed letting her legs dangle off the end, as she considered the question. What do you want? She asked him silently, honesty something whispered to her. She moistened her lips, “I’ve killed a lot of angels Castiel.” he took a couple of steps forward and sat down beside her.
“Sorry no time, we have things to talk about.” She slid off the biobed and looked at John quizzically. “I’m sorry have we met? You look familiar.”
Two days, Cas had been in the dungeon for two days, watching Chris sleep, listening to her breathing becoming shallower. Staring through the flames that separated them, holy fire Dean had insisted, feeling like she was falling away from him and he couldn’t quite catch her. The door creaking as it opened distracted him, Dean and Sam standing there, expressions hopeless.
“Is this a real place?” Cas gestured to the world around them. Chuck nodded vigorously managing to drip yogurt down his green hoody, he scrubbed at it ineffectually for a second before giving up and looking Cas in the eye.
“it doesn’t matter what it is Sam, I should be able to heal her,” Dean heard the frustrated tone in Cas voice.
“Control is very important to you isn’t it?”  That did it, Dean scrambled back a couple of steps, putting the couch between him and the Doc. Cas just shook his head and let out a short laugh. “sit down Dean, I’m not going to eat you, for a start you are not my type. I said sit.” He pointed to the couch. Dean did as he was told. He sat, head down and hands clasped together and looking everywhere except at the Doctor. Cas had returned to his own seat seemingly un-fazed by what had transpired, he was totally relaxed legs stretched out in front of him and the PADD danglingly from his fingers. “So you lost some friends at wolf 359?”
“I don’t think so Dean,” a bolt of lightening crackled from her fingers, hitting Dean square in the chest. Dean’s face contorted in agony under the barrage, Sam lunged at her and was thrown aside.
okay maybe not her exactly, him, but still her. Another memory, an even older one tapped its nose and twirled a bizarrely long scarf at her,
“That’s what I said” Dean snagged Sam’s beer, earning a look of mild annoyance from his brother. “My need is greater,” he took a swig and turned back to Cas.  “We can’t do this to her buddy.”
“No don’t look, none of this is real, but you have to want to leave. do you understand?” Chris nodded. “I can get you out of here, but you have to trust me”. Cas could feel the magic congealing around him, trying to lure him into the false reality. He saw a flash of his own hell, Deans bloodied face as he held an angel blade over his heart. He pushed the suggestion away forcefully.
“You think I’m a moron?” It was said seriously, but Dean saw the ghost of a smile tugging at Cas’ lips.
“Spit it out blue eyes” she was laughing now, eyes sparkling. Cas felt his cheeks grow hot, he stared at his feet reluctant to answer.
“Aye sir” baffled by the sudden concern emanating from the bridge crew, Sam did as he was ordered. “Channel open.”
“John, you are my oldest friend. I’ve known you since medical school. If your instincts are telling you something is wrong, then we should check.”
As her phone started ringing again, Chris resisted the urge to throw the damned thing against the wall. ‘You need to hear his voice’ some traitorous part of her muttered and she gave in. “Hello, Cas”
“I think he is done with you, as am I” He tried to run, Chris held him immobile with a thought. “You didn’t really think I was going to let you live did you?” she clenched her fist, and he doubled over in agony. “when I am done with heaven and god, hells next.” she squeezed harder, the demon fell to his knees. Chris realised Gabriel was standing silently at her shoulder she smiled at him brightly. “Hello Uncle, should I Kentucky fry the Colonel here?” The briefest of nods from Gabriel. Asmodeus screamed as the flames engulfed him, burning greasily into ash. Chris stared at the spot for a while, before looking Gabriel in the eye.
“That’s Aunty Asasa to you, boy. I’ll write the spell down for you, shouldn’t be more than a moment.”
“No you’re not buddy, we will find a way to fix this’” Dean sounded certain, Cas doubted his sincerity.
“That’s not a ‘nothing’ look” she grabbed his chin and made him face at her. “This isn’t the first time you have seen this is it, I remember now.” She searched his face, he could almost feel her scrabbling for the shared memory. “There was someone like me, long ago, I can’t quite-”
“I like it.” Awkwardly Cas brought his hand from around his back revealing a bouquet of sweet smelling small white flowers nestled in dark green leaves.
“Then he changed” Cas mustered a sad smile and squeezed her hand. “It happens. The dead are not supposed to stay here, it drives them mad.”
Disorientated she sat up, a few feet away the angel from the bar was holding the ghoul by the throat. She watched as he brought his hand down firmly on the struggling monsters head, there was a brief flash of white light and he dropped the now slightly smoking corpse to the ground. He walked towards her and she watched as the terrible blue light faded from his eyes. So that’s a smiting, some detached rational part of her brain whispered while the less rational part of her shrunk back against the cold stone.
This Chapter: Cas gets laid- explicitly, (consider yourselves warned) Dean may be a little annoyed by this..
“Hardly a choice, die now or die later as a mortal” Chris hurled another stone into the bay.“You didn’t give the angels free will”
“Dean, no.” Sam disappeared into his room and came back with his gym bag. “I have to go, I’m teaching Worf’s Mok’bara class tonight.”
“Hey guys?” Sam again, always the peace-maker. Dean knew he should be grateful for the way Sam interceded, sometimes though, sometimes he just wanted a blazing stand up row. “Can we find out what’s wrong with Chris please? Ariela, Cas tried to heal her, but it’s not working.”
“It’s kind of chilly up here, are you sure you wouldn’t rather be some where else?” Chris rubbed her hands together and suppressed a shiver. She walked a few steps over bare grey rock and looked down at the water of the fjord, as it crashed and boiled below them. “Gabe, I know I said we needed to go off grid, but we could do that in Hawaii.” She glanced back to where Gabriel was perched, motionless on a granite boulder. “You know on a beach,” She picked up a rock and dropped it over the edge, “Why did you bring us here?” No response, “I don’t have time for this!” She planted herself directly in front of the archangel, he dropped his gaze, deliberately avoiding her eyes.
“You know you don’t have to do that, I can read lips.” The grin widened into a smile, Sam shuffled his feet.
“You remember her.” Another nod. “We’ll see her soon, I promise.”Chris held out her hand, “lets go.”
“No Cas I didn’t say that” Dean rubbed his face tiredly. “Cas, you have to stay away from her. I know she means something to you” he paused and looked at Sam, “however the hell that happened, but we are toxic. Everyone we love gets hurt or winds up dead, Mom, Jess, Lisa, Charlie, Eileen, even angels what about Hannah?. If you really care about her let her go, because if you don’t you will lose her” Dean stood up and stretched with a groan, Cas didn’t move. “I only want what’s best for you buddy. Think about it, you know I’m right.” Dean clapped him on the shoulder, Cas didn’t trust himself to answer instead he just nodded mutely. “Right I’m going for a drive, I’ll see you fellas later.”
A constant thumping dragged Sam from his pit of dreams, he stared at the clock in disbelief: six AM. He just lay there for a while listening to the rhythmic banging unable to work out where it was coming from, he wondered if one of the bunkers air conditioners was broken. Eventually unable to drift back to sleep and starting to genuinely worry that something was really wrong, he got out of bed. The sound was louder in the corridor seeming to echo off every surface, it was loudest of all outside of Deans door. He raised his hand to knock, but froze as his sleep fuddled mind put finally two and two together, he really didn’t need to hear Deans ecstatic cry of triumph as confirmation or the low rumbling moan that he just knew was Cas, yet still it assaulted his ears.
“I am so sorry, I didn’t know. I’m an asshole, ask anyone, Cas will tell you. I thought maybe they were a friends kids.” Sam couldn’t remember the last time he had heard Dean try and back pedal so fast. Gently he took the picture and placed it back on the shelf. “I’m sorry” his brother repeated, then caught Chris in a bear hug, she returned it gingerly, after about thirty seconds Cas coughed.
“Just hush choirboy.” She kissed him slowly, almost painfully. Fingers sliding through his hair, stroking down his neck and across his shoulders. It was hard to hold back, but she made herself take her time, burn each caress into her memory. Cas pulled her closer, hands gripping her hips tight enough to bruise. He had slowed down too, perhaps sensing this time was different, each kiss a little self contained supernova against her skin. She pushed him away a little and began unbuttoning his shirt, his eyes never left her face. A kiss to the chest for each button she slid from its hole, his skin tasted of salty seas and long ago skies. She could see the shape of his grace now, bent and twisted but still silvery blue moonlight on an ancient ocean. She reached out to touch it with her own coalescing light, gold as the sun when it was first born. Cas lifted her smoothly onto the dressing table, she could feel his heart hammering under the fingers she spread against the smooth muscles of his stomach. His need reached out to her, she kissed him deeply. Throwing her grace against his,  she saw his broken wings one second arched above, the next cradling her in silvery cosmic fire, his eyes were alight with the same radiance. Something woke in her, she pulled him inside. No not even that he was just there, she locked her legs around his waist. The power was there again whispering to her, then a moment like fire. She felt him reach for her, they were one thing for an instant. Her being saw his, and golden light filled their joined perception-Chris closed her new wings over his, tears starting from her eyes. She cradled Cas against her chest, feeling everything all at once. Knowing as well that small secret part of himself he didn’t ever talk about. He said her name softly.
“That I did, Cas. So what about you? Everything okay?” John tucked back into his meal with gusto, Cas let out a groan. “Well that didn’t sound very positive, What’s eating you? Or rather who?”
“Thank you Sam you really are a fine young man, now you boys back off give me some space. Can’t concentrate with you all breathing down my neck” she waved them back, reluctantly Dean retreated to the wall, half dragging Cas with him.
“What you are? Call it a talent, I can see your halo.” They drank in silence for a moment.“So what’s your name choir boy?”
“Oh right, little miracles, all the cats in the local shelter were simultaneously adopted, local river cleaned itself, dad can’t resist the odd little interference.”
“look at me choir boy. This was not your fault.” A wave of self hate overwhelmed him, she felt its insidious ripple spreading over everything. “Cas? Don’t do this now, I need you. I’m drowning here”  Abruptly he clasped her against him, he was shaking, she stroked his hair.
“Um yes, just a house call” Cas lied, his cheeks suddenly hot. Sam gave him a confused look and shrugged.
Gabriel was on his feet, staring at Cas he snatched the blade from the floor and rounded on them. “Where did she go, what the hell have you done with her!”
“I understand that-now” she snapped, “I’m sorry it’s just difficult you know. Losing someone, but them still not being gone” Cas found himself nodding, remembering when Dean was a demon.
“Well, nothing new there ” Dean rubbed his eyes, “Look you go see if our house guest needs anything, I’ll go talk to mean and moody.”
“When the angels fell, all those screams. My brothers and sisters dying and nothing I could do except listen. What would you have had me do flyboy?” Her voice was like a razor, Cas turned away, but not before Dean saw how deeply her words cut him.
“Of course, of course” he stepped over a prone body and started to rummage through the bookshelves lining one side of the room, he held up a slim green leather bound volume . “I acquired the book itself a few years ago-it’s an interesting tale-”
“And you will do stupid ass things” Dean continued oblivious to Cas’ thoughts, his tone had turned bleak .
“More lies Asmodeus? Now I know  even a prince of hell should not be as powerful as you appear to be. Only an arch angel can pull off some of your stunts. So, Michael is in the cage, my Mom is in her shop, Raphael is dead and Lucifer is trapped somewhere over the rainbow.” She pulled the tie tight, resisted the urge to keep squeezing. Asmodeus gargled and pulled at her hands ineffectively, “Give him to me.”
“So, she is going to die,” Cas whispered hoarsely, it hurt to even say the words. “Why?” it was not so much a demand for an explanation as a general question for the universe. “Why!”
“I don’t have time to stop, there must be something useful in this place” She pulled another book from the pile next to her. Cas approached her cautiously, he was at a loss to deal with the current situation. He took the book from her and took her hands in his, kissing the knuckles.
“Worf?” Sam was confused, he sorted through the last few days in his head. Had he done something to annoy the Klingon?
“Chris” her name was a pleasure laden sigh. Cas wanted all of her, he wanted to feel her skin against his. He pulled her shirt apart, the buttons clattered on the floor,  he pushed her down and climbed on the table. He kissed the base of her throat and worked his way down slowly, every shiver of pleasure from her salty skin sending lightening bolts to his groin making his cock jerk in his jeans. Her hands caught his belt and freed him, he gloried for a moment in the warmth of her hand, but slipped her grasp and his tongue continued its dance down her body. He gripped the waist band of her jeans, while his tongue teased her belly button. She looked down at him eyes pleading for something. He pulled her jeans down in a smooth motion and sank his head between her legs. Chris made a soft cry as he sank his tongue inside her, her knees rose and she spread herself wide. Her hand gripped his hair urging him on, but he stopped. He stood up and grabbed her hips pulling her towards him. Gently he pushed the tip of his cock into her while rubbing her clit gently with his thumb, she moaned as he slipped inside and pulled out slowly. Savouring the feel of her as she quivered at each stroke, the ache in his groin building as she started to pull him in. Chris sat up, pulling his head down for a hungry kiss wrapping her arms and legs round him tightly.
“Pretty much, don’t blame me for your mistakes Dean.” Dean gaped at her, but he had no response the anger was congealing back into self loathing. “Thought so”, she muttered and swept out.
A stealthy walk took her round the scattered tombstones and she wrenched open the door just as Paige started the guitar solo. There were three of them, where she had been expecting the solitary she had been tracking. All male, sat round what was left of a teenage boy. Judging by the smell he had there a while, nevertheless they were still eating him. Gobbets of his flesh hung from their fingers and his blood stained their clothes. Chris swung the blade at the nearest one neatly severing his head, but she had been lucky. The other two had got over their shock and were already on their feet, they both rushed her. With no room to swing the knife she gave ground and found her back pressed to the wall.
“Let me see” He asked softly and placed two fingers on her forehead. He saw then, what he had missed before. Her grace was trying to repair her vessel, but there was no control, no regulation and the power was building up. Cas snatched his hand away as if scolded, he couldn’t meet her eyes.
“I smelt you, you reek of corruption.” Chris stood up and rolled her shoulders, “I could have found you blindfolded.”
“Why are you sorry? you didn’t give the orders. You didn’t drag the entire crew after just one man!” Dean stopped short, he noticed the wet warmth on his cheeks and scrubbed the offending tears away. He wanted to stop, but the words were poring out of him in a seething stinking mess, “They were right next to me, I should have saved them.” Silence suffocating everything, Dean could hear the Doctor breathing, but he wasn’t paying attention to Cas now. Instead he prodded his pain like a sore tooth feeling its sting in new ways and remembering everything. Laughing with Charlie about  his ex-boyfriend, back when they had served on the Lexington and Kevin, Sam’s room-mate at the academy too young really for active duty, but so damn smart the powers that be had made an exception. He was so lost in his memories, he didn’t notice Cas stand up and stretch.
Even in the old Land Rover it was a challenging drive down the valley, Cas stared out at the looming snow covered hills with their abruptly steep sides. It was a beautiful, yet bleak landscape some of the hills had plantations of conifers on their flanks. The summits were bald, altogether the place was like something out of Lord of the Rings, ‘Charlie would have loved this’. Fiona had been very quiet since they left the house, Cas was glad about that. As they had pulled away he had looked up and seen Davy’s ghost glaring at him from an upstairs window. He needed a solution to that, in short he needed to talk to Dean. Fiona turned on to a slightly larger road, this one was clear if still icy. “Looks like Michael has been up here with his tractor finally, God bless that man” she sounded relieved. Cas could understand that it was only just lunchtime and the sun was already dipping towards the horizon, short days indeed this far north. “You are a quiet one Castiel, tell me about your family.”
“So you caught a ghost? I’m impressed” even though the line was crackling Cas could tell, Dean was not happy, he sounded annoyed.
“No Sam, me and Dean will talk about this now.” Cas growled at him. “Why did you send her away Dean.” Sam found himself praying his brother would show a modicum of sense and not further upset their utterly wasted angelic friend.
“You’re cute when you blush.” Dean raised an eyebrow, “You know, if you wanted” Dean paused “Maybe we could, uh, sort something out.”
“Okay, okay lets do this then. Stand still” Gabe closed his eyes and held his hand over her chest, for a second there was a pulling sensation, which stopped abruptly. Gabe’s eyes snapped open and he shook his head. “Chris, it’s too late”
“you don’t understand, what she did to you-” Cas clenched his fists, “It was vicious Dean, she shredded you. She didn’t have to be that violent, she could have ended you with a thought. She wanted to hurt me.”
“I don’t think it is.” He scrubbed his face.“Dean is right, I’m going to get you killed or worse. Every thing I have ever cared about I have watched die or has become so twisted I can barely recognise it. The worst of it is, a lot of the time I was the one that twisted it.”
They watched Chris shuffle out with Sam on one side and Jack on the other. Once the dungeon door swung shut Dean stood up and stretched. “So Cas, what now?”
“Before she left, what did Ariela say to you?” Dean didn’t respond immediately, he licked his lips and avoided Cas’ eyes the way he always did when he had to say something difficult.
“Ah that’s good,” Dean’s voice had gone a shade higher, the same way it did when there was an unexpected spider in the bathroom.
“NO, just help me walk.” I’m not some damsel in distress, she muttered in the privacy of her own mind. She ignored the traitorous thought that perhaps on this occasion she was in fact, practically dragon fodder. “my car is parked up the road, here” she dragged the keys out of her pocket and pressed them into the angels hand. “Its the black one” she muttered as her vision blurred and darkness rose up.
“Shut your mouth boy.” A click of her fingers threw Dean to the floor and held him there. “You see Castiel, Sam here would have died before letting that thing take her. Sam would never have left her alone for a moment.”
“If you don’t take my grace.” Chris bit her lip, aware that the barkeeper was giving her a strange look, she stared back him and let her eyes glow. One look was all it took, he scuttled out the door as fast as his legs could carry him.
Cas stood outside the large old fashioned clap-board house and wondered if he had the right address. It was out of the city near a small town called Tickfaw, he hadn’t seen another property for miles, the roads were bumpy and unmetalled with no street-lights. The house itself was well maintained, its paint fairly fresh and a traditional swing seat on the porch. Taking a deep breath he pulled the bell cord and waited for what seemed like a long time. The door opened with a click, Chris stood there; wearing jeans and a loose white shirt, she was also holding a shotgun pointed right at him.
“Something tells me that was not a sincere response.” Cas’ eyes narrowed and he ran his tongue over his lips. The innocent gesture made Dean even more uncomfortable, he wriggled in his seat and hoped the blood rushing to his face was not noticeable, though he was more worried about the blood currently rushing somewhere else. He made a grab for the carafe of water on the coffee table and poured himself a glass, in his haste he spilt half of it on the gleaming wood.
“but why take her at all?” Sam interjected, “if she was no-one just a random hit I could understand.. but he wanted her.”
“Not that I can definitely identify. He just seems off.” John shook his head, “Maybe it’s just me, I worry too much.” Cas reached over and squeezed his friend’s hand briefly.
Dean dreamed of fire, not the smokey dull flames of hell, but a blaze like the sun that instantly turned everything it touched to ash and dust. Screams close by, Cas, Sam and Jack, their forms nothing but shadows that disintegrated even as he reached out to drag them to safety.
“Always?” Dean felt his cheeks flush, as he remembered what some of those dreams were about, crazy to be embarrassed about it now.
“I said don’t lie to me” She folded her arms and took a deep breath. “Tell me, what is going on Cas.” There was nothing for it, the last dregs of warmth, of happiness fled Cas’ heart, he couldn’t put it off any longer.
“Just give me a minute blue eyes” She set her hands on the dresser and stared at her reflection in the mirror. “I thought Ariela- I suppose I have to call her Mom now, I thought she fixed me.”
“You don’t have intercourse?” Cas frowned, sometimes he thought Dean considered him a little slow. Well, two can play at that game, Cas thought to himself.
“Then let me help you, please” their eyes locked, her eyes glistened with tears, Cas felt her fingers wander along his jaw.
“He can blame us.” Sam sighed. “Look she’s going to die if we can’t find another way, dehydration or starvation.” he shut the book in front of him, and stood up. “We have to at least try.”
“Dartmoor, in England, a couple of universes to the right.” Ariela watched Chris struggle to her feet, a cut on her arm was bleeding profusely, she clutched at it staring at the blood in confusion.
“Just one second choirboy, nearly done here” Cas took a few steps forward, aware of Dean and Sam following him. Chris topped off the beer and placed it next to the three she had already poured. “I knew you would be coming, so I got you a beer.”
“Why couldn’t you just pick up an ordinary girl from a bar like a normal person” Dean sounded exasperated he grabbed Cas’ arm. Cas wanted badly to reassure him, but he couldn’t find the words.
“Well what can I say, he has a punchable face,” Dean’s legs were cramping again, he resisted the urge to get up and pace.
“Like the one Rowena used on Lucifer?” Dean didn’t like remembering that, another time when he had nearly lost Cas.
“Thank you, but I still feel him with me sometimes,” Cas didn’t doubt that statement. Fiona shook her head sadly, “Now come on then my wee balach caillte, if we hurry Brian may give us Christmas dinner at the pub. Which will be better than the beans on toast we will be havin’ otherwise.”
“My last baby girl, I protected her. Warded her against those that would use her and now” she paused, her face a mask of rage, “because of you Castiel she is with that thing Asmodeus and only my father knows what he plans to do with her.”
“Aye lad, you are not wrong.” She paused and gestured to the barman, who filled up her glass with an indulgent smile. “But he is not gone is he?, I take it you saw him back at the house?”
“You idiots, I was helping her, it was just a ruse to get the old man down here so we could bind him. Now what the hell have you done with Chris!”
“Drop out of warp” Worf ordered and the ship slowed, the kaleidoscope pattern of warp space returning to a normal star field.“Where is it?”Worf’s voice was tight. Sam felt his neck prickle with anticipation, he halted the diagnostic and got ready to bring the shields online if needed.
“Nothing he doesn’t already know.” Gabriel nodded and got to his knees inside the aquarian star they had painted on the floor with ash.
Inside the pub a fire burned merrily in the stone fireplace, Fiona’s entrance caused a small wave of happy greetings. Three musicians, a fiddler, a man with a guitar and a girl with a penny whistle sat in a corner and played a merry tune. Cas stopped to listen to them, unable to suppress the smile that the happy melody brought to his face. Fiona pulled on his sleeve and dragged him away laughing. “come along man, we need to see the baby first.”
“Cas, I thought I had lost you-again,” the pain in Dean’s voice made Cas lean his forehead against the door frame and take a shaky breath.
“You are not my doctor,” Dean jabbed a finger at him, John raised an eyebrow. Clearly Dean was not happy.
“No buddy, we will find her, Together. I know you feel like running off and doing some thing stupid, but I need you to focus right now.”
“I made the right decision and my family died, your family are still here. I’d call that a win,” she pushed away the old pain and smiled at him. He seemed to be thinking hard, brow furrowed as he considered her words.
“Gabe I feel weird” Chris stared at her forearms, light was writhing under her skin raising blisters.
Cas nodded and unwillingly stepped inside, Dean wasn’t in the main living area. Through there were signs of his presence, an empty whisky bottle stood on the table next to a pile of holographs. Cas picked one of them up gingerly, A younger Dean and his brother posing on the front lawn of the academy displaying cheesy grins for the camera. He put the picture down carefully, next to one he assumed was Dean’s mother, a pretty blond woman smiling for the camera.
“Hi Doc” Dean tried to straighten up, uncomfortably aware of the tears on his cheeks and the whisky bottle dangling from his fingers. He attempted to concentrate on the blurry figure in front of him, but his heart was still trying to burst out of his chest.
“Well why would you! I am God’s messenger, celestial postman, so who else was he going to send when he decided to drown the earth.” Gabe flicked his finger, a rock detached itself from the cliff and crashed into the thrashing waves below. “I made myself remember her, when Dad told us to forget, I refused.”
“I just need time to think about things, I have to sort my head out. I’ll be back, I promise” A hand on his shoulder followed by a butterfly kiss on his cheek.
“Yes we did, but you Dean Winchester are the only crew member to actually punch the first officer.” Dean risked a glance at his tormentor, he wasn’t sure but the Doc sounded amused.
“You’re right Cas, she’s family now. Okay, Sam call Ariela, she likes you. But first we are going to make a few preparations. I don’t want to be caught with my pants down by the mother in law.”
“You killed my children, your grand children. You, sir are a monster, you kill your own kin.” Anger and remembered grief consumed Ariela, she let it speak.
“She’s stupid, she went after three ghouls on her own…and it turns out they were not even ghouls. That’s stupid and dangerous.”
“I’m sorry baby girl, I had to make a deal. You won’t see him again.” Chris pulled herself upright and walked to the brow of the hill, in her head she could hear the angels calling, but one voice stood out from all the others, different, but some how still the same. She smiled to herself and took a deep breath.
“Thank you.” Pensively, Cas swirled the amber liquid around his glass. He could feel Chris’ eyes on him again.
“He’s no ordinary demon seraph, how can you possibly face a prince of hell.” Asasa scoffed, cas took a lingering step forward.
“Really Cas?” She glared at him across the table, clearly it was not the time for levity. “I need to find out what is happening to me, are you going to help or make stupid jokes.”
“I could say the same thing to you.”she murmured turning to look at him, Her eyes were a dark, deep brown with a hint of gold shimmering here and there. “So, what’s an angel like you doing in a dive like this?”
John sat back and stretched his legs out in front of him, ignoring the old ache where his muscles knotted together in his leg
“It looks like they were running away” Sam observed “But from what?” More dead on the first landing by a pair of grand doors that hung half off their hinges.
“You know what little brother,” Dean stood up and leaned over until he was inches from Sam’s shocked face. “I don’t care about any of this crap any more, our friends are dead because some idiot on the bridge made a stupid ass decision. Charlie and Kevin are dead.” Dean realised he was shouting, every one in ten forward was looking at him. He straightened up, swung round and collided with some one behind him, he looked up well, that’s just great.
“Child, you are dying.” The tongue flicked out, tasting the air like a snake. “you are leaking power like a sieve.”
“Asasa are you here?” Cas called softly, there was no answer. Cas turned to Sam. “She is very old maybe she is still asleep.”
“Cas, I was out hunting vampires, when I should have been here protecting them.” She started to turn back, Cas stopped her.
“I’m giving you the choice, free will, kind of my thing” God shrugged, he looked pleased with himself, Chris wanted very much to punch him in the face.
“See that’s how you talk to your elders,” she said to Castiel and Dean. “You have a good heart Sam Winchester. These other two, not so much. Too selfish, too wrapped up in their own angst. Looks like my baby picked the wrong man to hook up with.” She turned back to to Cas and whacked the back of his knees with her staff. The strength of the blow took him by surprise and he crashed to the floor. She placed a foot on the back of his neck and applied more pressure than should have been possible with her wizened body .
“Don’t you dare!” she pointed a vehement finger at him. Her face was deadly serious, her eyes though sparkled with amusement.
“Yes.” Cas muttered, Dean was looking at him intently. There was a message in his eyes, ‘this is us’ he seemed to be saying. But Cas wasn’t buying it any-more, what the hell was the point of keeping each other safe and waiting for some mythical ‘right time’ which may never arrive. He was tired of it, tired of pretending everything was fine and he cared about Chris. Thinking about her caused a new ache in his chest, a twin for the near constant pain Dean still caused him. Why couldn’t you just love me he asked silently.
“I’d ask how you are Cas, but it’s kind of obvious,” he waggled his eyebrows, Cas dragged his chair  under the table.
“Castiel what’s wrong?” Fiona was looking at him bleary eyed and confused, He forced a smile to his lips. No point scaring her.
“What’s going on?” Jack looked confused, Internally Cas sighed right now he didn’t want to talk to Jack about any of this, he didn’t even really know where he should start.
“Cas!” he shouted. He looked up, Cas came slowly, his face creased up with the pleasure of it, Dean watched him enraptured, “I love you” he told him as Cas collapsed beside him.
Chris was angrier than she had ever been, Asasa began to walk away from her. Chris strode across the room and grabbed her mom’s arm, “Tell me how to find him!” She let her eyes blaze and her wings appear. Asasa snarled at her, her eyes lit with fire, wings materialising above her head. She moved like a snake and threw Chris to the floor, pinning her like a falcon does it’s prey.
“Dean, It’s been days. Something is very wrong , we should call Ariela.” Cas heard the sigh that Dean couldn’t quite stifle.
“We get him out I suppose, though how..”Dean sighed “And when we get him back we take his feathered ass to a shrink!”
“It was the warding flyboy, I made it never to be broken, I warded her against her own powers as well as those who would hurt her. But I made it too well and when you broke it, it damaged her essence. She is leaking power like a sieve.”
“You’re hurt!” she felt his hand touch her shoulder and recoil at the warm sticky blood it found there. “You’re bleeding!”
“Cas, baby don’t lie to me,” she knew something was wrong. He bit his lip, caught in the lie and lost for words. He couldn’t even look at her. Chris sat up, her face unreadable.
this chapter Cas pov, Bi!dean, BI!cas, torture,pining, angst, some fluff, pissed off bitch face sam, canon divergent, Bi!female bamf oc and some seriously sexy snogging.
“I love you” he told her, wanting to say it while he still could, loving the fact he could say it at all.
“Cas what is she saying?” Dean felt panic starting to bubble up, a cold sweat broke out on his back-dread. Cas had pushed Sam to one side and taken his place, his hands hovered helplessly over her.
“No, that’s fine. Me and Dean we’ve lost people too.” Sam shook his head, vowing he would have a swift and to the point conversation with his brother about being a jerk. “Did you get the thing that did it?”
Out of habit he switched on the monitor, he didn’t need the computer for this work really, but the lights cast a cheery glow in the darkness. He glanced out the window, the streaming stars told him they were coasting along at warp three. He still felt odd, disconnected, he took a deep breath and let it out slowly, willing his brain to slow down. “This is real, this is your real life” he re-assured himself and refused to acknowledge the sensation. ‘I’m not going down that road again’, he focused instead on the up-coming mission, three black-holes orbiting each other and he had to work out a way of cutting through the violent, heaving mess of energy to scan each of them.
“We didn’t want to take any chances, Chris you were screaming out on angel radio.” he exchanged glances with Cas’. “Tell you what, Sammy and Jack here will take you upstairs get you comfortable. You should eat and me and Cas will clear up down here. That sound okay to you?”
“one question? Just one I promise.” Fiona nodded her aquiesence regally. “I just wanted to know her name,” Cas stroked the sleeping kid’s cheek.
“I’m tired Dean, feel like I’ve been in a fight.” she looked around her, a frown cresed her brow. “Why are we in a dungeon” Dean at least had the decency to look embarrassed.
“You really don’t know me, do you little brother?” She sighed and flicked her fingers releasing them from restraint. Dean immediately rushed towards her drawing an angel blade, Cas grabbed him.
“Lieutenant Winchester, you are in a lot of trouble, as I am sure your brother has pointed out. You have been indefinitely suspended pending psychological examination, by me.”
“I knew there was something different about you, what did you do to her aingeal an tighearna.” Cas gaped at her, aingeal an tighearna translation: angel of the lord, so she knew then.
“Yeah, though she’s not really my aunty more like my sixteenth times great grandmother, she is the reason my Dad decided to settle here in Louisiana.”
“you’ll see Deano, I love you boys, try and stay out of my way.” she cut the call and smiled to herself, so he was after her was he? Good that just made things easier.
“When you fell from heaven”  He wiggled his eyebrows and ignored an irritated sigh from Sam, who was overly familiar with his brother’s terrible pick up lines. The Doctor tilted his head and narrowed his eyes.
“I’m going to help you, but you have to move or you will die,” she lifted his arm over her slight shoulders and firmly gripped him round the waist. It took a couple of tries but Cas managed to drag himself to his feet the woman was surprisingly strong taking most of his weight, she muttered encouraging words to him as he put one frozen foot in front of the other. It was only a few feet to the car, an old style land rover, to Cas it seemed like an eternity. The woman strapped him in the front seat grabbing a blanket out of the back she swaddled him tightly like a burrito. “That will do until we get home, try not to die”
“Yes and Deans for what its worth. You have mine, just in case you are ever in Louisiana and you need a hand.”
“That really doesn’t sound like Cas. He has been through the mill, what are we dealing with here? Some kind of angel PTSD?”
“She’s gone, she knocked me out and left” Cas’ breath caught in his chest, he forced the pain back down, something must have shown on his face though. Dean’s expression softened Cas heard him sigh.
Sam has a decision to make about his future, Dean discusses the past with his new therapist..who he is not especially pleased to find out is no longer a certain blue eyed hotty, John watson wonders if his best friend is just terminally unable to fall for someone totally sane.
“Maybe not entirely but it was my choice. I always seem to make the wrong one” he paused and stroked her forearm.”And now I don’t know how to save you” he felt her arms slip away, she sat down next to him and sighed.
“I came to see how how you are.”that was answered with a grunt. “are you drinking again?” Dean plumped himself down on the couch and picked up the empty bottle.
For a long time she thought that perhaps she had been thrown in here to rot, but eventually the door opened and a small bowl of food and a mug of water was shoved across the floor. The first time she knocked over the water in her haste to slake the thirst that had plagued her for hours. The smell of the food revolted her stomach and she couldn’t bring herself to eat it. The second time the demon bringing the food looked round the door before shoving the tray across the floor, Chris did her best to present a picture of cowed terror, not difficult considering what she must look like. The Demon grunted in satisfaction and the door banged shut. So they were feeding her, that meant they wanted her alive and if they wanted her alive that made them stupid. She ate the food holding her nose, huddled back under her blanket summoned last nights last good memory into her mind and forced herself to sleep.
“No, I’m sorry. Chris this path you are on, if you keep your power it only ends one way. I won’t lose another child to the dark side”
“I thought I lost you,” Cas realised pure desperation was behind that statement and the way Dean’s eyes went wide made him instantly regret it. He helped Dean to his feet and backed away as Sam embraced his brother, then it hit him. He had lost Chris, what ever it was that they had, was gone now. He had done it, destroyed and twisted her, just like he had done to everything he loved and she had nearly killed Dean. Dean didn’t seem to notice his consternation.
“Dinner, tonight ten forward?” her fingers formed the signs slowly purposefully, she raised an eyebrow at him. Sam managed to nod, he rocked his fist backwards and forwards in the affirmative, not trusting himself to speak and knowing he had an idiotic grin on his face. Eileen straightened her back and resumed her sentry position, Sam did the same. Just in time, as the Captain and the Doctor walked into the shuttlebay with Geordi La Forge in tow.
“I know her” Cas’ voice was low, dangerous, “She wouldn’t, she just wouldn’t” Dean heard his voice crack, Cas directed a swift heartsick glare at all three of them and stalked out.
“Still nothing?” Cas asked already knowing the answer. Dean sighed and walked up clapping him on the shoulder.
A soft cry from Rosamund broke his concentration, he heard John groan as he was woken by their daughter’s cries.
“I see the power is not back on yet” Fiona was standing behind him arms folded into a chunky Arran sweater, she looked small and tired this morning.
Sam returned to the bridge feeling conflicted, on one hand he was annoyed that Worf had gone to the Captain, but on the other he was mildly gratified that the chief of security had so much faith in him. He joined the Klingon at tactical, Worf acknowledged Sam’s return with a slight nod. “Continue running diagnostics on the aft shield emitters, there is a combat drill scheduled for 1500.” Worf rumbled and strode off down the ramp to sit in the Captain’s chair. Sam smiled to himself, Worf always looked a little unsettled when sitting on the plush leather seat, as if such comfort irked him. Maybe it did? Klingons were not exactly known for their relaxed natures.
“Ahh well she is a happy child and no mistake. What about you everything comfortable?” the girl didn’t answer, her eyes flicked over to Cas.
“It’s too late, if I take your grace now, you will die anyway.” he took a step forward, “your vessel is too badly damaged, you shouldn’t have waited so long.”
“Thank-you, Dean” Cas rubbed his forehead and his gaze seemed to turn inward, then his eyes flicked back to Dean ,“I know where she is”
“You can’t, Chris you are too weak” The words bubbled out of him in a rush, instantly he regretted them. “I didn’t mean-”
“You want to think about that for a moment Cherie?” she tapped the staff on the ground again and looked at him. “So flyboy, where is my baby girl?” the eyes she turned on him were flinty. Cas swallowed in trepidation.
“umm, sorry if this is too personal, but is there anybody at home? You have been through a lot, might not be a good idea to be alone.”
“in case we need help and there is a girl at the pub with a new baby, the roads are well blocked. Why else would I be out on such a night?”
“Mr Worf is concerned because you were offered the post of security chief on the USS Liaoning and you declined.”
“Cas buddy, your girlfriend might die and you basically told her that she is weak and to calm down” Dean folded his arms and raised an eyebrow at him “You’re lucky to be alive.” Cas couldn’t help shooting Dean a look of pure anger.
“I don’t think that’s the best idea Dean, we don’t know how she will react” Sam shook his head and frowned at him.
“As did I” Cas, embraced Chris from behind and kissed her cheek. “I’m sorry if you were concerned.”Dean just looked at them in disbelief.
“Maybe I don’t want to, maybe this is who I am now. Talking about it won’t bring them back that’s if they are dead of course, if they weren’t turned into drones.” there it was out, he had voiced the thing that had been bubbling away in his unconscious and giving him nightmares for months.
“Dean?! He called, a startled shout followed by a thump from one of the bedrooms and Dean appeared he was wrapped in an old grey robe his expression belligerent.
“This is it?” Dean asked Looking with disgust at the tacky shop front. Cas ignored him and pushed the door open.
“Yes, Gabriel is in there and Chris I can feel them. They have dropped the warding.” Cas cast a worried glance towards the cathedral, he could sense the spell Chris was weaving, the air tasted of copper, like before a snow storm.“Will this binding spell work on Gabriel as well?” Cas asked.
“I’m fine Dean.” Cas made himself straighten up, he glanced up at Chris. “Have you managed to find anything that might help,” Deans turn to look away.
“There you are Mairi!, hows the wee one today?” the girl looked up, she was quite young only in her early twenties, with a great deal of blonde hair which cascaded over her shoulders and made her face look small and pale.
“What’s wrong, what’s wrong?”Dean bellowed, “What’s wrong is that our unstable best friend has vanished, his truck is still parked outside and I have just realised that Dorothy’s motorcycle is missing.”I’ve called him a bunch of times, he’s not picking up”
“Hiya Sammy” Dean snagged the sheet and pulled it over them both. Sam was now steadfastly looking at the floor. “this is exactly what it looks like.”
“I promised her” he shouted and was suddenly limp in Sam’s arms, dissolving into great messy sobs much to the surprise of the younger Winchester. Cas dropped to his knees, fingers resting on the floor where she had vanished, he felt Dean’s arms around him.
“So what you are just bringing home strays now?” Dean tried to suppress his rising anger, everything pissed him off these days, especially anything to do with Cas. He glared at the angel, Sam stepped in between them hands held up.
“Won’t work, doesn’t work on me.” She ignored the confused frown wrinkling his face, there would be time for explanations later. “just get me back to my motel, its the six on main.”
“Yes, a nephilim, one of the last. Semerkhet, he was a pharaoh” Cas closed his eyes, suddenly he didn’t want to remember, he heard Chris take a sharp breath as she made sense of the jumbled images.
“Just get on with it” Chris gritted her teeth and pushed her face into the sheet. There was a sharp jab, then another and another. Abruptly they stopped, Chris could still feel Cas’ breath on the back of her neck as he checked his work. “Are you done?”
“Hang on, you cook now?” Dean asked dubiously, voicing what they were all thinking. Cas shrugged at them.
“Just a bright light, and my family at home.” Cas felt a sudden panic in his chest. “do you have a cell phone? I should ring them.”
“You don’t need to worry about those limy sons of bitches, we kicked their asses months ago.” Dean leaned across the table his face suddenly deadly serious, “So that said, what ever you did to Cas, you can undo it now.” Chris leaned forward and not breaking eye contact with Dean slid Cas’ angel blade out of her sleeve, she placed it on the table between them.
“Sam’s right, we shouldn’t provoke her. Chris can be very uh, impulsive,” Cas smiled to himself at some memory, Dean guessed. “It was one of the things I liked about her.” Dean groaned internally.
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“You made it then” She lowered the gun and put it on a table by the door. She took a step towards him.
Cas stiffened a brief flick of his wrist slid his blade into his hand. The woman didn’t flinch she just grinned. “Put it away blue eyes, I’m not here for you.”
“Right as rain, Sam. I’m just gonna sit here drink my whisky and think about that cute little doctor” Dean wiggled his eyebrows “If you catch my meaning”
“We are not going anywhere for at least a week” Dean told Sam and Cas emphatically, as he parked the Impala in the bunkers garage. “Night time is for sleeping, not driving”
“I’m your Doctor, Dean” he tapped the replicator, “medical override, authorisation Castiel, alpha six two. 10 cc’s Ambizine.” Dean surreptitiously watched Cas as he waited for the replicator to whip a hypo-spray into existence. He liked the compact way Cas moved, no energy wasted. If Cas had noticed his surveillance he made no sign, he just pressed the hypo-spray into Dean’s neck. “this will  take about ten minutes to effect you, I suggest you go to bed now.”
Cas had dragged an armchair across the room so he could sit comfortably, but he was anything but comfortable. Chris continued to sleep like the dead. Her hand which he was holding lightly was cold, her skin had a bluish tinge which worried him. Once he almost prayed, what was the point of that? God was gone. He remembered that talking was supposed to help when someone was in a coma. “I’m sorry, I didn’t get to you sooner” he told her.  He lifted her hand and kissed the knuckles. “I’m not even sure what this thing is between us,” he slipped his blade from his pocket and flicked it absent-mindedly. “I suppose I should tell you, I’m in love with Dean. I’ve always been in love with him. Ever since I pulled him from the pit,” Cas stopped and took a breath to crush the ache in his chest. “But he doesn’t love me or maybe he’s scared of us. I don’t know.” He paused again weighing the angel blade in his hand. “Maybe some-things are just not meant to be, then you come along.” He glanced at Chris, a smile tugging at his lips, “and this feels like a second chance. I could love you, if you let me. Please wake up.”
“Okay and what else did he teach you-” Cas cut her off with a kiss, he  gripped her buttocks and lifted her up. Chris wrapped her legs round his waist and danced her tongue over his neck. He carried her to the table and sat her on the edge. She pushed the leather jacket from his shoulders and tugged the t-shirt over his head.
“Aye sir, yellow alert” Sam entered the protocol and the computer began to announce the status change to the crew. “hailing frequencies now open sir.”
“Scotland, some town called Applecross,” Cas resisted the urge to scratch at the bandage swathing his chest, Fiona had told him in no uncertain terms what she would do to him, if he made it start bleeding again.
“Bless your heart, would you prefer Grampy, or Pops?” Her power flared making her wince and grit her teeth. Chuck could feel it she could tell by the way his eyes flicked over her. She straightened up and pretended to tighten the trench coat’s belt.
“Gabe, no he needs to pay for this!” but her rock hard certainty was starting to shift. She had lost Cas, was revenge really worth losing everything else?
“Dean” John let his formal tone shift a little, he was talking soldier to soldier now, “you can’t save everyone, that’s a painful lesson that we all have to learn.” Dean nodded, John wondered how much of that Dean had taken in, enough to trigger a little introspection? He hoped so. “Doctor Castiel prescribed you Ambizine for the panic attacks?”
“Yes you do, it’s no’ a bad thing” She started to place the picture back on the mantel, but hesitated.“If you were wondering that was my husband Davy, he died a few years back” she propped the picture back up and touched a finger to her husbands smile.
“Dean! She was injured” Cas frowned at him, disapprovingly. Dean grinned even wider, he missed teasing Cas.
“wel-”Too high, he covered it with a cough he risked a direct look at Picard, who seemed to be regarding him with bemusement. Sam felt his cheeks flare,
“I don’t know,” Sam sounded really upset, Dean felt a twinge of guilt. How was this going to reflect on his brother? His little brother who he was damn sure would make captain one day.
“Thank-you, Dean.” Cas was surprised he had expected a fight, recriminations, but deans anger had vanished as quickly as it came.“I really do love her you know.”
“Go away choir boy, you are not real.” What could he say to that? He moved to face her, but she just stared through him.
Back in the library, Sam was already leafing through a pile of books. He stopped when Dean placed a beer in front of him, “dude its 11:30, in the morning.” Dean shrugged and sat opposite him.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.” Cas told him softly, even though the idea of climbing into bed with a warm body after so long sleeping alone had it’s attractions, even if that body was a mildly psychotic, if gorgeous ex-patient.
“He’s from up north, friend of Bobby Singers. I ran into him on a hunt.” Chris explained. Larry narrowed his eyes suspiciously.
“Sarcasm Sammy? Really?” Dean grinned at his brother, he was starting to feel nicely fuzzy, “So what’s shaking upstairs, anything interesting”
“She wanted to go home, to New Orleans,” Dean shrugged and smiled “cause that’s where she lives.” Cas pushed himself upright and leaned forward trapping Dean with a furious glare.
“OL DOOAIN I Ariel PASH “ she said softly and then she screamed. A high pitched ululation that made Dean clap his hands over his ears. Chris dropped to her knees, head tipped to the heavens and her eyes glowing gold.
“Everything hurts” Chris murmured, abruptly she was a dead weight in his arms, he tightened his grip holding her upright. “Cas, I can’t think straight.”
The door opened at a touch, Cas walked in first, angel blade held ready, Chris was stood behind the bar pulling a beer. She glanced up smiled at him and held up a finger.
“And I’ll kill Asmodeus, then at least I will have done one good thing” Cas stared at her in shock, she meant it he could tell.
Ariela had just turned the sign on the shop door when Chris’ scream for help seared across her consciousness.
“Ah, There it is!” she smiled happily. “To answer your question, it’s happened before. Usually it takes a paradox, alteration of a fixed point. It was my wife’s fault last time, but that was localised. This time it’s all over the place.” She slotted the key in the Tatdis door. “So Geordi we are going to hook the TARDIS sensors up to the Enterprise and using some genius and a little luck, find out where this all started.” The Doctor was looking at him again, Sam shifted uncomfortably.
“It’s okay, Sam. He won’t hurt me.” She lingered a second after Sam went, fingers tapping at the table thoughtfully.
“Nothing bad” Larry had smiled at him, “Bobby was a good friend, still miss the old son of a bitch. You need anything you call me.”He had handed Cas a card and two jars of honey. “On the house.”
“Jack, what are you doing here” Cas shrugged off Dean’s restraining hand, he pulled Jack to the corner of the room furthest away from Ariela. Sam joined them his face reflecting Cas’ own worry.
“I ain’t happy with you staying there baby girl” Her aunt sounded angry. Chris felt her own annoyance overflow. She tightened the towel round her waist.
“Right and it will all be puppies and candyfloss.” Dean stood up “Okay, we will give it some time Sammy, but if he’s not back by tonight. We find a way to drag his arse out of there.”
“And I take it that’s the bat mobile.” she pointed to the Impala. That made Sam laugh, he opened the cars gleaming black door.
“Charlie and Kevin” Dean glared at the Doctor, his anger was sparking again. He gritted his teeth with the effort of not exploding.
“I understand, I was wrong. I am so sorry.” Chris reached over her shoulder and patted his hand, his response was to curl his arm around her waist. “I don’t know what’s going to happen to us Cas.”
“No Cas, not yet” Sam answered, he approached the table and sat down. “I’m sorry, Chris .But I’ll keep looking, there must be something right?” Cas felt her fingers spasm, gripping his shoulder tighter.
“Chuck, I’m not six. You can’t buy my co-operation with shiny toys.” She turned away, picked up a stone and skimmed it across the water.
“You are right Cas, I do.” She dropped her hand and Dean collapsed to the floor, “and I said I wouldn’t hurt you” she glanced over her shoulder at the stricken hunter. “goodbye Cas” she vanished.
“You only need to unfurl them a little, let me see the damage. There’s no need to be embarrassed, you are not the first fallen angel I’ve seen honey.” Slowly Cas turned round and reluctantly half spread his wings. Asasa gasped “Oh my poor boy, these are bad. I’m going to touch them, try to bear it for a moment.”Cas sagged to his knees, suppressing a scream as she ran her fingers from shoulder to wing-tip. “And we are done, I’m sorry that hurt. Chris help him up”. Chris hauled him to his feet. He was breathing hard.
“Okay, okay” Dean took a breath, aware that both Sam and Cas were watching him. Sam for reassurance and Cas, Cas with desperation, his eyes pleaded with Dean, don’t let her die. “Alright, Sam go strengthen the warding. Cas, you and me we’ll take Chris to the dungeon.”
“No.” The point of a blade under his chin forcing him to look up, an archangel’s sword triple sided and wickedly sharp.
“Woah, it’s ok” Chuck held up his hands, “I’m sensing a little stress here, So just take a moment Cas and breath alright” Chuck snapped his fingers, produced another spoon and tucked back into his  frozen treat. Cas’ anger was fading, replaced by a faint glow of hope.
“Okay” she breathed and leaned forward, a heavy hand on her shoulder interrupted the intended kiss. Chris looked up and up, a giant in a monkey suit was glaring down at her. “Problem?”
“Is that what I think it is?” Riker pointed at the screen, Sam saw concerned looks pass between the bridge team,
“Yes it is, I promised myself I would protect the people I love and that includes her” Cas scrubbed at the hot traitorous tears threatening to fall down his cheeks. “Now are you going to help me or not.” Dean just nodded.
“Yeah, I miss him” he glanced at Fiona. She was hunched over her drink radiating misery. “I think you miss somebody too.”
“Well, I’ll sit with you, I’m not tired.” He threw off his covers and reached for his jeans. Cas turned away so Dean wouldn’t see the blush that he felt blossoming on his face.
“I know, but I need the practice. I’ve not really used sign language since the academy.” Sam knew he was babbling, he couldn’t stop, “Not federation standard anyway, I learned Vulcan sedem-ded when my Dad was stationed there and when we were on Bolia-” Eileen laid a finger on his lips.
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“Its about damned time child, what time do you call this?” Asasa stood by the counter looking angry.
“You know my name, well I’m flattered. I have been looking for you for a very long time. We are going to do great things sweetheart.”
“I get that Cas, I really do, but you are acting weird. You just saved your friends life shouldn’t you at least be happy about it.” Cas made to push past Sam, who for his part blocked the way by simply spreading his arms across the corridor. “No Cas, you are going to talk to me. Dean is pretty pissed with you for risking yourself like that.”
“Just an FYI, you may want to turn the music up for the next hour or so” He raised his eyebrows at them and vanished again.
“How are you feeling?” He came closer, hand outstretched like he was approaching a nervous animal. “I know it hurts,”Chris flinched away from his hand.
“John I’ll go for a run, calm myself down.” Sherlock stood up and kissed John lightly, then looked down at Rosamund. “You better change her nappy, she smells awful.” John sniffed carefully.
Raised voices distracted his attention, he glanced towards the sound only to be greeted with the sight of Sherlock being held back by two nurses. His husband saw him and tried to slip out of their grasp. “John!”
Somehow they wound up sharing a booth with the blonde and her giggling dark haired friend. Gabe had switched drinks and was swigging bourbon straight from the bottle, arms wrapped firmly round the waists of both girls. Chris watched him through her own alcohol induced haze, wondering if perhaps she should leave him to it and go back to the motel. She said as much to him.
“No it won’t Dean, because I choose you, always you.” Dean kissed him, he hadn’t known he was going to do it, until his tongue bumped against Cas’ lips and then it was too late to turn back. Cas’ tongue touched his and Dean let out a soft moan. Cas pushed him away “are you sure, Dean?”
“I’ll get Madame’s nappy changed, come back to bed Sherlock” John raised his eyebrows at him, “It’s four in the morning, even you need to sleep.”
“Well be careful what you wish for, Hamlet ended up dead.” Cas went very quiet, he must have given some kind of out ward sign because Chris shook herself awake and he found himself trapped by that dark gaze.
“Choirboy, I don’t have a choice” she turned away, Cas may have screamed her name, he could never recall later. He made a wild grab for her wrist and squeezed, feeling sick as the bones ground and broke. The arch angel blade slipped from her nerveless fingers, it clattered against the floor. Cas made a grab for it and missed. She swung a fist at him which he dodged and dragged her against him, restraining her with an arm around her throat.
“So had to be done by a non-demon, the devils traps at least, maybe Asmodeus has a witch on the payroll.” Sam suggested.
“I’m not sure how to achieve that.” He looked confused, Chris smiled and grabbed the knot of his tie.
“and now I know we are related” Gabe grinned and planted a sloppy kiss on his blonde. Chris turned back to Sara, the girl had a pretty heart shaped face and big grey eyes.
“Possibly, it’s Cas who knows what kind of repressed bullshit goes on inside that nerdy little angel brain of his.” Dean cracked open another bottle from the six pack on the table, “Maybe he just needs to get laid” he grinned at Sam.
“Oh no, missy you are staying right here!” Gabe snapped his fingers a second bottle of bourbon appeared in front of Chris, she glared at Gabe.
“You have no idea” Cas told him with a wink and tossed a load of mushrooms into the pan. Dean made a sound half way between a groan and a laugh.
“Actually Lieutenant yes. But first I want to discuss your future, Mr Worf asked me to talk to you.”
A grey fog over bleak hills and Chris lying at her feet asleep on wet grass, “Get up, child.” Chris stirred eyes blinking in confusion.
“Hear what, Chris ?” Dean asked her softly, she wasn’t even seeing at him. Dean shook her shoulder a little, “Chris”. He didn’t like the glassy, vacant look in her eyes, “Chris!”.
“What are you going to tell him?” Cas felt sudden shame, he hadn’t told Jack about any of this, some parent he was.
Fiona’s cottage was still dark when Cas pulled the land rover up outside. “looks like the power is still out.” Fiona, didn’t answer she just clutched the bag of candles the land lord of the pub had given her and stared round eyed at the black windows. Cas gave her an encouraging smile, “Come on.”
“You know what, Doc? I don’t think I am” he could almost see Charlie still, no it wasn’t her. It was just the way the light fell.
“because you need to stop, please just stop. This isn’t you!” a last chance, Cas saw her hesitate. “He is going to pay, for all of it”
“Shut up Sammy! So what was it hmmm? Was it a love spell? Or did you just flash your cleavage at him!”
Asasa shook her head at the disappearing angel and pulled her niece into a hug detaining her. “I love you child and yes I think he does love you, but he is not for you.”
“That’s up to your brother, if his psyche evaluation is clean, he will be court marshalled. He did strike a superior officer.”
“what’s got his panties twisted?” Cas heard Sam mutter as he walked away, the comment infuriated him. He paused and turned back for a moment.
“Cas please don’t, I should have known Asmodeus would try something,” it was too much, Cas tried to turn away, Chris sensed his urge to run and gripped his trench coat stopping him, “Cas, please can you just-”
“Yes i know, a heart murmur. I was going to call in the mountain rescue boys with their helicopter when we got downstairs.”
“Just bonding Cas.”He shared another haunted glance with Chris, and plastered a silly smile on his face. “you want me though, I can tell.”he raised an eyebrow a clear message to ‘play along’.
“Sammy going home may not be the best idea, Chris knows that’s where we live. I should call Jack tell him to get out of Dodge” Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket and swore, the screen was cracked. Cas scooped his blade off the floor, flipped it and stowed it in his jacket.
“maybe, I’ll leave you to get dressed,” Once he had shut the door behind him he groaned, Dean had been right-A horror movie indeed.
Cas was stood behind her he had not knocked just opened the door silently and stood there waiting for her to acknowledge his existence, she could feel his gaze on the back of her neck. “I promise I’ll be home soon, then we can talk.” she pressed the phone closer to her ear.
“Come in” he managed to mutter and staggered to his feet. The doors slid open and there was Castiel, his face creased with concern.
“No, just me now.”She was still looking out the window, “My Dad died about five years ago, Cancer of all things. After all those years hunting it seemed hardly fair. My little sister and her family are also..”
“Go to sleep Cas, Beregida” she whispered kissing his forehead softly, he went lax in her arms. With newly discovered strength she laid him in the bed, pulling the covers round gently. “I have to go. I love you blue eyes” She picked up his trench coat and slipped it on. “But I think I am going to have to save myself, I need to go home.” Home, she thought and closed her eyes.
“So kill me or lock me away like you did Lucifer, because if you take my child from me again I will stick my blade in my own heart and go into the empty like my little brothers.” with a flick of her wrist she pulled her sword from her sleeve and placed the point over her heart.
“Wait.”He looked down at Chris, stroked her cheek. Her eyes opened slowly “Are you alright?” he asked her.
Cas was lying in bed watching dust dance in the sunlight. Chris was curled up asleep next to him her hand resting on his chest. Occasionally he felt drawn to look at her and when he did a wave of something new overwhelmed him and he had to smile. So was this love then? He’d thought he knew, but this was different from love of god or family or friends. He looked at her again and felt his smile get wider. His phone rang and she stirred opening her eyes.
“I know Cas, I know.” Dean mumbled, he had to look away. The intensity of that gaze always made his throat go dry. Not for the first time, he wondered if Cas had had the same reaction while staring into Chris’ eyes and the jolt of pure jealousy the thought inspired took him by surprise. Sam sat down at the table and shot Dean a ‘shut the hell up’ glare.
“I know, it’s just-” Cas paused staring into space, “I don’t want him to be right, I don’t want to be responsible for breaking yet another person I love.”
Cas read the message and his throat went dry, this was it then. He could hear Chris humming to herself in the kitchen. He couldn’t wait, he followed the sound finding his way to a large room dominated by an old fashioned range and a scrubbed oak table. Chris was standing by the sink rinsing out a vase, Cas loitered by the door frame and watched her. She had tied her thick wavy hair into a messy bun, his fingers itched to pull out the ribbon and watch it fall down her back.
It was maybe ten minutes into the awkward silence that threatened to go on all night, that Sam decided enough was enough.“So your aunt is a witch?”
“Chris, please.” An edge of pain in his voice, consternation filling those sea deep eyes. She laid a finger over his lips.
“I’m here Dean” Cas walked in the kitchen, carrying two brown paper bags. “I was getting the groceries from the car.” he added by way of explanation.
“What did you call me Davy Mcleod!” Fiona’s hands had balled into fists and she took a step towards the circle, Cas blinked in surprise.
“A little yes.” Dean made himself smile at Cas then sank back into his chair and ignoring Sam’s look of horror, thumped his booted feet on to the table top.
“I just wanted it to stop” she muttered, Cas didn’t answer. He kissed her forehead, she felt it then. His love, his fear of losing her. Carefully she touched his ravaged cheek and let the golden light pull the skin together smoothly.
“Oh I don’t think so missy” As her fingers closed on the gun, the ghoul grabbed her wrist and snapped it. Chris let out a low scream through gritted teeth and tried to head butt him. “oh the things I’m gonna do to you” his tongue flicked his lips.“I bet, you are going to taste sweet and cause you killed my brothers, We will have a little extra fun before I tear out that pretty little heart of yours hmmm?” He sunk his teeth into her shoulder. Chris struggled and managed to jam her knee into the ghouls crotch, she saw his eyes widen then he was wrenched away from her.
“You and Dean, you are close aren’t you?” she asked when they pulled off the highway and on to the scrubby road leading to her house.
“Nice Cas, classy.” Sam was trying to lighten the mood, Cas wished he wouldn’t. Sometimes he thought humanity needed to learn when to shut up.
“What about you?, will it hurt you?” Cas considered lying, anything to drag them both out of this remembered hell.
“Okay, maybe you should do it.” Chris dragged the words out of herself, she glanced up defiantly at Gabriel, who looked confused.
Sherlock couldn’t sleep, it was one of those nights when his brain would not shut down. Ignoring the cramps in his legs he lay as still as he could and listened to John’s snores. He was loathe to disturb his slumbering husband, he knew John had had a busy day in sickbay, but he could sense the mania beginning to cloud over his mind. That feeling as his neurons fired too fast and his skull seemed too small, he felt wrong. Carefully he shifted onto his back, stretching his toes out, trying to focus on bodily sensation the way Counsellor Troi had shown him. It didn’t work, not this time, his mind had other ideas. He gave in swinging his legs out of bed as smoothly as possible. He paused by their daughters crib; Rosamund was sound asleep, fists waving in some infant dream, satisfied Sherlock padded into the living room and sat himself down at his desk.
“We can’t let you do that.” Dean dragging himself over the bar and pointing a gun at Chris, “Angel killing bullets, won’t kill you, but will slow you down.” Chris shook her head sadly, she glanced at Cas.
“Does that make you Buffy? Didn’t she have a boyfriend called-” Sam turn to smirk, Dean pulled a face.
“Now tell me something Castiel where is my niece? And why have you brought the Winchester boys to my home?”
“Cas, please-” Her voice was breathy with need, Cas slipped his fingers under the already damp fabric, sliding over her clit making her buck against him. Cas was hard, his body aching in deep pleasurable anticipation. He pushed a finger inside her, she was warm and wet, he made a desperate noise. Chris turned to face him, she cupped his face in her hands and kissed him deeply. “where did you learn that Choirboy?”
“There may not be anything you can do. You all heard what Ariela said only God can fix me and I don’t think Grand-daddy is all that interested.”
Cas made another pot of coffee while he waited for Fiona to come downstairs, senses alert for any change in the atmosphere. A quick inventory of the kitchen cupboards furnished him with a packet of salt and he had retrieved an iron poker from where it had fallen under the unlit Christmas tree. Basics for ghost fighting, he leaned the poker up against the fireplace within easy reach should he need it. As he straightened up a photograph on the mantel caught his eye. Fiona looking somewhat younger in a white wedding dress and standing next to her, smiling broadly the man he had seen upstairs. He picked up the picture carefully, tipping it towards the light so he could confirm what his eyes were seeing.
“Sleep” Cas let out a sigh “I found it the most difficult thing falling asleep, but I miss it now. Too sleep”
“Look, I don’t get what this thing is with you and Cas and I know things are complicated-” He stopped, feeling torn between his brother and his best friend, “what I mean is, I had this friend and I always hoped we’d be more than that-but she died. I really wish I’d grabbed that opportunity.” Chris squeezed his hand and then pulled him into an unanticipated hug, Sam was starting to see what cas liked about this woman.
“Who knows? We don’t know where Gabriel has been all this time, there is a chance that he is an unwilling participant.”Cas exchanged a concerned look with Dean.
“What are you doing in my bedroom? And where the hell have you been!” he demanded realising he was awake.
“Yeah I remember that, felt good,” Dean grinned, Sam was not laughing though. “Come on Sammie, he had it coming.”
The snow was even deeper than when they left, the wind seemed to be trying to drive them away from the house. The short walk to the back door became a fight against the elements and the door itself was swollen shut. Cas had to throw his shoulder against it just to open it enough for them to squeeze inside. The instant they were through it shut with a  tremendous bang! That rattled the windows and caused snow to fall down the chimmney. “Maybe this is a bad idea” Fiona whispered as she huddled next to Cas, snow sliding off her jacket to melt on the floor.
Dean sprawled on the couch, a heavy antique tumbler of prohibited scotch in his hand. He drank it down in one gulp and poured himself another. The meeting with the doctor, with Castiel, had stirred up a bunch of memories that he really did not want to deal with. He twisted the glass, watching the light sparkle in the cut edges. The slivers of brightness reminded him of sparks, embers dying, remembered screams echoed in his mind. He closed his eyes and willed the memory away, concentrating on the feel of the glass in his hand. “I’m sorry”, he told the lurking shadows. There was a swoosh as the doors opened and Sam breezed in.
“I don’t need your pardon” Chris flapped her wings, twisted her body, reached up and snatched Ariela’s blade from its sheath. The archangel scrambled backwards in sudden panic, Chris advanced on her mother trapping her against the counter. She tested the weight of the long blade nonchalantly, almost smiling.
