When he goes back into the apartment, he takes his things and leaves without a word. He does this as Steve Rogers: irrational, reckless, can't breathe.
Steve’s head is hazy, light, like it might float away from his body. He has so much to say, to explain, to beg to be believed.
He doesn’t know if he’s right, but he does know that he doesn’t have the time to think of the consequences if he’s wrong.
One minute. Ten seconds. Two hours. Steve doesn’t know how long it takes him to regain his senses, clean himself as much as he can, and get dressed. He slips silently into the driver’s seat, looks at Tony out of the corner of his eye, his head rested against the cold window, eyes closed and skin flushed. In a thin voice he hears him say:
The breathing at the end of the other line becomes harsh and fast like Tony can’t get enough air. He tries to hear past that, to focus on the background noises to get an idea of Tony’s whereabouts.
After everything he survived, after beating death and Thanos and death again, it would make sense that Steve’s war god complex would see him as the final battle. It’s scary that he is ready to let him win. But Steve’s response is to change his demeanor from irritated to amused.
He hears the words over Natasha and Clint's bickering, over Sam's snorts, over the erratic beat of his heart.
This is how the world sees The Avengers: they rise, they fall, they disappear, and then they rise back again.
“You left,” Tony accuses, but he doesn’t actually believe his eyes completely. He had been drinking that evening, nothing hard, just wine, but he has become a lightweight in his old age. The bottle of wine is still on his hand, barely empty by then, grounding and solid. He looks at it, looks back at Steve, and throws it right at his head, half convinced that it would go through him like a hologram.
They are left breathing heavily into each other’s mouths. The air one releases becoming the air the other inhales.
He curls his finger slowly over the steering wheel. His tongue is dry, his bottom lip is trembling, and his palms are damp.
“You’re not mad at that,” Steve replies, putting his bloody hands up. It says a lot about how unbothered he has always been with what he became that he never tried cleaning himself up before showing up at Tony’s. “You’re mad that I left”
The bodies start appearing again, a trail of missing lives across Europe with no recognizable pattern, and the scenes are always messy and unsophisticated. It is almost always bad blood, that much Tony will give him, but it doesn’t take away the gruesome of his work and the fact that the rules of who gets to live or die are only known by Steve himself — everyone else is playing catch with a mouse they never bothered to make a trap for.
Steve calls Tony again from a shabby gas station. The night has become darker, the streets looking isolated. He can’t tell how much time has passed, yet he feels as if he’s running out of time.
He breathes in. Breathes out. Drinks in the sight of Tony being in front of him. Takes a step forward and Tony immediately takes a stumbling step back, keeping the distance clear between them.
“I-“ Tony starts but he is interrupted by his own moan breaking free when Steve’s fingers brush his nipples.
He unbuckles Tony’s pants with clumsy, desperate hands. Tony’s head drops in the curvature of his neck, his lips softly brushing against his pulse point, soft gasps escaping them.
It’s not how he meant to say it for the first time – he’d planned a grand romantic date for it, a rare chance to pamper and indulge Tony like he loves doing. Not this, an impromptu confession rushing out of him because he doesn’t want to hold it in any longer.
“Yeah, I saw a shop selling these, and I couldn’t resist. I got Thor a Hulk hoodie too. We all know who his favorite Avenger is. The store-owner said they’ll restock the other ones soon.”
“Well, is it working?” Steve asks, trailing his lips over the sensitive spot on Tony’s neck, grinning when he hears Tony’s breath stutter.
“I was thinking that the boulder was coming straight at you and you were going to be crushed,” Tony replies dryly, wincing as Steve presses a little harder on a deep cut on his forehead in retaliation.
He wants to be the one there with Tony, laughing at his jokes and dancing with him, wants to be the one to hold his hand, and the one he looks at first every time.
Tony doesn’t know exactly when he fell in love with Steve, only that he has. And tonight he’s made a deal with himself: a chance at one kiss, a chance to see if Steve might want everything Tony wants.
Steve hears his voice crack at these last words, the hurt of Tony’s accusation finally puncturing through his anger.
He clicks the top article. The link takes him to a page with the same screaming headline. Steve scrolls down. His finger halts on the screen, covering the edge of the picture that shows Clint taking a bite of cake straight from Tony’s fingers.
“She’s not wrong,” Tony adds with a wink, and Steve feels his face heat with a blush, even as he knows Tony’s just flirting for laughs. He doesn’t mean it, not the way Steve wants him to, but that doesn’t mean Steve is unaffected by it.
When Thor makes a play for the remote so he can go back to watching his soap operas, Steve almost hugs him.
He imagines trying to explain it, the way he feels when he sees Tony put away the job for a little while and smile just for himself, when he spots Tony looking at him across their campfires and how he’s still trying to figure out how to express that through his art. Something very much like panic lodges itself in his ribs, though he’s not sure why.
Tony’s face brightens when sees everyone else camping out in Steve’s room. “What are you all doing here? Janet Van Divine!” He clambers onto Steve’s bed to give Jan a hug, before flopping back on the bed. Jan gives his head a fond pat in response.
“Yep. Long day, long meetings. You don’t want to know more. I have no idea how Pep puts up with more of those than I do. And she can run circles around the Board.”
“You wanna tell a bit about your project first before we go over your ideas? Jan mentioned it’s a costume design project for Midsummer Night’s Dream but she didn’t go into the details.”
“Last week when you were on the tail-end of that three-day bender fixing Mark XI, you came into the kitchen, kissed me on the cheek, and called me sunshine.”
“I will give you a choice.” Death’s voice turns honey-sweet for a moment, with a tinge of laughter. “Perhaps they will call me merciful, for a change.”
A part of him had yearned to take the leap and make a move to find out if maybe Tony might feel the same, yearned to close the distance.
“Please. Just tell me what you want.” His shield falls to the ground with a dull thud. The despair in his chest is thicker this time at the sound, but no less painful than when Steve first heard it in a cold Siberian bunker.
The way Steve is saying his name right now, hushed and reverent, sends goosebumps up Tony’s arms. The moment hangs between them, crystal-bright and beautiful, and Tony swallows hard, keeping his eyes fixed on Steve.
Tony’s heart thunders in his throat, and he wonders if it’s about to give out on him. Forty-three years on this planet, one too many near-death experiences, and this is how Tony’s gonna go.
“You know, I really think we should make this a standing appointment. Sundays, five pm, our own lonely hearts club,” Foggy muses.
Steve thinks of how he’s felt around Tony for the past few months, everything he’s tried to brush aside and hide from because he didn’t understand it, or didn’t know how to.
There had been Peggy, and one long summer of thinking about her and wondering if she also felt the same way he did, excited and fluttery whenever they hung out. But she had moved away before the start of the new school year, and nothing came of it other than what was now a steady friendship sustained over emails and the occasional call.
“Well, I know of him,” Nat’s mouth pulls up in a tiny grin. “I worked with Matt Murdock for that statistics presentation last year. He worked hard, didn’t say much, but when he did, Foggy’s name was like every third word out of his mouth.”
Tony blinks as his gaze focuses on Steve, taking in his disheveled state. “You’re… wet. Why are you wet?”
“I’m sure you weren’t expecting to talk someone through a big realization today, but thank you for giving me the words.”
“Yeah, you know, I could get dressed up in a suit, or whatever you want, and you could draw me,” Tony says, reaching up to loosen the knot of his tie and leaning back with a sigh. “I’m at your disposal.”
“You asked me earlier why would I care if you were gone. I’d care, Tony, because I love you. I’m in love with you.” Steve sees the surprise break over Tony’s face and lowers his eyes to the floor again before continuing. “I was jealous when I watched you and Nat go undercover as a couple, though I didn’t figure it out until afterwards. When I saw you two dancing, I realized how much I wanted to be the one dancing with you, to be with you for real. It’s why I’ve been avoiding you so much.”
“Whoa, Cap, you okay? Did you accidentally eat some of Hulk’s peanut butter this morning and now you’ve got rage powers too?” Clint asks, striding over to inspect the damage. He sounds concerned, but also like he’s trying to hold back a laugh.
“I was scared. Terrified that I wouldn’t be able to protect you when you needed me the most. When I woke up and realized that Red Skull had escaped, I knew he’d be after you. And then the comms were dead and I didn’t, didn’t know if
Steve cancels plans to go see that new spy movie with Tony, asking JARVIS to tell Tony that he’s feeling under the weather.
“You do remember I know you, right? Plus you haven’t been able to take your eyes off him for the past twenty minutes.”
Hell, even with Rhodey here, he’s having a lot of trouble coming up with reasons why he shouldn’t do just that.
Tony laughs and wraps a hand in Steve’s shirt to pull him closer. “You’re a menace, you know that?” His tone softens with a clear honey-drop of happiness.
Steve reaches for another glass of champagne. He really, really wishes he could get drunk right now.
Across from him, he sees Tony’s smirk widen and Sharon raises her red cup to him in salute. It’s her turn to set the dare, and Steve knows she’s not going to waste her chance. Thor beams and raises his own glass to Steve. “A fair choice, Captain!” he exclaims.
Steve sighs and tears at a corner of the napkin. It’s a decent enough sketch at first glance, but there’s still something missing, perhaps something in his smirk or hooded gaze.
The sight he’s greeted with, Tony in an old MIT shirt and sweatpants, is a familiar one, something he sees almost daily. And yet, when he looks at Tony, Steve’s heart starts racing and he feels his palms sweating, a mixture of panic and desire enveloping him from head to toe. For a second, Steve’s torn between the urge to slam the door in Tony’s face and the urge to slam him against the door and kiss him senseless, before sanity takes over.
“She caught me in the kitchen wearing your shirt. I tried to tell her it was to make fun of your ridiculous fashion sense, but I don’t think she bought it.”
Tony murmurs quietly in assent. Steve tries not to grin at the sight of a napping Tony clutching at the collar of his jacket, but when he catches Nat studying him out of the corner of his eye, he knows it’s a lost cause.
Tony wants that—wants to be marked by Steve. He wants to see red marks on his skin and know that Steve left them there, that he’d wanted Tony too much to hold back and be polite with his desires, that he, Tony Stark, could make Steve lose some of his carefully curated control.
Steve feels his limbs go loose as he sinks into his chair in shock, the realization breaking over him.
“That’s okay,” Tony replies, with a soft expression. A teasing glint sneaks into his gaze, one that Steve knows is going to keep driving him crazy. "You can make it up to me."
Tony lets out an indignant noise of disapproval. “Of course I could. This is just easier.” He points at Steve, forefinger wobbling a little. “And, and this way… this way you get the benefit of my sparkling company.”
“I wouldn’t miss it.” Foggy promises. “And what about you? Have you given any more thought to your own romantic entanglements?”
Foggy leans back in his chair, surveying Steve for a moment. “But first, we should order because I’ve had about four good hours of sleep and I need caffeine in my system.”
“Hmm,” Tony makes a non-committal noise as he steps into the circle of Steve’s embrace, making space for himself between Steve’s thighs. “Maybe.”
“Yeah, Winghead. You better believe it.” Tony’s eyes are sparkling with the same elation Steve knows is written all over his own face, and the truth of it settles into Steve’s bones.
“I mean, even if I didn’t have these feelings,” Foggy says, “and boy, do I wish I didn’t, I don’t do blind dates.”
Steve strokes one broad hand down Tony’s waist, as if wanting to calm him. A quiet sigh escapes Tony’s lips as he leans into Steve.
“I think you’ve gotten it wrong,” Tony says, smirking, and Steve huffs a laugh into his hair. “After all, what’s yours is mine now. Which means I just took what rightfully belongs to me.”
What Tony really wants to do right now is answer Steve’s question by covering Steve’s mischievous, inviting mouth with his own and kissing him senseless. But that would mean conceding, and Tony Stark always plays to win.
Foggy shakes his head at Steve, grinning broadly. “Buddy, you’re preaching to the choir here. I’m head over heels for my best friend in the entire world and he has no clue.”
“If that’s what you’re upset about, we can go cake-tasting right now, Cap. They have this maple pecan vanilla cake I know you’ll love, the frosting is—” Tony’s words are stopped in their tracks as Steve settles a finger over Tony’s lips.
He jumps to his feet and blurts out something he’s pretty sure sounds like “finemaybelaterTonyseeyou” before hightailing it from the room.
Steve takes a deep breath. “Sort of. Yes, I think. I’m in love with Tony and I want to tell him right now.”
“I mean, we’re still taking it slow, or as slow as you can when you live together and you’re best friends, because of, you know, not wanting to ruin the best thing in my life and all that.”
“May I?” Tony asks, his voice a low murmur. Steve nods, looking at Tony like he never wants to look at anything else ever again, and Tony’s heart sings in his chest. His hand dips down as he moves the glasses off Steve’s face, brushing against Steve’s gorgeous mouth.
“Enough,” Steve answers finally, tightening his hand on the shield by his side. “I would give enough to change things.”
“There’s absolutely nothing wrong with you, Steve.” Foggy’s words are strong and firm, and Steve is thankful for that. He looks down, a lump forming in the back of his throat.
Maybe Tony doesn’t feel the same way, but there’s also a chance that he does. Steve doesn’t want to be chasing what-ifs for years to come.
“Yes.” The word emerges from Tony’s mouth like a bullet from a gun before he can do more than blink, and he can barely recognize his own voice, thick and throaty with want.
“When I realized he was the one person I wanted to tell all my secrets to, and that making him smile was something I wanted to do every day,” he says after a long moment. “Also I really, really wanted to kiss him, and I’d never really felt that before,” Foggy adds wryly.
“Yeah, I’m fine Tony, thanks. I just haven’t been sleeping well lately,” Steve replies, eyes flickering to Tony’s gaze for a moment before dropping down to the floor again.
Steve shakes his head. “I think this is the first time I’ve really put it properly into words. My friends are wonderful, and it’s not that I thought they wouldn’t be supportive if I said anything, but it always felt like something that I couldn’t explain, or just a problem I needed to figure out on my own.
Steve wraps his arms around Tony’s chest and kneels down behind Tony, who is sitting cross-legged on the quad, kissing his boyfriend firmly on the cheek.
“Sir is in his office, Captain Rogers, but he is currently tied up with an urgent matter with Ms. Potts,” JARVIS says, sounding almost apologetic in his reply.
He tells her his request. The words fall quickly from his lips after being carried around for so long, a careful secret tucked in the corner of his mouth. Once Steve’s finished, it almost feels like he’s lost something, like she’s rummaged around in his chest and stolen something important.
His voice stutters at the end of his question, and if Steve didn’t know any better, he’d say Tony’s blushing.
Tony has been very busy with Stark Industries meetings for the last couple of weeks, so they've barely seen each other. Before Steve left on his mission, he made it a point to be in the kitchen every day after his morning runs, just to see and spend a few minutes with Tony. Despite his exhaustion, a smile spreads across Steve’s face as he remembers the look of sleepy contentment on Tony’s face whenever he takes his first sip of coffee in the morning, grinning at Steve over his kitten mug.
Over the next few days, Steve uses up so many pages of his sketchpad that he ends up having to buy a new one.
Steve nurses his drink as he turns in his seat to survey the crowd behind him. They’ve been trying to track down the possible location of an alleged secret map to the ruins of Camelot for weeks, though Steve thinks it’s more than likely another false rumor. Tony had asked Steve along for this meeting with an informant, but Steve had lost him in the crowd soon after they walked in.
Tony will never understand it, but he can appreciate the sight of Steve’s chiseled forearms whenever he rolls up his sleeves to help out with the cooking or to draw in his sketchbook. He supposes that’s adequate compensation. The choice of comfort over style isn’t entirely lost on Tony either, who knows he looks like a right mess whenever he’s in the workshop.
“Really? I never noticed, even after two years of dating. I’m stunned. Someone should call up the Daily Bugle and give them the scoop, this is completely new information.”
" The clear affection in Tony’s voice is a balm to Steve’s racked nerves, and the idea of tipping his head up and tasting the laughter from Tony’s lips is more than a little tempting in that moment.
The hot touch of Steve’s mouth to the pulse point of Tony’s wrist has Tony freezing in place. He feels warm all over. All he wants for the rest of his life is the touch of Steve’s mouth on his skin.
Steve presses a soft kiss to the back of Tony’s palm, letting his lips linger on the warm skin. “Never.”
Tony’s smile is warm and sweet underneath his. Steve doesn’t think he’s ever felt happier when they part for breath minutes later.
For the rest of the night, Steve feels subdued, distracted by Tony’s words playing on a loop in his head.
“We cleared out early, so I figured I’d pop by, see how everyone was up to. You, I haven’t seen in months, Stark.” The teasing glint in Sharon’s eyes undercuts the steel in her voice at the last sentence, and Tony slumps against her, huffing out a half-apologetic laugh. “I know, I know, I keep rescheduling on you, I’m sorry. I promise I won’t, next time.”
Sam turns to Steve with an encouraging smile, leaning back in his chair in front of the computers. “It’ll be alright, Cap. Looks like no one suspects a thing.”
When JARVIS passes on a message from Tony about grabbing lunch with him, Steve tells JARVIS he needs a raincheck.
“God. You were out for fifteen hours, Steve, and it was a while before the serum kicked in. I thought, I thought—”
“Of course not. Who do you take me for? I’ve been ogling that eye-candy for months, please. But that was the first time she caught me staring with, you know,
Steve waits. He bows his head, but even prayer seems lacking here as he stands in front of Death with his hands empty, his body aching.
As if sensing his thoughts, Death pierces the silence between them. Her voice reverberates in the open space, deeper than before. “If you cannot choose, then you must learn to live without him.”
He surges to his feet in one movement and grasps Foggy’s hand quickly, returning the smile. “Yep, in the flesh. It’s good to meet you, Foggy.”
Tony and Rhodey joined them for the movies earlier, and Steve had spent much of that time distracted by the small sliver of space between him and Tony as they sat next to each other on the bed. Almost touching but not quite.
Steve smiles back at her, feeling himself relax at the note of laughter in her voice. The anxiety that had opened up in his chest and chased him out here a  few minutes ago loosens its grip on him a little. He tips his head back, letting out a small sigh.
“What was it again? Right, Jurassic World, that was awful. I’m surprised we weren’t thrown out, especially when you did that thing with your—”
Nat moves over to press a kiss into his hair before resting her head on his shoulder. “I’m glad you have this now, Steve.”
“We were just fooling around. He insisted that I show him some moves, even though he knows I have two left feet.”
Tony skids to a halt in front of the couch Steve is currently sitting on, feeling his stomach fall to his feet.
“Hey, babe. Sorry I’m late, we ran overtime for the meeting and someone from the Board cornered me afterwards. I think it was Jones. I’ll sic Pepper on him next time. But anyway, we’re on our way back now.”
Steve’s grin turns rakish. “Now, I believe you said something about being ravished. I’d hate to break a promise on my birthday.” He flips them over, pinning Tony to the couch in one quick move, biting back a shudder when Tony wraps his legs around his waist.
“Steve? What’s wrong?” Tony asks, his gaze fixed on Steve. He doesn’t sound exasperated now, just quietly and achingly confused.
“Proud of you, man,” Sam tells him, his eyes crinkling up in the corners as he smiles. Steve returns his offered fistbump with a grin.
“Nervous, huh?” Sam asks, and there’s something in his tone that Steve can’t quite put his finger on. “You sure that’s all it is, Cap?”
Steve’s wearing glasses with thick black frames and round lenses, and they shouldn’t look right on him, but they do.
He watches as Tony wraps his arm around Natasha’s waist as he makes conversation with one of the guests, who Steve recognizes as Trevor Banks, one of the people they suspect as being tied to the black market activity. Natasha leans in to Tony’s space easily, placing one hand on his shoulder before taking hold of his champagne glass and stealing a sip. Tony laughs and kisses her on the cheek, before moving even closer to whisper sweet nothings into her ear—
Tony spins to his right and meets Sharon’s amused gaze. His fingers relax as he places his drink down on the table. “Hey, stranger.”
“It’s not you, Steve, it’s me!” Steve jumps back as Tony stalks in front of him, looking furious. There’s something painful in Tony’s eyes that Steve wishes he could wipe away, but all he can manage in the moment is to gape at Tony in wide-eyed astonishment.
At least Steve’s not looking at him right now and can’t see just how much of a mess he’s made of Tony just with a freaking
“I wanted you to be that person too,” Steve says, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist. “I’ve had feelings for you for months, but I was confused because I’ve only felt like this with you, and I thought I didn’t understand romance, that I was doing it wrong.
Steve grins. “Aren’t you a genius? I would have thought the great Tony Stark could easily engineer a way to get through a locked door with his eyes closed.”
and I can’t think straight for two seconds!” Tony’s sleepless nights are now consumed by the thoughts of how Steve’s stubble would feel against Tony’s skin, the sweetest kind of beard that would leave Tony gasping out loud, wanting more. Always wanting more. He’s dreamed of reaching one hand out to stroke the bristly, dark golden hairs on Steve’s chin and gripping his face for a kiss, hot and deep, before Steve continues his way downwards on Tony’s body, leaving more than one mark behind.
Steve groans loudly. It’s partly for dramatics, but it’s also because Johnny Storm is an annoyingly smug pain in the ass who likes to tell anyone willing to listen that he’s much handsomer than Steve.
“I’m fine, Buck. I have something to tell you guys.” He takes a deep breath. “It’s a good thing, I just needed some time to wrap my head around it.”
He takes one long look at Tony, noting the minute details - the sweep of Tony’s eyelashes against his cheek, the sharp jut of his chin, the movement of his throat as he tosses back another sip of whisky from his flask before leaning against Jim with a grin. Steve bites his lip and puts pencil to paper for one more try, pressing very lightly on the page.
“I still don’t mind waiting. I just hope that when it happens, it’ll be important. I don’t want to have a first kiss just so I can cross it off my list of life experiences. And I want it to be with someone who really wants my first kiss too.”
“Yep,” Tony says, shifting a little until he’s snuggled up under Steve’s arm with one leg draped over Steve’s. “They’re your cufflinks. I borrowed them last week and added a little something.”
“You’re not getting rid of me that easily.” This time, Steve does indeed get to taste Tony’s laughter with a kiss, biting down hard enough on Tony’s bottom lip to elicit a moan.
Steve watches the edge of Tony’s mouth as it turns up in a grin, shoving aside the very strong and sudden urge to lean over and kiss the corner of it and run his hands through Tony’s hair.
It would be easy to excuse it as practice, of course. He’s done enough sketches of Jim and Pepper for this not to seem out of the ordinary. But for some reason, a part of Steve balks at anyone else seeing these attempts, especially Tony.
When they part, both panting for breath, Tony's eyes are half-lidded and dark. The sight sends a hot spike of lust through Steve as he adjusts his grip on the back of Tony’s neck. He’s about to lean in again for another taste of Tony’s lush, delicious mouth, when Tony moves in first to kiss Steve hard and fast before he’s pulling back again.
It feels like too much all of a sudden, like everything Steve is feeling for Tony is on the verge of overflow. There’s too much love in his heart to keep it all in.
“Cap, what—” As Tony whirls around in surprise, a wrench in one hand, Steve storms up to him in long strides, stopping only a few steps away from Tony. He can feel his hands shaking even as they’re clenched in tight fists, and his voice is unsteady when he finally finds his words, a wave of anger still threatening to overwhelm him.
“Steve. Talk to me, honey. What’s wrong?” Tony’s voice is soft, tender. His hand moves away from petting Steve’s hair. Steve arches into the touch when he feels Tony’s hand now cupping his cheek, a murmur of satisfaction escaping him.
“I saw you dancing with Tony. You guys looked like you were having fun.” There’s a speculative note in her voice, and Steve feels his face heat a little, even though he knows there’s no reason to blush.
Of course, Steve’s met Carol; for a minute there he had thought that there might be something between them, but now he knows Carol and Rhodey are together, and Tony and Carol are just friends. Steve doesn’t like the idea of Tony being alone for so long, even if for some reason, the thought of a random stranger coming along and taking up Tony’s time and his laughter and his smiles makes something ache inside of Steve. Maybe it would take some time for him to adjust, but Tony is his best friend in the world, and all Steve wants is for him to be happy. That’s probably why he’s been acting so strangely watching Tony and Natasha together today. It’s an act, and Steve wants Tony to have the real deal.
Death nods. “If you choose his memories, he will wake up with no remembrance of you or your past together. He will feel nothing for you.
Tony’s eyes light up with excitement at the mention of the new exhibit, and Steve is almost tempted by the offer, until he remembers the gnawing feeling in his stomach. He can’t go out with Tony and pretend everything’s fine. Not yet.
Steve’s head snaps up. He opens his mouth to speak, but Tony’s expression is open and relaxed, far from accusatory, and Steve swallows the sharp retort of denial waiting on his tongue.
“Got it.” She grins and smothers a laugh before motioning in Steve’s direction. “I dare you to call Johnny Storm and tell him that not only are you a much prettier blond, you also have a nicer ass than he does.”
They had stared down at each other, caught in orbit, Steve’s arms warm and steady around Tony’s waist. If Clint hadn’t interrupted them with a loud hoot, Tony knows they would have tumbled over the line with no way to return. He tucks the pillow over his face to hide a blush at the direction his thoughts are taking.
“Stuff it,” Bucky retorts, but it’s mostly good-natured, and Steve sees him hide a smile behind his yawn.
“I’m here if you want to talk about it anytime, Cap,” Tony says, and Steve’s traitorous heart gives a pang at the softness in his voice. Which means nothing more than Tony expressing care for a friend, not that Steve’s heart wants to listen to logic.
He opens his mouth to say something, anything, when Tony straightens his shoulders and laughs. “Well then, I guess I gotta give the crowd what they want, yeah?” With a quick nod at Steve, Tony turns on his heel and heads in Clint’s direction.
He steps forward, only to be interrupted by an out of breath Clint barreling into the room. Steve watches as Clint spots the just-filled coffee mug in Tony’s hands and lights up.
All this time, Steve didn’t know his own heart until he saw Tony’s clearly. Now that he has, he doesn’t understand how it took him so long to see it when it was there all along.
“Anyway. Steve, what do you say? Foggy’s really sweet and I’ve talked his ear off about you all semester. I’m sure you guys would have a great time together.” Jan pushes her notes aside and gets off the bed, perching beside the window nook.
Steve laughs, and Tony sees him nodding in agreement out of the corner of his eye. “Bruce made his famous chili tacos.”
Steve ends up spacing out more than once during the following debrief, his mind stuck on the extremely enticing image of Tony in boxers. When he flees the room yet again once the debrief is finally over, he thinks wryly that this is beginning to feel like déjà vu.
They look good together - Natasha and Tony - and it’s easy to see why people would fall so easily for the story of Black Widow and Iron Man being a couple. Their banter is seamless as they exchange happy smiles and gaze into each other’s eyes. It’s so effortless, it almost seems real. Steve swallows hard, his throat tight. He knows Natasha’s been seeing Pepper for a while now, even if they’re keeping things relatively private, and that they’re happy together. He shouldn’t be dwelling on the idea of Natasha and Tony as a real couple because it will never happen. Still, the thought leaves a tight, uncomfortable feeling in Steve’s chest.
“You saved me, sweetheart. You told me to be brave, and that’s how I found the strength to use the arc reactor and stop it all. Without you, I don’t know if I could have done it.” Tony’s smile grows, and Steve’s fingers tighten around Tony’s hand. “You reminded me of what being a hero means.”
If he thought Steve was capable of knowing any other form of torture that didn’t consist of physical or brute force, he would think that he spared his body just to kill his soul. But he won’t give the asshole that much credit, so he just forces himself into the shower and pretends Steve never came to his house. Therefore, he never left.
“Uh,” Tony mutters at last, taking a seat beside Steve in his bed. They have their lives lying in each other's hands.
He tells himself he has earned the right to be delusional, to think that this is a good thing for as long as it lasts. He lets himself enjoy the sound of Steve’s loud laugh, his dry humor slipping between their conversations, the small smiles that are now sweeter and more prominent after he shaved that beard a few days ago. He can’t help it but to encourage every touch, every smile, and every look that Steve sends in his direction. He soaks into the feeling of having Steve’s blue eyes reflecting his own joy every time they exchange glances.
He gives a serious look at the reporters, promises that even though he retired, not a day goes by that he doesn’t worry about Steve Rogers’ actions, which is not necessarily a lie per se. But the feeling of so many trusting eyes on him, none of them holding the slightest doubt about what he can do, not when he practically died for them to live — makes the shame hit. At the end of the day, Tony has always been more inclined to be a sinner than a saint.
" Steve had said too fast to think about it properly and the whole team had turned to stare. He felt raw under their gazes. Felt the need to say more but also wished he hadn't said anything at all.
Tony moves forward searching for Steve’s mouth, their bodies pressing together. Branding the other’s skin with their fire.
It’s a three hour drive, Steve is confident he can make it in two. Maybe less. There are dark towering mountains to his side that almost seem to be getting higher and higher as he keeps driving faster and faster, and the phone keeps ringing and ringing.
scared, and he has had multiple nightmares over the years with scenarios way too similar to this, but unlike the night terrors, Steve is not looking at him with void eyes. The solid and very much real Steve hovering over him, has eyes filled with wonder, fascination and arousal so thick you can barely see the blue in them. Perhaps that makes all the difference.
Tony’s mouth is open, lips shaped and slightly blue, his eyes are dark and wide, the hint of a spark back in them. The first few buttons of his dress shirt are missing and his scars are noticeable, chest shining with a thin sheen of sweat.
Steve sucks in the cold air and exhales it slowly through his nose. He tries to think logically, to remember that Tony should know better at this point, tells himself that it’s anger bubbling in his chest instead of guilt. “That’s not how it works, Tony.”
Tony wavers. It is just for a second, but a second is more than enough for Steve Rogers to size up an opportunity and strike with his best shot. He runs at him and takes Tony down with the full force of his body, and the move is so fucking primitive that Tony is more annoyed at that than anything else for how it makes him lose his balance and breath.
Steve groans in frustration and starts the bike, driving out of the obscured parking lot with no clear direction in mind.
Tony, without giving it a second thought sucks on it, and suddenly there is electricity running between them, buzzing underneath their skins.
He remembers not many hours earlier, sitting on the couch with the team - what is left of it - all eyes glued to the TV, the heavy silence when Tony appeared on screen.
The sun is starting to rise. In another time, not too long perhaps, he would be parking in one of Malibu’s most expensive houses, not to mention the most sophisticated and beautiful.
But Tony sits quicker than Steve’s brain works. He has his black hair plastered against his sweaty forehead, falling just above his eyes. His eyes that are looking sharply at Steve. Brown. Powerful. Alive.
They don’t fuck that night, just share the bed and watch old movies that they don’t pay enough attention to, too focused in the other’s breathing. It should be awkward, but Tony hasn’t been more at peace in years. Obsessing over Steve has been such a constant in his life that having him here, obsessing back is weirdly comforting. Tony doesn’t have enough years in his life left for a therapist to sort that out, so he might as well just let it be.
are you?” Steve sounds angry because he is, he is angry at himself for not having asked sooner, for falling so easily down the rabbit hole that is Tony Stark.
he wants to say again, but as if sensing it, Tony covers his mouth with his. He kisses him slowly, sweetly, almost tastes like ‘
Tony hears him getting closer so he turns to face him, he looks tired, purple bags under his eyes, and lines that shouldn’t be on his face yet. But despite all that, those same tired eyes have a spark in them, a spark that screams: ‘I’m alive, I’m Tony Stark, I’m Iron Man.’ It makes Steve breathe easier, feels relief wash all over him.
he says at the end because they haven’t had a trace on him for too many days and they are worried he is plotting something bigger.
“You’re drunk,” he accuses instead. Steve curses himself, thinks Tony is going to hang up on him but instead he hears:
“I won’t leave you.” It’s a vow. No, a promise. A promise that Tony obviously doesn’t believe if the affronted look that he shoots Steve afterwards is anything to go by. It should be expected. It shouldn’t hurt so much.
With his sanity almost out of his grasp he notices a tiny lone figure just by the border of the abysm. Tony is curled over himself, knees pressed to his chest, his face hidden between them, shuddering visibly even from where Steve stands.
He gets out of the car, fear still on his tongue but confidence still present in his walk. He can’t see Tony anywhere.
“What is gone? Where are you?” He tries to push the desperation asidebut it’s useless, his senses are overloaded and the air isn’t reaching his lungs “Tony,
But to describe the Tony Stark that was right in front of Steve’s eyes: small, shaking, sweaty. Shoes missing, toes curling, cuts on his feet as if he had run and run and run until he had eventually collapsed.
He shouldn’t let himself be driven by his emotions when there is an objective to accomplish, but this is
He blinks up at the ceiling, and if he were stupid or weren’t Tony Stark he would ask Friday to double-check that, but he won’t insult the intelligence of his own AI. So he gets out of the bed and walks into the kitchen to find that Steve is, in fact, sitting with a coffee mug on his kitchen table.
Tony’s head starts lifting from where it was trapped between his legs. It’s slow. It’s painful. It’s an eternity until their eyes finally meet.
Steve sits on his bike, flips his second phone open - the one that only one person has the number of, the one that has never rung- and dials the only number saved.
"I'm afraid," Rhodes chokes out and this isn't the Colonel he's speaking to. It's a best friend who is desperate, a man afraid to lose someone he holds dear. And Steve, Steve gets it, he gets that desperation. He's felt it before, he's feeling it now. "He's been drinking so much. I- I don't know what he will do. I should hav-"
The world ended, and Tony made it start again. All of The Rouges’ charges were dropped — only for Steve to start compiling a set of new ones, only this time his crimes were bloodier, more worrying. They couldn’t be brushed off, not even by Tony, who was practically a saint for a new universal religion.
Steve is quick to catch him and support his weight, maneuvering Tony’s body to carry him bridal style.
“Do it then,” Steve whispers between them. And it is not challenging or mocking like Tony expects; instead, it is calm and accepting. For the first time since they met, Tony doesn’t see arrogance in Steve Rogers’ eyes.
At the current time, he is parking between ruins of destruction, the result of a battle field. There is nothing beautiful about war.
Steve blinks at him slowly, like he is coming out of the ice for a second time before chuckling and coming to lay down at Tony’s side, a pleased content smile on his face.
So Tony is scared because he will never fully stop fearing Steve, who has a blood count too high to keep a record of, who has fallen out of the universe’s highest pedestal and built himself a reputation of fear faster than any villain they had ever fought. But truth be told, at this moment that information seems irrelevant at best.
He thinks about the offer Tony made him once, his own floor at the tower. He wonders if he wouldn’t have been so caught up in his past, so blinded by his pride if maybe that could have become a home for the two of them.
His fingers wander underneath Tony’s shirt, barely touching the golden skin, his eyes filling with devotion as they discover every inch of the man above him.
With the phone secured inside his pocket, Steve makes his way to a small car parked under a broken streetlamp. Without having second thoughts or room for guilt, he focuses on making the car start. It doesn’t take long, it’s an ability that he has used more than twice, more times than he’s proud to share.
Tony moves to sit down properly, disturbing the dirt that had settled around him. He blinks slowly, eyelids heavy and eyes glassy, having obvious difficulties to focus on Steve. When he finally clears his vision, the corner of his mouth turns down and he stands up with a strength he is not supposed to have left.
Maybe in another universe Steve Rogers says no. Maybe in another universe they never burn the other this much, be it with desire or words or wounds.
,’ Steve thinks while Tony goes to sit in the passenger seat without a word, leaving Steve covered in sweat, cum, and tears. ‘
“I love you.” Tony confesses but doesn’t realize it until his own words are rigging on his ears. The repulsor starts to burn hotter.
“Tony,” Steve calls when he finds his voice. Lost it as soon as he saw the man who always looked larger than life, reduced to the shivering mess in front of him. “Hey, it’s me.”
Steve slams the phone against the dashboard, so hard that it causes the device to shatter. Broken pieces of it pierce his skin. Not that it matters much now because he thinks he might be right after all. The only thing that matters is whether he’ll make it on time.
Steve can hear the beach; the sound of the waves crashing against the shore. He can smell the salt of the ocean, and he counts on the waves to take him to Tony. He accelerates even more, so much time has passed that he’s started to lose his mind. Steve has learned a lot about self-destruction, Tony taught it to him every day.
“Did you see?” Tony asks, voice slurred followed by a dry chuckle, “Of course you did, but did you laugh? Did you laugh at me for being weak, Steve?”
"Then help me find him," Rhodes voice is firm, authoritative. Would be the voice of a Colonel if it didn't have that pleading edge to it. As if he was scared Steve would dare to say no. "He won't answer my calls, or Pepper’s but- but
When they kiss and Tony slips his tongue in the warmth of his mouth, he licks its insides softly and it is his favorite taste in the world. And when the night arrives again, and Steve’s body is pressed against his back, he closes his eyes and pretends the world is not burning up outside with a fire that the man he loves started.
Steve feels as if the floor is collapsing under him. The coast, the car, the skeleton of the house they all start spinning.
Tony’s tongue is hot in his, the faint taste of alcohol present on it. Steve licks, licks, and licks until it disappears for good. He does this until there is nothing but the intoxicating taste of Tony invading his senses.
The line connects, the click ringing in the silence that follows as Tony picks up. Blood rushes to his ears and panic settles on his chest.
He moves his hands to Tony’s ass, squeezing it hard, their moans mix and their movements coordinate and Steve feels like he might explode with the force of everything he is feeling. The rhythm of their movements quickens and the gasps and moans increase, getting louder.
Lately, all Tony does is pretend and pretend and pretend. He is used to doing it with the press and the public; he doesn’t own them a thing anymore. But pretending to Rhodey hurts, it’s not the first time that he has kept things from his friend to avoid conflict between what Tony feels is good, but Rhodey knows isn’t right. But above all, he is pretending to himself that everything is fine, and that is the most exhausting part.
he wants to say, but he thinks back at his conversation with Rhodey and all the choices he can but will not make.
Tony stands up and cracks a smart joke, Steve quirks a corner of his mouth up, and makes small talk on their way to the car.
Several hours later, when Tony wakes up alone, he is understandably worried at himself for being more disappointed at Steve for running off again than for having contemplated killing Tony the night before.
“You are angry,” Steve observes and raises an eyebrow at him as if Tony’s behavior is unacceptable, like they are back at the avengers’ tower and Tony is being purposely obtuse and not like Steve just showed up out of nowhere at his house after eight months on the run from every government’s law.
Steve bites his tongue and wishes, for a split second, it wouldn't heal as fast just so he could taste the blood.
He doesn’t get a reply, at least not a verbal one; he watches as Steve raises a hand and places it on his cheek, oddly serial-killer like, watching him with wide eyes and dilated pupils. He traces his bloody thumb softly on Tony’s lips, leaving a trail of blood on them, before he pushes it inside his mouth without a warning.
He digs his short nails into his palm, as if trying to desperately hold onto his control, and he can feel his pulse quickening at the same time that his temper begins to rise.
Tony works, eats, sleeps, and then works some more in the Tower. But it doesn’t feel right. Just like SHIELD’s apartment, Steve feels like the tower was never Tony’s home.
The phone crumbles under his hand. He is supposed to be Captain America: rational, honorable, and brave. But he dropped that part of him along with his shield in Siberia, left to freeze.
Truth be told, he doesn’t know what in fucks name Steve is looking to accomplish these days, other than disappointing millions and making himself to be multiple governments’ biggest threat since Thanos himself. Tony has stopped asking, and Steve, of course, has never said.
It's the darkest before dawn, and Steve's been driving for a while, concentrating on the white of the lane lines as they burn in the glare of his headlights before being swallowed beneath the car. It's numbing, and it's his intense focus that allows him to hold the car still when he jumps as the phone begins to ring. The sound is foreign, more so in the dark and silent night; Steve had only heard the tone once, when he set it up, and it'd been silent ever since - until now. He picks it up before the third ring.
Tony is not worried about death. He has seen it up close too many times for him to freak out about it like the regular folk, and right now he is fucked up enough to think if it would be right or poetic to be killed by the hands of his lifelong love.
” Tony sobs his name. The sound enters through his ear, travels down his veins, and crushes his heart. “It’s gone. I came here and I – I forgot. It’s gone, Steve.”
Tony grinds his teeth together, taking temporary refuge in another sip of coffee. He can tell by the gleam in Steve’s eyes what kind of reaction Steve expects from him. The part of him that’s exhausted by two all-nighters and three board meetings wants to give in, tell Steve that the beanie is an absolute disgrace and should not be allowed to grace anyone’s head, let alone the head of Captain America. The part of him that likes being challenged by Steve and likes to surprise him in return wants to play this differently.
Steve’s heart is pounding hard in his ears, to the point that he doesn’t think he would be hearing anything else if it wasn’t for the supersoldier serum. He turns his chair away from the screens for a moment, ignoring the worried faces of his other teammates.
Then, Steve lets go of his restraint and does what he’s been dreaming about for months; he kisses Tony.
Steve a little,” Nat allows, looking pointedly at Tony. “But if you think he doesn’t mean it, you’ve got another thing coming.”
“What, Tony?” Pepper asks, with the air of someone who is well aware of the answer but is still willing to play along for now.
Her voice trails off as Steve straightens, more than a little surprised. “No, we’re fine, everything’s fine.” Jan spares a glance at their surroundings.
Steve’s grinning down at Tony when he finally brings himself to tear his gaze away from Steve’s new acquisition. Tony feels his heart gallop in his chest at the dark, heated look in Steve’s eyes.
Natasha looks gorgeous in a floor-length strapless purple gown, and Tony looks very handsome as well in a grey tuxedo suit with a matching dark grey tie that Steve had helped him pick out before the mission. That’s no surprise, though. Tony looks good in pretty much anything, from a fancy suit to one of his greasy oil-stained tank tops. It’s why Steve finds himself drawing Tony so often, trying to capture the charm of Tony’s twinkling dark eyes and bright smile. It’s a good challenge for him as an artist.
“Anytime, Cap.” As always, Tony’s voice is modulated by the armor’s speakers, but Steve imagines he can hear a smile in Tony’s words.
“He’s my best friend, and my—” Matt cuts smoothly across Foggy’s words, one hand stretched in Steve’s direction, which Steve takes with a firm shake. “And his boyfriend,” Matt adds, with a small smile.
Tony thinks about denying it, but it seems like a lost cause at this point. “Is it that obvious?” he asks, hiding a wince.
Then, Steve’s thoughts are interrupted by his favorite voice in the world, the voice that makes Steve’s heart race like he’s just finished running a day-long marathon.
Steve sighs, not knowing what to say. Then, before his brain can catch up with his stupid mouth, he blurts out, “You went cake-tasting with Clint.”
Maria Stark pouted and released Steve to go to her son, squeeze his cheeks lovingly and fill him with kisses. Tony pouted in disgust.
“Hey," without opening his eyes, Tony called out to him and gently pulled his boyfriend's wet hair, “hey, wait. If we don't get out soon my mother will come looking for us.”
Tony was pissed. He was about to tell each of them to go bite a mistletoe and leave him alone when Pepper threw a little yell and pointed to a spot in front of them.
Steve didn't say anything, he just outlined one of those smiles that caused inexplicable shivers in the brunette. Well, the latter said to himself, none of that sounded like a lie. In fact, it sounded pretty real; but it was so incredible that he still didn't understand anything. And suddenly, out of nowhere, he thought, it could be… yes, it could be a Christmas miracle. Maybe Santa did exist, and he wanted to teach him a lesson about that date. Perhaps, he was inside a kind of Christmas story, where instead of showing him his past, present and future; they showed him a wonderfully constructed scenario to make him happy. Well, talking about happiness was too soon. Steve was very attractive, it was impossible not to feel attracted to him, but from there to feel love...
He was a strong guy, he was able get Tony's bags down without any problem, and return for him, who was still paralyzed in the middle of his living room, holding the plane tickets in his hands.
Christmas is the perfect pretext for a family reunion. Where hearts merge in harmony and love. The warmth of that feeling radiates, even, to the coldest of souls. Christmas moment of peace. Moment of...
Tony didn't know whether to feel fear or excitement. One thing was clear to him: He would stop asking him the what, the how and the why of that unheard of situation. He would accept it as it had been presented to him and also, why not? He would enjoy it.
“You are clever, Santa" Tony smirked at him "It is enough for me that he is handsome and kind... and has to have more than half a neuron”
“Did you have breakfast?” asked Maria “I can ask them to prepare you something quick, but delicious”
Aunt Elizabeth preferred to go sit down, and Maria offered to guide her to a safe seat. On the dance floor, only Tony, his nephew and niece, and Steve were left. The kids, without thinking, danced among themselves. Tony thought that that dance session would end there, but suddenly and without realizing how, he was back in Steve's arms.
Aunt Elizabeth opened the door, and Tony took the opportunity to hide behind Steve. His elderly aunt had come out with every intention of giving him her usual kiss under the mistletoe on the door. But the poor woman found the impenetrable wall that was Steve's torso.
He checked for the second time that the plane ticket was for the precise day and time, he had bought the return ticket as well, to avoid being forced to stay longer than necessary. Then, he decided to pack his suitcases and pack the gifts (all the same) he was taking with him. It was an atrocious trip, he always ended up tired and fed up. Luckily, on the plane they give courtesy drinks. He needed them urgently.
It gave him a stomach ache to see those stupid and innocent children in their double-lined jackets, singing horrendous songs, or trying to be the good kids that they weren't all year long, just so Santa Claus give them gifts. Damn self-interested brats.
“Good” Steve sighed with relief, before Tony finished assimilating his boyfriend's profession, he continued “But it's not the only thing I do, I like to draw, and I teach painting at the academy of a friend of mine; not always, only when I'm required. It's fun.”
“That looks like fun,” said Steve, pointing to the children, who ran with the colored sparks drawing strange shapes in the air.
The party ended when uncle Paul fell asleep on the couch and started snoring; and the children began to rub their eyes and yawn more frequently. Gregory took his children up to his room, while Maria woke uncle Paul and convinced him to go up to one of the guest rooms, same with aunt Elizabeth.
“Who the fuck are you?” Tony snapped, regretting that he had left his Star Wars lightsaber toy in his room “And what is that thing?”
The flight went smoothly. Exhausted by the morning's emotions, Tony fell asleep as soon as the plane took off. He woke up when the plane's speakers announced the landing and, also, the need to put on the seat belts. To his surprise, but not to Steve's, who, by the way, merely smiled at him warmly; he woke up with his cheek resting on his arm. He rubbed his eyes and mumbled a sorry, that Steve rejected by pinching his opposite cheek very gently. For Tony that kind of caress was far from his understanding, but he felt such a sense of comfort that he couldn't help but return a slightly self-conscious smile.
“Gone?” He repeated. His mother came out then and called everyone to dinner. “We’ll talk later,” he told her and hung up.
When the song ended they gently parted. They didn't kiss just because another song started and Steve was snatched from his hands by his mother.
After kissing him and wishing him a Merry Christmas, Steve pulled away from him a bit. Tony stared at him, with his heart beating fast. He had survived that little kiss, but he wasn't quite sure if he could still be standing. A little voice in the back of his mind wondered why he was so affected by a man he had barely met. A man he knew nothing about, except his name. A bigger voice told him that Christmas miracles don't exist, and that this one there could be a thief, a kidnapper, or something… less a gift from Santa. But, at the same time, he answered himself that it was impossible that anyone, apart from Santa and his foolish friends, to know his wish.
“We have to go” Steve spoke to him familiarly, as he pulled out a small suitcase from under the tree. He was ready to go “Can I help you with your bags?”
He entered the cafe and shook the snow off his coat. It was warm inside, so he took off his scarf and breathed the disgusting smell of hot chocolate, Christmas punch, and the ginger cookies. Everything turns so honeyed, even his beloved donuts were covered with drawings of reindeer and poorly done snowflakes.
First of all, he told himself, magic doesn't exist, much less Christmas magic. That's bullshit, things that are said to get children and naive adults excited. A very well structured marketing strategy. That was Christmas. Santa Claus didn't exist, and the guy on whose legs he sat and made his wish was a random man hired to put on a fake belly, wig and beard, no more and no less. His friends seemed to ignore what was going on, and he hadn't wanted to give too many details about it either; and he couldn't imagine them transporting a Christmas tree to his apartment, much less buying plane tickets… come on, he didn't even believe that any of them would be lucky enough to meet a man like that.
“You should take someone, finally” stated Rhodey “There are agencies that rent you companions for situations like this”
So Steve danced with Tony's mother, and if aunt Elizabeth had blushed dancing with him, Maria Stark was a tomato. Luckily, Tony told himself, his father hadn't noticed. Soon his niece wanted to dance too and Tony was dragged onto the dance floor. The little girl climbed on top his feet as he moved rhythmically.
Sorry for the late update. Hope you have enjoyed the chapter!! If there is something that’s not understandable, just let me know. All credits to Aomame_kz
Steve tilted his face. He looked like a puppy sitting there on the floor, waiting for some reaction from Tony.
What if the wish ended that night? Perhaps Tony was some kind of Cinderella, and the magic that had given him the best Christmas of his life would fade at midnight. It gave him a shudder, and he followed his gaze to Steve, who, like everyone else, had risen to his feet and was heading into the living room. Tony did too, with a glass of champagne between his fingers. If that man vanished that night ... what would he do? Thinking pragmatically, how would he explain to his family that Steve wasn't there the next day? And on the other hand, the emotional side, did he want the magic to end?
“Sometimes you don't know you want something, until you have it” said Tony, recalling the conversation he had with his friends, that fateful day when he made his wish.
“I think your mother already loves him” Howard crooned “You won't be able to leave him so easily anymore”
“Maria, please” Tony's father stepped forward and extended a hand to Steve “Excuse my wife, Maria. I am Howard Stark. A pleasure to meet you”
Luckily, he was saved by the bell, his cell phone rang at that moment. He stood up and after seeing that it was Natasha, he took a few steps away to answer.
The details would escape him later, but he would remember very clearly the almost graceful way Steve removed his clothes. The caress of his hands, warm palms and cold fingertips, down his back. The brush of Steve’s skin against his and the heat emanating from his mouth, along with the delicious taste of his tongue. He will remember the pain, which did not taste like pain, having him inside; the morbid and wet sound of each thrust. The passionate and at the same time considerate, overflowing and gentle way that Steve made love to him that Christmas night, would be tattooed in his memory. And above all, he will keep the feeling that aroused in his chest, like a flame that had been dimmed for years and that, suddenly, was a bonfire of thousands of degrees centigrade devouring him. He felt genuinely loved and, in return, he loved genuinely. Even both ecstatic and involved in that frenzied dance, they said it. They said very clearly: I love you. And neither would have had reason to suspect that the other was lying. There was no room for lies between their skins, much less disbelief.
Hope you have enjoiy it. Updates are going to be slow, maybe, idk, translating is not easy, the translator helps me, but I don't trust it, sometimes translates incorrectly, so it's going to take time, my first language is not English, so yeah, it's difficult for me. At some point of the translation, I couldn't find an accurate translation for some words, so I'm doing my best to make it understandable. If you see any spelling mistakes or anything that is not understandable, I will appreciate it if you comment on it. All credits to Aomame_kz.
“It's true. Unfortunately I didn't have your perspicacity. I guess I'm more primitive and that's why I was always involved in street fights.”
And? And… And… nothing. Nothing occurred to him. The answer provoked him an involuntary smile. Steve was right; it didn’t matter, they were supposed to be dating, dancing with each other was supposed to be normal and no one uttered an exclamation of disapproval. So Tony danced that soft dance with Steve, with his gaze lost in the other's blue wells. I'm Cinderella, he told himself, this is my dance with the prince; but soon the midnight bells will ring, and everything will end.
“Ahh, you love him” mocked his father, raising his eyebrows; and Tony threw him the 3/8 wrench he had in his hand.
He first called Rhodey, who was still asleep, and replied vaguely: “don’t bother me so early”. Bruce told him he had no idea what he was talking about. Pepper asked him if he hadn't smoke something weird on Christmas Eve. And Natasha, well, she didn't even answer; a male voice told him that the lady was still sleeping. That must have been that James. He was just missing someone to ask: The Santa Clause from the mall.
“All right, that's enough!” Tony yelled and everyone turned to see him “I'm here too, in case you hadn't noticed!”
Tony looked at him with love, for the first time, and ran towards him; he hugged him briefly before holding (by the napkin, because his hands were dirty) the donut and the coffee cup. Steve smiled pleased as he watched him eat.
Let me emphasize: the TICKETS. Tony’s eyes widened and he snatched the tickets. Until last night, he had ONE ticket, not two.
Steve only laughed during that round of questions, and Tony couldn't help but feel irritated about it. Damn children and their damn inopportune questions.
He could already see himself suffering like every year, and like every year, the usual question: "And your boyfriend? You have one, right?" What a fascination of his family with wanting to grow every year!
He did not add more and turned on his heel, to go to his bedroom. Steve followed him without saying a word, but Tony tried not to turn to see him.
Tony rolled his eyes and wiped the thunderous kiss his mother gave him on the cheek, before she went after his father. Only he and Steve were left in the living room.
He was on five when Steve stood up; on eight when he walked towards him; and at ten, he stopped when he felt a pair hands cradle his face. He opened his eyes only to see that his ‘boyfriend's’ eyes were the most beautiful blue he had ever seen in his renegade life. He felt hypnotized and paralyzed. He couldn't move a muscle when Steve kissed him softly on the lips. The touch made him a shudder.
Tony, Steve, and the children had their noses red and jackets covered with snow, but they laughed merrily. Maria smiled. It seemed to her that she had in front the two sides of the same coin; On the one hand, Gregory had problems in his relationship, and on the other, Tony started one that, unlike his brother's, she liked more. Steve was sweetheart, Sharon wasn't.
The young man didn't answer, he handed him a Christmas card and smiled at him. Tony swallowed and snatched the card. He opened it and
“At least I answer you and not one of my companions,” he grumbled and saw, but could not hear about what, that his nephew, niece and Steve were talking animatedly.
“It must be a joke” he repeated and turned around, to find his phone and call his idiotic friends one by one.
A few minutes later, they were finally on their way to the airport; and now, both were side by side in the plane, about to take off.
“You know?” he started and gained the attention he was looking for “My family is… a little bit special. More like rare or, maybe, like all the others, but for me, they are weird”
Tony looked at the Band-Aid that Steve had put on his finger, it had little drawings of dinosaurs on it, and he smiled broadly. Dinner was already cooking, so he was finally out of the kitchen. Sitting on the porch of the backyard of his house, “taking care” of his nephew and niece who were coming and going playing with fireworks, he saw how the sun began to set. Inside, his aunt was still knitting; Uncle Paul was watching an old Christmas movie; Gregory and his father talked things about the company, as always; and her mother took care of the turkey that had cost her so much work. Steve… Steve arrived at that moment. Tony heard his footsteps approaching and then saw him sit down next to him and handed him the box of donuts, the promised box. Tony smiled at him and received his reward like a puppy.
Until that moment, Tony had let himself be carried away by the lack of control of the situation. The conductive thread of his actions was perplexity. He tried to think correctly and analytically, after all he was a man of science. So, he just had to put the facts on the table and he would find the answer.
They took a cab from the airport to Tony's house. He did not want to notify that he had arrived and ask for the driver to be sent. He needed some time to prepare Steve. If they had been dating for a long time, such preparation would have happened gradually, with the rhythm of casual conversations and shared anecdotes. Of course, Tony, he hadn't been in a relationship long enough for something like this to happen, but he believed, from what he had seen around him, that this was how things happened.
“So you have a boyfriend, huh?” his father looked at him sideways while he was tightening some screws.
It was then that Tony jumped up and denied repeatedly. He was not a suitcase, far from it; He wasn't going to allow himself to be humiliated like that, less his boyfriend. He put on his coat and watched how Steve let out a chuckle.
Steve laughed with his lips on the brunette's shoulder and then pulled away to look at him. The movement made Tony open his eyes. Steve noticed the drops of water that had clung to his incredibly long lashes and the redness of his parted lips.  If it had been in his power, he would have stayed in the shower longer.
His aunt opened her mouth and eyes, surprised. It took her a second to recover, and then she put her hands together in silent applause and turned around to shout:
“UNCLE STEVE!" They yelled and climbed onto the bed, to climb on top of the blond.  “IT FELL A LOT, UNCLE! WE’LL DO IT?!”
That Santa had really done his best. Look, bringing him such a gift was crazy. But it was believable that it was a Christmas miracle, never in his life he had seen such a specimen. None of his past lovers resembled him, not a bit.
The table was set, a magnificent turkey was the protagonist of all that, it smelled delicious, much better than other years. Maria Stark organized everyone at the table. Howard at the head, with her to his right and Gregory to the left. Tony next to her, and next to him, as it should be, Steve. The children were supposed to sit with their father, but they refused and preferred to sit next to Steve. So aunt Elizabeth and uncle Paul sat on the other side of the table. And for the first time in many years, the dinner went on in peace. Tony didn't fight with Gregory; Gregory didn’t fight with his wife (because she wasn’t there); Howard stopped talking about his company and preferred family anecdotes that the uncle and aunt contributed. The kids didn’t cause trouble and ate everything. And Tony was not bothered because of his singleness. It was almost as if Steve's presence forced them to behave. And as a bonus, the turkey was not dry! On the contrary, it was delicious. At the end of dinner, they cheered and wished each other a Merry Christmas, at least what was left of it. And that made Tony think about what Natasha had told him.
Tony opened his mouth indignantly, "Witch!" he told her, and like a child in a tantrum, he climbed on the legs of that corrupt Santa.
“ ‘Your cousin's daughter will be married in March. And she’s younger than you... and yours by when?’ ” Bruce concluded the round.
That's how Tony was dragged by his father to the garage. There, in the middle of a pile of scrap was the sleigh of all the years.
Tony held aunt Lizzie, and while Maria ran for her grandson and danced with him. Steve watched them sitting on the arm of one of the couches. Tony didn’t take his eyes off him, he saw Gregory approach him and they exchanged a few words. He aimed in his mind, ask Steve about what.
But he soon found himself almost, almost, carried by his four damned friends to the Christmas area of the mall; with sexy female elves, and scenery of cookie houses, and candy canes. Natasha went ahead and exchanged a couple of words with Santa's substitute, and all Tony could hear was:
“Foolishness. Santa has never brought me what I have asked for, not even when I was a kid... less now. Besides, it's not like I need a couple. I can live alone, without problems, for the rest of my life”
they wanted a son in law already. His mother said that settle down will help him in his life, his father said that, perhaps, that way he would concentrate on other things, such as the family business, for example.
The redhead released him and walked over to his audio player, a pathetic Christmas carol was playing on the radio, but she began to dance.
"If you don't do it, I'll call your mom and tell her you crashed the Porsche they gave you last Christmas”
“Change of partners!” Howard called Steve with his hand, so that he danced with the girl; and he took the opportunity to get out of the round of dance and join with Gregory and uncle Paul, who, until that moment, had watched everything while smoking his classic cigar.
Then, there was that damn snow that covered the city. You couldn’t walk, traffic jams, accidents, deaths of indigents. He used to catch a cold every year. And every year the pipelines freeze and he ran out of water for a couple of days, until he pestered his building’s janitor to do something. There was also the damn shopping that drove everyone crazy; if it was difficult to take a cab in New York, on those dates, to take one, you had to be ready for a pitched battle.
Tony looked at him carefully. He was a handsome guy, very handsome, fuck! More than that, he was sexy. Even seated, he guessed that he was taller than he was; his arms, sticking out of the sleeves of his simple blue shirt, looked terribly strong; had blond hair, neatly combed to the side and back; and he wore a thick, manly beard.
“How was the flight?” Howard asked, taking out a cigarette that he offered him later “Do you smoke?”
The morning came chilly. The cold entered through his toes and slowly went up his legs, waking him up. He looked at the clock and realized that he was late. Because of the damn earplugs he put on, he hadn't heard the alarm. He got tangled up in the sheets and fell out of bed; rolled and crashed into the wall. He cursed. He stood up, rubbed himself and cursed again. He got into the shower; he bathed and dressed like lightning. He left his room; he crossed the living room to the kitchen, to at least have a glass of artificial juice, no way he’s taking breakfast. But he didn't make it to the kitchen, he had to retrace his steps.
“They attack me every time I go. Except this time, I'm taking you with me. Well, they know I like boys, of course” he felt that he was babbling, so he took a deep breath to see if he could organize his thoughts “But I'm sure they don't expect someone like you... even I didn't expect it” he added in a slightly lower voice, but it reached the blond’s ears, who widened his smile “So... what I want to tell you is that, in advance, I apologize for...”
Pepper was wearing a green wool sweater and some earrings that looked like frosty spheres; Rhodey was wearing a laughable sweater with a huge red-nosed Rudolph in the center; Bruce was also dressed in a Christmas sweater, only his was of small crowns and mistletoes; And even Natasha, who also participates a little bit in these parties, had succumbed and wore a headband with reindeer antlers on her reddish hair. Was he the only sane person in the world?
“Tony” he heard his name like in a dream, close to his ear. Shit! Even his voice was sexy “Merry Christmas!”
The blonde smiled widely. It was clear why she had done it, indeed, he was sure that his mother had not sent her with that message.
“Believe it or not, when I was a kid I was always thinner and smaller than average, and I was a bag of diseases. So, I rarely went out to play in parks.”
Tony rolled his eyes again, and stood up from his seat willing to bring her the blessed water. In the kitchen he yawned, as he thought of calling an uber for his friend, that would take her with her sweetheart, that guy, whatever his name is. Love makes you dumb, he thought. But when he returned to the living room, Natasha had taken her bag.
What appeared to be a sketchbook rested on the bent leg, using it as a makeshift table as his hand idly sketched across the paper.  Steve’s blue eyes twinkled, shining with an emotion that Tony was hesitant to identify. There was absolutely no way that the only emotion the blond was feeling towards the escaped and now captured man was love.
It was almost as if Peter hadn’t meant to speak it, his eyes widening a fraction in the realization. He didn’t move from where he had frozen in the doorway, but the tears that had started to well on the side of his eyes didn’t freeze.
“Tony! We gotta go!” Carol, screaming as she flew into the air and started towards the two of them. “Drop him! We gotta go!”
A huge window to the left side of the bed revealed a large patio on the floor below. It was a place where you could have a lot of friends over, with what looked like a fenced off pool and a hot tub nearby. A green hill slopped gently down past the patio, leading to small lake with a dock and what appeared to be a row boat.
The terrible sound of something crunching resounded in an echo, chilling the other men to the bone as Bucky easily crushed the man’s wind pipe. Throwing the body to the side, the Winter Soldier pointed towards the door.
“I…” Should he admit that the fear was still there? Unconsciously he tightened his hand in Steve’s shirt, a silent answer to the softly posed question.
It wasn’t until he remembered Natasha sitting next to him that Tony sat straight and pulled the rest of what was left of the bowl of soup to his chest, sipping on it as he stared at her. She looked exactly like he remembered; nothing had changed other than the seat of power.
“Lame,” Tony grumbled, laughing again when Peter turned and stuck his tongue out at him. He hadn’t bothered to correct his position, allowing himself to almost completely lay against Steve.
The water was instantly warm, and Tony couldn’t stop himself from burying his face into the soldier’s collarbone again as the water sprayed over them. However, when he noticed that Steve was turning off the shower and moving them both towards the tub, he panicked.
As if the animal understands his question, Goose stands and stretches. The feline turns to face the closed door before his jowls open in a yawn. At least, that’s what it looks like at first.
“Now! If you don’t grab it, I will.” He was panting, breaths coming in short as Pepper disappeared from the room. Rhodey was telling him to calm himself down, to not work himself up, that he was making himself worse. They couldn’t help Peter if Tony was out for the count.
He watched as they all struggled to understand, Pepper the only one who already knew where the escape plan was going. “I’m a liability, and I can’t put you in more danger.” He explained.
“Sir!” The man looked eager to please, his eyes shining with unshed tears at the idea that he had met the timeline set upon him. That he wouldn’t be dead upon morning.
Tony took a sip immediately when he was handed the cup, legs moving so they could curl up near his chest as he stared at Steve whom had taken a seat on the side of the bed. He grinned at the thought of Peter bossing around the archer. There was still worry for the kid’s health, but if he was building Lego’s there was no way that anyone was doing anything bad to him.
Before a fight could start between the two, Happy held up a hand and spoke in a tone that broke no room for argument. There was a reason he was head of security at Stark Industries.
Turning his gaze to the right, he noticed a door near the headboard, a dark leather sofa pushed against the right wall, and another door beside it. A dresser and a large television had been placed in front of the bed, and he realized a note had been left scrawled on the dresser.
The god looked just as amused as he had at the dinner the night before, green eyes sparkling as he lifted a hand to grab the tool. Without a word, he released his hand from Tony’s shoulder and put the tool on the counter. He walked around the genius and leaned against the table, so that he was closer to eye level with Tony’s sitting posture.
Steve looked up from where he had been going through files about the rebellion. At first, the group had been annoying, but they hadn’t been a threat. However, they had taken Tony, and that meant that they were no longer going to remain unharmed.
Bruce threw up both hands, as if approaching a wild animal protecting its young. “I just want to look at his hands, Tones. Make sure he’s okay.”
my kid. You hunted us down Steve! Because as long as you got what you wanted in the end, you didn’t care! Hell, I had a goddamn heart attack because of you! I’ve lost my entire family, because of you!”
An overwhelming sadness overcame the genius, and Tony deftly ran a hand across his face. His shoulders hunching forward.
Shaking his head, the male turned his gaze to the floor, hoping that the lack of stimulation would help him focus again and bring his fuzzy memory back.
Approximately thirty minutes into building the swing set, Tony was reminded why he rarely let anyone into the lab while he was working.
It was dinnertime and the soldiers had yet to return from where they’d disappeared to. Without the two of them, Tony had pitched the idea of a Hulk room to Banner, and the other scientist had actually agreed that it could be a great idea.
Tony swallowed, pulling back and looking at the man’s warm eyes to see his own reflection. A broken, confused, sad human being that had been pushing his limit. A man who had given into the easy solution instead of continuing to fight so he wouldn’t get hurt.  And love, real and unchanged despite the passage of time. Yes, he could listen to Edwin’s request.
The genius had to immediately throw himself at Steve to avoid the little hand that flailed to smack him. The former Captain didn’t seem to mind, his arm wrapped around the man’s shoulders as he grinned.
“Bucky and Pete made these for you. I didn’t tell the kid that I was getting it for you, ‘cause he’s waiting to see your reaction. But I figured it might cheer you up a little or give you some energy.”
“Tony…” The man shook his head, curled closer to the boy. “Tones… lets go inside.” The words were spoken extremely softly, a suggestion over an order.
Without so much as a single word, the men split up, one would come up from the front, the other from the back.
Carefully lifting his hand away from where it was nudged between Bucky’s stomach and his own side, Tony blushed brightly, brushing against bare skin.
With no warning, the blond pivoted on the spot and fired the weapon. A burst of green light filled the room before the worst screams Tony had ever heard started up. Just over Roger’s shoulder, he could see the man start to melt. It was meant to be slow, first his hands, then his legs, and slowly his torso. The screaming didn’t stop, and Tony couldn’t move, didn’t dare move.
Tony, having seen the look and knowing something was happening, was quick to throw his plate up and use it as a shield. The sausages and eggs that had been put on the platter by Steve quickly falling to the floor and his lap. With Steve on his other side, the blond barely got a speck of food on him.
Tony’s brows furrowed, and he couldn’t help himself as tears started to stream out of his eyes, even if they were closed. “I miss Peter,” he admitted. “I miss my kid. I want my kid.”
Figuring that he should probably stop the situation before it escalated too far that they woke Tony, the soldier reached into the box and pulled out the instruction manual. The research team had gotten a lot of information on Peter Parker and had discovered that the child had been a genius since birth. They’d also discovered several of his hobbies before the world had turned upside down, and Lego’s and Star Wars happened to be some of the former teen’s favorite things.
It takes a few minutes, but the sound of a crackle from the other side and Carol’s amused voice sends Tony springing forward. “Wow, you actually sound your age kid!”
With a frown, Tony threw off the covers from his body and stumbled to his feet, rubbing at his eyes as he tried to shake away the sleep. He vaguely remembered the music player from the night before, but it was no longer where Steve had placed it on the nightstand.
They had both quieted down upon seeing the house in which resided their resident superhuman. Tony had let out a whistle, trying to figure out just how they were going to hide the craft in plain sight, when the only area that didn’t have some sort of tall plant was almost directly on the property.
Before Tony could open his mouth, Peter shook his head again. Not about to let his kid down, Tony stumbled to his feet by pushing his chair harshly back, almost falling before he’d caught his balance. He edged away from the group, shaking his head. There was absolutely no way they were just going to take Peter and cut him open. Over his dead body.
The sound of footsteps echoed over the speaker, and the rustle of the com being lifted raised Tony’s heart to his throat.
While Tony had protested being separated from Carol, he had stopped begging rather quickly when he realized the looks he’d gotten from the two soldiers. Despite everything, he needed to behave if he wanted to give the girl a chance at getting away.
Clint stayed true to his word, and intently helped Peter build per each instruction that came from the super soldier. He pretended that he couldn’t see Natasha’s amused eye watching him get cowed by a small child.
On the second night, when he’d been brought a meal, Steve had made a comment about how Tony was adorable. He’d compared the genius to a kitten.
“We decided that the easiest way to keep Peter safe, was to de-age him.” Steve tagged on. “But truly de-age him. We’ve used Loki to help both times, but he also helped with memories in the serum, this time around.”
He felt a small pinch on his neck, an indication that whatever Bruce had tried to put into him earlier hadn’t been the only batch. Whatever it was, they had finally managed to get the drugs into his system. He could already feel it working, the cocktail of whatever they’d put into it already encouraging him to fall asleep.
“We’ll leave right now then, let’s get out of here.” The man turned back, moving to pick up Tony when a metal arm grabbed his own. The five suits that had been working around the clock to pack their things were in the room, restraining everyone minus Tony.
“We found it among your things at the bunker, figured it might be good to have. If I remember reading correctly, you like to play music while you create, right?” Bucky added.
“As for the rest of you,” Steve’s voice brought him back to the present. Bucky glanced around, noticing that the leaders of their security teams were frightened, even if they didn’t look as cowed as the technicians had. Someone had dragged the body away.
He’s grateful for the blanket, it makes it easier to hide the fact that his heart is pounding. He’s so caught up in the film he doesn’t protest when Steve reaches forward and maneuvers him so that he’s leaning comfortably against the man’s chest. He doesn’t protest when Bucky tucks his feet into his lap.
“Tony’s got a nasty leg wound,” Steve answered for him. “It’ll need to heal before we even start talking about going outside the building.”
“I promise,” he confirmed. “Now, if Uncle Clint listens to the instructions, can he help us build this…” he trailed off, glancing at the box. “Falcon?”
The man in question made a sound in the back of his throat, as if he didn’t enjoy that the conversation was happening about him, whilst he stood right above the chatty group.
There was no hiding the yelp of surprise as gunshots rang out from behind him, hitting too close to home. A blinding pain shot through the back of his leg, but the adrenaline spike that came from hearing a familiar roar kept him from even feeling it for long.
The sound of gears shifting and the sunlight that suddenly hit the hallway was enough to tell the man that they were getting off the plane. Rhodey, whom had been absent for the ride, was suddenly heading down the hall with a grimace.
Shocked, the genius tried to take in the sight in front of him without denying that Peter wasn’t real. But just a few feet behind the kid stood Rhodey, looking concerned as he observed the interaction.
Without pausing to see her reaction, Tony made to spin back around, so he didn’t see how quickly Carol traversed to where he sat. Her hands pulled the chair back so that Tony was looking directly into angry blue eyes. The electricity of the expression made him want to look away, but Carol had already predicted the move and put both hands on his face so that he couldn’t do anything but meet her gaze.
Turning wide eyes between the door and the little boy, Tony raised his brows in complete and utter confusion. Almost laughing in the chaos when Peter’s little hands started to make a rolling motion as if urging Tony to speak up.
“But we wanted to see if we could find at least someone that you could… mentor? Raise?” Steve’s smile lit up his entire face as he spoke. Like whomever they had brought in would appease Tony’s need for Peter.
“Come on kiddo! All you have to do is stick the pieces together! We don’t need to follow instructions!” Clint exclaimed, sitting cross legged next to the little boy.
Bucky was moving forward, dodging wild machinery as he tried to reach the two, so he could help Steve pull the genius back inside. His metal arm was easily deflecting attacks from the computers hunting him, only slowing his trek enough that he hadn’t quite caught up to the two struggling men.
Glancing at the beams of wood that someone had put on the grass, he made out what looked like pieces that could be made into a swing set. Normally he’d need a few people to get something so heavy up, but with Steve it would be almost too easy.
The action seemed to spur on the rest of the room, and soon enough there wasn’t a corner of the warehouse that wasn’t in some sort of altercation.
Leaning over, Bucky gently took the blanket and untucked it from Tony so that it was pooled in his lap, hands free to use the fork provided to eat the meal.
Bucky had then proceeded to wrap the little boy in the blanket, making him look like a chunky blue burrito with only his little eyes peeking out from the top. There had been no hesitation in picking up the bundled child and carrying him from the room. Tony’s shirt having dried during the time in the bathroom, the genius merely threw aside his shoes so he could follow the two down the hall.
From the corner of his eye, Tony sees a blur shoot past where he hovers towards the ongoing men. In seconds Carol has appeared, using abilities he didn’t know about as she punched Bucky off the machinery and to the ground. One hand snatching a mechanical wing and throwing Sam onto the top of a nearby building.
Rhodey had turned and walked off of the steps, wrists out and ready to call his suit if someone were to show up. His eyes were focused solely on the crops, ready to take on anything or anyone.
Pivoting, the genius held out a hand before realizing the state they were in and pulled it back to his chest in embarrassment.
Spinning around, Tony guffawed as he met T’Challa’s raised brows. He could hear Peter scrambling even faster, stuttering as he only managed to get tangled in the girl’s limbs worse. Shuri looked nothing but amused.
Clint laughed, moving forward anyway as he lifted the tired genius from the bed and into the chair. The oxygen tank was mobile, and quickly attached to the wheelchair as if it had been created specifically for that reason.
There was no warning as the door was suddenly blown off its hinges, wood splintering and flying everywhere. A few pieces hit Tony, embedded in his skin even as he threw his still bandaged wrist up to deflect the blows.
“And while we have apprehended several dangerous criminals, such as Miss Wanda Maximoff, we will continue to look for others who threaten our peace.” The room turned quiet, Tony found himself leaning forward alongside Peter. The man failed to mention that the woman’s brother had been killed when they had captured her.
“Doll! You’re awake!” Bucky exclaims, taking in the huffing genius in the doorway. “And dripping wet, come ‘ere.”
The only sound in the hallway is that of their echoing footsteps, Bucky occasionally cooing as he presses the genius closer to his chest.
He was drowning, unable to stop the feeling. It was wrong, to miss two people that had thoroughly messed up his life. They had taken away his family and tortured people in front of him, even taken things to a mildly physical level. But they were also affectionate. They listened to his rants, and adored that he was so into science. He couldn’t ever remember being around people who seemed to really want to take care of him.
Sleep didn’t come easy that night for Tony, he found himself having rolled into different positions every few minutes attempting to get comfortable. When he’d find himself relaxed, thoughts of where the men were would plague his mind, along with guilt at worrying over their wellbeing.
“Mississippi,” the blond answered, heading out of the room to their weapons depot, the one’s Tony hadn’t had access to.  “We’ve got another superhuman to catch.”
“The simulation battle bots need work, and maybe he could make them a little tougher for you to beat? I could supervise him, and that way he’d start seeing that we trust him.” Bruce added.
“The gate’s closed,” Peter frowned, informing the group as he finally made it to the graveyard. “Should I just jump over the fence, or scale it like a normal person?”
Peter smiled, even though he knew that the man couldn’t see it. “I know.” Pivoting to go back towards the gate, Peter froze in place. He was face to chest with a stranger, whom was not moving and standing too close.
“The suit was made for you to escape, there was no plan for you to engage, sir.” The AI explained, using one of the small robots Tony had made for fun to attack the assassin and steer her off course.
Slowly, still trying to understand what had happened, Tony ambled across the room with the sinking feeling getting worse in his chest.
Someone had left a pile of folded clothes on the sink, and Tony suddenly found himself wanting to do exactly as the note said. He wasn’t sure if it was conditioning, or simply the idea that getting clean might lead to learning more.
“If something does happen,” Tony raised a hand to stop the protest. “If something happens, you have to promise me you’re going to keep the kid safe.”
Without hesitation he met the smiling blue eyes from across the room, now understanding Barnes’ hold on him as he struggled to run forward and snatch the old Stark weapon from the Captain.
He jumps when a plate is set gently on his lap, two bodies falling into the sofa on either side of him. Bucky, who looks more casual than Tony has ever seen him, and Rogers. They both have their own plates of food and have loaded his with every dish that had been on the table.
“Here, take this and you can meet her in the morning when you wake up,” Steve held out the pill and a bottle of water.
“I… I told you to run,” Tony managed to say through his sobs, tight grip loosening ever so softly as the tears began to slow down.
Easing Peter into the booth next to him, Tony instructed the kid on what to type, watching as his fingers deftly moved over the keyboard.
“Mr. Stark, you’re finally back!” She grinned wide, a hand moving to a large metallic bracelet on one arm where she pressed a glowing blue button.
Using his tongue, Tony finally managed to spit out the offending object in his mouth into the water, glaring daggers at the blond that had sat back.
Throwing a look at Carol, the genius nodded. “I’ll be happy to sit and talk, but I’m a little exhausted and wouldn’t mind having some coffee too. Life blood, and all.”
What the genius hadn’t expected was for the so-called tech that was smarter than him to dive bomb on top of Peter. He also hadn’t expected the kid to laugh and shove back, two teenagers play wrestling almost on top of him until Tony let out a yelp when his hand was lightly hit.
“Once we figured that out, it was a matter of Bruce coming up with the chemicals we needed, and the process. We de-aged you so that some of those nasty scars would be gone, and gave you the formula. You’re not as strong as Stevie or me, but you’ve got the brain instead. Plus, you’ll age just like us now, too.”
At twenty, Tony Stark almost completely disappeared from the spotlight. And while it was common knowledge that he was the creator of all Stark Technology, the young man was no longer interesting to the public. He didn’t party, he didn’t drink, and he rarely did anything of interest. While he had made some public appearances for fundraisers, he was always quiet and observant.
Steve’s happy to say it as many times as he needs to until Tony believes him, and many more after that.
Tony has to fight to cover the hitch in his voice when Steve steps closer, one hand hovering over Tony’s open collar.
The mission had gone off without a hitch in the end, with Tony and Natasha successfully interrupting not just one, but two under-the-table black market deals before the night was over. Steve had registered this with a distant satisfaction, his mind still reeling over the news of his romantic feelings for Tony. He had been distracted through the entire debriefing of the mission, starting sentences before trailing off without a finish and forgetting important points, until Thor ended up taking over so they could finish before midnight. After the debrief was done, Steve was the first to leave the room, tossing back a hasty goodbye before fleeing the scene. He didn’t know how he was supposed to meet Tony’s eyes or make conversation about the mission when his mouth kept wanting to betray him and blurt out his feelings in front of Tony and everyone else.
The girl in front of him laughs and looks over at her friend’s phone. Steve glances over it before he can stop himself, only for his stomach to fall to his feet when he sees what they’re looking at.
“Steve,” Tony whispers. “If I’d known you’d wanted any, all of that, I would have given it all to you in a heartbeat.” His fingers tighten around Steve’s wrist, his eyes bright. “That’s why I asked you to dance. I want those things with you too.”
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve says after a pause, swallowing past the lump in his throat. God, maybe it would have been easier if he had stayed oblivious to his feelings.
Before Steve has a chance to protest, Tony’s back in his arms, holding a small black box in his hand.
“I think I can afford to be a little smug, don’t you? I just asked a handsome brilliant genius out on a date and he said yes.”
“I was quite impressed with his first few attempts, but I think he’s running out of patience now. Carol still isn’t speaking to him after what happened with the hamster.”
Steve raises his head and looks into her eyes. “You think?” he asks, and he’s sure that she doesn’t miss the tiny waver in his voice at the question.
“So are you,” Steve says, grinning. “So you know how you said you really wanted to be my first kiss?”
How sometimes just looking at Tony sends Steve’s heart beating in double time, to how much he likes having Tony in his arms, and how much he likes it when Tony looks to him for reassurance and when he remembers little details about Steve, and how happy spending time together with Tony makes him.
“You’re not alone, Steve, and you don’t need to be fixed,” Foggy says, voice soft. “Whatever you decide to do with them, your feelings are yours. They’re real, and they’re good.”
Tony bends down to kiss him, biting down on Steve’s bottom lip before breaking away. “Don’t pretend like you didn’t decide to take advantage of Clint’s flimsy request for more chairs to lie in wait so you could ravish me, Rogers.”
“Glad to hear it. After all, it’d be a shame if I needed to win over my own boyfriend. And I’m glad DUM-E likes me too, I’d hate to have to go find another art assistant.”
Steve runs a hand through his hair, his face heating. “When you offered to pose for me, I ran away because I thought you’d be able to tell what I was thinking and feeling just from looking at me, and when you had to strip out of the armor because of the frog slime—” Steve breaks off and swallows hard. “I think about you all the time.”
Thor echoes this sentiment from the couch on the other side of the room. “Natasha and Tony will apprehend these dastardly scientists in no time. Then, we shall feast!” Hulk gives a roar of approval at the thought of a celebratory feast. “They better be done soon.”
“Do you want to dance?” Steve’s question interrupts Tony’s words, stumbling out of his mouth in a rush like he thinks he might run out of time otherwise. His gaze settles on Sharon for a second before turning back to Tony.
Her hands touch his face, and Steve knows they will leave a mark. “I know the width and length and breadth of every single life I collect.”
Steve had known that Tony looked up to Captain America as a kid - Tony had even shown him a picture of his younger self dressed up as Captain America for Halloween after the Time Stone debacle, but Steve never imagined it extended into a childhood crush. Steve feels a glimmer of hope plant itself in his chest before it’s extinguished abruptly by his next thought.
“Oh, and why would you care, Cap? It’s my business if I decide what's worth it to save a teammate’s life, and it will always be worth it.” Steve can tell Tony is aiming for nonchalance in the face of Steve’s anger, but there’s a hardness to his voice that belies that ease.
“I like blankets?” Tony tries. A small smirk crosses his face before disappearing when he looks back up at Steve.
“I’ll concede that you look good in it,” he murmurs. “You look so handsome in it, I think I might just let you keep it.” Steve punctuates this statement by tugging Tony forward for a kiss.
Tony’s the smartest person Steve knows, and Steve loves him. If he wants Steve to trust that Tony will always come back to him, just as he always wants to come back to Tony, it’s an easy decision to make.
Steve rubs a hand over his knee. “I was a little nervous about meeting up with you today because I wasn’t sure if Jan had clarified with you that this wasn’t a set-up or anything, but I’m really glad we did this,” he says.
“Tony. What. The. Hell. Were. You. Thinking,” Steve grounds out in a low voice, biting off each word furiously, feeling as though he doesn’t have enough control over himself to say more than one word at once. All at once, the devastating fear and panic he had felt during the battle when Tony had thrown himself directly in front of Steve to block an attack from Kang comes rushing back, and Steve’s voice rises in volume. “What the hell was that?”
“What if I don’t want you to get over it?” Tony’s voice is warm and careful, a gentle caress to Steve’s heart.
Steve had meant his question to be a joke, but judging by Tony’s surprised expression, he’s probably missed the mark.
“Tony. I love you. I’m never going to be sorry for saving you, especially when the serum gives me much better odds at making it through in one piece. You know as well as I do that the armor isn’t infallible.”
Steve turns to his right to see Tony sitting next to him. His eyes are fixed on Steve’s face, his expression unreadable, and Steve's heart jumps into his throat as he moves reflexively to cover his sketchpad with one hand, hoping that it’s too dark for Tony to see anything.
Tony’s thoughts are taking him down a very enjoyable path until JARVIS interrupts his daydreaming with an announcement. “Captain Rogers at the door, sir.”
A photo of Tony catching Clint in a bridal carry makes it onto every single evening news program that night, amid more wedding speculation.
“I’m not really in the mood for dancing, Tony,” Steve tells him, hoping he doesn’t sound as frustrated as he feels. “Besides, you wouldn’t want the crowd to think you’re abandoning your fiance, would you?”
“Yeah, of course. Next time will be great.” Tony pauses in the doorway, as if not sure whether to stay or go. “You sure you’re fine, though?”
Still, Steve knows he can’t avoid Tony forever. Ignoring his knock would only make Tony more suspicious about Steve’s behavior, and Steve doesn’t need Tony trying to confront him right now. With a soft sigh, he gets up and opens the door.
, helpfully conjuring up images of Tony wiping up a smudge of grease on his forehead, his tank top riding up to reveal strong muscles and a tempting sliver of bare skin, of Tony in a suit and loosened tie just like he is right now, looking up at Steve with clear want in his eyes, crooking one finger to motion Steve forward, of Tony in swimming trunks just like he’d worn on their last beach trip, of Tony bathed in nothing but the light of the arc reactor—
Steve drops his backpack on to his desk chair, zeroing in on the thing he’s been missing all morning.
“Can I kiss you?” Tony’s voice wobbles at the end of the question. In lieu of an answer, Steve cups the back of Tony’s head and guides his mouth down to cover Steve’s.
"Now, what do you say to me taking you to my bedroom and peeling these ridiculous jeans off of you so I can appreciate how much better you look out of them?”
“It’s not the cake.” Steve pauses, fighting the urge to pace around the room. “I mean, yes, it was the cake—” He takes a deep breath, and starts again. “It’s the press. All those articles about you and Clint together, having a secret romance…”
can’t believe Clint thinks we’re buying into his terrible matchmaking attempts,” Steve admits, sweeping a hand down Tony’s back to hold him closer as Tony shifts his attention to the underside of Steve’s jaw. “I thought he’d at least put more effort into this one since it’s my birthday. He didn’t even ask JARVIS to lock the door this time.”
“I leave for three days. Three days, Pep!” Tony slumps dramatically in his spot on the couch before throwing his arms out in a gesture of defeat. “And what do I come back to?”
He’d get to wake up next to Tony, make him coffee, and kiss him good morning. All Steve needs to do is ask him out.
“Clint suggested a kissing game. And I, well… I’ve never had a first kiss.” The words ring quiet and clear in the air between them.
Tony’s face pales at Natasha’s question, and next to him, Rhodey lets out a long, low whistle. “That’s a good one,” he says, sounding impressed.
Foggy’s gaze is gentle as it settles on Steve’s, and the panic and confusion brewing in Steve’s gut quiets a little at the open understanding in his eyes. “Yeah, there is, Steve.”
“I know. I know you do, Steve. Now get over here before you make me swoon with another grand romantic speech.”
“Yes,” he says quickly nodding. Maybe a touch too fast, judging from the muffled chuckle coming from Sharon’s direction.
“Jan, have you seen Tony? I thought he’d be at the labs today but I can’t find him, and Bruce is away from campus until next week.”
, like he’s ready to devour Tony if Tony gives him so much as a nod. Like he’s ready to take Tony apart with his mouth and hands and make his body sing.
“They’re together?” Jan looks more than a little interested. “Foggy told me they’re just friends. And roommates,” she adds, sounding thoughtful.
Tony thinks about brushing the comment off with a flirtatious glance or a throaty laugh. He knows Steve would accept it as a temporary concession. One point for Steve. He would step away from the line they’ve been hovering over for weeks now. A line they’ve never yet tried to cross.
He leaves it there as he stands up from the bar stool, Tony’s hand still tight around his arm. The brunette next to Tony fixes her eyes on where his hand is resting, her mouth stretched out in a taut line, but she says nothing. “I was just about to go looking for you when you found me,” Steve adds.
Steve raises his eyebrows in Foggy’s direction as they move a few paces away. “So, I’m guessing you won’t be joining me at the lonely hearts’ club this week after all?”
“Oh,” Foggy says, sounding surprised. “Don’t worry about it, she told me it wasn’t a blind date or anything like that.” He tugs a little at the edge of his shirt sleeve. “If she had, I would have turned her down.”
trying to avoid their feelings until they’re staring right at them,” Clint suggests, and Steve doesn’t even have time to try and formulate a reply to that before Sam shushes him with a well-aimed kick to the foot. “Hey, I said
Tony nods, before turning his attention back to Steve and his problem. “You know, if you’re stuck, I could pose for you.” His smile turns teasing, almost flirtatious. “I’ve been told I’m a good model.”
“You tell me,” Steve says, voice low. Tony comes back to himself with a jolt, remembering what he had asked.
“You did?” Steve asks, his voice hushed. This feels like a dream, like the best dream he’s ever had. But even in his sweetest dreams, he’s never seen Tony looking at him like this. Like he loves Steve.
“Oh, that reminds me,” she says, sweeping one hand through her hair and sitting back up. “Steve, I have a friend in the class who’s doing costumes for Midsummer’s Night Dream for his final - he’s a bit hesitant about the direction he wants to go in, and I told him you’d be a great person to talk to about it. You helped out with costuming for the play back in high school, right?”
Steve skips dinner with the team in favor of destroying three punching bags in the gym. It doesn’t make him feel any better.
Tony bursts out laughing. “You’re ridiculous and I can’t believe I’m into it.” He fists a hand in Steve’s hair, meeting him halfway with another long, slow kiss.
If Tony hadn’t been so delightfully distracting this morning, Steve would have never forgotten to take his phone with him to class.
“I don’t want to dance with—” Something in Steve’s expression makes Tony’s face fall, and Steve almost regrets turning down his offer.
With a parting grin, Tony turns around and saunters out of the room, making sure to add a visible swing to his hips as he does so. He may not be wearing skin-tight jeans, but he knows his ass doesn’t look half-bad in these tailored pants.
Jan hums noncommittally. “Still.” Then she turns to him, her eyes narrowed. “So you two are okay, then? When you hightailed it out of there, I thought maybe—”
“Yeah, I need to get going to my Stats lecture.” Steve shifts the strap of his backpack on his shoulder and turns a little. “And Foggy? Thanks.”
Steve’s heart lurches painfully at the clear hurt in Tony’s voice, and a heavy pang of guilt sends his stomach sinking to the ground.
“What’re you doing?” Tony finally asks after a long pause, the words half-muffled against Steve’s neck as he burrows himself further into Steve’s warmth.
She places a hand on his shoulder when she reaches him, giving him a pointed nudge. “Shove over, won’t you, Rogers?”
“Why, Janet Van Dyne, you’re diabolical.” Tony sounds more than a little impressed. Steve has to agree.
wanted to kiss you pretty much since you said you hoped no one had kissed you.” Tony grins into the crook of Steve’s neck, filing that away for later. “I don’t know when I started wanting more than that, but I do. Very much.”
He wants Steve to mark his body just as surely as Steve has marked Tony’s heart as his for the taking, not that he knows how to tell Steve that.
Steve feels his face turn hotter with embarrassment at the thought. He needs to at least try and stay professional, at least until the mission is over. After that, fleeing to his rooms is looking like a very good idea.
A loud crash above them has Steve raising his head in alarm, only to find Tony on the landing above them, gripping one side of the railing as he twists himself to the side to keep his balance. Steve dashes up the stairs, reaching out one hand to make sure Tony doesn’t fall.
“That—that’s good,” Steve says, a bubble of bright joy rising in his chest when Tony grins at him happily. He wraps his arms around Tony’s waist and pulls him close. “I’m still sorry I hurt you.”
Steve looks up, hope blooming in his chest even as he tells himself not to read too much into Tony’s words. The astonishment he had seen earlier on Tony’s face has softened into something sweeter, something tender.
Jan pats Tony’s shoulder and gives him a once-over, probably to check that he’s really unharmed. “Did you drink too much of that punch Thor brought?” A teasing note slips into her voice. “Seems to me like someone’s getting a little tipsy.
“I didn’t know,” Steve breathes out in a whisper, awed. All this time, every time Tony’s looked at him in a way Steve couldn’t understand, every time his expression had eluded Steve's art, that’s what it’d meant.
He ignored the weird pang at the look of pure adoration on Steve and Bucky’s faces when the kid had jumped back to him. Tony had to pretend that he didn’t feel the warmth at being cared for by the two psychopaths. It was only the solid weight of Peter in his lap that reminded the genius of why he still needed to fight.
With a bit of confusion, Tony blinks his eyes open and moves so that he can peer over his shoulder in the direction he thinks the smell is coming from. Someone has set a table in a buffet style, lining the top with a variety of Italian dishes. Unlike the movie nights the billionaire is used to, the food doesn’t look like take out, it looks homemade.
He wouldn’t admit that the tone was joking. That he was having an amazing time with the family. He would admit, however, that it was due to Peter’s presence.
“I’m going to go to one of the outside rooms, would you mind setting it to the beach setting?” He was already quietly moving from his room and down the hall as Jarvis confirmed the request.
“Ha!” Tony didn’t hold back the sound, reaching forward and swiping Steve’s still full cup of coffee and dodging back. He took a large gulp before speaking, “so you did take away their freedom! You can’t deny it now!”
“He’s a child, he needs to eat.” He whispered the words, conscious that he didn’t want to cause the little boy to wake up.
It didn’t take very long for the stroking and the comfort of the room with Peter’s gasps and awes to lull the genius under. Drifting between awareness and sleep the male didn’t know how much time had passed between his blinks.
“So-“ Before Rhodey could speak, the door opened again admitting T’Challa back into the room. While the king looked composed, Tony could sense that there was also an urgency to his attitude.
While Bucky had disappeared, Steve had remained in the room and wore a wide grin at the sight of the two of them together. “The team’s eating breakfast together,” Steve explained.
Peter seemed to perk up at that, while Tony still looked skeptical about the whole thing. They’d had a dinner of a basic pasta alfredo, and had jabbered on about video games for most of the night, until Pepper had reminded everyone that she was actually the best at the old fighting game.
By the time morning came around Tony was more than happy to stumble out of the bed and into the dining room, finding that Bruce and Sam had taken the liberty of making him breakfast. He convinced the two of them that he needed to test out his coffee machine, and got away with drinking three separate cups before they caught on and restricted his access to the machine for his own health.
The water was coming, and there was nothing that Tony could do to stop it. He tried but failed to hold his breath on time, and immediately started to flail when he was dunked into the dark bucket.
Steve stepped forward, standing next to the soldier as he let his gaze fall on the quivering figure in front of them. “You failed,” it was a statement. “You claimed to be the best at your job, and you failed.”
“The itsy-bitsy spider went up the waterspout,” a very familiar voice sung eerily into the com. “Down came the rain and washed the spider out.” And the com went dead.
He noticed Bruce was standing by a huge brick grill, built so that there was a counter space where they could prepare or set ingredients down on the side.
“I came for some more bows,” Clint explained, grinning as he examined the marks on Tony’s neck. “And I can see that you came, last night.” Before the blushing man could reply Steve took a hand and smacked the back of Clint’s head, hard.
Tony was proud of his creation, considering the A.I. was more intelligent than most people. The emotions that Jarvis had started to show upon his creation had never startled Tony, only bringing him the comfort he had sought after the loss of a man he’d loved.
“And then you went overseas, and you were almost killed.” Bucky sneered, tightening his arms where they had wrapped around Tony’s waist. “The man you trusted hurt you.”
Steve Rogers, clad in a darker colored version of his original uniform, smiled savagely as he rushed towards Tony.   Bucky Barnes following close behind with the same wicked glint in his eyes that spoke of a victory not yet obtained.
“Right here! You’re going here!” Tony clapped his hand like he had just found the most brilliant secret to have ever been discovered.
Using his free hand, he wrapped his arm around the tiny little body, finally able to let out a breath as the little areas where Peter had jabbed faded into a dull throb. “I may be younger kiddo, but that doesn’t mean you can pummel me into the ground.”
One of Barnes’ hands slipped up so that it rested over the softly glowing arc reactor, and the genius was quickly starting to catch on that they knew more than most. He shook his head, trying not to relive a moment that only his closest friends should have known about.
Again, Peter rolled his eyes and stood, holding out a hand to help Tony from the sofa. “That’s not the right line, its bad feeling. And, he was usually right.”
When Peter realized that the man had fallen asleep, the kid had snatched the remote and started to channel surf until he found something he wanted to watch. It was an action film, one that he had watched with Tony before.
“Who’s Flerken?” Tony turned his head, letting Peter remove his own clothing before the kid climbed up and into the warm water.
He had stated that he hadn’t revealed a single thing while in captivity, and that they had tortured him in hopes that he would speak, but Peter hadn’t cracked. Peter had also explained that he had truly thought there was no danger, that the group of former heroes were supposed to have been in Russia. Had it been their enforcement squad going after the teen, he would have easily gotten away.
The group had started to leave them alone after realizing that with her size and lack of powers, there was no way she could harm Tony. And with the genius being so compliant of everyone’s demands and his new life, no one questioned that he would try anything funny. Not anymore.
Clint immediately snorted, hand moving down to finish the last restraint on Tony’s leg. “If you were a prisoner you wouldn’t be laying on these lovely Egyptian sheets.” Standing up the man ran to the hall door and came back seconds later with a wheelchair.
“See who, kid?” Tony asked. “Who could be so important that you’d risk going out there, without saying anything?”
He had been taken from the bunker at some point, and made to live with his former colleagues. There had been horrible mind manipulation that he had never agreed to, but had no ability to change. Just as he had started to find himself feeling warm towards the two men that were obsessed with him, Jarvis had broken in with a… a blond and rescued him.
Almost catatonic, lost to the memories of a cave, Tony didn’t respond to any of the words being repeated to him. It was almost as if the man had left his own body, and didn’t even register as he was lifted, dressed, and hurried into the bedroom.
“You hush and let the kid enjoy his movie,” Bucky grumbled, one hand wrapped around the bundle of blanket that was Peter, the other moving to rest on Tony’s hip. The man’s thumb absent mindedly rubbing back and forth on his hip as he stared at the screen.
Sauntering into the bathroom, he set the boy on his little feet and smiled when big brown eyes gazed up at him and his mouth fell into a pout.
He dodges several times, yelping as he hears the bots getting closer. He can also hear the team, chasing behind them in an attempt to stop the things from killing him.
What no one could have planned for was that de-aging Tony would have also made the man more susceptible to things that had happened in his early twenties.
Leaning forward, looking completely unconcerned by the threat of the smaller man before him, Steve spoke gently.
His gaze lifted to Peter’s anguished face. He had grown up, looking more and more like an adult. He’d filled out, and there was more muscle mass under his baggy sweater. He opened his mouth to promise the kid that he’d never leave him again… but then he realized that he couldn’t. The soldiers wouldn’t ever let him go, and something in his gut told him that unless the rebellion group managed to kill them off, nothing could be done to ultimately save him.
If they could retrieve someone from the rebellion, it was likely they could garner where the group was keeping Tony. Well, at least that was one of their choices when it came to finding the genius.
Temper finally rising, Tony had given him a tongue lashing. The food tray having gone flying across the room as the man attempted to get off the bed and away from the super soldier. He hadn’t been prepared for Steve to lunge.
I live!! Thank you for the comments, kudos, bookmarks, etc! You guys are the best! Sorry that I've slowed down so drastically on updates, but I swear I'm not abandoning the story, I'm just a slow writer. I hope you enjoy this chapter! :)
Tony hated that he could feel his eyes watering, but used every ounce of willpower he could muster to keep the tears from falling. “I can’t… I won’t stand a chance against them. If they have one of you Pep, I wouldn’t even fight them, to keep you safe.”
Suddenly Pepper wondered if the stress was finally getting to Tony, and he was slowly becoming unhinged. She raised a brow with a frown on her lips, “you want to send us to barren lands?”
Instead of moving backward, Tony tried to move forward but was once again stopped by the hand on his shoulder. His cry of pain was followed by, “get in the craft!”
Taking a moment, he started to assess the damage on his body. The fever was present, but mild in consideration to what it had been when he’d been in the bunker. The breathing was still tough, but it was a lot easier with the mask someone had strapped over his mouth and connected to the oxygen tank by the bed.
Finally, Steve turned the handle and opened the doors, leading the way into one of the largest rooms Tony had seen since his own penthouse suite. The room featured floor to ceiling windows, displaying all of New York. They were high up, and if Tony squinted he could barely make out that this was no longer the city he remembered.
“Because I was given a mission, and I intend on following through.” She stands, still smiling as Sam shows up in the doorway, telling her it’s time for a training session.
Bucky had appeared, taking Tony away to dry him and make sure he was in warm clothing. He got very little help from the man, who was clearly in a state of shock, but managed to get Tony curled under the covers quickly.
With a shout Tony throws himself back, falling to the ground as Bruce flings himself forward, falling into the training room below as he slowly changes into the green monster he’s known for.
“We don’t have an official name, but we’re known as the rebellion.” Carol grinned over her shoulder, opening a door to the right just as the lights of another train started to light up the area.
The fire that had been slowly dampening started to light up again, something akin to hope starting to shine in the trembling genius’ body.
“The system…” The voice was quiet, the lead technician not daring to make eye contact as he spoke. “That… Jarvis… He created actual artificial intelligence. We didn’t have the capability, we weren’t prepared to-”
Peter was having a hard time keeping a straight face as the craft descended, one of his hands tightly clutching Tony’s as they tried to get a glance at the hallway that led to the cockpit.
The thought of Peter getting taken was more frightening then being taken in by the men again. If he had to, Tony would easily throw himself in harm’s way if it meant protecting a kid that had officially referred to him as his father.
“I heard you were cute, I didn’t realize you’d be this cute,” the man pointed out. “And the way you rescued that kid!” It was obvious the archer at least respected Tony’s intellect, even if he was on the wrong side of the genius’ problem.
Turning in his seat, Tony raised a brow as Happy Hogan uncrossed his arms and ambled into the room. He mirrored the genius’ expression, taking a seat on the wooden coffee table in front of Tony.
Ignoring the indignant ‘hey’ that comes from the child as he pulls the radio, the genius starts speaking frantically. “Carol? What the hell did you send us?”
Immediately he received a few salutes before one of the technicians (slightly shaking in his boots) held out a report to the blond super soldier.
“Go to sleep,” came a soft command. Tony found that he couldn’t resist the words and quickly sunk into the darkness.
“Never,” Peter paused, letting the word sink in as he took a deep breath. “Never do that to me again.” There was another pause, like the kid was composing himself even as tears slipped free from his eyes. “Please.”
Again, he was taken by surprise. Tony hadn’t expected any sort of praise from a man whom he’d once helped imprison.
With the door closing softly behind him, Tony sauntered down the hallway until he’d found the large area of the warehouse again. T’Challa and Rhodey were nowhere in sight, but the Dora Milaje had stationed themselves around the open kitchen to snack on whatever food was in the warehouse.
The morning had been a little easier, with Tony awake and chattering as he had begun to do so around the group. Of course, it lacked his usual cursing.
A straw was suddenly in his face, a worried Rhodey holding the cup of water up with slightly trembling hands. Tony didn’t question it, taking the water and sighing in relief when it smoothed the ache in his throat.
Standing by the kitchen counter is none other than Jarvis. The man is smiling at him, eyes sparkling as he looks at Tony proudly. The man speaks gently, “whatever they do to you, they cannot take your soul. They will never break the spirit of the boy I raised. Start a spark Tony, and let it blaze like a wildfire.”
“If they ask me, I don’t trust myself not to reveal it. If they try to figure out what you’re doing, I might talk. Please, Carol, just…. don’t. Just take care of yourself and forget about me.”
He blearily looks around, realizing that they had left him to sleep it off alone. The soft sound of the oxygen machine the only noise in the quiet room.
“Okay buddy, I need a little fire power to escape!” Tony yelped, relieved when a light finally beamed from his hand and tossed the woman several feet in the air.
The bed is covered in a soft cream duvet, and there are plenty of soft pillows to prop himself up with. The color scheme seems to be a cross between pastels and a darker blue, someone clearly had made the room with the intention of making it feel homey.
He leans down so he’s eye level with Tony, taking the man’s face in both hands so that brown eyes can no longer look at the blond across the room.
With desperation he reached towards Bucky and followed with another kiss of the same intensity. “Make me forget,” he finally begged. “Please…”
The archer had come up with the idea of setting up a gaming system in the room and had failed on multiple occasions to get the genius to play along with them. He’d tried every kind of game he could think of, but Tony refused claiming he’d never been into the thing. Again, he wouldn’t admit that it reminded him of Peter.
“Was that Peter?” Tony didn’t know if he wanted the answer, wanted the confirmation that they had taken away his snarky teenager. But then again, he had his memories, Carol had retained hers, what’s to say that the child didn’t remember too?
Brown eyes flick to the ceiling, secretly glad for the oxygen mask as he’s finally able to catch his breath. He started to think on what he’d seen when he’d been in the corridor. Obviously, they had some sort of security to watch over him. Now whether they’d be shooting at him again or not was another question entirely, and that meant escape was a bit tricky if his guards were trigger happy.
The blond had settled Tony into the bedroom, making sure he was tucked in and truly asleep before joining him in bed. The genius had woken long enough to give a slight grumble of protest, trying to escape the solid arm that had wrapped around his waist. However, there was no fighting it as Steve’s body spooned him close from behind, holding him protectively.
Throwing two activators on his wrists, in case he had to call his suit, Rhodey gave a mock salute towards the two brunettes and started after T’Challa and the Dora Milaje.
He looked around, trying to find the hose that someone had inevitably used to clean up the blood that had surely already been spilled. It was pristine, whomever had cleaned the room last had done an excellent job at hiding what exactly had gone on inside it.
Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes were dressed in their battle gear. Both figures menacing as they took in each person that was hurrying towards the craft. However, unlike the rest of the group Rhodey turned and activated the suit.
Immediately, the bots are moving, going after each avenger with skills that they had never had before. The Black Widow barely dodges a sharp jab to her leg, and the team is shouting as they work to fight the machines that are slowly getting out of control. Beams shoot at the Falcon, the man taking to the air to dodge the deadly fire.
Before either soldier could continue forward, War Machine and the Black Panther (a moniker Tony had only ever heard in passing but was spot on for the king) blurred into action. The men moved like they had been training for the fight their whole life, limbs and weapons flying, heads ducking.
Bucky, still dripping with water beside them, settled his hand on Tony’s shoulder to gently nudge him from what could quickly turn into a panic attack.
The soldier had caught the man trying to sneak out of the room, taking advantage that Bucky was in the restroom to inspect the door. Quickly, he’d been thrown over the man’s lap like a disobedient child and gotten a rather harsh spanking. And while it was humiliating enough, Bucky hadn’t stopped when the door had opened to admit Natasha.
“Are we doing anything with our brains here? Or are we just going to sit and chat about a non-existent world?”
Immediately, several holograms floated before them in different shades of color. Tony used swiping motions until all that was left was a large map of Africa, an overview of the land. He used a pinching motion and watched as the hologram zoomed in to show a satellite view of the area.
“I fell… and she... I mean… what…” Peter couldn’t form a sentence, finally free from Shuri, he threw himself to his feet like he had been on lava. “We started the transfer process Mr. King T’Challa, sir.”
“Do you even know what a child acts like when they’re that old?” Tony teased, knowing for certain that he had absolutely no idea.
One of them was telling him to breathe. Tony looked up with every intention of telling the person to go to hell when brown eyes clashed with concerned blue. He recognized the eyes immediately, and didn’t stop the knee jerk reaction as he lurched forward and latched onto the man’s shirt.
When morning had come, the group of former heroes had all appeared from the recesses of the mansion looking as if they hadn’t overheard any of the commotion that had happened between the two super soldiers and Tony.
It was strange, that they wanted to do so. It was their fault he was in distress in the first place.
Waiting until everyone was out of the room, Steve finally spoke up. “Tony loves us Buck, I’m not letting him get away.” He turned so that he was facing his lover, the brunette still looking murderous where he stood. “He told me he loves us, and she took him.”
“Let’s go,” she held out a hand, not complaining when Tony didn’t take it, but stood up on his own. “Loki is in the tower, but he’s banned from your lab. We don’t know if he held a grudge against you and don’t want to risk anything. If you see him, you scream, got it?”
The silence stretched for too long, because Bruce finally looked up with something akin to concern. Tony knew that they would be reporting whatever happened between him and the now child, so he forced a smile and broke the silence with a harsh laugh.
Peter groaned, lifting a hand to his temple like Tony had committed the world’s worst crime. “You can’t say stuff like that!”
Her armor shrunk back into the watch, the suit folding into itself until it formed what looked like a frumpy backpack, that she quickly threw over her own shoulder instead of handing it over to Tony.
“Anthony Stark, if you ever do something that stupid again, I will find you and kill you myself!” Pepper Potts shrieked, her eyes watering as she glared at the stunned man.
“Tony, please.” Steve spoke gently. “We have to get him healed up; he won’t even be awake for the cuts. No pain.”
Stepping into the sound, smell, and sight of the outside world in the room he’d create specifically for relaxation, Tony smiled. Maria Carbonell had loved the beach, and the memory was one that he had held fondly of his mother.
The man flew backwards, Peter landing in a crouch just in front of the open ramp. The suit Tony had made for him in the bunker when they’d dreamed of saving the city hugging his body.
The fear, adrenaline, and confusion are making him more tired, and Tony only wishes to go back to bed.
At twenty-seven, Tony Stark watched as the group of heroes turned against the government. He watched as they teamed up with a man formally known as James Buchanan Barnes, and destroyed the system. Steve Rogers had come to the conclusion that if the world he’d woken up in was no longer running as his original team had intended, then they would force it to run as they wanted.
“I… I can’t,” Tony managed to squeeze out through the ball in his chest. He thought of the last ‘test’ he’d seen and how so many people had gruesomely died in front of him.
With one hand she curled his own into a fist; with the other she gently cupped Tony’s cheek. Her expression going from hard to soft in seconds.
To his surprise, the door slid open without struggle. It took a moment to process that he didn’t have to fight to get out of the room, and Tony took a quick moment to look for guards outside the door.
Her eyes narrowed for a moment before observing the watch, and then grinning and stepping back so that the camera’s would catch the action.
Thank you for the comments, kudos, and bookmarks! Thank you for liking a story, I always get nervous updating, but I hope you enjoy this chapter too! :)
The blond quickly shakes his head in disagreement, trying to swing so that he can wrap his arms around the suit. He fails each time as Tony maneuvers in a way that keeps him hanging in the air. The blood going to Tony’s head as he dangles upside down.
Seeing the distress coming from the older man, Peter curled his little fists into Tony’s shirt and allowed himself to be hugged, relaxing when the man’s chin rested softly on the top of his head. He’d deny the tears that fell down his own face, sniffling softly against the adopted father he had believed to have lost for a second time.
“It doesn’t matter that you’re just a kid, the man has no qualms about using you to get to Tony,” a new voice broke the tension in the room.
By the time they had finished setting up the swing-set and tested it to make sure it was functional, Tony had almost given in to the urge to hit the captain. The man had tripped and almost brought the whole thing crashing down but caught himself on Tony.
He must have fallen asleep through the film, feeling exhausted from the events of the day and still recovering from the shock of his captivity. His family had kept him warm, safe. It was obvious that either Happy or Rhodey had taken it upon themselves to carry him to bed.
“See!” Peter cried out, his little hands moving to fumble him up and out of the archer’s lap. He only managed to get up a tiny bit before falling, barely catching himself as his little body sprawled completely over the archer’s legs.
Flicking on the shower, Tony turned and faced himself in the small mirror above the sink for the first time.
Tony had huffed, but otherwise hadn’t commented after he’d received a hug and a promise that the other man would be careful.
“Six months ago, Tony Stark, former CEO of Stark Industries, disappeared with a mutant on the streets of New York. And while we don’t believe Tony to be dangerous, we are worried for his safety near this mutant.” With those words, James Barnes stepped forward, looking cleaner than Tony had ever seen him.
Thank you for all the kudos, all the comments, and all the bookmarks! I hope that I can continue to do this story the justice it deserves. I feel like this chapter was a little rushed :( but I hope you like it!
The second victim had been a man caught trying to rob a convenience store, and while he hadn’t been an international terrorist, nothing would stop him from following in the prior man’s footsteps. When he had screamed Tony didn’t bother trying to hold back the tears streaming down his face. He figured that someone should cry for the poor victim.
They left the large area of the warehouse into a more secluded hallway. It was well lit and posters maintaining that they were in nothing but a parts warehouse littered the walls. The area was clean, looking anything but dingy as they moved. It was also obvious that whomever was cleaning the place was on top of their game, the floors shining underneath their feet.
He had fully expected to be free or in a jail cell, so his current predicament wasn’t something he’d even thought out.  He also had a bad feeling that Loki would be doing something against him, that he would tell the group of Tony’s true intentions in the training room.
“Or protect him,” Steve added, the anger dissipating. “He can stay in the lab, with Tones. He won’t need to fight when we got him.”
“Yes,” the man smiled. “And when someone loves you, they don’t hurt you. They don’t imprison you. If they loved you, they’d let you go.” Edwin reiterated.
Affection between the two super soldiers and himself had grown. They hadn’t quite moved passed kissing, but the genius was growing more comfortable with their attention.  He’d even convinced Steve to give him an old watch that he would update as a gift for his “new kid” by giving the man a rather passionate lip lock.
Big hands lifted his face to look into worried blue eyes, Bucky cooing gently as he placed several kisses along Tony’s face. “You’re okay doll,” he reassured the trembling genius.
“Of course, kiddo,” Bucky agreed, leaning forward to sweep Peter into his arms with a gentle kiss planted right atop of his brown curls. “And Uncle Clint will get the food prepped because he offered to make it.” It was an order, not a suggestion.
A hand seemed to move forward and squeeze his heart, and as Tony tried to veer his attention away from the screen there was no stopping the whimper as the room started to spin, closing in on him. He found himself unable to catch his breath, and soon enough the room was gone and nothing but the sounds of the group that had tortured him in the desert surrounded him.
Throwing the safety googles onto the top of his head, Tony raised a brow and tilted his head slightly, silently asking the question without actually speaking. What had she figured out?
Before anyone could even think to tease Bucky again or to come up with a solution on getting the child to eat, Peter twisted in his chair and brought both fists down to smash into the oatmeal bowl. Having made the mistake of putting the plate directly in front of the child, Bucky took the brunt of the meal. With the superhuman strength still intact, the bowl immediately shattered as both oatmeal and plastic flew in every direction.
The furniture had been created out of old wood, the words vintage screaming through Tony’s mind as he peered at the well-worn chair to the right of the bed, leading to two separate doors. Obviously, one would be a closet, and the other a bathroom. A large screen had been set up on the wall in front of the bed, a projector attached to the ceiling obviously meant to make the experience be more like a theater.
Steve’s weight wasn’t a burden on the suit, and Tony quickly adjusted so that the two were hovering several feet over the air, but close to the top of a building so that the man could let go with a safe landing. After all, the feelings couldn’t just disappear overnight.
“I’ll fix the bots,” Tony broke the silence between himself and the soldier. “Obviously, a little less tough this time.”
The genius was sitting in his shock when he found a Black Sabbath shirt thrown over his head to sit gently over his torso. Why wasn’t he protesting the physical contact he’d had with the two men? Was he that afraid to lash out?
Tony hid the flinch well and found himself slightly glad when Steve led the way out of the kitchen without picking him up. He left the blanket pooled by the bar stool, the only evidence beyond the dishes of their morning argument.
His fingers started to squeeze into Peter’s clothing, surprised when the teen pulled back to meet his gaze. The brown eyes that reflected Tony’s so beautifully stared right back at him, a mixture of relief and anger crossing the kid’s expression.
Plucking a cookie from the plate after taking off the plastic, Tony didn’t hesitate to dip the cookie into the liquid. He noticed that Peter’s big brown eyes were solely focused on his face, wanting to see if Tony liked the baked goods that he had helped make.
“Why don’t I set you down on the sofa, and I’ll fill you up a plate?” Rogers offers, not waiting for confirmation as he turns from the table and towards a sitting area.
Tony can’t hide the flinch, reminded of the movie marathons he used to have with Peter in the bunker. His heart sinks, thinking about the group that had been sent to the unknown city. Had they made it? Were they doing alright? Were they mad at him? Would they ever forgive him?
The only way to control the situation, would be to manipulate it from the inside. Changing the views of the former heroes would be nearly impossible.
Tony whimpered again, the words not processing as all he could feel was the water going up to his chest. He could hear the screams, the anger. Finally, managing to work his muscles enough, “please.”
And right there, on the screen positioned just next to a dock in California, was a flashing light. But it was more than that, the plan that had ultimately been set in motion so long ago had worked.
One afternoon, when he and Carol had finally been trusted to work on things alone, he handed her the finished watch. At first she had been puzzled, glancing at the colors similar to Steve’s own uniform, before raising her brows at the grinning genius.
Without waiting for Tony’s agreement, Bucky reached forward and gingerly removed the genius’ shirt. It was quickly followed up by the rest of his garments until the man was left in only his boxers, the soldier moving across the room to start the large shower nearby.
Taking Rhodey’s advice, Tony immediately fell back onto the bed and pretended to be hurt more than he was. It did nothing, as she paused by his groaning form and smacked his shoulder with the force of someone who wanted to leave a bruise.
The two of them cleared the hallway, deftly avoiding open areas in case one of the former heroes managed to attack them. Large pieces of concrete lay scattered across the floor, the sofa they had been laughing on only moments earlier completely destroyed.
The genius snorted, “you can’t have movie night with anything healthy though… and knowing Pepper right now.”
However, the relief only lasted a second as he truly took in the two people in the room. What had happened?
Another bang sounded, this one bringing more light and getting the intruders even closer to breaking into the facility.
Tony, having heard the sound, was on his feet, screaming. “Kid? Peter? Peter, what the hell is happening?”
“Hey kiddo,” Steve gently greeted Peter as he sat down on the opposite side of his chair, holding open both arms. “Can I get a hug?”
Just barely missing being flattened by the thing, the two of them entered a dimly lit hallway that had obviously had better days. There were cobwebs between the lights and walls, what looked like small puddles of water randomly scattered throughout the hall. Someone had painted it black, making it ominous and very uninviting.
As promised, Bucky had woken him with coffee that morning, and Steve had been sitting nearby reading through some reports. The two had fussed and helped him get ready for the day, before wheeling him to breakfast with the team. He had been more talkative with the group, even laughing at a few of Clint’s jokes. No one remarked that the spark Tony had been missing was suddenly back.
“I’ll humor you kid, what’s your plan?” He felt absolutely sapped, all the high emotions sending him on a plummet to simple exhaustion.
“We can protect you better if you’re with us sweetheart,” Steve added. One hand rested on the golden door handle of the double doors behind him. “This is the Avengers living area. We don’t want to keep you in the vault anymore, not after today.”
“You are calling me fat!” He pointed a finger at the girl, “And you know that I’m not out of shape, I’m just squishy and loveable at the moment.”
There are several feet between the bed and all the doors. Someone placed a cozy looking loveseat against the wall. It looks comfortable, covered in almost as many cushions as the bed. A framed photo of an old Van Gogh painting hangs above it.
A hand settled on the brunette’s shoulder before he could explode again, eyes burning with unadulterated hatred.
The living room had been set up to accommodate several people, although Tony wasn’t surprised to find himself squished between Rhodey and Pepper. Peter had made himself at home sitting on the floor between the genius’ legs, and Happy and May sat on the sofa nearby, but close enough that either could easily reach Tony.
It was beautiful and looked like something that only the genius would come up with. It had fit the escape wonderfully, the same colors as Cap’s own uniform, a mockery to the soldiers.
“It appears as if you are the most troublesome, still.” The man sounds a bit fond as he speaks, looking up and throwing a dagger from his belt. The thing goes straight through one of the oncoming threats, the bot staggering for a moment before it starts forward again.
And soon, the group of vengeful heroes basically ran the planet. Rules and regulations were set, harsh punishments were set forth. Anyone with powers was required to step forward and work with the team of former heroes, or risk dying.
Tony jolted out of the bed faster than he could process, feet already moving before he’d even hit the ground.
Trying to be quick, a hand moved into his view, reaching for one of the objects that had been settled	right in front of the toddler in a large pile. It was moved back just as quickly as Peter threw his arms out and slapped at the limb.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Rhodey hissed, his fist banging on the table, eyes glued to the screen in front of him.
“Tones!” Their hug was brief. Tony using their embrace to turn Peter so that he could push him into the suit.
It took ten minutes. Ten minutes of agonizing sounds, before all that was left was a puddle of human parts. It was fortunate that Tony didn’t have anything in his stomach, he would have thrown up long ago.
After making sure Tony was no longer hooked up, Bruce helped the man get to the edge of the bed and to his feet. He didn’t hesitate to wrap his arm around Tony’s waist and walk him towards the bathroom, but instead of leaving him at the door the man continued into the room.
Tony had opened his mouth to scream, when Rogers shoved something inside. Moving faster than the genius could follow, the blond wrapped a restraint around his lower torso, keeping his arms and hands trapped to his sides.
“You, on the other hand, got worse. The rain didn’t help with the state you were in, and you caught a cold on top of the attack.” She reached forward, running a hand through his hair. “You’re on bedrest for at least a week.”
The question seems to go through his eyes, as Barnes pulls back with a nod towards Rogers to explain what the genius is witnessing. “This was your design,” is all he says.
Another plate had been put beside the woman, covered up to keep in the heat but obviously freshly made, just waiting to be eaten. Before Tony could make his own presence known, the assassin glanced up and nodded her head towards the plate.
She paused for a moment, hesitant to agree. But the woman could count on a single hand how many times she had seen Tony Stark so close to crying, and reached out so that she could grab onto his trembling limb. “I promise.”
“But what if the serum accelerates the process?” Peter panicked. “What if you get sick and you can’t fix it?”
Tony believed it, and right then and there decided he’d do whatever he could to make sure she got out of the building alive.
“Yeah,” the warm smile that greeted him was familiar. “It’s me and Pete, you’re okay man. Let Strange finish you up.”
The man was quick to respond, throwing the shield onto its holster on his back and lifting Tony with a single arm to look him over for injuries. The mild fever alongside the run had left his skin pink and flushed; his lungs were desperately trying to get air and wouldn’t allow a word to pass as Tony stared at the soldier in fear. His calf on his lower leg, however, was a bloody red mess from where a bullet had obviously gone through it.
When Iron Man had flown a missile into the sky and almost died saving the world, he had started to look into the man. A few years younger than Steve, Tony had quite a reputation. His company donated a lot of money to charities around the world, and a lot of his inventions had helped poor communities start to prosper.
Tony can’t bring himself to close his eyes, and although he doesn’t sit up like the two around him, it’s easy to tell that he’s not even attempting to sleep. His brain racing a mile a minute, trying to figure out his reaction from the unexpected affection he’d received throughout the day.
Tony started to watch movies, mad at himself for carrying about the soldiers and missing them, but unable to stop the strange surge of feelings.
With a soft smile Steve pulled back and grabbed a cup that Tony hadn’t noticed him carrying when he’d walked in the door. It brought a warm feeling when he realized it was coffee made specifically for him.
The girl had refused to help Tony since the moment they had left the two of them to their own devices several hours back.
“He’ll slip up, they always do.” Natasha conceded nearby, also glancing at the screens. “It’s only a matter of time. And when he does, we’ll be there.”
Jarvis had been his most brilliant creation. The AI had turned off all traces, and constantly worked to make sure that no one discovered any information on where they were.
“I know that Buck explained this to you earlier, but he and I, we’ll be the protectors.” The man practically preened as he spoke, flexing his muscles as the side of his lips lifted in a smile. “You’ve got the brain, and I know the kid does too, you can teach him. Be his real dad. Bucky and I will teach him other stuff.”
With a sigh he used the wall to support his bad leg and moved slowly in the direction of where he had mapped out the dining room and kitchen. Maybe he could get into the lab and start to work on some upgrades of the machines, steal a few pieces for his own devices.
They’d trained again, this time even May had joined to learn how to throw a punch properly. And then the group had watched films, thrown a small party, and done whatever seemed to make Peter happy. However, Tony hadn’t missed the look on the kid’s face as if something were missing.
“I want the blue blanket!” Peter shrieked, his little hands reaching out to snatch the requested object from Tony’s lap, who had moved the blanket to the sofa.
Knowing it was wrong but seeing as it was his only source of comfort, the genius buried his face into the shirt in front of him and curled as close as humanly possible to the soldier. “Steve,” the name came out broken.
“Well, he is determined,” Bucky observed, watching the figure disappear over the graveyard wall. “Isn’t it bad luck to enter the place of the dead at night?”
“And you’re going to act like a six year old child?” Tony raised a brow, room coming back into focus. He was startled to find Peter at face level, the kid having climbed to the top of the sink while he had been lost in his thoughts.
Glancing up to catch her eye, the genius took a moment to observe the small dot on her arm where her skin was consistently irritated. They injected her daily so that her powers wouldn’t return, and Tony had taken to keeping a close eye on her health to monitor any negative affects the injection could have.
“You are not!” Tony protested before anyone could continue. “If they even catch a glimpse of you, then it’s over.”
He didn’t process anything until he was naked, wrapped in a large towel, curled into a rocking super soldiers’ chest as the man repeatedly promised that the punishment wouldn’t be recurring. Tony blinked tired eyes, met the blue worried gaze, and had broken into sobs.
Clint and Sam also started to come into his room, and Tony quickly realized that if Bucky or Steve weren’t with him, one or two of the other team members would take their place. He was never quite alone and had barely convinced the group to at least let him use the restroom without them. Unfortunately, Steve and Bucky still supervised showers, although they weren’t as involved as they had been the first time.
Without warning, the girl raised her hand towards his face, ignoring that Tony struggled desperately to get away from the approaching touch. The moment their skin made contact, the room washed away from Tony’s sight. He couldn’t scream, couldn’t struggle, as the scene began to play out in front of his eyes.
“I would rather die than spend another moment on a planet run by such despicable excuses for heroes,” she looked directly at Tony. “Whatever they do to you, remember that they cannot take your soul. They cannot break your spirit. My mother told me about the great things you did Tony Stark.” Startled at hearing that the woman knew him, Tony reeled back.
Reaching forward he carefully pulled three visible pieces out, cringing when Peter winced and tried to pull away although he didn’t use his full strength.
“I’m still okay, I’m heading back right now you guys.” He stood, brushing the grass stains from his jeans. “I told him about you guys, he would have wanted to meet you.”
The room was warm, with floral patterned curtains and decorations of blue and yellow. The walls had been painted a soft white, looking stained and old, but well lived in. The bed had been covered in a handmade quilt, the floral pattern matching the curtain. Soft pillows cradling their heads. Tony would compare sleeping on the bed to sleeping on a cloud, but instead he settled for an overgrown marshmallow as he’d never really felt a cloud.
There’s no hiding the small slump of his shoulders at the question, thinking about how he used to be able to fly in the armor. How it was a piece of technology that had both freed him, and ultimately imprisoned him.
Tony had even managed to get a promise out of Steve that the girl wouldn’t undergo any sort of torture. That she would be simply kept in her room and fed regularly, like she deserved.
“You ripped away his life!” He couldn’t stop the scream, the sudden outrage giving him energy as he threw himself from the sofa.
The backup generator finally turned on, the red lights installed to indicate that something was wrong giving the air a creepy glow.
“I’ll take the restraints off, but you have to promise you won’t rip anything out. It’s for your own good,” the gentle voice drifted through his brain, a fog still keeping the genius confused.
“Follows you bird, follows you! That means they can’t just leave the damn place without having it follow the-“ He stops talking, eyes focused on the screen again as a failed exorcism is performed on a different man.
Peter’s head flung to the screen, the movement of the plants already stopping. Whether that was alarming or not was something that the teenager couldn’t decide.
“Oh baby,” he murmured. “I’m so sorry. I’m so, so sorry.” The words were repeated, a gentle lullaby that slowly lulled Tony into a state of ease. The man sinking underneath the darkness again.
Tony doesn’t know how to react. Would it be suspicious to get too excited? Would they take away the lab? We’re they so trusting that they would let him have access to something potentially deadly?
The smug look on their faces died almost instantly when they finally got a good look at Tony. The man was sitting up in the hospital bed, as pale as a sheet of paper and hardly managing to catch his breath. Rhodey stood over him, rubbing comforting circles down his back as he tried to prevent another disaster from happening.
Refusing to hang up the phone, Rhodey had explained that they wanted a play by play of everything that was happening around Peter. Just to hear the kids voice was comforting for all the adults in the room.
made me watch as people died and told me it was because I didn’t behave for you!” He spat. “Barnes took it upon himself to try to spank me, and
“Can we have a movie night?” Peter asked, turning to glance at Tony with a large grin lighting up his face.
From the glare he received, Tony shrugged. “Help me out here Carol. I need a good name for you, and I’m working with those two letters. It can’t be Carol Minion…. It’s needs to be something fantastic, amazing!”
Running his good hand over his face, Tony tried to wake himself without rustling his kid. Unfortunately, Peter was sensitive to the movements and instantly shot awake, sitting up with a cry.
Tony didn’t know how long he’d been watching the screen, eyes wide and body trembling, unable to move to grab the remote.
“Please Brucie… please. We can talk about this, just put it down gently.” He moved forward, freezing when the creature lifted the server over his head.
“Buck,” he heard the blond say just before Barnes, holding him, turned so that Tony could no longer look at the scene unfolding just behind them. But he knew what happened, recognized the sounds of the gun going off and that of a body falling lifelessly to the floor.
The memories were swimming in the forefront of his mind, but whatever drugs he had been put on kept them just out of reach. He could hear someone furiously typing nearby and wondered what the hell had pissed them off that they were hitting the keys so hard.
When he tilted his head to meet Peter’s mischievous smile, the man got a face full of cake. Before he could so much as squeak in surprise, the child had grabbed the plate and hopped onto Steve’s lap and off the bench, running from the table with a delighted scream.
Without saying a word, Bucky lifts Tony from the bed and out of the room, going in the opposite direction that Clint and Natasha disappeared to. He tucks the genius’ head into his chin, throwing Steve a look that speaks volumes as the blond catches up to the pair.
Hearing that his kid who couldn’t possibly bake had made him something that looked edible was enough to get the male to reach forward.
“No, we’re going to go.” He waved a hand, “get the quinjet ready, I want to make sure we don’t miss our opportunity.”
“Warm!” Peter cried as they neared the door. Both soldiers frowned, stopping as Peter used his powers to quickly climb up and over Bucky’s shoulder. Caught when he made to jump to the ground by the metal arm. “Daddy needs warm!” The little boy explained, trying to get to the limp figure on the bed.
“Tony,” Steve spoke after a moment. “Come here babe,” he held out his arms, glad that the male didn’t protest but instead crawled into them the moment Bucky had set him on the bed.
Tony shrugged after a moment had passed, realizing that the kid wasn’t wrong. And Peter had always been intelligent; they could brush off any abnormalities to his intellect.
Blinking weary eyes open, Tony took in the smell of coffee and bacon wafting through the air. Peter’s messy brown locks the first thing in sight, resting gently on his chest as the boy in question breathed deeply in his sleep.
At the look of confusion that hadn’t melted from her face, he held up her wrist and pointed towards the small round button on the side, the gold shining in the lights of the lab. “Recognize that?”
The bots and Peter had been an exception, the first were creations he’d made specifically to help, and he considered sacred despite their mistakes. The latter was able to keep up with him in both mind and movement, at times doing things even faster than Tony could catch up to. He rarely had to even glance up before Peter would start to pass over whatever he was looking for with a cheshire grin on his face.
Something ached at the thought of his AI, and a feeling settled deep in his gut. It was the sudden dread that kept Tony from calling out, what if something bad had happened to Jarvis?
“Star Wars,” Tony grumbled, rolling his eyes. “Why don’t we start on the first one? The Phantom Menace, right?”
“Everyone I consider to be one of my people, my… family, get’s a nickname. Rhodey is Platypus or Honeybear, Peter is Kid, so I can’t call you that even if it would fit.” Tony deftly dodged a pencil thrown at his head as Carol whisked her hand to the counter beside them.
At twenty-five, Steve Rogers was no longer a lost icon in history. And the Avengers Initiative had begun. Tony refused to get involved, but when the world had been endangered, used the suit to fly a missile into the sky. The team had tried to thank him, but his AI, adequately named Jarvis, had flown him from the scene.
The redhead laughed before standing, taking both their empty dishes and throwing them in the sink. It was weird, seeing her in civilian clothing when she moved like a predator stalking their prey.
Bringing himself to his feet, Bucky released a lazy grin that looked ever so frightening on his face. “That spider kid is going to be our kid, and he managed to shoot you pretty far.” The man tilted his head, “shouldn’t you be proud of him?”
Natasha didn’t hesitate, pulling Peter into her arms and settling the boy in her lap as she sat cross-legged in front of the pile of Legos.
A high tech city appeared before them, lights shining in the distance. Pepper could make out technology that they had only dreamt of creating at Stark Industries. She threw a glance back at the smiling Tony, but found she couldn’t tear her eyes away from the city.
Thank you for the comments, kudos, and bookmarks! You guys motivate me, so I did this a little earlier than I thought I would!!
Without much hesitation, Bucky reached forward and whisked the kid up so that he was settled on his hip. Tony noted how natural the action had been. And made a mental note to get back at the kid for treating him like a human bouncy house.
Tony had let him rant, and then gently explained that he didn’t blame the kid for anything. He’d even wanted to hear more about Peter’s uncle. The two had bonded further, keeping the other company so that the rest of the team could run around and fret over them like mother hens.
The genius looked wide eyed at everyone in the room, unwilling to process what they had heard. And then, his chest hurt, and the room spun. Tony couldn’t remember what happened after that, sinking into the darkness with Peter’s screams still echoing in his ears.
The sound of the water finally stopped, and when Tony settled in the man’s arms from his exhaustion Bucky finally stood. He easily lifted Tony bridal style in his arms, throwing a look at the oxygen tank still attached to the wheelchair as he had a silent conversation with Rogers.
The sweet smile turned teasing as Tony slightly turned to face Peter for a moment. “He almost peed his pants when we rescued him, all freaked out.”
“With Peter, I know that you’re not happy that he’s a little kid, but… the world is so cruel. We just wanted to give you the opportunity to be happy, away from all the worries and concerns of this world. The opportunity to raise him right.”
“What?” Tony slumped completely against the cushions, glad that he wasn’t standing as his legs would surely give out on him if he continued listening to the explanation that was horrifying him.
“How?” Steve crossed his arms over his chest. “Yes, we’ve applied rules to bring order. But we didn’t take away true freedoms.” The soldier paused, taking a moment to put his empty plate in the sink.
A hand rubbed up and down his back, reassuring and reminding him that he was not alone. But he needed to be sure; he needed to make sure that Steve was real and not a figment of his imagination.
“Peter, care to tell them about Jarvis?” He would explain, but the truth was that he wouldn’t get through it without coughing. The rain was freezing, and not helping at all in trying to look strong in front of the group. Had his body always been shaking?
If Tony had to listen to the heart monitor beeping in his ear one more time, he was going to have the conniption Peter had been threatened with. The sound of furious typing at a computer to his right made him realize that he’d have to teach Rhodey a thing or two about using machinery without breaking it.
“Don’t worry Tones!” Peter hadn’t caught the worry. “They’re not even in the country right now, remember?” The teenager had been watching the news of the Avengers with Tony, he was quite aware of what was happening in the world above.
“You have to practice because of that, boss.” Happy held out a hand, looking all too pleased at having thrown Tony down.
Bucky pretended as if nothing had happened, arms wrapping further around the genius. They sat in silence for a while, listening to the sounds of the other’s getting fixed up and Sam complaining that his wrist was sprained.
Bucky had quickly started to use a different method than Steve and wasn’t afraid to somewhat hurt the genius. Although it could be argued that his punishment had wounded Tony’s pride more than physically hurt him.
There was some trepidation beating just behind the emotion that kept his eyes anchored to the door. He knew that he shouldn’t miss the other male as badly as he did, but there was such a moment of vulnerability that all the genius wanted was to curl in the arms of the captain and not move again.
The sixth day had brought another movie night. Tony had been awarded that night for behaving throughout the day. He was handed a hamburger with fries, and a milkshake on the side. After practically inhaling the meal with a muttered ‘thank you,’ Tony had curled up on the couch against Steve.
It didn’t take long to find the living room with plush couches and a huge television. He’d easily gotten to the kitchen, and after some careful searching made himself an extra-large bowl of popcorn.
Hearing hysterical laughter from the table, Tony turned to glare at the archer. “I swear to god Barton, sleep with one eye open!”
“I’m an adult, kiddo. I promise that I won’t let it get too far.” He grinned at the look of disbelief he got for the words. “Okay, I’m kind of an adult?”
With a barely suppressed groan, Tony forced his eyes to slowly blink open. The lights had been dimmed so that they wouldn’t hurt his vision, and he was grateful for the forethought as the room spun in circles around him. There was a tightness to his chest he didn’t remember, and for a moment he thought someone was trying to take the Arc Reactor out again.
Looking between the shower and the chair, Tony steeled himself and used the counter to stand. His legs threatened to give out beneath him, and the room spun for a moment, but he managed to get himself into the shower.
He didn’t like leaving the child alone in the room with the other man, but without screaming and waking the boy, Tony had no choice but to go along silently.
Peter finally lifted his big brown eyes to look at Clint, arms crossing over his chest. He looked like a little businessman whom was about to make the deal of his life with the archer. “Hot dogs. A whole cake, and hot dogs.”
Glad that he hadn’t jumped at the sudden appearance, Tony let himself fall back so that he was leaning back onto Bucky. The soldier wrapping his flesh arm around the man’s waist as the metal arm reached forward and turn the water off.
Pushing the wheelchair closer to one area where the table was adjustable to Tony’s chair height, Steve pointed towards several household items that looked a bit out of commission. “We figured start light, fix some of the broken stuff, maybe make it better?”
His eyes drifted half shut, only opening when he heard a murmured conversation between Bucky and Steve, whom wore nothing but a pair of sweatpants as he lounged in their large bed. One hand held a remote, the other looked at the pair with what Tony could only pinpoint as concern.
He suddenly finds himself standing next to Pepper, whose eyes are gleaming with happy tears as she punches him in the arm, claiming that she was worried.
T’Challa leaned forward on the sofa, looking very much like the king he had been raised to be. “When your family arrived, I knew what had happened. However, we couldn’t act immediately, as the suspicion would have been too great. My sister and your son, they helped figure out how to replicate your suit.”
