Dean was dreaming of being back home again with his parents and Sam. Despite everything, he missed them, especially his brother. Dean was just dreaming of being in the backyard throwing around a baseball with Sam when he was gently woken up by a shake to his shoulder. “Dean, wake up. We can’t be late for dinner.”
“Can I also get a television in here? Please? If I’m going to be confined for months, I need more than books to read,” Dean requested.
Then doctor went off to run his tests, leaving Dean splayed and stretched, still completely unable to move. After what felt like hours, he came back with a concerned look on his face. He had a phone in his hand and was dialing a number. “Mr. Novak? I’m afraid we’ve run into a complication…No, sir, he’s perfectly healthy…we can’t proceed with his condition, sir. You see, he’s pregnant. Which means he’s carrying your grandchild. Any attempt to break him now could harm the child…” the doctor walked out of Dean’s earshot again as he paced in and out of the room.
Castiel laughed. “I was worried about how to bring that up myself. I think three children are going to be more than enough for us to handle.”
“Dean, I want to make love to you. This time when I claim you, I want it to be from a place of love.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know, but you had our six, remember?” Dean joked with a smile. “C’mon, let’s get those kids out of here and go home.”
Dean could smell Castiel getting angry and he was none too happy himself. “Now look here—” Dean began.
Castiel sighed. “I promise. I will have a surgeon and nurses on stand-by as well, along with a private ambulance waiting, just in case. I don’t want to risk losing any of you, when the time comes. I will remain vigilant at your side until then.”
When Dean had escaped before, his plan was to head north into Canada. They had passed omega equality laws several years before and he hoped he could plead for amnesty and escape his fate if he could make it across the border.
Dean took a deep breath and squeezed Castiel’s hand one more time before rising and making his way forward. He was sworn in and then sat down, feeling a sudden rush of nerves as he looked out over the crowd of people in the court room. He hadn’t considered that when he’d been mentally preparing himself. He focused on all the things that either side might ask him about, and he hadn’t considered he’d be responding in front of a crowd of people.
“Just, give me a moment, okay?” Dean said, trying to wipe the emotion from his eyes surreptitiously. “I’m going to go get some damn pie.”
Dean stared at the man. “Technically, no, however since when do omegas get to consent to anything under the current law?”
“No, it’s not that. If…if I had just been a good, obedient omega. Like the kind your dad expected, then this would never have happened. We’d be back at the estate. You’d be safe. I wouldn’t be facing an omega training facility…or worse.”
“They passed omega equality laws there a few years ago. If I can get to Canada and plea for amnesty, I could live free of all of your dad’s God forsaken protocols.”
The days came and went, and Dean grew anxious every time he felt his pups kick, reminding him of what was to come if he was still locked in his gilded cage when they were finally ready to greet the world.
“All you need to know is that Cas and I are cool. I believe that he didn’t know what a son-of-a-bitch his dad is. He treats me right, as much as he’s able to. Don’t you worry, I’ll be fine. Okay?”
“Gabe told me the names you want for them,” Castiel said as he continued his gentle strokes over Dean’s belly. “I think they are fine names.”
“Fine,” this father-in-law conceded. “But no means of communication. That means no computers or smartphones. You will not be calling my son and trying to escape me again.”
“Yeah, I’m just peachy,” Dean grumbled as they helped him onto the birthing bed. “I am so going on birth control after this!”
Dean sat down on one of the chairs. It wasn’t until he settled into the chair that he realized he was trembling. He looked up at the judge with pleading eyes. “Please…”
with you, right now. We’ve wasted so much time. I don’t want to waste another moment. I never know when I might lose you again. When I might lose you forever.” Dean’s voice hitched at that last word and he fought back another well of emotion.
Castiel nodded. “I remember, you told me that you’re just as human as I am. That flew in the face of everything I was taught all these years. I spent the last few days researching and you’re absolutely right. My father’s been trying to suppress that knowledge for years though, so it wasn’t easy to find. It’s been outlawed in schools and everything. He wants everyone to see omegas as less-than-human.”
A flush of heat spread over Dean’s face as he shook his head. “No, Alpha. I was never that good at school.”
If you're curious about the tattoo, the design/placement was inspired by this photo: https://i.imgur.com/UjrYSIz.jpg (will Cas get one too? Maybe...but not until they are in Canada because tattoos are for omegas, not alphas in this screwed up version of the US). ;)
Castiel immediately resumed, spanking even harder than before, probably in the hopes that Dean’s flesh would redden faster. It took a full twenty more swats before Castiel was satisfied with the level of redness. “Alright, it looks like it may take forty spanks to get you to the level of redness I know my father will expect.”
John then sat down on the bed next to Dean and reached out, placing a hand on his shoulder. Dean bolted upright and had a gun—the Colt—pointed directly at his chest.
They had also asked Martha to remain their nanny. When she agreed, Castiel pulled some strings to expedite her green card application into the US so she could remain with them after they moved back from Ottawa, where they had hired her.
Both of Dean’s hands were now grasping his ass, spreading his cheeks apart while he pulled Castiel into each thrust. “Fuck, take it, angel. Take my fucking dick. Gonna come inside you so deep…”
Dean was so stunned he merely nodded before the alpha closed the door and moved around to the driver’s seat and got into the car himself. Using a remote, the alpha raised the garage door for the bay the car was parked in and put the car into drive as soon as he had clearance.
Castiel finally stopped and just gently rubbed Dean’s ass for a moment. “Dean look,” Castiel exclaimed. “We won!”
Castiel reached for Dean, encouraging the omega to enter the dark room first. Stepping toward the darkness, Dean’s heart hammered in his chest as he broke out into a cold sweat. He couldn’t help the terrified whimper he made as he slowly stepped past the threshold, his every sense alert. Then Castiel flipped on the light switch and Dean’s eyes opened wide.
The past twenty-four hours had been such a roller coaster, Dean wasn’t sure which way was up anymore. Just knowing they were across the border and safe, that was all he needed to know for now.
“Oh, yes, little one,” Castiel said with a low growl. “That’s why I was willing to pay your premium auction price. You are a little treasure. Not only will you provide me pleasure but also a houseful of pups.”
The mix of emotions and pleasure began to well up. Looking up, he saw the same depth of emotion mirrored in those beautiful eyes, and he had to pull Castiel down for another passionate kiss, his hips meeting Castiel’s slow, grinding thrusts.
From what Dean could remember, omegas born to beta parents would be removed from the home and raised in facilities like the current omega training facilities. They would also be adoptable by alphas, who could raise them as their own children or groom them to be a future mate.
The realization of that hit Dean hard and he couldn’t help the sob that escaped his throat as he leaned his head against Castiel’s back.
Dean was nervous, but he wasn’t going to let people see him as a weak Omega. They were both going to speak today, and he knew he had to man up and speak his mind, which was not something he’d ever had a problem doing before. He just never had to do it in front of a room full of reporters or the millions of people who would be watching on live television.
Dean smiled into the kiss. “Cas, I think I am starting to fall for you, alright? So, stop worrying and get back to the lovemaking already.”
“C’mon you two, my vehicle is this way,” the Sheriff pointed, and the troopers changed direction, leading Dean and Castiel towards the sheriff’s patrol car. Once they were secured in the back seat, the doors were closed and they were locked in.
As he’s being held down, a fifth vamp walked up. This one isn’t wearing a mask and Dean recognized her. “I know you! Jenny?! Son of a Bitch!”
“Now, be a good omega and stay put,” Mildred said. “I have other duties to attend, but I’ll know if you’ve left your position.”
I'm sorry this chapter took awhile. I've had a couple of commissioned stories to write and I'm also reworking some parts of my first novel.
Concentrating on the massive intrusion in his ass, Dean did his best to tighten his muscles around it. He felt a surge of satisfaction when he heard Castiel groan with pleasure. “Yeah, that’s it. Keep doing that, every time I bottom out, squeeze me like that.”
Then, to Dean’s embarrassment, he began to feel a trickle of his own slick slide out around his plug.
“Primarily to get away from my father-in-law,” Dean replied. “We also feared that the Anti-Omega Rights Bill would pass, and we knew that would mean he could get even more sadistic. I didn’t want to be living under the same roof as that man if that happened.”
“Shh, Dean. Calm down. This is the only place we can talk,” Castiel whispered into Dean’s ear, pretending to kiss him there. “You behaved perfectly in front of father. I’m very proud of you. Do you need any reminders of how to behave during dinner later?”
Dean really needed to use the bathroom, but he was willing to wait a few more minutes. Dean saw as Castiel peeked into the convenience store to see if there was anything about them on the TV. He turned and quickly ran back to the car. He began fueling quickly. He must have only put a few gallons in when he jumped back into the car and took off.
John blinked and the next thing he knew he was standing in a darkened bedroom. Looking down, he recognized his son sleeping in the bed. This clearly wasn’t a sleazy motel room, he realized as his eyes adjusted to the dim light and noted the personal touches around the room.
Looking around, the room was a decent size, with a large, cozy king-sized bed, a couple of dressers, and a large dog cage set up in one corner. There were two additional doors in the room. Castiel showed him the one on the right first, which turned out to be a large walk-in closet. It was only half-filled with clothing. “Set your bag on the shelf and you can unpack later. There’s plenty of room for your things, and since you’ll spend most of your time nude, you shouldn’t need much.”
“Well, since you put it that way, I’ll be happy to stay. I’ll make sure those pups are born strong and healthy,” Gabriel agreed.
“Good,” Castiel said. “Now I’ve decided I want to warm that beautiful bottom of yours before I take you. Come here and lie over my lap.”
“This is your home state, and you touched a lot of people with the way you presented yourself, Dean,” Castiel said as he wrapped an arm around Dean’s shoulders. “You made me see the light and I’m sure many others as well.”
. We spent over two weeks in a secluded cabin getting to know each other. That’s when he apologized for treating me like that and he promised to help me flee to Canada.”
That’s when Castiel began to fuck his throat in earnest, his balls slapping against Dean’s chin. When the alpha’s knot began to swell, it hit against Dean’s plush lips, but the alpha never pushed it past them. Soon, the knot was fully engorged and Castiel was fucking into Dean’s throat frantically, chasing his pleasure. A few more wild jabs, and Castiel’s hands gripped Dean’s head tight as he shoved his knot right up against Dean’s lips and cried out.
“Simply rolling your eyes warranted being beaten with a belt?” the prosecutor asked for clarification.
Not having much of a choice, Dean did as instructed, kneeling next to his mate. “There, see? You can be a good omega.” Then the leash was being pulled and he was forced to lay his head in the alpha’s lap. “Much better.”
Shouldering his last bag, Dean followed Castiel and Sam up the stairs. Taking one last look, his head swirling with memories, he hit the lights and grabbed Castiel’s hand. “C’mon, let’s go home.”
“It’s come to my attention that you have been neglecting your health, Mr. Winchester,” Castiel stated, matter-of-factly. “I’m going to rectify that situation. Please remove your clothes.”
Despite being stretched from the plug and all the lubrication, Dean was woefully unprepared for how large this alpha was. It seemed to take forever for the searing burn to mellow into a mere ache with every thrust from this overly eager alpha. As the intense pain slowly receded, Dean’s screams turned to sobs. The betrayal of his parents to allow some stranger to literally rape him broke Dean’s heart.
Also, I think this story is going to be wrapped up soon. I will write the trial and the punishment/fate for Castiel's father and brother, but I think I'll wrap things up after that. I have my eye on other projects I want to turn my attention to soon.
Dean got so lost in the taste of Castiel he almost didn’t hear Sam in the background. “Finally! It’s about damned time you two came to your senses.”
Once Dean lifted the brand away, the intensity of the pain lessened slightly. Dean stepped back to admire his handiwork. “That looks good on you,” he said. “I can’t wait to show you off to Crowley later.”
“I told you already. You get a do-over. Knot me and claim me proper this time, I won’t resist. Just don’t make me beg.”
With an iron grip on his hip and shackled arms, the sheriff pulled Dean back onto his cock hard, while fucking into him a dozen more times before stuttering to a stop and groaning in ecstasy. “That’s it … fucking take it,” the sheriff growled as Dean felt his ass fill with spurt after spurt of the sheriff’s seed.
Dean felt conflicted. Castiel had given him the pleasure he needed while he remained respectful and only fucked him with a dildo. He was keeping all the promises he’d made to Dean back at the cabin. Dean could feel himself start to soften towards Castiel. He didn’t want that to happen. He couldn’t forgive him for what he’d done to him…
“Didn’t you get to do that last night? I really need to get this pretty one home and start his training,” the alpha said firmly. “He’s in dire need of it. You folks must have spoiled him far too much for his own good.”
Castiel just nodded, ignoring Dean’s sarcasm. “I’ll call Gabriel and see if it’s safe to go back yet or not.”
“Don’t worry about that for now, just let them suckle and we’ll determine if you’re producing enough nutrition for them or not within a day or so,” Gabriel said. “I have pup formula in case they need it.”
The alpha leisurely licked at the bonding mark as he remained tied to Dean. It would take at least twenty minutes before they would be able to separate. “Someone come and wipe his face, he’s a mess.”
Dean continued to drive, following Castiel’s direction as they zig zagged their way along various highways and side roads, avoiding towns as much as possible. Dean did his best to keep to the posted speed limits to avoid getting pulled over.
After about twenty swats Castiel paused. “How are you doing Dean? Your ass doesn’t seem to want to redden very quickly. Currently its barely pink so I need to keep going.”
Dean was grateful that his father-in-law had agreed to let him have a television in his room, which gave him a small window into the outside world. The room was truly Dean’s now. Castiel’s scent had faded weeks before.
Dean was breathing hard, emotions welling up when he looked Castiel straight in the eye, no longer feeling the hesitation that had always held him back before. “I love you, too, Castiel. So damn much.”
The next day after breakfast, Dean was lead back down to the training room and the alpha tried to teach him the proper way to walk, sit, kneel and present. Dean fought against every command, every posture and was punished for his defiance. The alpha tried many different forms of punishment but none could dim the defiance in Dean’s eyes.
“No,” Dean growled as he finally capitulated and bent over Castiel’s lap. “Just remember, the bare minimum and not one spank more.”
“Lay down, on your side,” Castiel instructed. The alpha then lay down and curled up behind Dean, making the omega the little spoon. Dean could already feel Castiel’s arousal pressed against him and it made him groan.
“Our house is just an hour from the airport,” Castiel told him. “I’ll get you tucked into bed as soon as we get there so you can rest.”
Two fingers slipped into his wet, aching hole, making Dean moan. It felt as good as he’d remembered it from when Castiel examined and fucked him the first time. While Castiel worked his fingers, he also massaged the back of Dean’s neck. “Did you pay attention to your omega biology lessons, Dean?”
Which was why he was restrained on his Claiming Day. Stark naked and ready to be offered to this Novak like a Christmas turkey on a platter.
Smiling at Castiel, Dean nodded. “Yeah, more than okay, or can’t you tell?” Dean asked as he pressed his growing erection against Castiel’s hip.
The fingers slid out of Dean’s hole and Castiel punctuated the next words with three sharp spanks. “You. Are. Mine!”
Laughing, Castiel wiped his mouth and shook his head. “No, pretty boy. As much as I would love to redden your backside and ravish you twenty-four-seven, that wouldn’t be realistic. I am still the sheriff of this town, and I can hardly leave you chained up in a cage all day while I’m at work. At least, I can’t do that to you all the time. However, that may happen occasionally, if your behavior warrants it.”
They trundled along the dirt road for another fifteen minutes before pulling up to a small cabin that was built on the shore of a small lake in the middle of the dense forest.
Dean took a deep breath, trying to calm himself as he started to follow the alpha again. He was led to an empty space in one corner of the room. The alpha rounded him and unhooked his cuffs from each other, and swiftly grabbed one of Dean’s arms. Before he comprehended what was happening, Dean found his right hand clipped to a chain above his head. The panic set in again and he swung wildly with his now free left hand, attempting to either punch or kick the alpha away from him.
Chuckling into his ear, Castiel kept gently petting him. “Don’t you worry about that, little omega. I have a houseful of servants and I’ll hire nannies to help care for the pups. Your only job is to give me pleasure and pups. I’ll take care of the rest.”
“Now, finish your coffee,” Castiel commanded, giving him a wicked smirk. “This cock won’t suck itself.”
Taking a deep breath to clear his head, he pushed past Castiel and made his way toward the door again.
“Being raped is a traumatic event and that could have risked the health of the pups,” Castiel explained as he gently caressed Dean’s body. “I never want to cause you trauma like that again. I just want to make love to you, if you’ll let me?”
The alpha was silent for a long time before finally responding. “There should be food where we’re going. It will take at least another hour.
Just as Dean began drifting off, he heard Castiel confess something. “Thank you, Dean. You were perfect today. Thank you for everything. I love you so much.”
The room was mostly bare, with a strange bench bolted to the floor in the middle. Along the walls hung varying implements that Dean couldn’t make out in the dim light. “Is that…?”
This time Dean did vomit, but because of the gag, most of it stayed in his mouth, and dribbled a little out around the gag. This caused a chain reaction making him gag and vomit repeatedly, all while trying to remain balanced on his toes.
Dean took a deep breath and nodded as he reached up and grabbed Gabriel’s hand. “Thanks man. I dunno how I’d have managed the past few months without you. If I ever get out of here, I’ll make sure to tell Cas how good you’ve been to me.”
Sighing, Dean finished his shower and went to look for a clean change of clothes. There were a few pairs of jeans, underwear, and t-shirts in the bedroom Dean assumed was going to be his. The jeans didn’t fit perfectly but they would do.
Fiddling with his water glass, Dean nodded. “Okay, that sounds fair. So, what kind of chores will I be doing while you’re at work?”
Once Dean was standing, he was shocked to see several of the alphas were still in the room, vigorously fucking their omegas that they had bent over the table. Dean hadn’t even noticed as his entire world had zeroed down to the burning pain in his ass.
Castiel kept driving, taking more backroads now. They had to make it to the Canadian border before sunrise.
Dean kept breathing in Castiel’s scent to help calm him when he felt the urgency of his bladder pull him out of his reverie. Dean attempted to get out of bed, and that’s when he realized he was chained. His right ankle had a metal manacle that looked like it was welded onto his ankle. Attached to it was a sturdy length of chain, which appeared to be bolted to the wall.
“Oh yeah, right,” Dean said as he adjusted Sammy, so he could latch onto his nipple. “I didn’t even think about that. That makes you a grandpa, dad!”
“Alright, I need to get this omega to processing,” said the man holding Dean’s leash. “You will get your proceeds from the auction transferred into your account once this omega’s been delivered.”
Nodding, Dean padded his naked behind back up to Castiel’s bedroom. Not sure which way he should face, he opted for kneeling sideways next to the foot of the bed. He was grateful that the man had plush and well-padded carpeting as he sank to his knees. His hands traveled up to his throat to fiddle and adjust the collar. It was a well-made collar and not just some cheap pet store kind.
“I can give you one, but your labor is farther along than I’d like. It probably won’t help much.” Gabriel said.
Dean took several breaths to try and remain calm, but the mix of anger, frustration and fear caused tears to prick at his eyes. “That bastard,” Dean swore under his breath.
Sam was there, helping them secure the bunker and move out the last of their belongings, along with a few mementos from the bunker. They decided to shut the place down, rather than hand it over to some other hunters. It was time to put the
They arrived amid a flurry of media outside of the courthouse. Castiel’s personal lawyer met them and the security detail shielded them as best as they could as they were lead inside, Dean clutched Castiel’s hand tightly as they made their way through the crowd. Castiel’s lawyer had been working with the prosecution and made sure he was informed of anything that might be a possible concern or complication.
“Oh, he’s around,” Bobby said. “You’ll find each other sooner or later. It’s a big new world out there. You’ll see. You got everything you could ever want or need or dream. So, I guess the question is, what are you going to do now, Dean?”
“It’s a bit of a long story,” John said as he began to explain. “I had a visit from a friend of yours. Goes by the name of Chuck.”
Dean nodded in understanding, kneeling back into a more comfortable position. Mildred left him there to his thoughts. Now that he was about to meet his new alpha, his heart began to race in anticipation. Would he be old and fat? Young and slender? Most importantly, would he be cruel or kind?
“Instead, Castiel had to kidnap me from his own home,” Dean recalled. “He took me to this little cabin he owned out in the middle of nowhere. That’s where we were finally able to talk and come to a mutual understanding.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah. I’ve been practically raising him since our mom died. Besides, knowing Sammy, if I don’t go visit, he’s going to move Heaven and Earth to come find me. He… he wasn’t happy about our dad auctioning me off like that.”
“Definitely,” Castiel nodded. “You were gracious enough to agree to move back to Kansas, so I could run Novak, Inc., but I don’t want you to have to relive all the memories of being in that house.”
When Castiel began to move, the pain was gone, and Dean was overwhelmed by the intense pleasure as Castiel’s cock slid in and out of him slowly. Dean had fucked and been fucked by a lot of women, but he’d never had someone make love to him. Not like this, and especially not by someone he felt
“I am home,” Dean said as he wrapped his arms around Castiel. “Wherever you and our pups are, that’s home.”
Dean was led away. He had tried to remain strong for Sam, but as he took one last look over his shoulder, he had to blink away the sting of tears in his eyes. He was led down a long corridor and into a stark white room with several video cameras mounted around the walls and a bench that was in the center of the room.
“Don’t worry about that now,” the judge said. “I just really need to talk to you without your alpha in earshot, so I know you’re telling me the truth, not just what your alpha may want to hear.”
“Three boys? I’m going to have three sons?!” Dean almost shouted as happy tears crested down his face. “I’d love them no matter what, but wow. It all feels so real now.”
Cas had stopped stretching open his ass with the speculum. When Dean looked down at him, he was shining a light right into his ass. “Hmm, yes, I think I see the problem.”
As Castiel drove into the garage bay and parked his car, Dean was both relieved to be able to get off his knees, while simultaneously tensing at the fact that he now had to prove how
Safely in Canada, Dean and Castiel get settled in, just before Dean's heat hits. (NSFW, but very happy and consensual sexy times ensue).
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you my love?” Castiel said, his voice sounding a bit deeper that usual.
“I was aiming to drive to Winnipeg, and the most direct route is to take I-29 straight north. However, since I saw the news in Sioux Falls, I’ve been following Highway 75 instead. We can take that almost the entire way, but once we hit Donaldson in Minnesota, I was going to jog east and take Highway 59 up to Winnipeg instead. It’s less traveled.”
Breathing heavily, the sheriff blanketed Dean’s back and kept his cock nestled in Dean’s ass until it was too soft, and it slipped free. “You’re such a good fuck, pretty boy. It’s almost a shame to send you on your way.”
Dean and Castiel decide to move back to Kansas while they restart their lives. Gabriel has a little surprise for them when they get home...
When the limousine finally stopped, the alpha kept Dean in place until the rest of his family was out of the car. Then Castiel stood, getting out first and tugging Dean on the leash behind him.
Dean settled into their new home, despite being nearly as restricted as before, merely from the fact he could now barely walk because of the three pups he carried. Just being free of all the threats that would have come from his father-in-law took a tremendous burden from Dean’s mind. It felt good to know that both he and their pups were safe.
As his hole was thrust into over and over, Dean cried out in ecstasy. The mix of pleasure-pain was too much and not enough at the same time. Castiel gripped his neck and was grunting as he took his pleasure from Dean. The omega was so wet, there was an obscene squelch on every inward thrust.
When Dean existed the judge’s chambers, Castiel was already there waiting for him. Dean ran to his alpha and flung his arms around Castiel’s neck. “I was so afraid she was going to take you away from me!”
“I may have had something to do with that,” a voice came from behind Castiel, who folded his wings back behind him.
“I don’t know if I’m ready to be a parent,” Dean admitted. “But I’ll do my best, if it’s what makes you happy.”
“It looks like we may have lost him,” Dean said with a sigh of relief, but kept their speed up, just in case.
Before he knew it, a leash was being attached to his collar and the alpha was trying to guide Dean to stand. “Come now, it’s time to take you home.”
Hiding his face in Castiel’s chest, Dean wasn’t sure how to respond to that. Castiel wasn’t wrong in his assessment, but it wasn’t something Dean ever wanted to think about.
“Yeah, I think I’d like that,” Dean said with a smile as he reached out and took Castiel’s hand in his. “My heat’s gonna hit really soon and I know I’m going to be begging for your knot anyway, but yeah, you have my full consent. Knot me, claim me. This time I’ll be yours, willingly.”
Dean and Gabriel walked in front of the swings as well, ready to defend themselves and the pups. Martha shied back, unsure of what else to do. Dean’s heart was pounding, but he was ready to stand his ground and fight if he had to. The pack of alphas began to approach, raising their fists, when all of a sudden, a police siren sounded.
“Several months ago, I saw you out with your mom. You…you’re so beautiful. It was like love at first sight for me. I became obsessed. I had no idea my father knew. I think I stalked you on TwitFace. Then my father began to remind me about my duty as an alpha and since I had completed college it was time for me to choose a mate. He insisted I start looking at the omega registry. When…when I found you on it…I’m sorry. I didn’t know he threatened your parents…I’m…so sorry, Dean.”
Flicking his eyes up at Castiel as he began to fuck into him again took Dean’s breath away. The look of sheer ecstasy on the man’s face made Castiel look beatific. After always being taken from behind, Dean didn’t expect to get lost in those lust-blown, sapphire blue eyes as Castiel continued to take his pleasure.
Castiel could feel the heat rippling off the brand before it was even close to his flesh. He let out a whimper of fear, shaking his head no as Dean approached. “Now, hold still,” Dean said with a wicked grin before applying it to the center of Castiel’s bare chest.
Lifting his eyes, they went wide when Dean recognized his handsome, blue-eyed doctor. Not being able to help himself, he flung his arms around the alpha’s waist, hugging him.
Dean hesitated. That car was his one and only prized possession. “You aren’t going to take my car away from me, are you? It’s kind of special to me.”
“I wouldn’t be thanking me just yet,” Castiel said wickedly, as he resumed fucking Dean. The angle of the thrusts changed as Castiel seemed eager to bring Dean to his orgasm, the man’s hipbones crashing painfully into Dean’s tender ass. No longer afraid of disobeying his Keeper, Dean let the pleasure build to a crescendo as that glorious dick kept pounding into him.
“When I couldn’t break Dean, my father confronted me,” Castiel said with a growl. “He threatened to take my mate away from me and have him
After one of his outings with Gabriel, Dean lay in bed and flipped through the limited channels. Most of the channels he’d been given access to were geared towards omegas, filled with pregnancy and parenting advice, new ways to please your alpha, and several channels focused on cooking and housekeeping.
Dean nodded. “I can’t argue with that logic,” Dean said turning to face Castiel. “But… what does that mean for us? If you’re an angel again? I remember when Jack brought you back you said—”
“I want you to understand one thing,” Castiel said, his fingers suddenly gripping his hair tight. “I will not always be gentle with you. As an alpha, I have… needs. If you are naughty, I can fulfill those needs by punishing you. However, even if you are the best-behaved omega, I will still need to give you pain on occasion. Does that scare you?”
“That all depends,” Castiel replied. “I will promise one thing, I will never injure you. No broken bones, and I’ll try my damnedest to never break skin either. Taking pain for me is the ultimate sacrifice I’m asking from you. If that’s too much to ask, tell me now.”
Once he was clean and rinsed, Mildred held out a fluffy towel and helped him dry off. “Now stand still, dear,” she ordered. The next thing Dean knew, she was rubbing scented lotion onto his skin. It smelled nice. “Alright dear, let’s move along. Your new alpha is set to be home soon, and I need you to get into position.”
Castiel came closer and fingered his collar. “Do you…want me to get this removed? We’re mates already anyway, so it’s not like you really need this…”
Dean headed to his room to grab the job application that he has yet to hand in. He stared at it for a moment before picking it up and heading to the kitchen. Sitting down next to Cas, he slid the application over to Sam. Taking a long swig of the open beer bottle in front of him, he watched Sam’s reaction.
“I am…cautiously optimistic. However, I suspect some of that may have not been truthful,” Castiel said grimly. “My father has been known to manipulate the media before. They might also be expecting us along this road, perhaps even before Donaldson…”
“I’m fine,” Dean reassured the alpha. “Gabriel managed to keep your dad away from me, all because I’m carrying a set of triplets. Can you believe it? We’re having triplets!”
Dean complied, and Gabriel began to pull the comforter down far enough to do what he needed without exposing Dean fully.
Leaving behind Castiel and Sam, Dean went to order some pie. He was still trying to push down the emotions welling inside of him. Looking at the assortment of pies, he couldn’t decide what to get. “I’ll have one of everything,” Dean declared to the lady. “They all look delicious!”
Knowing he was getting on in years, Dean wasn’t able to maintain his beloved car the way he should. So, when his nephew turned sixteen, Dean handed the younger Dean the keys to Baby. “She’s yours now son. Take good care of her, you hear?”
“I totally understand,” Castiel said, leaning in and giving Dean a quick kiss. “Come on, let’s finish up and get some food before we both collapse.”
Staring at the doorbell for a beat longer than he should have, finally Dean mustered the courage to press it before holding his breath. A moment later he heard footsteps approach and the lock on the door snick before it was pulled open before him. There stood Castiel, dressed casually in a pair of jeans and a soft grey cardigan, with the lapels of a white polo peaking over the collar.
“You argued with him, but you still went along with that rape ceremony? And you treated me like a subhuman possession for weeks!”
After two weeks spending every day in the training room, Dean once again found himself bound and gagged, awaiting yet another punishment. This time the alpha wasn’t kidding around as he slid a sound into Dean’s cock and attached it to an electrode.
Nodding, Dean obediently opened his mouth. Slowly the cock was pushed deep into Dean’s mouth and down his throat. Remaining still, Dean let the man use his throat, doing his best to cover his teeth to avoid another punishment.
Dean made his way over to the bed and tried to lie down without aggravating his sore ass, but with his hands secured behind him it was impossible.
“I’ll just stick to the truth, Cas,” Dean said with a shrug. “I’m fine talking about everything that happened.”
Don't worry, the story isn't over. We still have to find out what consequences Mr. Novak has to face. ;) I hope you all approve of my choice of punishment for him.
I hope everyone is still enjoying this story. I can't promise I'll keep posting this quickly, but I've felt very inspired by this story so far.
Dean felt a knot well up in his stomach. “Alright, out with it. Whatever it is, I’ll deal with it, somehow.”
. As he continued to pace, he could feel the damned plug in his ass with each step. His face burned with anger and embarrassment as he remembered about how it got there. Even worse that it was his dad who gave him a very thorough
“Don’t worry, one way or another you’ll feel me.” Castiel smiled wickedly, giving Dean a last kiss before raising himself up and grasping one of Dean’s thighs firmly, while his other hand wrapped around Dean’s neglected cock. “I want you to come with me.”
Dean thought about it for a long moment as he kept enjoying his food. “Mechanic. I always wanted to be a mechanic. I worked with my dad on his car all the time. A classic 1967 Chevy Impala. Man, I loved that car.”
“Calm down, pretty one, I just need to bend you over and inspect your injuries and apply some salve to them. I want you to heal without any scars.”
Many states voted in favor, but slowly the numbers of states opposed climbed, from five to ten. If thirteen states opposed, it was all over. The night wore on and the numbers crept closer and state after state was called. It was currently 32 states in favor and 11 against. The states in the Western Time Zone’s polls had closed only an hour before and the results were slowly coming in.
Dean was currently feeding Bobby and Johnny, while little Sammy was in his bed waiting his turn. “That’s Samuel,” Dean indicated with a nod of his head as his mom walked over and picked up the little pup. “I’ve got Jonathan and Robert here.”
“Wow, this is really happening, huh?” Sam said, looking at them both. “I know I’ve said this before, but I’m really happy for you both. I’m glad Jack was able to bring you back to us, Cas. Dean’s never quite right when you’re gone.”
“Why didn’t you just call me?” Castiel asked. “Why go through all this trouble? You know I always come when you call.”
They had wanted to get some of the other omegas in the Novak household to testify, but they had all been too broken after years of abuse, and they were completely terrified of saying anything against their father-in-law.
Dean continued to struggle and snarl for a few more minutes until he finally became tired and calmed down. He’d made his point, at the very least, that he was not consenting to this.
At the bottom of the stairs was a dark corridor lined with doors that Castiel lit with the flick of a switch. “Most of these rooms are for storage, and I keep a well-stocked wine cellar,” Castiel explained, leading the way down the hall. At the end was yet another door, and this one Castiel opened with a key he fished from his pocket. “No one is allowed in here except for me, and now you.”
“Now after this past week, I’ve gotten to know you as a person. I know you don’t like me very much, but I am becoming very fond of who you are. I agree that you should have the same rights as I do. My father is so wrong, but I don’t even know where to begin to stop him or his agenda. So, for now, your plan to leave for Canada makes the most sense. You’re my mate, I just want you to be safe and happy.”
Castiel laughed and Dean felt the bed dip as the alpha crawled closer behind him. Dean could still feel all the slick leaking out of him as it slid down his thighs. When Castiel finally took hold of his hips and thrust into him again, Dean moaned loudly. “Fuck, man. Your cock feels so good. Wish we could have done this lovemaking thing in the first place.”
Dean was dubious, but he was in no position to really complain. So, he sat down and watched the alpha bustle around the kitchen, clearly knowing his way around it. Once the chili had been warmed up, the alpha placed a bowl of it in front of Dean, along with a glass of water before sitting opposite of him at the table.
For most of the trial, Dean requested to remain at the condo and a private video feed was set up, so he could watch the proceedings with Castiel. Now that they were back in the US, Dean just didn’t feel safe, not to mention that there were still restrictions for omegas here that they would have to abide by.
The bailiff knocked on the door once before admitting Dean. “Behave yourself, omega,” came a warning as Dean walked slowly into the chambers. He looked around for Castiel or his lawyer, but it was only the judge sitting on the other side of the desk, reading over some paperwork.
“Agreeing to the tattoo. Now my father will have no reason to suspect we were doing something else today. Three more days. If you can hold out for three more days, then we will go together to get your passport. We’ll stop by your parents’ house like you wanted and then we’ll head straight north to Canada. I’ve already set up some automated money transfers to happen just after we leave, but before my father can suspect anything.”
“I’ll come with. The chance to get out and about and act like a normal human being? That’d be awesome.”
“Alright,” Gabriel said as he went to prepare the epidural. “I need you to sit up, Dean,” he instructed. He then numbed the area of Dean’s back where the epidural would be inserted before sticking in the needle and inserting the fine plastic tube that would deliver the pain medication.
Castiel kept up the steady rhythm of spanks slowly increasing the weight of the blows, until Dean just became a completely melted mess on his alphas lap. At no point did the spanks really hurt, it was just a continued increase in heat until he was completely lax.
Dean thought back on his dad, and how he loved peppering Dean’s ass with lashes from his belt for the slightest provocation.
The searing, intense pain made Castiel scream behind his gag. If he had been human, he would probably have passed out from the pain. Instead, Castiel had to endure as the stink of burnt flesh curled up into his nose.
“Thanks, man.” Dean reached around, removed it and tossed it into the woods. A moment later he slightly regretted that action as he now felt so…empty. Hopefully
“Yes, father,” the alpha agreed. “It seems like this will require quite a bit of training. Oh Dean, I really wanted to spoil you but I guess I need to teach you how to be a good omega first. Not surprising really, considering your parents are both betas.”
Castiel broke the kiss, breathing heavily as he leaned his forehead against Dean. “I can’t hold back anymore. I hope you still want me to pound you into this mattress.”
“Yeah of course they did. I don’t even know why the hell they signed me up for the omega registry. They always said they wouldn’t, that they’d protect me and fight for my right to be seen as an equal. Then one day, before I turned eighteen, they did a complete one-eighty on me. I still don’t understand what the hell happened!”
at an omega training facility. I knew how they treated omegas there because my father insisted I tour several that Novak Industries privately ran. I remember being horrified at what I saw and I couldn’t subject Dean to that.”
“That’s better,” the alpha said. “We have a lot to go over and I will admit I’m a bit annoyed that it’s come to this. So, I will tell you now, I won’t go easy on you. My family is very traditional when it comes to the roles of our omegas. My father originally counseled me against my choice but I just had to have you. You are the prettiest omega I’ve ever seen. Since your parents didn’t see fit to train you, it’s up to me now.”
When Dean finally came to, he blinked himself awake. The last thing he remembered was being in the auction processing room. As his vision came into focus, he propped himself up on one elbow and looked around. He saw that he was inside of a cage, in a luxurious bedroom. There was a rich cream carpet. The walls had a patterned cream wallpaper with mahogany accents. There was an enormous bed and beyond that, floor to ceiling windows.
A shiver ran through Dean at the thought of being pregnant and raising children. It was something he never thought he would do. A conflict of emotions stirred inside of him, but his body responded to the idea of getting bred by his alpha by leaking fresh slick.
“Yes, dad,” Gabriel said with a sigh as he pulled the comforter away completely which made Dean blush with humiliation at being so exposed in front of his father-in-law. Dean expected that, but it was still embarrassing.
They all gave Dean a hug and filed out of the room. “I’ll come to check on you later,” Castiel said. “And you have the bell by the bed if you need anything.”
“My father’s code may be unfair and unjust, but at least he always adheres to it. I’ve never seen him violate one of his own rules. Not even once.”
Then Dean was being unbuckled from the altar and guided up. Before he could even get his bearings, Dean was led to stand in front of the alpha. “Omega, kneel before your alpha,” the priest directed.
“Fair enough,” Dean agreed not wanting to push his luck. Castiel hopefully knew where he was. he would find a way to rescue him before the babies were born. “Also, any chance I get maybe get some sweats or something? It’s a bit chilly always being nude and all.”
Dean and Castiel try to get Dean's passport without raising suspicion, and then go and visit Dean's family before heading out of town.
. This was really happening and there wasn’t a damned thing he could do about it. He let out a whimper of fear when he felt a second hand on his other hip and the hot, blunt head of a cock poised at his virgin hole. “Hush, Omega. Relax and let me in,” came that deep, gravelly voice again.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel said, reaching out and pulling Dean back into his arms. “I understand. I do. We’ve both lost so much to get to where we are now. Neither of us will ever take a single moment for granted, will we?”
“He was pissed that my dad had the nerve to grab you like that,” Castiel said. “But he knew he needed to be cautious. If he’d sent his men after you, that would have been reason enough to declare war and that’s the last thing he wanted to do.”
They approached and engaged the vamps, and pretty soon Sam lopped off the head of the first one. Adrenaline began pumping through Dean.
“Yeah, so we can travel outside of the country sometimes. I think he’s got a villa in Europe somewhere and maybe a hunting lodge up in Canada too.”
As he relaxed, he realized he could feel how pleased Castiel was. It wasn’t just from the pleased scent rolling off him in waves. He could
Dean gave the man the best death glare he could since he couldn’t say anything. As he watched the man leave, Dean thrashed in frustration, grunting and screaming through his gag. He couldn’t believe he’d been kidnapped and dragged back to a place like this.
,” Sam insisted. “I’m just… I’m thinking about Eileen. She’s been distant lately. I think she might want to break up or something.”
About an hour later, Dean was driving slowly down an old sideroad that looked like it was never used. His heart raced in his chest, and his dick was already hard as a rock. It had been ever since he’d heard that sheriff’s gravelly voice over the phone.
“Rowena will have a field day with him if he does,” Dean said with a chuckle, then looked up at Castiel. “So, what will you do now?”
“I think they let omegas hold jobs here in Canada. Is there something you wanted to be when you were growing up?”
Dean grinned as Castiel tossed him the keys. This wasn’t his dad’s Impala, but it was a really nice BMW. As Dean slid behind the wheel, wearing clothes in the first time in so long, without the damned cock cage and anal plug, he almost felt human again.
“Let’s have a look,” the doctor said to himself as he took a penlight and shined it inside of Dean’s stretched opening. “Oh my, that can’t be right,” the doctor said with a frown before taking a deep sniff. “Oh, this isn’t good at all.”
“Hello dear,” she said as she pulled out a key. “My name is Mildred. I’m glad to see you’re awake now. Master wants you bathed and ready when he returns home.”
Once Castiel cleaned all his semen off of Dean, he shut down the shower and walked out to grab some towels, throwing one at Dean.
Then something shifted just before Dean’s birthday. Suddenly, his dad stopped preaching about omega rights. Instead he praised the virtues of a good and obedient omega. The first time John had come to Dean and handed him the official Omega Handbook and told him to learn it, to learn how to be a good omega, it was like Dean had been punched in the gut.
When Dean’s attention went back to the results, three more states had been called in favor of the amendment. It was now thirty-five to twelve. The last remaining states were California, Oregon and Washington, which historically should all be in favor. Dean began bouncing on the balls of his feet. Unfortunately, California would take time to call because it was such a large state and Dean was getting impatient.
Dean’s fingers came up to run his fingers across the thin metal. “Nah. I think I want to keep it. At least for now. It’s the first piece of jewelry you ever gave me,” Dean said with a wink. “Besides, it’s a reminder of everything I’ve had to endure.”
Dean really didn’t want to go back to the Novak estate, and pretend to be this stupid, obedient omega that his father-in-law thought he should be. However, he was relieved that Castiel was finally treating him as a human being. He had begun to realize that Cas had treated him as subhuman because of the fucked-up way he’d been raised, alongside the fact that every move that he made was being monitored 24/7.
The judge wrote down several more notes. “Alright, I think we’re done here. Thank you for speaking with me so candidly.”
Castiel’s hand moved from the back of Dean’s neck and slid around to the side, where he began massaging again. “However, to mate an omega, an alpha must bite the mating gland here. This bite will hurt, because it must break skin so that I can ingest some of your omega hormones. This makes a permanent mating mark and binds alpha and omega together for life.”
“Don’t we get to say goodbye?” Sam asked as he stood by his parents, even as the rest of the Novaks began to leave.
. Castiel began raining down the spanks on Dean harder and faster than normal and Dean whimpered. It was such a combination of pain and pleasure his head didn’t know which way was up.
Shaking his head, Castiel shrugged his shoulders. “I have no idea, but after everything he did, if he doesn’t go to the Empty, then Hell is exactly what he deserves.”
. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but he’d imagined that he’d be fucked senseless at least once by now.
Gabriel arrived with the wheelchair and helped Dean out of the bed and into the chair. The birthing room was just down the hall from the master bedroom, and Gabriel had personally overseen its preparation. Everything from the special bed and monitoring equipment, to the three infant beds that could double as incubators if the boys had come too early.
Once in the shower, Dean slumped against the tile while Castiel stood under the hot spray of water. “Man, you’ve got some stamina.”
“I just kind of want to?” Dean said sheepishly. “Also, back when you were kissing me, I just really wanted to wrap my arms around you. I kinda still do.”
Dean didn’t immediately register when Castiel finished spanking him, his ass throbbed as if the spanks were still raining down. “Come Dean, up. Let’s go to bed.”
“Gag him again,” came an order from behind Dean. His father-in-law did not sound pleased. “Castiel, I expect you to correct his attitude, and swiftly, after we get home.”
“This is going to hurt,” the alpha said with a grim expression. “I really don’t want to keep punishing you, but you need to learn to be obedient. Please, Dean. I hope this is the last time I have to punish you.”
There are times when my characters have a mind of their own and apparently I had no control over Dean realizing that hand spankings truly do arouse him (the kinky bastard). Dean's going to have to deal with some frustrating weeks coming up. ;) I hope everyone is still enjoying this story.
Dean was conflicted. His dick was completely on-board with his ass getting whipped, but his ass was definitely protesting. Tears of frustration welled in his eyes as he didn’t know how to reply.
“Please step out of the vehicle,” Sheriff Novak ordered, pocketing Dean’s license and registration. “I’ll hang on to these for now.”
The alpha chuckled warmly. “I’m glad to see you, as well. Now, let’s get this gag off so you can perform your first duty.”
What Dean didn’t realize until it was nearly over, was how the spanking calmed him. After the last blow landed, all the tension had gone out of him and he lay limply across the alpha’s lap. The tingling burn in his ass actually felt…good.
Castiel kept coming for what felt like an eternity. When his cock finally softened and slipped out of Dean’s mouth, Dean felt lightheaded. “Good boy, you took that very well. I knew you’d be well worth my investment.”
“Only if you’ve been naughty,” Castiel reassured him. “You woke up there today because Mildred didn’t have time to keep an eye on you while you were sedated, and we didn’t want to risk you trying to run. You’re untrained and we didn’t know what to expect, so it was the safest option.”
“I’ll tell you everything, but suffice it to say my father has finally been arrested,” Castiel said with a smug sound in his voice. “How are you doing Dean? I was getting regular reports from Gabriel, but I was worried that you were being mistreated.”
“Not sure. Hurts,” Dean gasped before yelling out in agony as a painful contraction ripped through him.
Looking over at the festival, Dean was surprised at the wave of emotion that overcame him. From this day forward, his life was going to change and even the prospect of pie wasn’t enough to tamp down on the roiling emotions that stirred up inside of him.
“I’ll expect you to help clean around the house and with maintaining the property,” Castiel explained. “I’ll ease you into everything tomorrow. You will not leave the property without my permission. In fact, I’d like for you to hand over the keys to your car. Driving into town will be a special privilege you can earn for being my good boy.”
Without his machete, Dean started trading punches with the vamp while Sam struggled against the other. The fight continued and at one point Dean is flung against a wall. Shaking off the blow, he stood up and lunged at the vamp again.
Dean pondered for a moment. This last heat had ended about two weeks before the claiming ceremony, so approximately six weeks ago. Dean had fairly regular heats, once every three months. “Probably another six weeks. My last one ended six weeks ago, and I’ve always been really regular.”
Before he could say anything, Castiel smirked at him. “Your mind is very loud when it cries out my name, especially when your fantasizing about me. I decided this would be a fun way to fulfil your fantasy and let me get what I want in return. What I want is you, Dean Winchester.”
“I’ll make sure to tuck them in and keep an eye on them,” Martha offered. “You all do so much for the pups already.”
“You love being filled up with my cock, don’t you, pretty boy? You take it so well. Have you been aching to have me inside you again all this time? I bet you have. You’re such a slut for my cock now, aren’t you? I bet you’d love it if I just chained you up and used you as my personal fuck toy, wouldn’t you?”
With that, the man stood up, pushing Dean’s plug back into his hole. Then he pulled Dean up on wobbling legs and once again pushed him to his knees. “You know what to do,” the sheriff said, waving his soft dick in Dean’s face. Rolling his eyes, Dean leaned forward and did his best to lick the sheriff’s cock clean. Thankfully, this time the man did not ask him to lick his spend from the side of the car.
“Can I at least go and see my folks? You can come with me. I got a lot of questions for them that I really need answered.”
Castiel got up and served them each a slice. Dean savored every bite. This was even better than the burger. Dean remembered how his mom always baked a pie to cheer him up whenever he was down, which probably helped to cement the food as one of his favorites.
“You’ve been nodding off almost as soon as we got into the car,” Castiel said, stroking Dean’s hair. “I should thank you, Gabriel, for looking after my family so well. I really do appreciate it. You’re welcome to stay with us as long as you need.”
“Look, I’ll let you pick out whatever you want, and you get to say where it goes. If you don’t like any of the options, then we can at least truthfully tell my father we at least looked.”
Then Castiel began to trail his kisses over to Dean’s neck before whispering into his ear. “I’m sorry I just really wanted to celebrate. I’ve done it. I just got word that your passport application was approved! All I need to do now is bring you in for a final interview and have your photograph taken. If we go tomorrow, we could leave here in less than a week!”
“Rufus lives about five miles that way,” Bobby continued, explaining where many of his long-lost friends were. “It ain’t just Heaven, Dean. It’s the Heaven you deserve, and we’ve been waitin’ for ya.”
“I’m already happy to know you were the alpha who bought me,” Dean confessed. “I really hoped it was you. I… enjoyed meeting you last week.”
Dean stopped pacing when he heard footsteps approaching. He turned to face the door, determined to put up as much of a fight as possible.
Gingerly, Dean lifted the collar out of the bowl, the runes now glowing a dark red. “There is one last thing you ought to know,” Dean said as he approached with the collar. “Something I was always afraid to admit to myself before I was turned.”
Castiel seemed to be trying to treat Dean like a human being for the first time. Dean’s life over the past several weeks had been hell, but perhaps that was coming to an end now that they finally had an understanding between them.
“Hurry up, Gabe,” Cas called over Dean’s shoulder even as he pulled Dean into an affectionate embrace. “We need to get out of here, now!”
Dean glanced over at the alpha, looking remarkably smug for a man on trial. “Sadistic,” Dean replied. “He really enjoys seeing others in pain, especially omegas.”
Once they were back in Castiel’s suite, the alpha led Dean back into the bathroom. “Let me take care of your ass. I wasn’t expecting to have to punish you. I have some aloe that will help soothe the pain.”
“I need to say this, okay?” Dean continued, a knot of emotion threatening to lodge in his throat as he blinked away the sting of tears that had begun to crest in his eyes. “You always had me. Hell, you had me at the first
“I understand,” Castiel said, visibly disappointed. “I’m feeling rather exhausted. I’m going to go take a nap. There are two bedrooms. I won’t ask you to share mine. At least not while we’re here”
“Yeah but that’s not as good as the real stuff, and you know it,” Dean said. “Isn’t that right Bobby? The real stuff is the best!” Bobby just kept nursing silently, his little eyes closed.
“Oh, I’m considering some decorations for my mate. Perhaps a piercing or a tattoo. I can’t decide what would look best so I’m bringing him along to try a few things.”
Once they were alone, Castiel began to rub Dean’s clothed rear appreciatively. “Dean, are you sure? I don’t have to…”
“Just do as I ask, please,” Castiel said, moving toward one of the cabinets and pulling out a strange looking metal implement.
“To the airport,” Castiel explained. “We’re heading back to Canada. Things may be shifting in the U.S., but I’d feel safer staying out of the country until everything has settled down. At least until after the pups are born, at any rate.”
When Dean’s phone buzzes, he looks at it absentmindedly. Sam’s out on another date with the resurrected Eileen, Jack is still locked away in his room, and Castiel is who-knows-where. He sits up and takes notice when he sees the text is from Castiel.
Dean made his way back to Castiel and the lawyer. “What’s going on? Why did the judge take them back to her office?”
Mary looked at him with tear filled eyes. “You have no idea. Come on, come inside. I’ll make some coffee.”
“That’s more like it,” the sheriff said, pulling Dean upright, turning him and pushing him down until the dirt and gravel dug painfully into his knees. Looking up at the sheriff, he watched as the man opened his fly and pulled out his rock-hard cock. “Now, be a good boy and get my cock nice and wet. If I feel teeth, you’ll earn yourself another sound whipping, do you understand?”
Reaching out, Castiel cupped Dean’s face with one hand, and like a man starved, Dean leaned into the touch. “Cas…”
“You’re taking my cock so well,” Castiel purred into his ear, one hand still gripping Dean’s cock. “You feel almost as good as heaven around my cock. So tight for me.”
Once again, Dean thought about the handsome doctor and lamented that he hadn’t tried to claim Dean right then and there when he’d knotted him. Dean would have been incredibly happy to have had an alpha like that.
“I’ve studied all the physical exam protocols,” Castiel explained as he reached out and literally grabbed Dean by the balls. “So, first, I need you to turn your head and cough.”
Castiel drove to the shop he’d mentioned, Omega Tattoos and Piercings. Dean rolled his eyes but kept is mouth shut as Castiel led him inside.
Gabriel took a deep breath and looked at the guards behind them briefly before continuing. “Also, I just found out something even more troubling. I don’t want to jeopardize the health of you or the pups, but you need to know this.”
Dean took in a deep breath of fresh air and looked up at the cloudless sky. Thankfully, it was mid-summer, so it was warm enough for him to be led around completely nude. Gabriel set an easy pace as he led Dean along one of the garden paths that started near the patio. The guards kept their distance, but remained ever present behind them.
Once Castiel began walking again, Dean immediately rose and followed. They made it all the way to Castiel’s suite without further interruption and Dean breathed a little sigh of relief. He knew he was still being watched by whatever hidden cameras there might be, but it was easier to remain calm now.
Dean buried his head into the pillows. He couldn’t decide if this was better or worse. He was away from that sadistic doctor, but being anywhere near his father-in-law wasn’t going to be much better. In fact, they could be much, much worse.
“Well…it was kinda sweet…even if he was a complete asshole in how he went about it. I think he just wanted to see you happy.”
The alpha walked over to one of the walls of implements and surveyed them for a moment, before selecting a slender looking cane. He came back and stood right in front of Dean just admiring the naked omega before him for a moment. “Dean, I’d much rather have you in my bed right now. I’d rather be celebrating our mating with cake, champagne and love making. Instead we’re here and I’m most displeased by this. So, before we go over the rules, you will take the first punishment you’ve earned today. You will get twenty-five strikes from this cane for what you said after our mating. Such outbursts will not be tolerated in the future.”
Dean’s cock had gotten rock hard again and now that the knot was rubbing against his prostate, Dean felt an orgasm build inside of him. Just then the knot locked into place and Castiel bit down on the mating mark again, sinking is teeth deep into Dean’s flesh.
Castiel parked in front of an erotic omega toy shop that was located half-way between the tattoo and piercing shop and the post office. He led Dean inside and asked about a back exit. Hopefully if Michael was still watching them, he’d think Castiel was going to buy some kinky toys to use on Dean.
The alpha sighed and gave Dean five lashes with the strap over his already bruised and battered backside. The wave of pain was so intense, Dean thought he was going to vomit.
“You haven’t run off yet and it’s not like I’ve kept you on a leash or anything. You know as well as I do that you’d never make it very far on your own. I trust that you won’t try and run off and get yourself arrested or killed.”
The proprietor greeted them as they entered. “Good afternoon! Looking to decorate that beautiful boy of yours there?”
Dean watched in horror as the doctor grabbed Dean’s cock and inserted the end of the catheter tube into his urethra. The monster didn’t even use lubrication this time and Dean screamed at the burn as it slid down into his bladder. Soon urine began to flow through the catheter and collected into a sterile back at the other end of the tube. The process felt like it would last forever until the doctor felt that he had enough urine for whatever test he was going to run. Once the doctor was satisfied, he cruelly yanked the catheter out, causing Dean to scream into his gag.
Still lightheaded, Dean wobbled to his feet and did his best to comply. Soon he was following as Castiel led him up a flight of stairs to the upper floor of the house. There was a hallway with four doors, and Castiel led him to the one at the end of the hall. “This is the master bedroom. When you’re good, you’ll sleep in bed with me. If you’re naughty, you’ll sleep in that cage in the corner. There’s also a cage in the basement for more severe behavior, but we’ll talk about that later.”
Dean let out a sigh of relief when the alpha pack turned tail and ran as soon as the police arrived. Despite all the changes happening, Dean knew it would take a long time for some people, especially some alphas, to accept omegas as equals. Even if the amendment was ratified today, it would still be a long battle towards true equality.
As they made it back to Baby, Miracle ran up to Dean, tail wagging happily. Without even thinking twice, Dean opened the back door and let the happy mutt jump in.
Finding himself without the bit in his mouth for a change, Dean looked sternly at the alpha. “Because it’s wrong to treat another human being like this!”
Smiling to himself, Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel and laid a quick kiss on the man’s shoulder. “Yes, sir.”
“Jack!” Dean exclaimed with a bright smile, reaching out to pull him into a hug. “How’ve you been? So, you made Cas an angel again?”
“I don’t want to risk any of us getting grabbed again,” Dean said. “Until your father has been tried and convicted, you know he’s still a threat, even from behind bars. We only go to the hospital if it’s an emergency. Promise?”
“Now, don’t get too cocky. Dad can’t break you the way he really wants, but that doesn’t mean he won’t want to warm your hide if you get too out-of-line.”
“Dean, just stay put, okay?” Castiel said before turning to their security detail that stood behind them. “Keep an eye on him.”
Dean let out a soft sigh as he stood and allowed Gabriel to attach the leash to his collar. Dean knew that Gabriel could just be saying that for all the cameras in the room, but he had a sinking feeling that he’d be back in this room again in a little over an hour, and his hopes for escape from this nightmare quickly receded.
After several long moments of just getting lost in each other, Castiel broke the kiss and looked at Dean. “Why now?”
When Castiel’s wings wrapped around them both even tighter, Dean pulled back and looked at Castiel, his eyes flitting between his husband’s eyes and those glorious wings. “How are you an angel again?”
“Rule number one, omegas should be seen, not heard. You are not to speak or make other sounds unless asked a direct question or given a direct order. Simply nod your head to acknowledge your compliance.”
Opening his mouth, the smell of Castiel’s arousal was heady as the man slowly slid his cock between Dean’s lips and over his tongue. When Castiel took his mouth last time, they had been outdoors, and Dean hadn’t noticed the man’s scent of arousal as much as he did now. There was something about it that was arousing and made his own dick twitch with anticipation.
Castiel was holding the one swaddled in blue. “Hello, Bobby,” Castiel said as he stroked a finger along the infant’s cheek. “Welcome to the world.”
Pulling up to the house that his phone GPS had directed him toward, Dean took a deep breath to calm his nerves. It was a small, unassuming craftsman style house that sat at the edge of the small town. It was situated on a few acres of wooded land. That gave the sheriff a lot of privacy from neighbors. Slowly, Dean stepped out of his car and took in his surroundings as he retrieved his pack of belongings from the backseat. Seeing the woodshed next to the house made Dean’s heart skip a beat, as he imagined being led there for punishments.
Dean screamed as Castiel’s teeth tore into his flesh. When he felt the mating bond snap into place at the same time Castiel’s cock began flooding his hole with potent alpha seed, Dean’s body was wracked with an intense orgasm. The blinding pleasure was almost too much, and it took him several moments to come back to himself.
“It’s the least I can do,” Gabriel replied. “After all the pranks I played on him as a kid. Cas didn’t have it easy being the youngest.”
“Don’t worry about that, it’ll be taken care of. I’ll come by and take you after you’ve had your lunch, let’s say every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, okay?” Gabriel asked.
“No, Dean,” Castiel replied with a shake of his head. “I told your father that less than two percent of omegas these days are born capable of carrying young. So the chances were low, but not zero.”
“That’s not something I have any control over, and you know that,” Castiel said. “When are you seeing Gabriel again?”
So, Dean learned all the various kneeling positions and how to do them gracefully. Then they would go on hikes in the surrounding forest so he could practice walking behind Castiel exactly three steps, no more, no less. He even agreed to learn how to present for his alpha, just to show that he knew the proper form although he made sure Castiel knew in no uncertain terms that he was not going to get to mount him again anytime soon.
“I can’t think of anyone more worthy,” Jack said. “Angels aren’t any more perfect than humans. Having flaws is what makes you human, but it’s how you managed those flaws that makes you worthy of joining the angelic host.”
“No, I should thank you. Both of you,” Jack said, giving Dean a squeeze and turning to give Castiel a hug as well. “Without your guidance, I could have gone down a much different path.”
Someone tugged on his leash and led him off the block and backstage. “Say your goodbyes, omega,” he was told as he was led over to where John and Sam were waiting. The reality of what was happening set in as he saw Sammy’s tear-stained face. “Why dad?” he shouted again. Sam hadn’t taken the news well when John told him that Dean was being auctioned. Dean was less upset. This was just the way of things.
“Well, at least the boys got a little time at the park,” Dean said. “It’s almost time for their nap anyway.”
Once clean, Castiel dried them both carefully and dressed himself before clipping Dean’s cuffs together behind his back again and leading him back out into the
Dean could hear the clink of Castiel’s belt, followed by the opening of his zipper. “This claiming should also trigger an early heat, but if you catch quickly, it shouldn’t last too long. Still, I am looking forward to mounting you as many times as it takes to put a litter into you.”
As they walked in the front door, Bobby immediately dropped the toy he was playing with and toddled over to them. “Dada! Papa!” Bobby had just learned to walk and Dean couldn’t have been more proud. “Hey little man!” Dean said as he scooped Bobby into his arms.
As they watched the trial proceed, the prosecution brought up witness after witness, detailing all the horrifying ways omegas had been treated at the training facilities. Many of the witnesses were former employees of the facilities, testifying as hostile witnesses. There were even one or two brave omegas that had survived their
Castiel reached out a hand, taking one of Dean’s, gently stroking. “For starters, I’d like to stay here with you, if you’ll have me.”
Dean let his eyes slide over Castiel and for the first time he allowed himself to appreciate the handsome angel. Castiel seemed to notice Dean staring at him and turned around. “Dean?”
The elder Novak grunted in frustration but then nodded in agreement. “Alright, call me when you’ve completed the tests. I want to be here when you begin the process of breaking him. I look forward to seeing the spirit finally die in his eyes.”
“It’s on loan to us from the Prime Minister,” Castiel explained. “It was for sale and the government bought it as a temporary refuge for us. I have the option to buy it if we decide to say in the Ottawa area long-term.”
Dean tried to growl again, but his vocal chords were so strained from all the screaming he’d done that day, all he could manage was a weak hiss.
Castiel’s hands came up to clutch at Dean’s arms and he leaned his head against Dean’s. Dean reached up and guided Castiel to turn his head. For a moment Dean stared into his mate’s impossibly blue eyes and without a second thought, kissed him. Castiel reached up for him and pulled him closer until Dean was practically sitting in his lap.
Dean looked up at Castiel and then at Gabriel who was seated between his legs. “Push Dean. You need to birth these pups now.”
“It’s that obvious, huh?” Dean teased as he began to yawn. He leaned back into Castiel’s arms and snuggled into his embrace.
A few days later the official sentencing was to be read. Dean and Castiel tuned in from their private video feed to hear exactly what sort of punishment was in store for their tormentor.
“That’s better,” Gabriel said with a sly wink which confused Dean. “I’ll come back after dinner to check up on you and the little one, alright?”
“Oh yes,” Castiel said. “I included that because there are times when I come home from work and really need to blow off steam. That could just mean I need to have some fast, rough sex, but sometimes I might need to ask you to endure some pain for me.”
“So, tell me. Right now, what do you want?” Castiel asked. “Do you want to just cuddle and talk? Should I make slow, sweet love to you? Or do you want me to ravish you, pounding you into the mattress?”
Castiel kept fucking him right through it and when Dean’s senses came back to him, Cas grinned at him wickedly. The angel grabbed his thighs tight and began pounding him with renewed abandon. Dean’s overly sensitive prostate cried out for mercy, when Castiel finally stilled, pumping his angelic seed deep inside of Dean.
Castiel smirked before moving off to get the dishes. “Yes, sir,” he said a bit sarcastically. “My father would have a conniption if he saw me following orders from an omega.”
The impending trial against Castiel’s father and brother was still several months off and Dean was due to have the pups soon, so he and Castiel focused on preparing for the birth and not worrying about anything else for the time being.
Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, Castiel sat up and turned on the radio. “I’ve been afraid to listen to it, but we should know what we’re getting ourselves into.”
“Welcome home, son,” the elder Novak said. “I see your mate is finally behaving. Is that why you ran off with him?”
As he finished reading the pages again, Dean was so aroused it only took a few more hard strokes of his hand before he was coming all over himself.
Dean pulled the hand that Castiel wrapped around him up to his lips and kissed it. “G’night Cas. I love you.”
After they arrived in Ottawa, everything was a whirlwind for Dean and Castiel. First, they were taken to meet the Prime Minister of Canada, who welcomed them to the country and granted them full amnesty in front of a crowd of reporters and photographers. Afterward they were taken to several interviews and Dean tried to answer the barrage of questions as best as he could.
Breaking the kiss, Castiel took Dean’s hand and laid it over his own erection. “Do you want me, Dean?”
“Yes, right here,” Castiel said, pointing at a small basket on the floor. “I expect swifter compliance of the rules in the future.”
Dean tried to scream but the deep inhale he had to take to do so, filled his lungs with whatever the cloth had been soaked in. Before Dean could even think of the word
Dean glared at him, wishing he could spit in the alpha’s face, but he was still gagged. So instead he grunted his dissent while trying to kick out again, which caused him to lose his balance, pulling hard on his arms and shoulders. Dean roared in frustration behind the gag.
“I’m just worried my father’s defense attorney is going to ask you questions merely to make you upset,” Castiel admitted.
It seemed to take ages but they were finally called into the office and once again Dean knelt at Castiel’s feet. Dean kept looking at Castiel’s shoes as the passport clerk shuffled around some papers.
Dean remained seated in the back of the courtroom, his knee bouncing as he drummed his fingers nervously on the arm of the bench. Castiel and his lawyer had been in the judge’s chambers for over half-an-hour now and Dean was beginning to worry.
Dean found Castiel sitting on the steps out to the back yard, sobbing. After everything that had happened over the last several weeks, it all started to make sense now and he knew Castiel was telling the truth.
“Please calm down,” she said with a kind voice. “I just need to ask you some questions, alright? Do you think you can do that?”
“Oh, you’ll see. The Federal Prosecutor is pushing for the maximum penalty allowed against an alpha, and it’s a doozy,” Castiel grinned. “I’d like that to be a surprise, but I also don’t want to get your hopes up before the trial. My father may still have a few tricks up his sleeve.”
After a few minutes of driving, Castiel exclaimed, “Dean! Look!” Dean rose his head and looked out of the front window. He couldn’t believe his eyes, but they were approaching a big white and red sign that read, “Welcome to Canada.”
Dean felt Castiel’s heavy cock twitch against his belly at those words. “Then you will have me, my beautiful and feisty mate.”
Dean cried out again as another contraction hit. Once it had passed he looked at Gabriel with pleading eyes. “Hey, didn’t we talk about me getting an epidural? Please?”
Castiel kissed him back fervently and this time around Dean happily allowed it. After they broke the kiss, Dean leaned his head on Castiel’s shoulder. “Thank you. I’m sorry I almost ruined everything a couple of weeks ago. I was starting to fear…”
New footsteps came behind Dean and he could smell the scent of alpha arousal. Dean’s own cock twitched at the scent and Dean cursed his own biology for responding.
Castiel took a defensive stance in front of the pups. “Don’t you lay a hand on my family,” he growled.
“Yeah, Cas and I gotta get back. It wa so good seeing you, bro. You watch out for mom and dad, alright?”
Stroking him gently a few times, Castiel settled himself between Dean’s legs. Slicking up his own hardness, Cas guided himself into Dean’s hole. Dean cried out when the head breached, the initial burn hurting in all the right ways.
The pups were growing fast and it would be any day now when Sammy and Johnny would be walking too. They were always exceeding expectations, learning to say Dada and Papa before they even turned six-months old. All three now had full heads of hair and their eye color had stabilized. Bobby had his papa’s dirty blond hair and his dada’s brilliant blue eyes, while the twins had Castiel’s black hair and Dean’s mischievous green eyes.
Burying his face in his hands, Dean tried to pretend this wasn’t happening. It was practically straight out of one of his Dr. Sexy fantasies, but with Castiel. Sure, ever since he’d see Cas wearing that doctor get-up, he’d started having fantasies about the angel that he knew he shouldn’t have, but this was all very unexpected.
Gabriel sat on the bed next to Dean. “It’s not for your benefit, that’s for sure. He was hell-bent on having you broken six-ways to Sunday in that training facility of his. It’s that baby you’re carrying. He doesn’t want to risk harming one of his grandchildren, regardless of which of his sons fathered it. His legacy is what matters to him.”
The next month went by quickly, as Dean and Castiel worked with an architect to design their ideal home. There were going to be enough bedrooms for everyone, and besides Dean, Castiel, Gabriel, the nanny and the boys, there had to be room for their three omega brothers-in-law, and all their pups as well. They also needed bedrooms for any additional live-in staff they would hire as well.
“Now that you’re back, I must also insist that you eat dinner with the family tonight. Is that understood?”
“We’ll discuss the use of this space in more detail later,” Castiel said as he stood to one side. “However, I suggest you behave yourself if you want to avoid finding yourself down here too often.”
Jack reached out a hand and placed it on Dean’s shoulder and for a moment everything disappeared in a flash of blinding white light. The next thing Dean knew, he felt the weight of a pair of wings growing out of his back and an indescribable sense of inner peace.
Dean perked up at the idea of being able to get out of this damnable room, regardless of how luxurious it was. A prison was still a prison, no matter how comfortable the trappings were. “Yeah, that sounds great, but how will I get out of here?” Dean lifted the length of chain attached to his ankle.
Dean. I don’t know what else to do. Maybe we can figure out something else in the future. I had always hoped to get an apartment in the city. If we aren’t living at the estate, I’d wouldn’t expect you to follow protocol in private.”
After dropping Sam off at Eileen’s, Dean decided to head back to the bunker, stopping by a pet supply store along the way to get Miracle outfitted. After wrangling open the bunker door while carrying a large dog bed, dog dishes, and a large bag of premium dog food, he said, “welcome home,” as Miracle bounded through the door and down the stairs.
The alpha nodded. “That’s why I brought you out here. I was trying to train you based on his principles and it clearly hasn’t been working. He wanted to send you away to an omega training facility. Some place where they’d have no qualms in completely breaking you. I argued that I didn’t want you broken. Not like that.”
“Yeah, big time!” Dean said as he reached out and grabbed one of Castiel’s hands and pulled him over to feel his belly. “Feel that?”
Once outside, Gabriel finally responded to Dean’s question. “You’re carrying triplets,” Gabriel reminded him. “You will get far larger yet before you’re finally ready to give birth to those three boys. Have you thought of names for them yet?”
“Asking for something like that? That takes guts,” John said. “I’m proud of you. That would have been the right call. I’m glad you didn’t have to make it though.”
“So, you won’t be using that room in the basement for this?” Dean asked, before taking a sip of water.
“The current theory is that it’s a built-in population control mechanism,” Castiel said. “As the human population gets larger, more betas are born because they rarely have multiples. They aren’t designed for it like omegas are.”
Dean whined as Castiel’s fingers found his prostate and massaged it vigorously. “So, you better be a good boy for me and don’t come.”
Next Castiel went to dig through the trunk of the car and threw a set of sweats at him. “Here, since we’re officially fugitives now anyway, there’s no point in you trying to act the part of a
Thinking about it for a moment, Dean slowly nodded. “Yeah, actually. Could you explain the difference between discipline and punishment, and what the heck is that bit about stress relief?”
For an omega to receive a passport, there was a three-stage process. First, their alpha guardian or mate had to make the initial application, which Castiel had done online before they left the cabin. Following that was an interview for the alpha who submitted the application. Castiel had to make excuses of why he was leaving the estate in order to attend the interview, while he locked Dean into his suite in order to keep him safe.
“Don’t worry, Dean. We’ll make it. I’ll try to get gas again in another hour or so. Before then I’ll try to stop long enough so we can get a restroom break, alright”
Hedging his bets, he opted to beg for his Keeper’s pleasure over his own. “Please… come, sir,” Dean begged. “
“I’m not nearly as naïve as I let on all these years,” Castiel confessed, leaning down to plunder Dean’s mouth before he could think to protest.
Getting lost in the rhythm and focused on his breathing, Dean began to lose track of time. Dean’s eyes slid closed as he let this man, he barely knew, just use him for his own pleasure. He was pulled back down to earth when Castiel gripped his hair tightly and pushed his cock as deep as he could. “Swallow, pretty boy, uhn. Fuck! Take it. Swallow it all.”
“Well, alright!” the woman said. “One of everything, coming right up. I love a man who appreciates his pie,” she said with a wink.
They were so close. Less than ten miles to the border. Dean’s buzz of excited energy dropped away as the troopers approached their car with guns drawn.
Ok sure, Castiel promising to get his belly full of pups sounded hot when he was in heat, but now Dean felt a sense of panic. How the hell could he and Cas raise triplets?
Dean laughed and flipped himself over. “Oh, alright. I can tell you really want to. Spank away, dude!”
Dean grabbed the mugs of coffee he’d just poured and walked out to the front porch, handing one mug to Castiel. “Here you go, sir.”
Castiel flashed a bright, gummy smile. “I very much enjoyed meeting you as well,” he said, while stroking Dean’s hair gently. “I look forward to knotting that sweet ass of yours frequently.”
As a child, Dean had a lot of freedom. Sure, he wasn’t allowed to go to school like his brother, but unlike some omegas he’d see, he wasn’t led around on a collar and leash like a dog. Thankfully, where he lived, most people treated omegas just like everyone else. It was uncommon to see an omega treated the way he’d seen on TV and in movies.
“Dean! I was so worried,” the alpha began, as Dean flinched and tried to pull away. A sad look flitted across the alpha’s features. “Dean, why must you be so defiant?” the alpha practically whispered running a hand over his face and through his hair in frustration. “I’ve never met an omega as stubborn as you. Why won’t you learn to obey?”
Relaxing into the mattress, Dean let his legs fall open as Castiel inserted a lubed finger. He couldn’t hold back the groan of pleasure when Cas found his prostate. “Fuck, how did you know where to find that?”
“What I’ve always wanted,” Dean replied. “But I was too damn scared to admit it to myself before. What I want is you. In every carnal sense.”
John sat on the front porch of his little house that overlooked a serene lake. He took swig of his beer as he casually wondered where Mary had run off to. He hadn’t seen her in a while.
“Yes, Father,” Castiel said. “I didn’t want an omega broken by those training facilities. I decided I could best handle his training by myself, in private.”
The number differed from the one on the calling card the sheriff had given him the first time. Shaking his head, he folded the pages and tucked his cock back into his boxers before getting up to splash some water on his face. Looking at himself in the mirror for a long while, he wondered why the sheriff kept calling him pretty boy.
“Come on Dean,” Castiel said, holding out his arm. “Let’s get back and celebrate. I think this calls for some Champagne!”
Castiel nodded. “That is a possibility. Also, if there’s a history museum in Canada that’s hiring, I could potentially do that sort of work as well. What about you?”
Dean tried very hard to keep his head down. He and Castiel had discussed this and he tried to trust that the alpha had no intention of actually decorating him in that manner. If he came home with a tattoo instead of a passport today, all the trust Castiel had built with him would be completely broken.
“A lot is riding on the outcome of this trial,” Castiel said. “There is no doubt in anyone’s mind is that out father is guilty. I think all the testimonies will help determine the extent of punishment that he’ll be due.”
John shook his head. “I asked the other members of the Omega Freedom group and no one else received any threats as far as I know.”
Dean looked down at their tiny faces, and tears came to his eyes again. “Wow, look at them. They’re beautiful!”
“You and I are going to spend a lot of time down here,” the alpha said as he led Dean towards a padded bench. As soon as he saw it had restraints he panicked and refused to be led further. “No, I’m not putting you on the bench. Not yet, anyway. Come.”
“Yes, Your Honor,” Dean replied. “They had to strap me down and gag me for it, and when Cas gave me the claiming bite, I resisted. So, that claiming didn’t completely take.”
“Wow. I’m honored, Sir,” John said as he felt flustered. “You…don’t quite look like I pictured you would.”
“Good night father. Dinner was excellent as always. I’ll see you tomorrow,” Castiel said before leading Dean away, not waiting for his father to respond.
“I knew I was safe as long as my pups were still inside me,” Dean explained. “However, he had plans for after they were born. He was going to take my pups away and give them to his son Michael and his mate to raise, with a claim that Michael had sired them. Sharing omegas, even after mating, is still legal and is done quite often at the Novak estate, so no one would question that.”
“There’s a small town another hour up the road,” Castiel continued. “I think we might be safe to get gas there. I do have some cash on me so I won’t have to pump and run again.”
“I’m guessing it was a pretty standard claiming,” Dean shrugged. “I mean, yeah I didn’t want to be there, but there was a priest and all of my family and Castiel’s family.”
Gabriel was the only unmated son, having the luck of being born a beta. While Balthazar and Raphael sons weren’t involved in the training center operations, they still faced some charges of abuse against their mates because of the current Omega Rights laws that were in effect. All the brothers, except Castiel, had their omegas and pups taken from them and put into protective custody until after the trial.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief. While the lady looked like she was kind, he didn’t really want to belong to an older woman, if he could help it.
Dean remained in the hospital-like room for several more days, but the alpha hadn’t come back. Instead, someone dressed like a nurse came in to check on him. She would change his IV and his bed pan and give him a sponge bath every day. Dean flushed with embarrassment every time he needed to use the bed pan but he wasn’t left with any other option. Dean hoped that whatever was in the IV must include nutrients along with fluids because no one brought him any food or water.
When Florida voted in favor, it made Dean hold out hope. Florida was a swing state and could have gone either way. No one was surprised when Georgia, Alabama, and Louisiana voted against, but it was a surprise when Texas voted in favor of the amendment.
Leaning his forehead against Castiel’s, while Castiel ran his fingers over the collar Dean still wore, Dean smiled. “Thank you, sir.”
Dean and Castiel spend time together at the secluded cabin, and Dean finally allows Castiel to teach him how to appear like an obedient omega.
“Oh, okay,” Dean said before finishing the rest of his meal. Once he’d cleaned his plate, he looked back up at Castiel and asked. “What about the stress relief?”
That was quite the roller coaster. I hope everyone liked how I tied the story up. I'm glad so many read and commented on this.
Dean was so relaxed it took him a moment to register what Castiel had said. Then he looked at the television and blinked several times to comprehend what it was saying on the screen. Thirty-eight states in favor, twelve opposed. The Omega Rights Amendment had been ratified!
“As for the three of you,” the judge changed her focus to the brothers. “You will be incarcerated with your father for the rest of his natural life. He will be the only omega you will be allowed to mount during your incarceration. Once his life has ended, all three of you will also be fully castrated before being released.”
“So, what’s going on?” John asked. “There isn’t a problem is there? We’re sorry we weren’t able to train him up proper for you Mr. Novak, so I’m sure you had your hands full with Dean, but it looks like you have him well in hand now.”
Grabbing Jack, he pulled the deity into a tight embrace. “You’re a good kid. Thanks for everything.”
“Sometimes,” Castiel replied. “There will be a variety of punishments, and not always in the form of physical pain. For example, if you have an orgasm or masturbate without permission, your punishment would be to have your cock caged for a week. If you fail to complete your chores around the house, you will lose the privilege of watching TV. That sort of thing.”
There went his dick, twitching eagerly again. This time Castiel saw it, based on the smug smile that crossed his lips. “Good to see at least part of you is on board with that idea. Now, go shower and then come help me with dinner.”
“Yes, Dean, just like a real cowboy,” Castiel said with a chuckle. “I had no idea you had an interest in being a cowboy.”
They finally made it to the passport office without seeing any signs of Michael. Castiel led Dean to the counter, where he dutifully knelt. “Hi. I’m here to pick up the passport for my omega? My name is Castiel Novak and my mate is Dean Novak.”
“Oh, he’s one of them uppity omegas,” the alpha said with a scowl. “Boys, I think we need to teach this omega a lesson, since his alpha is clearly too weak to handle him.”
… by Sheriff Novak. Yet, nothing he did could get the sheriff out of his head. Every time Dean jacked off in the shower, his mind went back to when he was bent over the sheriff’s car, hands cuffed behind him, and fucked against his will. Fucked until he’d had the best damn orgasm of his life.
Dean stepped in and soon they were both soaping each other. For the first time he was able to enjoy running his hands across Castiel’s back and chest without worrying about what his father-in-law was seeing. The prying eyes were gone and they could finally relax and be themselves.
“Well, technically angels have no gender as humans understand it,” Chuck explained. “However, Castiel currently has a male vessel. He could change vessels but I think that would just make it worse.”
Not pausing to let Dean appreciate the tingling warmth of the initial sting, Castiel laid into his ass with a rapid-fire succession of smacks, peppering Dean’s ass and thighs. There was no rhyme or reason as to where the blows landed, only the rhythmic staccato of smacks as each hit with a smarting sting.
Letting Dean’s cock slide out of his mouth, Castiel grinned at him like the Cheshire Cat, while giving Dean a moment to catch his breath. Castiel eventually stood and pulled Dean to his feet as well. “Let’s take a shower. We can’t go to bed all sticky.”
“Yeah, you and me both,” Dean said. “Thankfully because I was pregnant, he couldn’t do what he had planned to. He was going to break me in one of those omega training facilities of his. At least the bastard had the decency to care about his future grandkids enough to not want to jeopardize their health.”
!!!” Dean cried out as the waves of ecstasy overcame him, his hips bucking and this entire body shuddering in the aftermath of his orgasm.
“Yeah,” Dean replied with a blush, remembering that night vividly. “I was just at the start of a heat and I had already decided beforehand to let him claim me fully. I’m pretty sure that’s also when I got pregnant with the pups.”
“I now pronounce that you alpha Castiel Novak, have mated and claimed the omega, Dean Novak, formerly Winchester” the priest announced. “May he give you many healthy pups.”
Gabriel was late for his Wednesday outing and Dean went back to sit on the bed and was about to turn the TV back on when his brother-in-law finally arrived. “Sorry I’m late today,” Gabriel apologized. “Michael’s omega needed my attention more urgently. The poor thing was whipped to within an inch of his life this morning, all because he had dared to disagree about something. Yes, Dad, I’m telling him!” Gabriel finished in a louder voice, looking directly at one of the cameras.
Relief flooded through Dean as he slumped down to his shoulders on the bed. “Yes, sir. I won’t complain. Thank you.”
The prosecutor led Dean through the rest of his confinement at the estate and his eventual rescue by Castiel and Gabriel before he was finished. “I have nothing further.”
while his littler brother Sam held him down. Dean desperately wanted to remove the offending plug, but there was no way he could remove it, with the way his hands were secured behind his back with leather cuffs. Cuffs that were standard issue for any omega in public over the age of eighteen. The final kicker was the gag shaped like a horse’s bit in his mouth.
Dean wasn’t sure, but it would be for the best if they could get this over with quickly. “Hard and fast, alpha. Please!”
Years later, Castiel was the first to go, which didn’t surprise Dean. He tried to be brave, holding his beloved husband’s hand at the hospital. Looking up at him with his still brilliant blue eyes, rimmed with tears, Castiel gave him a shaky smile. “I’ll see you again, Dean.”
“I’m glad the idea pleases you, Dean,” Castiel said as he hugged the omega back. “I expect to get your input on the house we’ll build. I want it to be our home, in every way.”
“You did when I was human, yeah,” Dean said. “But I’m not human anymore. Plus, I didn’t want to tip Sammy off.”
Dean’s cock was aching, and he did his best to relax and let himself be used, hoping the sheriff would help tip him over the edge with that firm grip of his. Blanketing Dean’s back, the sheriff rutted into him with deep jabs of his hips, aiming for his prostate each time. “If you want to come, you have to do it untouched. I’m not going to help a disobedient boy, and I want you to come from getting fucked by my cock. Can you do that for me, pretty boy?”
For the hundredth time, Dean dragged the now crumpled sheets of paper out of his back pocket as he lay back on yet another motel room bed. Unfolding them, he stared at the title as he unbuttoned his jeans and took out his already semi-hard cock.
Feeling the tension in his shoulders ease, Dean nodded and placed Baby’s keys into Castiel’s outstretched hand. “Okay. Thank you, sir.”
“You look delicious like this, little omega,” Castiel growled. “All bound and helpless, ready to be mounted and bred like you were meant to be.”
Dean picked up little Bobby and just stared at him for a moment as the infant reached out and grabbed his nose, giggling at him the whole while. “Yeah, very funny little man,” Dean teased as he leaned in to kiss one of his chubby cheeks. “I hope you grow up in a better world than I did.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean replied. “Thanks for chasing those guys off. I was afraid they might hurt our pups.”
Castiel brought over a rolling stool and sat down between Dean’s legs, picking up the metal implement and liberally coating it in lube. It took Dean a moment to realize what was about to happen. The implement Castiel was so generously coating with lube was a speculum.
Michael looked a little put off but just shrugged. “Alright, maybe we’ll still be there when you’re done with your
“Thank you again,” Castiel said gratefully. “I do hope that changed enough minds to stop that Dissolution of Omega Rights Bill. Only time will tell now.”
“Dean could be ready in a few minutes or it could take another hour or so,” Gabriel said. “He’s farther along than I would have expected. Dean must have slept through the earliest part of his contractions.”
When Gabriel left he closed and relocked the doors. Dean knew that Gabriel was the one brother Castiel was the closest to, and all things considered, Dean was grateful he was the only brother-in-law that had with a medical degree.
“But what? I am in love with you, Dean, and I greatly desire you,” Castiel said. “I know you feel the same. However, we don’t have to rush this. We can take it slow.”
“Sorry to startle you,” the man apologized. “My name’s Chuck and I needed to talk to you about something.”
treated would be put through training programs, alphas and omegas alike. Beta parents of alpha and omega children would lose custody of them and see them taken away so that the children could be raised
Dean defies every attempt Castiel makes to "train" him to be an obedient omega, which earns Dean increasingly worse punishments. A few unguarded moments make Dean wonder if everything about Castiel really is as it seems.
When their eyes met, Castiel’s hips stuttered to a stop. He leaned forward, grabbing Dean’s hands, and pinning them over his head. Grinding his cock inside of him, Castiel’s breath came in ragged gasps that Dean could feel puff against his face. Castiel’s eyes flicked between Dean’s eyes and lips, while grinding even deeper. Dean let out a needy whine and Castiel leaned all the way forward and captured his mouth.
“Your alpha actually participates in the caregiving?” the judged asked with a pointed look. “That’s highly unusual.”
“I look forward to seeing those new decorations this evening. You will join us for dinner tonight, won’t you?”
John finally took a deep breath and nodded. “Yeah, I’ll do it. If it makes Dean happy and helps keep him safe.”
“That sounds about right, so don’t get too used to being coddled,” Gabriel warned as he reached over and patted Dean on the knee. “You know I’m a licensed doctor, right? I’m going to be your personal physician. Besides myself, there is one staff member who will be allowed access to bring you food and help with anything else you might need. Other than escape, of course. I’m sure you noticed that lovely bit of jewelry on your ankle has been permanently welded shut. Removing it would severely injure you.”
Sighing again, Dean reached over to pick up the book he had been reading when he noticed a slip of paper peeking out from between the pages. Had he missed seeing that earlier? He carefully picked up the book, so it didn’t slip out and be visible to the cameras. He then turned the pages of the book to where the slip was hidden.
Castiel takes Dean away from the estate and they finally have a chance to talk and come to an understanding.
With that, Castiel sped up, dodging other cars, slipping through yellow lights, and zig zagging through town. “I don’t see him behind us anymore. I think we’re safe. Just in case, I’m going to park a few blocks from the passport office and we’ll go on foot.”
Stepping up onto the auction block, Dean felt the heat of embarrassment as so many alphas ogled his naked body. The leash attached to his collar was secured so he couldn’t run, and then the auction began. Everything was happening so fast, and Dean couldn’t keep up with what the auctioneer was saying. The bright lights also kept him from being able to see the faces of the alphas bidding on him.
“Thanks!” Dean said gratefully as he arranged the tray on his lap and bit into the burger. It was hot, juicy and oh so delicious. “This is perfect!” It took only moments for him to devour the entire burger and fries, washing it all down with the milkshake.
Dean took Castiel’s hand in his. “Yeah, I am, Sam. It’s time we moved on from this goddamned life,” Dean said and then looked up. “Oops, sorry Jack. Look, I want another shot at
“—Omega Rights Amendment was fast tracked from the start. If this amendment becomes ratified next month, it will be the second fastest ratification in our country’s history.”
“My father was very good at keeping everything about his business within the bounds of the law,” Castiel said with a sigh. “Thankfully we finally caught him when he slipped up about a month ago. He tried to offer a very illegal bribe to a congressman in exchange for his vote in favor of the Alpha Rights Bill. He was trying to bribe him with an omega from one of his facilities. While omegas are still technically considered the property of their parents and then their alpha, they are not the property of a training facility and cannot just be given or sold as such by them.”
Dean sank to his knees on the pillow, assuming that’s what his new alpha wanted. Castiel gave him a warm smile and praised him. “Good boy.”
“What have we here?” the sheriff asked as he spread apart Dean’s ass cheeks. The plug he’d slipped into his ass this morning must have been clearly visible. A rough, dry hand cupped his ass cheek and then slipped over his hip and reached around, stroking Dean’s hard-as-nails cock. The sheriff leaned close and growled into his ear. “You already this hard for me, pretty boy?”
Dean then felt a warm, wet cloth on his back as Castiel cleaned up his mess. “Come on, get under the covers and let’s get some sleep.”
Castiel groaned when he scented Dean’s arousal. “Get up on the bench. It’s time I properly mate and claim you, Omega.”
“Nah, you bit in the right place. I just fought the bond and I could tell it didn’t fully form. You got my body, but not my heart.”
“That’s it, omega,” the alpha growled with pleasure. After a few shallow thrusts, Castiel took both hands and gripped Dean’s head firmly. “Now, take a deep breath through your nose and relax your throat. I’m going to fuck your throat until I come.”
When they got the signal to walk onto the stage, Castiel took Dean’s hand and they walked side-by-side towards the podium. They had spent the past week rehearsing exactly what they were going to say, all Dean had to do was remember what they had practiced.
A month passed with still no word from Castiel. Taking longer walks was beginning to be difficult for Dean, so Gabriel started taking Dean for his fresh air in a wheel chair. Dean grumbled at first but after a week of struggling to complete an hour’s walk in the late summer heat, he finally acquiesced.
“Yes, Alpha,” he said as he stood and settled himself over Castiel’s lap and the alpha shifted him a bit, so his cock hung between the alpha’s legs, and his ass was tilted at the perfect angle to be spanked.
Dean hadn’t dared dream about this, always pushing the images to the back of his mind, but the moment Castiel’s lips brushed his, Dean melted against the former angel. His heart soared as he let Castiel kiss him. It was both soft and fierce at the same time.
What also had Dean worked up was that damned announcement his father-in-law made three days ago. Apparently, his lobbying efforts had paid off and he was confident that when Congress voted on the Dissolution of Omega Rights Bill, that it would pass. That vote was happening next week. Dean had been so angry at the news he failed to hide his emotions at dinner and his father-in-law immediately had Castiel bend him over the dining room table and administer twenty hits from his belt. That was in addition to his subsequent spanking. Dean’s ass was still sore from that.
“Well, I need to go check on our financial situation. I chose an international bank to transfer funds to and there’s a branch here in Ottawa. Then I was hoping to pick up some heat supplies for you. Do you want to come with or would you rather stay here and rest?”
He was about to turn and leave, hoping to escape before his erection became too obvious, when Castiel grabbed his arm and pulled him toward the exam table. “This isn’t a joke. You need to be in top condition for what’s coming. Now remove your clothes or I’ll do it for you.”
Castiel helped get Dean settled over one knee, while his other leg pinned Dean’s legs down. With the way he was positioned, Dean’s cock rubbed against Castiel’s leg and his ass was well presented for the spanking it was about to receive. With one arm wrapped around Dean’s waist to keep him still, Castiel wasted no time. The hairbrush cracked against his ass, making Dean yelp at the sharp sting.
“Yes, I think I can,” Cas said, reaching over to a little table he’d set up and picking up a large syringe filled with something clear. Dean was grateful it didn’t have a needle on the end. Castiel stuck the syringe into his ass between the speculum blades and began filling him with something cold.
“We finally got the DNA results back,” Gabriel beamed as Castiel came into the living room. “Want to know the results?”
As Dean entered the house behind Castiel, the scents wafting around him flooded him with memories. Happy days running around this house, chasing after Sam, eating mom’s home cooked meals, catching the ball with his dad in the yard. Dean couldn’t help the tears that crested and slid down his face.
“Thanks, Cas. Thanks for giving me a little bit of hope. I dunno how much longer I would have lasted if you had kept treating me like you did…but now…I’m starting to believe you might not be that monster I thought you were. Thank you.”
After dinner, Castiel led Dean to a room he called his study. There was a large desk, the walls were lined with books, and a fireplace on one wall. Sitting in a large, overstuffed chair by the fireplace, Castiel pointed to a pillow that was on the floor, giving Dean a pointed look.
“Are you sure you’re ready for this?” Castiel asked as he slipped his hand into Dean’s and gave it a squeeze.
“And I’m an uncle!” Sam exclaimed as he went over to look at little Bobby as his mom held and rocked the pup gently. They made some small talk while Dean finished feeding the pups. Then the nurses came in and took them all back to the nursery.
The next morning, Dean insisted on nursing the triplets one more time before they left for the courthouse. He hadn’t been away from the pups since they were born and the thought of leaving them alone with just the nanny and Gabriel made him nervous. “You keep this door locked tight. Only Gabriel, Cas and myself are allowed in or out. No one else. Is that clear?”
Pulling Dean back onto his feet, he was once again bent over the trunk of his car. His plug was pulled out, and while one hand gripped his hip tight, the sheriff began feeding his dick into Dean’s prepared hole. It didn’t hurt going in nearly as much as it had the first time the sheriff had taken him.
“I also know you find both men and women attractive, and that you are deeply ashamed of your attraction to men,” Castiel stated, matter-of-factly.
He wondered. Still, he pulled Baby over and walked out over a bridge overlooking a lazy river, taking a moment to enjoy the fresh air. That’s when he heard the flutter of wings behind him.
“There’s more? Ugh, what the hell? I hope whoever came up with all this shit is roasting in hell right now. Come on, out with it, what else is there?”
Gabriel made a noise of disgust next to them. “I think I’ll go check in on Martha and the pups. I’ll check the results on my phone.”
“Like a freakin’ candy factory,” Dean groused. “I swear, mother nature sure has some sense of humor.”
“Yup,” Gabriel grinned. “You showed the world that omegas are the same as everyone else.  It might take some time to sort it all out, but I think this will boost our economy. Think about all the new wage earners with an income there will be? And the schools that will have to be opened to educate all the omegas. Maybe your omega brothers-in-law may want to get an education too, so adult omega schools will also need to be opened.”
“They’re both fine and Mary is with them,” Chuck explained. “My sister did Dean a favor and brought his mom back to life.”
Dean ran his hand over the swell of his belly. “I’m kind of both scared and excited that we’re having three. Promise me I can go on birth control after this though. I don’t know if I can go through another pregnancy, at least not anytime soon.”
“Well, right now I just really need to pee,” Dean said with a little laugh. “Help me up, please? It’s getting more difficult everyday now.”
Dean studied the Alpha for a moment. He felt so much affection for the alpha now that he never imagined he would. He risked his life and freedom for him and unlike his own family, hadn’t betrayed him despite everything he would risk.
When they both broke for air, Dean pulled Castiel into another hug. At the same moment, Miracle made himself known, jumping up and pawing at them. “Oh, hey there buddy,” Dean said as he pulled back. “Castiel meet Miracle.”
“Easy, I threatened to expose every one of their dirty little secrets that Dad had on them,” Gabriel shrugged. “Instead, they opted to let omegas have all the same rights and privileges as alphas and betas already do.”
They both went back inside. John and Mary were still in the living room, but Sam had disappeared. Dean had an idea where he was. “I’m gonna go talk to Sam. Don’t go blaming Castiel for this dad. He didn’t know, okay?”
“You’ve been punished for your earlier infraction and you are forgiven,” the alpha said. “Now let’s move on to teaching you the rules, shall we?”
“I knew you could come untouched on my cock,” the sheriff grunted. “Now I’m going to fill you up good, and come so deep, it’ll still be dripping out of you next week.”
Castiel pulled a map out of the glove compartment and studied it. “Ok, I have a new plan, and we’re not heading to Winnipeg anymore. If the Canadian authorities really are expecting us, we can cross at any checkpoint. We’re going to detour farther east and cross the border at a place called Pinecreek. It looks like it’s the middle of nowhere, but they have an airstrip, which may prove advantageous.”
After a few agonizing moments deliberating, he made a choice. “I’ll get this one, on the inside of my left wrist,” he pointed to the design he chose. It was a small red heart, with black wings spread from it.
Swallowing thickly, he took in another deep lungful of air before making his way toward the front door. He knew the sheriff was inside, waiting for him. The parked patrol car outside of the house had confirmed as much when he was pulling up. His heart hammered in his chest as Dean made his way up the steps and across the porch toward the door.
Castiel then removed Dean’s cage and plug, before sliding the dildo into Dean’s ass. Dean groaned with pleasure. He hadn’t gotten aroused or masturbated since several days before his claiming, so this felt so much better than he remembered.
Thanks everyone for their patience. I am still hammering away at my novel and I will be doing NaNoWriMo (National Novel Writing Month) again this year so updates will continue to be slow and sporadic (sorry!), but I promise I will not abandon this story (especially not with a cliffhanger like that!).
Letting out his breath that he hadn’t realized he was still holding, Dean proceeded to remove his clothes, carefully placing them into the basket provided, while Castiel retrieved a pillow from the couch and set it on the floor in front of him. A flush of heat flared over his face when Dean slowly lowered his boxer briefs, revealing his rock-hard erection to Castiel. After Dean placed his underwear in the basket, Castiel merely nodded toward the pillow. “Kneel.”
“Yes, they are,” Castiel agreed. “I’m very proud of you. Thank you for bringing our pups into the world.”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Dean agreed as he helped get the pups ready for the park, which was conveniently located only a block down the street.
“We’re still not…complete mates though, are we?” Castiel reminded Dean. “You said you fought part of the bond?”
“Huh, well that’s progress. So, are you going to stop beating my ass just because I’m not following your protocols?”
“I am sorry Dean,” Castiel apologized again. “We needed to try and find a way to bring down my father as legally as possible, without starting a war or other international incident.”
That didn’t sound too bad. Dean did his best to relax as the man changed the lighting in the room to focus more on Dean and the bench. Being secured to the bench, Dean couldn’t see him most of the time, but he could track his footsteps.
“Ah, there it is,” Castiel said, pleased with himself as he began palpitating the sensitive spot. After a few moments of that, Dean realized he was now rock hard.
It was now too chilly to go outside for any length of time, so Dean sat with Castiel in front of the fireplace of the large living room on most afternoons. There was a fireplace in nearly every room of the house they were in and Dean loved just staring at the crackling flames. “So, I keep meaning to ask, how’d you end up in this swanky place?” Dean asked one afternoon.
As they entered the dining room, Dean could tell that the table was nearly full without having to look up. They were the last to arrive. “My apologies, father. I chose to take a nap with my mate and I overslept.”
It was a document with a couple of pages. On the front of the first page, the title read “Rules, Rights, and Expectations of Becoming a Kept Boy.” Scrawled under that in what had to be the sheriff’s handwriting was a note.
There was no doubt that this was meant to be a claiming fuck, fast and brutally hard. It was less about pleasure and more an alpha’s need to stake a claim and breed his omega. It also felt fucking amazing. Ever since the last time Castiel fucked him, Dean had been dreaming of the alpha doctor taking him again and again.
Dean felt a blush creep across his cheeks as he took his first good look at what hung between Castiel’s legs. Ok, so, that was the cock Dean was raped with but…damn it looked nice. Dean coughed in embarrassment and shook himself out of his reverie before approaching the shower door and rapping on it. “Mind if I join you?”
Dean sat down and pulled Castiel into an embrace. “Hey, it’s okay. I believe you. C’mere. It’s okay.”
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Dean asked Castiel as they stood arm-in-arm viewing what looked like an empty field in the southwest of Lawrence.
Then the cock breached and slid into him. A long, slow, continuous slide. The stretch and burn around the large member was worse than it had been for the plug and Dean was screaming anew. Then the alpha set a rapid pace, thrusting in and out of Dean hard and fast.
“Just stay safe, for both your own sake, and for the sake of all the omegas in our country,” the sheriff replied. “That’s all I can ask for.”
Dean looked around and spotted a replica of Baby, looking as pristine as she was the last time he drove her.
Dean laughed as he went to pick up all the things he dropped earlier. “Help me with this, and then I need a beer,” Dean said. “We have a lot to catch up on.”
“What the fuck are you talking about? Of course, I’m human! Just because my biology allows me to mate with an alpha and get pregnant doesn’t make me less human!”
As Jenny bared her fangs, Sam snuck up behind her and cut off her head, much to Dean’s relief. Then as Sam went to attack one of the vamps holding him, Dean turned to sucker punch the other as soon as his arm is freed.
“C’mon Dean,” his Dad had urged. “At least look at his profile. You might actually like him. Give him a chance, okay?”
“In another ten miles, you’ll need to make a very quick left and a right, to get onto Highway 11, then a left onto Highway 89 a few miles farther up. That will get us across the border.”
Pulling over and turning off the engine, Dean waited. The sheriff sauntered over with a smug look on his face. “License and registration, please.”
Jack stepped forward and smiled up at Dean. “I would like to make you an angel, Dean. You and Castiel can serve Heaven together.”
“You’re a strong and independent omega,” Castiel said with a happy laugh. “You would have been fine, but I’m glad as well.”
As the minutes dragged on, Dean was sure something else was going to go wrong. Maybe they accidentally mailed the passport instead of holding it for pickup. Maybe there was an irregularity and they contacted Castiel’s father. So many possibilities flooded Dean’s mind and he felt himself start to panic.
“I’m getting close and I want you to see my face when I fill that pretty little hole of yours,” Castiel said with a growl. “Keep your eyes on me, pretty boy.”
“Who else to tend to a flock of human souls than those who had once been human?” Castiel said. “One of the biggest flaws of Heaven in the past was how disconnected the angelic host was from their human charges.”
Okay, so he had the bed, the bathroom, and some books. That was far more humane than he’d expected from his father-in-law. Could the old man be going soft just because Dean was pregnant? Then Dean realized it probably wasn’t for him, but for his child. The grandchild that he carried was clearly precious to the crazy old bastard. Dean smiled as he realized that gave him a certain amount of leverage over the man he hadn’t had before.
“I don’t know,” Castiel frowned. “At first it was because that’s just how I’ve always seen my father and brothers handle their omegas. Also, I’ll have to admit I kind of enjoyed some of the things I did to you…
Dean thought about it for a long moment. “Alright, here’s the deal. I’ll learn the basics of this God damned protocol, enough to fool your dad. Then when we get the all clear, we go back and lay low for a bit. When it’s safe we start to prepare. Maybe take me to see my folks once before we head up to Canada. I’ll give you a second chance to treat me right, between now and once we get up there. If you step out of line
Ok, so now we know a little of what was going on with Castiel. Next, we'll go through the father-in-law's trial and punishment.
Shrugging, he pulled off his boots and jeans and slipped under the covers, deciding to get some shuteye.
“After you kept telling me you hadn’t heard from Cas I just wasn’t sure what to think anymore,” Dean admitted. “You could have been playing nice to lull me into a false sense of security.”
Castiel turned on the both water faucets in the bathroom and made like he was preparing to brush his teeth when he leaned in. “I know you won’t let me touch you, and I don’t want to molest you. I can smell your arousal and I want to help. I have toys we could use. Would you be okay with that?”
That’s when the vamp who was beating on Sam grabbed Dean from behind, knocking him off balance, and he went down, losing his machete in the process.
“Yes, Dean. I agree. Even before you and I mated, I had argued against my father about it. It didn’t seem fair to remove children from their birth parents or to punish more liberal minded alphas.”
Dean hung his head with embarrassment when Sam proceeded to tell Castiel how much Dean moped around each time Cas had died, especially after the second to last time, just before Jack was born. Later that night, instead of mocking him for being such a sap, Castiel pulled Dean close to him in bed and whispered. “I’m so sorry, Dean.”
Castiel was silent for a long moment, before nodding. “Okay, fair enough. If it isn’t for punishment, and I’m asking you to take pain through no fault of your own, then you may use a safeword to get me to stop. We can figure that out over the next couple of days. I’ve taken some time off work so I can help you settle in.”
Castiel maneuvered them so they could lay on their sides while his knot kept pumping seed into Dean at regular intervals. Dean hugged the alpha’s arms to his chest and cried for all the love he felt from this man, his mate. His alpha.
Dean put the literal pedal to the metal and pushed Castiel’s BMW as fast as it would go hoping to outrun the trio of state troopers, when he saw several more just up ahead, driving in formation in front of him. “Now what do we do? We’re surrounded!”
Then the night after his eighteenth birthday party, without being told and certainly without his consent, John had placed Dean on the omega registry. Dean wasn’t told until his parents had found him a “suitable mate.” Some alpha from the rich and powerful Novak family, no less.
He pushed a small, wheeled table into Castiel’s field of vision. It held what appeared to be instruments of torture and ingredients for a spell. “If you don’t behave, you know damn well how good I am at torture. Don’t make me use those on you, okay?”
Hearing that sexy, gravelly voice went straight to Dean’s dick. Rolling his eyes at the threat, Dean smirked. He was tempted to be cheeky and press two, and still show up at the sheriff’s office, just to find out what would happen, but he decided against it. Pressing one, he held the phone back up to his ear to see what was next.
Going into the rest stop bathroom, Dean freshened up and took the time to lube and plug his way too eager ass before heading back on the road, heading toward whatever fate that awaited him.
Dean roared his release into Castiel’s ear, before sinking his teeth into the angel’s shoulder. His entire body shuddered, and his cock spurted his hot, demon seed deep into the angel’s body. When Dean finally extracted himself from the angel, he flicked his eyes to black for a moment while giving him a lascivious grin. “Now that was one hell of a good fuck. Let me finish up this little spell, and we’ll do it again. Maybe next time you’ll get on your hands and knees and beg me to put my cock in your hole, huh?”
That night was the first time Dean ran away. He made it as far as the bus stop before they’d caught up with him and dragged him back home. The second time he’d been picked up by the sheriff in the next town. The most recent attempt had been just two days ago, and he nearly made it across the state line.
“I thought as much,” the judge said as she made some notes. “That’s not unheard of in a case like yours. Have you allowed your alpha to attempt to claim you again?”
“Nah, I guess not,” Dean said. “Once Bobby’s done, I’ll start pumping to get those bottles filled for the nanny tomorrow. I want to make sure they have enough since we have no idea how long we’ll be out.”
“Y-yes, Alpha,” Dean stammered, making his way to the bench, and letting Castiel help him onto the contraption. It held him in the classic breeding position, with his ass at the perfect level for the alpha, and his legs spread wide, while his head and shoulders were angled downward in supplication. Castiel even strapped Dean in.
Dean was about to say something else when Sam’s phone rang. Sam got up to take it, and Dean decided to dig into one of the slices of pie. Savoring the sweet fruit and flaky crust, he tried to ignore Castiel next to him. Finally, he gave in and looked pointedly at Cas. “Have some pie.”
Dean moaned at every thrust as the sheriff grabbed Dean’s cuffed arms for leverage, letting him pound even harder into Dean, slamming against his flaming backside and sparking a perfect mix of pain and pleasure.
“She isn’t,” the lawyer said. “She’s a beta and known being pro-omega rights. She knows alpha posturing when she sees it. Also, the prosecutor made a deal with Castiel that effectively lets him off the hook.”
“I noticed that you gave your mate a rather vigorous spank this morning. Was your omega being naughty again, Castiel?”
“Why are you sorry Dean? You did everything you could to try and outrun them. I underestimated how many resources they would have available.”
“Thank you,” Castiel said, with a wicked twinkle in his eye. “Now bend yourself over my knees. It’s time for your first discipline session. I’m going to warm up that pretty ass of yours.”
John suddenly sat upright. “What about Dean? Is he okay? Did something happen to him? To Sam? And where the hell is Mary?”
Dean looked around and blinked several times before he pinched himself. If this was a nightmare, he wasn’t awake yet. He was no longer at the omega training facility, but he wasn’t back at the hotel with Cas either. He was in Castiel’s bed…the one he had shared with his alpha at the Novak Estate.
Many of the questions were respectful and were ones they were both happy to answer; “How did it feel when you finally crossed the border?”, “What made you forgive Castiel?”, “What are you planning to do now?”
Dean briefly stiffened when he felt Castiel wrap his arms around him from behind and pull him close. He didn’t want to be this close to him. For a moment Dean despaired, thinking that Castiel was once again free to molest him now that he was back under his father’s watchful eye.
“So Castiel’s brother, Gabriel? He was your doctor and took care of you while you were locked up there?” John asked.
“Dark, creepy, something out of Wes Craven’s erotic fantasy? Yeah, it’s a hundred percent the place.”
“During the cross-examination, the defense questioned whether or not your alpha had raped you,” the judge began. “I want to hear your side of the story, not whether or not it was legal at the time.”
Dean sat there looking at John in shock. “Chuck sent you to tell me that it’s okay to be in love with Castiel?”
“Yeah,” Dean said, taking one of Castiel’s hands and guiding it to his hard and leaking cock. “I’m so ready.”
“Yeah, you’re right, it is them,” he sneered. “They’re the reason omega bitches are gonna start getting’ all those rights, takin’ jobs from us hard-workin’ alphas. Now that just ain’t right.”
“What do you mean? You’re an omega.” The alpha looked confused for a moment. “You’re not human. Everyone knows that.”
The steel cage Castiel saw Dean pick up felt ice cold against his vessel’s genitals. It enveloped his penis and encircled the base of his testicles. Dean smirked at him when he shot the demon a questioning look.
Sorry if the chapters are coming a little slower. My schedule doesn't always allow me to write every day and I've been busy submitting queries to literary agents regarding my first original novel, which I'm hoping to get published (wish me luck!).
The alpha bent down and secured the collar, a thin circlet of black metal. Dean heard it snap shut as it was secured. Dean knew these were meant to be permanent collars and that they contained tracking devices as well. He was now well and truly owned.
Cas sat up on the bed and reached out his arms. Rolling his eyes, Dean climbed onto the bed and settled into the man’s arms. He felt a mix of ridiculous and comforted at the same time.
Dean’s heart jumped into his throat and suddenly he felt filled with awkward embarrassment again. Pulling his hand away, his face felt heated as he looked down at his beer. “Um, well, maybe? I dunno, we don’t have to…”
John rubbed his face with his hands and sighed. “What I’m about to tell you cannot leave this room. Dean, can we trust your alpha? Are you sure he won’t snitch?”
The prosecutor had wanted to separate Dean and Castiel as well, but Dean absolutely refused. “Castiel’s the reason I got away from that bastard. Twice!” Once the prosecutor was certain Dean wasn’t a cowed and broken omega, and that Castiel wasn’t an abusive alpha, he backed off.
“No, there isn’t,” Castiel growled as he grabbed Dean, threw him over his shoulder, and carried him back to their bedroom. Dean yelled out in mock protest although he laughed the entire way.
“It was in your profile,” Castiel explained with a shrug and a smile. “If your parents thought it was an important enough detail to include, I figured it must be one of your favorites.”
A look of wonder crossed Castiel’s face. Now that they were home and safe he was able to properly appreciate the fact that Dean was pregnant with his pups. “Oh, Dean. I still can’t believe we’re having triplets. This is the perfect poetic justice against my father. Because of this, he will lose everything.”
Moments later they were escorted to the backstage area of the press conference that had been set up. Castiel and Dean had agreed to go on public record regarding their ordeal and the truth behind Castiel’s father. They both hoped that everything they shared today would be damning enough to halt the Dissolution of Omega Rights Bill, and perhaps pave the way for a more expansive Omega Rights Bill in the future.
When Castiel began to stroke Dean’s cock, he could feel the coil of arousal tighten and he knew he wouldn’t last much longer.
They sat in companionable silence for a moment while Dean processed, while Castiel ran gentle circles with his thumb over the back of Dean’s hand he was holding. Finally, Dean took a deep breath and looked back up at Cas. “Look, here’s the thing. I want all of that. I’m so glad to have you back and I want to do
“I actually have some errands to run before we make it to the shop, so why don’t you go on ahead without us?” Castiel replied casually.
“I won’t let them rattle me,” Dean promised. The twins had finished feeding so Dean stood. “Time to put these two down for their nap. I’ll be right back.” Dean carried the twins into the makeshift nursery they set up in the apartment, and laid them next to each other in the crib.
Sure, he’d let a few girls peg him before, but Dean had never really been fucked. Not like this. The heat of Castiel’s cock, slamming into him, making a space for him inside of Dean with every thrust was searing into his very soul.
“What my father and his cronies have been lobbying for,” Castiel began to explain, “is not just a dissolution of the Omega Rights laws currently in place. He also wants new, stricter laws created in order to completely subjugate and enslave the American omega population. Anyone who doesn’t comply with his vision of how omegas
Sheriff Novak held Dean’s upper arm in an iron grip as he marched him around to the back of his car, forcefully bending him over the trunk. “You’re a stubborn one, aren’t you, pretty boy?” he asked as he reached around and pulled Dean’s belt free from his jeans before opening his fly and forcing Dean’s jeans and boxers down to his ankles.
Dean looked away from Jack at the mention of Castiel, the pain of losing him still fresh in his heart. Looking down, he nodded and licked his lips. Looking up at Sam, he was about to say something when Jack continued.
Dean took a deep breath and began his part. “Several months ago, I turned eighteen. In the United States that means my parents were encouraged to register me on the Omega Registry, so that I could be matched with an alpha mate,” Dean began. “This was against my wishes and my consent. My parents had for years told me that they would keep me off the registry. The current Omega Rights laws that are in place allow parents of omega children to seek a mate in private, but my parents were coerced and threatened into having me registered.”
They watched with pins and needles as the results came in state-by-state. For ratification, they needed seventy-five percent of all the states to vote in favor of the amendment. That meant that thirty-eight states had to approve it. The east coast states like New York, New Hampshire, and Maine were all shoe-ins and they carried an easy majority in favor... The west coast and parts of the mid-west were also practically guaranteed. It was the deep south and Bible Belt states that had them worried. There were more than twelve of them and if too many of the typically conservative states voted against, the amendment wouldn’t be ratified.
“Any other questions? I am eager to have you hanging off my knot again,” Castiel said with a deep rumble, his hand rubbing over his obvious erection.
Castiel purposely did not rush through breakfast. He took his time feeding Dean from his plate and Dean loved that he always gave him the best bits of everything. It was sort of endearing. Dean could hardly believe this was the same alpha who raped and tortured him for two weeks. He still couldn’t forget that it happened, but he was starting to see Castiel much differently these days.
So as this chapter's title suggests, this is the turning point in the story. No more mean Cas, although Dean's not forgiving him anytime soon. Coming up...why Dean's parents did what they did.
Dean could hardly believe his ears. He gently pushed Castiel back to look into his face and the alpha nodded with a brilliant smile on his face. Dean felt a burst of hope bloom in his chest and before he was even thinking about it, he began to kiss Castiel.
The scenery as he drove was stunning and Dean felt more relaxed than he had in ages. Then for some reason, he felt a tugging on his heart.
Dean had to admit that the alpha did look good in the tight black t-shirt, leather jacket and dark blue jeans he’d put on. He was also jealous that he couldn’t wear something similar. He wouldn’t be able to put clothes on until they crossed over into Canada.
At the last moment, as the vamp he’s wrestling with was trying to push him again, he leveraged him with one leg and spun the vamp around, shoving him against the post that had been behind him. Dean heard the sickening sound of something being driven into the vamp’s body and realized that could have been him.
Gabriel opened the back door and wheeled Dean towards it. Dean was about to bolt out of the chair to make a run for it when he saw Castiel grinning at him from the back seat. “Cas?!” Dean lept out of the chair and into the car faster than his pregnant body should have been able to. “Cas!!”
“Because I’m carrying your precious triplets,” Dean replied. “Which means you have to actually treat me like a damned human being, so you don’t endanger their lives, isn’t that right?”
“Well, there are a couple of things yet,” Castiel said. “The first is the use of cock cages. A fully trained omega, even one that’s mated, must wear a cock cage if his alpha doesn’t want him to be used by the other alphas in the household.”
Castiel stepped aside and Dean saw his family come into the room. “Mom! Dad! Sam!” Dean said happily. “Man, it’s good to see you guys!”
As they entered the cabin it was clear it hadn’t been used in a while. There were dust cloths covering all the furniture and a fine layer of dust over all the visible surfaces.
“Fuck, you’re still as tight as a virgin, pretty boy,” the sheriff grunted as he hilted himself inside Dean.
“So, which roads were you plannin’ to take?” Dean asked as he pulled back onto the road they had been on.
“I’m sure he can handle a feisty omega, he is a Novak alpha after all,” someone else said. “Once the omega has been claimed, he’s sure to calm down.”
As the boys grew, Dean found himself with more time on his hands, so he began teaching himself automobile maintenance in his spare time, while Castiel was at work. It sure beat his old life of having to just kneel on a pillow all day, trying to look pretty. They had moved all the vintage cars from the old Novak estate into a new garage they had custom built. Dean fell in love with one in particular, a 1967 Chevy Impala. Castiel offered to teach Dean how to drive a stick shift and one of Dean’s proudest moments was earning his driver’s license.
Castiel broke the kiss and noted the time. “We need to get back or we’ll be late for dinner. You don’t want to find out what happens if we’re late.”
“I’m sorry, dear,” Mildred apologized. “Master hasn’t given me a key to the gag, so it’ll have to stay put. Don’t you worry, if you behave, I’m sure he won’t have you wear it all the time. Now, in you go. Get yourself nice and clean.”
Dean wanted the new home to be bright, modern and airy. The previous Novak estate had been dark and oppressive, with far too much wood paneling for any home, much less an entire mansion.
“You’ll be given maintenance spankings. Typically, I’ll take you over my knee or bend you over a surface and warm that pretty ass of yours,” Castiel explained. “I will use an implement, anything from a hairbrush to my belt.”
Castiel smiled. “I fine. I got some sleep while you were driving, remember? Plus, I just got to sleep the whole night next to you without worrying about what my father might do to you.”
“Now stand still and let me wash you. You’re my mate and it’s my duty to take care of you. Then you must wash me, alright?”
Hearing the belt get tossed aside, Dean breathed a sigh of relief. He took a long, shuddering breath, trying to stop himself from sobbing like a baby.
Castiel pulled out his phone. Dean knew that he’d kept it off during their bid for freedom to help prevent being tracked. He turned it on now and started checking through some things on it. A few moments later Castiel broke into a smile. “Good news! The vote has been delayed by a month. There was so much chaos after our escape, they felt they couldn’t go forward without further deliberation!”
“You!” Dean growled. “You nearly gave me a freaking heart-attack back there! I thought you were kidnapping me to take me somewhere even worse!”
A moment later the court bailiff came towards them. “Castiel Novak? The judge would like to see you in her chambers.”
Dean leaned forward. “Alright, let me give this to you straight, Your Honor. Yes, the first few weeks with Cas were rough. I did not consent to the claiming, nor would I allow him to train me to be the
Dean paced nervously in front of the bed. Everything had to go perfect today. Castiel had decided not to pack any belongings as that would raise too much suspicion. All he had done was set up a scheduled transfer of money from his family bank account to a new private one, and they could use those funds to re-establish themselves once they made it to Canada.
“Yes, sir,” the nanny replied. “Don’t you worry. You have security posted throughout the building. I promise I won’t open the door for anyone other than Gabriel. I’ll keep them fed, clean and happy.”
Before Dean knew it, he and Castiel were being helped out of the car and uncuffed. “Welcome to Canada,” one of the border patrol agents said, shaking their hands.
The alpha slumped in disappointment. “Fine, then stand there. But you will not eat until you kneel.”
Dean turned and snuggled into Castiel’s embrace, as he buried his face into the alpha’s neck and let his scent calm his anxiety. As the limo drove along the old dirt road Dean held onto his swollen belly as best as he could through the bumps.
“Oh yes, Dean. Very much so,” Castiel purred into Dean’s ear. “You’re the omega I’ve been waiting for, and I don’t plan to let any other alpha have you.”
As soon as Dean was settled, Castiel began to spank, just as fast and efficiently as he’d done at the cabin earlier that day. He didn’t hold back, spanking Dean with full force. Dean did his best to just lie there and take it, as the stinging built up to a burning heat on his ass.
Gabriel quickly folded the wheelchair and shoved it into the car before joining them. He seated himself in the seats opposite of Dean and Castiel as he grinned them both. “Surprise!”
They both sat down to eat, Dean happily digging out his burger and fries from the paper bag they were in. He was in heaven with the first bite. “I don’t remember burgers ever tasting this good.”
As they approached Highway 89 from the side road they were on, that’s when they encountered a blockade and with the troopers behind them, there was literally nowhere left to run. Dean finally slammed on the brakes just before he almost rammed into one of the cars blocking their path, stopping just in time.
He really didn’t want to deal with all these stupid omega protocols either, but if he didn’t his father-in-law would most likely ship him to one of those damned training centers. Dean had heard about those before and he knew that if he thought what Castiel had done was bad, those centers were ten times worse.
They continued on their way to the garage and Castiel secured Dean into the back of his car as before. It wasn’t until they were away from the estate before Dean felt like he could finally speak freely again.
The inspection was humiliating, as the man went around and spoke to the cameras and described the tone of Dean’s muscles, the texture of his skin, and even plunged gloved fingers into his hole and described how tight and slick he was.
Later that night Dean woke up, tossing and turning. He was drenched in sweat and felt like he was in a sauna. Getting up, he tore his pajamas off in an effort to cool down.
When Dean finally woke up again, he felt like he was floating. He was snuggled into the most comfortable bed he’d ever been in before, covered in what felt like a cloud and surrounded by pillows. Even as consciousness creeped in, Dean was reluctant to follow, trying to bury himself further into the soft cloud of comfort he found himself in.
