John chuckled. “Calm down, I’ve sorted it all out. And even if I didn’t, I quit anyway, so what’s the harm.”
“You told him that you love him?” she and Greg exclaimed in perfect unison, both completely flabbergasted.
It is a sad world in which one can no longer rely on the ever-lasting, dreary London fog clinging to every house and pressing its nose against the windows, Sherlock thinks as he strolls towards Regent’s Park. Why can’t it always be January?
He’s not made for heat and sun and days that stretch into infinity.
“I didn’t have my phone on me when you send that text.”
Yes, Sherlock has taken the leap of faith, without expecting anything in return, and has written him a proper, old-fashioned love letter.
“I’m inexperienced but I haven’t lived under a rock for the past thirty-six years. I’ve seen movies,” Sherlock grumbled as he tied his scarf. Before he could grab his coat, steady hands were already holding it up to help him slip it on, lingering on his shoulders for sweet seconds. Somewhere in Sherlock’s head, Mycroft raised his eyebrows with a belittling click of his tongue at John’s repeated courtesy but Sherlock couldn’t care less. Whatever false sense of pride might’ve been hurt by these gestures—it had been washed away by wine and shared secrets.
It had begun to snow again and the grimy pavement was covered in a thin white layer, already melting into an abstract pattern of puddles.
“I think,” Sherlock said in that impossibly rich baritone and began to trail his fingers down John’s side in tantalizingly light brushes that made John swallow hard, “that I want you to take me to our bedroom. I think I want you to take my clothes off and yours as well. I think I want to kiss every last inch of your body. And I think I want you to make love to me, John Watson.”
Even the bodily resources needed to digest a pound of lasagne and two dozen pralines don’t seem to suffice to take the edge off his thoughts.
“The tea always tastes better when you make it,” Sherlock now said after taking a sip, his voice timider than he had desired.
John turns his head to look at him. “Do you want me to?”
John gave him a reassuring smile, his heart once more reveling in the softness that had taken hold of Sherlock, this special, tender, almost fragile expression. “Of course. I want to spend as much time as possible with you before I have to go back to work.”
“Yeah, why?” Sherlock asked absent-mindedly and rose from the carpet where Rosie was stacking colourful toy blocks with a delightfully concentrated face.
Sherlock’s face lit up in realization and, to his surprise, John could see his brows gather like storm clouds over his embarrassed eyes.
“The last few days I’ve had far graver things to worry about,” Sherlock chuntered defiantly. This whole social construct of celebrating one’s day of birth had always been one of the trifles Mycroft frowned upon—which, consequently, prompted his little brother to do the same. For a young genius, it was easier to rely upon such a doctrine than to admit that he didn’t have any friends who’d be willing to celebrate the anniversary of his birth anyway. Having people in his life who cared enough to insist on spending this day with him was actually kind of nice—if Sherlock hadn’t had a new boyfriend whose divine body was annoyingly inaccessible to him while other people were present.
John’s jaw drops slightly. “You noticed that?”
John rolled them to their sides and playfully slapped one of those exceptionally well-shaped arse cheeks. “For HIV, Sherlock. Whose brain isn’t adequately supplied now?”
Katie met his gaze slightly smiling in embarrassment for a second, then turning serious again.
As you can guess the next chapter will be short but hella smutty :D
“You mustn’t think it’s only because he’s getting married,” Sherlock pleads, his hands clutching to Greg’s lapels now, pulling him into an awkward bent-over position. “It’s not just because I’m losing him now. You have to know, I wanted to tell him, meant to. I really did. I just—I’m… not good with—” he ducks his head, his voice a tear-choked whisper— “you know. I never seemed to find the right moment. But I really meant to tell him.”
“I can be very persuasive, you know,” Sherlock teased in the deep, dangerous tone that made John’s hair stand on end, bringing their faces as close together as he could without them actually touching.
“Are you sure? I don’t want to rush you,” he said, concern easily winning over his own arousal. Sherlock’s well-being was all that counted; Even the beast agitatedly prowling in his lower regions agreed to that.
He turns away.
“I… err… I was getting coffee at this small 24-hour café and she was buying a sandwich and I just found it strange to see a small child wander about at that time at night without an adult, so I stopped her and asked where her parents were and when she didn’t tell me I brought her here. I… only thought—”
John woke all of a sudden with his heart pounding heavily and an unsettling sense of danger tingling in his chest. His foggy brain scanned the room for possible attackers. He wasn’t sure what had disrupted his unconsciousness and slowly rubbed his face in confusion. Then, he heard it again: An agitated cry, faintly evocative of his own name, coming from Sherlock’s room.
In the same manner, Sherlock endures having pictures taken and welcoming the guests, not smiling once.
For good measure, he turns the water to the coldest setting and splashes some on his naked arms and face. It’s soothingly cold on his heated skin.
“What did you just say?” Sherlock interrupted her, stepping closer and fixating her with an adamantine stare. John startled and halted in his movements, only his eyes flicking back and forth between Sherlock and the victim of his anger.
“Quit stalling, Watson,” Sherlock huffed impatiently and John finally and ever so slowly pushed inside.
But they don’t come.
Remorsefully, John retrieves the shoe and puts it on.
“Is this really necessary?” John tried to intervene but Lestrade didn’t fall for his appeasing tone.
“Sorry again that it’s gotten so late. Work was hell today,” said John and made two cups of tea with such experienced movements that he didn’t have to pay any attention to it.
They sat down, John around the corner from him as usual, but Sherlock was sure that there normally was more space between them. Their knees and calves were brushing against one another under the table and the thin fabric of Sherlock’s trousers was only a futile barrier against that staggering sensation.
This chapter's song is:
“I’ve gathered as much,” Sherlock quips although his tone betrays his happiness.
Greg privately scolds himself. Maybe he should stay out of it altogether. He clearly isn’t the right person to come to with emotional baggage. And meddling always makes things worse.
His eyes bore into Sherlock’s back, hoping that by some God-given power his gaze will set the bastard on fire.
Even now, both finally fully dressed, the endorphins were almost too much to bear. Anticipation sizzled in his veins as if his blood had been carbonated. He could not help but bounce a little on his toes.
“Sherlock,” John interrupted the other man’s confounded stuttering, trying to sound as placatory as he could. “I’m an arse, forget what I’ve said, okay?”
John groans against the tiles in self-reproach.
John rolled off of Sherlock, panting heavily. His own thoughts scaring him with their violence, he locked his eyes on Sherlock’s, anxiously looking for a sign of distress. He mustn’t hurt him, never ever hurt him again. He was, however, only met by confusion and slight indignation overshadowing silvery-blue eyes.
Going by the wagonload of gifts that are, for the time being, occupying their sofa, the coffee table, and half the sitting room floor, there are quite a few new things added to their household.
“It’s decided then,” Molly confirmed and sat down next to her boyfriend who looked almost ecstatic.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said sarcastically.
“It would be our child, Sherlock. How could I not love someone who’s part you?”
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand and Sherlock squeezed back in affirmation. “Alright.”
Greg nodded, eyebrows raised in admission, while John began jotting things down in his little notebook. “You said there was an argument?”
John’s hands clenched around the steering wheel, the knuckles turning white from the pressure. He needed to do something, he needed to end this vicious cycle of hurting and guilty silence.
“Yeah, well, Rosie and I are kind of a package deal,” John replied with a nonchalant gesture. “And you can’t afford a flat in central London on a doctor’s salary alone.”
“Not often.”
“And then what? How did you think this would play out?”
And things have been fine, great really. Sherlock adores Rosie and the little girl, in return, is obsessed with her “
“So, this guy, Jason’s boyfriend, stole his mother’s engagement ring and Jason caught him? And he was desperate enough to come back to the crime scene?” Greg asked, voice cold and unbending like steel. On the desk he was leaning against, his phone began to ring, the beeping cutting through the silence like a foghorn. Greg ignored it.
“There
“I seriously doubt that,” Sherlock retorted, capturing his fingers and placing a kiss to his palm.
“Are you trying to talk me out of this?” Sherlock looked at him with a distinctly hurt expression that made John’s stomach clench. He brought his other hand up to caress Sherlock’s cheek, softening his voice into a soothing purr.
There they are. Three messages, all from the same familiar number.
Those bloody ridiculous tears were brimming in Sherlock’s eyes again but at least his voice had come back to him in time to object. “But—but then… you’ll know it’s me.”
“Just trying something,” he mumbled into his tea, avoiding John’s eyes. Sherlock was not sure how to evaluate this new approach but acquiring additional data would have to wait until tomorrow. He couldn’t possibly endure any more of this awkwardness right now.
“The cutest,” John affirmed and felt his smile deepen. His hunting instinct took over.
“I’ve warned you.”
John takes one last breath as the flood approaches.
“There! Stop! Police!”
Sherlock didn’t answer and stayed perfectly still as John let his fingers roam over his abused skin.
AWOLNATION, Sail.
“You go get ready, I’ll take care of her,” John said with a deflated smile and Sherlock scattered off to the bathroom.
With every passing minute he wonders when he has become such a whiny, pathetic cliché. If he starts watching cheesy movies and eating ice cream straight out of the tub, he should really consult a therapist. Or a caricaturist.
Sergeant Donovan kneeled back down and offered Laney a tissue. “Don’t worry, Laney, it’s alright. You can stay here for tonight. We’re not making you go back, don’t you worry. It’s alright.”
Because, honestly, Mary had made his life better… but only in the sense that she changed it from being an endless succession of the same, grey twenty-four hours to something bearable, something liveable.
And now everything he’s feared will eventually come true. John doesn’t have any illusions about it. Having a child, a tiny person completely dependent on you, will make dashing off to crime scenes or staying up all night cracking codes virtually impossible.
On Friday night, when Mary announces that she's going out for a movie with Janine, John takes it as a sign sent by the universe to stop being such a coward and face the facts.
If there was an official world record for getting undressed the fastest, they probably beat it. They almost tripped over each other’s feet while rushing down the hall, trying to rid themselves of their clothes as if their life depended on it. Scattering shirts, trousers, socks, and pants all over the floor between kisses, they finally landed on their bed, both naked and panting with anticipation.
“You could’ve taken me with you.” John’s voice is hurt and reproachful and so insufferable persistent that Sherlock feels the urge to grab him, to shake some sense into him.
Sherlock stayed silent for a few seconds, his brow slightly furrowed in thought. “Honesty,” he finally stated. “I don’t know what else I want because I’ve never come this far with anyone really. But I know that I don’t want to pretend anymore. We’ve lied to ourselves, to each other, to everyone basically and look where it got us. I don’t want any more secrets between us.”
He felt transported back to the first night they had spent together, the first chase for the first case. The way their steps had echoed in the streets Sherlock knew better than the palm of his hands—John beside him had coloured them so differently, like a new lens being slipped over Sherlock’s vision, filtering the ugly parts out and only leaving brighter, more exciting shapes.
His brain is bursting at the seams. The friction of his racing thoughts is melting his skull from the inside and, sooner or later, it will crack open and release all his secrets into the world.
The pancakes that hadn’t burned weren’t nearly enough to feed two adults but neither of them seemed to have any particular appetite anyway. While Rosie happily mashed a banana on her plate, John could barely keep his eyes—and hands—off of Sherlock. Some part of their bodies always maintained contact—feet tangling under the table, fingers resting on thighs, backs, and shoulders, lips finding a temple or a forehead. Some of these gestures barely differed from the platonic acts of affection they had more frequently shared over the last two months and yet John would never have imagined touching Sherlock to feel like this—exciting, addictive even, and just… right. As if all these brushes and nudges had been there, had been meant to be, and now finally,
“Mary.” The name cut through the warmth of the room as if someone had smashed in a window, letting the cold autumn air invade.
“Sure. I can pick her up from daycare, too, if you want to,” he says, pleased to find that his voice doesn’t betray the jumble in his head.
“At least put on some shoes. You’re gonna cut yourself, running around with bare feet,” she said in her usual motherly manner, “and John’s not here to doctor you up.”
“I usually prefer my violin but it’s not as suited for comping,” Sherlock says, his words still audibly slurred, although he is making an effort to sound sober. “On the rare occasion that I compose music with lyrics, I… switch instruments. The guitar was more accessible than a piano. I could’ve broken into Mycroft’s place while he’s at work and used his concert grand but I prefer a less… nauseating environment when I’m composing.”
As John woke again, the bedroom was ablaze with sunlight. He squinted until his eyes had attuned to the brightness, then raised his wrist to look at his watch. A mumbled curse escaped his lips as he realized that he had already slept through two alarms. That usually only happened when he was drunk. He must’ve been really knocked out last night. Slowly, the curious and partly discomforting events of last night filled his conscience. He turned his head and found Sherlock still sleeping beside him, a halo of dark curls spread across his pillow, chest heaving in calm steadiness. Even in this relaxed state, he looked decidedly worn down. Circles of dark purple shone through the pale skin under his eyes and his cheeks were even hollower than usual. Guilt stung in John’s chest at the realization that he hadn’t perceived the obvious traces of exhaustion on his friend. In light of last night’s revelation, it seemed negligent that he had just blamed any signs of fatigue or discomfort on The Work.
“So, it’s most likely a stomach bug. Good call to get Rosie out of here.” Sherlock once again admired John’s ability to prioritize everyone else’s safety and well-being, even while vomiting his heart out.
Sherlock freezes, his hands tightening their grip around his pyjama-clad calves. Stock-still, he sits on the kitchen chair. The air in his lungs doesn’t dare move either.
At least tell me where you are and that you’re okay. Please.
Sherlock looked up at the man above him. For a second, just for the blink of an eye, he was sure to see John. He clenched his eyes closed. When he opened them again, the face above him had changed into a blond stranger. The ungentle collision of his head on the concrete let little white lights dance in front of his eyes but it also seemed to clear his mind.
“Well, if you figured out that he was dragged here by the second person present, then you should know for whom to look, shouldn’t you? It’s obvious.”
Next to him, John began to toss and turn, uneasy moans escaping his throat. Sherlock suspended his own breathing to listen closely, not sure how to categorize these sounds. Was John having a nightmare? Or… a different kind of dream? Carefully, Sherlock turned to his other side and tried to make out John’s face. His features were barely visible in the gloom but Sherlock believed they looked rather pained than pleased. He was just about to move closer for a better look when John’s eyes sprang open. They struggled to pierce the darkness and, then, found Sherlock’s.
“Yeah, me too,” John says, his tone betraying he is barely listening. Greg follows his eyes over to Mary who is having a spirited conversation with her bridesmaids at the other end of the bar. John watches them for a moment. Greg can’t be sure if it’s the flickering lights but, somehow, John really doesn’t look particularly happy. The colourful spots seem to fade when they cross his face. But probably that’s just Greg’s imagination. Maybe he should stop after this beer.
He could feel Sherlock convulse beneath him, his body arching to meet John’s. The noises he made resembled nothing John had ever heard before—deep and desperate but oddly musical. Every note that escaped those plush lips resounded somewhere in John’s core, sending shiver upon shiver down his spine and straight to his cock.
Greg gave him a puzzled look but didn’t protest as he trotted back into the Beaumont’s garden. Sherlock faintly heard him give orders to Donovan and the rest of his team to canvas the neighbourhood and then a car driving off just as he reached the shed. No one paid him any attention, Sherlock noticed contentedly, and kneeled down on the muddy ground next to the garden hedge.
A couple of people cheered as sips were taken again: Esther, Marcus, and…
“Sure, why?” He handed over his phone, unlocked, well-knowing what would follow.
He throws it onto the bed. From there, the disc seems to laugh at him, to mock him with a tiny, malicious glistening.
Soon, however, another obstacle presents itself. Every additional sip seems to fire Sherlock’s imagination and Greg needs all his focus to gently steer him away from the completely ludicrous ideas he begins to form without stepping on dangerous territory again.
“It’s because you are special. To me.”
Sherlock froze and looked at him like John had just struck him with lightning, eyes wide in shock, but John kept going, unable to stop the words that had waited so long to be uttered: “I know that I’ve hurt you, I never meant to, you have to believe me. I don’t know why it took so bloody long for me to get it. I’m sorry, Sherlock, I’m so sorry that I put you through this and that I pushed you away like that last night. I was just so shocked and didn’t realize what I was doing and—Christ, Sherlock, I am so sorry. I don’t know what else to say. I know that it doesn’t excuse what a complete arse I was and I know that I can’t make up for it. And I understand if this is all too little too late and you are done with me but I needed you to know that I love you even if you never want to see me again. I would totally understand that. You must hate me and you surely have every right to.”
Sherlock looked up at him, his voice a little hoarser already: “Of course not.” His eyes widened as John slowly pushed one finger inside of him, more words leaving his lips in a single stuttering breath of air: “You’re the only one for me, John, always were, always will. I love you, only you, always you.”
John laughed and attacked his mouth with kisses. “At least I’m not too hurt to snog that grin off your face.”
The sound shakes at Sherlock’s core, John’s familiar voice, throaty with awkwardness. It’s almost painful to look at him. So, Sherlock digs out his keys instead. “What are you doing here?”
The beat changed again, settling into something less frantic, and a woman’s voice began to sing:
“She always finds a reason,” he said, sat down on the bedside, and looked his friend over carefully. “You alright now?”
He settled back onto his pillow with a sigh. His side throbbed numbly. He’d better be a little more careful for the next few days at least.
There’s someone sitting on the steps.
“Perfect!” John exclaims and can vividly picture the confusion on Mrs Hudson’s face in light of his excitement about dissolving toenails. “Do you think you could phone me real quick when he’s left the house?”
—Sherlock gradually overruled his body’s screaming alarms. He had dismantled an entire criminal network in only two years, for fuck’s sake, why did this night feel so much more demanding?
“Someone removed his jacket or jumper.” Sherlock nodded towards the crime scene photos and John took the folder. “His jeans are muddy, as is his hair. But his shirt hardly had any dirt on it. He must’ve worn something over it that got removed after.”
MISSED CALL (2)
A few seconds of silent stares passed and a distressing thought crossed Sherlock’s mind, making his lungs temporarily quit their duty: John probably expected him to talk. About things, about
When they get home, he is imperturbably sure that he’ll never be happy in his marriage now that he knows about the DVD.
His lungs scream for oxygen but it’s not a good enough reason to stop. He can suffocate for all he cares if it only means melting into John like this. Stars appear on the bright, colourful canvas of his mind, and as he’s sure he’ll faint any second now, they part, both hungrily sucking in air, then diving back into softer, shorter kisses. John’s thumb rubs over Sherlock’s cheekbone, anchoring him, as his legs capitulate and they both sink to the floor in a tangle of limbs.
Sherlock blinked at him rapidly, halting in his movements. The masses pulsated around him, Sherlock being the only steady rock in a storm-lashed ocean. Elbows and shoulders poked into him, threatening the fragile balance his body still offered. What was John doing? Why was he singing at him? Did he even register what words he hurled at Sherlock right here on the dancefloor? Or was he simply so utterly drunk that he just chanted anything he recognized?
The sound of the door shutting set John back in motion. As if in trance, he climbed the stairs and took his crying daughter in his arms. She was the only thing that counted now, his little girl, his Rosie. He bounced her in a mechanical movement, his mind around that toddler-shaped fixed star filled with overwhelming, all-consuming blankness. Something inside him had shut off, maybe permanently. Rosie seemed to sense his agitation and refused to be calmed down as if her life depended on it.
“What about
And he feels he’s slowly going mad.
“Does that surprise you?” he asks instead. “Criminals don’t suddenly stop being criminals just because you got married.”
“Well, John texted me that the—
He’s broken his own rules now, rules in place to protect his stupid little heart, and for what?
“Just wait a second,” Sherlock replies, the bile in his voice starkly undermined by the way his reddened eyes are shifting back and forth between Greg and the telly.
“Where’s John?” Sherlock broke the silence as Mycroft reluctantly and with demonstratively slow steps made his way to the door. If John had been woken by their early visitor, he would probably be here, mocking Mycroft with some snarky remark about not even bringing them breakfast. Sherlock loved witnessing those interactions. And if he was still asleep… The image of Mycroft towering over an unsuspecting John slumbering in their bed kindled his anger even further. If Mycroft didn’t move any quicker, Sherlock might as well give in to the urge to personally—and brutally—escort him out of 221B.
why, Sherlock,” scoffed Mycroft’s voice in his head and Sherlock growled in frustration.
He’s never received a love letter before.
But something feels off.
“I didn’t think you’d punch me in the face, that’s for sure!”
“That’s exactly why I didn’t tell him. I can’t predict Mr. Beaumont’s reaction to any of these hypotheses but he’d likely try to influence the investigation to spare himself and his wife any further humiliation or pain. I didn’t want to cause Greg any problems by confronting the Beaumonts right away.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, I guess, given the circumstances, that’s good news.” Greg sighed, his lips pursed into a tense smile. “Okay, morgue next?”
“You heard me,” John replied, already halfway down the hall. He grabbed his pillow and blanket from the sofa. Back in Sherlock’s room, he threw them on one side of the bed and turned the lights off, before climbing in, too.
There’s Sherlock, sitting on the sofa in 221B, the yellow smiley on the wall watching over him.
John cursed himself—and especially the horny beast inside of him that had overruled his conscience at the sight of Sherlock’s gorgeous body—as he hastily pulled the dresser open and slipped into a pair of pants and a random t-shirt. He needed to find Sherlock and beg him for forgiveness. He had to apologize and pray that he hadn’t ruined their relationship before it had even started. How could he live on with this glimpse of what could have grown between them without ever getting it back?
Sherlock looked at him, caught off guard. After a beat, he sighed melodramatically and pulled something shiny from his pocket. John eyed the diamond ring with sceptical surprise, his face one big question mark.
“But you don’t feel things like that.” John’s voice was barely audible. Sherlock had never seen him look this small.
“No,” Sherlock said before quickly correcting himself, “I mean, yes, absolutely. I don’t think I’ll ever get used to it.” He brought one of his hands up to pointedly wipe his eyes. “But I actually meant to thank you for your trust.”
What John had done yesterday, how he had pleasured him with a wicked tongue and skilled lips—it had been loving but an act of utter dominance. John hadn’t let his reign slip for a second, had systematically dismantled Sherlock with suction and massaging fingers until Sherlock whimpered and quivered beneath him, begging for a coup de grâce.
And John must have sensed how little Greg understood him because, one day, he simply stopped calling.
And Sherlock did. Tackling his mouth with kisses, he steered John to the bed and climbed in after him. A mess of tangled limbs enwrapped in sheets and wild heartbeats, they both resumed their exploration of the newly discovered paradise beneath their fingers—John with nothing but awe and the taste of Sherlock on his tongue. He didn’t dare to say a word. There were better ways to talk, ways that Sherlock understood and believed, their own secret language, a code of touches and kisses and gazes.
Sherlock looks at the letter for a second. He’s written it weeks ago, has been poring over it ever since—and still can’t shake off the doubt.
Sherlock let out a sigh. “Bottom line is: I’ll try to do better. Greg and even Donovan are not as incapable as I always make them out to be. Maybe I’ll let the trained professionals run down the suspects every once in a while, try to take some more of the dull cases, solve their riddles without risking my life for a change. If that’s alright with you.”
For those of you who recognize the song from the OST of Love, Actually: There is a chapter coming up featuring that Christmas favourite of mine :)
At half past five, John couldn’t stand it any longer. He rose from the armchair, gathered everything he needed, and put it in the backpack he had repurposed as a diaper bag for Rosie. She began to whine again as he dressed her but, mere five minutes out on the cold dark street, sleep took her back into a warm embrace. John steered the pushchair down Baker Street to the underground station. His eldritch steps echoed on the almost empty platform of the Metropolitan Line. In less than two hours, hundreds of people commuting to work would crowd the space, pressing into each other, shoving and pushing to get into the carriages. This morning, only three other passengers got onto the tube with them. John made use of the few minutes he had and sent one last text to Sherlock’s phone.
“Alright, alright,” Greg appeases him, rather taken aback by Sherlock’s reaction. “Let’s just do the rest of the speech then and come back to this point later, shall we?”
“Don’t you dare, John Watson.” He bent down to kiss John, playfully biting his lower lip, before his deep breathy voice added: “That was the most exhilarating sensation I’ve ever experienced.”
A tall figure approached with hurried steps and came to a halt right next to him, splashing half-melted snow everywhere and waving a turquoise plush elephant. “I got it, John,” Sherlock exclaimed triumphantly, not even acknowledging the presence of a third party.
“Yes, I’m here.”
“That’s not—,” John began but his voice got lost somewhere in his throat before he could finish his sentence. He shut his eyes for a second, drawing in a deep breath and hopefully some strength and patience. Why did things always have to be like this between them?
John could feel Sherlock’s smile against his skin. “I’d never try to. I couldn’t bear the thought of losing this again.” He squeezed John a little tighter. “It’s just time I started taking some responsibility for our little family.”
The dates on the tombstones, as well as the name of John's hometown, are derived from his CV we get to see in TBB. It states that John left Grammar School in 1999, so I chose 1981 as his birth year (don't even know if that conclusion makes any sense). That would make John a whole lotta younger than Martin Freeman, so yeah... In my fic, Rosie's age doesn't align with the series' timeline either. So screw all that math and call it artistic freedom :)
. They only hurt John to hurt Sherlock. He was his breaking point, his weak spot, and Sherlock was unable to protect him. He could only tear at his chains and scream John’s name as his friend endured his torment in stoic braveness, sometimes for hours, until a merciful force finally let Sherlock wake up, shaking and covered in cold sweat.
Greg sighs. “Alright then. Get your jacket.”
If Mary would initiate something right now, John isn’t sure he’d be able to go through with it.
“Looking for something?” Sherlock said, rising to his full height and swiftly bridging the distance between him and the stranger.
“Have you seen Sherlock?” is the first thing he asks, the urgency in his tone not as subtle as it might have been without the alcohol.
“Yes,” Sherlock rolls his eyes, “I’ll be a good boy, eat my vegetables, not watch too much telly and be in bed by ten. Happy? So, before I give in to my urge to push you down the stairs, please just go.” He stresses the last word and tries to look cross enough to place some emphasis on his threat.
“You are not,” Harry said peremptorily and her eyes—the eyes their mother had left them both—fixated John in a stern stare. “The very fact that you are worried about it happening makes you a million times better than him, Johnny. You are a good person; don’t you ever doubt that. You have endured so much and you’re allowed to make mistakes. That’s what makes you human.”
“No, he doesn’t,” John quickly objected although the lie didn’t sound very convincing. That bloke actually could have been his twin brother as far as he could tell. He was sure that, fifteen years ago, he and that actor would have been nearly indistinguishable.
, “that you intentionally misinterpret every single aspect of our life together to avoid facing the uncomfortable truth about yourself.”
But now that he’s standing in the kitchen, hours away from it, the prospect is, for whatever reason, quite unsettling.
He should’ve been honest, with Sherlock, with the world, with himself.
“Money’s not an issue,” Sherlock dismissed his objections.
Cautiously, Sherlock stepped closer. The milk carton in his hand weighed five stone at least.
“I take your word for it. This is hardly my area of expertise, John,” Sherlock said with an apologetic smile. Having uttered his concerns, at least to some extent, seemed to change the air between them, rendered it mellower, homelier, and gave Sherlock the strength to open up. Under his breath, he added: “I don’t know how to do this.”
“Where was Jason at that point?”
And a best man with a broken heart.
In a distant corner of Sherlock’s mind, an alarm was activated at the sight of all the boozed strangers. Yet, the alcohol in his own bloodstream rendered him splendidly careless. The sirens didn’t ring loud enough to drown out the music and the warning lights flashing before his eyes were at once assimilated by the beams of colour dancing across the room.
His voice got hollow. “I see the way my father looks at her, now that she’s growing up so fast. I couldn’t leave her there. I had to do something.”
As always: I appreciate every comment and kudos soooo much! Knowing that you are out there, reading this, is giving me so much strength and motivation. I can't thank you enough, every single one of you! <3 <3 <3
Sherlock shot John a quick glance, eyes taking in the deep bags under John’s and the way his skin seemed to gradually lose its usual golden colour. He could all but taste the exhaustion oozing out of every pore, seeping through John’s shirt and coat, tainting the air with sleep-deprived resignation, so tangible it might actually be contagious.
“He’ll come back, bumblebee. We’ll sort this out.”
A curious desire to reach out to Cal rose in Sherlock’s heart, so urgent that he had trouble stopping himself from sticking his hand out. Just to gently touch his shoulder, stroke his back until he knew that they wouldn’t harm him, that they would set things right again.
John stares at him, his throat bobbing as he swallows. “Why didn’t you tell me that? When you came back. You said you were worried about my indiscretion.”
He can’t risk watching it.
The conversation, up until now only a muddied bit of thought almost out of reach, comes flying back to the forefront of John’s consciousness.
Stay tuned for the sequel (if you--like me--aren't ready to leave these two lovebirds alone). I'll post the first chapter as soon as I can :)
Sherlock let his head fall back upon the pillow as John climbed half on top of him and began to torture him with little bites and bruises again—always on the verge of hurting but not quite there. Sherlock let out an involuntary gasp and dug his nails into John’s backside, evoking an equal sound of pained pleasure. All his nerves were alight with the feeling of John’s fingers, John’s lips, John’s cock against his thigh.
As always: Comments are my greatest pleasure so feel free to address anything at all! :)
What a waste of time.
John wakes up from pleasant dreams. But something is wrong.
John’s chest was heaving now, his jaw clenched, eyes still not meeting Sherlock’s fiery stare. The other man’s obvious shock and discomfort woke a grim sense of triumph in Sherlock’s chest. He stepped closer, wanting to force John to look at him, to look him in the eyes and see what he had just destroyed between them.
Rosie wraps her legs and arms around his body like a little spider monkey, Sherlock securing her with strong arms as he keeps spinning them around. He lets his head fall back and sings at full volume as they twirl on the worn-out carpet, his voice saturating the air with its enchanting timbre. Every single word hits John like a wrecking ball.
He pushes through the lab door out into the hall and crosses it with long, annoyed strides, not bothering to let Molly know he’s leaving. She’ll figure it out.
“And you are absolutely sure that Jason never fell back into old patterns?” he continued. “He never had any new possessions you couldn’t account for? Anything that would’ve exceeded the amount of his allowance?”
It’s not that Sherlock seems incapable of wording his affection and warm regard for John—it’s the sheer depth of these feelings that unveils itself with every spirited word Sherlock utters through another mouthful of chips. If some stranger would eavesdrop on their conversation, Greg ponders, they would probably think the two of them were crafting a love letter rather than a best man speech.
It will be a beautiful day tomorrow, Greg supposes. A storybook wedding, with clear skies and golden sunshine illuminating the blushing bride.
John didn’t want to close his eyes just yet. Sherlock was already fast asleep, half his body spread across John like a heavy blanket, silky curls tingling the crook of John’s neck. In the serenity of their bedroom, Sherlock’s deep, even breaths seemed to melt into a relaxing, melodic rhythm. His chest, swelling against John’s side in steady waves, had something so comforting about it, like a calm ocean washing against safe shores, gently rocking John to sleep.
John’s gaze lingers on the signature, then flicks back to individual words and passages;
I’m taking you not answering as a good sign… Hope you guys have fun ;)
Yeah, what was he doing?
“Well…,” Sherlock initiated his explanation until their words fully penetrated his consciousness. “Wait, you
“I threw everything out when I moved back in with you. I didn’t exactly want to store stuff like that in our shared bedroom. Could’ve made things awkward.”
“Come on, we’re going dancing,” John said, appearing out of thin air next to Sherlock and startling him back into consciousness. He was grinning from ear to ear and a tinge of pink coloured his cheeks. Sherlock could suddenly clearly imagine what he must have been like at uni, bursting with enthusiasm and an undeniable zest for life. Somewhere along the years, between war and wear-out, so much of that youthful energy had been lost. Now that Sherlock caught a glimpse of it again, just like he had when he and John had chased down the cabbie on their very first night together, he had the urge to preserve it at any cost. He wanted John to be like this, happy and dynamic and overflowing with life, every day.
(See the end of the chapter for
The Boating Lake in Regent’s Park mirrored the icy grey colour of the sky above, every once in a while lighting up like a puddle of quicksilver when a beam of sunlight hit its surface. John drank the cold air as if parched, letting it cleanse his lungs and soul. Sherlock’s tall figure sauntered gracefully next to him, his long legs allowing for a slower pace while still keeping up with John.
“You seem a little distracted.”
I imagined something like this <3 What about you?
“Do you have any idea what this man has been through? His wife died only weeks after giving birth to their daughter and here you are, you sorry excuse for a human, and try to lighten the weight of your own meaningless existence by belittling a grieving father!?”
“As you know I’ve put the Work temporarily on hold during the wedding planning,” he says while surreptitiously getting rid of the almost empty lasagne dish. “I’m sure you’ll understand how many cases have piled up.”
Something wet drops onto the paper, smudging and blurring the words. It takes John a second to comprehend that he is crying. A sob makes its way up his tight throat, so raspy it almost hurts. Indignantly, John dries his eyes with his sleeve and sets the letter down on the coffee table.
“I like raspberries,” he said and took a sip. The sparkling liquid tingled his tongue. He could barely taste the alcohol against the fresh sweetness of the lemonade. John couldn’t have chosen a better drink.
John gave him a bright smile. “Great. I’m glad to hear that. Is he still in custody?”
How could he not have thought about this?
He’s lying on his back, Sherlock wrapped around him like a long-legged spider monkey.
“Yes, Sherlock, very good. Great. Perfect!” John laughed and wiped his face again before settling back down on the floor.
(See the end of the chapter for
Greg rises from the sofa and crosses the room. The telly goes black as he presses the button and the DVD player ejects the disc.
“You pretended to be dead—for two years!” John roars and stomps out into the room. “I organised your funeral, I visited your grave. And all this time you were alive and keeping this gigantic secret from me.”
“We were obligated to transfer him to a psychiatric facility, suicide watch and everything. But someone pulled some strings”—he gave Sherlock a less than subtle side look—”and managed to get him into one of the… private establishments instead of the state-issued ones. He’ll have some time to calm down there, get a psych eval, and then set things straight before his trial. Someone already stood bail for him.”
John’s head sinks, heavy with the weight of his words, and he just stands there, shoulders shaking with quiet sobs.
Would John and he lose track of her friends and interests as well when she’d grow up? Would she feel the need to hide her true self from them?
Sherlock’s eager eyes fix on John and a hint of sadness and something apologetic flits across his face as he halts in the middle of the sitting room, the few steps between them, the safe distance they had kept all these years, this unsurmountable abyss finally being bridged by a delicate construct of wavering words.
John still fixated him and Sherlock believed he could tell the exact second all of his delusions crumbled, as something broke in his eyes, his jaw unclenched, all the tension left his body.
Of course, she was right.
Sherlock sips on his tea to wash down the lump in his throat.
“After all we’ve been through this past year! Do you have any idea what’s at stake here?”
Tentatively, John brought his other hand up to Sherlock’s chest, sliding up over the fabric in a slow stroke until he reached his cheek. He gently cupped Sherlock’s burning face with cold fingers and silently asked for permission once more.
John nods gravely. “I did. Tonight.”
“Hey,” John said softly into the dimly lit space while peeling out of his jacket. Since no one answered he went upstairs where he found Sherlock in one of his silky dressing gowns, sitting by Rosie’s crib. He smiled at the sight. Sherlock had insisted on buying all essential baby gear which he had put in John’s old room directly after they had made 221B habitable again so John could stop by with Rosie anytime he wanted. Over the past few weeks, Sherlock had watched Rosie even more often than Mrs. Hudson or Molly had. At first, John was sure he tried to somehow make up for everything that had happened between them since Mary’s death, but now he felt that his friend simply thrived in sight of this new responsibility. Whenever John had a long day at the clinic, Sherlock would volunteer his time and apparently never let little Rosie out of his sight, not even now when she was sound asleep.
To his astonishment, Sherlock didn’t crumble beneath his touch, didn’t collapse or dissolve. Instead, he pulled John in, surrendering and demanding at the same time. He didn’t only bear John, he bore up against him. They moved in perfect understanding.
There’s really nothing to do, he tries to convince himself, as he heaves a generous slice onto a plate and carries it over to the sofa.
Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s palm, his voice still rippled by the waves of worry flooding him. “But you’ve got hurt.”
John’s voice was calm and solemn as if uttering a sacred vow: “I love you, Sherlock Holmes.”
The little village in Norfolk John and Sherlock had been summoned to was exceptionally idyllic. Or it would have been without the air of loss lingering upon it, filling the narrow streets, distressing anyone that entered. Just two days ago, a dead body had been found on the beach, washed up like driftwood, and precipitated the whole village into deep sable grief. The body had been identified as Ethan Nichols, the son of a local family. He was only sixteen.
“You knew on the stag night.” Sherlock turns again and carefully eyes John’s expression, looking for minuscule clues of whether he’s telling the truth. “You must’ve known.”
The room fell silent for a few seconds, the parent’s grief coating all of their lungs like oily, slate-grey haze.
The next best thing for frayed nerves then.
But things weren’t like they had been those seven years before. They tiptoed around each other, courteously and more softly than before. There was a strained sort of amicability between him and Sherlock now, each carefully avoiding addressing the issues that lurked in every corner of their home—misplaced trust, betrayal, hurt, heartbreak. At lot less bickering filled the air of 221B, a lot less snark and exasperation. And a lot less laughter. Every day seemed to consist of the same polite conversation, the same exhausting duties, the same glass whisky too much. And yet, no one looking in through the windows would’ve guessed that they weren’t a perfectly content makeshift family, mourning a tragic loss, yes, but content still. John knew better. They were slowly falling apart.
John’s wedding ring.
He can’t be too late. Whatever it is, he’s not going to let Sherlock face it alone this time.
“That’s where they met then,” John concluded and looked at the picture on the screen. “The stature and height fits our nightly intruder.”
As Sherlock was about to take off his coat, he felt John’s hands on his shoulders, helping him out of it in a gallant gesture that made Sherlock’s blood rush to his cheeks. John had never done that before, at least not for Sherlock. For his girlfriends, yes…
The music grows louder and other scents mix in with John’s aftershave but Sherlock’s olfactory index seems to be currently out of order.
The phone is still lying there, untouched. It has chimed a third time (
“Did Jason know how bad things are at home?”
It has taken John longer than he cares to admit adjusting to his life as a widower, to cope with all the traumas and terror he has lived through. He couldn’t have done it without Sherlock—his help with Rosie, his friendship, his companionship. By now, he is factually Rosie’s second parent. John doesn’t want to break their bond. It would devastate all three of them.
First and foremost, he needed data. Data formed the universe’s fabric. Data brought sense and logic and security.
, John’s voice echoed in his ear and made Sherlock bite the already swollen inside of his cheek. Why did they get to be happy? This was so unfair.
As John opened his eyes again, they met Sherlock’s with such fierceness that he forgot to breathe for several seconds. He angled his body so that he danced chest-to-chest with Sherlock now. Puzzled, Sherlock diverted his gaze; A few feet away, Molly and Greg were dancing in even closer proximity than he and John, Molly’s arms resting on the DI’s neck.
“I’ll take this, just in case you… just in case.”
John’s voice is measured and steady as he finally says, “I watched the video, Sherlock.”
John opened his eyes. The pale light of breaking dawn shone through the windows and illuminated the hospital room. He must’ve fallen asleep for a while.
Sherlock has thought about this afternoon for the past five weeks, has replayed it in his mind palace second by second more times than he cares to count: the way John had cried in his arms. Sometimes his skin still itches with the memory of John’s soft skin under his fingers. The scent that had wafted off John’s hair, familiar and yet overwhelming, seems to linger in the air and re-enter his nose when he least expects it.
But John didn’t divert his gaze and reached for Sherlock’s hand, feather-light fingers entangling. The sensation made Sherlock shiver and freed him from his paralysation.
By the second week they’re home again, he runs every night.
Foxes, Clarity
“Good morning,” he said, the words never having been so true, and followed Sherlock as he moved them in an intricate order of turns across the cold kitchen floor.
“Have you listened to it?” John’s voice was calm and steady though not quite concealing the nervousness saturating it. He clenched and unclenched his fist in the way he always did when he was trying to get his feelings under control.
“You weren’t ready,” Sherlock assuages John, his thumb rubbing soothing circles on John’s skin. “And you’ve made up for it. No one has ever done anything remotely like that for me. That was disgustingly romantic.”
He favours darkness, brooding clouds, and shadows coming to life. As do the criminals that make his occupation worthwhile.
He pauses for a second, eyeing Sherlock with a fist of pity twisting his guts. “Will you be alright? I can stay if you want.”
Sherlock crossed his arms and pouted. “Spoilsport.”
Sherlock gave him an appreciative smile. The wheels in his head had already begun turning, juddering with a frequency that let his entire nervous system vibrate. “So, you have already moved the body?”
There’s definitely music playing, featherlight and instrumental, one of Sherlock’s favourite pieces in fact.
Lestrade nodded grimly. “Cal broke Beaumont’s gun cabinet open and took one when he left the house. He says he just wanted to threaten his parents to leave Laney alone. But Jason came after him, with the ring, and caught him red-handed. He urged him to not be stupid and put it back, to take the ring instead and use it to get away for a bit until Jason would’ve managed to get more money and join them. But Cal wouldn’t hear it. ‘Money doesn’t solve everything’, he said apparently and he threw the ring away.”
“Yeah, good point, good point,” Sherlock mumbles, retrieves a pen from his inner pocket and begins frantically scribbling down ideas in the document’s margins.
And neither can he stand not knowing.
“You are such a drama queen.”
What he sees presses the air out of his lungs in a surprised gasp.
Hello you people :)
The world has never been so full of colour.
“Don’t be silly.”
“You were a kid yourself. Two years don’t make you that much more of an adult. And even if I was too young to stand by you then, I didn’t do anything after I left home either. I should’ve been there for you. I am your brother, after all.”
Now, at least, they wouldn’t be able to catch him off guard.
One inch at a time, Sherlock moved closer, hoping that John would ascribe it to the lack of space around them. As the bass became especially intense, John’s eyes slid closed, completely indulging in the vibrations the music sent through the sole of their feet directly into every distant corner of their bodies. The motion and the humid heat of the room send little drops of sweat down Sherlock’s spine and his curls stuck to his forehead. Other bodies were pressing against his own occasionally but one was John’s and that was all he perceived.
“I don’t know if I can take another sleepless night,” sighed John, “I almost fell asleep today auscultating a patient.” He pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his burning eyes before handing Sherlock his cup.
?” He gives Sherlock a sceptical glance.
John laid a hand on Sherlock’s, moved by his concern for Rosie and his efforts to help in spite of his uncomfortableness. These tokens of his affection he had displayed over the past two months they lived together again spoke volumes and yet John had failed to grasp their meaning for the longest time. What but love would incite Sherlock Holmes to help with chores? “You go shower, I’ll take care of this.”
He was rummaging the drawers for a pair of trousers when his panicking brain finally registered the information billowing at the outskirts of his consciousness: There was faint music seeping through the bedroom door. He halted abruptly, staying perfectly still and listening for a few seconds, all his nerves on edge. His ears didn’t betray him. A melody was playing, coming from the sitting room, if he wasn’t mistaking. John even knew that song. With his heart barely beating, he strode across the bedroom and opened the door.
“I’ve always cared about you. For years. When you”—
Sherlock budged again in his sleep and John took another deep breath from the other man’s inebriant perfume, barely resisting the urge to bury his nose deep in those damn silky curls, before his friend would certainly wake up and move back in embarrassment. But Sherlock only made the cutest little smacking sound and adjusted himself even closer to John, now nestling his head completely at John’s neck, his left arm flung over, hand resting on John’s thigh. His skin tingled under the touch in unfamiliar intensity as he desperately tried to concentrate on driving. John’s heartbeat thundered in his ears at a volume that should have made it impossible for Sherlock not to wake up. But the younger man’s breathing was slow and steady as he leaned closely against John and stayed sound asleep.
Sherlock wiggled in his arm. “Yes.”
I know I ride out the angst pretty badly in this fic but rest assured that there lie at least 4 fluffy/smutty chapters ahead to finish the story--happy ending(s) guaranteed :) So, please, keep reading. I don't know what I'd do without all of your feedback and support <3 <3 <3
the one who trusted
“We’re idiots then, I guess,” Sherlock grinned and nudged John’s ear with his nose.
John has the distinct feeling that the constant walk on a tightrope between Sherlock and Mary his life has become couldn’t survive the slightest deviation, let alone something as massive as this.
Now that he came to think of it, they hadn’t talked about the implications of their first time at all. Had John even asked Sherlock if he was alright afterward? He couldn’t remember. They both had been a sweat-soaked, cum-covered mess, barely able to find their way to the bathroom through the thick, endorphin-induced fog. In hindsight, Sherlock had been awfully quiet. That should have tipped John off, shouldn’t it? Since when was Sherlock Holmes ever at a loss for words? John should have seen that something was wrong. A familiar mixture of guilt, shame, and worry began to simmer in his guts.
The chapter's song is: Major Lazer & DJ Snake, Lean on
But at this moment, the comforting weight on his shoulder began to shift, to vanish, to slip away. Sherlock winced, almost in pain at the loss of contact. But, no, the hand simply weaved into his hair and a low voice rumbled: “Good Morning.”
The next second, John has vanished around the corner.
He throws another glance over John’s shoulder and steps closer. “Look,” he says, his voice low and conspiratorial, “do you remember what we talked about at the wedding? About you choosing, or really not choosing Mary.”
“Never?”
Sherlock doesn’t understand how people can complain about the English weather. If anything, it sets the mood properly—for adventures and mystery.
“Nothing to thank me for.” Sherlock’s voice was barely a murmur.
“We’ve solved dozens of cases like that and you never seemed to—”
When they had received the call from Lestrade far too early this morning, John had been less than thrilled by the idea to leave Rosie alone for God knew how long, but the DI, let alone Sherlock, could be very persuasive. A former colleague had contacted Lestrade after the first examination of the body and requested Sherlock’s services. She was leading the investigation and would provide access to all crucial information and resources as long as the consulting detective came right away, promised Lestrade.
“A majority, I guess,” John replied and lenient blue eyes wandered over him. “You don’t have to play if you’re uncomfortable with this, Sherlock.”
“Thanks, well... It’s just…”
With still irritatingly shaking fingers, he pulls the envelope out again and opens it. There’s nothing in it but the disc, no letter, not even a note.
Sherlock went to the kitchen and fetched a knife and cake server—when had they even bought this—listening to the animated chatter in the sitting room with a sort of impatient enjoyment. This little party was more pleasant than he had hoped but, still, the bigger part of him longed for solitary hours with cock instead of cake. Or maybe both.
The words John had said to him are forever imprinted on the walls of his skull, an internal tattoo covering the grey matter Sherlock is so proud of.
Jon McLaughlin, Human.
Handing the Mayfly Man over to the officers, Greg feels himself breathe more easily for the first time since yesterday. It seems like they’ve cleared the worst hurdle, the best man speech, and, from here on, things will somehow return to normality. Or some form of it.
Everything looked exactly the same as they entered Angelo’s—and still, all was changed. The tables, the bar, the walls—everything was warmer and brighter and full of promise. Or maybe it was just the way John shone, how his weary face was glowing from deep within, illuminating, radiating. Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off of him. He had been so wrong. John wasn’t simply his conductor—he was light himself, his fixed star, his sun: the centre of his universe.
“Darling?”
The song was encouraging and sanguine, almost cheerful, and Sherlock felt his lips quirk up into a lopsided smile. It had to mean something, it just had to.
The single syllable lets all alarms go off in Sherlock’s head. Red lights blink over the scenery as the sirens set in. “Why—why did he give it to you? He said I shouldn’t, that it was a bad idea.”
—before he slumped down on the sofa and examined the overall picture. Sometimes he would spend hours in this room, sprawled on the soft cushions and staring at John’s face echoing from everywhere, going over all that he had learned about the past years, contemplating John Watson and his contradictory behaviour patterns. Every time he thought he knew where their road was headed, John took a different exit than anticipated. This man still posed a complete puzzle to him. And today, he frustrated him.
In the all-cloaking darkness, John’s soft voice, already muffled by imminent sleep, floated to his ear: “It’s nice when you’re being kind, Sherlock. Just took me by surprise a little, I guess. But I like it.”
John wet his treacherous lips and occupied his hands by lifting Rosie off his shoulders.
John settles in next to him, leaves space for Sherlock to explore, lets him lick and brush and nuzzle his way.
“It’s Mrs. Beaumont’s,” Sherlock explained, ”I suspect her engagement ring. I found it in the garden.”
“Why is everyone asking me what I’m doing here?” John said more harshly than he had intended to, regretting it immediately as Sherlock visibly flinched. More calmly, he added: “This is my flat, too. My name’s on the lease. I surely don’t need a reason to be in my own home, do I?”
He tries to sip at his tea but his jaw is set tightly, his lips glued shut. The baby monitor cracks faintly as Rosie rolls around in her crib but the sound barely makes it to John’s ears.
He’s almost done when Mary enters the bathroom and wraps her arms around him from behind.
Sherlock’s face lights up. “A case! A case, of course. But which one? John usually chooses the most commonplace ones for his blog and he pads things with all this unnecessary drama and emotion.” He snorts indignantly. “For once, I could select one with actual features of interest, like that one with these extraordinary markings on the skull or that time we collected all these samples of—”
He still has no idea what to expect but he’s certain he can’t shelve this confrontation any longer. He needs to know.
). She waves up to the window one last time before getting into the car.
But Greg has trouble fitting what he sees into his reality.
Sherlock rolled his eyes with a playfully annoyed grin. “Just tell me already.”
“Thank you so much,” Sherlock mumbled into his skin. As John looked up he found silvery eyes bedewed with familiar tears. He still wasn’t quite used to Sherlock’s tendency to cry whenever he was overwhelmed by euphoria and relief upon his orgasm but he supressed his usual urge to voice his concerns. Sherlock’s expression was way too ecstatic to make him worry, anyway.
John stopped, tenderly bringing Sherlock to a halt as well. Like a moon orbiting the sun, Sherlock turned until their bodies were fully aligned—pulled in by John’s own gravity or the grasp around his hand, he couldn’t tell. He took in the sight of the man before him, illuminated by a distant street lamp. There was something about the way the earth was slowly swallowed by winter’s white cloak, drowning out the noises of busy traffic around them, that made John’s eyes shine brighter, incandescent against the dark of the city. Sherlock inhaled deeply, drawing in the beauty and the glow of John Watson.
Probably not.
“What memories?”
John’s face is inscrutable. “Yes.”
“You want to marry me?” he finally breathed in a rusted voice.
(Chose this version because my Mom loves Simply Red and I listened to it so much as a kid <3 :)
At Liverpool Street, they got off. The next train left ten minutes later. During their ride, Rosie woke again and demanded breakfast. While she sucked on one of the convenient little pouches filled with Greek yoghurt and fruit puree John had packed to go, he stared out of the window and gnawed at the tight knot of anxiety that had formed in his stomach. At a quarter past seven, he stepped out of the station, the city before him still wrapped in a coat of velvety darkness. A pale moon hovered over him as John made his way down the streets that had once been the centre of his universe. Everything was so much smaller. But that was unsurprising. Childhood memories always lost proportion over the course of growing up. And it had been more than fifteen years since he had last set foot in his hometown.
“You’ve got your gun with you, don’t you? Just in case?” Sherlock asked in a whisper as they entered the same backstreets they had left only hours earlier. John hummed affirmatively and padded his pocket.
“Now, could you hand me your wallet, please?” John asked, a sudden thought striking his mind.
“It’s… I’m alright. You can let go of me,” Sherlock finally breathed and, when the stranger did, he hesitantly came to his feet.
“Make me,” Sherlock replied slyly but the trembling in his voice betrayed him.
If he didn’t have visual confirmation, John would never have guessed that the voice forming his name belonged to Sherlock—hoarse and shaky and forlorn. Sherlock stepped into the light of the sitting room lamp that reached the kitchen and hesitantly stopped next to Mycroft, their shoulders almost touching. More than the deep purple colour of the bruise-like shadows under his puffy eyes or his suppliant posture, it was this gesture of wilful closeness to his brother that sealed it: Sherlock was not okay. He was as far from being okay as John had ever seen him, even at his darkest hours. He looked positively demolished, with his messy hair and yesterday’s wrinkly clothes clinging to his lean chest. John swallowed heavily. This was his fault.
The slightest hint of alarm and anxiety flickered over Sherlock’s face before excitement and this tender, trusting softness took over his features. His wet hands reached for John and pulled him into the tub. John rewarded his hospitability with an ardent kiss, running his hands up and down his back while the hot water engulfed them. The slightly heat-reddened skin beneath his fingers the only outlet for his nerves, he pressed himself against Sherlock, feeling both their arousal rise instantly.
All this normal-human-techniques just aren’t effective on a superior mind such as his, Sherlock notices with contempt. For once, it would’ve been nice to have a head as vacant and peaceful as everyone else’s.
John seems to have come to terms with it, at least. Ever since that fateful day at the hospital, when John had hit rock bottom as his fists and feet had met Sherlock’s body, ever since he had broken down later, on Sherlock’s birthday, at this very spot, his reins slackened enough for once to grant him weakness and vulnerability, he seems to be doing better every time Sherlock sees him.
The girl seemed even more alarmed. “How do you know my name?”
There it is again; this new layer of humanity Greg has always suspected to be there but never seen like this before.
“Did you believe that Nicole was the One when you proposed?” John asks abruptly just as Greg is about to head away with his drinks.
A rap at the door and several hesitant voices from the landing broke the spell. John and Sherlock turned to the sitting room door as it slowly opened and Molly, Greg, and Mrs. Hudson, carrying a cake peppered with candles, entered.
Sherlock is hurting, Greg knows it. He can’t leave him here, drunk and vulnerable. The bastard’s enough of a drama queen to do something stupid in his desperation. And if he’s actually hit by a car, Greg wouldn’t be able to forgive himself.
He let his hands drop and bit his lower lip. Naturally, John wanted to talk about this, about them. It was their first time out on a case as a couple. A lot of people to see them. A lot of people to judge. Yes, naturally, John wanted to make a plan, map out a strategy. Be prepared for the whispers, braced for the stares. After all, John wasn’t as used to them as he was. “What would you be comfortable with? Do you want to… tell people?”
He craned his neck to look at Sherlock. “Apologising? You?”
“I asked her not to. I didn’t want you to feather-bed me and, guess what, I still don’t.”
“That was pretty funny,” Sherlock sniggers.
“And what’s the point in that?”
At the station, he bought himself a late breakfast consisting of a cup of coffee and a sandwich. He also stopped at a florist and purchased a bouquet of white roses. He couldn’t possibly show up without flowers.
“Sherlock, I… I didn’t— I don’t ever want you to do anything like that. You have to promise me. No matter what happens between us: There is no way that I would ever be okay with something like that. Please, you have to promise me. I should’ve never written that note. You were absolutely right: I was cruel to you; on so many occasions that one life isn’t enough to make up for it but I’ll try and I’ll love you and…” He raised his eyes to meet Sherlock’s who blankly stared back. “I won’t ever hurt you like that again, I promise. You’ll never have reason to doubt my love for you again, do you hear me? I will love you—endlessly and unconditionally. I know it doesn’t mean a thing just to say it so I will prove it, Sherlock, every day for as long as you let me. Whatever you want, I will give to you. I’m all yours. But you have to promise me something, too, alright? Promise me that you’ll stay alive long enough for me to prove my worth. Promise me that you’ll allow yourself to be taken care of, to
“Sherlock, what—?”
This chapter mentions past torture and abuse. Please be safe :)
Sherlock nodded with a smile. “Ah, how nice. Sorry again for the disturbance. Goodnight.”
long time and I won’t renounce it just because you’re scared of hurting me. If you don’t want to do this, just say so. But if your fear is your only objection you better get to work now or I’ll go and find myself someone who will.”
From the bathroom, John hears her laugh as she turns up the water in the shower and, for a moment, everything feels familiar and comfortable.
Had Sherlock woken up in the middle of the night, filled with new nightmares starring a savage John taking advantage of him, stalking him like prey until Sherlock had no choice but to succumb? Or had he beheld John in the harsh, revealing daylight, his body aging, his wrinkles a little deeper, his hair a little greyer, and been disgusted by the first man he had allowed access to the sanctum of his body? Did he regret taking this step, now that the effects of the wine had worn off?
A proud grin plastered on his face, John grabbed the pushchair and turned around. Sherlock was already several meters ahead of him, making his way home to Baker Street with determined strides and Rosie on his arm. Quickly, John followed him.
Although the scenes were mangled by pain and blood loss, he could piece them together quite reliably: the gun that had gone off — Cal who had dropped it like scalding metal the next second — the officers rushing up the stairs and arresting the boy — Greg following closely behind and calling the ambulance — Sherlock’s pale face as he pressed his scarf down on the wound.
“So, why didn’t she?”
And it certainly wouldn’t measure up to John’s reputation. After all, he’s supposed to be the romantic.
As they lay in bed that night, John on his back and Sherlock carefully sprawled over him to not accidentally touch the sore flesh under his dressing, the nightly world around them seemed a little softer, a little less bleak.
“Jason was a good boy,” his mother reiterated, red eyes fixing on Sherlock in an almost pleading manner.
If his disappearance after the wedding has proven one thing it’s that he can’t be relied upon. He’ll always be as volatile as any other force of nature.
Sherlock wraps himself tightly in his dressing gown, examining the odd sensation in his belly.
He could feel Sherlock’s bewildered stare on him in the darkness as he lay down beside him.
Natalie Taylor, Latch.
“Sherlock,” John warned.
A wave of disgust and self-loathing washed through John’s veins and swept all his apathy away. Every cell was set back to full sensory capacity, and what they sensed was nothing but heartbreak. Oh God, what had he done?
“What?”
The light-hearted sounds of amusement John freed from Sherlock’s chest with skilful movements of hands and fingers resounded deep inside his mind. He only now fully realised how incredibly lucky he was. Sherlock was right, and so had been Greg; He shouldn’t risk the life he had finally been granted, a life full of love and joy and warmth, a life he could spend with Sherlock and Rosie, as a family.
Are you still there, still reading this? I wanted to upload this chapter much earlier but just didn't have any time between work and visiting my family. I hope it was worth the wait! :)
John licked his lips and took a deep breath, readying himself for his final words: “I am bisexual. And I am in love with the most brilliant man to ever walk this earth.”
No, he won’t budge.
It's a wrap!
Greg leans back in his seat. “Don’t overthink it, mate. Maybe just include one of your cases. They’re usually entertaining and ridiculous enough.”
The waiter brought their second bottle of Pinot Gris and obligingly asked if he could do anything else for them. John scanned the menu again before caringly looking at Sherlock. “Do you want dessert?”
He panted, now having pulverized every single bit of breakable dishware he owned, his emotions still running wild and violently demanding another object to fall victim to their obliterative force. Nothing was safe from the tsunami that flooded his nervous system.
“I’ll never know what he would’ve wanted now, will I?” Cal howled, choked by the tears brimming in his eyes. “Because he’s dead and everyone’ll think I killed him!”
Get ready for some heavy angst. For those of you who are not into this kinda stuff: I'm so sorry but the next few chapters are gonna be an emotional trainwreck. For those of you who enjoy this kinda stuff: Have fun and remember--I warned you!
“You mean like our first case together?” Sherlock pointed out.
That night, when Mary complains about a headache and wants to go to bed early, John feels nothing but gratitude.
Not from any of his ex-girlfriends, not from his late wife.
“Yes, of course. It’s her first Christmas,” the taller man stated matter-of-factly.
.” Sherlock’s response didn’t sound as caustic as he intended to. He was about to add another snappy comment which usually prompted his flatmate to just roll his eyes and drop the subject when John’s phone audibly vibrated in his pocket.
“Could you stop spiralling for a minute, honey?” John finally interrupted him, taking his wildly gesturing hands back into his own. Sherlock stared at him, eyes wide and chest heaving rapidly.
They feel sorry for him.
Greg nodded with pursed lips. “Mrs. Beaumont said her son had a pre-existing condition.”
“So, you thought you’d just pop by unannounced?” he asks as he enters the hall, aware that his accusatory tone takes John aback before he even turns around to see his face.
“Everything I’ve done from the moment that we met I did to make you happy, to keep you safe! I ripped myself apart these past years and I won’t stand here and be accused of doing this for any other reason than your safety and happiness because for once—”
He adjusted his grip on Rosie and tugged her pushchair a little to the side so other people could pass more easily while they waited for Sherlock’s return. They hadn’t walked more than a few hundred meters; This shouldn’t take Sherlock and his abnormally long legs too long to cover. John rocked Rosie in his arm, on the one hand, to keep her calm, on the other, to keep himself warm, and watched the passers-by. Even under these conditions, a lot of people were out—families, strollers, runners. One of them, a brunette a couple of years younger than John in black leggings and a pink jacket, slowed down a few feet away from them. She took out one of her earbuds and flashed John a smile.
A hard, spikey chunk of shame rolls around in the pit of his stomach and John can’t move, fighting the thirst. A minute or so passes before he finally straightens his shoulders.
Greg downs his first pint in big gulps. Seconds later, he can already feel his muscles gradually ease out of their rigid state. The buzzing of his nerves quietens a little against the background of the grainy football game flickering over the ancient telly above the bar.
“I better go check.” John leaves his half-empty glass on the counter. “If that bastard has snuck off to smoke—”
(See the end of the chapter for
Silence spread between them like thick, sticky jelly. What were you supposed to do after such a question? Sherlock could only consult the memory of his own more than embarrassing experience when John had asked him to be his best man. That hadn’t been ideal either. Should they hug? Preposterous. They never hugged.
“Rutherford,” Lestrade yelled as soon as they entered the office space.
Maybe one of the restricted pieces might be a sufficient pastime.
“Yes, shut up, I think I hear something.”
“I don’t need any drastic changes. I want to keep living with you, share a bed with you, just continue our life together. But… I’d like to touch you.” John paused, waiting for Sherlock’s reaction. When the other remained quiet, he continued: “I’ve noticed that that’s not something you’re particularly fond of and that’s totally fine with me, whether you just need time to get used to it or don’t like that at all. I won’t pressure you into anything. It’s just… you wanted to know.” He raised his hands in an appeasing gesture before falling silent.
“Where’d you get that from? Men’s Health?”
“And maybe get invited in for
There is Mrs Hudson, deep in conversation with Molly. His parents and John’s sister are laughing about a joke Mike Stamford is telling and, on the other side, there’s his little stepdaughter Hannah on her mother’s lap, both looking as content as can be.
When his eyes finally ran dry, Molly stood up to get him a tissue and Greg returned to the kitchen, this time to make coffee, in a silent agreement that it would be a long night. Sherlock was endlessly grateful for their discretion as he dried his face and took several deep breaths. Confiding his feelings to Molly and Greg was such a relief—as if the mere articulation of the horrifying thoughts clawing at the inside of his skull made them lose some of their viciousness. So, he kept talking, sharing, trusting, and every genuinely sympathetic response soothed his soul. His sense of time lay buried beneath all the secrets and sorrows he piled up on the table until a mighty yawn pried his jaw open.
Greg grabs his shoulder. “Sherlock, the wedding’s literally hours away. All his friends and family will be there. You can’t derail that now. You could’ve told him any other day over the past months since you’ve been back but you didn’t. Doing it now will only cause pain and confusion, for everyone. John has made his choice, he chose Mary, and you’ll have to respect that. If you truly love him, if you want him to be happy, you have to let this go.”
Sherlock is in trance, guided only by a truth he’s long suspected:
From there, he watches as Mrs Hudson emerges from 221B and enthusiastically greets Mr Chatterjee who’s leaned against his Toyota (
But maybe only in the same way alcohol and money do, revealing and amplifying what’s always been there.
even in his sleep by now.
John neither spoke nor moved. He just lay in the perfect blackness of the night and listened to Sherlock’s shallow breathing, keenly aware of his own hammering heartbeat. He was sure Sherlock knew he was awake but neither of them dared to break the silence. Eventually, the steady waves of Sherlock’s breaths rocked John back to sleep. When he woke, Sherlock was gone.
He rubs his eyes and blindly reaches for his watch on the nightstand. Heaving it in front of his face, he squints at the dial. It’s not even eight yet.
Mr. Beaumont’s expression shifted from hurt to openly affronted. “Steal from us? Why would he steal from us? If he’d needed anything, he could’ve just asked.”
Sherlock woke slowly, gradually, to a heavenly weight surrounding him. Surely, he was still dreaming, his subconscious mind creating wonderful sensations of warm arms around him and breath ghosting over his skin. Yes, what a fantastic dream this was, too good to give up easily.
It was still early. The matutinal city, its busy buzzing subdued by the layers of snow the night had brought, seemed still fresh and full of promise. The clouds had vanished and given way to a blushing sun that coloured the sky and warmed John’s face through the window. He closed his eyes for a second, revelling in the relief that the new morning had broken eventually. Even a night like this couldn’t last forever.
“I love you, John Watson.”
“But— what if I hurt you?” John couldn’t stand his gaze, couldn’t see the light in Sherlock’s eyes dim by the memories of all the pain he had put him through.
“Yes,” Sherlock dragged out the word, diverting his gaze, tracking back his thought process, searching for something that had escaped him.
As the younger man’s pale hand returned to his skin, John’s face relaxed again. His eyes slid closed completely and a soft satisfied bumbling vibrated in his throat. The fact that he was able to alleviate John's discomfort relieved Sherlock immensely. He adjusted his own figure to a more comfortable position, now sitting beside his friend with crossed legs and his sheets wrapped around his shoulders. He cooled John’s forehead, switching hands whenever their body temperatures aligned, and watched as John drifted back and forth between sleeping and waking. Slowly, pale sunlight crept into the bedroom.
“You touching me.”
“You can return the favour anytime you like,” Sherlock purred and began mouthing the outline of John’s cock through his pants. The dark blue fabric formed an intriguing contrast against John’s lightly tanned skin. Everything about him was golden and precious, a glowing treasure hidden away, ready to be uncovered.
“We’ll have the Panna Cotta with two spoons, please,” John told the waiter nonetheless and, upon Sherlock’s mouth opening to form an objection, he added: “You love Angelo’s Panna Cotta. I can’t let you go home without having it. It’s not getting wasted. I’ll eat anything you don’t, alright?”
He could only imagine how badly John was missing Mary at this time of year—apparently, the holidays were especially depressing for people who had lost a family member or couldn’t be with them, according to some blog posts he had read. Now, that he knew that, the sadness that flickered over John’s face more frequently these days didn’t pose such a riddle to him anymore. Although it was still as painful to watch as ever.
Sherlock’s insides clenched at the scene. The poor girl. Neglected or even abused by her parents and now her older brother, the only fixture in her life, was also gone.
This chapter is set on New Year's Eve and involves John and Sherlock getting a little drunk. There will be drinking games and dancing- beware of the clichés! :D
He rubs his eyes open and reaches over to his nightstand where the letter is resting, watching over him all night and conceivably keeping his nightmares at bay.
This has taken a darker turn than I've imagined but I promise you all the angst and bleakness will be rewarded with a happy ending. The song featured in this chapter is
“I promise.”
“And then what?” Sherlock hissed, the accusations stinging in his chest. “You let your clearance rate drop to the floor? You need me.”
The Beaumonts gave him a perplexed look.
Thank you once again for all of your support and praise! I couldn't have done this without you <3
John doesn’t dare use the telly in the sitting room, so he dusts off his old laptop and retreats to the study… Well, for now, it’s the study. They will soon turn it into a nursery.
For the second time in two days, John has the distinct feeling that Mary wants to say something else before she settles for: “I’ll just head over to Kate to give her the key.”
.” The sound of New Year’s cheers and glasses clinking together clogged the room as John and Sherlock stared at each other. Some version of
But then there was a dim light and John, piecing Sherlock’s physical form back together with soft kisses and reliable strokes, stacking cell upon cell. Into each layer, he wove another vow, another reminder of his eternal devotion, until Sherlock returned into a new body, given and altered by the touch of the man he loved. Because this wasn’t death after all—it was rebirth.
“Of course,” he says chipperly. “I was madly in love with her, ever since we first met. Naïve git, that I was.” He laughs but John only gives him a blurry, half-hearted grin.
“Yeah, I know,” John agreed, glad to share that thought with someone, and shot Harry a melancholy smile as she looked up again. Both of them carried the weight of having inherited Greta Watson’s eyes, a constant reminder of her presence—and absence. But, more so than John whose sturdy figure matched his father's, Harry had always been a miniature of her mother, from her stubborn head to her toes. John had often wondered if Geoff would’ve treated Harry differently if she weren’t a reflection of the woman he had loved and lost. And he wondered if Harry knew how painful it was for John to look at her, to see his sister, now about to surpass their mother in age, waste away under his gaze, just as Greta had. Now, her image would live on in yet another generation, in a granddaughter she never got to hold. John silently begged every entity that might hear him for granting his Rosie a less brutal fate than that of the women whose face she wore.
John burns up under his gaze and is yet unable to divert his own eyes from the face of the man he shares his life with. Why would he ever give this up? Why would he ever let anything as mundane as a missing bedroom rip Sherlock from his side again? He can’t leave him, he doesn’t want to, he has never wanted to, since the first day they met. The realization crushes him like an avalanche, breaking bones and convictions like brittle twigs.
“No.” John’s steps behind him halter momentarily. “No, of course not.”
“Are you sure I can leave you alone?” Mrs. Hudson asks again, pausing in the middle of getting dressed. Her overnight bag is lurking behind her, packed and ready to leave.
His thoughts were racing to the beat setting in. What was this supposed to mean? Why was John sending him this song, asking him to listen to it—
John sighed exasperatedly. “Would you stop already with
Mr. Beaumont nodded with a courteous smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Of course.”
“And you obviously made a better choice than I could ever have,” Greg says in an attempt to sound light-hearted but something is persistently gnawing at him.
“I assumed you were busy, too,” he replies as casual as he can, “preparing for the baby and whatnot.”
“He had a gun.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.” Her response displayed the exactly right amount of compassion and relief. This was almost too easy.
“No, I’m sure.”
“And let me return the compliment, if I may,” Sherlock said softly, only reluctantly opening his eyes again as John ended the kiss. “I know how much strength and courage facing all of this must have cost you.”
In fact, it feels so good that John peels off the shirt and pants he has slept in and staggers over to the shower. His whole body seems to lag behind his brain, moving slower and clumsier than usual. John hits his toe on the shower door and suppresses a curse as to not wake Mary.
John cupped Sherlock’s jaw and forced him to look him in the eyes. He weighed his next words carefully, layering every single one with meaning and warmth: “Letting your empathy and your qualms weigh in on your behaviour doesn’t make you a worse detective. It makes you better. It makes you human. And it makes me love you even more.”
The bartender demands his attention and hands Greg two glasses.
(See the end of the chapter for
Despite his complaining all the while they finished getting ready, claiming there were too many details of their future cooperation to be discussed, Sherlock fell asleep almost as soon as his body hit the mattress, a satisfied hum the last thing escaping his lips. John smiled to himself and contently let his fingers caress Sherlock’s back until he felt his mind grow sluggish.
, things ended in a catastrophe, a maelstrom of suffering, a capitulation to anything that stopped the anguish. First Victor, the boy that started it all, then…
A tear escaped his non-existent eyes at the thought of having to leave him behind, of entering the next stage of reality without him. They belonged together, always had, always would. And they surely would find each other in any other world to come. Still, Sherlock would have given anything for one more look into those dark-blue eyes, one more kiss from those lips, one more laughter shared in perfect understanding. But with his body shattered and his consciousness soaring slowly higher and higher towards the night sky it could only be goodbye now. Everything went dark.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock cocks his head, insecurity sneaking back into his eyes. “Hm, well, perhaps not.” He takes another sip of his cocktail.
“It was an accidental discharge, love. It could’ve hit anyone. Those things happen. And I’ve got you to take care of me now.”
Whatever John is doing, whenever he feels the slightest bit of hope that things will turn out well, after all, Greg’s obscure hints at Sherlock’s message make his thoughts return to the same run-out path they have been on for days—or maybe longer:
John was very thankful that his mouth wasn’t full of tea at this moment because otherwise he most definitely would have spit or snorted it out. Instead, he just gave his former flatmate a staggered look and asked a little louder than intended: “
No, he doesn’t want things to change.
For a beat, silence coloured the air between them. “Thank you.” Sherlock’s throaty voice sent a shiver through John’s body. He bent down and placed a tender kiss on his lips, feeling them turn up into a slight smile under his touch.
Mary chuckles even more. “I bet that’s exactly what London’s top criminals are counting on: you being on parental leave so they can finally snuff Sherlock out,” she mocks but the idea genuinely terrifies John.
Another heavy silence settled between them, saturated by dark memories. John pulled him closer, nuzzling his forehead. How much his wonderfully human partner had grown.
The second chapter is done. The next two are already kinda mapped out in my head but will definitely take some time to write since its Christmas and all that. Hope, you guys will continue reading and commenting. If there are any issues (tags to add, language etc) please let me know :)
“You’ve made a commitment,” Sherlock states and the fact that he’s right makes him nauseous. He forces the words out because he knows they have to be said. “To Mary. And you’re not the kind of man who leaves a pregnant woman.”
John swallowed hard around the anticipation lodging in his throat at the thought. “Yeah, sure.”
John felt his cheeks flush and withdrew his hand from Harry’s grasp to cover his face for a second. If even Harry who wasn’t part of his everyday life had seen through his façade, then John hadn’t been stealthy about his attraction at all. What use were all of his defence mechanisms if his own behaviour betrayed him constantly, telling all the world what he really felt? He had thought that, after the more than embarrassing conversation at Angelo’s on their very first night, he had it all under control. Because he wasn’t still into boys. And Sherlock wasn’t into anyone. But everyone had told a different story. All the comments he and Sherlock had received over the years came crashing down on him and, suddenly, he felt as transparent as the windows glistening in the afternoon sun. The whole world probably knew, except for the two people that really mattered. How much time had they wasted? If only John had gotten his act together sooner. If only Sherlock had made a move. If only one of them had taken that risk.
Now that Sherlock comes to think of it, all his friends seem to have made a pact to not broach the topic in any way.
“So, did you tell him?” Molly interrupted his thoughts.
John pauses. The words of the letter flicker before his eyes, seem to shake in the warm light of the sitting room until John realises it’s his hands that are trembling.
He really ought to get rid of it, maybe move it to—the other bedroom. It would free up some space, too, for… whatever he wants.
“How did he react?” asked Greg, the frown carved so deeply into his features that Sherlock doubted it would ever vanish again.
“I forgot to ask: What do you want, Sherlock? In this relationship, I mean.”
Sherlock looks genuinely offended. However, his stare forfeits some of its fierceness due to the colourful cocktail umbrella tickling his nose as he drinks. “Which parts?”
Just one way to go from here--back to Baker Street in the next chapter! I'm afraid I'll have to work again for at least the next four days so that I won't have much time to write but, after that, I've got several long train rides scheduled that all beg to be filled with hours and hours of writing :) I hope you remain patient with me and don't lose interest before the final confrontation between those stupid lovesick idiots <3
This. Is. It. The last chapter. I can't believe that I wrote more than 65.000 words in only a few months. Thank you all for sticking with me throughout this journey. Enjoy the finale :)
Sherlock and John both talk about their childhood traumas: mentions abuse, drug use, suicide.
A chuckle broke John’s lips and he gave him a half-annoyed look. “You know exactly why we need them. I haven’t been tested for a while. What about you?”
Don’t be stupid. It’s freezing cold outside. Please pick up.
“Sherlock, this is Kristen. Kristen, Sherlock,” John introduced them in a forcedly casual tone, as Rosie reached for her toy and Sherlock took her in his arms again.
“I know.” Mycroft dropped his gaze. After a beat, he added: “I trust your judgement. And I am very happy for you.”
“When you used to live here.”
Mrs Hudson’s shrill voice lifted the fog of arousal and brought John back to reality. For a second, the flat around him seemed altered and oddly confusing, like kissing Sherlock had pushed them through a wormhole into an alternate universe—one with a distinctly smoky smell to it.
“And… and Rosie?” The words tasted stale and bitter as he forced them out, not even sure how he could speak at all—there was no breath left to exit his body. It took enormous efforts to stay upright. Or had he lain down already? Was this the floor or the ceiling he stared at?
“I… might have dropped it in the Thames,” Sherlock said sheepishly and let his head hang.
Sherlock ignored her. “Family portrait. Cal’s about 14, the girl maybe 6. Who lets an eleven-year old sleep over at a friend’s house on a school night? If you ask me, those parents have no idea where their children are—either of them. Maybe they’re both just too drunk to remember or care. You should send child services over there as soon as you find the girl. Something about her…”
At the same time, John hadn’t been enjoying the days leading up to Christmas this much, well, ever. Living with Sherlock and Rosie was constant chaos but it was
Next to him, Mary’s blonde, dishevelled head still rests calmly on the pillow. John watches her through his squinted eyes as her body ebbs and flows in deep, calm breaths.
, home again.
John nodded again, biting the inside of his lip to keep the tears at bay. There had been a time when he was forced to form these words on a regular basis. After all these years, it still hurt—not like the fresh, life-changing cut it had been but like scar tissue that never healed properly and now stung even under the most sensitive of touches. Sherlock, too, blinked rapidly but stayed silent.
Sherlock’s eyes follow John as he heads down the hall. Rosie takes advantage of this momentary inattentiveness and dugs her little fists into Sherlock’s curls. He gently untangles them and, as the door to the loo shuts behind John, Sherlock rises to his feet, adjusts his grip around Rosie and quietly walks over to the window. Looking back over his shoulder to check the bathroom door is really closed, he pulls open a drawer on the little cabinet next to the desk.
“It is what it is,” he murmurs again. “It is what it is.”
Worriedly, he rose and poked his head through the door to find John kneeling in front of the toilet, still violently throwing up. Sherlock had a strong stomach usually; a prerequisite for being a detective and a scientist. He couldn’t remember the last time something had really made him sick. For goodness sake, he experimented with severed body parts as often as he could get his hands on anything from the morgue. But somehow, in an inexplicable flash of concern, seeing John on his knees, his body heaving in painful contractions, was too much for him. His whole system shut down. Sherlock could only stand in the doorway, frozen in panic, staring at his friend.
“A favour?” she asks, her worry apparently dissolving back into annoyance. “Couldn’t that’ve waited for another hour?” She doesn’t even try to stifle the following yawn.
“I’ve just been to the Beaumonts to bring them up to speed,” he told them while Molly cooed at her goddaughter. “They handled it remarkably well. I laid into them to not press any additional charges against Cal and they agreed. After all, he’s just a kid and he was their son’s boyfriend. If you ask me, they only now realised how little they knew about Jason but given the fact that he loved Cal… They’re doing what he would’ve wanted, for once. If everything goes as planned the judge will be lenient and Cal won’t do prison time.”
“Yeah. They were planning to finally run away last night before he could be implicated in Jason’s death. They just needed money. Cal’d found a pawn shop where he had brought all the other stuff, once or twice per week. Unfortunately, his parents found his secret money stash the same night that Jason died. When Cal came home to get it, everything was gone. That’s why he was desperate enough to come back for the ring. He had no other resources.”
“Have you read those texts? That’s embarrassing and I didn’t want you to get any wrong ideas. I didn’t know you would start a fight like that.”
Goosebumps spread over John’s scalp and make their way down his spine.
The ride to Baker Street takes forever and a day, giving Sherlock enough time to brood over his failed experiments and the fact that life seems to be excessively unfair as of late. Everything that once gave him joy or purpose is forsaking him and whatever Sherlock tries to stop this alarming development just doesn’t work. It’s all slipping through his fingers before his eyes.
“The way you—with the people—,” Sherlock panted, the metallic taste of utter exhaustion on his tongue. “That was— You are—” The rest of the sentence got stuck somewhere in his aching lungs as John turned around.
As he unfolds it John instantly recognises the small, scrawly handwriting.
He was on the brink of sleep when he felt soft lips press onto his forehead. Involuntarily, he held his breath, a shiver making its way down his spine. He was unable to move, unable to react. Was this really happening? A kiss on the forehead didn’t mean anything now, did it? Maybe it had just been an accident. Surely it had just been an accident. Before John could shake off his stupor, Sherlock cautiously loosened his grip and rolled onto his back. The moment was gone.
Sherlock snuggled closer again. His breathes got deeper and slower until John was sure he had fallen asleep in his arm.
The cab stops at last and Sherlock pays the cabbie. His shoulders are tense and his coat somehow weighs significantly more than usual as he climbs the two steps and opens the door to 221B.
He’s missed the bust of the Waters family for this utter shite. 18 months—18 months of overtime on bad coffee—he’s invested in the investigation, and in the final hour of triumph… Donovan is right; Now, to make matters worse, Paul Jones will get all the credit, that pompous, incompetent arsehole.
Seconds passed and John still stared up at him, his eyes slowly losing their anticipation and instead filling with doubt. Sherlock stood there, frozen solid, only the high tide of his mind violently swirling and splashing against his skull. The spindrift wetted his eyes.
Now, that he sat in the car, a peacefully sleeping Sherlock by his side and every mile bringing them a little closer to the home they shared, an almost incomprehensible amount of gratefulness and serenity flooded his veins. That his life would feel this complete again only months after Mary’s death had been unthinkable for so long.
When he returned to Sherlock’s room the younger man lay in bed again, still awake and waiting for him. “I’m sorry I woke her up,” he apologized sheepishly and John couldn’t help to think what a weird night this was indeed.
John knows that parents should love their children from the very moment they exist but, right now, in this very moment, he feels nothing but unrestrained hatred for the pile of cells which will soon grow up to bind him to a life void of danger and risk and adrenaline. It hasn’t been born yet, is barely the size of a pea, and John already feels weighed down by it, like a leaden chain closing around his throat.
Sherlock nodded, resisting the urge to close his eyes in pleasure. This featherlight touch had every nerve in his body singing with comfort. He could stay like this forever.
It’s nice.
, probably.
For a second, the urge to just grab John, to pull him and Rosie close and never let either of them go again is irresistible, burning in Sherlock’s muscles like wildfire.
Hello people still reading this,
The water hits John and presses the air out of his lungs.
(See the end of the chapter for
As the twelfth piece shattered, Sherlock heard Mrs. Hudson’s distinctive steps coming up the stairs. Her head poked through the sitting room door but shrank right back as Sherlock broke another plate by flinging it against the wall. “Sherlock? What is going on?”
Rosie patted his face in a clumsy little gesture, demanding his attention. Her bright eyes shone with all the impatience of a toddler and made his worries shift focus. He needed to get her back inside soon. All of this running and standing around in the cold couldn’t be good for a one-year-old. He’d find them a nice quiet bistro or café where they could comfortably spend the next few hours. Rosie could take a nap or make a mess out of a plate of plain pasta, and John would watch her and contemplate his next steps. Everything would work out.
“John?”
“I—,” John begins, then lets his tongue slip out to wet his lips. “You didn’t reply to my messages.”
“It’s not something I like to occupy my thoughts with. It just makes me sad and angry and I’ve got enough other things to worry about usually,” John shrugged apologetically.
Here we go again :) For your information (and in order to mentally prepare you): This is the last fluffy chapter for a while. Bumpy road ahead for our boys! So, for all of you, who enjoy some pretty heavy angst: Your wishes are about to come true in the next chapter. It will be up shortly after this one because it's already half-finished, so stay tuned :)
They made their usual route, passing Queen Mary’s Rose Gardens and the Open Air Theatre before following the banks of the Boating Lake. John knew that Sherlock had been utterly annoyed at first because Rosie seemed to need an awful lot of walks and fresh air to be content and calm. He always complained that it cost so much time to take her outside; time he could spend working on cases or experimenting while she occupied herself in the playpen. But like so many other little aspects of the life they shared, things had changed over the past two months since John had moved back into 221B Baker Street. Sherlock not only accompanied him on his walks with Rosie now but took her out for a stroll on his own almost every day, having found that fresh air and a little exercise—besides chasing criminals—boosted his mental capacities. John was careful not to rub the fact in Sherlock’s face that he was on the top of his game since he was forced to eat, sleep, and move regularly; it might have resulted in a spiteful hunger strike just to prove a point, and John thought that the tantrums of one child were enough to worry about.
Beloved wife, caring mother
“The only important thing is,” Harry continued, “that you learn from them and take responsibility for them, that you make amends.”
Sherlock languidly shifts in John’s arm, snuggling impossibly closer. “Really?”
“I left Rosie’s cuddly toy in the café,” Sherlock said, eyes wide with horror, and handed Rosie over to John. “I’ll go and get it. Be right back,” he added and dashed away before John could as much as chuckle.
Sherlock entered the sitting room with Rosie on his arm and greeted John blithely before starting to elaborate on the epiphany he had had on their walk about one of Lestrade’s current cases. He was about to hand John his daughter to rush to the yard when he met his eyes and stopped mid-sentence.
The melody is unobtrusive, private.
Nevertheless, John finds himself retreating to the hot tub or the sauna more often than he’d usually have just for the fact that his pregnant wife doesn’t want to risk anything by coming with.
“Are you bloody serious?!”
“Mrs. H, what’s the matter?”
“I’m not a police officer, Laney,” John said. Lestrade and Donovan took the hint and slowly backed off. “I’m just concerned about you and your brother. Do you think you could tell me? It’s really important that we find and help him, so you two can still go away together.”
He won’t look at the screen.
“Okay,” John said thoughtfully, “but if his condition was known, why are you consulting us? Doesn’t scream murder at me.”
“Sherlock, John,” boomed the restaurant’s owner and shook their hands vigorously, a grin lighting up his broad, bearded face, “so good to see you. How have you boys been? How’s little Rosie?”
Sherlock leaned his forehead against John’s and let out a relieved little laugh. “I love you so, so much. Both of you.”
John looked up and gave her a reassuring smile. “Do you remember whether it was closed when you came home?”
His eyes glistening with emotion as well, John rose and caught him in a tight embrace, burying his face in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, words muffled against his skin: “I love you too. So, so much.”
“Tested?”
Standing in front of him, John slowly undressed, his eyes fixed on Sherlock’s stunning features to keep his spirits up. As his button-down, followed by the vest underneath, landed on the floor, Sherlock reached out his hands in an almost awe-stricken movement as if he was about to touch an ancient piece of art that might crumble beneath his fingers. John let him roam his fingers over his stomach and up to the gnarled skin where the bullet had been dug from his shoulder, trying his best to keep his insecurities at bay. He needed to be brave for the both of them if he wanted this to work. Shuffling out of his jeans, he pulled Sherlock back to his feet.
. Sherlock accepted every truth with eyes closed until John reached his groin and planted another series of kisses to take root between the ebony hair covering his most private parts—
“Did he have any problems? At school? Any exes or anyone else who might’ve wanted to hurt him?”
“I never meant to deceive you, believe me. I just thought it would be easier if you didn’t know. Most men wouldn’t be comfortable living with another man who has feelings for them and I didn’t want you to move out because of this—this unfortunate defect.”
Finally, Donovan risked a look at the Rowley family portrait. Her eyes went wide.
Nothing to be worried about.
Sherlock watched in surprise as John held the note carefully over the flame of the candle until it caught fire. He dropped it on their empty dessert plate where it crumbled to ashes in seconds. “I don’t want you to look at that ever again. I know I can’t undo the past that easily but I will spend my present and my future making up for it. If that is what you want.”
Sherlock has just removed the tinfoil (
John’s smile deepens. “I wanted to surprise you.”
“Thanks again for taking care of her yesterday,” John said, apparently startling Sherlock out of his own thoughts.
John tightened his grip around his fiancé, ignoring the protesting sting his side gave at the movement. His fingers rubbed soothing circles onto Sherlock’s skin. “But that’s not a bad thing, love.”
She didn’t get to finish her sentence because Sherlock’s tall figure pushed past her, more carefully followed by Greg.
with these things. But if you feel
Both seemed rather dumbfounded. “Laney?” said Mrs. Rowley. “She’s… err… at a friend’s house. Sleepover.”
“It’s fun,” said Stella and tugged at Greg’s sleeve to move the group to a couple of chairs around the sofa.
Ignoring his body’s vehement complaints, he gets up. At the movement, his brain seems to tumble around in his skull, rotating around its own axis, until John feels he must grab himself by both ears to somehow steady his head.
John shakes his head in disbelief. “What are you trying to do here, man?
“If that was the case I wouldn’t give this bloody speech in the first place,” Sherlock says with contempt.
“But I want to,” she interjected, an unusual firmness in her voice. She stepped closer to Greg, who was still bouncing the little girl on his lap, and gently brushed her hand over the nape of his neck. He raised his gaze at her and Sherlock cringed a little at the thought that he most likely had the same smitten smile plastered on his face when he looked at John. The London murderers would probably rejoice if they knew that half of the team hunting them down was currently very busy being in love with each other.
He handed Sherlock Rosie’s plush elephant, his heart as full as his stomach.
Sherlock is still not sure he isn’t dreaming.
Their lips meet and it’s wet and clumsy and glorious. Sherlock sinks into it, giving himself over to the one person he trusts. All worries, all his fears and doubts explode in a firework of colours, a big bang of creation, every fibre of his being born anew under John’s lips.
, a nasty little voice whispers in his ear,
“And you’ve done a marvellous job, I think,” Sherlock chuckled, the sound vibrating from his chest right into John’s skin, filling him with honey-sweet content. “I’ll reckon it’ll be fully functional for some more fun tomorrow if you’re up to it.”
“God, Sherlock, I’m sorry… I thought you’d—,” was all John got out before Sherlock pushed him up the second step and against the front door of 221B. Wrapping one arm around his waist, the other hand finding the nape of his neck under snow-wetted hair, Sherlock pressed their lips back together. John, mirroring his motion, buried his fingers in dark curls and pulled him closer, the softness yielding to almost desperate passion now. Teeth grazed Sherlock’s bottom lip and he pliantly let it drop to allow John access. A hot tongue met his own, tasting, exploring. And Sherlock’s mind fell silent again, coming undone under John’s kisses.
“So, good?” Sherlock asked, needing a definite affirmation that he hadn’t ruined Christmas with this idea of his.
Even as Sherlock’s fingers on the guitar abate in their fervour, John still feels the aftershock trembling through his body.
Both violently giggling, they turned a corner and nearly bumped into another couple. Apologizing through his snicker, John grabbed Sherlock’s hand a little tighter and pulled him past the two and back to his side.
anything for me, please listen to
I dedicate this to
. The sting in Sherlock’s chest deepened into a gash, bleeding hot venom.
“Why wouldn’t it be?”
“I want to be more than the man you thought you’d married. Because you are gone now. And you left me a message. Do you remember? I want to fulfil your last wish. I want to be worthy of his love. Be better, braver, kinder.”
Alone with his thoughts again, Sherlock rummaged through his wallet, counting the cash. He usually didn’t carry a lot of money around and, tonight, he found only twenty pounds and some small change. In hindsight, throwing his phone away had been a bad idea. He could’ve traded it for drugs.
“Oh, so you’re—“, Kristen began, eyeing Sherlock over.
“Okay. That’s… good. You’re right. No more secrets. I promise, you can ask me anything and I’ll be honest with you.” John squeezed his hand encouragingly.
“Don’t you think we should tell Greg? He’s already so pissed at us.”
“So, that’s where you went,” John exclaimed in a chuckle. He should’ve guessed it: Whenever he and Sherlock fell out, Molly was the one person Sherlock called on to complain. “Well, they could’ve at least called me to let me know you were alive and hadn’t jumped off a bridge or something,” he added mock-grumpily. In his amusement, John almost missed the pained and distinctly guilty expression on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock props himself up on his elbows and meets John’s eyes. A grin spreads on his face. “Lay it on me.”
If only it would just go away, if only…
Mycroft met Sherlock’s eyes and straightened his posture, visibly suppressing a smile. “I’d be honoured.”
“Already did,” John said innocently. “He’s waiting for us at the Yard.”
John pinned him down with his eyes, coming closer, closer. “And now I’m gonna love you.”
“No, John, I mean…,” Sherlock quickly added at the sight of John’s annoyance. “Clients offer to pay me all the time and I mostly refuse because I don’t depend on it but if you wanted to quit your job it would be no problem to provide a stable income that way. You are indispensable for the work and should be reimbursed accordingly. I’m sure it would allow for a comfortable living.”
Against all odds, the best man speech is not a total train wreck—at least for Sherlock’s standards. Well, of course, he manages to insult most of his audience and demonstrates how socially awkward and unpleasant he can be, but his words are also heartfelt and full of genuine adoration for John, moving most of the other guests to tears.
“They tortured you.”
Sherlock shot John a dumbfounded look but Angelo simply beamed and nodded enthusiastically. “Of course, anything for Sherlock and his friends.”
“I want this more than anything I’ve ever wanted,” John tried to intercept his destructive thoughts. “Look at me: I’m dangerously close to just grabbing and devouring you on the spot, whether you like it or not.” Sherlock’s eyes sparkled mischievously at his words, so John hurried to add: “I just don’t want you to do anything you’ll regret. We can take things slow. We’ve got time now. It’s my first time with a man, too. I’m as much at a loss as you are. Don’t you think it best if we just take it one step at a time?”
This confirms it. Greg has made the right decision. If John had seen that video… The consequences would have been unpredictable. It was the right call to hold Sherlock back. Best if John never finds out.
“You know, you could tell me now,” he proposes tentatively, his fingers toying with the golden hair on John’s chest. “What you wanted to say.”
Mary chortles at his concerned face. “He’ll be alright, I’m sure. You’ve heard him at the wedding. He knows that things will change. And you can still do stuff.”
He caught John’s eyes and grinned as the five of them settled around the table. Mrs. Hudson set down the cake and Greg began to light the candles while John opened a bottle of champagne. Sherlock was just about to bring Rosie down to join the festivities and have her first bite of cake when another knock called for his attention. When he opened the door, a tall figure stepped into the flat.
The very second John raised up on his toes towards him, Sherlock said: “We should hurry to get home.” The next moment, his devotion-fogged mind caught up to the visual input but it was already too late.
“Sherlock, hey, Sherlock! Sherlock, wake up, for God’s sake,
“You do?”
Sherlock meets his gaze. Something in his face is decidedly cut off, like a concrete wall being build right in front of his eyes. “I won’t talk about the stag night. Period,” he snaps.
“Mostly good ones though, I hope.”
This is worse, so much worse than he could’ve imagined.
The final result definitely made up for all the inconveniences endured earlier. With Rosie cuddled up against him, Sherlock sat down on the sofa and examined the flat. Overall, it already resembled some of the pictures he had seen online but, surely, more could be done to prepare 221B for a perfect Christmas.
John just has to get it over with. It won’t be that bad. It’s not like they won’t spend time together anymore. He’ll make sure to find a place as close by as possible so that Sherlock can see Rosie whenever he pleases. He can’t separate them, not after everything Sherlock has done for them.
“Not to sound like the worst godfather ever but do you have to? I mean, right away?”
“He’s definitely not here,” Sherlock warbled, his hands behind his back, as they reached the Rowley’s flat.
“I know.”
At the mention of Sherlock, John’s thoughts tumble over each other.
Sherlock loves him.
To Sherlock’s surprise, John rises to his feet, some inner lightning illuminating his dark-blue eyes. “You knew you loved me then and yet you let me grieve your death for two years?!”
Sherlock had always craved this dynamic, this side of John—strong and determined, not a loyal foot soldier but a man in command. Every glimpse of it over the past years had kicked his imagination into high gear. This was one of the rare cases in which reality was even better.
would be absolutely fantastic. As always, Sherlock’s logic was hard to refute.
For the first time now, he had been able to release it, to let it soar, freed from the chains of denial, and express it to the world: his love for John. Their music could fill acres and acres of staff paper.
Sherlock halted mid-munch. He hadn’t known that John cared about such old-fashioned traditions. But then again, he was a romantic. “What else are you supposed to do?”
“This isn’t your fault, Sherlock,” the DI said, his soothing voice piercing Sherlock’s ears like red-hot needles. “Stop beating yourself up. Neither of us saw that coming.”
John cranes his neck, angles Sherlock’s head with gentle movements and invites him in. As their tongues touch, lightning strikes in Sherlock’s mind, eradicating every thought other than the taste of John.
Somewhere in the back of his head, he noticed that a new song had begun but he had a hard time naming it—although it was from his own playlist. But it didn’t really matter now, did it? Not when he was kissing Sherlock Holmes, the most brilliant and beautiful man on earth, in the serenity of the early morning, the first morning of many yet to come.
before even going on a few dates.”
This chapter's song is (a classic get-laid-song):
John’s face lit up at the sight and Sherlock knew that he would never need anything ever again if he could just have this moment for eternity, these few precious heartbeats in which John Watson looked at him like this.
They bore into his own with such intensity, with an irresistible, gravitational force pulling Sherlock into his orbit.
He looked positively horrified in the face of his assumed blunder and John couldn’t help but scoot closer and cup his jaw gently. Rosie seized the opportunity to grabble at John’s face in return, making the three of them form a close circle of holding and being held.
“Not really. But I’m sure Jason’s phone or computer will yield something. And I’m convinced his death was accidental, not premeditated.”
Sherlock only stared at him, his mouth opening but not a single word coming out. His eyes shifted over to John, a pleading expression guttering in their depths.
John smiled back but the lines around his mouth got a little tighter. “Yeah, no, that’s not what I meant.”
John looks at him, his eyes filling with anxious disbelief. “Yes but—”
to you,
On one of these yellow brick roads, Greg, John, and Sherlock came balancing over to the crime scene. Their destination, shielded by a curtain of tarp, didn’t hold any grandeur or wonder though. It was just a bit of muddy ground behind a garden shed, a rather dismal place to die. Sherlock swallowed against an unfamiliar lump in his throat.
. Images came rushing back to him:
Quickly, he steps back inside and closes the door as quietly as he can. The last thing he needs right now is Mary asking if someone was at the door and having to come up with some innocuous lie.
He blinked rapidly at John who, in return, gave him a slightly concerned look and placed a tender hand on Sherlock’s forearm. His muscles twitched involuntarily under the touch, making John retreat his comforting fingers in an instant. Sherlock winced even more at the loss of warmth on his arm and reached suppliantly for John’s hand—in vain. At this very moment, Angelo’s chunky figure approaching their table attracted John’s attention.
The helicopter draws closer, billowing the curtains. Greg closes his eyes.
“Alright. You won’t try again? Do I need to call someone?” The man seemed trapped between his genuine concern and the waxing chorus of horns that urged him to move his car.
Sherlock shook his head, reluctantly meeting John’s incredulous eyes and preparing himself for the inevitable rejection or mockery that had to follow such a confession. A grown man who didn’t masturbate, who didn’t even know how to please himself, let alone someone else? How would anyone want to be with someone as inexperienced as this?
“I’m not gonna fall for that.” Cal’s voice rose to hysteric heights. “How stupid do you think I am?!”
John’s tongue darts out again. “Greg came round the other morning and gave me a DVD. He said you had meant to show me before the wedding.”
He’s a decent man. He would never put John through this without good reason. And going by the way he looked, he had pondered whether to come here diligently.
Sherlock just shrugged and raised his upper body from the sofa. Usually, they would both go to bed at the same time, since neither of them would fall into deep sleep anyway unless they lay next to each other. Sherlock would never admit it but the adoption of John’s regular sleeping pattern had significantly improved his own well-being, just as the fact that John made sure he ate enough. Tonight, however, a strange resistance stirred in Sherlock at the thought of laying down next to him.
Visiting the morgue didn’t produce anything Sherlock hadn’t already firmly suspected. The only novelty consisted of Greg and Molly’s frankly troubling behaviour now that they were a couple. As happy as Sherlock was for them, as glad as he was that they had found each other, the two people in his life who had looked for love in all the wrong places—it was hard to be around them, to say the least.
“Could you describe Jason’s social life?” John continued. “His friends? Did he have a girlfriend? A boyfriend? Anyone he was particularly close with?”
John knows there are enough couples their age who just aren’t that careful anymore, leaving it to chance or fate or whatever to tell them when to start a family.
Sia, Fire Meet Gasoline.
“We’ll still need all information regarding his conviction and community service, Sir,” Greg insisted, shooting Sherlock a look.
And walking is definitely not an option.
“He wasn’t.”
Instead, he lets his gaze roam around the room. There must be something here to busy his brain with.
He was just about to remove the IV when the door opened and a nurse stuck her face into the room.
Cautiously, Sherlock moved his fingers across the table until they hovered over John’s. As skin sank onto skin, a familiar electrifying titillation spread through Sherlock’s veins but, this time, he didn’t wince. Instead, his whole body melted into the feeling of John’s warm hand beneath his, muscles relaxing, air escaping his lungs in a satisfied sigh.
No, he can’t go on like this, having only bits and pieces, the odd afternoon and a case now and then. Rosie is growing up and the thought that he could be nothing but a peripheral spectator makes Sherlock’s stomach clench painfully.
“What were you thinking about then?” Sherlock asked, his voice now distinctly drowsy. John began massaging his scalp, extricating a content sigh.
“Yes, but there’ll be pictures she’ll look at when she’s older. And early impressions are incredibly powerful in shaping children’s bonds and attitudes, John,” Sherlock replied with a frustrated and openly worried tone before he closed the gap between them with one elegant step and let Rosie grip one of his slender fingers.
This chapter is rather short but I hope you'll still enjoy it.
“Just shut up, you arse,” John chuckled quietly and rested his head on the comfy pillow. If Sherlock replied, he didn’t hear it anymore. The exhaustion had already overcome him.
John knows that and he’s not only learned to live with it but to enjoy it.
I just couldn't resist including the Johnlock hug because it's honestly the best thing that came of series 4... Let me know what you think of the ending! And especially if you'd be interested in a little (well, I say little) one-shot about the whole confronting Mary scenario and/or some sexy time between these two idiots. I didn't want to include any smut in this but I'm easily convinced to write some ;)
“I think you knew it, somewhere deep inside, ever since that day you dragged me home from Aaron Spencer’s house, you know, the little white one on Holland Road. Do you remember? I’ll never forget and, fuck, I tried to. I got my first kiss that day, in Aaron’s garden, behind the pear tree. You came to pick me up and found us all sitting there. We played spin-the-bottle as soon as we had finished our first bottle of cider, Aaron, Lisa, Edith, and I. Edith had nicked a few from her sister and we giggled and felt so grown-up. You must’ve seen me kiss Aaron. It wasn’t just a quick peck but a real kiss. And I was over the moon until you showed up. When we came home that night, you told me how disgusted you were, how disappointed Mom would’ve been. And you hit me for the first time. It had always been Harry’s head on the line until then. She had always been the one that brought shame upon our family, as you used to call it. Even after she had left, you’d never lain a finger on me, till that day.”
Fury distorted Cal’s face. He raised the gun again, hectically pointing it at John. “No fucking way! You listen to me: You’ll let me walk out of here or I swear to God— I’ll shoot you both!”
His life, the version he has just gotten back, is over again.
“All I could see was someone’s son, John. Just a kid,” Sherlock’s voice finally fell into John’s lap, a small, fragile thing trying to crawl back into the darkness it had come from.
John’s brows cast deep shadows over his eyes. “We’ve already looked. There wasn’t anywhere he could’ve gone.”
The words rolled from her tongue like the most natural thing in the world. Hadn’t it been just 48 hours since she and Greg had danced in that club?
He’s lived most of his adult life without anything else filling his days. It’s always been the Work that defined him.
“You go ahead,” Sherlock said, turning to the garden gate where the forensics team was just finishing up. “I’ve just got to run back quickly, I think I dropped my magnifier. We’ll follow in a cab.”
Maybe he’s just dropped her off at Mrs Hudson’s for whatever reason. Sherlock finds that hard to believe.
Our journey is drawing to a close. One more chapter full of fluff lies ahead! :) And the sequel is already in the making if you are interested!
Until now.
Hello everyone,
“Right.”
Lestrade and Donovan exchanged a look. “Where is he then?”
Apparently, Ethan had been out for his morning swim, something he did even in bleak winter, and not returned. Upon finding the body, everyone had suspected that he had drowned—a tragedy, surely, but nothing that the area hadn’t seen before. A more thorough examination, however, overturned this calming hypothesis: There was no water in Ethan’s lungs. He had been dead before he was put in the ocean. It was murder.
James Bay, Need the Sun to Break.
“You quit? Does that mean what I think it means?” Sherlock asked, hope fluttering in his voice.
. Sherlock drew in a harsh breath and John came up to his face again, cupping it with loyal hands. He found the pale irises fogged up with a layer of tears.
Seconds stretched into a lifetime as the two men rocked back and forth, conjoined only by their fingers and years of longing. The beat spiralled into a frenzy, a choir echoing in the distance, and John grabbed his other hand. Hot jolts of electricity spread from the skin he touched through Sherlock’s limbs. He was sure that red marks would remain where John’s body bordered on his. The bass dropped and John raised their intertwined fingers up into the air, animating Sherlock to move along with him. He gave in to his wishes. How could he not?
“Just his flatmate. And his blogger,” said John, determined to get back at Lestrade the next time he saw him.
“If we were to have another child, hypothetically,” Sherlock asked, carefully guarding his emotions, “how would you like to go about it? I love you very much but I doubt that’s enough to get either of us pregnant.”
But that’s not all Sherlock thinks about.
“Going home.”
be so urgent?” Sherlock crosses his legs and fixates John again.
“I’m trying,” John replied calmly. “I’d do anything.”
“Happy New Year, Sherlock,” John said, his voice so quiet that Sherlock doubted anyone but him could hear it. Warm fingers wrapped around his wrist and gave it a little squeeze. Once more, John knew exactly what Sherlock needed.
“Not particularly,” Sherlock admits with a lopsided smile.
“I know your reasons and I told you: I’m open to the thought but I need some more time to think about it, weigh up the pros and cons, you know.”
They hadn’t talked about it, of course. And now that Mary was dead the conversation seemed, paradoxically, even more out of the question. Her death had sealed their fate and their lips alike, presumably forever. Some things simply had to stay unspoken, unseen, unfulfilled.
“Changed your mind then, have you? Earlier, you literally begged me to help you,” he says, trying to keep his temper at bay.
The last note of the song hangs unfinished under the ceiling of their home as John crosses the sitting room with three swift steps, takes Sherlock’s face in his hands, and shuts him up with a long overdue kiss.
). In a way that takes Sherlock back to his early childhood, he finds that warm, homemade food can be remarkably comforting.
This chapter's song is:
For once, it’s quiet enough again for Sherlock to hear himself think. And he’s not sure that’s a good thing.
,” Sherlock said, spitting the word like a curse, as he emerged from the bedroom and buttoned up his aubergine shirt. “We’ve already spent Christmas with those people.”
“John, Greg, get a real drink. It’s not fair if you’re only drinking beer while the rest of us is having booze,” giggled Stella and Sherlock bit his lips to suppress the comment that already lay on his tongue. He really didn’t want to rub someone off the wrong way. John would be so mad at him if he behaved badly tonight. And… he wanted to attend a party like this at least once without being asked to leave because he upset or insulted anyone by accident. In his few years at university, he had never managed that, no matter how hard he had tried.
“John. Pleased to meet you.”
“I don’t feel so good, I think I might be—,” John began but the rest of the sentence was lost because he sprang from the bed and rushed into the bathroom. Seconds later, Sherlock heard a nasty combination of gagging and splashing sounds.
Greg wasn’t the only one working late. Sherlock spotted Sergeant Donovan hunched over her desk, arguing with someone on the phone. Her already thin patience was visibly running out as she spat out the words in rapid succession, only interrupting her call to carpet the detective next to her for not keeping it down while interviewing a runaway. The other cop—
The small hotel they planned on staying at had barely opened when their car pulled up on the parking space in front. With its picturesque whitewashed stone walls and grey window shutters, it fit perfectly into the scenic coastal landscape. Sherlock had booked it and John couldn’t help but chuckle, half amused, half exasperated, at the thought that he had accidentally chosen the single most romantic destination for a short getaway he could find. God, people would talk.
He knew that his wife had always wanted him to be happy. And that this happiness was to include Sherlock had been made very clear by her last video message. “I know you two. And if I’m gone, I know what you could become,” echoed her words through John’s head. Naturally, he had interpreted this line as a warning upon first hearing it, a warning that he and Sherlock might drift into the dark territory of grief and guilt and get lost in the fog. Over the past few weeks, however, the words had changed meaning for John. Mary had known him so well, even better than he knew himself, he suspected. Maybe her last outreach to him had not only been a prompt to keep working with Sherlock. Maybe she had seen something John had not allowed to even think about, especially not mere months after losing his wife. Maybe she had believed that Sherlock and John could become something… more.
. Sherlock bit his lip. Did he know? Had he finally caught on to him, after all these years?
Mycroft closed the door behind him and, immediately, Sherlock turned around and asked: “What are you doing here? Picking up some of your stuff?” His voice had gained back some of the cold indifference he used on boring clients.
“Never have I ever had a one night stand,” said Molly. Marcus, Greg, Stella, John, and Tara drank.
“I know. That went on for the whole evening.”
An hour later, Katie picked up Ethan’s biology teacher, Ms. Brower, a redhaired woman around thirty with an aura of sensibility and vulnerability that made John’s stomach clench with his natural protective instincts. This couldn’t possibly be a cold-blooded killer. But in the interrogation, she broke down and confessed to strangling Ethan. They had had an affair since the summer vacation but Ethan was about to break it off. In a fit of rage, she had killed the boy.
And, yet, he knows he shouldn’t be this worried. They’re both in their thirties, they’re married, they’re financially stable. There is no reason to have this giant weight on his chest whenever his thoughts cross the subject.
Sherlock lets his eyes roam between them, relishing in the feeling of belonging amidst these wonderful people, until his gaze falls onto the man next to him.
John sighed. “Damn, I forgot the milk.”
As usual, John thinks grimly and presses the toothpaste so forcefully that a large share misses his brush and lands in the sink.
Sherlock shook his head. “There must’ve been. I’m sure.”
. He had often noticed that the consulting detective tended to use it as a substitute for “
Without another word, he left the flat, John, Lestrade, and Donovan closely following behind.
Sherlock cocked his head, his eyes warm and now almost as worried as John’s. “You’re still restraining yourself? Because you’re afraid to hurt me?”
45 minutes into the conversation, Greg joined them with Molly in tow. Among those familiar faces, Sherlock began to relax a little. Then again, it might have been the vodka. His second cup of John’s mixture was already half-empty and a cosy warmth saturated his insides.
