John should do anything other than lace his fingers through Sherlock's hand. Not-Sherlock. Then again, he had just finished a very detailed research study on heat. With some promising research implications.
Sherlock took off at a run. John almost sprinted after him, but Sherlock could take care of himself. He reminded himself that he had ample evidence of that over the years.
All because of the Bakerstreet. Because Hudson had betrayed everything Section 31 stood to protect.
John lay against Sherlock thinking. He looked at Sherlock, who said slowly, "Mollyhoo sad. Sarabeth sad. Sarpeidon hurt. I fix." Then even more softly. "Love you." John felt a surge of love for Sherlock and knew he was right. There was only one way to heal the others. Fix what had been done to them.
The alpha was small, but well fed. She'd retained a silver ring on her left hand. Her muscles were sleek and firm. He did not trust her wide eyes full of tears. From the way the dirt was rubbed into her knees and hands, she'd gone into the pit deliberately.
Sherlock fell to his knees. Blows coming to his back and head.
John knew how they felt.
"Yeah," said John, who kicked the wall. Yelled inarticulately and threw a metal tray across the room.
He had a spray bottle and no phaser, because the armory was child-locked, which generally he thought was a good thing, but maybe he needed to keep a phaser hidden under his bed. Another in sickbay. Something to think about if he got out of this.
Chin Singh followed Victor immediately.
Unfortunately, as he got there, he found Lurin and Nom, who were far from seeming blissed out on pollen. Lurin shouted, "My profits! All gone and nothing but debt for these useless Klingons." He was holding a disintegrator that was pointed at a dusty and bedraggled Sherlock.
Ishros swallowed and nodded, as he was shoved out the door by the Klingon.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock wrapped his arms around himself. This had been their best chance. "No."
"How unfortunate our psychic sister gave me brain damage, which you have yet to explain. In any case," Sherlock found himself wanting to argue with his parents in absentia. "They want to pick someone to rule a vast empire of a few hundred Augments and whomever you can manage to kidnap," said Sherlock sarcastically. "How jolly."
She sent back, "Not well." And got an immediate response. "Khel and I are coming over. You select the stupid child inappropriate Human entertainment to expose us to." Lucy smiled at the monitor.
John tapped next to his eyes to indicate her eye color. "You changed your eye color while on board, which was smart. You changed your face. I've looked at pictures of the real Soo-Lin Yao. You look nothing like her. So if you didn't change your face to look like her, what's left is you changed it to not look like yourself. Which fine, that last bit was Sherlock ranting at me after all I told him about the differences in your appearance. After he heard you went to the other bird of prey on Ligos VII, but didn't take off your helmet when talking to us. Not that Mycroft was any help explaining things."
Now, off to Maiwand.
"I am the Captain. I have a responsibility to check on our guest." Sherlock's body, Wilkes, came closer.
"That's wonderful," said Shroleb. "You deserve it and don't you dare tell me you don't."
Benjamin put his cup aside. "You mentioned Commander Holmes a few times talking about your family."
The Officer's lounge on the base was fine. The food was fine.
"Well, aren't you?" said Fenrir. Her voice low and hard. It wasn't really a question. "You're a body birth from the twenty-first century from before everything got ruined. You've got. Augmented hearing. Reflexes. You're stronger than any of us. Ms. Melusine showed us your gene scans. You're mostly Augment Superior. You escaped Colonel Green's reeducation camp in Namur. That's where they experimented on Augments with augmented healing. Ms. Melusine had us study Colonel Green's atrocities all last week."
Martha had no idea what was going on.
Prince Sparkles said, "Isn't this just exciting. Randomly manipulating machinery we know nothing about on the word of a woman none of us knows."
"Let him finish," Connor said, putting his hand over Fenrir's. She stared at him. He pulled back his hand suddenly worried that he'd done something wrong. She sniffed her hand. Which had him tucking his hands under his arms uncomfortably.
It had made John think at the time about a story his father used to tell about a magic pig that could be harvested every night for its meat and it would revive the next day. Harry had loved the idea of endless bacon. But his father, always so quiet and serious when not on the stage, had pointed out that the pig had to endure the endless harvest. That it seemed easy to make a choice if the cost was someone else’s life. That hard choices could be incredibly seductive, but they ate at a soul. They were sort of thing that left scars.
"But," gritted out John, "You can sell me for a profit and um… Daddy is a really hard worker. Isn't letting us die against the rules of acquisition?"
He peed blood once or twice. He knew Sherlock could scent it. But there was nothing they could do, but make love. Heal what they could. Wait.
It cracked, slicing open his thumb. He hissed. Sherlock was next to him in an instant.
So much for Sherlock's idea that his parents had never had sex. This wasn't even that private.
Connor said quietly, "Mummy, we have to go help Ms. Hudson. If Ms. Hebron took the Bakerstreet out of range, someone may be coming to help the Ferengi. We need to help Ms. Hudson take control of the other ship before they get here."
Still John's weary sigh was clearly Sherlock's clue to sit next to him. Tell him, "I couldn't help but overhear your conversation. I have a proposition for you."
Quote from "Much Ado About Nothing".
He examined the cliff. Bright moon. Climbed before.
Sherlock could not more have resisted pushing up to his mate's delighted moans than he could have stopped breathing. Stopped the moon.
"Yes, the food. We're here for the food," said Bashir. "That is why I came along. Oh, hey, your cane, you're not using it. And you're umm… certainly cutting that fish with no dexterity problems. No more hand tremor. Were you able to find a therapy that you responded to?"
He, of course, sent communiques for major holidays and birthdays, and tried to chat with his parents once a month outside of that, but saying that sort of thing over an open channel had always seemed like a bad idea.
Bihr had kept silent. They weren't talking about when they'd met Bihr. They had not had a ceremony. There had been no tests. Bihr had given up on any sort of match. Had been an young adult who'd already been accepted at Starfleet Academy.
That's why (from a Doylistic perspective) that Lucy was also changed. She was my control so Sherlock and John could so quickly get to the realization that John had an undocumented genetic trait. It just as easily could have been Sh'Alaack, but that wouldn't have gotten me my control character.
"I think they used a Federation type two phaser on the highest setting," said Dr. Bashir, "but I'd need better equipment to tell."
"Shrilaas and Keraas," said ringless Watson.
She tried to force herself to move. To do more than lay there panting. Pain radiating from where the bones poked at her skin. It was a bad break. Spiral fracture based on experience and confirmed by the readout on her medical tricorder.
John tried not to think about what would be happening in five days. Technically, he had two weeks leave. But he was scheduled to go in about halfway through to report to the Personnel Office in San Francisco to get his orders for his next assignment.
Billy said, quite honestly, "I don't know anything." His only hope was that when he broke down, they'd believe him because they'd had to work at it.
Someone dropped a pot holding a covered candle. Flames bloomed in grease spilled from a pot and spread to the dry grass mats. Kenner was lying open eyed and dead on the ground amid the flames.
From their bird's flight view, he could see the rise that led into the next valley. He saw brilliant yellow light spread out like feathers on a wing.
"Yes." A quicksand conversation. Bihr itched take back the tricorder. But at least the child hadn't repeated their first question.
John could not resist. He pulled Sherlock's fingers out of his mouth. "He wouldn't have been naughty if his Sugar Daddy hadn't ignored him."
"I think he left before Ti-Lia of the 1st Alignment arrived on Terra."
Sarabeth said, "And I can't be the only one who has noticed that since we reached three alphas in the caves, there haven't been any more attacks."
He took risks.
But no one had expected the loss of the Seventh fleet. Least of all the admiral commanding it. The Tyra system lost. Starbases 436 and 437 captured.
Nothing happened.
Sherlock shook himself and pushed himself to his feet. Made it into the cold room just as the alpha was crawling through the low entrance into their nest.
The words they were expressing certainly weren't to her liking.
"Does it matter if we have no way to steer the ship," said Brown Sparkles.
Since Connor's juvenile heat syndrome had burst into sudden bloom a few weeks after they'd arrived, Billy's life had revolved around caring for Connor.
https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Sehlat
"I…" John trailed off. Looked down at their joined hands. "I do want it."
Connor pulled up the city map, and they learned what there was to know about Beta Aurigae, which as it turned out wasn't much. There wasn't much about its history in Federation databases.
Getting a sample of Sherlock's semen wasn't exactly difficult under the circumstances, but certainly necessary if John was going to understand what was going on.
He directed John into the water filtration station on level 16 near a cluster of possible sites after he'd done some suitable experiments.
"Do you think we'll ever be old enough? Know enough to get their respect." He considered the wall. "They wouldn't even let me attempt to save Thil and Shor from the Salt Creature."
Sherlock struggled to find some stable ground. "You're incredibly easy to impress."
"Right through here." Frankland motioned him through a wide set of doors. The room looked like the most abstract idea of theater set John had ever seen. No chairs for the audience. A small raised stage with seats attached to the floor facing each other. Something from a sort of two person show that was all dialog and no action.
Hudson crossed her arms, which only emphasized the non-standard uniform she was wearing. "Telepathy is not a prerequisite to command. Now if you'll excuse me, I have work to do." She got up and sashayed her way into the ready room, which was just wrong.
Sherlock left.
"He could be a child soldier," said Prince Sparkles.
He stopped her there.
The moment Sherlock had seen John, the only Augment his own age, John had been the only one for him. Furious and wild. Stalking up to yank the collar from Sherlock's hand. An angry hand that shoved him back, which turned into furious grappling that had the palace reformatting around them to give them privacy. The world shrinking until it had felt there was just the two of them moving like one in the act that made twenty-three. Only six survived gestation, but still it had been transformative.
He didn't realize that he'd been crying until Sherlock and John, naked and looking a bit like Robinson Caruso towards the end of his time on the island, tumbled out of the Atavachron's energy field. They fell to the tiled floor and vomited.
The earliest known beer recipe
Her expression was so serious it took Connor a moment before he couldn't help but laugh. "Sorry, it's just if you're Augment Inferiors that means you're A.I.s, which is pretty amazing. I know an AI and he can do almost anything. Although, I've met a lot of AIs that tried to destroy the ship. And," he emphasized that last word and raised his index finger, because John said the delivery of a joke was important, "that would make Ms. Melusine an A.S."
"And how could you possibly know that unless you were involved?" asked Killander.
Mycroft, with the long suffering sigh of an eternally old teenager, said, "Where are your tutors? You should be at your studies. Not running around the halls unsupervised."
He was in that state of mind when Hudson called the bridge crew to the ready room for an emergency briefing from Starfleet Command.
This was not the plan that Mycroft had given her. He'd spent a great deal of time strategizing her run over the last few weeks. Admittedly, he'd been the one to convince her parents that she should participate for the advantage of their alignment. The winner's alignment was credited one hundred in genetic trade at the next Meiosis. Not that the 23
Sherlock paused. "Mycroft, are you the reason the Bakerstreet was ordered to return to Earth for our reassignments?"
John's hands curled into fists. "So, what changed?"
Ion propulsion was purely theoretical, and yet there it was. A ship traveling at Warp 9.6 in their direction. It was why he was torn when the lift opened, and John came onto the bridge with an anal plug inserted – the Andorian from the way he was walking. Eros, love come calling. John grinned at him as if to say, "What is it?" As if to say, "I want to be in on the adventure too."
Shrilaas and Keraass were both too young to participate in the Day of the Ancestors' rituals. They were delighted to be distracted by the symbols of the four genders: star, soil, water, and fire.
"That can't possibly be real," protested Amazing Sparkles.
Then his own interruption.
"Now you sound like a Tamarian," said Lestrade, but he agreed to increase security.
She reminded herself to focus on physics. To focus on the individual she wanted to be. Free of painful memories. To focus on the tangible.
The spell.
"Because she's attractive," said Harry, "I could say that that's more than I can say for John, but," she waved at herself, feeling good to finally have her silver ring back, "obviously, we're stunning."
"It doesn't matter. That's not why we're here," said Sarabeth.
"You have to think about it," said Lucy, her brow wrinkling. "Why? He's in love with you. You're in love with him. It'll stick it to the Normals trying to push you out of Starfleet. You'll go on having adventures on the Bakerstreet."
"Oh, oh." She held a hand against her chest. "Really. Um…pathogenic gonadotropic symbiosis."
He did not include it in their rotation in the holodeck. Fine, he did.
All he could do was spread his legs, and tentatively stroke his own aching erection, before he received a stern command. "Don't," said his stern but kind Master, "I don't want you to touch yourself. That's no test."
"By taking them from their families," said Billy. "I've met John's mother. His cousins. My cousins. That's how family should meet."
Chin shook her head. "As long as you're in Starfleet and with the Federation then you're not with us."
Owen snapped his fingers and the guards slammed the butts of their spears on the floor. They shouted, "Sir!"
There were growls in the nesting chamber.
Donovan said, "We're not grups. We're from the Federation. Do you know what that is? What happened here? Are you a grup?"
"I don't know anyone with that name," said Mycroft.
He thought about a play John had dragged him to on Aural V,
John freed himself. Moved closer. Wrapped the cloth around both their cocks. John's hands. Breath. Lips. Air. Velvet coverlet at his back. Silk at his front.
One thick delicious thing.
Harry uncurled John's fingers as he removed John's wedding ring. Harry whispered, "I missed you when you went away. To school. To the academy. I didn't let them take that from me." John stared at Harry imploringly. Uncertain of how to even stop what was happening.
John found the holographic doctors already clearing debris and placing the wounded on biobeds. He and the sentient medical staff spent the next nineteen hours patching together the broken bodies, using everything they'd learned over the years to save lives.
Tertius, the first Tertius, the one they lost at eleven weeks and ten days was Sherlock's fault. He shouldn't have wanted to see John when he gave birth to Secundus. Shouldn't have handcuffed himself inside a hidden wall he'd hacked into the palace code so he could be there. Shouldn't have broken the cuffs to creep out to hold John when he was crying after the holo doctors left him to rest with a set of postpartum dildos.
"You won't have to get used to it," said Sherlock firmly, "I will fix this."
"Benjamin, as you may remember, our ship has more Augments than um… most," said Lucy, peeking from behind the other crew members, pushing her stroller with a sleepy Eva in it. "Not that I want to push a family connection, but, well, you're a parent. You know."
John stood up and suggested the children play the flag game, the point of which was to wave pieces of cloth around so the Ferengi didn't see Hudson pull the child proofed cover off the opening to the Jeffries tube cover and set Cecile off on her mission.
Julian said, "I'll want to examine each of you, but based on your relative maturation, I'd place your current age at fourteen to fifteen."
Sherlock grinned at John. It was going to be fine.
Sherlock ignored her.
For now, he left it were it was.
Their destination was carefully shielded from the radiation for a variety of reasons.
He didn't care.
"I want you to breath for me."
"Your service has been noted and will be rewarded." Brittanus swept off leaving John and Noonian to stare at each other.
"It's complicated," said Chin weakly.
Even as he lay on his back thrusting up into the omega, he couldn't resist the urge to lean up and nip at his mate's neck. Already ringed with his marks.
"Show me." Sherlock's smile was infectious. Full of delight. Like a sparkling sea. "I want to see them."
Fortunately, Stonn appeared willing to listen to this reasoning. "That is logical, but we must do something. Sestre and Connor could be in danger."
Sherlock's systems were shutting down.
For a moment, just a moment, he wondered what the future would be like if he could somehow reconcile Euros with her siblings. Was caught up in a pretty idea of what it might be like if they could not only they prevent Sherlock's death as a child, but stop whatever it was that had so harmed him. Maybe stop the isolation that had left Sherlock so touch deprived when they'd met.
Supersmart cleared his throat. Attempting not to think too long about that wink. "We appear to have retained our skills. Operating the lift. Walking. Understanding that there is such a thing as a computer exists for us to try to log into. I'd postulate that these are skills and knowledge that have been repeated so frequently that there is a level of cognitive resonance that is beyond active cognition." He sighed, disliking proposing a theory before he had the evidence to back it up. Still, if individuals could be encouraged to attempt activities, all the to the better. Or it could lead to explosions.
Lucy handed John a red bottle. "This is the pollen from the Ceti Sexus Pollinis. I'll assume you remember how it works." She looked down at his middle. "Are you up to this?"
A bitter sweet pang. When it had come time to leave, Chin had repeated her request that Billy come away with her. That he and Connor could have a life with Chin somewhere that Chin was always very vague on the details about. A reason Billy could never bring himself to say yes. Always simply ask for more time. Steal another moment and ask for more time.
It was only as they came much closer, that Mollyhoo was able to make out faces that she hadn't seen in years. They were older. She was older. She cried a bit as she had the gates opened to welcome them and their children. As it was their massive metal box was too large to come through the narrow gate.
He broadened his search to all surviving colonists. One of the negotiators with the Tamarians, Ambassador Sirok of New Vulcan had lived on the colony. He clicked through the list and found Sh'Alaack staring back at him. She had been a young child at the time. The only member of her immediate family to survive.
"Belay that," said Prince Sparkles. "We could be here on orders. We need to keep unlocking stations."
Mycroft dashed at the tears on his cheeks and ordered the medics he'd had standing by in hope to take his brother and his brother-in-law to the medical facility next door. For all that he winced to think of Sherlock lying once again on one of those bio-beds. No longer so small and still, but he made sure it was a different one this time. Hardly caring if he wrinkled the suit.
Pavan reached across Veema and changed the display. This cave painting was much cruder. The same star maps, but simpler. Something that could have been Atavachron. Something that could have been the Bakerstreet if John squinted. An image that had been defaced. Then two distinctly different hand prints in black and ochre. Around them were at least a dozen smaller hand prints in different colors.
"Mmm… yeah, that's where I developed my priest kink." John ran his fingers over his cock, already semi-hard again. "Please. It'll feel so good. You'll feel so tight inside me. Please," he arched his back, feeling the need to move, "fuck me. I need it."
Hebron came in with Eva who was more than happy to claim credit for her growth since her last exam. He did some paperwork, but there really wasn't much on.
https://cosmosmagazine.com/biology/what-crispr-and-what-does-it-mean-genetics
John sipped his Hasperat. Felt the flush of the whiskey.
Now every time she saw Billy's grandfather, Grendel, speaking with one of the others who sought connections with distant descendants – she wondered if she should say something to Grendel. Mother surely knew. Mycroft kept nothing from them.
"I'd rather not discuss my siblings. My brother is an interfering boring prick and my sister put me in a coma when I was six to the point I don't remember anything before then. My parents are…" he glanced at the drone, "very dangerous dictators." It was perhaps the most he'd ever said about his background. Also she couldn't believe that she'd forgotten Euros. Having engineering turn into a jungle was a vivid memory, but in all fairness it had been one event in a career full of adventures.
Owen turned his attention on Sally. "The palace received your message requesting reinstatement in return for what you were bringing in. If you had been more specific, then the Prince would have been here personally and all this unpleasantness could have been avoided."
Sherlock tried holding his breath. Stopping his blood from pumping. He couldn't.
John chased a piece of buttered bread around the blue and white pattern on his plate. "Could have gone back to Taurus IV. Told my father to wait just one more day before killing all those folks." Pushed that bit of pastry over the blue outline of a British farm in the seventeenth century. "Could have gone back and done something to stop Harry from going off the rails." He leaned forward and captured Sherlock's hand. "Gone back and warned us to wait for a few days before taking off and skipped the whole Breen home world adventure."
"Yeah, I will reserve my anger," said Second Father. She glared at the wall. "I can't believe that you kept this from us. Now that Sherlock has come and gone, there's no advantage left to be taken from the situation. We're just... Actually, I can believe it. This is just like you."
"Why are you asking?" John moved away from Sholto.
Admittedly, John's mum was only vaguely Anglican, but he was fairly certain that was not on, but not really his problem right then. White acid filled his stomach at the idea that he'd had children and memories were like a bunch of fish in a barrel. Squirting away as he tried to grab them. A flutter of sensation. Some sort of orgy. Sherlock's head bobbing as he fellated John, almost hidden by the curve of John's belly by firelight. He swallowed. "I… we… abandoned our children in the past?"
The sun was setting, which meant this part of their idyll was ending. John pulled Sherlock to his feet and led him up the stairs to a truly luscious looking bed that appeared to be all silk pillows and sheets.
John reached down and said very loudly. "Love you." Kissed Sherlock.
John knelt between Victor's legs. Stroking him with one hand, while teasing Victor's secondary sexual folds with the tips of his other hand. Light and easy. Just flesh. Just bodies. When it leaked a little pre-cum, he took Victor's cock in his mouth. Teased it with his tongue.
When Sherlock experienced an adrenalin spike during Wilkes' attack, he was able to reclaim with his body.
That was not an acute observation, since they had just been discussing them and he had been present during her children's naming ceremonies and many of their life events.
Well, except for the knife. There had been a knife, which meant that the alpha were capable of long term planning for future events. Tool use in itself was one thing, but to conceive a future when a tool might be of use was a complete other framework.
The students filed out, leaving John sitting on the stool. Sherlock staring at him from across the room. Just breathing. Wide eyed. He said, "You're… But you can't be… I."
Expected.
"Good," said Khatri, smiling warmly. "Let us know when you've settled."
Sherlock waved that off. "Yes, largely irrelevant."
"Oh, don't mind my Karidian," said Mum. "He doesn't say much off stage." She flashed the table a smile. "I certainly do enough talking for the both of us. Speaking of which," Mum smiled archly and the arctic sinking feeling returned, "Commander Holmes, John's mentioned you so many times over the years, I feel as if I know you," Mum leaned forward, her smile bright and avaricious as Glint the Acquisitive , "and yet, I feel as if I hardly know anything about you. I'd love to get to know you better."
Lurin said, "How pregnant are you? And don't lie to me, Hu-man."
(See the end of the chapter for
The humanoid moaned. "Don't know." He pointed at Cho. "Giver of pain and delight. Maybe she know."
John was finding that cooking took on a whole new dimension now that it was something he had to do. No question over replicated spices over naturally grown. No arguing over the relative merits of replicating ingredients at all. There was salt from a cave and they were lucky to have that, and whatever could be foraged or hunted. Everything was about how they could prepare what little there was without getting sick. Everything had to be used for the calories to keep them alive.
Sherlock looked at John. Waiting. He wanted to know how John could make this right. Sherlock had known how to be clever once, but John had always been Sherlock's light.
Correction, he could not think of anything beyond going back to his quarters and doing what John wanted. What he wanted.
"Oh, the Prince's favorite pet like's real things," said another of the servitors. "Food grown in the ground. Real meat from an animal, not vat grown or replicated. It's the reason the palace is under such a large force shield. It's not because the Prince worries about being attacked, it's because he ordered gardens and orchards be built to give his favorite and their offspring all the real things they desire." The shen held up a green bin. "And when the human assigned to this office eats, whatever this is," her antennae curled away from the sharp spicy scent, "we gather it to feed the gardens."
Alignment, the very alignment that had supported the Khan's conquest of Earth, thought themselves free to kidnap him. As if he were a common pet. As if he were common.
Mollyhoo flushed. "Um…"
"Don't knock it until you try it," said Shroleb.
"Which one?"
Alexis felt drugged on kisses and yet a question rose to their lips. Data analysis required data. "Why did you leave?"
"I want to leave," said Billy, putting his hands on Connor's shoulders.
Sherlock lowered his voice for John. His few words only for John. "Your kills." John had been beautiful flinging fire at the alphas that dared come into their valley, and threaten their home and family.
She held out the teaching device to Luma. "Soon you will too."
Received a kiss. "It would be my pleasure to own you."
"Yes," said Harry. "I'd like to cancel the run of the all John all the time show."
What Sherlock and Chin Singh know about Augment genetics… is for a later story.
It was a bit of a surprise when Benjamin came in with Jake, and half the command staff from DS9.
Sherlock turned and turned looking at the sharply serrated mountains around them. "That way!" He pointed. He was either reading the terrain or remembered something. He didn't explain. Either way, they headed towards a set of canyons between towering cliffs of blue ice.
"Looked right as um… snow," said John. "And he thinks a lot about you." Could be true.
"Will I get to kick some Ferengi arse?"
"I said," Sherlock reached down and tapped the back of John's hand, "everyone take out their cauldrons."
John slapped not-Sherlock. A broad flat crack across his jaw. "Sherlock, calm down. You're frightening the kids." Seriously how was he doing emotional labor for the other John's family.
In her memory, he shone. The best of them.
Harry turned to look at him and smiled sadly. "I have to go to her. She is my sister. The one who always stood by me. She stood by me when everything came out about dad. She visits me all the time."
He watched them go. John made his way to Sickbay. The holographic computer had been had been turned off. Once Julian was back online, they planned how to divide up checking for possible injured.
They gathered in the Temple of the Ancestors. Each members of each alignment visiting the chapel of their ancestors.
"Boss, there's kids down here. What's going on?" asked one of the miners.
John woke up in a white room full of beeping machines. He woke to an audience and not a small one. Some twenty plus Breen wearing black armor with piping in varying colors and hues faced him like a swarm of colorful insects.
John reached into the chamber to take a closer reading. "Khan didn't go anywhere." He waved his tricorder, "he's right here."
Billy made a small noise that sounded a bit like a kettle getting ready to blow. What squeaked out was, "More secrets."
The next day was it.
The transporter beam enveloped them, but as they reformed in Transporter Room Forest, something was different.
John tapped her shoulder and gestured around them. The trees were full of blossoms. Bees were buzzing in those blooms. Birds were singing and making their nests. Toby had returned from his lady friend and was romping around the valley chasing fast running ground squivels. Toby came over to her as she came outside, which was a comfort. A large purring comfort that she'd missed.
The next day, after a glorious lie in, John took Sherlock to dinner at Sisko's Creole Kitchen in New Orleans.
Sherlock’s breath gently stroked the skin above John’s shoulder blade. Sherlock’s sporadic humming noises sent a chill down his spine as he sped up the strokes on himself without realizing it.
“What?” John crouched next to Sherlock’s head.
“Now you do,” Sherlock said simply, stepping back to pull the jumper off, pulling an envelope from his pocket at the same time. “And it’s not the only one…”
"John," the brunet started, leaving the sack on the floor and the bucket on the coffee table and shrugging off his coat.
Sherlock chuckled and pulled back, getting plates and forks for them.
Jeez, it's been ten months... This is almost like The Incredibles comeback except that The Incredibles 2 was actually good.
John had read about the suicides from the papers of course, but realising that there were real policemen and a real suicide that was actually a
Time went by, and two months after his brother's downfall Sherlock took what he decided to be his last shot of cocaine. That was a year and a half ago, and he'd been clean since. It did hurt, being clean, but the look of pity on his brother's face when he'd paid a visit to Sherlock's flat after he’d got out of hospital was something Sherlock never wanted to see again.
“John.” God his voice was deep and almost husky. “I’m sure about this. I’m ready.”
“Your handwriting is awful.” The man's face lit up and the smile that spread on his face made the corner of Sherlock's own mouth twitch up too, which wasn't usual.
Molly and her partner – apparently called Ann – arrived first, and John got them both a glass of wine before Lestrade and Mycroft arrived, and Mike followed just after them. When all of them got a glass, John finally took a seat on the sofa and smiled at the sight. Sherlock just nodded at all their guests and joined John, sitting right next to him. “I’m already bored, why did I think this was a good idea?” he muttered to John’s ear. John chuckled and rolled his eyes. “Just finish your wine and get some more, it’ll take the most tedious edge off this.”
For a really short second he considered starting dancing too, just so he could make sure Sherlock couldn’t dance duets with anyone else. But the thought of Sherlock trying to pick him up gracefully almost made him giggle aloud. Looking up at the stage again, he could see Sherlock’s knowing gaze across the hall and grinned back.
The last two shows of the Nutcracker, and then some celebration smut follows.
"I think that's for the best." Oh, at least Sherlock wasn't mad at him. John had no idea why he was so afraid of upsetting Sherlock, especially when the brunette seemed to have no similar worries. Luckily, eating made John feel calmer and more confident and there was something really interesting going on.
(See the end of the chapter for
Their plan for this year was revealed a week after summer died. They would spend the winter break in Brighton with John's distant cousin and his family. John had his doubts, he wasn't very close to his relatives and besides, Harry would complain the whole time since her own stupid plans with her friends were cancelled.
“Yeah, I know. So, I did a few, uh, calls around, and well, there’s this… Mrs. Hudson if I remember correctly.”
“I know,” Sherlock whispered, curling his whole body around John. The blond lifted his head minutely. “Do you want to have a cuddle?”
“Hi.”
The case turned out to be fairly simple to solve, but proving that Sherlock was right required quite a lot more work. They ended up with John drifting down the Thames in a tiny, leaky boat, his hands tied up with yoga leggings while Sherlock tried not to get strangled by someone wearing a bright green morphsuit.
"Oh, what, dear?" Aziraphale turned to look at him, his smile now definitely teasing. "You can't do that," Crowley complained without sounding like he was complaining at all. "But dear, it'd be an utter shame letting it go to waste," Aziraphale said, now licking the rim of the bottle clean with his eyes locked on Crowley. "Oh, for Sa-" Crowley started, muttering the rest to himself as he got up, his -thankfully- empty glass abandoned on the armchair as he swiftly moved to where Aziraphale was sitting. Wordlessly, he sank to his knees between the angel's legs, setting his hands on Aziraphale's thighs rather gently, by his standards at least.
But feeling the man’s hand tremble slightly when they touched grounded John immediately. He seemed nervous and despite never having seen him before, John somehow knew it wasn't usual to this person to be like that. John could almost feel the man's hand shaking, and the euphoria he'd felt since they shared their words started to fade rapidly. He had no idea what to do, or if the brunette wanted anything to do with him at all.
"So you were asked to help on a real case. By a real police officer."
~'*'~
Sherlock jerked his gaze up to John. “I’m… They’re very, uh, symmetrical.” John came to sit next to Sherlock, setting the mugs on the table. “I don’t know why I did that, really. Just popped into my head, the idea.”
“Yeah, sounds great,” John nodded, letting Sherlock pull him to the living room. They got some more tea and then opened the few presents they got yesterday. Sherlock got a pair of gloves and a fancy notebook while John got a pair of nice woolly socks, a new laptop case and a box of chocolates.
"And if you give him a shot of antigen for Varosian flu and he does have celebrium poisoning, then valuable time will be lost as his nervous system continues to degrade," said Julian.
"I'm just the same as anyone."
There was a pop and John found himself standing to one side of a large mirror lined reception room full of hundreds of augments dressed in styles from across the quadrant. Many of them had small pads in one hand. Others were holding glasses of sparkling liquid. He'd never actually seen this many augments in one place. There was a strange surreal quality when John realized that there were no Normal humans anywhere. Just Augments. Not exiles stranded in a cave. Augments representing a major power in the Alpha quadrant.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Hegh%27bat
She turned herself in to Donovan and ended up sharing a beer with her in John's old quarters. They talked about mind control and what an idiot John was, but his heart was in the right place, and feeling out of place. Their experiences at the asylum. The violation of memories that weren't their own. The need to feel something real. Things took an unexpected turn for a bit. Unexpected and too long. Far too long. They were strangers reaching for pleasure. A kiss that turned to kisses. A touch that turned to touching in the long dark night.
When Redbeard's vision cleared, he found that he'd stumbled dangerously close to an even deeper crevice. He stood there, breathing carefully. Focusing on not falling. Trying to decide if the wide fluffy snowflakes that filled his vision were really there.
John was dragged back into the room a few hours later looking sweaty and tired. Still she could hope for the best. "Well," said Martha after she set the youngest Andorians to yelling songs in Andorian, really they were effective operatives, "Did they take you to sickbay? Were you able to get anything useful?"
"Ta."
Sisko scraped his fork on his plate. "I'm not letting any of you go anywhere without someone advocating for you. I'm sure there are some additional repairs that would require the Defiant to get a once over at the Utopia Planitia shipyards, and she's four times faster than the shuttle Killander arrived in."
Finally, they came to a narrow space where an Andorian, with a than's spicy scent, pointed a Klingon disruptor at them.
But that wouldn't help John escape. He tested his information leaking interrogator. "Classified ship. Courier class. Older model Peregrine. I'm not the ship expert that our navigator is. Not much in the way of shielding and weapons. Capable of taking out a shuttlepod, but that's about it. Carries, what? A compliment of maybe ten to fifteen crew?" Killander twitched at fifteen. "You got a sponsor, but not one with enough resources to get you a real ship. What do you think'll happen when you don't turn up Khan?"
Lucy looked at her startled. Her eyes wide. "No. I… I didn't even. Thank you." She hugged Bihr, which she'd appeared to be more inclined to do since regressing.
Julian flickered in and out. "No. Not yet."
John's voice piercing his ears to the center of him, "Love you."
Brilliant.
Then there was their once a week dinners. He wasn't about to stop spending time with his friend just because they also happened to be fucking. Generally, the next day.
Connor nodded firmly. The world as he knew it taking shape. "Because Captain Holmes is going to make them regret taking us."
"Well, fuck me sideways," said Donovan.
"There's no indications that there were any Humans, Augment or otherwise, on this world before five thousand years ago. The first evidence is here, this valley," said Veema in a rush.
A blond woman picked up a spear and pointed it at them. "No, we're not." She at least was able to discern Sherlock's scent.
Choking.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2633676/
Not that morning. Last night he'd been having a good dream about being a robot on the wing of a ship with a firebird for a friend.
Perhaps she indulged a bit much in the fun of it all.
John pushed himself up, dizziness be damned, because whatever this was, he was going to hear it sitting up. "Oh, for fuck's sake tell me. And… take off those helmets already. I know you're all Human Augments. I have just spent several months living with your ancestors in a fucking cave. Take off the masks!"
"Distantly related kidnappees," said Connor.
John replicated a flannel to wipe the sweat from his forehead at the sudden flash of heat. The lights were too bright. He went to his quarters to see if Sherlock would show up like he'd used to do and fuck him through the mattress, but he didn't.
"That's um… nice," said Wilkes.
The long silence that followed was broken by a chirp from a communication device. Grendel listened into it. He pursed his lips. "I have a somewhat tangential question," said Grendel. His expression was thoughtful. "John, why were you on the shuttle? I have heard Princess Chin speak at length about her hope that Billy would arrive as he'd promised. But there was no mention that you would be coming as well."
"Yes, yes, what happened when we were children?" Sherlock was going to explode like the bonfire down the beach in frustration.
"They will find an exploded shuttle and organic material matching your general mass. Now drink the medicine or I'll cut the lights and the air."
"Not hard enough," said Sherlock opening his eyes.
He watched Sherlock's eyes scan over the details of his invention. That little line crease in his forehead. "This is a design for a device that can remove blastocysts and placenta from in-vivo and store them in holo cubes. Where did you get this?"
Being careful to keep John in his field of view, he went to look into the pit. There was another alpha shivering in the snow at the bottom.
He waited. John nodded still turned away.
Vesha and some of the others were taking Marymor out of the chamber, which was not good. They hadn’t even taken any needles. If her injury needed attention, but it should be one of the omegas that hadn't been bred, who could not breed.
"No," said Euros pulling out the word. He had to wonder if she was searching the minds of the people around them.
The doors opened and people were herded off in small groups. Two Breen in red armor approached. One said, "9002, 9003, and 9004, come with me."
"It's like me," said Connor urgently. "Mummy, it's like when Colonel Green's men took me from you."
"The worms." She pointed at the bin.
http://www.ansci.wisc.edu/jjp1/ansci_repro/lec/lec9/lec9out.html
Somewhere beside him, Sarabeth said, "Fuck! This is hot. Need… yeah…harder."
Smoopy angst to set the mood.
John got down from the pad. Sherlock did not similarly sweep him up. John squeezed Sherlock's hand. "Want to scan me here or in our quarters."
That was a good deal to close to home. John spread his hands. "Like I said, I wanted to publish. Maybe present at one of those big conferences. It looks like fun."
John and the smaller children were stationed by the door distracting the Ferengi guard with questions. "Why are you doing this? Where is my father?" and remembering advice from his mum, he used all his directorial chops and he and the children chewed the scenery with a lot of shouting and yelling. He yelled, "I need my daddy!" stomping his foot to cover the sound of whatever it was Hudson was doing to a poor doll's innards. He'd never had much luck crying on command. That had always been Harry, but Shrilaas was magnificent, if perhaps a little too real in her role. While Thil was kind of inspired.
Something was about the scenario he'd just described didn't fit the facts. "But this makes no sense. Lucy was in the same accident. Reverted just as you were. She was most certainly, fortunately, not interested in copulating with me, nor I with her. Why did the transporter only affect your RVN?"
She bared her teeth and slowly pulled her arms up. She had a phaser in her right hand. "Better idea."
Sherlock called him an idiot. John called him a prick. Talked out John's plans for potential treatments. The potential impact of studying Augment genetics. Certainly these results were going to make a galaxy of difference to the next kid caught up in something they didn't understand.
It also made John feel like satyr. The thumping groaning sounds of vigorous sex behind the drawn curtains didn't help.
John ended up replicating Pad Thai for dinner. Sherlock, the berk, picked at it, until John shouted at him to eat it, because he knew that Sherlock hadn't eaten anything while he'd been away. Probably hadn't slept either. Refused to take care of himself.
Marriage was a partnership. It was John and Sherlock binding themselves together in a serious way. Not able to just walk away.
"Maybe I will. But maybe not," said his younger self, who tilted his head. "Francis, if you were altered to look like Mummy, how were you altered? I don't see any signs."
"Why are you out here?" asked Sherlock. "That's a long journey for an elderly man such as yourself."
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Federation-Cardassian_War
Sherlock stepped forward. Not coincidentally moving between Sholto and John. "I'm not sure why. Your tone and body language clearly indicate that you don't enjoy live theater. The regulation layout of this shuttle bay. Everything in its prescribed place. The way you wear your hair. Your formal uniform on a remote base on a small planet. They all speak to a man who likes to be in control of his situation. That must be why you initiated relationships with your students when you were teaching at the academy. That put you in a position of power and control."
He could hear the other omegas. They didn't know he could hear them. They talked about what they'd need to do if John died.
There was a roar of blood in Sherlock's ears. A dizzy glow of anger. "Which you would only know if you attempted to fornicate with a hologram!" The idea of John, his John, coupling even with light made him want to growl. Claw at more metal. Throw John over the remains of the fuselage and bury himself inside his tight, burning heat.
Still, she'd spent a lot of time in the museum over the years studying the paintings in this cave. Looking at the real thing, she thought not for the first time that the painting of the largest Alpha's face reminded her of Mummy. "It looks like William would have looked." She told the still air in the cave. There was no painting that resembled Victor and by extension Father Noonian. There was no painting that looked like her.
"I don't know, but…" Billy's hand pressed against his chest, "They took my communicator."
"Because of me," said Connor. He squeezed when his mum started to protest. "I don't mean in a bad way. It's embarrassing, but I'm not responsible for my genes. But because I would have reacted badly." He could still remember the craving, the almost mindless need, which had made him act so badly to mum. His mum had said he'd had it even worse than Mum had. The Doctors hadn't been sure why it had been so bad.
"They've never turned that on," said Meiying. She glanced at Mycroft. "Are we intended to go through it?"
He was not going to fail. John was not going to regret sharing coitus with Sherlock. Still he would have liked more information than a day at the beach on Risa and to bring a horga'hn.
Sometime in the middle of the night, he gave up. Pinged Sherlock to see if he was awake just to keep John company. Nothing more.
His blood pumped.
Brown Sparkles said, "It's in range."
"Now that that's settled, let's talk Mobile Area Surgical Hospitals."
"I worry about everyone liking me." Trelane slumped back against the wall. He closed his eyes. "I'm going to die of a broken heart. And my heart will create a reality that is entirely made of darkness and everything will be blackness forever."
"To bad I don't have a name badge," said the omega lightly. "I guess I'll have to keep going by G. Shorter than flower smelling monster."
The shuttle 221C creaked and rattled at the force of the dekyon storm. Subspace pulses intensifying the quantum flux.
Sherlock snarled and went into the gallery. It was mostly dark, which was fine. Sherlock was built for darkness. Stealth. He followed the scent of water. Wet patches on the floor. They'd come through the underground river. He dropped behind an alpha and slammed him into a pillar. Giving away his presence.
"What I said it was," muttered Protector.
"Great ship you’ve got here, John," said Harry, lightly kicking the panel.
Billy held his shaking son in his arms and said to Chin, "I want you to call the Bakerstreet and have John beam down. He kissed his son's head. "Doctor Watson can fix the Horta and it'll all be fine."
He wasn't anything.
Back in the twenty-first century, Colonel Green controlled a Europe full of Augment death camps, but to run to the Americas was to be caught and sold. His own Mum had told him and Anthea that they had several half uncles and aunts who had made the journey, but just as many had died.
So many questions that he didn't ask.
He left when she ran down back into a dull eyed stare.
"Oh!" Trelane's expression brightened. "A poetic nebula that proves the power of love." He disappeared.
That was as far as he got, before a Klingon yanked the chain from his neck. Breaking the chain. Bruising his neck. "Foolish Human. There is no one in range." He looked at the communicator. "Puny toy." He shoved it one handed into a pocket on his leather armor.
"I'll let Chin know that my answer is yes. Once I know you're really settled into school." Connor nodded absently. He went to brush his teeth. His thoughts already focused on his plan of attack on the following day.
"Sherlock, why is this your favorite place on the ship?" asked Karidian. He had knelt down by now and placed the palm of his hand on the floor.
"I am an idiot." John laughed, and even knowing he'd regret it given the way the alley smelled, he got down on one knee. "Sherlock, since you're in love with me even though I'm an idiot and even though I want to marry you even though you were stupid enough not to mention you love me while proposing. Because I," he let the words go and took the leap, "love you. Will you marry me?"
Sh'Alaack had actually looked at her and said, "Um… I'm sure that's… fun isn't really what I'm trying to… of course engineering is fun, but it's not supposed to be… I cannot have Ensign Brand assigned to warp nacelle calibration, just because… I'm a bonded Andorian… I am uninterested in the tightness of his… prosterior."
On the third and lowest level, there was a brocade couch below the ornate carved railing. Sitting on it was a pale skinned, dark haired man wearing a red and black uniform dripping with gold braid, and a red and gold crown on his head.
"Excellent, very good, John," said Sherlock in a bright tone that couldn't have been more designed to set John's teeth more on edge if Sherlock had tried. At John's look, Sherlock frowned. "You said you want respect. I'm showing my respect."
Sherlock looked suddenly worried, "My light, you cut that very closely. What if you'd gone into heat when Victorious. But no, you must have been on black market suppressants. What if… it was probably fever that interfered with your suppressants. It's highly unlikely that it was me… the effect of my… possibly it was a result of...really Quintus was the only time that happened. Fine. Septimus too. But…"
Later, Sherlock watched him tidying his quarters. "You're concerned about your parents. You haven't told them that we are sharing coitus."
"I have no authority outside the Royal Seraglio, but I'm sure grandfather will agree that," Owen looked her over narrowly, "it's in all our best interests for the Prince's mood be lifted by the return of his favorite. He's disdained every other pet insisting that he have his John or nothing."
https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/46565/ozymandias
"They've given Starfleet a positive rather than a negative," said Sherlock. "Let's get out of here." He wanted to be light years away by the time Yao either made her escape, or if she was one of his first father's operatives, the Breen made her escape for her.
"No, it isn't," said Terellhoo. "Show him."
Sherlock bared his teeth and went back into the nest.
Sherlock played his violin to avoid speaking to anyone. When he finished Mendelssohn’s Lieder, John said, "That's one of my favorites that you play."
In his mind, they were frozen as screaming infants. But somewhere along the way, they'd grown up.
She wanted to shout that it wasn't irrational, but as she now knew that idea had been based on a Normal society preconception about Augments that she'd need to work on inspecting in her own reactions. If she hadn't been convinced of its truth, she'd have figured out that John was acting out of character and been able to help him. She put down the tray of plants. "No."
He found his grip.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Thalaron_radiation
"Don't forget the bribes we'll have to pay when it comes time to sell the vendarite," said Nom, because Nom could find a reason why inheriting a latinum mine was dangerous to his health.
"Oh," said Bihr thrown by this sudden turn in the conversation. "That was a dangerous thing to do."
Letrade was prepared for that and pushed the updated specs for the Bakerstreet to LaForge. "Implement the improvements that Captain Holmes added to the Bakerstreet."
http://memory-beta.wikia.com/wiki/Andorian_sexes
"Do you think you can figure out how to get us home?" whispered Watson.
John flicked his wand at the door. "Colloportus!" The door to the potion's classroom slammed shut.
"You don't have to do this if you're not up to it." John wasn't sure how they would come up with access to a replicator or the parts needed to do whatever techy thing Sh'Alaack needed to build, but they'd figure it out if they had to.
John plucked the collar out of his hands. "You are my favorite sex slave."
"No! Sherlock is your one and only!" Trelane looked at John as if he'd denied the reality of love.
It meant sacrificing the children's toy, but it had done its duty.
"Sir?" said Sherlock, "Don't you want to…"
They met John and Julian in Transporter Room Cloud.
"It'll be thirty minutes before its ready." John pushed him back onto the couch. John straddled his lap. "I've been thinking we've been getting out of our normal routines a bit since we were married." He pressed his lips gently against Sherlock's. "Gone a little all in now that we can be open about being together." He pressed another dozen kisses to Sherlock's face. "Thought tonight I'd get back to cooking dinner."
"While Lieutenant Commander Donovan may consider herself a side note in history, certain areas of Starfleet are well aware what her father was given in exchange for helping Khan escape the last time."
Then she looked less than that.
"You have the same shape to your eyes and mouth. Similar skin tone. Your hair is the same texture. Muscle memory has you both standing with the same general posture with more weight on your right foot. As if you are getting ready to run. There are significant similarities in your scents. The flowers on your bracelet match your mother's flower," the alpha reached down, "but more evocatively, the bracelet has more than one side." They flipped the bracelet to reveal the same monster smelling a flower on the other side.
Suddenly, a giant ice monster appeared. It swiped at Redbeard, but its giant hand swept right through him. Redbeard laughed. "It's not real. Nothing about you is real." Redbeard swung the tusk at the Ice Queen.
Above him, the sun lamp pulsed and gleamed, and he felt as if he had met Tristan Adams. As if he possessed warm and happy memories of meeting him. Perhaps as a young child.
Because a well told lie made the universe a more palatable more place.
"I think it's amusing that the organization responsible for intelligence gathering did not notice something that occurred years ago."
Supersmart looked at the device. He had no idea, how to turn it off. No information. No helpful buttons with wear patterns. He yanked it off the wall, hoping that was the correct decision. A leap of faith.
Then Mummy left.
John had a good reason to be glad that Hudson couldn't read him anymore after his little adventure in becoming psychic.
The motion causing the head of his mate's cock to rub against John's over sensitized g…g…very good spot. John couldn't breathe at the pleasure. Air catching in his desperately heaving chest. His heartrate spiked. Blood pounded in his ears. Heat bloomed through his entire body.
The moment broken when an alien appeared holding some form of stasis device.
He heard a faint whimper.
Martha knew that her telepathy would have done her no good with the Ferengi, but still she missed the familiar noise in the background. As if she'd lived in a well populated city for decades and had opted for some reason to retire to a desolate rural landscape.
"Drink deep and know divine madness," said Dionysus downing another cup before tossing it aside.
When they docked at Starbase 305, Sherlock pulled the box out from under their bed. He held it out to John and said, "Take it." He glared at the wood surface. "This is your promise you're coming back."
Once they sat down, Killander drummed his fingers on the desk next to him. "In Commander Holmes case, our interest is far more than general. Palmer." The lieutenant held up her pad. It displayed the image of Khan Brittanus that had been circulated when Section 31 had been pretending he was a civilian contractor. "An uncanny resemblance to Khan wouldn't you say. How do you explain it?"
"Sir, I… they said that," said Sherlock around gulps of air, "That it was my duty as a slave to be taken. Not the other way around." His feet moved back and forth in the water. His hair, a tangled thicket, lay damp around him. He spread his legs. "Please."
"As I was saying," said Veema loudly. "You found out when you needed to go, and came here and now. A little the worse for making so many time jumps."
He was still wobbling afterwards when Sherlock, the berk, changed a setting on his tricorder. "I figured it out. Flip the frequency. I've found the source of their power."
There was a long pause. Nothing but stroking skin. Into that pause, Sherlock said, "My parents have never had sex."
"Sorry, Mamma," mumbled Connor.
A few blissful months running Starfleet operations. A desk job. Organizing troop movements to counter the rising number of Dominion convoys coming through the wormhole. Retirement looking farther and farther away.
The door opened on a room decorated in soothing blues and greens. John didn't see Harry. "Um… how does this work? Is there a special room where I talk with Harry?"
He felt a little differently, when he found out she'd turned around and tapped Watson to run one of the rust buckets they'd found for a MASH. Watson had nerves of steel and was a damn fine doctor, but it did meant Holmes was going to be an especial joy.
John checked his smart watch. “It’s seven in the evening,” he told Sherlock. “You want to go elsewhere?”
“Yes, I’m fine, John,” Sherlock said, annoyed.
“Yes, love?”
“I have a pack of earplugs at my suitcase upstairs in our room, Do you want me to get it?”
“Yes, love?”
Dr Trevor,
John wanted to back off but something was telling him to push for answers. “Sherlock, you have been sleeping more often than before you left, and you’re a lot slower and not just because of your Achilles. I can see that you're constantly running a fever; you're popping paracetamol like they're sweets. Love, I don’t want to intrude, but are you okay?”
“I’ll escort you. Come with me.”
By the next afternoon, Sherlock got over the bug. He wasn’t the listless, sick man anymore. John was happy that his partner was getting better.
Sherlock looked at him, annoyance in his eyes. “The internet is a good research martial, John, especially for a young kid.”
Sherlock stood up from their bed into the shower. “Are you calling them now?” He asked. “Let’s go shower.”
I was wearing a sexy police officer costume. I thought I saw Sherlock looking at me that way but maybe I was mistaken.
“You’d devised a plan to tell them,” Sherlock said a hint of admiration in his words.
“What happened after they took the squirrel away?” John asked.
“Sherlock, what’s wrong?”
He blinked. “I want a Capochino and espresso for my partner, and two orders of pancakes.”
“Yes,” Kate said.
John remembered Mycroft telling him in no uncertain terms that Sherlock had Autism. “Well, no.”
John called Agent Moratti first; Kate answered after the first ring. “Kate?”
End of Chapter 1
Sherlock and John were sitting on their seats at home after a very successful case with the yarders; a five-year-old cold case just resurfaced a week ago. They were sipping tea; when Mycroft entered 221. Sherlock groaned. “God, the insufferable git.” He said, standing up.
After thirty minutes of talking with his friend, Sherlock looked at John and grimaced. Sherlock was looking as though he would fall. John rounded were he was standing. “Are you alright?” John said.
They got home after a ten minute drive, and Sherlock went to their room immediately to dress into a comfortable t-shirt and pajamas. Greg wouldn’t mind.  He probably had seen Sherlock looking worse, John thought. “Tea?” John asked Sherlock when he got in.
*_*_*
cc: Sherlock_Holmes@thescienceofdeduction.com
“A car? Why didn’t you told me you have a car?” John asked. “Never mind, where is the car?” Looking for the car.
“How didyou know it was him?” John asked, still very amazed by Sherlock’s deductions.
“You two are my friends - that’s what friends do for each other,” Kate said.
Greg looked at his file. “An international search was conducted for this kid. I didn’t recognise who he was.”
“About what?” Sherlock asked gently.
“I want to know if he could pass out during a case, John.””
I now knew. “Oh, Sherlock, I am sorry so, you’re rebelling?”
So, Sherlock felt guilty John thought as he descended downstairs. He thought that he had given Willow Autism. When they had first thought about having a child John was adamant about having a biological kid. Sherlock had been indifferent either way. They had enlisted John’s sister, Harriet, to help and a surrogate. Ten months later Willow was born, a completely healthy baby girl.
The leader of the gang looked at John and took his hands off of Sherlock. The two other guys scattered as well.  He lifted his goods off the ground, relieved that they weren’t soaked. “Are you okay, Sherlock?” he asked. “Are you hurt, love?”
“No,” Sherlock said.
Kate looked at them. “Sherlock, welcome to Moran’s house.”
John wanted Sherlock to answer, but Greg had asked nicely so he answered. “He and Mycroft had an argument.”
“Yes, I would go,”  Sherlock said.
“We have a case, John,” Sherlock said between sips.
They were coming down their room; when Mrs Hudson came bursting with breakfast pastries and two cups of steaming coffee. “Ah, thank you, Mrs Hudson,” said Sherlock; looking at the food with some regret.
Sherlock was agitatedly rocking on the balls of his feet. John thought he looked like a man in deep trouble, and all because his brother had said something shitty. “Sherlock,” John said, catching Sherlock’s eye. Sherlock who didn’t have good eye contact at the best of times averted his eyes.
Sherlock didn’t open his car door. He looked at John and blurted out “When I was away, I talked to you.”
“Here’s the rest of my life.”
Sherlock got up very slowly and John became really worried. Sherlock had come back from the dead just three months ago and he was like a slow-motion film camera.
“So what happened with the autopsy?” Sherlock asked, looking at the kid's photo.
Sherlock looked at him down his nose. John could see the perfectly crafted facade Sherlock gave him. He crouched at Sherlock's left side.
Mrs Hudson frowned. “When I got in here two hours ago he was rocking. I never saw him do that.”
“Alright.”
XXXXX
“My friend and I have an appointment with Chairman of the board, Mr Milverton,” Sherlock said, faking an American accent.
“Is he dying?” Sherlock asked incredulously but there was a tad bit nervousness in his tone of voice.
The Detective inspector looked at him. “Please halt your investigation.”
I heard Mike Stamford’s voice. “John, you’re twenty minutes late. Your charge has been waiting for you.”
“What if I give you this virus? I know it’s not a death sentence anymore but still it’s a serious illness. That has ramifications on your career.” Sherlock’s eyes were a bit moist.
John saw people were staring at him, pitying expressions on their faces. “Okay, don’t look at him, please.”
Moriarty, Moran, they would just be a distant past to both he and John. He thanked a god he didn’t believe in that his kids would be marginally safe.
Then Anderson was there and in Sherlock’s face. “Don’t contaminate my crime scene, freak.”
“Yes.”
However, as soon as Sherlock saw Donavan in front of the yellow tape, he sighed. “Hello, freak, Lestrade said you were in America. What were you doing over there? Getting away with murder?”
He moved to the foot of the bed and read through Sherlock’s chart. Sherlock was in a medically induced coma because of the brain injury, a torn Achilles and a lot of scars on his back. There was an anal tear. ‘Who did this to you, Sherlock,’ John thought and at that moment he forgave Sherlock, but he wanted to kill Mycroft. He turned to Mycroft and said, “Who did this to him.”
“Why?” Sherlock asked. "There’s nothing wrong with being gay; I knew I was gay before I knew I had autism.”
By mutual agreement, they  decided John was to drive them from Salt Lake City to St. George. They got there five hours later.
John sat that way for an hour while Sherlock slept; thinking about of all people Mycroft Holmes. He had pity for his sort of brother in law. If Trevor would have believed; Mycroft was eight years old when the abuse first started. His family was in the states when this was happening?
“Well,” Sherlock scoffed. “As if he would tell me.”
“I can’t calm down if the plane is headed into the Atlantic ocean,” Sherlock said. “We should drive, from New York to Salt Lake.”
He worked on this case blog entry until Mrs Hudson entered with breakfast pastries. He checked the time; it was almost an hour. He needed to wake Sherlock. He went upstairs. “Sherlock?” He turned on the lights. He felt his forehead; it was warm. Sherlock ‘I am not ill’ Holmes had succumbed to a bug.” He said, chuckling. “I told you so.”
Sherlock shrugged.
“Do you know Daniel Gokey?” Sherlock asked, a bit angry with the woman.
Sherlock noticed that Morstan had an assistant, lurking with a very discrete baby car seat. He notified one of two undercover police officers, working as one of the wait staff.
“Yes, in the beginning, But I tapered myself from it.”
John and Sherlock looked at her; the lovers nodded at her. “Good, thank you, Kate.”
“Hi.” They shook hands.
“Sir, may I help you?” A sales associate asked startling him.
Sherlock shook his head but didn’t answer. However, he grabbed a soda can from the plastic bag. He abruptly opened the can and took a swig.
In a split second, or at least seemed like it, Danielle, the surrogate, was there, hugging them fiercely. “I am so happy for you two.”
“God,” Sherlock said. “How could they let him at a school for special needs kids.”
The two medics looked at one another and nodded. “Okay,” they said and John was grateful to them.
He heard Sherlock said. “John, for god sakes.”
Epilogue
—————————————
She looked at me and sighed.  “He destroyed it this morning.” I looked up at her.
She started to cry. “I want to get him out of there, I want my son out.”
John thought that they would be there to talk to the ‘troubled kids.’ However, their duty as far as John could tell, was a really good camp for them. Carter was nowhere to be found.
“Umm hmmm?” Sherlock asked sleepily.
John slumped down on his knees. “I hope you can forgive me, but if not,  Sherlock, I am gladly walking away knowing that I saved your life.”
Sherlock grunted and fell back asleep. John smiled, Sherlock was such a night owl. “Sherlock, You need to wake up.” He said, shaking Sherlock on the shoulder.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, “it won’t give my driving license back, would it?”
They found the room number. The door to room 221 was open ajar. Sherlock entered and gave Danielle a kiss on her forehead. “Are the boys doing fine?” Sherlock asked.
When he got there, he saw Sherlock was playing with his wristwatch, twisting it back and forth in his hand like rubber. “Sherlock,” he said looking at his partner. “You okay?” He touched Sherlock’s arm.
******
Sherlock recovered from his seizure; he had noticed that John, and that John wasn’t happy. “What the hell?” Sherlock said indignantly.
“Why?”
John noticed that Sherlock was clenching his fist so hard that he had made it bleed. It was summer so they hadn’t bothered with Sherlock’s gloves. “Sherlock, you’re bleeding, Jesus Christ,” he said, checking the hand.
John could hear Mycroft sigh at the other end of the line. “I asked Sherlock to get these people.”
Starr looked at Greg instead of Sherlock. “I am not making excuses, Mr Holmes.”
Victor looked at him bewildered. “William, can we get some tea later?”
“Mum, I need to talk with you. It’s important.” John looked at her nervously.
As they were leaving, the doctor said, “Mr Holmes, Dr Watson? Congratulations again.” The doctor gave their hands a tight squeeze.
Sherlock groaned in anger. “Then I realized that there were kids that were being raped by their teachers.” Sherlock stood up and began to pace the living room. “There was a website wherein young people talked about being molested by teachers at boarding schools.”
“Okay, call me. Let’s have drinks.”
John woke up to find Sherlock had slept through the night. Normally, his partner was plagued with insomnia; John patted Sherlock on the shoulder to wake him. “Sherlock, you awake?”
They entered the sitting room; Sherlock offered the DI tea. He had deduced that this was a social visit rather than a professional one. He brought two cups of tea to the sitting room. “Case first, before you and I talk,” Sherlock told the DI.
Willow’s teacher at her Day School had told them that she was concerned with her speech delay, communications and behavioural issues. She engaged in a lot of the stereotypical behavior; Sherlock had known that all too well.
John didn’t like the question coming from the man’s mouth. “Sherlock, do you know where you are?” he asked worriedly.
Sherlock knew that years ago, Moriarty’s second in command left the criminal network and established his own with less success. Now that Moriarty was dead, he would avenge the person who had killed his former boss and friend.
Good Morning, Its Dr John Watson, Sherlock’s partner, I just want to tell you that I would be writing an article for one of our magazines (I don’t know where yet.) I need data for the article.
“Here in Baker Street.”
Sherlock led Greg out of the coffeehouse and into his car. “Thanks for the coffee, Sherlock.”
“Oh, hello John,” Mycroft said. “Ms Moratti will meet you today.”
The tea was drunk in companionable silence; Sherlock was itching to ask about Mr Landon John knew but refrained.
“Nice to meet you too,” John said. “So, how did you meet Sherlock?”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Stop spying, Mycroft.” With that, Sherlock hung up without another word.
A couple of minutes later, another cry came from the opposite end of the room. “It's a boy." Sherlock gave Luka back to the nurse and gave John a small kiss. Nichola was being born.
“You asked Mycroft, for this?”
“In 1999, Mr Talbot was in Eton. He was bounced from school to school.” John said. “Now, he was just retired.”
John scoffed but Sherlock continued,  “Thank you, for not dating after I jumped.”
The packing was a little trying to say the least; Sherlock wanted to bring things with him like a pillow, ridiculous. John just shrugged. They packed until lunchtime. John was hungry. Mrs Hudson brought them fish and chips.
“You're very welcome, and it’s nothing.” We resumed dancing, now, near our seats. I ordered us drinks.
“What?”
John kissed Sherlock’s lips again. “I think you’re a capable adult.”
“Yes.” Lestrade gasped; he began pacing the room, too. “Sherlock, we need more evidence; go undercover on this website!! Talk to the kids.”
“Let's do what we did at the hospital?”
“When did you discover you have Autism?” John asked, holding Sherlock’s wavering gaze.
As soon as Victor saw them, he hugged Sherlock and John cringed. “Hi, Will,” Victor said when they extracted their arms from one another.
Sherlock woke up several hours later and he looked at me. He looked very apologetic and I was very angry. However, first thing's first, I handed him a glass of water which he drank gratefully.
Sherlock went upstairs, but when John followed him up Sherlock was gone. “JOHN!” Mrs Hudson looked up at him. “Sherlock went in the direction of Regent’s Park. He’s quite angry.”
“Listen, Max,” Sherlock said. “I know this is hard, however, can you tell me what happened, when you’re ready?”
The woman looked at Sherlock. “Okay. So what do you want to know?”
“Mr. Holmes, are his parents coming here?”
“Limited how?”
John sighed, looking at his own watch. “We're only three hours in. Take the Valium, love. I will figure something out. I promise.”
“Yes, Lestrade, I am bloody serious about this.” Sherlock stood and started to pace.
They went to the nearest NVS chemist near Baker Street. The place was busy when they entered; Sherlock sat on the chair near John’s. “Sherlock?” John asked.
“I know, I love you too. Don’t you forget that.”
After getting Sherlock’s meds from the chemist; they went to the pathology lab. Sherlock talked to Molly about particular autopsy results. The look on Sherlock’s face a was a happy one. John smiled as well.
“Ah, congratulations…” Kate said. She squeezed Sherlock’s arm. He smirked.
The next morning, John and Sherlock were sleeping when the call came through from Mycroft. “Hello?” he answered.
“Did they beat you, punish you physically?” Sherlock asked, looking at him.
I looked at him. “I am,” I said.
“Okay,” Kate said. “I’ll see what I'm able to do for you.”
John thought about what he would tell Greg. It wasn’t his place to tell him about how personal the case had become for Sherlock. So, He just shook his head and left the office; leaving the Detective inspector wondering.
John thought about it for a second. “Two truths and a lie,” John said.
“Ah… The case.”
Sherlock answered, with a shrug. “I still loved chemistry. I'll always love chemistry. However, psychology is just different."
John didn’t reply; he wouldn’t even look at Sherlock.  “John?” Sherlock asked.
Overall, John thought it was far from the worst experience with Donavan as he and Sherlock went to stand near Greg.
“Thank you,” he said. I now know he can speak but he has limited capacity, he can only say fifteen words, however he can sing and even write songs. He doesn’t call me by my name but I know that he knows I am his friend.
Sherlock felt bad for everything that had happened to John during his time away. But he only squeezed John’s arm in a silent gesture of understanding.
“Of course, love, of course.” John made a mental note to talk to Mycroft about Sherlock’s sectioning.
The FBI agent nodded her head. “We need to find Moran. Find him now.”
An hour later, they arrived at the hospital with Sherlock staving off a meltdown by pacing. He was closer than he liked; he was rocking minisculely. He wasn’t ashamed of being on the autism spectrum because his particular brain chemistry aided him with the work.
“Can I talk to you?”
“Is it okay that we  break it down in three parts?” The editor asked.
“I am sleepy.” At the same time, Sherlock winced which made John even more concerned. Sherlock saw John’s concerned face. “I’m fine, John.”
“Conversion therapy?” Sherlock asked, looking at a middle distance.
“Incredible, Sherlock,”  John said. “That was amazing. How about that car? He pointed at a black Mercedes Benz.
Three days later, the rings arrived at Lestrade’s office. Since it was John’s day off, Sherlock was hawkishly checking his text messages. He went to Lestrade’s office and retrieved the package. “Good luck, Sherlock,” Lestrade said as Sherlock was letting himself out.
“What do you mean?” John asked worriedly.
The next weekend, a week before their wedding, Sherlock and John were called out to go to a crime scene. It was a cold case in Sussex. Sherlock wasn’t sure about Mycroft’s intentions, but they just went.
John felt bewildered. Where on earth was he coming from? John thought. “I don’t know what to say here, Sherlock.”
Sherlock flinched; John’s tone was angry and annoyed. “Establishing a Behavioral Unit for NSY.”
“Lestrade?”
Sherlock advanced towards John. He kissed his partner so passionately that Mycroft could see their tongues. Every adult in the room was whistling. “Get a room, you twats,” he could hear Sherrin said, and everybody erupted into laughter.
“Five thirty today. You’ll be at John F. Kennedy airport by twelve,” Mycroft said. “At Salt Lake Airport by five and ten local time.”
They went upstairs and showered. After the shower, Sherlock and John dressed in their morning dress. The only difference was their neck accessory; Sherlock wore a rainbow tie while John wore a purple one. “Handsome,” John said, kissing Sherlock’s cheeks.
“I told you so…” one of the officers murmured.
Even with his drug use, Sherlock was very careful and besides he only did drugs sharing needles for three years between 2003 to 2006 introduced by his ex-lover, Victor Trevor.
Sherlock got another of his computer from under the cofee table.  He turned the thing on and opened the Numbers app. He typed Name in one column; working in another and then the third is where.
“Me too, Love. I wondered about why people needed to go away to school. Sure, it thought you or them to be more independent but you don’t need to go to school.” John said.
“Mmmm,” Sherlock mumbled.
After a long silence, Sherlock spoke. “John, Are you freaking kidding me?” He huffed indignantly and said. “, He knew… They actually… knew, John.” He was shouting now. “It could have been me. Hell, it could have been you, too. We must get them. And what were you doing?” John wanted to answer, Sherlock cut him off. “You were making friends with that man, God, John. A man who knew that My brother was being raped.”
“Yes?”
“But I touched him, Mycroft. He was pretty dead to me,” John said indignantly.
Mrs Hudson, who was sitting in her chair watching telly, looked at him. “Oh, John, dear, Sherlock is in C.” When Sherlock first came back to London, 221C was renovated by Mycroft.
——————————-
“Sherlock, we lost connection with him.” The detective stood, pacing around.
John laughed a deep harsh sound. “You know, mum, for many years I hated myself for being gay.”
He opened the door and entered. As soon as he was inside, he gasped. There were four kids that had been left inside sitting on chairs next to each other and they were reading bibles.
Sherlock looked contemplative; he was drumming his left hand on the door handle. “John, you know that ABA and conversion therapy are basically the same. They are based on behaviourism.”
When Sherlock woke up the morning after his diagnosis, he felt many emotions. He was sad and angry and he was most of all scared.
“The investigation, the group chat.”
I could see now what the implication of this was. “I just thought that when Mike said that Sherlock was an addict he took pot or something."
“I.. of course.” They knock at Mrs Hudson’s door. She opened the door after three knocks.
“Yes, me included, Sherlock,” Kate said grinning.
“Okay, so we need to find Sebastian Moran, now,” Sherlock said, looking at John and Kate, back and forth. He sighed.
Sherlock nodded and returned back to his work. “Bring the body to Barts.”
He followed Sherlock out of Scotland Yard; he saw him sitting in his car. Sherlock blinked and looked up at him as he entered the vehicle.
He didn't think that, after the ordeal, he and John would be able to continue the whole consulting detective business. They would be having children. It was time to grow up, Sherlock.
Sherlock frowned. “I guess.”
“Sherlock?” Lestrade said; when Sherlock turned to leave him there. “Okay, I am sorry. Do your case.”
Sherlock was annoyed with his brother about being in the goddamn desert. He wasn’t annoyed at Carter; he was annoyed with the environment. He couldn’t sleep, the taste of the tea was so much more inferior than in London and it was really hot.
Sherlock and John left Barts. “Let's go out to eat somewhere?” Sherlock said.
John knew that Sherlock needed to think about an answer to a question before answering it. “I know you hated it there, why? What was wrong with ABA? Sherlock, tell me about the therapist.”
As soon as they entered the detective inspector’s office; Greg ran towards them. “Sherlock?” A question in his eyes. “Oh, good, you’re here.”
“So,” Sherlock stood up. “You know about the accusation of childhood sexual abuse. Because if you genuinely did not know that Victor or my brother Mycroft were abused by Landon, then it would be in the school's bad graces to have us here.” He’d paced back and forth.
Sherlock looked affronted. “Yes, I know twenty questions. I’m not an idiot, John.”
“The person who was killed was not the target."
As they were driving, he looked at Sherlock. He had so much love for him that it hurt.  He remembered watching Sherlock sleep in Baskerville - that was the first instance he knew he loved Sherlock.
As soon as they were inside Sherlock began to have some of the same issues he had been having earlier today.  John had to guide Sherlock through the hospital which he had never done.
“Yes. I could hook you up with something tonight.” Sherrin could imagine Mycroft’s grinning face.
Mycroft gave him a firm smile. Sherlock knew how important this was for his brother; he smiled back.
“Are you serious? That was great, Sherlock, amazing.”
They all sat down. “I am a big fan of the blog, Dr Watson,” Callahan said. “Tea, you like, boys.” The younger men nodded their ascent. “He called to his assistant.
He took a bath and, when he returned, Sherlock was asleep in their bed. He sighed. “Nah… come back here. It’s Christmas; sex should be your gift to me, not some romantic bullshit or something like that.”
“What? You found Carter, Sherlock?” John was probably thinking that Sherlock was mad.
—————-
John sighed. “It’s okay to show weakness, Sherlock, no one will know.” The detective shoved John. “Ouch, it’s true though, no one would care, love, okay.”
After the call, John placed Sherlock’s computer in the study table and watch a show; checking on Sherlock seizure, which he had three that day.
Kate sighed at the other end of the line. “Don’t ask her about the agency, ask her where she is from. It could sound very suspicious very quickly.”
They had to cancel their meeting at Harrow today. John called Callahan, Callahan wasn’t happy, but Sherlock looked awful, and there was no way that John would let him interview the school.
“I know,” said John, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
“Okay,” the woman said. “An ambulance is on its way.”
“Don’t get me wrong, Sherlock, I like our life. However, I want to understand you.”
John thought for a bit. “What is the job of the person in the truck?” There was a truck right next to them: a honking green Ford f150.
“Oh, wow,” Mycroft said; giving John and Sherlock a once over.
Sherlock nodded and walked towards Central Park station with John following behind.
Sherrin was vocal stimming, like a locomotive engine. “At the shops. Johann Sebastian Bach composed six little preludes. Would you want to hear?” She turned to me.
Five minutes later, he heard Sherlock decanting down the landing. Sherlock sat close to but not touching him.
“Please, Sherlock. I am bored.”
“Love,” he said, patting Sherlock’s arm.
“The book cypher, I learned from a show I watch.”
“Sherlock, I need to put an IV line on you, love.” John stuck a needle into Sherlock’s arm. “You can come in, guys.” They carried Sherlock downstairs. Luckily it was only three in the afternoon and there weren’t many neighbours around.
“Oh, John, that’s silly.” Sherlock scoffed.
“It’s ten-twenty, love, why? Are you hungry?" John asked, looking at Sherlock expectantly.
Chapter 3
xxXxXxxXXX
“Eighteen quid, sir.” John handed him a twenty. He sat back after the server handed him the change.
I nodded, as we started playing again.  Sherlock went to the piano and played a short rendition of heart and soul. “It’s amazing, Sherlock,” I said as I felt my stomach growl.
Mycroft shook his head. “Sherlock, I would be l was leaving.” Mycroft stood up and at the out of the flat. “I won’t ask you to come tomorrow but if you want then it would be good.” With that Mycroft left the flat.
They left to go to the FBI office in New York City. Sherlock took John’s hand and gave it a tight squeeze. What he didn’t say was: “We can do this together. I love you so much.”
“I don’t want to talk about it, please, John.”
“Is it that obvious, John?” He smirked.
Sherlock hailed a cabbie outside office. Inside the cab, John said, “A bit not good, Sherlock, why did you do that?”
“No.” They reached Baker Street and went up the seventeen steps to their flat. The apartment was quiet; Willow was with the nanny upstairs.  Sherlock, after washing the evidence of his self-stimulatory behaviour went up to her room.
“Am I right, Lestrade? He was sexually assaulted, right?" Sherlock leapt on to his hunches.
“Is he awake?”
‘Carter,’ John replied. Sherlock’s phone rang. Sherlock answered at the first ring.
‘Unidentified no more. You were right. GL.’
Sherlock woke up with a start however when he saw John he relaxed minisculely.  “John,” he said standing up. “Let’s go.”
“To the yard,” Sherlock said, a bit distracted.
Mrs Hudson looked at the two of them with a bewildering smile. “Oh, scientist.”
Kate was shouting in their ears. “Don’t let your emotions show. We are almost there. Just ask her about Jim.”
Sherlock handed a tissue. “We need to take talked to him.”
Sherlock went to sit on the chair closest to Earvin’s bed while John was arguing with the boy’s mother. He was very nervous because he didn’t do well with teenagers. Teenagers were a mystery to him. “I am a detective from London. So, can you tell me what happened to Carter Alexander?” Sherlock asked.
He met Sherlock upstairs.
Mycroft answered instantaneously. ‘Any injuries?’
This morning, I went to class with Sherlock, Music Theory and Composition. Because Sherlock doesn’t want a ‘buddy’ at all, I worked in the room as a teaching assistant. The class went on smoothly for our first day.
“So, you don’t want me to go?” Sherlock asked.
John left the house and went to local a mom and pop bookstore near Baker Street. He and Sherlock got together over a year ago after the pink lady’s case. It hadn’t been easy. Sherlock’s autism made certain aspects of the relationship hard, like touching; but they worked around the difficulty. John was amazed at how he and Sherlock had to survive not just that they had thrived.
It wasn't until he had dialed 999 three times that he remembered he was in America. He dialed the appropriate number.
John gave a token protest. “Sherlock, no, you need to tell them.”
“Thank you.”
“No, Mr Holmes, That’s not what that was.”
Sherlock nodded. “You didn’t know?”
I turned to Sherlock. “You get your iPad.” He nodded and stood up. I followed him.  “Where are we going?” He typed.
The boys went back to the flat after driving around London. Sherlock began the search for victims of childhood Sexual abuse in the UK’s finest boarding schools. They found one in Essex. They made an appointment with him on monday morning.
I sat back with our drinks and held Sherlock’s hand under the table. He just looked at me and gave my hand a tight squeeze back. He typed with  his iPad, “I love you, John.”’
He wouldn’t admit it to John but, when he lived in the US in the late 80’s because of his family business, he was bullied in the all boys day school his parents sent him to, because he was clever, autistic, and obviously being a ’girl’ which was a code for being gay.
Sherlock may be noticed the sad tone in his voice; said. “Sorry.” He said remorsefully. “Let’s go home.”
Sherlock was very quiet; looking at Victor and John back and forth. He couldn’t speak for a long time. Mycroft, adamant to send him to boarding school. Mycroft being so protective monitoring him from every angle. It all made sense now. He blinked and asked; “Did he tell you what happen?”
“Your CD4 count is good. We believe that the infection is fairly recent and not an indication of AIDS,” the doctor was saying as Sherlock’s life flashed in his mind's eye. “You might want to inform all your sexual partners.”
His father took a deep breath. “I know what you heard earlier and I could see that you didn’t approve of our methods…”
Sherlock woke up to a man entering his hospital room. He had been annoyed earlier that John had brought him to the hospital; he had told his husband explicitly not to bring him here. It was just the flu after all.
“Why?” John asked a tad bit confused.
Sherlock looked at Greg squarely. “Lestrade! You know that John and I are going to be dads in half a year. You know when we first met, you were a constable working MVA's and my mother was killed in a car accident.”
“Do you really think that?”
Sherlock needed to use his ace card now. He was feeling guilty about the whole scenario; however, needs must. “What happens to you at school?” He asked quietly. Mycroft paled; he noticed with grim satisfaction.
“Yes, they don’t know what drug it is yet but they want to sedate him.”
“Are you still now?”
“Sherlock, love, wake up. We need to go,” he said, shaking Sherlock’s shoulder.
John turned on his computer, fired up the word document, and begin typing his article. He loved writing. In fact, by secondary school, he was in his journalism club. Therefore it wasn’t hard for him to write an article, however, it was hard for him to write this specific topic.
Sherlock and John looked at her. "Thank you, too, for helping us. We…” John looked at Sherlock. “really appreciate your help.” Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement of John’s words.
“Shh, it's okay. Mycroft told me about you, but that’s water under the bridge, okay?  I am here, love.”  John pressed the call button.
John shook his head. “No? Is he your ex?” he joked. Sherlock didn't answer, just smirked. “He is, isn’t he?”
I took a deep breath and nervously tapped my fingers on my mobile. I thought, was this accidental?  Sherlock was a recovering addict. I clicked call. “Hello, Mycroft.” He answered at the first ring. “It's John Watson, listen, I am with Sherlock at A&E.”
Sherlock woke up an hour later. He didn’t look good, poor him. There was a buzzing sound outside. “Don’t stand, Sherlock. I’ll get it.”
He could hear Mycroft on the other end of the line talking to someone. “There are harnesses, John.”
“We need to go see Danielle anyway.” Dannielle was their surrogate mother; she had a family of her own.
I went downstairs, as I lived alone just outside campus. Grabbing a granola bar I went to sit down in my living room.  It was a sunny day and, as I was about to leave, my phone rang; it was my friend from Student affairs. “Watson?”
I could hear Mycroft sigh. “When he was seventeen, he overdosed on Adderall.”
He sighed, typing furiously. “I knew I’d screw up, however, I was just very bored and I thought you would understand that all my life I never had the freedom to be who I was.”
John saw as his partner held on to his hair and muttered.
Sherlock nodded his head, yes. He signed. ‘I am fine, Milverton just creeps me out.’
“What? He was being molested at school.” Sherlock said, voice tight. He may lack social graces but he couldn’t let a child be targeted.
John didn’t know what he should tell Mycroft. “If he was retired, then why?”
“Thank you, Greg, as always,” Sherlock said. He sent packages to Greg’s office all the time.
“Ok, Hopkins, later,” Greg said standing up. The younger DI nodded.
After they ate, Sherlock and John went to the bathroom as John had knownSherlock would do. He washed his hands until his fingers were raw. “Sherlock, stop it, love.” John said. Luckily for him, Sherlock did stop.
Sherlock heard the doctor but he didn’t. He could see John lingering around in the room but he couldn't. It was like he was watching telly with only one eye open. It was so unreal. It was like his whole life up to that point flashing in his head.
Sherlock froze. “No,” he said almost angrily. Sherlock was rocking back and forth.
“I am sorry, John,” Sherlock blurted out.
“I didn’t want you to know, because you might have wanted to leave. People left before,” saidSherlock.
“Thank you for your help.”
“Do you think my parents let me just be?” He asked, the robotic voice was incongruent with to the implication words.
Sherlock took a shower and John gathered their meagre belongings. He helped Sherlock pack his things. They went to a convenience store for drinks and some snacks.
John woke up with a stiff neck and a raging erection. And with Sherlock sleeping on top of him. He froze as he felt Sherlock's stomach right over his crotch. That was really too much right now, and John decided he needed to get up and away.
When they reached the building, which contained one gym and another studio, Sherlock couldn’t understand why he didn’t want to let go of John. The blond probably had studying to do, definitely something more worth his time than watch Sherlock stumble nervously. And shouldn’t extra audience make him even more anxious?
They drank the wine and chatted about nothing in particular, occasionally taking each other’s hand or reaching over the corner of the table to press a kiss on the other’s lips. John was glad and a little smug when he realised Sherlock had set the table so that they were almost next to each other instead of sitting at the opposite ends, making kissing much easier.
Without a word, the man stepped aside to let John come in, which the blonde man did with a quick "see you later" at Mrs. Hudson. He entered the living room and turned to face Sherlock. After just looking at each other for far too long to be comfortable, John had to try to say something. Apparently Sherlock got his brilliance working again at the same time too, because John's amazing attempt of "uh, so, umm" got drowned by the brunette's baritone.
They agreed to get proper rings before Christmas.
It said ‘candlelight dinner’, this time written in a beautiful handwriting and had a small drawing of a candle with a few holly leaves as decoration next to it. John stared at the card until something brushed against his back and he jumped in surprise.
"Back to work!" Lestrade shouted tiredly, and John was certain this wasn't the first time the brunette ran off like this.
After a short paperwork circus at the Yard, Sherlock and John were free to go home. John was thrilled to get a proper meal and hopefully a longish nap on their own bed, but Sherlock clearly wasn't finished.
Sherlock blinked slowly and shook his head. "No, that was... good." He blushed as John gave him a wide smile. "Very good. Do you want me to...?" He looked down at John's crotch, the pink on his cheeks only growing stronger.
Here he was, just lying on the sofa, watching John. John, who was the first person to tolerate him and definitely the first to say he loved Sherlock. John, who had somehow managed to penetrate Sherlock’s walls and now they were here. Home.
John opened his arms. "Come here, love. It's all fine, I’m actually happy that you asked me to stop in time, but I'm hoping you could talk to me about it."
Sherlock nodded and got to his knees in front of John. "Mm, but I'd like another taste."
"Very good, Sherlock," John praised as he gave Sherlock a sip of water to wash off the taste of wine. "Just a few left."
The dancer had now buried his face to the pillow which mostly muffled his gasps, but after a while John realised he had gotten so aroused, even without meaning to, that he really had to do something about it. He gave Sherlock’s hips one last squeeze and leaned back to sit up straight. Immediately, Sherlock got on one elbow and peered at John.
The day before the show’s premiere, Sherlock seemed to be stressed to the point of exhaustion. He seemed to think he was the worst dancer ever, even though he didn’t really say anything. But John could read the way Sherlock sulked on the corner of the sofa, after John had fed him apple slices and yoghurt for breakfast, and managed to pull the dancer to his lap, stroking his back slowly.
He went back downstairs after a while. Sherlock was laying there, his hands steepled under his chin. John sat on his chair - there was
“I’m not wearing that!” John protested, staring at the clothes while Sherlock started changing, leaving his coat and the suit in the cabinet and pulling on his dance belt, a pair of nude tights and a leotard that was the same shade of nude. “Come on John, there’ll only be the two of us. And we need to get going, this place’s going to be flooded with dancers in a few hours.”
“Shhh, just sleep, you’ve got a few hours before your alarm,” Sherlock whispered, kissing John’s forehead before disappearing to the loo. John shrugged mentally, rolling over and falling asleep again.
That morning they were both in the living room, John with his cuppa and the day’s paper and Sherlock with his mind palace. The brunette was organising footprint patterns from the most recent, but something broke his concentration and he turned to look at John, thinking it was him asking something.
They ended up falling asleep on the couch, cuddled close to each other with their legs entangled under the afghan that John had pulled on top of them before succumbing to sleep.
There is a tree as old as me
Sherlock just chuckled and nodded, his head resting against John’s. “Yeah, I do. And I love you, too.”
John sat up and opened the envelope, shaking his head fondly. This time the card was folded, with a detailed number 25 on the front. John opened it and smiled widely. 'I'll wear the antlers for Christmas Day' it said. John was about to put the card back when he noticed it had text on the back as well.
“Looks very professional to me,” he nodded, trying to sound smart, and smiled at Sherlock. “And the colour will fit you perfectly, it’ll look very nice on you.”
As the night started to fall, John finally got up and started on the dinner preparations. Sherlock stayed on the sofa, drifting in and out of sleep, still a bit distracted by everything. John brought him a few pieces of toast with a good helping of cold cuts as a very late dinner.
It worked,
They were sitting on the sofa, Sherlock’s lithe feet resting on John’s lap. The brunet had arrived home just half an hour ago, having spent the last two hours practicing at the university’s gymnasium which had been the only place where he could practice for free that day. Sometimes he got a few minutes at some local dance studio when a student cancelled but that was rare, and Sherlock kept complaining how he could never get better due to the lack of proper practice.
Sherlock had been woken up by Mrs. Hudson's fussing and had stalked over to lean on the living room doorframe. John glanced at him, smiling, and continued arrange his ingredients. He was going to start with the dough, as it would need to sit in the fridge for a while before baking to enhance the fl-
The truth was, he hadn't been eating well after Afghanistan. Hell, he hadn't been doing
now, are you sure?”
After a while he nipped at John's lower lip for the final time before pushing the doctor upwards, immediately tugging at his t-shirt again. John got the hint and pulled the garment off and tossing it to the floor.
. Sherlock gave John a slightly desperate-looking face and John just shrugged back. Then he went to the kitchen to check on the turkey which was indeed ready. Sherlock helped to clear off some space on the table for John to cut it and to scoop the rest of it in a separate dish.
The detective opened his mouth and released a small breath, but the thought we had been about to voice escaped him and he just continued to blink like an idiot. Somehow he felt like he should try to impress this man, but on the other hand he was terribly afraid of driving him away. And the feeling itself was something he wasn't sure he wanted to have. But this man, this particular man, doctor John Watson, was his soulmate. It had to mean something.
“Wow, this really looks great,” John sighed, looking at Sherlock, who nodded. “I’m glad you liked it,” he muttered, taking a few steps closer. The detective’s eyes flicked from John’s face to something above the doctor’s head and then back as Sherlock came even closer.
John started to descend the stairs, looking at Lestrade over his soulder. "Yeah, well it seems he's not quite the people person, running off like that."
"Afghanistan or Iraq?"
"Not really my area, no."
“You do that. Thank you, for the help with the props,” Mrs Hudson smiled, shaking his head. “I’m getting too old to take care of this all by myself.”
“Oh, nothing,” John grinned, lowering the pile of fabrics he was currently carrying. “You just look very good when dancing on the stage.”
"Definitely drunk," John thought to himself as he explored the inside of Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock ran his hands all over John's chest, but John refrained from going further. Even kissing like this was still quite new for Sherlock, and being drunk as he was, things started to slow down quite soon.
Christmas Day started with Sherlock shaking John awake and poking him on the nose with the corner of an envelope.
“Of course you’ll be there to see it,” he mumbled distractedly as he tried to straighten a picture of holly leaves that John had glued awry.
Some domestic fluff and sexy moments.
Sherlock let out a quiet sound in return, tightening his fingers around John and sliding his other hand lower, exploring John's testicles carefully. That did it for John, and he came after a few strokes, groaning Sherlock's name.
John wanted this Christmas to be special.
"Do you need help? I could help." Sherlock's voice cut through John's planning, the detective sounded a bit small and a bit urgent.
So he took the offered hand and and let the doctor lead him to their bedroom. Before John could lay down though, Sherlock wrapped his hands tightly around him and buried his head in John’s neck.
“Of course I want to hang it here,” he said, smiling and taking the plastic decoration, looking at it. “We should have them all over the flat, so I’d have an excuse to kiss you more often. Well, I don’t really need an excuse, do I?” he asked, grinning widely and leaning in. Sherlock blinked and then smiled, meeting John in the middle and kissing him softly.
Sherlock took his while to enjoy the lovely crooked smile John gave him and then relaxed against John once again, stroking his back and hair, feeling immensely happy.
They assembled the gingerbread house and decorated it with colourful chocolate drops and tiny marshmallows, sipping the wine and giggling. John ended up licking Sherlock's fingers clean from the icing while Sherlock's ears blushed from the tips from the wine.
Unsurprisingly, massaging Sherlock was all he could think of for the rest of the morning. He thought about how compact Sherlock’s calves and thighs would feel under his touch as he was writing a prescription of nasal drops and he almost blushed when he had to write a referral to a masseuse, remembering Sherlock’s hands on him.
“John, this is almost too easy. A little bit of ballet and eye-fucking, and you’re already leaking?” he teased, now wrapping his fingers around John.
‘Breakfast in bed’ it said. John listened, but no sounds came from the rest of the flat, and he’d noticed if Sherlock had snuck out recently. He was about to reach for his phone to check the time when Sherlock pushed the door open with his foot, carrying a large tray.
“This is a bit more than just a bit, you’re a saint. Now, Sherlock’s of course going to try everything too, right?” At that, they started to pile their plates.
"No, I mean this is where I live, but I was doing something before you tried to knock me down. I have to go back."
"And it was celery in that soup," he practically whined and slumped against the doctor. "It said water chestnut. Celery, John!"
Oh well, I've got a few more ideas ;)
"Don't worry, we’ve got all sorts around here. Mrs. Turner next door, she's got married ones." Oh, Sherlock was going to
~’*’~
The table was set for two, with dark red plates, shiny cutlery and crystal wine glasses with a snowflake-like pattern. John stared at the setting until he noticed the envelope, picking it up and opening it.
"Sherlock? Oh it is you! I was just making tea and thought I heard scratching but you didn't come in. Who's this?" Mrs. Hudson was looking at John with far more surprise than she should be allowed. Before Sherlock managed to open his mouth (why on Earth was he being so slow?) John was extending his hand for Mrs. Hudson to shake.
“Um, Sherlock?” John started. The brunet gave a noncommittal hum, apparently not entirely noticing John’s nerves. “Yeah, uh. I was thinking. About your dancing...”
"But I was right here." Sherlock' voice was soft and so small. John immediately turned on his heels and went to sit next to the brunette man.
Sherlock just looked at him and smiled again. He had no idea what to say and he was afraid he'd just end up staring at the blonde again like in the café. He busied himself with his laptop, which he had to dig from under a stack of papers. Luckily, the kitchen table seemed to have passed Mrs. Hudson's raid and she entered the living room, still muttering about the water on the floor. Then she remembered John, and turned to him.
Sherlock moaned with his head buried in the carpet and tried to get up onto his elbows. John pulled back and reached to press his hand on Sherlock's neck.
I couldn't resist when I saw that hedgehog cookie recipe :P
"December, John! Christmas!" Sherlock said, exasperated.
"No, I - it's... nothing, nothing happened." John could see Sherlock wasn't hurt, just quite tense and blushing slightly. But nothing major had happened so he decided to drop it. He could get so insecure about making mistakes and it didn’t do any good to probe around, so John decided to let it be, Sherlock would tell him if it was something important.
~'*'~
"Will you come?" Lestrade looked desperate but knowing the police Sherlock was quite surprised how well they had handled the case so far.
"Care for a shower?"
Everyone had them. They were like a birthmark or a tattoo. No one knew how it happened, but everyone had words written on their bodies. And those words would be the first thing your soulmate said to you, if you ever were to encounter them. They could be anything from a simple "hello" to a cheesy pick-up line, even full-page poetry, but it always was the soulmate's handwriting.
One of his friends got splinters on his abdomen and died during the surgery. John had spent over an hour trying to remove all of them, and the man’s Words ("You really just said that?") were the only thing John could remember clearly. They had been the first thing he remembered when he had woken up from a nightmare the next night.
Eventually he had had enough. His brother seemed to be above such trivial things, always talking about goldfish and eventually the attitude caught on. It took him 5 months of complete isolation, hours of meditating every day and several overdoses, but finally he could go out and be above it all. He had always known he was smart but now that he had a technique for organising and controlling his thoughts and memories, and it wasn’t long before he found his place. Solving crimes and mysteries was just what he needed, the excitement enough to finally get him to break his "drug habit", as Mycroft called it. He found a DI who would take him seriously and allow him to crime scenes instead of only giving him cold case files, and everything was fine.
tumblr post.
In the evening, they went out for pints with John’s old army mates and they had a good time. John was surprised at the amount of effort Sherlock was putting into it all, making small talk and even toasting with all the guys every time they got new rounds.
The doctor got up and picked up his shirt and Sherlock's pajama bottoms. Then he looked at Sherlock, seemingly glowing with the fairy lights behind him, the morning still too early to cast a proper light.
"So what's it going to be?"
“That’s because you don’t know much at all about ballet nor all the nuances associated with it.” John giggled, kissing the top of his head. “Most people don’t, you know that. It was great, and you’ll have two more chances to perfect everything.”
I thought that French disco music wasn't quite the thing for this, so I had to come up with something
“It was from a hand gun, they told me," John stated. "Mrs. Hudson was more worried about the rug and you were all over the place so I was the one to give a statement. Not that I could help much, I don’t know a bloody thing about this whole thing. You disappeared and when I got back the whole place was covered in tape. Then I saw Mrs. Hudson...”
John felt his brain freeze again then. The candle was really doing things to him, yes, but someone really assumed he was
“It’s fine if you don’t want to – I should’ve actually told you first, before telling anyone else,” Sherlock mumbled, glancing at the direction of the cottage. “I just… I’ve sort of always wanted to keep bees, it was a back-up plan if something happened and I couldn’t – well, but then I thought. Um, we’re going to have to retire one day, don’t we?”
The look on Lestrade's face told John all he needed to know before the silver-haired man even spoke. "More often than reasonable. He's a bloody nuisance sometimes. But God help me, I need him."
When they’d both had their fill of the delicious food, moved to the sofa to finish the bottle of wine and snog some more. Sherlock got a little giggly when tipsy and John spent a good while just tickling the brunet’s neck with his lips, making Sherlock giggle and shiver.
followed
Today, Sherlock emerged from their bedroom as John was about to leave for work and actually pulled John under the mistletoe so he could kiss him.
They had quite a lot of fun in the end, trying some basic moves and tactics before putting up a small game.
They walked down the stairs and then John opened the door, revealing a young-ish blonde woman behind it. Sherlock went from confusion to jealousy to anger to curiosity in less than a second until a bright, loud bark pulled his eyes from the woman to her feet, where an Irish Redsetter puppy was trying its hardest to break free from the leash and get to them, seemingly bursting with excitement.
Mrs Hudson had signed the slip hastily, and John chuckled, finding her from the side of the stage and giving a quiet nod. She nodded back and even gave him a thumbs-up before disappearing somewhere again. John relaxed on his seat as everyone got their places and the ballet began.
But they survived without any bigger bruises, and Sherlock seemed quite happy too, which John thought was quite a big thing. He’d loved rugby – still did even though he didn’t play anymore – so it was satisfying to see that Sherlock could like it too. John wondered if Sherlock felt the same way about John’s respect towards ballet too.
“Of course I can come, I’ve still got almost a week to study. Will something special happen tomorrow?”
“Oh, god…” Sherlock moaned as John sunk down, trying to keep his hips still for now, letting John choose the pace. As John started to move, Sherlock’s hands came to rest on his thighs, feeling them flex as John lifted himself up. Not soon after Sherlock started thrusting too, both reached their climax and John leaned down to kiss Sherlock to muffle his moans.
A short chapter I wasn't planning to write at all, but oh well.
"The blue one... ha, here!" He announced triumphantly, holding up a lonely blue sock. "Now where's the pair..." He rummaged the drawer, frowning deeply. "What. I just had it in here!" He groaned, throwing his hands up before moving to look through the shirts. "Where on earth did I manage to lose it?"
“A few times. I solved a crime for the owner, and he introduced me to the dogs,” Sherlock said, smiling again as one of the dogs jumped to the sofa and sat next to him. “I think we’re going to take you out today," he mumbled, scratching behind the dog's ear.
, John. Everywhere! I’m never getting up.”
"The case was left in the car they came with. After the murder it couldn't have taken more than five minutes for the murderer to realise his mistake. Like everything else, the case had to be pink so all I had to do was search every alley wide enough for a car within five-minute-drive from the crime scene. Didn't take me too long to find the right skip."
Sherlock twisted his hands a bit and blushed lightly. His hair was already wet and sticking to his face. "I... You're just slightly extraordinary sometimes, I didn't... It just came-"
“I’m never letting you go, you’ll grow old with me.”
I'm late, I know! Yesterday was a mess and this is a really short chapter (but even more fluffy I hope). But you'll be getting the next one on time tomorrow, don't worry :)
John was absentmindedly rubbing and massaging his calves, still hitting all the right places because he had spent hours memorising the muscles and nerves one afternoon (purely for his medical studies; Sherlock’s legs correlated quite well with his textbook charts, though Sherlock had still enjoyed the act immensely). Sherlock was still tense after his routines though he said he couldn’t do much other than stretching and basic moves, since there were no mirrors in the gymnasium.
Sherlock glanced at him quickly and then lifted up a little before sinking down again, moaning John’s name.
Sherlock scoffed, balancing the tray with a few old books and coffee mug. “You’re the type who eats on the sofa anyways, that habit would never last long,” he said absentmindedly, poking on one petri dish with a pipette.
Judging by the speed Sherlock got them to his bedroom, he was all on board.
Past caring, Sherlock was just about to turn and continue his venture towards the door when the man finally managed to speak.
"Are you sure? Does you arm hurt?" John was quickly getting aroused, but he couldn't forget how loudly the bone had snapped just a few days ago.
Even though Sherlock’s surprising calendar project had made John feel like it was Christmas Eve already, the running from crime scenes to the NSY quickly threw John back to reality. When Sherlock was studying the crime scene, John could only stand there and try to figure out what the man was after, which was what he did pretty much always. When they got to the Yard, Sherlock examined the rest of the material that was given to him and then laid out the details of the case, solving it rather fast. Greg rushed to arrest the culprit and then Sherlock and John were free to head home.
Sherlock quickly did as asked, crawling to John, who then tugged him into his lap. Draped over John's thighs, Sherlock's feet and hands barely touched the floor.
Tables and chairs worn by all of the dust
“It’s Moroccan, I know you like the flavours and spices and one chef owed me a favour,” Sherlock explained, opening a bottle of wine while John filled his plate with the food, still stunned silent.
"I did? I read about them when I was little, but it was just one winter. Never really returned to them the next winter."
This might not even be the shortest chapter I've ever written.
John gazed at Sherlock lovingly, rewarding him with hundreds of kisses. "You're the best husband. You made a whole jumper for me, that's... How did you even manage this without me noticing?"
John just kissed him again, pausing his hands for a while. "Of course, of course." Sherlock ran his fingers up and down John's back, gathering his thoughts.
"Two," he moaned obediently, arching his back and whimpering when John cupped the offended cheek again. "You're doing fine, Sherlock," John chuckled, jiggling the cheeks slightly before spanking him again.
"Oh, yeah..." John took a sip of water, wondering what to say next. Then it occurred to him, something he hadn't noticed had been bothering him.
Sherlock hadn't said a word to him. The brunette just hailed a cab and now they were in a small, exceedingly romantic Italian restaurant and John felt drunk. What on earth could this restaurant have to do with the suitcase they had been looking at ten minutes ago?
“What do they say then?”
"Mrs. Hudson!" Sherlock called out as they stomped down the stairs. "John will take the bedroom upstairs, please go dust it. You can change the sheets too; I have spare ones on my closet. Take those for now." The landlady was already in the hallway wiping her hands on a towel and just spared a fondly tolerant smile at the brunette. "Just this once dear, I'm not your housekeeper. You're lucky that John here seems so nice."
"I can too. Come on, it'll start to rain soon."
"You know they didn't leave notes? This one did.”
“You okay?” His bedroom door opened and John peeked in.
John had talked Sherlock into helping him make a gingerbread house, Sherlock had made the plan and now John was cutting the proper-sized pieces from the dough.
When the gusts came around to blow me down
He pulled out two pairs of figure skates: comfortable-looking, brown ones for John and sleek, black ones for himself. "I chose figure skates for you too since you haven't skated in ages so there's no particular type of skates you're used to now, and it'll be easier for me to teach you when we've got the same type of skates."
John woke up to a pain-filled groan that didn’t come from him. He rolled over to where Sherlock flopped back with another discontented sound. “What’s wrong?”
Next stop was a place John hadn’t been completely sure they could get into, but he’d written it there in the hopes that it might happen.
Mrs. Hudson had settled the dishes on the table when they returned, John carrying the turkey and the carrot-bean-mess and Sherlock balancing the plates, cutlery and glasses on his left hand. They set the table and sat down. Besides their turkey, there was now potato casserole, carrot casserole, something with fish and blackcurrants in it and cranberry sauce. The other tray, which apparently contained the desserts, was waiting on the coffee table.
"Will be fine if I get some proper endorphins to my bloodstream." John couldn't help but chuckle. Such a Sherlock thing to say.
“Sherlock? I’m home,” he called out, leaving the bags to shrug off his coat. Sherlock peeked his head from the kitchen and then quickly walked to the living room to give John today’s envelope and pick up the bags. “You’re being helpful,” John grinned and took the envelope, opening it.
“John, there’s-“
"Well it did. And this year it's coming early, I can smell it now."
He was steeling himself and about to turn away and climb the steps to the third damn floor, when John laid his hand on Sherlock’s arm. “Would you like me to… I could -”
But the blonde apparently was going to undo only the first two or three buttons, and when Sherlock looked back at the man, his breath escaped him in a rush and his heart stopped beating for a second or so.
"Oh, okay then," John grinned, promptly letting his towel drop to the floor. Sherlock froze for a second, CD on his hand, and then cleared his throat. "Uh, you can lay down on the table. On your, uh... stomach, at first."
“Uh, right, so I was thinking. Maybe if you would like to, or want to – to get one?” John silently cursed his inability to be his normal, confident self about this. Instead he felt unnaturally nervous which was, well, unnerving. He kept his gaze downwards, stroking his hand idly across Sherlock’s legs.
So he really had spent some time thinking about his Christmas present to Sherlock and now he had one idea. But they would have a proper first Christmas together, with or without gifts.
They also bought wrapping paper before they stopped at a café to get hot drinks. They were both done with the crowds and agreed that they’d shopped enough. But when John suggested they take separate ways home so they could buy gifts for each other Sherlock refused, saying that John shouldn’t get him anything.
"That's all right." John took Sherlock's hand and turned to go. He felt Sherlock lace their fingers together and smiled.
John didn’t really pay attention to the things their guide told them, partly because he knew it all and partly because he was too busy remembering the times he’d spent there.
As John finally aimed for his prostate and started brushing it on every thrust, Sherlock tipped over the edge.
They spent the whole evening doing Christmas preparations. They argued playfully over Christmas foods, and Sherlock got entangled while uncoiling the blue Christmas lights. Finally, they were ready and decided to open a bottle of red wine just to celebrate.
Inspired by
Heart sinking, John had jumped out of bed, leaping across the room and yanking the window open to make sure - yes, there was nothing summerlike about the weather anymore. It was the first day of autumn, and as he had smelled the distinct whiff of winter that most people couldn't sense, John had died.
"What?"
"Where is it? I won't use the police car; I'll be right behind." Sherlock tried to suppress his excitement.
"Noo, it was just two bottles. Glad they didn't try to give us a cheaper brand, I would've noticed." Sherlock was almost lisping by now and John was feeling the alcohol in his own blood too. He laughed and hugged Sherlock closer.
Sherlock’s face was starting to turn slightly red and his eyes wouldn’t stay open as the initial adrenaline wore off, so they took the painkillers the doctor prescribed and headed home. As soon as they arrived at 221b, Sherlock collapsed – very carefully – onto the sofa and curled on his side, still cradling the arm. John could see his breathing was still too heavy and took pity.
But the man said nothing, just grabbed Sherlock’s sleeve and tugged him through the crowd to the back of the café. Sherlock was just about to disagree on being dragged around when the man turned him by the shoulders and looked straight at him, his apparently deep blue eyes slightly wide. When he spoke again, the words came out in a rush. “I need you to not run away now, okay?”
The marks on Sherlock's neck turned brilliant red. A brilliant echo of the pale marks on John's own neck. Still there despite John's venture into being an alpha. Changing genders didn't erase scars. Only Sherlock did that.
John closed his eyes. He didn't deserve sweet.
Stonn wanted to call security. Billy wanted Connor back and in his arms and getting a severe talking to, and for security to stay far away. "I know someone else we can ask for help."
Marida looked at him oddly. "Omegas go into heat in the winter. Don't they do that in your time?"
There was always hope. John, as always, was the conductor of it.
John suddenly had the thought that she was about the age his children would have been. If he'd had them. That first time with Sherlock. If they'd survived. There was always that. Actually, no. She'd be six months younger. Or the same for the second set. Or a year older if the third. Infants when things had started. Pregnant with a Eugenics war going on inside him now.
Except the 23
"As if I would let anyone else have you now that I've made you mine," said John. He kissed Sherlock. "I'll send my man to purchase you and count the money well spent."
"Billy," said Soo-Lin coming the other way down the hall. "I wanted to see you before I left." She had a soft smile on her face. It was a kind smile that went all the way into her eyes. The kind of smile his father used to give. "Remember what I've told you. If anything happens, go to Beta Aurigae. It's an unaligned world on the border with the Breen Confederacy and has a large population of Augments. You and Connor will be safe there."
Bashir smiled a genial smile. "Section 31 tried to recruit me straight out of the academy. It wasn't for me." He bounced like a particularly friendly dog. "But I have a few contacts. Enough to arrange for the order for us be transferred to the same location where the cryo chambers were kept so we could see what's what." He shrugged. "All Holmes did when we got here was look for energy signatures."
He had a sinking feeling as well. He had no access to his suppressors, never terribly reliable when Sherlock was around anyway. If the Bakerstreet didn't find them soon, he'd fall into a natural seasonally poly-estrus, cycle and go into heat in the stone-age. On an alien world. While losing his ability to remember or think. Surrounded by Augments with some very strange ideas about alphas and omegas.
"No, it was some sort of… I think it was a temple. There was certainly no dam," said John, carefully picking his way up the narrow trail. The rain had lightened from buckets of water to merely a steady rain. Every centimeter of fabric on his skin clung to his skin. "Are you from the Federation? Earth?"
Sarabeth said, "Push."
John pushed what was inside of him out.
"An aggressive immune system that attacks foreign cellular material and heightened healing," said John.
A daimon is the Ferengi equivalent of a ship's captain.
Sometimes, John looked at Eva, growing like a weed, and he thought about how tiny she'd been when she'd been born. All that potential that was now turning into real life choices. Where once, she'd wanted to be a princess, now she was talking seriously about the Federation's history of using the Prime Directive to ignore the plight of planets like Bajor. She and Lucy had spent a fair amount of time there over the years on leave with the O'Brian family from DS9.
John tried to clear his head with the bracing cold air and the dark night sky above. In the distance, he heard the thump, thump, thump of some sort of craft. John looked at not-Lestrade, squeezing every ounce of speed out of the craft. In a frying pan and fire sort of situation, he slipped over the side onto the ice and ran across the ice to the six of the path the glide unit was taking.
"No, I'm John Watson," said the other Watson, but she no longer believed her. She felt a certain lightness. Relief at being able to sort out who was the killer and who was her friend.
A week passed. They had plenty of laughing intercourse to keep it from hurting.
Sherlock, no not-Sherlock's hold on John loosened. He hyperventilated just a bit. "Trois Primus. Zwei Tertius. Vier Tertius. Sei Quartus." More teens pushed into the room. Pre-teens. Not-Sherlock went from a bit hyperventilating to ventilating like a broken engine. "No. No. No. Irregulars to the wind, not gather in the viper's nest. If you'd come a few minutes earlier. You could have… then you'd be… like Primus and Secundus… although they lived good lives. But they're dead aren't they and I'll never see them again and…" not-Sherlock picked up a very expensive looking thing and smashed it on a wall where it shattered in a million pieces.
Stonn picked up two collars similar to the one he was wearing from a charging device. He efficiently placed one around Watson's neck and then one around Bihr's. She was unsure if the better course would be to resist or stand there. She hoped it wasn't the type of collar that did worse than a mild electric shock. Stonn took the present from her hand and placed it thoughtfully on the transport station.
Sherlock waved them at John more to see John's reaction than anything else. "There are a number of rooms that require direct interaction. The previous consciousness appeared to spend her time sorting filtration units and fabricating materials."
His first day of school felt strange from the moment he got there.
Damar said, "I was afraid of this. I warned you that Cardassia does not have the economic might of the Federation. A mere four months, they are already out producing us. This disparity will only increase. Out recruiting us. Cardassia could never have recovered from a loss like the Seventh Fleet. If we are to hold onto our gains, we need to declare a truce. Focus on destroying the mines blocking the route to the Gamma Quadrant."
"And that means?" prompted John.
Under different circumstances he might have made small talk asking about Sh'Alaack's family.
Dionysus lightly touched Sherlock's bared shoulder. John wished he could stand on both sides of Sherlock, but he was sticking to the half-naked side.
Maybe it was when they realized that they had two siblings that hadn't survived gestation. Not to mention the ones Mum lost before she had them.
Killander couldn't hear her steady heartbeat. Utterly calm.
Euros came closer. She held out her hand. She had a small crystal in it. "I have a treasure. You could try and take it from me. Like real pirates. I'll be the Ice Queen."
John leaned back in the shell, which was well lined with a spongy sort of substance. He let his legs fall apart. "What could I do to please a god?"
Harry, who despite years of biting remarks asked him to be her man of honor at her wedding.
He transported the plant. She was able to confirm that it was an adult plant. His smile at her was brilliant. "I'll tell the others." He practically bounced from the room.
Lucy gave a speech. It was a blur.
Alignment. The smallest alignment. The most recent. Not every child survived the Fenisrala. Their parents would never risk them on such a journey. Mycroft hadn't been allowed to go when he'd turned sixteen last year. They certainly would not allow them to take the route Victor was planning. The shorter and more dangerous five mile journey through the splintered ice canyons.
John was still holding Sherlock, who kept trying to move his hips enough to create friction with John's hand.
“But I think I’ve managed all very well since I started living here; you’ve been a great distraction from my inner struggle to function normally; I’ve learned from you that being a little wacky is kindda useful … you keep my mind busy” - John smiled inadvertently while talking
“I’ll feed you in the mouth if necessary but don’t you dare put your clothes on; don’t you dare.”
Greg stroke Mycroft’s back inside his jacket; what the hell was the fabric this guy’s suits were made of? Goddammed Holmes’ and their perfectly tailored suits who just happen to ignite Greg’s deepest desires. Mycroft smelled of incense cologne. He couldn’t keep touching Mycroft all over; they hunted for each other’s mouths as they merged in a dance of entwined limbs and moans.
John moaned and protested; all his complaints muffled with hotspurs of semen filling his mouth. Greg’s hand prevented him from dropping anything.
John had insisted Sherlock for months to take a small road-trip to Canterbury.
“Should not we discuss first what we will give Mr Saunders?”
"Greg … please, shut …" Mycroft urged.
- he tried to pull off Sherlock’s grip.
Sod it.
Despite everything, and worst of all, John understood. He understood, however, he could not contain the knot in his chest while waiting, like a bullet in enemy land, the story's outcome.
Sherlock sank onto his knees, spreading John's naked legs watching as his throbbing cock began to drip. He put his hands between John's bottom and the back of the chair, holding himself for dear life. As John hooked his leg above Sherlock's shoulder, the other stayed firmly on the floor, grounding both.
“But that’s how it works”, he smiled, “I haven’t felt the need to kick you out of my side, not once.”
Not even after paying for a premium porn subscription John saw and felt anything like that. Lestrade's warm fill worked the perfect lubricant for John to brutally begin thrusting as Sherlock arched harder to get John closer.
“Quadriceps Femoris … “
“Better idea”, John growled, “Feed me with your moans”.
-----
"No food."
John, still completely inside Sherlock, was about to shake his hand when a panting, agitated Greg grabbed his wrist, licking the sticky fluid tasting as much as he could.
– said Greg, dead serious.
“What are you doing? those are garbage, not for charity” – John didn’t feel the need to knock on his own room.
“Nothing; just … cleaning and making sure you don’t get rid of something … very valuable, like these” – said Sherlock lifting one of the notebooks.
- a slap came out of nowhere making him loose balance for a second, but proudly managing to stand in two feet while making an even more exasperated face.
Sherlock would have felt wandering lost in the dark had it not been for John's arms holding him.
“Nothing… I’m just speaking out loud.”
Greg began rimming John again, long wet strokes and licks, from his perineum up to his tailbone; it shouldn’t have tasted good after so many hours of being there, but it just did; it felt and tasted glorious. His prick seemed to second the motion as it quickly began to come back to life and dangle between his legs. He never thought about his tongue length, but taking John's pleasure moans as a faithful indicator, it seemed it was just right for the job.
Carefully, he guided John to the bedroom door before stopping abruptly and turning John into the living room, making him sit in his chair, still protected by his cocoon of cotton.
Mycroft remained silent, considering his options and the possibility of throwing himself into the arms of arrogance and greed, asking for more than they were surely willing to give him to shake off such a tedious request.
- he was going to keep arguing but was interrupted by the sigh of a gasping Sherlock Holmes slowly stroking himself right in front of him. How could he look even more beautiful than a minute ago? His cheeks were flushed, his lips parted and was resting his head on one of John’s thigs.
” – John felt goose bumps at the idea of eating rodents and walked out the kitchen.
"You didn't ask him."
asked John, while heading to Mycroft’s kitchen to get a glass of water – “
“I’ll make sure he puts something nice in there, don’t worry.” – John assured the worried lady.
types of stories, John realized.
The sound of water being flushed, and the door opening could’ve made John’s rant to stop but were Sherlock’s words what caught him completely off guard.
– a sad smile appeared on Sherlock’s face.
Fuck the instructions.
“Shit…” his daydreaming didn’t help his so-called self-control.
"Umm yes, no tickling."
“Mycroft took all the blame… and I agreed; I started crying just because I could and seemed logical. All theatrical tragedies include tears. But in doing so, of course, I broke his heart. It was the right thing to do; it was what he told me to do.”
– and with that final statement, John started to move faster while Sherlock loudly moaned and grunted. He pulled himself out at the exact moment to throw his release right into Sherlock’s mouth and perfect curls.
“Thank you. I’m fine, don’t need anything.”
– Sherlock lied, still covering his eyes.
He did so… pulling out his long, hot tongue… tracing Mycroft’s slim but incredibly long cock. He moaned in acceptance. Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed, and he dared himself to be adventurous and took Mycroft inside his throat. Since this hadn’t been an order, Mycroft promptly pulled him out, grabbing Sherlock by the hair like a disobedient pet.
“You’re annoying me. You’ve been annoying me with this self-pity parade you’ve insisted on keeping for the past month, now … get up and come to bed” – Sherlock said as firmly as he could, feeling a knot forming in the middle of his throat, making each swallow difficult to hide.
– Sherlock fought.
"It was your book."
– Greg tried to put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, but he shook it off sharply.
"So, he's pretty much fucked up. Did he have insurance?"
"Well it makes sense to be devastated if the painting was already sold and took more than a couple years to finish; the money was meant for his only grandson's trust fund. No more family and a kinky way of working not many buyers would accept. I'd say being almost 90, abrasions on both arms, smoke poisoning and bad fortune Craig Saunders will be lucky to even making it alive; he will not have another two years to complete a new one." Sherlock's brow creased as he sipped from the paper cup.
Soon one digit became two, this time in a faster dance, brushing with more force and incremental rhythm to the growls that John could not help but making, remembering that he still shouldn’t spill a drop.
He turned, Greg stood talk and naked before him. The tiny wrinkles forming on his brow gave him the irresistible responsible-and-mature-but-still-super-fuckable adult look that made Mycroft want to bend him over said impossible-to-get-stained marble counter and fuck his brains out.
– he managed to say, his rage was minimized by the sound of John’s laugh, kneeling up extending a hand to Sherlock to sit up.
Greg took advantage of the moment of intimacy between them and indulged himself a little. He turned to Mycroft just as he squeezed a little more lube into his hands to continue opening Sherlock's channel. A wide smile crept on his face as he realized Mycroft's ambidextrous skills were put in good use while he kept scribbling and dutifully touched himself.
Sherlock started sniffing among his things; even though they were roommates, he wasn’t very fond of visiting Watson’s room. A pile of boxes was pushed against the wall. He opened one revealing a perfectly neat and arranged set of notebooks, each one labeled precisely as: poems, essays, thoughts, random notes and drawings. Sherlock started flipping throw the pages from all of them, one by one.
-----
“I told her, stupidly, about how I seemed more logical to share a room with Mycroft if I practically spent every night with him… I don’t think there are enough words in the entire existence of language to explain the look on her face that horrific day she just … opened the door.”
John decided to relieve him of his indecision while handling the kissing and reaching for his neglected cock. It had gained an obscene crimson colour. John's new focus was making Sherlock endure long enough for Greg and Mycroft to carry on.
“I can hear you are thinking out loud; it’s…”
“Feels like what?”
“Do you think all that wailing happens when you have insurance?” John huffed, “The deadline is a month from now.”
John's fierce countenance, unable to contain his frenzy, made Greg decide to take the reins and align their cocks so that little by little, they were introduced into the cavity in front of them. And what a delicious feeling it was; so much better than anything they could've imagined. At first, it was just the tip, painfully slow.
“I have one condition. I’ll need models.”
Mycroft's controlled voice became hoarse, “Then I believe I’m extremely emaciated!”
John advocated reason, as always, "It should be on the fridge, right? It's a vial it needs to be refr… JESUS!".
He held John closer.
"Being your little doctor one, Greg two and–" Mycroft's hand groped Sherlock without warning, long fingers closing on tight flesh and fabric one by one, delighting on the sound of surprise coming out his sibling "–of course, you. What was your initial question? Oh yeah, cheekbones or arse … unlike you, I delight myself on thinking about Dr Watson delight expression as you shut the fuck up and please him or Greg's muscles contracting, dutifully filling your beautiful lean, taut entrance while licking your back … do we have a deal?" he released the hold on Sherlock's groin.
He really tried!
As John helped Sherlock put his coat on, the sound of moving and crashing furniture with other surfaces became quite loud in the echo of Mycroft’s place.
He shifted a bit, closing his eyes and resting his head more comfortably in John’s tight letting the reassuring hand of the doctor to stroke his hair
resumed.
. But if Mycroft here insists in conducting surveys then so be it. Gregory, what would you say is my best feature?”
- and as Sherlock submitted to the doctor’s orders, a finger was abruptly inserted in him, without any sort of preparation. Sherlock moaned in disgruntle and tried to pull up his head to reprehend John at least with his sight, but Lestrade and Mycroft held him in place. John kept moving his fingers, he was performing a perfect prostatic exam, not minding one-bit Sherlock’s feelings.
“It was not right there”.
“JOHN! Idiot…”
“Would you mind … if I spend the night here?” - Sherlock poked his head shyly around the doorframe.
None of the three nude men realized that about half an hour ago, Mycroft let go of everything in his hands and proceed to unbutton his trousers; he began touching himself at the same time he covered his mouth to avoid yelling more orders or obscenities, perhaps even encourage them.
“He means stop whining like an old man and get into all four, Watson.”
” – Sherlock laughed –
Sherlock was aware his older brother had an extensive list of recreational activities that, although filled him with endless hours of discreet and socially correct happiness, turned out they had nothing to do with international espionage or strangling people.
– and leaned down to kiss him.
Mycroft smirked, “But of course, I'm nothing more than willing to negotiate.”
_______________________________
“You what?!”
Why was Mycroft so polite when being the most obnoxious? Sherlock wondered as his gaze flicked between John and his brother.
– he clenched on Mycroft; gripping desperately.
“No, stick to the options.”
“Did I hurt you?”
"Don't you worry, disappointment will remind me … now, please stroke yourself."
John became speechless, his eyes soft with something close to disappointment, “You’re such an arsehole … you know that?”.
another slap hit him, this time making him loose balance and landing heavily on the floor.
_____________
He listened as the sofa creaked and the elegant pen that had been in charge of recording all its intimate details gave way to a soothing sound of charcoal on paper. The thrill of knowing that his frenzy was being captured by someone who already knew him in a worse than a shameful state, turned out to be a trigger interesting his cock.
Greg almost loses balance as his legs gave in with each of Mycroft's licks. Just as he was ready to fall on his knees admitting defeat, the cold air hit him. Between gasps, he saw Mycroft cleaning the corner of his mouth, smiling.
- Greg was on the verge of breaking too.
“Are you alright?”, it didn’t sound accusing; the question just floated behind him as a hand rested on his lower back; why wouldn’t he? He just averted a preposterous recurring thought from becoming truth.
Sherlock couldn’t stop laughing –
Fucking hell, John Watson! Once again here you are with your damn sentimentality and understanding and ... friendship, damn you! Sherlock couldn’t stop his gaze from blinking repeatedly like trying to brush off the ideas.
“Boys! Don’t forget to bring me your things for charity!”
Sherlock held the cigarette between his lips while holding himself by the elbows, letting himself be worshipped by his silver-haired doctor, nibbling his way up to the next muscle.
“Even someone as obtuse as me can figure out you’d both die for each other, quite literally. I can tell because I’d do it myself.”
Their confused gazes rose together as the door slammed shut.
Sherlock smirked at the thought, “I used my tongue.”
– Greg smiled
John’s head fell back as a blinding orgasm stroke him while his lover's mouth kept taking care of him.
at Scotland Yard.
while mimicking pulling a card from his sleeve.
This urgency was John’s cue to start penetrating him, angrily. Rude. Raw. Savage. Every thrust much rougher than the previous one – “
“MY GOD!... wait, keep that in mind that could be helpful. Painting, painting Mycroft. I recall you had a particularly good eye for colour, texture and … other painting stuff. We need your talent.” Sherlock gagged at the admission, “A poor man whose house we accidentally burned requires our assistance.”
” – whispered while covering the speaker with his hand.
John Cleared his throat, “So, it's almost 6 a.m.; you fancy some shitty petrol station snacks? I'm starving.”
Knock, knock
John pushed him against the wall, his shorter height would not stop him from showing off in front of his flatmate. He rubbed Sherlock’s torso under his shirt, never breaking the feral kiss they were sharing, feeling every muscle in his slim but ripped abdomen. How on Earth was this man so gorgeous if there were days when he saw Sherlock ate a single piece of toast and took a sip of water along with copious amount of tea?
– said and smiling John whipping away his own sweat.
“Third drawer on the right in the kitchen.”
–with that final statement, Sherlock grabbed John’s arm pulling it closer to him while using his leg to trip them down. It took John by surprise and before he tried to counterattack, he was already facing the floor. Sherlock straddled him and began to undo John’s shirt buttons with his mouth. He gripped John’s crotch, his prick encased by his trousers, rising more and more with each button left behind.
. A truthful translation of feels and intention with every brushstroke; touch and oil paints mingling for the sake of artistic conception. If the thought of sliding wet bristles against a canvas couldn't redirect his blood flow instantly to his groin, it wasn't a work worth the effort.
“Not with my hair”
What. Do. You. Want. John… Watson?
“Almost there, we wouldn’t need to walk this much at midnight if your pompous arse didn’t insist on living in Chelsea, surrounded by emptiness and marble…”
"Let's have a walk”, Greg interrupted.
Their lips met in a soft kiss.
“Worse, I was fool enough to tell her.”
– John entered in full doctor’s mode.
– Sherlock closed his eyes, vibrating with anger. What could he do? Retrieve to his mind palace to forget about the exquisite agony of having John Watson riding all over his aching cock? That wouldn’t help, he had an entire wing destined to all the lustful thoughts he created about John daily.
“Course you do!”
From across the room, John and Greg watch stunned and still naked, almost coming untouched. Amazed at how Sherlock became soft and pliant.
Sherlock whispered in John’s ear, “Did you hear that, John? If you behave, you can ejaculate all over Mycroft’s 800 string sheets of Egyptian cotton threaded by virgin Cambodian hands.”
Sherlock turned his head above his shoulder.
“Myc …"
Sherlock was fighting an internal battle to stop arching and surrender to the touch of the long fingers that held him; a small inconvenience that did not allow him to realize what to do with his arms that hung heavily at his sides. A familiar feeling of warmth and admission of defeat began to bend his will. Fucking Mycroft, damn him and his seven more years of life experience and his stupid way of knowing how and where to touch him.
John helped Sherlock to sit up while quickly taking off his jacket and coat. He began undoing his shirt and pulling it off, working fast to avoid Sherlock to be exposed to the cold much longer. John was sure the warehouse was getting warmer, not sure if because of it being properly insulated or just because both men were irradiating lustful heat.
and marched holding Sherlock by the arm. They began to circle the store until John confirmed his suspicions; all gas stations in the middle of nowhere must have a warehouse.
John’s arse faced Lestrade directly, and the DI, too tired and delighted to think, grabbed it with both hands, separating and licking between. John's back arched slightly and nuzzled Sherlock's slowly rising cock, breathing hot and directly to his groin.
Both cried, broken. No more armours to protect them, no more reasons to pretend being indestructible. Mycroft hadn’t done it in 25 years; at least not that he could remember and at some point, he even began to question himself if he was still capable of doing it, yet, he was now lying on the floor comforting his baby brother as silent tears started to run down his cheeks.
“That …. sounds like a better plan” - agreeing with Watson was already a traumatizing action – “But don’t touch my dark gray coat”
- his big brother’s voice pulled him back to reality.
“Mycroft what would you say is my most attractive feature, cheekbones or arse?” asked a nonchalant Sherlock while cutting a small, tiny piece of veal, taking his time to suck in and frame his hollow cheeks while the juiciness spread over his tongue.
- he laughed.
– said while approaching and pulling him by the hair to expose his neck. He started to give him small kisses, pausing between each one, breathing small puffs of hot air, warming Sherlocks neck and chest, bit by bit.
Nowadays, that seemed to be the only thing he wanted to do; stare like a zombie to the useless images processing and numbing his brain. A doctor, such a brilliant specimen should never feel as meaningless as John Watson had been feeling, but that was precisely the problem. Sherlock didn’t know what to do about such futile and complicated matters as
“Bums don’t need uniforms, and surely neither the orphans or the garbage truck”
Where Mycroft has a minor crisis, Greg helps with it while being naked; Sherlock shares an insightful anecdote and (finally) John gets fucked.
“Mother used to leave for a fortnight, specifically during school break, to visit Uncle Rudy. Feared, his tendencies for transvestism and
Sherlock’s lack of taste while speaking wasn’t something Mycroft wasn’t used to, but today everything that left his mouth sounded even more annoying.
“What are you talking about?! You planned this trip!”
Weeks passed, and John seemed less and less ready, which made Sherlock fucking freak the hell out because (1) poor dear John, what could hurt that much?, (2) he didn’t handle well the fact that he was being ignored, it was a childish assumption to vociferate, but the truth was that … nobody should ignore Sherlock Fucking Holmes, (3) they lived together for Christ’s sake, and the silence was unbearable.
– a single word burned his apparently inexistent soul. John was much more than just his friend; it seemed an appropriate label to describe them for years. Now, it seemed so small for what John Watson had really did for him.
Suddenly he felt extremely exposed and cursed every Spanish lesson he ever took. Other than the sound of police sirens in the distance and the occasional car passing by, not a soul was near to be seen. He found himself wondering if he was terrified of a city that he practically controlled or if it bothered him that he couldn't handle the spontaneous plans Greg, Sherlock and John were used to.
Mycroft was already used to people coming to him in search of desperate solutions. Sometimes he liked to imagine himself as a kind of miraculous saint to whom his faithful servants, though few but loyal in the end, frequently came to his door with offerings and tokens of gratitude. His ego throbbed just listening to how the only people who had never succumbed to his "powers" were now metaphorically kneeling in front of him.
Without looking, Greg smiled as he felt a delicate hand gently reach for the lighter.
He took both ends of the rope and made a small but firm knot to it. Sherlock got the hint and gently put his foot on John’s thigh so the doctor could have a better reach of his ankle. John began tying it slowly squeezing it a bit to make sure it wasn’t too tight. He passed the loose end around the ankle and the bottom of the femur, sliding the rope line through the middle of the tie, pulling it with his middle finger securing it with another turn of the rope, locking the first knot like small padlock. He repeated the action with rhythmic but steady moves, pulling and tightening, being careful of it not getting tangled.
He huffs and returns his gaze to a so very fascinating damp patch on the ceiling.
_______________________________
- John shut his eyes.
Do I love writing Mycroft? Yes, I fucking do <3
– John instructed.
“You are a DOCTOR for God’s sake!”, he attacked back, “Can’t you see that this is all in your head? That it’s just a malfunction in all the neurochemical transmissions and synapsis your brain is not doing!? You could fix it if you want to, you know how this works!”.
Smiling.
Sherlock didn’t say anything as he was just struggling to keep his head up enough to look Watson in the eyes.
“Knowing you're not wearing anything under that shouldn't arouse me this much.”
“I think you forget I pretty much sustain every homeless person in town” – Sherlock had a point.
- Sherlock looked away.
care for your brother in certain proper ways!”
he got away from Mycroft’s embrace and headed upstairs.
He kneeled before sherlock and stared at the huge knot in front of him as he started to undo it. Both men were silent until John finished untangling it.
– spoke Mycroft.
Sherlock smiled as he spoke with a deep voice – “
“Do I have a say in listing anymore element of your physique?”
responded John.
Sherlock became truly aware of this recurrence a few weeks ago. Something was preventing his good doctor of the calmness to endure the whole night; there weren’t nightmares anymore; just crippling anxiety about something he couldn’t just put his finger around and was forthrightly afraid to ask.
“What?! No, I’m O.K.! … look, Sherlock… seriously I” – John was interrupted by Sherlock’s silhouette approaching slowly like ghost, still holding the uniform.
Where they try to convince Mycroft and they chat about cheekbones and arses.
“Last time I came, you nearly stab me in the eye with a chopstick for
And is in that precise moment that John realized how this was not going to be last time, again. He promised himself that first night two months ago was just an accident. An erotic accident that could have been catalogued inside his imaginary folder of -
Sherlock couldn't stand the urge to stop being rightfully surprised and start behaving like the insufferable fuck he knew he was.
Sherlock dragged himself up to his chair and stuck a hand between the seat and back cushions, emerging with a crushed packet of cigarettes and what seemed to be a very expensive silver-made lighter. He pulled one little roll of death to his perfectly swollen lips, using his long slim fingers to shield the flame as the tip of it lighted with a red copper colour. A secret reward for special occasions.
Sherlock approached him slowly, John was looking down at the floor, too ashamed to look back at the penetrating gaze of the detective.
John parted his lips, letting soft moans escape his chest. He pleasured himself with steady strokes leaning back against Sherlock’s shoulder. He enjoyed the feeling of being with someone who truly seemed to care about his pleasure and well-being. Who would’ve thought the madman, sometimes incorrigible bastard he lived with could be so romantic?
“Don’t be silly, it’s not only you, everyone annoys me eventually.” – Sherlock decided the best way to not die of boredom was to be the driver.
"Sherlock is it bigger?" asked Mycroft.
John slowly reached for Sherlock’s trousers and started to unbutton them, sliding them slowly down his ankles and taking them off. He left him just wearing a tight pair of black pants; being extra careful on not to mention the small wet shadow that was peeking in Sherlock’s front.
“How Romantic of you, Dr Watson”, Sherlock Smiled.
“Oh, God, your voice is so annoying!” –  Sherlock covered his face muffling a growl.
_______________________________
“Are we being followed?!”
It started as a sign for comfort and silent cries for help during rough days. Just like that precious moment, holding each other as Sherlock’s orgasm came.
“If you must know, I used that very same coat yesterday for a meeting with Norway’s extra-official Minister of Foreign Affairs; he insisted on having a meal on the terrace.”
“My great-grandfather, Sherlock.”
Sherlock kept doing it, too busy to hear a skilled John opening the cap of a lube bottle, pulling off one of his black gloves, wetting his fingers.
– he whispered
Talking to Greg felt effortless. Sherlock was right; they had known each other for years, but they started seeing each other more often and for less work-related reasons a couple months ago, and by the nonexistent God of Christians as a witness! Mycroft swore he tried to stay out of Sherlock's business and interact more discreetly with his "resources" when the aggressiveness caused by his impertinence became too evident!
While both left the room, Greg took a moment to admire the rest of the paintings carefully, but after a quick inspection, the gesture of him suggested there was nothing that interested him enough to hang in a room. Mycroft could not disguise the slight disappointment to his lover minimum levels of emotion.
“How the fuck can you make that sound kinky?” asked Greg.
The bottom of the abyss wasn't even the beautiful pale, naked silhouette of which he, at some point, knew every single freckle and variant flavour.
“Mycroft, Christ, this is…"
All three men nodded.
“First, I need you to understand that for a great part of our lives, we only had each other, I don't even mean metaphorically; weeks really could go by without us interacting with anyone other
John’s response came in the way of crashing glass and involuntary whimpering.
“Sherlock, we’re Brits… we don’t drink chocolate; we drink tea; remember?” – John was trying to be funny and ironic but, Sherlock’s melancholic gaze interrupted his performance – “C’mere love” – took both cups and put them in the side table.
“Sherlock… wh…?” – Watson laughed.
– he suddenly felt as all his blood left his body.
Well! ... there's that.
"No, don't move", it came as almost a whisper but had all the authority of the confident man within him. A pool of drool was forming in the base of John's shaft, Sherlock's eyes began to water at the effort of not throwing up. He tightened the grip between Sherlocks' muffled whimpers and each new thread of drool.
– said John almost in a whisper, looking down the bottle in his hands –
Sherlock shut his eyes even more, throwing his hands to his sides, trying to grab from the carpet, unwilling to lose this battle of will power. Yet, he was so close to … and then John stopped and released his cock again.
He turned to Sherlock’s side lifting his head so he could adjust his scarf tighter to cover more of his neck and chest, accidentally stroking his jaw or at least he tried to convince himself he would’ve loved for it to be accidental.
– Sherlock answered without looking up from the microscope.
said Lestrade.
– he lied.
“Never.”
Greg made the terrible mistake of turning to see Mycroft.
"You could just call them balls you know? It's not like you're foreign to …"
“No, Sherlock! Clothes! The orphans and the bums need clothes!” –  Deep down, John believed that as years passed, eventually Sherlock would make it at the first attempt. He was completely wrong.
I don't regret a single word of this.
– said while stepping out of the car.
The entire fridge was thoroughly hoarded with
If John had something, he should just tell him. That’s what functional adults do; they speak out loud when something bothers them,
“I was also heartbroken; he could’ve fought more to stay with me but chose to leave and let me figure out the world on my own. Again, now I see how that’s a good thing, but it still hurt like death. He promised to get “treated” for his indecencies and never put a hand on me again. He’s the gatekeeper wishing to be the one locked out.”
“Yes, but Mrs. Hudson doesn’t know that! Now please, less books, more clothes!
“At a more … personal level, like you want me around only when it’s convenient to you.”
How many times do I have to tell you!? If there is no paperwork, the cases are dismissed, I lose my job, my mortgage, and I will have to eat frozen dinners for the next five years, to say the least…
They both moved in a little further, feeling the muscles around them expand in different ways.
– John huffed picking a bunch of takeaway flyers and pilling them up above the fridge, still inspecting the one for Chinese food he was trying to avoid.
Sherlock called since John didn't realize he was daydreaming, looking at him fondly while his neglected cock began to drip.
To make matters worse, it seemed decades of shame and regretted only got merged between willpower, secret therapy, locked diaries and immeasurable amounts of cash “invested” in booze. Despise the sickening sense of filthiness, Mycroft Holmes was convinced it wouldn’t be the last time it happened; nor that he wanted to.
Sherlock started to unbutton his tight plum shirt while an evil smirk framed his face – “
"What am I painting?"
For his good (or bad) luck; the detective was already waiting for him in the room. He had been organizing John’s military paraphernalia as it was a beautiful museum collection.
Now that he thought about it, it perfectly explained Sherlock's new devotion to only accept cases on working days and, if absolutely necessary, on weekends with nothing less than something involving rotten corpses.
Mycroft rubbed his face while speaking, he looked exhausted.
Sherlock was about to protest but John shushed him.
John thought of all the times Sherlock had probably felt gnawed at by the suffocating absence of something to indicate that he was not going insane with the tumult of voices in his head; he would even bet those voices spoke him in Latin or whatever other language they had to learn.
would plunge him into an abyss of self-loathing, which ended in something … nasty. Little she knew her two sons were doing quite the same
That was Sherlock’s sign on how to cope with John’s desires. This was an “all in” bet.
-----
Sherlock collapsed at the John’s feet.
“He does, but we're not done yet…” said Sherlock while cat-like stretching.
"Nope, use your imagination; I'm not your submissive altar boy. Besides, you've done it before … would feel rather disappointed if I didn't leave a sufficiently lasting impression. Should we start checking that big fat brain of yours for degenerative signs?"
"You, in fact. Before the third time in rehab, you asked me to read you ... I'd just wiped vomit from your hair."
They forced him to his knees, well… forced is such a harsh word, more likely they took advantage of John's confusion and arousal to shove him into a kneeled position while the poor guy kept trying to breathe, calming his racing heart long enough to stop himself from coming again all over the floor.
The grip hurt. His breath shallowed. Each gasp on the brink of orgasm made him closer to lose the facade and do something he vowed not to do anymore. It was as if Sherlock allowed him to have a role beyond a simple spectator; was this some apology for being an insufferable brat? Perhaps, but before he could discern it, the clutching hand let go.
John slumped down next to Sherlock.
They laid him on the bed, extending his arms and legs as much as they could, strapping him by the wrists, forearms and biceps to the metal bar’s headboard (Mycroft special gift for this sole purpose). If Sherlock Holmes had been a man of faith, he would’ve been sure he was seconds away of being crucified.
“Have you considered you are probably exaggerating?”.
John's negotiation was heard all along the corridor. As soon as he returned to the apartment and closed the door, he prepared to take a nap before returning to the difficult task that was leading with the conviction towards Sherlock.
– said deeply and trailed John’s hand to his leaking manhood, helping him set the pace he was pleased with.
“You never took a single note in a notebook John”
– and John submitted.
They run to the kitchen as Mycroft pulled a towel from the sink and put the little bird in it trying to heat it with his hands and breath, giving small pumps to his chest. It had a deep wound right below the right wing. After a few minutes, the bird chirped, and Sherlock let out a huge sigh.  He began to jump with joy and clung to Mycroft's waist.
John's mouth began to water from the enticing scent but mostly from the dramatic beauty of a work of art of flesh and blood—a sinful dammed soul. The sound of Sherlock's shallow breaths did not match the fierce lust within John. A strange and irrational ferocity took hold of him, making him bite Sherlock's shoulder shamelessly, delighted when he finally emitted a gasp that turned his guts.
"John"
Mycroft stood.
John, who had spent the best part of his life behind Sherlock (sometimes literally) only in his dreams and cold nights, would have managed to conceive what until that moment seemed like a dream; the sound of each whimper escaping from the second most stoic man in the world. Officially, his self-control had threw-itself out the window.
– said Sherlock, grabbing one of John’s hands by the wrist –
John spat a bit of Sherlock’s warm cum on Greg’s hand.
” – and John laughed.
“I want to… but got distracted by how fucking hot you look doing it.”
– he laughed at the irony of it and sipped from the bottle.
Mycroft kept his hands inside the coat, trying not to wonder how the hell is that Greg was not freezing.
Sherlock stopped the car abruptly and rushed to aid the doctor.
Sherlock was right, the world was going to be a horribly dark place from now on without John Watson in it.
"So we're then just pretending to fuck while you take notes? That's actually …"
“Chess?”
“Bluff, he knew I wasn’t going to do it, and I knew he would do this … for me. It was a relief you intervene, and we could stop the charade; we get heated pretty quickly.” Sherlock sighed heavily, “Anyway, now you know, please feel free to run in mixing awe and disgust to the nearest bush and throw up. I won’t get mad.”
