"The whole point of going is pushing it," Steve protested.
"Wha...?" began Tony, who hating speaking with anyone before noon.
Steve mulled over the text before he sent it, unsure of what else to say.  Saying they'd talk later was probably the best course of action.  Like Phil had said, he didn't want to reopen old wounds or make any promises.  He didn't want to behave impulsively.
I did," Steve grimaced a little. "But I was dealing with a... a situation. You were arguing with Pepper. The fact that you were upset about her dating Happy wasn't so much what upset me; it was the more the fact that you thought that was the time to argue about it. When a trained assassin and super-soldier was on his way to kill you."
"...yeah.  Kind of," said Tony warily.  Oh, God.  Peggy Carter.  Aka Aunt Peggy, his godmother, who had fucking read him bedtime stories.
."  He said the last part firmly.
The guilt that had plagued Tony over the last two yeas was rearing its ugly head again, reminding him that, until recently, he was as guilty as his father and Stane were, unwittingly help this stupid, innocent, fresh-faced kids blow each other up.
Tony cringed.  "Please, just Tony.  Stark Jr. was my dad," he said.
Steve stood up in an instant, senses alert. He stared around. There was nothing. The sun had already sunk down low and it was dark out. Even with his super vision it was hard to see. Steve's hands twitched by his sides. Was someone really talking? Or was he just… hearing things?
"Happy, seriously, stop reading that garbage," demanded Tony.
Tony was surprised to find himself humbled.  Yes, he actually did tend to give nicknames to... well, everyone.  Rhodey, Pepper, Happy... when he liked someone, they usually ended up with a pet name.  He had no idea that these extremist Alphas did that to their omegas, though. And he wasn't trying to be demeaning to them, he was just being friendly.
This, felt Tony, was a sort of penance.  For the rest of their lives Tony was going to have to deal with Steve's smell, like a scar, knowing that the reason it was there was because of him.
Steve nodded. "Good. Thank you Aria."
You can pick one, there's three coming up you can hang out in. Listen, Steve, I really wanna play in that poker game tonight.   ...also, wouldn't it be a
"Steve." Her voice was stern. "I know you're probably panicking right now but you need to
"That mark was from a lab accident," snarled Tony softly.
"So now what?" asked Phil.
He didn't know how much was going to come out in the mission report.  He'd already noted that there was a sort of personal code among the group, one that made them occasionally massage their reports to protect each other.  He didn't know whether he was yet considered enough a part of the group to fall under that protection. He was embarrassed by the loss of control, but felt that maybe he'd be protected along with Steve.  Would they tell Fury about Steve being hit with an inducer? Would they downplay his and Steve's reactions? And would Fury, in turn, tell anyone else from SHIELD or the WSC? He was silently hoping that Natasha would have mercy.  She'd seemed understanding enough. Though, with her, it could be hard to tell.
Maria Hill was a fierce beta. Steve didn't know her all that well but he knew it was dangerous to underestimate her. And right now she didn't look so happy. Steve sighed. "I'm pretty sure that Justin Hammer teamed up with Ivan Vanko- the guy from the racetrack. He must have helped him fake his own death too." He pressed his lips together in a thin line. "They had these ‘bots...they were attacking people, and Tony. And James Rhodes’ suit appeared to be out of his control. Vanko had a suit of his own- which is how I got thrown against a wall. We thought we had him beat but then his suit was set to self-destruct and destroyed the entire building."
"We need to get this to the base," said Rhodes, standing, still holding the label delicately.  "It could have prints, DNA... do you guys have a security detail on you right now?"
"Eighty-four is a lot," Steve whispered, gaze drifting down to the floor. His gaze was distant, his mind drifting off.
Tony's stomach jumped into his throat when Steve said his name.  Tony lay there, staring up at the dark sky, letting himself get rained on.
Steve remembered the first time he met him. Howard patted his arm and squeezed. Steve must have looked alarmed.
"What's a programming language?" Steve asked, cocking a brow.
..."  He wrapped his arms around Steve's broad torso, burying his face between the other's shoulder blades, breathing in his scent.  He'd gotten so used to Steve smelling weird that he's stopped noticing. But now that Steve smelled like himself again, Tony couldn't even believe how much he had missed it, how Steve's scent sang to him, how perfect their bond felt, like they were two puzzle pieces that had been snapped together.
"Dude, seriously, calm down, chill-- put-- put your hackles down," said Tony, who was finding it very hard to talk to this boy for some reason.  He made him uncomfortable.
"I think- I think maybe I hit my head," he informed the doctor, feeling uneasy.  The knowledge of Steve being in harm's way, being in danger, was shaking him to the core, but he knew for a fact that he'd never seen Steve in any actual danger until tonight, unless you counted SHIELD's artificial simulation.  The sudden pangs of rage and horror, and the desire to protect, had flared up unexpectedly and with it, memories that felt strange and out of place, like an old movie Tony had watched long ago while he was half-asleep.  "Am I gonna lose any IQ points?  ...am I gonna be a regular genius instead of a super-genius?" asked Tony.
"...you just do your Cap thing," he repeated.  "Give 'em hell, Rogers."
"When do you think it will be safe to brave it and go upstairs?" Gleason mused, staring up at the ceiling as the vast white expanse would somehow provide an answer.
"Urgh. Okay. Put him through. Just...just give me a minute," Steve said, finding it strange how talking to an AI suddenly felt
Clint walked over and pulled the chair upright.  "Coffee, Jasper?" he offered.
Natasha had finally managed to coax Clint down and was half-dragging, half-carrying him out.  "Steve, Tony, we're going. Try not to do anything you'll regret when you come out of it.  Happy holidays." Clint stretched toward the orchid on the counter with a whine; Natasha pulled him away.  "Okay, Farsight, I've got you, we're going home right now...." she said soothingly. "Oh, and Stark? If you fill a bandanna with coffee beans and wrap it around your nose, it really helps with the smell."
"No jackets."
Across the room, a couple of omegas had begun clapping, grinning shyly as they watched.  Some of the older omegas, who thought they were Alphas, looked thoroughly offended.
"--collars, as equals?"
"What?"
He found himself biting Steve's neck, but they were facing each other so he couldn't get to the gland, to his mark; instead he was just mouthing any skin he could find, leaving bruises and teeth marks on Steve's ivory flesh, his hand still working Steve's length, Steve's body twitching into it beneath him.
"Yeah.  Let's go party."
"No one," said Karpov, pointing to him with the cigarette.  "I programmed you. You belong to me. There is no Winter Soldier without me.  If I ever retire, you listen to no one."
Oh dear.
"If he wants to make an ass of himself, let him," said the ginger.  "It's
"I will pay you a thousand dollars and sign an autograph if you leave me alone now," said Tony.
"Steve, I'm so sorry," gasped Tony.  "I panicked, I shouldn't have yanked, fuck--"  His eyes were actually watering. He was worried he might vomit.  He concentrated on not doing that, since he was pretty sure puking down your mate's back wasn't on the list of things you're supposed to do during heats.
"Steve, calling from Stark's.  Hi again, Cyclops," said Tony pleasantly.
And Tony just said they were a
"Yeah. You can touch it. It's okay. I just-- it's just sensitive," Steve whispered. And he wasn't talking about the pain.
had to.
"It's a cheap vase, you can just throw it out."
"Where is he, anyway?  Yoga doesn't normally take this long."
He fell silent, not willing to further incriminate himself by saying anything else.
He moved to tug his tie off. "Thanks," Steve said to Brooke, his shoulders visibly relaxing as they walked into the cool night air.  His eyes popped at the sight of the skyline before them. "It was getting hard to breathe in there."
"Do you seriously mean it?" Steve asked, already imagining Malick's face when they waltzed up right next to him. Did Malick have an omega? Steve wasn't sure if he was even bonded. "Because I'm definitely game if you are."
"I'm sorry,
Swearing heartily, Tony powered up the thrusters and flew low, away from the fight, even though it went against nearly every instinct he had.
"A few rags are saying it's staged.  Faked.  Obviously, betas wrote the articles," added Natasha, watching Tony pull up a few more news articles.  "Can't really fake a bond.  There's already shots of Steve's neck.  And Tony, you smell... well, bonded."
If you're wondering what one of the authors was doing, the short answer was dressing up as Iron Man and meeting Tom Holland.  (As expected, he's a very nice guy.)  Shameless plug for potato-quality pictures: https://www.instagram.com/p/BiIHRGXgypb/
Steve was quiet for a while. Memories were dancing around in his head and dragging him in and out of reality. None of them really especially good. Steve had been so lucky to end up here, to have made it this far. He almost felt guilty. No other omega from the forties got this chance.
them to find him. He still thinks 'Giddy' will take him back."
Hey, how hard could it be, though, right?
"To be honest I'd agree to nearly anything to get this damned tracker off... it's ruining my tan," said Tony.  It was unclear if he was joking or not.
; Tony had mostly pushed for it because the cast included Elisabeth Hasselbeck, who was No. 8 on his To-Screw list).
For now, at least, Bucky was off their minds, and they were more than halfway through Steve's heat.  Armed with a dildo that put his own cock to shame, Tony was pretty sure he'd make it through this.
"Steve?" he repeated.
about how it's not Steve's fault he's so out of control, obviously I'm a terrible Alpha with no real control over him and it's sad that I'm not reining him in."
Talking to Donner was utterly exhausting.  Steve, he thought, must have the patience of a saint to have talked to all the omegas at that conference; if they were all as bad as Donner it must have been an awful experience.
"You're right, Steve.  I'm a shitty Alpha... I'm sorry I asked you to kneel.  It just felt right."
"Yes, sir."
"Do you seriously want to try the stairs like this?" Steve pointed out as he turned toward the steps in the middle of the front room.
He shifted his weight again, trying not to dig his erection into Steve's leg, even though it was difficult because Steve was practically sitting on his lap.
Tony looked over at Steve with fascination.  George swiveled around to grin at them. His sudden change of tone had been alarmingly convincing; if Tony had talked to him on the phone, he would have assumed he was an older Alpha by voice alone.
if we found Ashtray or Trickshot, and I think we did.  We've been trying to call all evening but both yours and Steve's phones are dead."
comfortable," breathed Kitty softly.
"Not awful press, people seeing the two of them in love," said Beth begrudgingly.
He mulled over Charlie's crush while Tony looked down at his newspaper.
"When I was about seventeen my mom died and I moved in with him. I was too sick to work and he looked after me. And then... one day, when I was about twenty... he bit me and... we bonded. I thought maybe he loved me, or something. But he didn't. I don't know what it was. I felt his confusion every day; I felt how much he worried about me- I was in love with him, I think. But whatever I felt...he didn't return it.  Not the same way.  He brought girls home and he'd never touch me. And I mean never. I was convinced there was something wrong with me- hell, I was already sick; I was sick our whole honeymoon; it wasn't hard to work it out, why he thought he couldn't touch me. But I don't know why he bonded with me if... God, it was so confusing. He'd even drag me along to dates. I hated it. I was always inadequate.  Always secondary to whoever he was seeing, and then I had to listen to them do it through paper-thin walls the night after.  Bucky looked after me, he... he kept me, but he was also rejecting me every day."
Beside him, Wanda sat, teeth clenched, her gaze fixed on Stark.
, Laura," said Clint, looking up suddenly.  "You accidentally gave him
Tony remained in Steve's lap, silently staring, his fingers idly stroking the fabric of Steve's pants.  How much he was getting was unclear. He had managed to mumble an apology to Steve and say something about Kunar, but that was it.
Let me down, you psycho!"
. It like a further line had been drawn between them and Steve hated it. He couldn't even feel their bond anymore; he couldn't even see it.  Was Bucky mad at him for getting the serum, for losing his mark? He sighed and fiddled with the sleeve of his uniform awkwardly. He hated the thing; it was too tight. And too warm in here. And Howard was being his usual over-friendly self.
It took Tony a moment to be willing to relinquish his grip on Steve's neck, but he did so that he could straighten up and look down.  Steve's elbows were on the bed and he was bent over, still in the uniform, Tony's cock buried up to the hilt. Tony put his hands on Steve's hips and began rutting into him, looking down at him, in awe because
Dr. Gleason cleared his throat as he finished rubbing the salve onto the small wound, glancing at Tony up and down. "Would you like me to check your over Mr. Stark? After being... 'trapped' in that 'metal box?'"
The foyer was as disappointing to Tony as the outside of the place.  It had tile floors, a tall ceiling, some bland oilpaint landscapes on the wall.  There were two wooden doors with windows on either side of them, one with a plaque declaring it OFFICE and another with a plaque declaring it HEADMASTER.  There was a short wing that went left, and a longer one that went right, and right in front of them was another heavy wooden door labeled CHAPEL that had opaque stained glass windows on either side of it, emphasizing the feeling of a private religious school.
-- well, that's nice--"
"And I wasn't even with him, when he...when he..." Banksy's face crumpled.
"--just last June, actually-- oh, hi again!" said Eric, moving aside to make room for Tony.  "Sean, this is the one and only Tony Stark."
He locked the bathroom door and then lifted Tony up onto the countertop easily. He was a little drunk, sure, but he was coherent enough for this. Steve grabbed a towel, dampened it and began cleaning Tony up.
. "It was too cheesy not to get it for you," he'd explained.  He'd had to play Steve the song at the time so he could understand the reference.)
Gleason cringed noticeably.  "That's not safe."
Tony, Steve, Pepper, Aria, and two of Steve's buddies from 84 had gathered in Tony's house, mostly because of Tony's inability to get up any earlier than nine in the morning.  They wanted to touch base with Rhodes before sending him out to get Donner. Beforehand, there was a meeting with Gene. If it didn't go well, he could probably kiss meeting Donner good-bye.
Tony perked up.  "Banksy's coming," he repeated smugly.
Tony threw back the bottle again.  Less than a third to go and he was feeling a bit better.
"Is there anyone out there who isn't mad at me right now?"
Annette had been joined by two other reporters, both blondes.  With the two blondes on either side of Annette, Tony was struggling not to refer to them as a Reverse Oreo, even though he was thinking it loudly.
"Ever been bitch-slapped by an omega?" asked Clint.
Steve told him to come over, practically ordered him.  Tony didn't need telling twice.  He waited for Steve to hang up and then scrambled across the floor to try to find keys to one of the cars that wasn't wrecked, but managed to slice his hand open on a shard of glass in the rubble.
Since Steve had returned, Tony hadn't asked him to kneel and he hadn't bitten the back of Steve's neck.  Their love-making had been tender and personal but it hadn't resembled the primal sort of mating they'd occasionally indulged in.  Tony hadn't asked, partially because he was worried doing so would be insensitive and partially because the idea of biting that unfamiliar mark on Steve's neck made his skin crawl.
"Sure... sure, go run, go sweat to the oldies or whatever it is you do for like six hours a day.  I'll be in the shop.  If you need anything just holler at JARVIS, okay?"  Tony ran a hand down Steve's arm.  He couldn't help but worry, but he knew the only real cure for a flashback was to shake it off, move forward.  Maybe later in the day, Steve would feel better; he seemed to love working out.  Maybe he just needed some time alone.
"if by some magic, you lost the serum's effects and you were a little sick guy again, I'd still want you now," offered Tony.  "We're bonded and that means that I love you exactly how you are... even if..." He trailed off and began tracing Bucky's mark again.
"Okay.  Let's go."
"Unbonded, yeah.  But he
"Ah!  Richard McDermott!  Yes, he and I went to med school together.  Sharp guy."
Sitwell looked suitably grossed out.
Captain
in for questioning and they don't want to release him or take any action until they've compared it with your side of the story."
"Where are we going, Steve?" asked Bucky, watching the landscape pass them by.  He was feeling thoroughly bored. A new sensation. The Winter Soldier did not suffer from boredom.  But Bucky sure as hell did.
"--I'm just wondering how--"
"Sir, Hammer on line two."
A young beta woman ran over to greet them.  She was wearing worn jeans and work boots and had a flannel shirt tied around her waist.
But the fact remained that Tony had trouble keeping up with Steve's heats.  A five-day, continuous fuckfest was something that was a bit much, even for him.
Dr. Brennan reached over and tapped the appointment card.  "Make sure you don't miss these. Remember, everything we talk about in session is in confidence... but if you're a no-show, we have to report it to SHIELD, who, in turn, reports it to the WSC.  And right now, they want blood."
"...I need to go to a few stores," Steve said. "Get me within a few miles of the hotel and I'll sort it out myself."
?  What do you mean, you--"  Tony couldn't say the word so he just gave an elaborate gesture toward Steve.
He was pleasantly surprised when she asked him if he'd rather talk to an omega.
Encouraged by the praise DeSoto mumbled, "They-- they don't use all of them like that, the doctors use them, too, to make sure they can do arvincolectomies and put hackles in right."
"You know Tony doesn't want one." Aria opened her mouth to respond but Steve continued, "and there's nothing wrong with that. It's fine."
"We'll reschedule!" hollered Pepper.
Tony put his hand over hers and tilted the decanter, pouring himself a drink.  He put one hand on his desk to steady himself and nursed the drink for a moment.
"Holy shit," blurted a man to Steve's left, holding up a pair of binoculars.
"Steve-" Natasha placed a hand on his knee as the door slipped shut behind Tony. "You have to tell him."
It seemed the world wasn't willing to give them a break however, as the door bell rang only moments later. Steve swallowed.
"Yeah but she does slobber a lot," said Cooper, shooting Lila a look.  The pachycephalosaurus in her small, fat hands was shiny with drool.
"The what-what ones?"
"...I'm sorry about your first Alpha," said DeSoto quietly, reaching out to lay a hand on Steve's knee.
The suit did not collapse back into its briefcase but stood silently against the wall, an empty sentinel.
Steve put his hands on his hips.
Tony glanced up.  His eyes met his green ones, and slowly, his body went limp under Happy's.  "No.  No, you're right," he said, panting.  "I don't want him... you're right, Pepper..."  Oh, God, but he
This time there was no mistaking the Winter Soldier as anyone else.  His hair was long, shadowing his eyes; the rest of his face was obscured by a mask; he was definitely, absolutely
"...W-Who?" His voice was raw. Steve sat up a little so he could drink the water Ty gave him greedily. He let out a shaky breath.
a double," said Dani.
He tilted his head into Tony's touch and mock-bit at his fingers, the hot breath from his mouth tickling at his Alpha's fingertips. Something dark glittered in his eyes. "It's
"Aw, c'mon, the guy loves all the stuff," said Tony with a helpless shrug.  He and Carlie boarded the plane.  Panic and hurt was coursing through Tony, and he felt bad because Steve might be having a flashback or something in a SHIELD bathroom.  But Steve had told him not to worry and Tony didn't want to baby him, so he shoved his mate's feelings toward the back of his mind and focused instead on getting himself a drink from his private cocktail bar.
"Steve'll still be bonded to Bucky," snapped Tony.
Rogers," said Tony, tracing the soft swell of Steve's lips with his fingers.  "...I guess that means you're in charge, huh?"  He didn't smile, but his eyes were bright.  The martini he had been sipping was sitting on the counter next to him, half-drunk, forgotten.  Tony liked this confident, flirty version of Steve.  He wanted to grab him and kiss him, bite him, throw him down and take him.  But he wasn't just joking around when he said Steve was in charge.  Steve was initiating and Tony wanted to give him the reins.  "You know... I'll follow any orders you give me...
"Send them an Edible Arrangement.  So where do you want to go?" repeated Natasha.
"...Pepper, please, just lay off, will you?  I nearly got killed twenty-four hours ago, I deserve a break.  It just... it caught me off-guard.  I swear, it won't happen again.  Now that I know how bad it is, I'll be prepared, I won't... you know... react like that."
"There, but for the grace of God, go I," said Banksy philosophically.  "You know Boswell... he's old-fashioned, but he never limited me. He liked how I was.  If I'd ended up with a guy like Gideon, though..." He shuddered a little. "Can you even imagine?  Urgh."
Since Bucky had gone into cryo, Tony had felt none of the other man's presence, and he was thankful for it.  The idea of being with an Alpha man made his skin crawl and made his mind go to a dark place, back to that cave in Afghanistan, where he'd been called a spade and treated like one.  Those were memories he preferred to keep stored very, very, very deep.
Steve leaned over to kiss Tony's forehead, squeezing his hand before he placed it on the seat beside him. Then he moved to get into his own with Tony's permission. "We need to be quick. He'll be in the simulation before you.  Ready to gatecrash?" Natasha said with a faint grin. She readied another needle. "Good honeymoon?" she asked casually as Steve settled into a chair beside Tony's and rolled up his sleeve.
"You know, Steve, speaking about Au-- I mean,
"...no dress code for omegas.  A very strict one for Alphas, though," said Pepper.  "Suit, tie, jacket..."
He grabbed and towel and sauntered out of the bathroom to find some clothes.  Most of his casual clothes were in the shop and he used them for working in his home; when he went out, he dressed up.  After a bit of digging, he came up with a torn pair of baggy jeans and a plain black t-shirt.
"So...my bike is at the base, because you drove me home yesterday," Steve turned to face Tony and squeezed his hand. "Plan B?"
pair-bonding..."
make me be McCarthy!” whined Rhodey after him.
.  First he was supposed to get Steve out, then he was supposed to fight HYDRA, now they were supposed  to go destroy the archives? Christ on a cracker.
"Steve can handle him. He's not in an induced heat now, remember," Natasha assured him coolly over the phone. "He might know what he's doing. But least he stopped Bucky from coming to the hotel. He really would have killed you, Tony."
He pushed off the desk and began pacing.  "We don't want a baby.  That's stupid.  Babies don't have any point.  They're loud, they're gross, they don't
"I can't just tell him to meet you guys in the breakroom.  It'll draw every fucking guard in the place."
"Teamwork isn't something you're born with." Steve pointed out quietly. "You have to learn it, and you have to want to learn it. We're a team. I'm the leader, sure, but it's a democracy- not a dictatorship. The key is communication and respect. And you'd have to respect me as an omega and a captain. Do you think you really could?" Steve asked softly, voice empty of judgement and more curious than anything else.
Steve's shoulder tensed suddenly under Tony's hand.  Tony knew why. He squeezed reassuringly. "...this looks really good, Steve.  It's awesome. Seriously," he said.
Back in the safety of Steve's apartment, he double-checked on Steve, then drank the wine straight from the bottle in the kitchen before pulling off his jeans and crawling back into bed with Steve.  The wine did exactly what he wanted it to; he was buzzed and sleepy again, ready to pass out for the night.  He slid an arm around Steve's waist and slowly stroked his hair as he slept, admiring the strength of his jawline, the delicacy of his eyelashes, the bow of his lips.  Steve's face was perfect.  All of him was perfect.  An effect of the serum, maybe?  That must be it.  Tony had never been so fascinated with an individual and he could only conclude that his attraction was unnatural, a response to the serum.  Of course, that didn't keep Tony was enjoying it.  He stared at Steve's sleeping form with the intensity of an artist ogling one of their master's creations, petting the soft hair on the back of his neck, letting his eyelids slowly droop.  He sank into the bed, hugging Steve, his confusing, fast-paced world shrunk to a simple apartment with homey smells and down pillow and a gorgeous blond who knew how to drop-kick a man and also how to paint a skyline in watercolor paint.
drink before we leave."
"JARVIS? Let me out..." He whined and pushed against the door. JARVIS said something. Steve didn't listen. He just knew it meant no. He grunted in discontent and slammed a fist against the door and the wood creaked. His Alpha was hurting. Tony was hurting. He needed Steve.
want a quickie?" he murmured playfully, acting shocked.  "Since when did you like to live so dangerously?" (Steve, unlike Tony, had a strict habit of getting to appointments on time.)
"Tony, that carton has a spout, you just twist--"
"What's in the box?"
Brock's hand moved down to rest on the back of his neck. No, no, no--
was strange. He didn't understand him anymore.  Perhaps he never had.
"Fuck," he whispered.  No.  This had to be a mistake.  He pricked another finger, trying to keep his breathing steady.
He nosed behind Steve's ears lovingly.  Steve's body had chosen both of them as a mate, even though Bucky was clearly a better choice, evolutionarily.  That meant a lot.
"Tony." Steve panted. "Tony. Tony, please. Please...I need- oh,
Steve looked over all of them and briefly thought about how weird it would be to take his trousers off in front of four new agents. "Yeah. Sure...go ahead."  One of the betas and the Alpha were ladies, too.  But the medic was right; the bandage on his leg had shifted a lot and it would need tightening to keep the swelling down.
"The Winter Soldier may become unpredictable. We may not be able to reset him if he goes feral.  That is Karpov's greatest fear."
He realized he couldn't hear the music from the club anymore.
"There's ten shots in there. I figured you'd feel the effects," Natasha told him, leaning back against the counter, one hand wrapped around her mug. "So... am I dropping you back at the hotel?"
"Why did you call me?" Steve's voice was soft, gentle, and without accusation.  He frowned when he heard the smashing, the sounds of pain. Why was Tony doing this to himself? Steve kept the phone to his ear as he moved around his kitchen, setting the kettle on to boil.
Tony sat down next to Steve and put an arm around him  "Hey," he said firmly, "you have
In the suit, Tony knelt by Steve; Steve reached up to put his hand on Tony's cheek. "I'm okay," he promised him. "Honestly." Sure there was some glass in his hand and two burns on his legs- but it was nothing major. Nothing Steve hadn't dealt with before.
Steve wasn't sure what she meant by 'gooey' but he took the offered phone anyway and held it to his ear. "Nat? Hey.  Are you okay? I'm afraid I won't be able to see you till after Christmas now, I think biology is catching up with me... we could do New Year's, maybe?"
Steve closed his eyes, pushing those thoughts away. He was tired. So goddamn tired. Too tired to think about Bucky or Tony or anyone or even the massing telling off Fury was probably going to give him tomorrow. He could rest. He was safe. He had a bed and a
Tony swooped low, running through one of the fountains, hoping that the water would help scramble the drones' navigation systems enough to help him out.  He made a beeline for the center sculpture: a hollow metal globe.
"You're not going to ask
"Some people probably did, but I certainly didn't. One pint of cider and I was on the floor," Steve said, remembering almost with a fondness. Bucky used to joke that at least Steve's lack of tolerance was cost effective. Whenever they went out to bars it had always been a treat (especially since most bars didn’t allow omegas) but Steve had gotten into fights too often... always with Alphas.
"Happy, did this come with a fortune cookie?" asked Tony, pawing through the paper bag.  "I don't think they had fortune cookies in the forties, I wanna show Steve..."
There were no dreams; his body's exhaustion had gone beyond that of his mind, and he slept like the dead for nearly sixteen hours before he woke up, mouth dry, hands quivering with the need for a drink, feeling groggy and weird.
Steve wasn't going to cry, he promised himself in that moment. Not here. Now now. Not in front of
"Yeah.  Yeah, I... I think that's it," he said, a little more confidently.  There was still a sense of anxiety, but now, it was less about finding Steve, and more about what the hell he'd say to him when they saw each other again for the first time in nearly two months.
Screw Frond, she didn't know anything.
"That's certainly one way to avoid pregnancy," said Dr. Gleason.
Steve had no one and he'd made it pretty clear he wasn't on the market.  But he was letting Tony cuddle him and massage him and that was good enough.  Tony resisted the urge to bite his ear.  He'd never felt this
“So the mark… the mark’ll heal, right, doc?”
Pepper sat Steve down on a stool at the counter and began rummaging through Tony's fridge while Sam texted.
my brother?" asked Clint, still sounding suspicious.  But there was a new wariness, a tired, resigned note to his voice.
Tony froze completely at the sound of the name.
"Give me your clothes," he demanded.  He gave Steve a small smile, something he was still re-learning.  But he had to admit, he felt rather clever for coming up with a plan that would get them out of the cell had the bonus feature of getting Steve naked.
"He's asking for hel--" began Phil,
"A guy nuked his own DNA and based turned himself into the Jolly Green Giant.  Only, not so jolly.  Imagine Godzilla crossed with a rage-fueled zombie."
When she got to the lobby outside it was to chaos. Two nurses were trying to pry Steve out of Tony's arms but Tony was having none of it. Steve was trying to placate him best he could, explaining that he had to let him go- Kate sighed and balled her hands up into her fists by her sides.
"...yes," said Louis, glancing down at the tangled, sweaty mess of limbs on the  syrup-covered couch.  "Yes, I think that would be for the best."
"Partial?" Aria echoed. "What do you mean by partial? Will it work or won't it? Because it's too late to try and separate these two now..."
Tony smiled at the familiar question.  "On your back," he said softly.  "I want to see your face.  I want to kiss you.  My omega."  He reached out to trace Steve's lips softly with his fingers.
"Look, Cyclops, obviously I look crappy right now, but I clean up nice, alright?" snapped Tony.  "And Steve asked you to leave.  So
His eyes snapped open.  Four people were staring at him.  All men, all Alphas. He recognized Karpov and thought he'd probably met the other three, though he couldn't recall.
"Steve?" called a familiar voice, followed by a slam from the front door.
Tony watched her warily, still half-covering Steve.
"Good," garbled Tony around Steve's length.  He ran his tongue along the underside, gently sucking, and reached up to stroke Steve's entrance.  His fingers came away wet and sticky; Steve was nearly whimpering. Tony wrapped an arm around one of Steve's thighs and drew him in, closer, deeper; above him he heard Steve moan appreciatively.  "Mm," murmured Tony insistently into Steve. "Mm... mm-hm..."
"It's not your fault," he repeated stubbornly, determined to be a good mate and follow Dr. Gleason's directions about reassuring Steve.  "...Aria will probably know what to do, about the public. I bet she'll know how to deal with this. Her and Pepper, they're press wizards."
and he didn't need to be told who it was about. It was chilling. Especially with sentences like:
okay to you kid?"
"Ready to go behave myself at some board meetings, go over some quarterly earnings," said Tony with a forced smile.
Bucky
"...oh, come on, Pepper.  I don't want to have the Princess Leia discussion again."
Alpha who asked me to
Steve bent down to see a box. He frowned curiously and drew it out from underneath then laughed. "Oh my gosh." He couldn't help but smile as he lifted up the box of cheerios before he set it down on the bench. Sam pulled a face and cocked his head.
The people at the meeting had all reassured him that guilt was an overwhelming but non-productive and illogical emotion.  It was normal to feel but he shouldn't let it eat away at him since he couldn't have prevented it.
"When we found you two, he was trying to assault you. We had to taser him.
"Wow.  That was fast," said Tony, looking unconcerned.  He pointed a fork at Steve.  "Well, Rogers, that's what you get for ordering a mocktail.  You're a 92-year-old man, not a sorority sister.  ...want to get into a big fake fight and then have me punch you in the stomach just to see what happens?"
He glanced down, peeled up his tee and peeled down the waistband of his boxers, to stare at his stomach. It was ridiculous. There was a goddamn
"...is it signing these documents without making my life more difficult?" asked Pepper hopefully.
"So excited!" Nine chimed in, grinning from ear to ear.
"Every year," sighed someone fondly beside Steve.
"Fuck!
"Fuck Alphas!"
"...Steve,
Tony snorted.  "...tying a tie 'normally'
"  He gave Steve a quick, devilish grin, then ducked between his legs, tugging on his waistband.  A moment later Steve felt his tongue.
"Dr. Emmett, hello, hello, a pleasure to meet you..."
calling me the Merchant of Death.  I
Tony nodded at Steve.  "I think I know him, I saw him at one of the workshops and I remember him from poker night."
I'll take care of it," Bucky reassured him, reaching over to pat Steve's leg.  Poor Steve. He seemed so wired, so tense. Bucky wasn't sure why. Colonel Karpov would be able to direct them where to go, if they could find him.  But Bucky needed Steve to calm down first.
"If they weren't restricting our travel, we could've done the Bahamas," he grouched.
The shampoo smelt of strawberries and the shower gel of peaches. The smells were sweet. He liked them.
Karpov muttered something under his breath; he and the driver walked inside together.
Tony looked down at his empty glass, uncertain.  "...a few?" he guessed.
"But I'm already in the second trimester."
"Take as much time as you need," said Tony quickly.
Ellis didn't look remotely convinced but he didn't press the matter. He still glanced over Steve with some alarm, however, as if he was trying to work out where all the blood had gone, or where it'd been coming from. Maybe he could see a bruise poking out the top of Steve's collar. If he could, he was polite enough not to mention it. "Bad day at the office?" was all he said as he sipped at his own drink.
Tony felt a catch in his throat.  Up five percent since that morning?  Impossible.  Unless the core was already rotten, but he'd changed it, what, four, five days ago?
if you get dressed."
He was shaking. He was
"I-- sorry-- I think it's catching up to me," he mumbled.  He caught a whiff of something underlying grease and blood and singed hair.
"Tony."  Rhodey sounded tired.  "I’m here on orders. Let’s not do this right now."
He almost wished he hadn't tugged down his shirt.
, and intervention was clearly necessary.
"The hell?" demanded Tony.
Tony squirmed uncomfortably under his mate's grip, trying to snatch the phone back.  Steve was too strong. Tony felt awful; what the hell kind of Alpha was he, getting pushed around like this by an omega?
"Steve has omega friends, by the way."  Rhodey knew it was a stupid point to argue but he couldn't help it; he was already enumerating them on his fingers.  "Clint, Ty, Banksy--"
"I want this washed, salved, and bandaged up," Kate announced. "And then the cut on his temple needs some tape. And someone clean up Mr. Stark, please. He's covered in blood and I need to know how much is his own."
A fan, then. Steph disappeared.
Steve poorly suppressed a laugh again. How was he supposed to sit through this?
And besides.  Fury's last orders had been for Steve to get away.  There was nothing more Steve wanted than to get away.  He wanted to go to the farthest corner of the earth, see if he could outrun the last two hours in the hospital, the sound of the doctor's voice.  "And you...
Tony slid his arms around Steve’s waist; his abs were rock-hard.  ...Jesus.
"First of all, you're
He tried to smile at the omega.  The stretching of his face felt extremely unnatural so he stopped.
He could walk a lot better with the newer wrap, he noted as he stepped down off the jet. The kids hadn't asked for selfies or anything, thank God; they could tell Steve obviously wasn't in the mood. But he still shook their hands and wished them luck and offered the medic a special thank-you for his leg.
Tony slid out of bed and walked over to the luggage to search for the key.
Tony had enjoyed being carried back when he felt like Steve was just doing him a favor, but now, Steve's concern was underlining Tony's sickness, and he hated it.  Tony was an Alpha.  Maybe not an Alpha like his father had been, maybe not an Alpha like Natasha... but, damn it, he still wanted,
But Steve's brain didn't let him linger on that thought as another wave rippled through his body and he cried out, curling onto his side as he pressed his clammy forehead to the cool flooring.
"Used to wanna be like you when I grew up, man!"
"Is that why you're angry?  You lost a whelp?" He wasn't sure why he was being blamed for that.  He was even more confused because the omega had just insisted he didn't want to be mated at all, but now he was complaining about miscarrying.
"Steve, back me up--" began Tony, turning.
(Logically, Tony knew that he was being ridiculous, but instinct was a powerful thing, especially during this particular period, immediately following their bonding; it wasn't worth the effort and discomfort it would take to go against it.  There was no rule that Steve had to kneel and be circled before mating, but it felt great to do it and Tony was nothing if not a hedonist.)
Steve watched with both wonder and concern as the suit slowly, slowly began to unlock its plates and open up.  "...how long's this gonna take?" he asked after a minute of mechanized whirring.
now people were stared for different, better reasons.
"Is he that rapper that came out as omega a few months ago?" asked one of the other ones.
Steve but this was the first time he'd really
"Oh, Steve... Steve, no... no, I don't want to hurt you... this isn't your fault."  Tony wrapped his arms around Steve against and nuzzled his hair. He was still on top of him, and between Tony's knot and Steve's body clenching, they were stuck.  But Tony wasn't feeling especially turned on anymore. "Steve, it's okay... everyone said it'd be hard the first time... ignoring the obvious boner pun about it being hard, look, this is normal, this is okay, we'll figure this out.  It's only the first time we tried. It feels different for me, too, but hey, it's not all bad... part of my mark's still there... I can get used to it..." (Tony wasn't actually certain on that one. He might not get used to it. He could still taste it and honestly it was awful.)  "...I'm not going to hurt you," he said, in a low, firm voice. "I'm your Alpha and I'm supposed to protect you, and that's what I'm gonna do. Once we figure out this mating thing, it's gonna be awesome, okay? For both of us, not just me."
!" The other shoved a gun against his temple. Steve dropped his gun and then dropped to his knees. "That's it. Good b-" he began.  He never finished; he let out a whimper as Steve reached out and gripped his crotch
Steve sat back down. "What's this?"
"Uh-huh," said Tony, arms around Steve's neck, practically scaling him.
Dr. Brennan's gaze traveled back to Steve.  "...I've been given access to all your files to help me in my assessment."
"Shut up," snapped Pepper, dragging Tony into a spare bedroom and shutting the door.  Tony could feel the pulse of the music through the floor.
"No, I was with
Natasha pinched the bridge of her nose.  "Do you understand what he just said?"
"It didn't hurt." Steve added, not sure how to quell the concern racing through Bucky's eyes. "Don't cry. It's okay. It's okay."
The three of them looked over; Tony was descending the stairs in his silk dressing gown, hair a mess.
"Yeah, let me put some music on," said Tony, snapping on his face plate.
Steve shut him down again and closed the bathroom door firmly behind him.  Tony whined loudly. There was no response from the other side of the door.  Tony rolled out of bed again, went to the bar, and grabbed a drink, then, unaware to remain still, paced a bit, wondering if he ought to back downstairs to work.
"Oh, really?" snarled Tony, ignoring his phone, focused on Steve.  "
Donner was apparently content to stay at George's for now. Although if Gideon found him there Steve didn't know what he'd do.
She stood and offered Steve a hand to shake.  It was unclear if they (whoever "they" were... the government?) had sent Dr. Brennan to Steve because she was an Alpha and they were trying to unnerve him, or whether it was the simply luck of the draw.  In either case, Dr. Brennan didn't seem at all intimidating and she treated Steve just as respectfully as she would have a beta.
"...who?  What?" asked Tony.
"It gets pretty boring after a while."
Tony was on his back on a wheeled board, tightening another bolt on the underside of a pipeline.  He kicked himself across the room to grab a differently-sized wrench.
"Because he's still got a half-dozen more targets and--"
"You wanna call for a taxi or take my bike?" Steve asked as they headed into the lift of his apartment block.
"And..." Steve pushed away to stand right in front of Tony, smirking faintly. "The reason I keep 'whining' about you slapping my ass is because you're not sorry you did. Not sorry at all."
."  Tony could not think of anything more mortifying.
Sam offered him a tight smile.
Steve sighed, his blue eyes softening. "And hey, I love you too."
"...is this okay?" he asked tentatively, glancing up.  "...if you feel weird just shove me off. I won't mind."  He squirmed a little farther down, kissing below Steve's navel.
"Hello, Turner School for Girls, this is Bridget speaking."
"Mr. Rogers!"
"Who's Eric?" asked Brent.
Which brought him to his next problem.  Because he'd already pushed Steve down and bitten down on the back of his neck,
"It's fine. It's stupid. I knew it anyway, didn't I?" Steve said, not wanting to get one of his sour moods. Tony knew them well by now. When Steve got sad, he got quiet, sort of... forlorn. He'd spend way too much time drawing, or running, or sleeping. Then he'd shower it all away and pretend it never happened. But it was Tony's birthday and he was determined not to sulk. "Charlotte is right. It doesn't even matter."
And to think... he had thought this March would be easy.  Haaaa.
"You kill him and I will
"Yes, like a sketchbook," agreed Wanda.
Steve's heart thudded loudly in his chest. Tony's fingers were rough as they trailed over his hands and arms and he shivered in response. Steve didn't agree with masculinity really being assigned to status or gender, to be honest. But he was often told he was feminine, especially before the serum. And even after- high cheekbones, long eyelashes, a narrow waist and long fingers. He was still strong, built like a soldier, but he retained some more typically non-Alpha qualities. In a strange way, Steve had appreciated it. And Tony...well. He was masculine in all the ways Steve wasn't. His hands were rough from making things with them, he always smelt of engine grease and oil from the workshop. He was an oddly perfect stereotype - the thinker, the inventor. All very masculine qualities back in Steve's day. Though all those stereotypes had been mostly torn down now...they still lingered at the back of Steve's mind.
"Haha.  Oh!  Check out
"Sure.  How's an epidural sound?"
!" gasped Tony, pumping himself into Steve. Steve cracked off part of the countertop and it smashed to the floor (hundreds of thousands of dollars, right there); Steve clawed for new purchase and sent a couple of orchids, a bowl of fruit, a stack of mail, and a couple of glasses to the floor.  Neither one noticed the mess; they were sweating and panting and pounding against and into each other, blissfully unaware of the destruction they were causing. Tony had practically scaled onto Steve, and Steve had crawled on top of the broken counter, and they were currently rolling around like there was no tomorrow.
"See you guys.  Try not to have too much fun in the VIP section," said Tony, leaving the two of them in the little sectioned-off area.
"Sirs," said JARVIS suddenly.  "Excuse my interruption of your carnal--"
He got to his feet and scooped Steve into his arms.  The gesture was automatic. If he hadn't been wearing the suit, it probably would have been disastrous, but with the suit, it was easy to cradle him.
"Nothing!" said Tony, spreading out his arms.  "Sometimes she's just emotional like that."
Finally, after a lengthy shower, he staggered downstairs in irritation just to shut JARVIS up.  "I get it, I get it, there's someone at the door!" he yelled grumpily.
That was right.  He'd been captured.  He'd been held in a cave for 96 days.  They'd put stuff in him, stuff that burned the veins.  They had operated on his heart.  It was blurry but he definitely remembered that stuff, sort of.  They had wanted his weapon designs.  He had refused.
for a fact that he had been. Still, no regrets. Steve smiled a little and walked over to kiss Tony's cheek just as he was fiddling with the tie. "I like the Santa," he hummed with a half smile.
But it was a start.  It was a good start.
"How could you even protect yourself against Stark tech?" Natasha said, exasperated.
"I'm glad you 'n Ty are working together.  I... I never knew what happened to him, I never-- I mean-- I wish I had known, I wish I could've done something... and... and, you know, Ashtray and Trickshot... what the hell happened to
"The pictures. We'll ruin them. We're not mating in here," Steve shook his head against Tony's leg, his eyes still screwed shut. He just focused on the feeling of Tony's hand in his hair and didn't really understand what his Alpha wanted when he began to tug at his shirt.
"Yeah.  Me too."  Tony threw back the water again.  "You coming to my party, Rhodey?"
"Hat," commanded Banksy, jutting one hip out and pointing.
," said Donner firmly.  "I want-- I want him-- I want him to only know-- good things."  Another contraction seized him and he arched with a cry of pain.  "
"How long do we gotta wear these things for?" asked Tony, still fiddling with the ankle monitor.
"She would like me to remind you that if you spend the morning corrupting Steve, you will be late for--"
"Tony, please."
, right?  How much stuff did the serum and the ice screw up?  I mean, you're okay
"...how is it?" asked Pepper, genuine curiosity in her voice.
His report.  Ha.  As if Tony would even want to see him again.  As if he could just waltz back into Stark's life after that fiasco and act like everything between them was normal.
Steve gave her a sorry look and then sprinted upstairs. He saw two figures tumbling into one of the bedrooms and ignored them, walking past towards where he could feel Tony. The feeling of panic and tightness in his chest wasn't his. Or, at least, it wasn't his alone.
thought Tony bitterly.
Tony looked up.  "It's not possible, is it?"
--able."
Soon they began talking about dates and locations and Steve's mind admittedly switched off. This is what he paid Aria for, after all. And every appointment was made with a strict reminder.4
Steve's eyes lit up at that. "Really?"
Tony downed the glass of water and passed it to Steve.  "Okay, okay, I'm sober now, can I go?" he demanded, rolling out of bed without waiting for Steve's response.  He stumbled, nearly fell, then caught himself.
. But while broken ribs could take weeks or even months to heal (for normal people), for Steve they took no more than one or two weeks.
"That jacket
Tony let out a nostalgic sigh and closed his eyes, trying not to think about the way her nose wrinkled when she laughed or the way her freckles made up a constellation across her face or the way she had touched Happy's arm earlier.  He leaned his head on Steve's chest, feeling the firmness of it, the steady beat of his heart; behind him, he heard someone yell that it was a half-hour until midnight.
Tony knew when he was out-numbered.  In retrospect, he should have left the present upstairs, but he hadn't been thinking.  He had wrapped it himself in his shop and Pepper must have found it and placed it with all the others.
The thought of being with a woman did make Steve curious. But he was only really attracted to Alphas and he was pretty sure that Tony couldn't deal with another Alpha in the bed--
"Well, I, for one,
Steve started a little at the question.
"Oh, about two years."
"Bucky, no... this isn't-- this isn't--" Steve fell back against the table, his head spinning. The smoke had helped sharpen his senses; now he was just left with the dizziness of a heat spinning through his head. His vision swam. He felt sick. He groaned and leaned his cheek against the cool wood of the table, his eyes half open.
He heard Pepper yell at Tony not to strut around naked; and he pushed off the work bench to go upstairs and get ready.
Steve smiled grimly. "The last man who tried that got his spine severed in two," he breathed and then he ran right at Vanko, ducking out of the way of one of the whips before he jumped up and slammed his shield into the suit helmet with full-frontal force.
There were a few clanks.  Across the room, the torso of a suit without arms or a lower half was hung from the ceiling by chains bolted to the concrete ceiling; wires like viscera were trailing out of the suit's interior.  It looks rather like a person on a meat hook and it was unsettling.
He felt hurt and betrayed and angry, and he could feel Steve, feeling hurt and rejected... and yet, despite every awful, negative emotion...
She trailed off.  Her gaze flicked toward the glass door that led out to the pool deck, and the pizza sitting there on the ground said everything she couldn't.
"What?" said Natasha, eyes widening.  She and Phil had both reached for the holsters at their hips, automatically, at Tony's sudden rising, and Clint was reaching for the bow slung over his back.
"Not allowed on the frontlines," Laura said and Steve nodded. Sounded about right. It was an improvement from the forties, at least. He remembered trying to enlist all those times and every time he got laughed straight out of the building. He'd wanted to go with Bucky so badly, fight the good fight... he guessed he'd gotten to, in the end.
"Good to meet you sir, now if you'll excuse me-"
for omegas?  SHIELD isn't a partisan department, Cap.  You just made us a whole lot of enemies.  Maybe it's time to start talking about where your priorities lie."
Steve looked lost.
Donner gave a small nod.  He was hoping he wasn't going to get in trouble for the bruises he had from the previous night.  Some Alphas hated signs that he'd been used. Chantelle and Tom helped him cover up a lot of the marks, but there was only so much he could do, and the Alphas they introduced him to were often aggressive.
Steve opened the window and Tony was glad he was wearing the helmet, glad Steve couldn't see his face, because Tony felt like he might cry.   He felt so much affection toward Steve.  He could still smell his post-heat.
"Steve, I'll give you the coordinates on Saturday.  See you then," said Natasha, ignoring Tony.
He lifted his leg in the air and then crushed the ankle bracelet between his fingers like it was made of nothing more than play dough.
Steve thought it was nice, spending time together and actually
he thought with annoyance, discreetly checking his watch.  Steve was nearly an hour late.  Tony was doing what he did, working the crowd, making jokes and reassuring, but he was getting fed up.
"Tony would never buy someone." Steve stated, looking a little offended at the idea. "He's not like that."
But he wasn't.
"I hate to break it to you, kid, but you guys aren't bonded any more than I'm sober," said Tony, pulling a flask from his jacket pocket and taking a swig.
He wandered aimlessly for a bit.  The sun was setting rapidly and there weren't many people here.  Eventually he just sat.
, Charlotte," said Derick grouchily.  Since Steve's ball had gone off the table, Charlotte could place it where she wanted, and she was taking her time in deciding.  She was obviously getting over-competitive.  When she missed, she reacted in a way that implied she was taking the game very, very seriously.
"...hey, you okay?" asked Tony, making a beeline for the bar against the wall.
He wasn't able to mull over it for long, though, because the next thirty minutes were a whirlwind.  The house quickly became crowded with supermodels and athletes and foreign ambassadors and tech moguls in evening gowns and tuxedos, drinking flutes of champagne and trying to grab either Tony or Steve's attention.  Pepper got JARVIS to throw on some music and disappeared to find Aria and ask about the live entertainment. Tony took the opportunity of Pepper's absence to refill the flask he kept tucked in his jacket, just in case she tried to cut him off later in the evening.
"This man is trespassing, threatening, harassing, and stalking Donner Malick, who is now a client of Stark Industries... call the police.  We're suing," said Pepper.
"I missed you, too.  More than just sexually," said Tony, adding in the last part quickly, clearly worried Steve might think he meant otherwise.
"--humble--" muttered Aria.
"Yeah, 'cause it's
Steve sighed very softly, and Tony's attention was back on him, immediately.
Tony had felt acutely offended by the mere suggestion.  "...no.  I mean, I don't know, I don't think so.  I mean-- I doubt it.  My old man wasn't like that."
Without another second of pause, Tony dragged Steve away, through a door, up a flight of stairs and into some wings and then, suddenly, onto a wide stage, and then there they were, staring out at a crowd of at least a thousand people, maybe more.  There were spotlights on them and the stage seemed too large, too empty, for merely two people.
Tony looked sulkily over the crowd.  "...Dan really is gonna sue me. I don't think I can legally fire him for that... Pepper's gonna be mad," said Tony morosely. He gave Steve a sideways glance.  "I didn't know people renamed their omegas. I'm sorry I called you Sparky when we first met. I was just being a dick."
.." scoffed Rhodey, sweeping off toward the kitchen.
tried to ignore him.
Pepper decided to switch the topic.  "Danielle McDavid seemed nice. Are you planning on following up with Status Alliance?  Tony mentioned you and Irshad hit it off in D.C., and I always thought she was more involved with the Horseshoe Society."
She deposited Steve over by the bar, where Tony was talking animatedly with another man about rockets.  "--what I'm saying is, yeah, I get it, the inlet needs to be low pressure so that you don't need a separate drive system, and obviously, you don't want a thrust vectoring control failure... but I don't see any reason why the dual impeller turbopump has to-- oh, hi, Steve!  This is Elon. Elon, Steve. Listen, let's talk Merlins some other time, okay? I promised this guy a dance," said Tony, standing up and swigging the last of his drink.
"Jarheads," mumbled Natasha derisively, shaking her head.  "Come on, let's get out of here."
"Oh, yay," said Tony sarcastically.  "Hey, Happy."
"How much is membership?" asked Happy curiously.
support Steve if he wanted to drink a bunch, but his words died on his lips as the two of them walked down to the living room.
That was what made the kiss so tricky.  It had been completely unexpected. Pepper was someone who prepared for everything, always had a plan.  There had been no plan for that. She was admittedly annoyed to find that Tony hadn't displayed any guilt or remorse.  But she was inclined to agree with Aria; Tony was sheltered and entitled and also had been raised thinking of omegas as
"Tony. Tony, breathe me. Just breathe," Steve crouched down in front of Tony so their eyes were level, wincing as he leaned on his injured leg. "Oh. I also got shot, but that's... not important right now."
Pietro picked up a screwdriver from the table; Tony looked up at him like a lamb about to be slaughtered.
"We can take a break," suggest Louis, as unflappable as ever.
Banksy was watching her closely.  "...if he needs someone who knows what it's like, I'm here.  ...let him know, will you?" he said softly, in a low voice. Pepper nodded.  Like Tony, she had grown up with Banksy and Boswell; knowing how they had come to be bonded had radically changed her perception of them.  She was still unclear on who arranged the bonding and how, but hadn't asked; that was ancient history and Banksy seemed happy enough with his Alpha now.  Still. Being part of Tony's rich, gilded, rose-glass-filtered world meant her perspective had grown somewhat naive. Knowing how prevalent forced-bonding was made her skin crawl.
He wasn't sure what
"Did Donner show?" Steve asked curiously.
She rarely expressed emotion as sincerely as this; concern was written all over her face. "I'll call you tomorrow," Steve promised. "But I've literally had two weeks of playing at being someone I'm not. I need some time to myself right now, Nat; I'm sorry." He took the call, holding the phone to his ear.  "Hello?" He frowned for a moment when he heard nothing. Steve couldn't even hear breathing. "Wonderful, now someone's butt-dialed me..." He sighed and rolled his eyes.  Natasha smiled a little at his use of the term "butt-dialed;" the first time he had heard it, he'd blushed crimson.  "I'll speak to you tomorrow Nat," he told her firmly and then turned, heading into the lobby of his building.
"Oh, cool, this is from 1974," said Tony.  He pointed to the large model of the fair.  "How 'bout that."
There were two other people here, a soldier and a civilian.  The civilian was a beta, and the soldier was, inexplicably, an omega, and Tony felt like he'd met both of them before but he didn't know under what circumstances because he didn't make a habit of hanging out in the Middle East much.   He doubted he'd be able to recognize his own mother in his current condition.
He wrapped the bandage slower than he had to, admittedly enjoying the contact. "Natasha's been teaching me Russian," Steve said to fill the silence and explain. "That's why we were talking in it."
Happy looked smug.  Tony gritted his teeth.  "Well... well, Spiderman isn't!"
Steve took a while to think about the question. "Yes. I mean-- probably. The sedatives might slow it down a bit, but I don't know how it works. We could ask Richard."
Even though he was only here for a short visit, it was much-needed.  She knew about Steve's upcoming test with SHIELD and she had plenty of advice for him.  Despite her age, she was still sharp and still interested in hearing about the going-ons of the agencies she'd been involved with back in her prime.  Talking about work was a welcome distraction from thinking about Tony.  Steve had mentioned him only in passing; she'd seemed interested but had taken the hint when Steve changed the subject every time his name came up.
Oh boy, Steve thought. They hadn't really spoken since Tony's simulation, not more than a few words at the most. He didn't know what this was about. Maybe it was about Bucky. Steve hadn't had any more dreams, which had lulled him into a (false?) sense of security. Maybe he was just being silly. Maybe it was just HYDRA messing with his old bond.
Gideon."
Another military base speech and a few days later and Steve was packing for their trip to England whilst Tony was in his workshop. He was so engrossed in it he hadn't heard Tony coming up the stairs until he was in the doorway. Steve quickly shut the suitcase. "Nothing to see here," he told him, smiling a little despite himself. "Er...how's the suit going?"
"What about Mom?" challenged Tony.
? Haven't seen that one yet, it's on the list though," Steve recalled as he walked up to Tony and pressed a kiss to his temple. He looked over the bench and realised he didn't really have a clue what Tony was doing. He got that the suit would self-assemble... he didn't need to understand
counts for something," he breathed and closed his eyes for a brief moment.
, Brooke," he purred.  "Are you, by any chance, a
. The heat inducer, his old mate and the fact that they wanted to use him to breed more super soldiers. None of this would be possible if he was a beta or an Alpha, would it?
The first one was Tony at his work bench, brow knotted together in concentration as he worked on something small with his hands. The second one was of Happy, beaming and being his usual self, hand raised in a peace sign. The third one was of Pepper, reaching up to tuck a strand of hair behind her ear as he scrolled down her tablet. The fourth was of Rhodey, giving a mock salute at someone out of his line of vision. And the fifth was of Tony and Steve together. It was a picture Pepper had taken from Steve's birthday... they were both looking at each other and smiling, their noses almost touching. It was a sweet moment and they weren't aware they were being watched.
"Hey! Gene, over here!" Eric waved him over. Gene smiled so goddamn charmingly it was unnerving. He clapped a hand on Eric's shoulder and squeezed and for a brief second it almost looked like the older alpha was uncomfortable.
"...so my service to you is done?" called Tony as Malick stomped off, with Donner scampering behind him.  Tony felt a lot better after pissing off Malick. He plucked a flute of champagne from a passing tray along with a program.  He flipped it open. The program made sure everything was perfectly legal, at least technically. The auction was for a "night of company" and it noted that the proceeds benefited some private school called Shore's Breath that educated omegas.  It looked like a regular charity auction and if Tony had stumbled in here accidentally he wouldn't had seen anything wrong.
"Me?  Competitive?  Nonsense," said Tony.  He grabbed a passing stagehand.  "Hey, can I get a cup of crushed ice?  These stage lights get me crazy hot. ...I can't wait to get up to the lodge, we're due for a bunch of snow, it's gonna be great."
"Someone tweeted about seeing you and now they know," said Happy, unnecessarily.
"I wish I was," said Tony, throwing back his drink and gesturing for Steve to pour him more.
"Hey, Steve!" called Lola.  "You ever coming back?"
Then Hammer smiled and this time it was for real. The sight was unnerving.
He swayed a little when he got to the top of the stairs and grabbed the banister for a moment before making his way into their bedroom. Sitting down on the bed heavily Steve moved to undo his belt buckle and pulled it out of its loops before kicking off his shoes and toeing off socks. He felt warm and he wanted to be comfortable and out of this goddamn suit.
this omega  He wanted something from him, and he couldn't really articulate what, but he knew this was something he'd been missing and now that he'd found it he couldn't stand to let it go.
Tony's instincts kicked in.  "Clothes off," he said, firmly.  He wasn't asking anymore.
Tony stood uncomfortably in the doorway, not sure what else he was supposed to say.  Was he supposed to ask Steve if he had a nice time with his other Alpha? Just accept his new cuckold-hood, accept that he couldn't control his omega and Steve was going to do whatever he wanted, and in the meantime, Tony wasn't even allowed to check out pretty women?
go there.  Keep him away from that guy.")
"But I'm not in heat, he is," protested Tony.  "Can't we just... break the bond or something?"
Ever since this strange blond omega had called him Bucky, everything felt... wrong.  He was uncertain.  He was not allowed to feel uncertainty, yet there it was, coursing through his veins like poison.
What he was
"I have a theory," said Tony suddenly.  Natasha didn't say anything, so Tony continued.  "Steve's suddenly feeling...
"Hi, welcome!  Take a seat!"
...had been.
! What will it goddamn take?! You fucking piece of shit. What
"See?  Now
"May as well just go to a bar," Natasha pointed out drily, picking at a blueberry muffin lazily.
Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's leg, curled up against him, rubbing himself on the other.  On a vague, conscious level he was aware that he was basically dry-humping Steve's leg like some sort of tiny, spastic, inbred dog, but he was too far gone to really care about decorum at the moment, considering half of Steve's cock was in his mouth and he was several fingers deep in Steve's ass.
"You have a meeting with Stark Industries' marketing research team on Wednesday."
Kitty reached up and took off the the platinum collar when Steve appeared to be struggling with it and went to gently place it back in the case. Lydia obviously wasn't prepared to get as hands on and Steve was oddly glad; the woman seemed like she held something back that Steve couldn't put his finger on. And it wasn't just her status. Behind her eyes there were questions; she was probably curious about why captain America would want a collar, of all people. But she wouldn't ask- that would be bad business.
The doctor shifted a little uncomfortably.  "Well. I've been working closely with SHIELD and we have... a partial solution."
"You're not gonna be getting shot at anymore though, remember?"
"Do they think there's anyone here who isn't living in the past?" Steve asked, squeezing Tony's hand. The crowd was all made of the same make up. He'd quite like a drink himself, but maybe they wouldn't serve him one
(Later, Tony would think to himself that it was like a porno, the filthiest kind, the kind where both parties completely degraded themselves and the sexual perversion of it was mouth-watering because of its intimacy.)
Steve whined lowly as Tony's knot teased at insides and made him blush all over. He gasped and tugged lightly at Tony's hair as they kissed breathlessly, nosing pressing together as he rocked with his alpha inside of him.
Steve was smashed between Danielle and the girl in pre-heat.
"You're Iron Man," said the woman in the window.
"No.  I don't want his pity."
Tony reached under the table and groped for Steve's hand.  His heart was pounding; he was surprised at how anxious he felt.  He looked at Steve, then back at the doctors.   "...is it safe?  To fuck with someone's head like that twice in forty-eight hours?"
Tony swigged the last of the bottle and let it drop to the floor with a sigh, tugging the duvet over his head.  Steve's presence was warm and heavy and solid next to him. Tony doubted he'd ever get used to just how enormous Steve was.
"Can I see your gross eye under the eye patch?  Seriously, I've been dying to know what it looks like."
He'd never noticed it.  He'd only seen an omega, an assistant.  But, dear Lord... the guy was a dead ringer for Captain America, all right.  His height, muscles, posture... the truth was, if Tony had seen Steve without smelling him, he probably would have seen it in an instant.
"Hi, what can I get you?" asked the bartender, then she did a double-take.  "You look exactly like Tony Stark."
"...hungry... thirsty... I definitely really have to go to the bathroom..."
"I like my coffee black, just like my metal--" he yelled along with the music.  "--can't wait for you to fuck me up in a minute, minute--"  Despite the screaming, his hands were steady (thanks to a few shots of scotch).
Steve swallowed them down with a gulp of water while Natasha and Tony watched on warily. Natasha was keeping herself an arm's length away from Steve at all times; whenever another Alpha came too close to Steve, Tony bristled.
"...your cuz is kind of a mess, isn't he?" said Sam once the three of them had left the room.
She shrugged when Fury looked at her. "The only way to get rid of a bond is to kill one of them."
firm--"
Boswell, and then I'll be impressed," he said.
One of the women looked down at the picture he was pointing to.  "Everyone knows him.  That's Captain America," she said.  Her accent was much thicker than the doctor's.
him."
A beer bottle landed in the water near Tony, the cap keeping it from getting watered down.
He stripped and folded the clothes into a neat pile before shoving them into the corner of the bathroom so the smell wouldn't bother them whilst they slept. He stepped under the spray to find the water was hot. Steve offered Tony a weak smile when he stepped under too. Gently, he washed and rinsed out his Alpha's hair before cleaning his own. Despite Steve having been in the fight more he felt a need to mother Tony right now. His Alpha felt...delicate right now.
An hour later they told him Fury was stable.  Steve had left his bed and was staring out the window, mind blank.  He thanked them automatically.  Behind them, Kate appeared.
But that word.
He didn't use his name. He didn't want to confuse him.
to do with you.  They might yet find a use for you."
Tony's phone suddenly began buzzing; Pepper was calling.
"...once the camps start getting shut down, we're going to have to get the kids to safe places.  Get them access to therapy, medical treatment, education... put them back on track."
Steve was listening to any of them. It wall all fading into white noise. He'd never felt so cold in his life, not even when he was drowning. The sensation was similar to that, except this time it didn't feel like hundreds of tiny arrows were pricking and piercing his skin. Now he felt slow, and heavy. Steve saw the blackness on Tony's screen and felt sucked in by it. He couldn't look away. It reminded him of being naked and covered in blood and Tony thinking he was an angel. It reminded Steve of ripping Vanko's heart out of his chest. It reminded Steve of the crunch when he'd brought his shield down on Schmidt's neck.
He felt ill and his body hurt but the impulse to mate was too strong for him to ignore.  The moment he was on top of Steve he began grinding against him, closing his eyes and laying his head on Steve's wet shoulder.
Steve's heart was in his throat. "As in B-A-R-T-O-N?"
"Drink," commanded Pepper.
"Yes," said Tony without hesitation.  "The gantry-based, non-portable armors weigh two hundred pounds and have an output comparable to Hoover Dam, Steve.  I can lift like ten tons in some of those things.  ...not that all of them are that strong, I mean... you might be able to take on one of the portable armors.  But the ones that are hitting sonic speeds and tossing Jeeps across football fields?  Yeah, no, forget it.  Those suits are designed to take on anything.  Unless Fury starts recruiting demigods, then I'm gonna be the strongest one on the team."  Tony got a smug sense of satisfaction knowing that, in the exoskeleton, he would be the indisputably most powerful Avenger.  Not the most powerful Alpha, but who cared?  The suits were artificial strength, inorganic enhancements... but they still counted.  Inside the suit, Tony was invincible.
Tony wandered down the stairs in a robe, his hair sticking up dramatically on one side, yawning.
Donner turned the bottle over in his hands.  "Donner."
"Your 'patient' threatened international security," Maria said. Steve had always admired her no-bullshit attitude but now that he was on the receiving end of it he wasn't so sure.
Then Joey flicked the radio on. The station introduced itself as
at him. It was just... well, nice.  Not to think about it.
Steve hung up and dragged a hand over his face.  He was alone in bed; Tony's side was empty.  Steve sighed and reached for a pair of sweatpants crumpled beside the bed.  He had long since learned that, if Tony didn't come to bed and wasn't there when he woke up, he was usually down in the garage, lost in work.
He went back to working on his suits in the basement, fixing up the old ones and still trying to create the Mark VII, which he could get to come to him and also to assemble but was having a hard time keeping from slamming into him with the force of a small vehicle.  In a way, he appreciated the difficulty of the problem. That meant he spent less time thinking about Steve breaking people's bones, and less time thinking about Lab 9 and Steve's old mate, Bucky, who might, at any moment, be lurking somewhere plotting to kill him. And of course there was the issue Tony didn't dare bring up, the issue of trios, because he'd never been with a single person this long.  Their six-month bonding anniversary was in November; as they days moved into December, Tony wondered if he was doomed to only sleep with Steve for the rest of his life. He hadn't really thought about that when he'd mated him. But he couldn't help but let pretty girls catch his eye now and then. He was Tony goddamn Stark and the lingerie models of the world were his playground. He felt robbed, almost.
He wasn't tired, not really, but he held Steve, waiting until his breath was slow and steady, before slowly, slowly untangling them and getting out of bed.  He eyed the plate of pastries next to the bed, grabbed one, and bit into it.  He barely tasted it; he put it back.  God damn.  Now that he was awake, he was restless.
"...what?" asked Aria.
"...fits like a glove," he joked, seeing her eyeing the gauntlet.  He passed the drink to his unsheathed hand and flexed his fingers, listening to the gear whir quietly.  "...not bad, right?  I really want to get into models that self-assemble, though.  Can you imagine if they were
"You must be mistaken, Mr. Stark.  I'm not bonded," said Malick pleasantly.
Trickshot laughed with relief.  "I thought-- well-- I thought he-- I was worried they would-- you know.  Sell him into something horrible, on account of his hearing."
, Steve. And this is hard for me.  The intimacy. And the... you being a guy part. Even though you're an omega. And... worrying that people will... think... or figure out..."  He trailed off, then looked down again. "I never counted them," he repeated, defiantly.
"It's gonna get kind of crazy when we get back, isn't it?" Steve murmured as he sank down onto the edge of the mattress.
"Correct.  In addition, we would like a weekly, physical check-in with a SHIELD agent.  Rogers, MacKenzie will be your probationary officer, and you will be expected to meet with him on a weekly basis, in person.  He will also be calling you randomly at his discretion and you will be expected to provide your location to him and any other details of what you are doing.  Lastly, we recently sent Dr. Brazinski to touch base with you. You are expected to, until further notice, have weekly psychological interventions. You may choose your own psychologist but you must meet with them each week for at least one hour, and give SHIELD access to any notes he or she believes necessary to share with us for national security purposes.  ...do you have any questions?"
Aria sighed. "Steve. It isn't--"
Now that he'd turned his attention to the blond he found it almost impossible to look away.  The blond captured him interest immensely for reasons he couldn't articulate, neither in English nor Russian.
The omega had placed his hand over the soldier's heart and murmured that he loved him, then stepped away. The soldier had followed and the omega got upset.
," Doctor McCloud said, sounding agitated as she promptly pulled Steve's shirt overhead. His torso had a few bruises from the suit, pink and purple in places from where Vanko's suit had got a hit in. "Right. Trousers off. And you- stay calm."
, especially when he was alone. He knew he'd get restless, and drawing always made him feel better.
Tony suppressed an internal groan.  In a weird way, he hated these pictures.  Steve's chest was
Before Steve could say anything Hal shot up to her feet. He was confused at why she was about to defend on him on this when he remembered, history student. Her Alpha might have written a lot about Steve. Steph was probably more keyed up on his life history than he was at this point.
And the weirdest thing of all about Death was that he was an omega.
Tony washed his hands for good measure before coming back out.  What Steve didn't know wouldn't hurt him; Tony wanted him to have believable deniability if SHIELD caught him snooping.  Besides, if he was going to surprise Steve with something wonderful, he had to contact Barton on the down-low.
"Are you a real Alpha?  Lots of the Alphas here aren't real Alphas but you're not s'posed to say that."  She put Tigger's ear back into her mouth. "Am I gonna go home now? 'Cause Mom says I can't 'til I'm a beta."
"It's really none of your business," Steve said, his smile faltering.
Tony leaned down to kiss Steve's temple before going to fetch him breakfast.  He'd never gotten anyone breakfast before in his life.  Well... there was a first time for everything.
"Uh-huh.  Figured I might as well attend one of these, uh, workshop deals," said Tony, squinting at the program.
Clint cracked an eye open and looked sideways at him. "I don't know Steve," he admitted. "I don't want to you to get yourself hurt again."
Christmas.  Please?"
"...and what if he doesn't? What then?"
"I should go wake him up," said Banksy, rising.  "Go, Stevie, go ahead and take my seat, I'll get grumpy-pants up..."  He walked off whistling. Tony watched him, fascinated.
Tony moaned at Steve's encouragement and shoved himself into his omega, hips stuttering.  Hearing Steve ask for it and encourage him was all he needed.  His fingers dug into the flesh of Steve's hips; he could feel Steve gasping and twitching on top of him as he hit his prostate.
"Just... just me and Tony," said Rhodey.  "Maybe Sam," he added quickly, since Donner seemed to be uncomfortable with the idea of being around "Mr. Stark" and Rhodey.
He made his way into the cabin in the back to rouse Steve.  Steve had fallen asleep with all his clothes on, Aria's phone clutched in his hand.
"I'm here with you. I'm always here. It's okay. He's gone and you're still here. He's gone."
"-Captain America back from the dead??" It was a blonde woman in front of a desk, a few men to her left just half on screen ready for her to interview. "The world’s favourite superhero managed to survive what should have been a fatal plane crash and has just come out as an omega and advocate of omega human rights. Before, it was assumed Captain America had to be an Alpha.  Here with us today with have experts on Alpha and omega dynamics. We have a psychologist who specialises in omega behaviour, and also a leading omega rights activist campaigner."
"See you," said Tony, letting Coulson lead him out of the room and into the observation suite.
There was a small rustle from Phil's nest.  "Ice," he said suddenly.
. Still, he nodded anyway, not about to show Tony up in a room full of people. He basically inhaled a slice of pizza as he perched on the edge of a desk.
And information... that had been the whole point of the mission in the first place.  Natasha had gotten something but they didn't know what yet. Tony was hoping it was enough to make it all worth it.  If not, then they'd murdered over a dozen people for no reason whatsoever. And now that they'd gone on the offensive, HYDRA was probably going to beef up security, making any future missions a hell of a lot harder.
and were certainly more relaxed around each other. It was easy to see how guarded Steve had been before, but he wasn't now. He was just... himself. "The press will go
Tony heard Steve's plea and that was it.  He moaned with delight and reached down with every intention of pulling down his zipper, whipping it out, and acquiescing Steve's request; a moment later a hand was on his wrist.
It soon became apparent that their were going to win their legal battles. They had proof the camps couldn't deny, unwavering evidence. And the existence of places like the 'learning annex' and the discovery of artificial Alpha implants in hospital wings meant that it was very hard for them to deny even the worst of it.
Richard laughed loudly.  "Now's a fine time to get caught up on
"Steve..."  That was Tony's voice.
He was forced to admit that Fury was right.  Their bond, though wonderful, was extremely exploitable.  Tony had gone forty years unpaired, thinking that it was stupid and pointless, but he had never realized what he was missing.  Now that he had bitten Steve, the thought of being without him was unthinkable.
Trey's brother winked at him. "Let's just say I added an extra special something for our favorite patriot."
Tony devoured the article with unconcealed delight.  He knew a media shitstorm when he saw one, and Captain America coming out as omega and giving a personal, candid interview about major political issues was a class-5 hurricane.  Howard, reflected Tony, would have thought the entire mess to be hilarious.  He had already pegged Fury as a man with zero sense of humor; he was guessing that Howard and Fury had butted heads a lot back in the day.  Howard, the same guy who would insist on an omega leading the team, would have been equally amused to watch said omega kick up the dirt and throw himself into the spotlight for the hell of it.  Begrudgingly, Tony admitted he and his father were alike in this way.  They both firmly believed that any publicity was good publicity.
Tony shrugged a little.  He didn't really know Clint or Natasha.  Both seemed okay.  Clint had answered some of his questions about bonding, and he'd trusted Nat enough to run a test simulation for him.  They were going to be on a team together soon anyway.
then… you and I both know you never will be. Neither of us will, after the shit we’ve been through.  And that's okay Tony, it really is. It's not your fault. And I don't see you any differently- well, no, that's a lie. I do see you differently. I see you as a stronger person. And the fact that you made your own suit and killed them all… Jesus Christ Tony I don't know what can you make you more dominant and badass than that. I don't know anyone else that could have done that.  However dominant you feel you is not the limit of your awesomeness, okay? That's not what defines you. You're amazing and I love you and I'm going to keep telling you that until you start believing me."
Aria rolled her eyes none-too-subtly.
, damn it, sierra echo foxtrot four eight eight nine!"
"I... I don't get it," said Sam as Steve tore open the box to begin snacking.
This was all on him. He'd done this to himself. Jesus Christ. Maybe they were right. Maybe the ice had fucked him up in the head.  Or maybe he really was as self-destructively stupid as everyone said.  It had never occurred to him they'd send a mutant who could get into his head.  He'd just assumed it would be guys with guns.
Of course.  Who else?
," said Natasha in warning.  She'd seen too many interrogations go south because of bickering between interrogators.
The glow from the arc reactor was almost peaceful, the colour not too bright. Steve quite liked it.
"Celebrity culture is contagious, Steve. You'll want to impress them. It's a house full of people all trying to out do each other; don't get sucked in," she advised seriously and Steve nodded.
real.
, it read.
"Beth seemed like she had her panties in a bunch about the drinking," said Tony.
The DJ had ducked under the table, but he blurted a "Yes, Mr. Stark," and one of his hands snaked up to find an appropriate song.
He ran along the drive to the estate and it felt good to be
Tony shuddered violently.  A massive headache hit him between the eyes, leaving a series of weird impressions that he didn't understand.  A Ferris wheel, a couple of coins in his hands, the smell of popcorn and seasalt. He felt disoriented, like for a split second he had blacked out, but he was exactly where he was, in Steve's studio, staring at the old arc reactor jammed into the wall and a drawing of a fox climbing out the window, and Steve's smell was thick and persistent.
"A wing?  Why did you draw a wing?"
Steve liked to draw before a fight. He found it calmed him. He began drawing a picture of the city skyline from a picture he'd snapped on his phone a couple of days ago when Tony had taken him to some fancy, high up restaurant that span around. It was an informally all-Alphas place and Steve's presence there had obviously made a lot of people uncomfortable. Tony and him had found it a fun past time, making old Alphas uncomfortable.
"Hey there," Steve murmured when he saw Tony's own eyes flutter open. He sounded more himself than he had in days. "How you feeling?"
Steve thought,
"No, by the time we got upstairs, they'll probably already have it on.  It's fine. Besides, if we open the door again, that damned zero will run back in here and cause another mess," said the woman, trying to scoop up the papers all over the floor by the light of her cell phone.  The rest of them bent down to help her, ignoring the knocking on the other side of the door.
Tiberius tented his fingers thoughtfully, then gave a sharp nod.  "You take the girl. I'll take the boy."
"I said forget it," said Natasha.
Tony felt disappointed it was such a simple explanation, and even more disappointed that he hadn't made the connection.
"--I know it's not mine, I had two Big Macs on the way over here," said Tony, peeking from under his arm.
"Look!" Steve turned the sketchbook around to show Tiberius a portrait of himself. "See?" His blue eyes were a little glazed over. "Friends draw each other."
"It's my fault," were the first words out of Steve's mouth the minute they got into the car. "He's going through hell, or worse. And it's because of me. We should have tried to find out, we should have--"
idea-" Steve was saying.
"Hotel," said Tony leaning against the door and staring moodily out the window.
Suddenly Tony found himself wondering how often Steve and Bucky went out to bars together.
"Calm down, Tony.  Tom and Daston are both out looking.  You two aren't supposed to go anywhere without a detail, remember?"
Steve tucked his phone into his back pocket and then left his hotel room without a second glance, going to take the stairs up to the roof. But when he stepped into the stairwell he heard a voice he recognised. The woman, the witch, who'd made their minds swap.
His cock was still throbbing.  He was scared to move.  Knowing that tugging it hurt Steve was terrifying to him; he wouldn't try again.  The idea of hurting Steve in any way was inconceivable to him.  He existed to protect Steve.  Steve was his.  He had to take care of him.  He couldn't hurt Steve.  No.  Anything but that.
Tony growled.
"Right." He swallowed loud enough for Steve to hear, obviously still very upset. "Well. Happy birthday, Steve."
Clint sighed. "He just... doesn't have a great track record with this kind of stuff Steve."
"Oh, look, there we are!"
"--that is-- she, ah, she's
However, if you'd like to win an actual prize, follow the link below to suggest a name for parts 1-4 of Omega Rising.  Responses are anonymous and entry to the contest is free.  You can win actual Marvel merch, or a cameo from a character of your choosing. (Yes, we are seriously that desperate.  We suck at naming!)
He looked over to Tony, clearly hoping that Tony would chime in, but Tony was silent.
"Right," Aria nodded. "We'll have an edit done with a few days. You can have a look over it before it makes the final cut. You'll do great."
(Peggy was never impressed when Steve gave her shit (teasingly) for how small the country actually was.  "Two hundred miles, that's a long distance for you guys, huh?" Steve had once said teasingly after a particularly rough rendezvous.  "Two hundred years is a long time for
"Alright. Jacket it is."
"You owe me one."  That was how Rhodey greeted Tony and Steve when he showed up to Tony's house on Tuesday morning.
, to keep up their pseudo-army banter, but couldn't quite bring himself to.  Not to an omega.  If Steve had been a beta, he wouldn't have hesitated.  But he just couldn't and he felt a pang of irritation at himself for that.  Until he'd met Steve, he had ever considered himself prejudiced, not the slightest bit. How wrong he'd been.  Tony was
"Hey, hey. I get it." Rhodey felt like he was comforting a child, or something, not a grown-ass man. From this angle he could spot a purple bruise on Donner's shoulder and even little crescent shaped nail marks in his skin. He swallowed. Jesus. It was a good thing that had Gleason on stand by, because Donner was going to need medical attention and a rape kit. There was no doubt about it.
"Oh.  ...then pull over right here, stop stop stop, right there, there's a Panda Buffet, run in and get me a fortune cookie!"
"Captain, it's SHIELD. Come on."
He tried to swallow the lump in his throat.  Panic attack: imminent. Fantastic.
Tony was too distracted to listen to this explanation; he picked up a picture frame from the table beside the couch.  Another old one, with a beautiful, smiling woman.  Even though it wasn't in color, Tony could tell her lips were painted bright red; she was beaming, eyes squinted, wearing a military uniform, leaning against the side of a small plane.  He flipped the frame over.
"...not in the violent sense.  He certainly groped him often."  Fury got a distant look. "One time, me and Howard had been drinking together, and he said to me... you know why they chose Steve?"
"Yeah, it was nicer before someone decided to
omegas."
Steve did almost smile at the mention of Gideon's face. "Yeah. I kinda can't wait for that," he admitted quietly. "I wonder if he has a mate himself." He imagined he did. Probably arranged...urgh. It made Steve just shudder to think about. "It'll be interesting to meet him or her."
He made their usual breakfast because he didn't really think Christmas food for breakfast was a thing anyways. Steve carried it upstairs, knowing that the smell of bacon always helped get Tony up.
"It's eleven-thirty.  I think now is fine. You coming?"
In the bathroom, Tony was talking to the AI as well.
He fell into a heavy, dreamless sleep, splayed out over Steve, his cheek pressed against his back, inhaling the smell that had been lost and had finally,
"Steve is okay , I think. I don't know. He never likes it when Tony drinks. But then, who does?" Aria shrugged as she moved to pour them both a glass. "Tony hasn't been acting guilty, if that's what you were wondering." She hummed as she picked up a glass for herself and took a sip.
"You never have a right to touch anyone without their consent," Steve said, for what felt like the millionth time. "Regardless of their status."
Steve shivered as Tony's fingers threaded into his hair, nails scratching lightly at the surface. He dipped his head then, taking more of Tony in until the head bumped against the back of his mouth. Almost curiously, Steve traced around the curve of Tony's member with his tongue, feeling a vein on the underside and tracing it. His Alpha shuddered in response and he would have smiled if he could.
Bucky's growl broke off when he heard Steve's voice.  "Steve! You're okay? Who was that? Do you need me?"  Bucky's voice had a frantic note to it.
He turned.  "Hey, Ty!"
"I love you, Steve," said Tony, kissing the corner of Steve's mouth, trying not to get a taste of his own spunk.  Steve was still red with laughter. "...happy second heat together," he added, closing his eyes. His body was shutting down, at least for an hour or two.  He knew he'd wake up later, ready to go again... but for now, at least, he was satisfied.
Tony’s phone went off.
Steve gasped as he was filled and ground down. Tony's cock teased his prostate just that little bit more and dragged him over the edge. He squirmed and clenched around his Alpha's member and then came, a silent gasp leaving his lips as he made a mess out of both of them. It was satisfying and dirty. Steve really needed a shower but he was content to bask in the moment right now.
"Alright, you know his real name?"
?" repeated Tony, stopping his chair mid-spin.  "...you said
A couple of stagehands pushed Steve behind a podium, positioned Tony behind him, stood back, then told them each to take a few steps to the left, to the right, one back, no, stop there, forward again, one more to the left,
"Oh my God! Can we not feed bad habits here,
Steve had no idea who Dennis was... but then, he barely knew any of these people to start with.  Tony's circle of alliances and rivalries ebbed and flowed like the tide; Steve had long since stopped trying to keep track of who was on which side of Tony's graces.
Across the room, there was cheering and someone held up an omega's wrist like he was the winner in a boxing ring.  He had a dazed but happy expression and a black eye. The other omega, on the floor, was scrambling up, trying to staunch a bloody nose.
"Oh oh God." Pepper had stayed in one of the guest rooms and headed down in the morning to find the living area
That was an understatement.
And Steve had no idea who Pitbull was. And everything was getting a bit loud for his liking. He practically sighed in relief when Brooke tugged them out onto a balcony. He set the drink down; he'd drunk half of it already? Shit. Steve needed to slow down. Or just stop.
"Tony's a pretty reclusive guy... and we're love to hear your take on him," said the reporter, smile broadening.  "He's a bit of a different sort of Alpha, isn't he? Wore a collar to the conference, knelt for you on your anniversary... how does all that make you feel?  He seems happy to let you take the lead... is that accurate?"
It was an omega thing. People often tried to protect your feelings. Steve and Clint had ranted about it in more than one sparring sensation before.
"Ten strawberries.
Tony's hands on Steve's hips felt warm and firm. He let out a whelp when he was tugged back onto Tony's cock before his Alpha began to fuck into him in earnest. Steve whimpered and groaned beneath him, his back arching up as he squirmed beneath him. "Tony-- Tony-- ah!" Steve pressed his forehead into the sheets, panting. "A-alpha...please..."
"Tony, focus.  Where is he?" asked Clint eagerly, leaning forward.
"...eight, maybe."
The chopper was on the other side of the roof; Natasha grabbed a ladder that was unfurled for her, but Tony simply hit his repulsors and flew into the side.  The landing was hard; Steve still grunted a little in disapproval as they landed, his eyes only half open. He felt tired and ill and horny all that the same time and it wasn't a good combination.
Aria too was grinning from ear to ear. "This was an
"You did go AWOL for an entire day," Sam dead panned. Steve kind of felt like he was talking to the counselor version of Sam right now.
"No," groaned Tony, sinking to the floor and clutching the vase.
"Tommy's always had a way with people," said Boswell wearily.
"Steve," said Tony, resisting the urge to roll his eyes, "they're not going to use up an awesome project name like
But Steve knew it was there.
When they'd unfrozen Steve, had they tried to fill him in?  Tony had a vivid mental image of Coulson calmly informing Steve that man had been on the moon, that the Beatles were a British band that was very famous, and that omegas could vote now.
Blonds.
"I'll come to bed soon," said Tony, glancing up for a fraction of a second when Steve kissed him.  "Ten more minutes."
"Yeah, he's a real kidder, I mean... look at his company," said Tony, smiling back.
He grabbed the handcuffs on his wrist and banged it, as hard as he could, against a concrete divider.  It snapped.  He threw the case.
. He'd called them. He'd done this.
Tony was used to this.  He'd been famous before, but now he was Iron Man; he hadn't been able to go out without people coming up to him.
"He's literally prepared to give you up for one night with another person, and you're still gonna go back to him," Steve deadpanned, offering the water for Tony to drink. "You're an intelligent guy, Donner, smarter than me. You got into
"If it's okay with you, Steve.  I'm kind of a light-weight. I don't want to drive," said George.
"That's hilarious.  I should do that," said Tony.
A spasm racked through Steve was the his metabolism fought against the stimulation. He cried out and convulsed, trembling in Tony's grip. He gasped. The pain receded as quickly as it came and arousal was in its place again. The guy said ten minutes, but maybe he was lying. And how would he even really know for sure? And even if the 'heat' faded down wouldn't they both still be left awkwardly frustrated?
"I'm in," Steve said instantly. "I'll just... I'll have to ask Tony. When do you want me there?"
"I don't know if I care about feeling good anymore," Steve said, voice low and far too gentle. He looked distant, his gaze drifting over to closed blinds that safeguarded the room they were in from the hallway.
"Breakfast sounds great," Steve agreed and moved to sit up. He paused briefly and considered the fact that Tony had slept with more people than he had, but Steve had bonded with more people... it was so strange. "It could be a good thing, yeah, if we play it right. If anyone can do this, we can," Steve hummed and laid back out in bed, hair tufting at the front as he looked up at Tony with a sleepy expression on his face. "Mind if I stay here while you cook? Kinda not emotionally ready to part with the memory foam.  ...and I'm kind of craving yogurt, too.  How about yogurt and an omelette?"
Although Tony felt annoyed at being upstaged  by Steve, he had to admit there was one nice thing about this.  While Steve was being asked to do therapy and photo shoots and interviews and model omega fashions and appear on television and give inspiring speeches, Tony could simply hole himself up in his shop and work on the Mark VII.  Modular armor was very high on his priority list It was like his own personal Project 84.
Phil put a hand on Steve's arm. "Any... last words?" He frowned as he said it. Bucky was unconscious. What good would they do?
Tony tugged Steve pasted the rows of ceiling-to-floor servers; on the far end of the room was another keycode-protected door.  Tony punched in a code and it opened into yet another stairwell, tightly curving downwards. Tony leaned on Steve as they descended, light-headed and woozy from the alcohol, until they got to the bottom.  There was a heavy metal door, a blast door like you might see in a military bunker. Tony shoved it open after punching in another code; they were in a tiny grotto and Steve could smell and hear the ocean.
"...freezing," said Tony flatly.  "It's probably in the fifties. Plus, I didn't bring a towel.  If you want to jump in, be my guest, but I wouldn't get in for all the malt in Ireland."
There was a tentative knock on the door.  Tony could practically hear Steve's teeth grinding over the pattering spray of the shower.
Steve shook his hand when it was offered. The man looked...excited to see them, maybe? "I'm afraid I don't know the name. I heard so many in my first weeks at SHIELD I think I forgot most of them."
Tony reached for the decanter of whiskey.  His heart had dropped.  His fault.  Those six names had been nobodies to him. Except that one wasn't a nobody, one of them was a person Tony had talked to, a real person, not just a name on a list, and he was dead because of Tony.  The guilt he'd felt about the Expo was suddenly personal, too loud and incredibly close and painfully real.  Steve's hand was still on his but Steve was, at least temporarily, not holding him back from getting another drink, and Tony needed it.  Badly.
"Yes, sir.  Pool maintenance and two topiary artists."
Steve was putting his head on the heels of his hands, staring at the floor, still talking.  His words buzzed in Tony's brain.  The narrative wasn't clicking, only phrases.
Steve blushed as Tony murmured sweet nothings him. A lot of it being things Steve wouldn't dare repeat out loud. He cleared his throat.
Peggy reached out and placed a hand on Steve's arm.  The skin was soft and cool and loose. "Steve... I'm so sorry," she said softly.
"Well, Pepper basically gave me a list of like twenty-five places, but there's only a couple I really care about," said Tony, reaching for some sort of dessert that looked good.  "There's a lock exhibit at the British museum I gotta see, and I'd like to check out King's College... lemme see..." Tony chewed on some strawberries, pulling out Pepper's rumpled list.  She always wrote things down for him in addition to e-mailing them because Tony often didn't bother to check his e-mail. "...oh... Fury wants you to check in with MI-13. You also have a meeting with some guy named-- Peter Wisdom.  For the love of Lorentz, why does everyone have such a fake-sounding name? Do they like, assign you a dumb name when you get to a certain level in an intelligence agency?" Tony shook his head, then turned back to the paper. "Oh! And I-- I, uh, really want to see Churchill's war rooms.  But if that's too intense for you... I mean... I know you fought in the war. And... and were probably also there," fumbled Tony awkwardly. "And, y'know, we're going to see Aunt-- I mean, Agent Carter."
Tony laughed a little awkwardly and then patted Steve's leg before getting up to go shower, leaving Steve alone with the toy bunny and the memories it represented.
“No.  No, no, no.  I need something important,” said Tony, jumping out of bed without taking Steve’s hand, and smoothing down his rumpled shirt.  He walked over to the pile of suitcases still in the center of the suite’s main room, digging through his luggage before producing a pair of handcuffs.  He snapped one of the cuffs onto Steve’s wrist before he could even ask what the hell Tony was doing, then dragged him over to the small, heavy metal briefcase.  He attached the other cuff to the handle.  “...there.  Need you to just carry that around for me.  Probably won’t need it, but better safe than sorry.  ...you okay, Sparky?  You looked a little worried when you saw those handcuffs.  Or should I say… excited?”  Tony patted Steve’s cheek.  “Just making sure my suit’s taken care of.  ….suitcase, get it?  Because it’s my suit, in a case!  Never mind.  I swear, I’ve never met an omega with a sense of humor. ...it's not too heavy for you, is it?" A brief look of concern flitted across Tony's face. A tiny glimmer of humanity behind the over-the-top playboy attitude he was always putting on.
Steve sang a few songs with her, ending on “We Are Never Getting Back Together.” It was fun. Laughing and dancing with someone who was more his own age. She was funny and sweet and Steve almost felt an overprotective itch like he was an older brother. But that was also an omega thing. They protected their own, just like Danielle said.
DeSoto gave another one of his apologetic smiles.  "Well, he had real bad aim, he hit me by accident.
"We got them for free! Turns out someone was a Captain America fan," George said with a wink, nudging his shoulder against Steve's. The omega was much smaller than him but somehow he managed to close the distance.
"Well, folks," said Tony.  He managed to look cool and collected, even in the old blood-splattered t-shirt he was wearing.  "Obviously, Steve and I are extremely disappointed that what was supposed to be a fun, sunny announcement was twisted into an unprecedented and violent attack.  We're working closely with authorities, and a full investigation has been launched.  Needless to say, until further notice, the Expo is officially on hiatus.  Sorry, Ars Technica.  You're gonna have to actually write your own stories for the rest of the year.  Regarding our bond, we'll be giving another interview sometime next week; until then, we'd like some privacy to enjoy our honeymoon in peace.  But I know there's one big question on everyone's minds and I don't want to keep you waiting, so let me just address that now. "
It wasn't just that Steve would be embarrassed if people knew. It was more that he was worried that it would make omegas like Christine hate Tony even more. They would probably accuse him of oppressing Steve or some shit.
Tony considered this.  He wasn't even really sure how the hell she and Clint worked (what did female Alphas do, exactly?) but thought it would be tasteless to ask.  But he felt reassured that this was at least a little normal, his reaction. And she was right about the headache. He could already feel it beginning to bloom just behind his eyes.
Tony swore under his breath softly as he set up a projector.
Pepper smiled.  "Yes, actually. I thought she might want to talk about, I don't know... the charity, your involved in Status Alliance.  We went to dinner but it turns out her interest in me was of a personal nature, and... well. She got the wrong idea." She laughed lightly.  "My first date in three years and it's a woman. God, it was so awkward, I felt terrible. Well, we still had a nice time, we got a few drinks and went dancing anyway.  It was fun. ...don't tell Tony or I'll never hear the end of it."
"He wouldn't miss his own dinner," said Tony.
"Of course," Aria said with a smile. "If Steve is called away on duty, we'll have to rearrange."
"We have the phone records," added Clint.  He was bluffing. All they knew was that the call had been placed and had been about two minutes long; what was discussed was unknown.
"Bucky!" Steve woke with a start and cried out as his forehead slammed into something above him. Something hard. He groaned and slumped back. His vision was spinning and his head throbbing. It took him a moment to open his eyes again. He was wearing his uniform, but this time it wasn't crusted up with ice. And still no shield.
He was pretty sure that Steve disliked his drinking and he was worried that Steve was going to make him cut back.  He begrudgingly recognized that his fear of cutting back was almost definitely a result of an addiction.
submissive.  What the hell had gotten into him?
"Sure. If I get a fancy suite, some place nice I'll be happy to meet him there. I don't want an audience, you know. I want him to be...relaxed for it."
Tony played with the model distractedly.  "This is the 1974 Expo," he informed them.  "I was four.  I didn't even see him that year at Christmas.  The Expos, they really suck up your free time.  If any of you guys get a chance-- I know you're real busy, you know, harassing dying men and all-- but if you get a chance, check out the one I'm putting on this year.  It's dynamite."
Tony crossed the room to pour himself another drink.
Panic seized him.  If he wasn't given orders, what the hell would he do then?
Steve reached down to grab his shirt and pulled it on before slowly moving out of bed. And where had the bottle of wine come from? A question for another time. Steve smelled...nothing of note and frowned, hands flexing by his sides as he stepped into his living area--
Tony realized, too late, what Tiberius was looking at.  He reached up to smooth down the hair on the back of his head and neck.  "...lab accident," he said, a little too quickly.
"Hey sleepy head," murmured Steve back, and set the sketchbook down in his crossed legs.  "Listen.  I... I thought about what you said last night and you're right.  About statused people having more roles and stereotypes to fulfill than betas.  But I feel like... sorting out omega problems sort of works with it. I feel like if we do it right, everything should just...fall into place." Steve picked up his sketchbook and added a hint of shadow under Tony's sleeping form. "Don't worry. I'm not going to do anything rash again, at least for a while...I have one shot left at this. Or all I've done is just made things worse.  But I definitely have some ideas."
"Hey Clint," he put the phone to his ear. "What's up?"
With that, he left, and Tony and Steve were alone again.
"I miss my mom," he said out of the blue. "I miss her food. She tried to teach me but I was no good...couldn't even lift a pan full of water for the potatoes. Can you imagine that?" Steve smiled tiredly but fondly. "Couldn't even lift water..."
He clawed at the eyes of the helmet, hoping to find a weak spot. But Vanko was having none of it. He slammed Steve's head against his own metal chest. Once. Then twice. The blond's vision swam.
He let go of Steve, slowly.  "You're an omega," he blurted.
Tony pretended to give an exaggerated yawn.  "...talkative, isn't he?"
"Back off!" he growled, the words barely articulated.  "He's mine!"
"Just because you're a good omega, doesn't mean you had a good Alpha."
Tony couldn't take her word for it; he threw down the bottle and darted into the living room.  Steve and Phil were touching; Tony practically slammed into Steve and then took a snap at Phil.
"I already disabled my tracker.  I've been feeding them false data for days.  They think we're in Boston," said Natasha. "How about you?  Did Tony finagle yours, or did you just smash it off?"
"Thanks, you too," said Danielle.
Brock sighed. "Captain, you can't just stay out on the street--"
Steve's body shuddered him, his forehead clammy against the floor. "T-Tony..." he gasped out. "Please. I just need something inside of me.
The crowd around Wanda all clapped as she guessed everyone's card correctly, and a few of them tossed her dollars.  She handed them over to Pietro.
"We're not talking about you," Steve said quietly, looking a little stressed as he took another corner. He clearly didn't want to talk about it. "It's not about the simulation. Sort of. Just ignore it."
"The fact that you feel a need to take it all worries me," Steve said frankly. "You're brilliant all by yourself. You don't need coke to fix your suit Tony. The answers in your head somewhere."
Donner beamed a little.  "No!" He rocked Granite slowly while she suckled, one small hand flailing and eventually grabbing the hem of Donner's shirt.
"...you know, you didn't do bad in there," said Natasha.  "In mine, I attacked Fury and bit off part of his ear.  ...you really kept your cool.  I bet they'll approve you for duty before the end of next week."
"...yeah?  Try me."
Steve listened quietly, feeling considerably less giddy from their conference exit after hearing Clint's story. "I won't look for him. That's your call to make," he murmured.
“Tay-tay!”
"That's impossible," said Sam, covering the phone.  "Even bonded, two guys can't switch consciousness. I mean, I know Dr. Charles Xavier's postulated it before, but that stuff is all theoretical, isn't it?"
Fury pulled it away.  "You gonna let yourself die because of spite for your father?" he asked.  "...you seriously gonna let yourself die a slow, painful death out of contempt for a man who's been dead for more than two decades?"
Wisdom, apparently one of Fury's buddies, insisted on giving them a brief tour of the MI-13 offices and introducing Steve to a young omega named Joey Chapman, code name Union Jack.  (Tony had been unable to repress a groan, to which Joey had pointed out that "Union Jack" was no more or less ridiculous than "Captain America.") Joey was young and had a mop of sandy hair, not quite blond and not quite brown.  He was unbonded, thought Steve's omega rights campaign was brilliant, and had apparently known Falsworth up until his death.
you do it."
Steve wasn't reacting to Tony's nagging. Tony changed tactics.  He came up behind Steve and slipped his arms around his waist.  "Steve," he whispered against Steve's back.  "Hang up.  We need to shower."  He nuzzled Steve's skin and gave him a gentle kiss  "...and who is Sam?"
"You never told me they were bonded."  Tony's tone was accusatory.
He stopped dead the moment he left the bedroom.
"Is something funny?" Malick asked, actually
"Hey!  Tony!"
"Sorry--" said Tony, laughing.  "I couldn't help it-- maybe for dessert."  He laughed harder when Steve's ears went pink.  "--okay, okay, okay-- seriously-- dinner," said Tony, trying and failing to keep a straight face.  Steve was still blushing indignantly.
"It's like rejection, but it isn't unpleasant."
"If you weren't an alcoholic, it would likely kill you."
"I don't-- I don't want to d-disappoint anyone. God. What am I
"Never mind, I'll explain later," said Tony.  "Hey, Jarv, can you give me and Steve some privacy?  Why don't you go hack some Pentagon files or screw around with Hammer's private servers or something?"
Tony wasn't able to finish his dinner, but he helped himself to another martini.  Olives were food, at least, right?  He would have liked to have excused himself for a smoke before dessert, but he didn't smoke and he also couldn't stand leaving Steve alone.  Not after he'd already left him alone all day to fend for himself in a world where people shot at him, apparently.
"I don't think me and him really saw eye to eye," Steve said diplomatically. He glanced over at the omegas for auction. They were all dressed in pale, simple clothes. Their hair was done up or slicked back and they wore almost no make up. They were as they would be, day to day, a clear example of the 'product.' Steve reeled internally.
, he could already feel his body becoming aggressive, possessive.  It didn't help that they were still in the stupid honeymoon phase.  Tony wondered how long before he'd wrestle his feelings under control.  He'd look it up later.  For now, he wanted to find a way to forgive Steve.  He still hurt.  A mean little part of him wanted to kick Steve out and keep crying to himself, but he found that, with Steve here, in front of him, his scent apologetic, Tony was unable to hold on to that rage.  It was being redirected toward all the other Alphas in Steve's life instead.
He never thought degrading language would turn him on either. Maybe it made Steve a bit of a hypocrite. But it was also not the worlds' business what Steve did or didn't like in bed, politics aside.
She held up a hand as Steve began to speak.
"Is he going to make it?" Steve asked.  The Alpha looked familiar - a bit like Howard but too old to be him.
He ate his breakfast whilst Tony showered (a full English) and flicked trough some of the articles had Aria had linked him:
His knot was already swollen and throbbing inside of Steve and Steve had barely even begun moving; just the
"--here, let's get you some food, share some with me, okay?  Okay. So the thing about the spring break special is that we were shooting on location but the Bahamas were
"Tony? Is Steve there? Are you both okay? I just heard about what happened, my God..."
"Well, whoever the hell you are, scram," said Tony.  "
as she pulled them out of hospital grounds.
The drive was circular and Happy stopped the SUV behind another car, where a man and girl were getting out.  The man was engaged in a conversation with the valet.
"Hey, I'm here," Steve murmured to calm him down as he felt Tony tense beside him. He moved to sit down, giving Tony better access to his  neck and
"You really gave us a fright, Steve," Clint and breathed and suddenly Steve felt guilty.
"Pietro," he managed to gasp.
Steve didn't say anything about his body rejecting the bite. The pain made it feel like the bite was fighting to stay, earning its place, and it meant that Steve was constantly reminded of its presence. Consciously,
"What's Boswell like?"
, Steve.  Can you demonstrate this outrageous claim?  Because, if not, I'm going to have to assume you're just trying to impress me."
"Absolutely heartwarming, Diane.  And Stark Industries is going to be matching those donations dollar-for-dollar, according to a Tweet by CFO Virginia Potts."
"It's also a matter of national security," said Dr. Brazinski.  Ah. So
"I didn't think I was due." Ever. "I'm so sorry Pepper," Steve breathed, brow knotting into a frown.
"Where are you going?  Hot date?" he joked, hoping Steve would spill the beans.  He lay back down, kicking off his jeans, yanking off his shirt, and pulling up the covers, getting comfortable.  Tony's bounce-back ability was unparalleled, but he needed at least a few more hours of sleep and a shower before he would be able to shake his hangover.  He'd definitely had too much last night.
Hal let out a ragged breath. Everyone was staring her, including a few bonded omegas around the pen. Clearly that kind of outburst was inappropriate.
"You said I never put my tongue in your mouth," he pointed out.  He wasn't clear on what the blond wanted. How could the blond complain about him
Wait. Did she mean Bucky? Ew. He didn't want to think about Bucky right now.
"Well, then, get Tony here."
The song sounded familiar but Steve couldn't name it.  "Foreigner?" guessed Steve
Steve couldn't help but find Happy and Tony's exchange at least a little bemusing. He didn't think he'd ever seen Happy look so smug in the year he'd known him. It oddly suited him, even though the other was still evidently trying to be modest about it. Steve recognised that glint in the driver's eyes.
He reached up with his right hand to hold the other's wrist, then nuzzled against the back of his neck.
Aria was watching him intently. "You ready?" she asked.
Pietro seemed to consider whether or not he wanted to obey, but then, with a streak of silver, he was gone and the door was closing.
When they entered the cafeteria Tony's mouth began watering.  It smelled like eggs and bacon.
"Shit!  Virginia!" yelled Maria.
"You know
His head was still pounding.  And his ears were ringing.
The edge of Steve's lips quirked up in the hint of a smile. "I'm Captain America… that, and you had really obvious tells. We had HYDRA spies in my time, too, you know, and they never did like me either."
"Steve, I gotta tell you something," said Tony quietly, taking a deep, shaky breath.  "I didn't wanna but... but it's not fair that you don't know. Barnes-- Bucky-- whatever his fucking name is-- he loved you.  He really did. Sometimes I can feel him, like I can feel you. And you always complain about how he didn't really and how he just... treated you shitty... and I'm not saying he didn't, but... he loved you so much.  He
"That's great Steve," said Natasha, and he could tell she meant it.
The prism shifted and all at once, a beam of light was cutting across the room.
Bucky pressed against the glass, watching his go, heart pounding in his chest.
"What film are we watching?"
"We've tried to contact him. He isn't picking up."
A few days of reflection on this would do her good.  She'd consult with her mother and her sorority sisters-- no, scratch that.  All of them had been urging her to distance herself from Tony for years; his reputation with women was a dark stain on her otherwise perfect record of professionalism.  She bore all the rumors and theorizing by the paparazzi stoically, with her head held high, because she had nothing at all to hide. Tony was more like a little brother to her than anything, eccentric and fragile and intelligent and, in his own weird way, strangely charitable, all of which she liked.  But as far as dating went, she preferred men who weren't prone to 2 am break-downs. She liked people who were reliable, steadfast, and confident. And while Tony strutted around like a peacock, she knew him well enough to know it was all posturing, and no substance. Tony had terrible self-esteem and part of the reason he slept around in the first place was as an ego boost.
Tony had never gotten that from the movie.  He related strongly to the other Tony and, as such, had spent a large portion of the 90s doing cocaine, which Obadiah had turned a blind eye to because for every coke orgy scandal, Tony made them hundreds of millions of dollars.  He churned out the entire Stark "Delegate" missile line in less than a year and the company had reported its first annual profit of over a billion the following year.
Two figures were struggling to drag a third man into the storage room.
"We're used to this Steve. This is our lives," Fred said. "We're the lucky ones."
Tony looked up blearily, his eyes red.  He had a full beard; he was lying in bed with an empty bottle of whiskey.  Pepper walked over and tugged the bottle away. He didn't resist.
But Steve had also remembered that fear. That raging fear of men smacking him against walls in back alleys before Bucky had appeared. The fear of Schmidt dragging him to the ground. The fear he'd felt when he was in Tony's simulation and he'd thought he was an angel. And Bucky,
-- bent over and whimpering and begging and taking it like a fucking porn star.
Steve came, hard.  Hard enough to cover Tony's chest and face with it.
"James, sir."
The night was a total blur.  Open bars were Tony's personal kryptonite.  His whole body ached and he had a vague idea he had lost money and gained something else but he couldn't remember much of it.
"I really don't know how I'm supposed to see Malick today after all this," Steve sighed, feeling weary. "I don't even like him."
"No? But I hope it goes okay," Steve said. He could Gleason looked both stressed and excited at the news. A baby just in time for Christmas...the couple must feel lucky, Steve figured.
"Steve, I'd like to apologize again about my very abrupt departure yesterday.  That was unfair. I'd like to pick up where we left off. ...yesterday, you seemed to mostly be concerned with others, but I'd like to talk about
Steve saw a look of begrudging impression flicker over Fury's face.  Tony had gone through a hellish experience and here he was in the parking lot less than two hours later, making out with Captain America and cracking wise.  If not for the embarrassment of being caught necking like teenagers, it actually couldn't had been more perfectly planned; Tony was coming off looking great.  As if he were entirely unaffected.
, but everyone knows you have to put out."
Richard breezed in as if summoned by Donner's cries.  He checked his watch. "Well, your contractions are happening much more regularly.  I'd say you're due in another hour or so, Donny."
into a soppy bastard now..." he murmured, admiring Steve.
"Fuck biology... fuck it, Steve, you were made for more than that.  You were made to... to inspire people, and you do that every damn day.  You're amazing, Steve.  I love you."
"They also wrote off my past misdemeanors," Steve pointed out. "So it wasn't all bad."
"Yeah, I know," said Rhodes, patting Tony's shoulder.  "He's okay, Tony.  What did you do to your foot?"
Steve smiled a little at Five's question. "Maybe he's still a little unhinged, but in a good way. It's true that Tony used to be more...adventurous. But we've kind of settled down now, both of us. And no he's nothing like the media portrays him.  At least not anymore. He treats me right."
"He would have been if Bucky got to him," Steve pointed out as he took the offered drink. It was black coffee. He pulled a face.
"Neat.  ...is it, like, weird, not knowing who The Beatles are?" asked Banksy, looking over at Steve.  One of Trey's brother had handed him a mixed drink; Tracy was simply shoving a bottle of tequila at him.
"Better," Steve said.
Out of habit, he pulled out his arc reactor and swiped inside of his chest to make sure the cavity where the reactor was sitting was clear.  It was.  He pricked his finger to check his blood toxicity.  2%.  He was going to be just fine.  He sighed and ran a hand over his face.  He'd come so close to the brink of death.  And in a way, it was Steve who had brought him back.  And here he was, at 3:30 am, screwing around in the shop with poor Steve sleeping alone upstairs.
It struck a nerve with Steve, hurt shining in his eyes... almost like he'd been through this with someone before.
, the guy who had left the earlier bruise, the guy who had been holding him all day.
Or maybe Natasha was right. Maybe HYDRA was fucking with his head and Steve was breaking into pieces just how they wanted.
There was something terribly attractive about a scruffy-looking Tony who was sweaty and oily from work. Of course, he looked good in his three-piece suits but there was something more
"We need to get more drinks," Tracy said seriously. "You won't dance like this. We need to make Steve dance!"
"So you don't know what Steve wants for his birthday?  ...do you and him cycle together?  ...how does bonding work?"
Tony looked thoroughly shocked at being said no to, but before he could protest, a doctor, followed by two residents, came in.
Oh, Tony was intrigued by that.  But Donner was edging away uncomfortably and Tony felt a stab of pity for him, and didn't press it.
But soon they were naked enough and their clothes were being set alight. And the cage was slowly filling with smoke, masking the heat pheromones. Steve could think. He could feel. Sure, there was a fire in his cell, and he was practically naked, but least he could could function like a semi-normal human being.
"I'm pregnant," repeated Donner.  He didn't sound upset, just mildly surprised, like someone had told him his socks didn't match and he'd only just noticed.  He looked from Steve to Tony and back to Steve. "When... when do I have it?"
Steve shuddered and Tony cringed.  Hearing Steve in pain was hell, and he couldn't even touch him with his actual fingertips.
"The auction will start soon," DeSoto said, breaking the quiet that had settled between them. He was clearly curious about who Steve had been talking to on the phone, but didn't ask.
Worry creased Beth's features.  "Tony. If you meet up with that other Alpha, he'll kill you."
The front door burst open and a woman dove in.  Steve caught only the glimpse; her face was hard, set, and determined; she was wielding a gun; and he had a series of confusing thoughts because she resembled both Peggy Carter and also the cute Alpha nurse who had once lived down the hall from him.
"...this could be a good thing, you know," said Tony.  "Us shaking things up. Well... shaking things up more, I mean.  You preaching to omegas about, you know, how forced bonding sucks, and me, preaching to Alphas about how they don't have to act like fucking cavemen over omegas.  ...I mean, yeah, there's biology, but we should be better than that, you know? We're fucking evolved, man. Stuff like hormonal dominance, that shouldn't matter anymore at all, should it?  ...but seriously, I wanna get up and eat breakfast. I'm starving. Lately I've been craving yogurt like crazy. I must've seen a commercial or something, because I just can't get it out of my head..."
you Italian," he grumbled.  "...and they can't
Fate really was a funny thing.
on instinct now. What did that even mean? Steve knew a lot about omega biology but nothing really beyond that. His sex ed back in the forties had been non-existent. Clint had joked about it being much easier for people to prevent pregnancies now...Nat was on, what was it called? The pill? Steve didn't really understand it. He hadn't thought he'd need to any time soon.
tell you it was you or Donner, didn't I?  That I wasn't playing games? Being a member of the World Security has its perks.  ...I took Donner's little restraining order to mean that you chose to spend a night with me in return for his freedom.  I think that a lifetime of independence is worth one little tryst, don't you? It's more than fair, actually. ...stop struggling, Steven, the drugs aren't going to wear off anytime soon."  Gideon's hand caressed his neck, tracing the two bonding marks softly. "I wish that I'd been there when you woke up. To be honest, I didn't believe it. You and I, Steve, we could have been bonded.  We could have been mates. It would have been wonderful. With my political power and your... unique talents... we would have been utterly unstoppable. You can't imagine my disappointment when you and Stark announced your bond.  Stark's an unstable drunk. And, let's be frank, a very, very weak Alpha. I met his father, you know, back in the early eighties. Very lovely man. Very dominant. Had a very well-behaved omega, too." Gideon's hand moved behind Steve's ear.  "I know you're spoiled. I know you're poorly trained. But maybe just for one night, you can indulge me, try to be the omega that God made you, instead of the abomination that serum turned you into. ...you never know. You might just like it."
Steve had never really imagined life after the army; he had always been a soldier.  But Steve was kind of in love with Granite. He'd always found babies cute (who didn't?!) but she was next level. And the fact that they were related only strengthened the connection. Donner kept saying stuff like 'you'll be Uncle Steve' and that made Steve feel all gooey inside, because Donner was comparing them as brothers. Granite herself was adorable. She liked to grab Steve's fingers when he held her and drool all over them. Steve knew Tony wasn't enamoured by her (something he simply couldn't understand) but he still tried to get him to hold her several times.  There was a special sort of peace that came with not having any more missions, with knowing his work with SHIELD was effectively over.
"Ah, Mr. Stark! It's a pleasure to meet you; I do admire what you do," Gene told him and Steve could have so easily believed him. Gene offered a hand out to Tony. Steve could smell expensive cigarettes on him when the man leaned in closer.
"They don't.  That's the point.  It's a conservative group that's all about oppressing omegas and keeping them in their place, which is why I don't know why you have tickets to their conference, because if you showed up it would be political suicide.  ...are you okay?"
Outside of the bedroom, they rarely used titles.  Tony sometimes affectionately called Steve "omega," but in the bedroom, it took on different connotations.  Steve called Tony "Alpha" never failed to make Tony feel... big. Powerful. Like he truly was a dominant Alpha, one who could fulfill the role he was expected to, the role of a protector.  In the bedroom Tony was no longer
!  You're looking at the only stable source of badassium in the world!"
Tony walked over and tapped his shoulder.  "Hey, lover."
"Do you... do you want the Alpha's name?" Steve asked quietly. Clint paused.
. But they accept that because they think they have no other choice."
"Not too bad," Happy assured him.
Donner shrugged, looking increasingly uncomfortable as the conversation got more serious.
"Do you think I fucking care? Do you think this is a fucking game?!" Steve sounded angry. He sounded
It was a good thing Stark phones were waterproof. Steve had dropped his in the toilet about four times, twice in the sink and spilt coffee on it plenty. He wasn't used to looking after technology or keeping it away from water. He also often left his phone on tables, which was especially a problem in restaurants. Having a mobile on him and looking after it simply wasn't in his instincts.
"Are you...going wearing that?"
Steve tucked the phone away and stepped back into the living room properly.
"Understood," said Clint.
"Oh, Hendrix, definitely, that's the best version.  Thanks, Jarv."  Tony tilted his beer back, finished it off, and then tossed it onto the pool deck with a light clink.
People were abandoning their cars and running for the sidewalks, taking shelter in buildings and behind letter boxes and fire hydrants and anything else they could.  It was chaos.
Steve's hands shook a little when he texted Tony again.
"Oh.  Right.  JARVIS! Cancel the cab!"
This was so
"I'll pay your twenty thousand dollars, right now, cash, to say fuck it to those two and a half hours and sit down with me," said Tony.
"Hey! I'm a year older than you."
Pepper glared at him.  "I will break those fingers if you snap them one more time."
"Do you like The Beatles?" Alexis asked.
Fury yanked a hard right and Steve swore that, for a split second, the car went up on two wheels.  They bumped over a curb and tore through a small garden plot on the curb, ruining the flowers.  It didn't matter.  The black SUV behind them had closed a gap and there was a loud crash as a shotgun shell took off Fury's sideview mirror.  He swore again.
Steve's eyes widened in surprise at the pill but he swallowed it obediently without a second thought.
"And... and it could-- could be Giddy's?  We had sex at the conference. It could be his, right?" pressed Donner excitedly.
"I'm really sorry," Steve said, trying not to stammer. "I don't know your name?"  He liked red lipstick.  You didn't see a lot of it in this century but he'd always liked it, the way it plumped up a woman's lips.
Tony heard Steve sniff and then Steve turned his head and murmured that Tony could go ahead and hurt him, and Tony felt a sharp tug of misery in his heart.
for each other... that all he had to do was lean forward, kiss him, taste him...
Steve nodded, moving his head back as Phil tugged on the comb especially hard.
Tony heard Steve before he saw him, and suddenly, whatever self-preservation instinct he'd had evaporated.  He had to protect Steve.  He whipped around just in time to see Steve dodge with almost miraculous reflexes out of the way.  He heard Steve yell his name.
They left Coulson to play babysitter with the suit and then headed downstairs. Steve pressed the button to take them down to the basement. It was almost awkward again. He resisted the urge to fill be quiet with Russian, that seemed to only piss Tony off more.
," said Tony.  "If you haven't seen
"...are you seriously this gullible?  ...I'm not color-blind, chill out. God, you're too serious."  Tony snapped a handful of wires. "It's
"But can't you just... bite over it?" asked Tony hopefully.
Louisa laughed and it was a lovely sound. "Who isn't? It's a pleasure to meet you, Captain."
"I'm not.  Bring me someone to read me Maxwell's dirty limericks, then."
"No more locked doors for me, thanks," said Trickshot.  "You know what I want?"
It had gone cold.  He looked down at it and suddenly no longer wanted it at all.
"...g'night," whispered Tony, wearily kissing Steve's cheek.  "Love you... my omega..."
"Yeah, just... just... emotional, I guess.  Hormones," said Tony, shaking his head a little.  "...you missed the part where he introduces us to his little friend.  So.  How 'bout that blowjob?"  He gave Steve a little squeeze.  One of the things he liked about Steve was how much of them there was to hold.  A lot of the women Tony slept with were skeletal and Tony would never squeeze them for fear for cracking a rib.  Steve was solid.
"Nine hundred and eight-four," reported JARVIS automatically.  "Excluding the one Mr. Stark smashed over your head last week."
"No.  It's not okay... that's not my mark," he said.
like me?"
Pierce smiled a little more.  "Aren't we lucky to have the Cap back," he said.  "Ah, here's Gideon... Steve Rogers, meet Gideon Malick, also on the WSC... we've all heard quite an impressive bit about you from Director Fury..."  Gideon was also a bonded Alpha, medium-high dominance, an older man with grey hair but a surprising spring in his step.
Frond appeared out of the balcony doors, pulling out a cigarette to light. She glanced over and saw Tony, her eyes glinting something wicked. "That was an awfully dirty trick you pulled last night, Stark," she said, but it almost sounded like she approved. She leaned against the balcony edge, taking a drag. Surprisingly, Frond was polite enough to tilt her head away so Tony didn't get any of the smoke. "I imagine DeSoto set a good example last night. He's a very well behaved boy."
"...besides, I can't come to dinner with you guys," he said reasonably.  "They'd wanna know what I was doing there.  I was a job.  Job's over.  I doubt they're gonna buy that we decided to hang out afterwards, play some Parcheesi, have a latte. ...speaking of lattes, I still haven't had coffee, or breakfast, so... so if you could tell me I can go now..."
"Educator?" repeated Tony.
He had underestimated the blond, the man he was supposed to take alive.  He hit him in the face, in the chest, and every single blow felt like being hit with a brick.  He wasn't supposed to feel pain; he was supposed to be strong for his handler.  But the blond was sending him reeling.  He wished he were left handed; the only thing that really seemed to stop this guy, or at least slow him down, was his left hand.
"Do you think I want this?" Steve muttered, voice raw. "Do you think I want him hanging over me like a ghost?"
"Consider it an experiment. A test run."
They stepped down the stairs of the plane to find Happy waiting a little ways off with the usual car. And then there was another car parked just in front. Because of the speed at which they have moved west, it was evening in California, and the sun was hanging low in the sky and teasing at the horizon.  Steve's second sunset of the day.  In Alabama, it was no doubt already night, and the kids from the camp were probably already in their beds.
"What about Captain America?"
again, I will hit you." Even though it was sort of a threat, there was a hint of a smile on his face.
"--wonderful performance following a very level-headed press conference, during which he tactfully handled several extremely emotional issues, including force-bonding and a recent miscarriage.  Although many still argue that his actions in Yemen were indefensible, many have expressed sympathy toward his position. Early polls indicate that a majority of Americans believe that the captain's apology, combined with a probationary leave from working with the armed forces and therapy, is a sufficient response to the incident."
to be a soldier.  And he knew Steve was going crazy; he could feel the tension, the restlessness.
The two grabbed each other's hands and pressed together in a half-shake, half-hug.  Tony reached behind him, wrapping an arm around Steve's waist and pulling him close.
"You know, I'm not bonded," she was saying to Steve, eyes still bright.  "I would
"...thanks, buddy."
"Was your long-term plan to just keep replacing it?" asked Natasha.  "Keep playing a game of catch-up?"
, Pep."  Tony's voice wobbled again.  "I gotta go, I think he's moving.  See you in a bit!"
He tried to remember Steve's words to him from earlier.  Steve insisted he didn't care about dominance, but Tony couldn't help it.  He was an Alpha and it was programmed into him; that was how Alphas measured themselves.  It was as natural as comparing height in the boardroom or cars in the company parking lot.
...they stopped when I finally started building something.  But it wasn't for them.  It was for me.  And thus..."  Tony gestured dramatically.  "Iron Man was born from the ashes."
"Hadrhamaut, Yemen?" repeated Natasha.  "...okay. That narrows it down. What else?"
"Well, obviously, they were right.  They're both feral," said the colonel.
"...what?"
"You don't look so good.  You know, Moscow isn't the best vacation spot for your health.  The air here..." He waved. "...it's terrible." He looked over Steve's outfit critically, not moving, seemingly utterly unconcerned with the thought that Steve might do him any harm.
friendly, especially with the ladies.  Steve was attractive, extremely so. Of course Howard would have gone after him.  Pepper was more impressed that Steve had managed to avoid getting taken advantage of; Howard Stark wasn't someone who seemed like he took "no" very well.
The armor fell to the ground; Tony dropped to his knees, clutching his hand.  The thumb was definitely broken and possibly two of the fingers. He allowed himself a few moments of heavy breathing before he got up, grabbed a pair of keys off of the pegboard, and got into the Audi to drive himself to the nearest Urgent Care clinic.
"Let me fix it,
Tony caught his hand in his fist easily.  "I'm in the suit, dumbass."
"Everything looks normal, yes," said Dr. Gleason, still moving his fingers around.  Steve was squirming and Tony could practically feel the violation because he kept twitching and gripping Tony's hand every time the doctor hit a sensitive spot.
"...hungry," said Tony after a long pause.
bonded."
"Okay... maybe... follow me here..." mumbled Tony, cheek pressed into the floor of the plane.  "...you know how the little sick ones don't have heats?  Maybe this is the reserve.  Maybe he's like... having a super-heat.  I mean, he's like the Captain America of omegas."
"You'll protect everyone by killing Stark.  He's a dangerous man," said the omega, rising.  "Happy Christmas."
.  This place is a fortress.  And why the hell are you watching us?"
Everyone around him burst out laughing.
Rhodey hesitated, then said, "I paid for you until nine-thirty."
Tony winced a little, all too aware that Steve had been touching a vomiting person moments earlier.
"...I'm trying to talk to you about your behavior."
"I'm in heat," Steve repeated. He was a little wet between his legs but when he looked down and noticed Tony's hard-on it certainly got worse. He swallowed dryly.  "Pre-heat," he corrected himself, although he already knew his pre-heats were short due to his body's enhanced metabolism.
He peeled off his clothes and then climbed back into the bed, lying down, putting his hands behind his head.  "Steve," he said, and Steve glanced up, face still squashed into the sheets. "I want you to ride me. Take care of me, and you can cum after I'm done."  There. Tony relaxed, feeling a little smug and more than a little turned on. He and Steve were both fully erect.
"Why the hell is that in my file then?" Steve demanded. "Who put it there?!"
"Stark Tech," said the woman with disgust in her voice.  "Now that he's done with designing weapons, they've got him designing soldiers to act as weapons.  I fucking hate that guy.  He's, like, the war machine incarnate.  I bet the VA gave this dude a new arm and then tossed him out onto the street without even asking him how he felt.  Bet you in another two weeks they'll send him right back there to fight their oil war for them."
instead of the hospital."
Tony's hackles were up in an instant.
"Nothing. It's fine."
"...are you kidding me, Tony?  I've spent the last two months tending on you hand and foot, trying to manage the company remotely, and that's what you say to me when you find me in your home?  I'm here to help you mop up your mess, as usual."
Tony was still tense.
Fortunately, Steve was all about doing things the old-fashioned way.
"...Vanko.  It's Vanko."
One of the nurses was attempting to get through to him, to dab at his face, but Tony was too agitated to hold still; he was pacing desperately, footsteps ridiculously heavy as they clanked up and down the floor.
Back in the forties, keeping Steve from getting beaten, or worse, force-bonded and raped, was no small feat.  Steve picked fights all the time and Bucky was constantly arriving at the last minute to bail him out, summoned by their bond, by Steve's desperation.  Currently, Bucky's head was reeling, and he was lost in the haze of his own half-formed memories. Wasn't Steve big now? Couldn't he protect himself? But there was another Alpha there, and Steve had clearly been in distress--
"BOOK AVICII OR AM."
"My problem, Steve, is that you keep going back and forth.  The line between Cap and Steve is blurred. Sometimes, you act like this, like you want to be submissive and treated like an omega... and then other times, like yesterday, when we were looking at collars, you act like I'm oppressing the fuck out of you.  And I dunno how to reconcile that." He reached behind his back to tug his shirt off and toss it aside.
"No," Steve sighed, hating himself a little for answering and caring that Tony
.  You know he nearly went through what I did?  But he didn't. Steve, as an omega, is more dominant than me, as an Alpha.  Pathetic. I don't deserve him." He took another swig from the flask.
Tony's brow furrowed; he shook it.  "Uh, thanks?"
"Turn around," commanded Tony.  "You're a piping hot mess, Rogers- you looked like someone fucked you stupid an hour ago.  ...someone brilliant and handsome and irresistibly charming..."  He grabbed the shampoo and began massaging Steve's head slowly.  He'd never done any of this intimate stuff but it came as naturally as breathing.  And it felt great, watching Steve roll his head appreciatively, watching the water stream down his body.
“I know I don’t understand everything yet, but I’m trying to learn,” he insisted, trying to placate Tony.  He was used to people treating him this way.  Not just because he was an omega.  People had often thought Captain America wasn’t all that clever, that he just knew how to hit things real hard.  But over the course of the war, Steve had learned to speak German and French fluently; he had learned battle tactics, strategies, history; he had learned people, not just how to lead them, but how to work with and serve them.  Steve was a fast learner.  If Steve hadn’t been, he wouldn’t have made it to where he was today.
Bucky had marked him in this century.  But he'd also marked him in the last one, and in the last one, Steve had been nothing special.  Steve hadn't had the Captain America persona, the one Tony had so recently defiled.
She rolled her eyes a little.  Tony's nicknames always stuck; she no longer expected anyone to call her by her real name.
"Yeah.  I've got you," said Bucky, reached up to gently stroke the back of Steve's neck.
t was scary to think they had so far to go but... Steve knew that with Tony by his side things would be much easier.  And the 21st century was already a hell of a lot better than the 20th.
. In movies in the forties it had been cheesy and over the top; that was what made it entertaining. It would take Steve a while to get used to the 21st century sense of humor. He just didn't get it.
Peggy would be pissing herself laughing at him if she could see him right now.
There it was.  The first time those words had come out.  Now they were real.  They couldn't be taken back.  Tony had sort of expected something more dramatic but the shop was quiet and peaceful.
Tony, who almost never blushed, turned red and began laughing too.  "Oh-- oh my God. I didn't mean-- I meant-- oh, fuck, man."  He bit his lip. Steve's laughter was contagious. He flopped down beside Steve, who was crying with laughter, shaking with uncontrollable giggling.  Tony was laughing too, a bit more nervously, uncomfortable with all the things he'd said.
"Yes, I know."
"Hello? Steve, you there?" David had just picked up the phone.
Steve was basically working nonstop until the party after that. He and Tony avoided each other, not so subtly, but no one brought it up either. Steve threw himself into his work and Tony holed himself up in either his office or, at home, in his shop.  Steve managed to finish up his Avengers report and sent it to Fury the very evening of the party. His time with Stark industries was coming to an end, and he had to admit that he would be sad to go after everything. He would miss Pepper and Happy.
had been a painful experience in itself. They cost
"Fuck," he whispered. "Yes. Y-yes I want it. Please. Alpha. Give it to me. I want your knot. I want your everything."
"Welp, Merry Christmas!" said Happy, turning and making for the door.
More skipping on the reel obscured the first part of Howard's reply.  "--right.  Even if I mess up, he'll be able to figure it out.  He'll be alright."  Howard sighed and rose.  "Okay.  That's good enough for now, maybe we can shoot another one tomorrow?  I just need him to understand that this is his."  He gestured vaguely to the model in front of him.
Then another eight jumped down from the stage
"Soon," she said evasively. "It's in the works. But hospitals move slowly. You know how it is."
"I'll have a burger, too... oh, and this tiger prawn thing, this looks good," said Tony.  "And another black-and-tan... just keep them coming. I'll tell you when to stop."
Dr. Gleason, however, reached for Steve's hand instead and shook it.  "I'm very sorry for your loss, Captain.  If you need any support, please feel free to call me and I can recommend some very good groups.  Or, if you prefer, private doctors to speak to.  I'll be in touch."
Steve's neck felt wrong and tasted wrong, but there was still a hint of his ownership.  And it was still Steve.
"It's not okay," Steve managed to say. "We're in a cage, having a heat induced chemically, against our will! How is any of this okay?" he demanded but there was no real bite to his words. He almost wheezed, doubling over on himself as he let out a groan.  He leaned into Bucky's touch on instinct and trembled as he nosed against his neck. He had to bite back a moan. "I never doubted that you loved me, Buck", he whispered, and he truly meant that. The problem was how he showed it.
"...he doesn't know, does he?" said Natasha softly, eyes sliding across the room toward Tony.  He was sipping on his third drink, talking animatedly with Sam.
"JARVIS, can you turn on the air conditioning?" called Pepper; Steve was sweating even though everyone else in the room had doned sweaters.  The air conditioning was already on but it wasn't doing much good.
Then, louder, so that Steve could hear him (though he heard most of her mumbling thanks to the serum), "Your song is going last," Aria said. "So you do a big thank-you to everyone else who's performed and then you do your thing and we end for the night. It'll be very dramatic and very touching and it looks like we're set to raise a hell of a lot for your charity. Oh, and all the artists who volunteered are throwing a party afterwards... essentially for you Steve. In support of you. So you should probably go to that."
"I don't think
"Hi, Steve.  Tony, we need to discuss--"
"...talked to HR, but at this point I think I'm probably going to end up having to bring up a civil case.  Trent already contacted the Horseshoe Society about representing us. Or maybe he'll just quit. We've been having problems with them ever since he was forced-bonded, to be honest.  They just don't treat him the same and it really weighs on him."
"Can...can you get me some pen and paper? Something to draw with?"
adjustments, I rewired a couple of rooms, but not enough for a
"Well if you won't feed me then will you at least give me something so I can set my ankle?" Steve asked. The director smiled sickly.
With his tongue sticking out a little in concentration (a habit Steve was aware of but had no control over) he managed to do his tie and tuck it into the waistcoat just fine. Steve glanced up to catch Tony watching. "...Do I look okay?"
Steve was crying now. He himself wasn't clear how much of it was frustration and how much of it was acting.
It took several minutes for the armor to be removed; when Tony finally stepped out of the armor, he almost immediately stumbled, his heart throbbing.  He caught himself and growled out a defensive "I'm fine!" when Coulson moved to grab him.
Pepper set Donner down and smoothed down her blouse.  She turned to Lowenstein. "Start the paperwork, please, Mr. Lowenstein.  Thank you." Her voice was clipped.
Tony realized as soon as the thought flitted through his mind that his instincts were pushing him to fight.  To fight to the death.  Something that feral Alphas did over bonding disputes.
Steve blinked dumbly as he slowly processed Tony's words. "Right. The phone," he said with a thick swallow and fumbled around against the couch cushions. Steve sighed when he saw the caller ID.
"...DeSoto's not so bad, is he?" asked Tony, still eating his sandwich and swinging his feet.  "I think it's good for him to get away from Ron. ...it's weird to think that Malick is one of Fury's bosses.  I mean, I guess there's probably more moderate Alphas on the Council, but still. Weird. Also the Council just oversees SHIELD, and that's really a security agency, not much control over social law..."
Steve choked on his water, attracting a view curious gazes from around. Jesus Christ. Were these people living in the dark ages? If your omega wasn't aroused then surely you were doing more than a few things wrong! But then, if a lot of partnerships were via force bonding...then maybe the omegas weren't really attracted their mates. The selection process seemed grim anyway; surely personality should come before the chance of siring an Alpha? But then Steve thought back to all of their omegas he'd met so far, most of them terrifyingly empty of both character and gumption.
