Tony’s grin grew wider. “Our target. You and me are gonna get in there and swipe the EMP they stole, get it back in the Quinjet—do what spec ops has been trying to do for the past two weeks. Except we’re the dream team. We’re going to win.”
Dating Tony Stark had never entered Steve’s mind until a few months ago, when he suddenly started receiving gifts in the mail, at his desk in the Tower, and in his room in the compound. It had only taken two or three to figure out that they were from Tony, but Steve played the game until one day Tony was one of those gifts, asking him out to dinner.
He watched Steve when Tony didn’t. He caught the little smiles, the happiness—everything Tony wasn’t paying attention to. Didn’t pay attention to.
“But then you had to make it all about you.  Dad was so fucking scared that you were going to kill yourself. He wouldn’t sleep for weeks because he sat up all night waiting just in case he was your last call. He was the one that needed help, not you. You cut off your marriage. You did that and blindsided him.”
of blood hitting the tile echoed as Tony headed back down the hall, returning with a metal band around his right palm.
They ended up staying in bed all day. Steve orgasmed nine times, three times inside Tony, twice with Tony inside him, once by Tony’s mouth, twice by his hand, and once from Tony’s tongue.
Blaine set down his beer and stepped away, but only a few paces. He returned with some napkins and handed them over. “Wipe off your mouth. You really don’t want phlegm in your beard,” he said, rubbing his stubbly chin as if to show Steve how to do it.
But he cleared his throat, and lifted his gaze to Peter, who was smiling at him but staring at him so intently that Steve wanted to excuse himself. Pepper smiled at him, Rhodey cocked a brow, and everyone else (except for Tony, who knew better) was getting misty-eyed, probably because they thought he was too emotional to say anything.
“I got you, baby,” Tony whispered, so close to him. “I got you. I got you. Shhh, Steve, shh. It’s me, I got you.”
“It’s the right choice,” Tony said, eyes on Natasha. “Not worth the risk in there. Send your friend our kind regards, though.”
Time began to slip away from him. Steve couldn’t really remember where he was, or even who he was. Tony spoke to him in words he couldn’t understand, and he felt lips press to his forehead as his vision went black, though he was positive his eyes were still open.  The cloth slipped from his mouth, pulled away. He couldn’t move his mouth to speak anyway.
Steve turned sharply, pulling out his phone again to delete the entire text conversation with Tony, because he knew in a few minutes or a few hours he would look through it again, only to find himself utterly disappointed. What may have seemed so affectionate or intriguing or thoughtful in the moment always soured to the truth after a few hours away.
Steve obviously wasn’t thinking in terms of the child he didn’t know Tony was adopting. No, instead he was thinking about
“Course I can. How do you think we lasted as long as we did?” Tony returned with a snort. In the scheme of things, they hadn’t been together all that long. They weren’t some married couple that watched their world burn away. They had been two people who had become two very different people all at once. That kind of pain never healed, not fully.
It was Tony’s turn to frown, though only slightly. “Kiss me again and I don’t have to tell you bad news.”
“You do this all to yourself,” Tony murmured with a sniff, rubbing Steve’s back. “He just wanted to come ho—to come to my place for the summer.”
Tony hung up before Bruce could finish, and gave Morgan a kiss to the crown of her head.  She didn’t stir, not even when he rested his cheek against her forehead. Still hot, and she was burning up in his lap.
Tony laughed, squeezing Steve’s hand. “Do they? Like maybe I’m hiding me engagement from the world?”
A strange kind of relief flooded his bloodstream and Steve sharply reprimanded himself. Tony could and should sleep with whoever he wanted. It was his choice what he did with his free time, not Steve’s.
Last night was yet another example of that uncertainty flaring up into defensiveness, sharp tones, and all out yelling.
Tony rubbed his face as he shuffled across the floor and Steve turned on his heel, padding into the bedroom.
Of course it wasn’t. Steve took a deep breath, flexing his arm a little just to see if the tingling sensation would return.
He wasn’t anywhere close to getting the hang of it, but his very expensive transition counselor, Dr. Roberts,  often reminded him that even his worst days as a father were lightyears better than the treatment his daughter had suffered in her previous home. Tony didn’t dig too deep into what had happened to her—that had been part of his selection process. He didn’t want to pick a kid because of their story—every kid deserved a home, even the ones who hadn’t been through horrific trauma.
Tony meant to tease back, but suddenly Steve was there, his arms wrapped around Tony’s middle. It was familiar and warm, but not in the way Tony remembered. Somehow it felt like this wasn’t really Steve, just one of the dopplegangers Tony had called in during his darkest moments.
“Yeah,” Sam said carefully. “Bucky was giving me the update on the flight over. How’s the world-traveler life treating you and your new
He heard the click of the call disconnecting as he dabbed Morgan’s forehead. As much as she was protesting, Friday indicated that the fever looked to be going down a little. She was going to be okay. Of course, he’d known that all along, but somehow he was certain now.
He had purposely tried to steer clear of things he’d seen in that dimension. He talked with Tony before they ever got too annoyed with each other, and he had made it a rule never to go to bed angry..
“Would it be alright if I carried you to cover?” Steve asked, only meeting Tony’s eye at the tail end of his question.
He waited for Tony to call him a hypocrite, but the accusation never came. This Tony never told him he was too hung up on Bucky, that he needed to let go. This Tony knew what that kind of loss felt like.
He turned his gaze away for the next few pictures. He already knew what they were. One of Blaine fast asleep in a hammock with Pearson grinning behind him, a foghorn in hand. One of their old team, all of the guys smiling falsely, the way men did when they were at war. And another, taken by a nanodrone just before their last mission together, Blaine mock-sneering at the camera.
“He hates me,” Steve hissed, his words punctuated by his wetting lips. “He hates me and my sad little apartment and it’s my fault he thinks he failing! It’s my fault Tony! Hu—Hey--get off! Get off!
“I know,” Tony said, looking down at his hands. Steve grabbed a few fried pickle chips while Tony wasn’t looking. “I didn’t want to involve you. It really isn’t my choice to involve you.”
Peter licked his lips and lifted his brows, giving a shrug. “I went in to apologize like you said, and he was really cool with it.” Tony narrowed his eyes, trying to coax out more. Peter gave. “I went in and said I was sorry and he said it was fine. I gave him a hug and he gave me a hug and I…I mean, y’know, I told him I loved him and stuff and then you came and I left and now I’m here.”
The thought that all of his kisses were spent, that he had already received every loving touch he would ever get, that no one would ever smile at him in the middle of a conversation and say “I love you” again—it was a feeling that gutted him.
He had learned time and time again that any hope of having a good time at the rehearsal dinner would be pointless.
Steve’s tensed as though someone was winding up two balls of muscle in either of his shoulders. His throat was dry. “You—No you don’t. You don’t know anything about me.”
It happened on a Friday night in spring.  The air outside was warm, balmy, and scented with fresh rain. The dinner table was quiet save for the sound of their forks scraping against ceramic, but Steve didn’t think it was an uncomfortable silence. Peter sat beside him, sifting through his Calculus III homework while Steve looked over his AP Literature paper for grammar mistakes, misspellings, and to correct any off-tangent rambling that Peter and Tony both had a habit of going into.
“Don’t be,” Steve said, shaking his head. “I barged in. Do what you need to do to be comfortable. I’ll wait in here.”
“The potion worked, then,” Thor interrupted with a triumphant smile. “You both saw the reality you wanted most. As I predicted, that reality was shared. As for what actually occurred, you likely bathed and retreated to the bedchamber. Most do—just to sleep, mind you.”
“Here, big guy.” Tony shucked off his blanket, and he had to do a little hop to make sure it got over Steve’s shoulders okay. Once it was nice and snug, Tony took Steve’s hand again, lacing their fingers together and squeezing tight. “You’re gonna be alright.”
This had to be the right dimension. Everything felt right, and nothing looked any different than he remembered. There was no grass lining rooftops, and all of the cars were noisy and rattling off exhaust.
“Because I know it was right.” He lifted his hands to rub his eyes. “I don’t regret marrying Tony, not really. And I don’t regret having Peter. But I think I knew from the beginning that it was all gonna end.” He looked up at Bucky with a hint of a smile. “If you knew everything was gonna end, but you were having the time of your life, would you cut it off early to save yourself? I didn’t. I didn’t want to.”
With that, he hung up the phone, slamming it down on the countertop and shattering the glass screen.
“Don’t call me that.” He hadn’t heard that in a few decades.  “I’m nowhere that concerns you or Peter.”
It didn’t help that Tony had done as he said. All communication severed. No personalized Christmas card, just one with customized gold writing and a picture of Tony sticking his tongue out while Jackson pulled a hat down to cover Tony’s eyes. A cute photo, really, especially because Peter had taken it.
Steve put his hands up, taking a step back. “Whoa, Tony, I think something must have gone wrong. I got an invitation. I’m not crashing your wedding.”
Peter went over to get Harry up while Steve whistled out the front door to call the dogs. All four came bounding across the street from where they had been hanging out at Bucky’s, but didn’t enter the house until Steve made sure they hadn’t gone for a dip in the water since he’d washed them down right before dinner. They were dry and clean, so Steve let them inside.
“Yeah, yeah.” He let out a sigh. “See, I remember workin’ the docks all day, comin’ home absolutely beat only to find that you’d gotten sick while I was away. ‘Course, I thought, can’t leave Stevie to die here, so I go all the way back down eight flights, two blocks over to the corner store to get ya some cough syrup. Then I go all the back up those stairs—my feet are just achin’, Stevie—“
“He said it would take a year or so. It’s been a year and he still fights us,” Wanda said. “At what point do we decide to stop hefting his burden?”
If not, he had four hundred thousand other ways to make sure he didn’t give up on the man he loved. Not this time. Not ever again.
Steve shook his head, taking a step back. “I need to talk to Tony. The real Tony. I’m not fucking around—where is he?”
“Am I gonna like this coffee?” Tony asked awhile later, after they drove past the shop to look for a place to park.
Tony took the drawing and held it out to examine it. He recognized Iron Man, and but there was also a smaller Iron Man—or, Iron Morgan. She was dressed in a purple and yellow suit, complete with a mini arc reactor. They were holding hands (circles with lines sticking out) and flying through the clouds. A wobbly heart hung in the air between them.
Mary Jane cleared her throat. Peter whispered something to her, but she shook her head. “Oh, they aren’t coming. I probably should have mentioned that earlier, huh?”
Steve didn’t blush, so Tony wasn’t entirely sure if Steve was fucking with him when he replied, “And I said I’d love to spend more time with you.”
Breaking things off with Steve had been one of the more horrible things he’d ever done in his life, but somehow this was worse. Probably because he had no finality, no tangible end, so he could obsess about every moment, lead his mind down the well-worn paths he’d made for himself that always ended in the same place. He was on a treadmill, and he had a hard time believing it wasn’t intentional—Steve giving him a taste of his own medicine from the three months he’d been away on mission.
A staccato vibration at his wrist turned Tony’s attention down. Friday had taken to alerting him via text:
Winona narrowed her eyes, but shook his hand before standing up. “I’ll do my best. But I’m not making any promises. In fact, I’m telling you this could blow up in your face in a very big way—”
Morgan tugged him toward a hallway, her white hat flopping playfully as she tried to force him along.
“Is that what you want to do?” Rhodey didn’t deserve to be stuck on training duty. He loved being War Machine, and Tony wasn’t about to let one of his suits get old from misuse.
Peter actually didn’t want to be around him anymore. Peter actually didn’t like him or want him at the wedding. At least he knew now. At least he didn’t have to wonder any longer.
There was nothing quite like being home, in bed with his husband. In their bed. Steve crawled into the warm embrace of their blankets and didn’t even bother to take off his sweatshirt. Tony kicked off his shoes and slipped in beside him, fitting snug against his chest. Steve looped an arm around his husband to keep him close and gave a lazy smile when Tony tipped his head up.
Steve reached over, gently patting Tony’s shoulder. “I forgive you,” he said. “I can’t imagine the guilt that’s been weighing you down since they passed. I’m just glad I could be the one to help you past it.”
The only thing they had in common was their solitary lifestyles. Tony liked to be alone in his lab wih his loud music and robots, while Steve didn’t have a choice was to sit by himself in a house or a tower or an apartment he didn’t own, maybe listening to NPR or to nothing at all.
The man leaned back and closed his eyes. Bucky guessed he was singing, because the target’s lips began to move in time with his and her mouth stayed open too long to be talking.
Sharp little fingernails plucked at his collarbone as Peter shifted again, but Steve didn’t mind. The pediatrician said that skin-to-skin contact was the best way to foster a bond. It was too cold for Peter to be without his footie pajamas, but he had his puffy cheeks pressed against Steve’s chest, which was close enough.
He realized then how desperate he had been, how utterly stupid he had looked scribbling on that napkin while Ben had been trying to get the hell away from him.  That grimace should have been a warning to fucking drop it.
Regardless, the wedding would be beautiful, Steve was sure. A quiet wedding on the beach, with none of the flair and dazzle of other celebrity weddings. The food would be excellent, the reception band superb, and none of it would be anything like when it had been Steve marrying Tony. Tony would probably make sure of that.  Even so, it would be a great time and a great day.
He perked up when Pete came into view up front, smiling and offering a wave that he knew Peter couldn’t see. Peter waved at someone else with a wide smile and Steve realized that it was probably Mary Jane. She had come all the way out to Malibu to support Peter and his father. That was nice of her. Steve liked MJ.
There was a long silence where the only sound in Steve’s ears was the rhythmic thumping of Bucky’s heartbeat. He desperately wanted to pull away, but didn’t have the energy to fight anymore.
He watched as the saline solution in the tubing was replaced with red at each arm—new blood coming in, old blood coming out. Like fucked up dialysis.
Then Tony was whistling his way down the stairs into the inky darkness. He said something to Peter, but Steve’s hearing was strangely muffled.
The Tower wasn’t a permanent residence for any of the Avengers, but when threat levels were high, they found it easier to move into Stark Tower—now Avengers Tower.
Steve set his duffel by the door and crept into the living room, eye on the bedroom door. Maybe Tony wasn’t at home, but someone else could be. That would be quite the dramatic way to give Steve the message, and Tony did like his share of drama.
Tonight, everything would be okay. He would tuck a daughter who loved him into her bed with a kiss goodnight, and slip into his own sheets with the man he’d waited for all his life. He would wake up next to that man in the morning, and say he loved him too.
As if to keep up the air of mystery, Blaine almost always hid his hair underneath his trademark black beanie.
It was almost comical, war. Steve had just grabbed a dead man’s hand without even thinking about it. Like it was a piece of gum. Just something to be tossed back into the ocean. Dismembered bodies didn’t even have much of an effect anymore, though Steve had a feeling he would see plenty more of those by the end of today.
He found the helmet the following Wednesday, after the divorce papers had gone off to the lawyers to begin the formal separation process. It was buried under some clothes in Tony’s closet, a crumpled Post-It still stuck to the side. The writing was rushed, haphazard Sharpie scrawled across yellow paper, but the words said enough.
Ant Man stayed hidden to protect his family. Steve knew his real name was Scott, but that was all he knew. He never asked. He never even asked Iron Man, and they were close friends. Best friends, even. Especially now that Tony was losing ground there.
Well, he’d done a fucking fantastic job at preventing that. Peter had left him years ago. Long before Steve had even recognized it as leaving.
Nobody wrote anything about him anymore. Nobody ever said he had ignited an old flame or found someone else.
“I’m gonna have to breach,” Steve said, pulling a mute charge from his pack. He stuck it to the door and nodded to Blaine before triggering the charge.
“Hey, Noodle,” Tony started, but Morgan let go of his hand and ran forward, hopping up and down in front of a drawing.
“I…” Tony trailed off, looking down at his hands. “I appreciate you…handling this as well as you did. I know I probably seem a little crazy to you, or something.”
Ben was a world-class horse pedigree analyst. It didn’t sound like a job that would get him such a nice suit and cologne, but Steve was quickly made aware that he just didn’t know jack squat about horseflesh. Racehorses, show jumpers, polo ponies—all of the successful sport horses in the world relied on carefully planned breedings and genetics. And Ben loved his job. He also liked writing letters and teaching fiction writing courses for kids in low-income households.
Jackson stepped into the living room, greeting him with a wave instead of a kiss once he noticed Tony was on the phone.
“Sorry, I know this is totally outta line, but can I sit with you? I mean, I guess I’m already sitting, but is it okay if I sit here?”
“I’m okay,” Tony assured him. “I’m about to be more than okay when I see the both of you. Just think, in a few hours we’ll be snuggled up on the jet.”
Steve never let anyone draw blood from him. He didn’t donate blood either, just in case someone was going to try to inspect it later.  There were enough traces of the serum in his blood that someone (though they would have to be smarter than Tony) could potentially piece together a new serum.
“Monitors in each room, at the ready for movements as necessary,” Francine replied. “Attempted sweep by Stark’s security bots was successfully avoided via Steve’s personal belongings protocols.”
The front door opened to the restaurant and Tony’s eyes snapped up to the figure in the doorway. A man and woman stumbled in, their dopey grins giving away their drunkenness. He looked back down at his napkin that he’d folded and refolded about a hundred times, now creaseless and perfectly flat on the table, every corner square.
Every time he thought about that, his spine pinched uncomfortably because he had a horrible feeling that Steve had no idea Peter had gotten engaged. It was still quiet from the media, but Tony occasionally checked Peter’s phone records to look for malicious incoming calls and none had been made to Steve’s number in at least a year, unless it had changed.
“I dunno. I’m happy, though. For now. All of the crazy monster alien stuff is more for you guys anyway. I’m still a military man, always will be.”
The room was a mess, from the spoiled food sitting on the bookshelf to the torn posters on the walls.
Steve stared at the letters, tracing the indentations the pen had made on that paper. His heart ached terribly in his chest, wringing itself over and over as he fought with himself about whether or not to open the envelope and read what was inside.
Morgan looked up upon hearing his tone, and Tony offered her a wide grin. She smiled back at him and turned back to her toys.
Though he did wonder how that would go over. He could almost picture the look on Howard’s face as he tried to compute that Steve was attracted to his son—that Steve Rogers wanted to marry the kid who was never good enough. Howard had always seen Captain America as an ideal, both as a person and a symbol. God, he would pay to see what his dad would have done if Steve came up and planted one on him. It might actually have short circuited Howard’s brain.
Tony gave a disbelieving look. “I’m discounting the Wannabe Gold Digger Women of America. They don’t count.”
“I wish you’d stay sober more,” Steve replied curtly, taking the bottle of shampoo to start on his own hair.
Normally, this was where Tony would blow off the question and make some remark about how a gardener might be able to spruce up the neighbor’s lawn a little bit, add some color (“Every house could use flowers, Rhodey, even brownstones.”). But Rhodey had been the guy Tony came to when things fizzled out with Pepper. Though their breakup had been amicable, he still hadn’t dealt with it well. And he was maybe just a tiny little bit afraid that this thing with Steve was an attempt at a rebound.
He smelled something cooking, but he didn’t really have a nose to decipher dishes from afar. Tony made his way to the kitchen to find Steve standing at a steaming pot, stirring some bubbling noodles.
Tony was so childish. Even so, Steve was warm all over. God, he really didn’t like Tony at all. “You do not.”
“That’s not going to work,” Not-Tony said in the same gentle tone. “I promise I’ll explain everything if you just rest first.”
“You said it was gonna start hurtin’,” Steve reminded him, gently easing back against Tony to sit up, ultimately ending up on his lap.
“But what if it isn’t right?” Wanda asked, absently twirling a string of red energy between her fingers. She looked up at him, testing him.
Those memories would never return. He knew now that those feelings of love and affection would never return either. Certainly not for Tony.
Steve watched as the rest of the team swooped in and started cleaning up monster parts off the street. Hulk started studying, and Steve could tell Iron man wanted to be down there studying with him.
Steve’s cheeks flushed. He didn’t remember saying anything that incriminating. “We were both drunk.”
The mangled scars crisscrossing Steve’s arms had faded to a cheerful pink, creating intricate sleeves of flesh tattoos not visible underneath his thick winter gear. Even with three pairs of wool socks, his feet were frozen as he picked his way through the snow, carefully stepping into the tracks that Blaine left behind.
Tony rubbed his jaw, frantically trying to remember their previous conversation about this. He’d dumped everything in the back corner of his brain to be forgotten about. A year with Steve. God, had he really agreed to that? They hadn’t even made it six months. This wasn’t supposed to happen so early.
Steve pulled out his wallet and Tony found himself transfixed with the methodical way Steve pulled the cash from the worn leather and sifted through the bills until he pulled out a twenty. Before he took it out though—yup, there it was—Steve opened his lips and swiped the pad of his thumb over his tongue before grabbing the bill.
Papa. The word Peter only ever used when he was in private with Steve, when he was upset or wanted to borrow some money for the movies.  He couldn’t refuse when Peter called him Papa.
Maria looked like she might slap her husband for a moment, but then her expression changed. She didn’t say anything.
Seeing the good in someone was watching the life drain from their eyes and knowing he had done his job right. Good was completing the mission, making the shot, making the kill.
Tony sat on the edge of his chair, his spine locked, his fingers wound together as though he might haul off and hit something when the inevitable truth came.
He wished he could have just stayed in the ice for twenty more years. Ten, even. All of this could have been avoided.
“I’ll tell you,” Steve promised, his arms winding around Tony’s waist. “I just had to see you first, tell you how I feel.”
With a quiet sigh, Steve looked to the stars, hoping to see the faint light of an oncoming aircraft. There was none. It would take probably a day to hunt them down, Steve guessed. Tony would build something in that time—probably faster, really. Steve had always underestimated his abilities. That was probably one reason Tony no longer loved him.
He realized he’d called Steve darling and hadn’t been yelled at, but it was late. Early morning hours allowed a lot of things to happen that shouldn’t.
“Stop it right there,” Bucky said sternly, grabbing his chin and forcing Steve to look him in the eye. “Don’t you ever talk about yourself like that, Steve. Don’t you ever think that about yourself.”
“And here comes my darling,” Tony announced far too loudly, all but shoving past Winona as Steve rather hurriedly entered the room.
“Hey, while we’re on the subject of waiting, want to tell me where those divorce papers are?” Tony snapped, loosening his tie.
There was a whirring noise, and one of the bricks shimmered for a moment before turning into a small screen.
Tony paused, but Steve didn’t look up to see his expression. “There’s two chairs up there. Steve, why are you sitting down here?”
That was a kind of total trust, total enveloping love that Steve was shocked could even come from Tony in such a short time. Steve had been with him for a few years and he didn’t think Tony would ever be the person to share a bed with a stuffed animal. He didn’t get attached to inanimate objects that weren’t made of metal. Yet this person had stepped into Tony’s life in a matter of months and flipped him on a head.
“Love you too,” Tony replied. “But my mouth is gonna be sore by the time we get there if we keep up all this sappy stuff.”
Steve’s face didn’t change. “I wanted to practice drawing again. I wanted to teach. And I wanted to meet Morgan without putting pressure on her.”
“I’m calling Bucky,” Tony said. “And Sam and everyone else. Stop making this into more than what it is. Please, Steve. Something’s obviously wrong and we want to help you.” Tony voice softened and he stepped a little closer, tentatively reaching out to touch Steve’s arm. “I think you should talk to someone. Get a dog or have Bucky move in or
He never wanted to meet them. He didn’t want them to know that he was anything but the monster Peter knew him to be.
The guys laughed and Steve cracked a little smile as he scanned over Peter’s face. He was so much older. The last time they had seen each other was almost four years ago—he had grown into his lanky body. His hair still needed a comb, but Steve knew that was just the style now.
“Daddy and I fight too much. You don’t understand that now, but when you’re older, you will. It keeps getting worse too, no matter what I try to do. And…you’ve never met Grandma and Grandpa, my mom and dad, but they fought all the time. Always. And back then nobody got a divorce. That’s what me and Daddy are gonna do—get a divorce.”
Now he watched as Tony and Jackson walked up the aisle arm-in-arm, abandoning the practice of one waiting at the altar. Pictures were taken all over and phones sprang up from the crowd like weeds, capturing it all.
Blaine cracked a smile and extended a hand, but Steve could tell the action was forced. “I’ve heard a lot about both of you. Barnes, it’s truly an honor,” Blaine said with a dip of his head.
“Hey Kissum,” Emory said with a chuckle as he grabbed the dog by the collar and hauled it from the man. “Did you know they used to feed dogs a piece of the kill to get ‘em to wanna do it again?”
“Pops,” Peter said from the other side of the door, his voice barely above a whisper. “Papa, I’m sorry. Can I please come in?”
Tony said nothing. He stared at Steve, those too-blue eyes searching for something Steve knew he couldn’t give. He was thankful that those eyes had been so unnerving in the beginning. He should have listened to his gut.
It wasn’t a surprise. Steve had known the first time Tony called him to say that the tabloids were right, that he and Jackson Slade were together.
Steve didn’t slow as they approached town. Groggy tourists huddled outside the lone coffeehouse, rubbing their arms and muttering to themselves, wary of the approach of two sprinting men.
Steve considered not answering, letting it stew in Peter’s mind what might be happening in his dinky hotel room, but then he remembered that Peter was his son, that ruining Tony’s day would only further ruin his own life, that nobody cared what happened to him as long as he didn’t go off and die.
“I said, Tony, Jackson, MJ, and I are going to dinner, then having family movie night at the house. I can’t go to dinner.”
Steve’s vision blurred for a moment, but he blinked it away, trying to avoid the dizziness. He hadn’t taken a good look at his arm yet, and he didn’t think it would be a good idea to do so until they were back in the barracks.
Steve lined the red dot of his scope up to the dog’s chest. It was a tricky shot, but even if he had to punch through a leg or two, the bullet would kill its target.
The floor was beautiful dark hardwood, lacquered and shining in the low, warm light. Windows made up most of the outer walls, and they had been dimmed and hued to create a sunset look. In the far corner was a bar—fashioned after the bars he’d grown up around. All wood bartop, open, welcoming. Leather-cushion barstools sat in a neat row, a contrast to the white, iridescent accent line that ran the length of the bar.
Bruce was behind him a little ways,  standing off to the side and far from the high-powered friends of Jackson’s that were staring at him. Steve smiled when Bruce saw him.
“Sorry.” He forced his eyes open and tried aiming down his sights again. He couldn’t make out any of the shapes, but he shot anyway to provide covering fire. They couldn’t possibly have much ammo left.
Damp, chilly air greeted him as he walked out of the store with his sculpture. Spring was coming, though in Malibu it would be beautiful this time of year.  Winter didn’t like to leave Maine.
“You have to get that looked at, Rogers,” Blaine warned. “That can’t happen on mission. You’ll get us all killed.”
That made him prickle. “It’s not that simple, Winona,” he growled. “As I’m sure you can imagine, this relationship is a little unconventional, and the other half of this unconventional relationship just so happens to be the poster boy for everything perfect all the time.”
Bucky followed, their shoulders brushing as he fell into place on the rail beside Steve.  “Yeah. I come up here a lot. Nice and quiet.”
Tony stared at his phone where it lay on the table. A cell phone was quickly becoming old technology, but—like any old man—Tony had trouble letting go of what he was used to. He was a pretty tech-savvy guy, but something about punching in the numbers by hand when he called someone felt like the only way to really reach them. And it let some of the terror fall away with the movement of his fingers instead of just saying something in a croaky voice and having JARVIS do it.
Whatever had happened to Morgan, Tony decided he didn’t want to know until he had to for now. Because without Steve around to come after him to stop him from hunting down and murdering whoever had hurt her, he would definitely hunt down and murder whoever hurt her.
Steve tongued the inside of his cheek, looking to the sea. The granite waves still churned, but the edges were ragged, and beyond the surf he could see the confusion on the water as crest collided with trough, creating ever-moving craters in the horizon. The storm was upon them, yet the rain still hadn’t started.
“What is this, high school?” Tony shook his head. Then: “Are you just saying that to mess with me or what?”
The elevator doors opened to the hotel lobby, where several paparazzi were already flashing photos as they strode out to the car. Tony held his hand a little tighter, but Steve knew he was ready for this. Nerves weren’t enough to tear down what they had now.
Then a picture of Sam popped up, him and his buddies at his retirement home all wearing sunglasses and nodding to the camera. An old picture of the last time Steve had seen Clint, at a party for some charity Steve had never heard of. Clint had passed away just a few years after that. Assassinated by one of his own men.
Blaine sighed. “Look, I get it. But we’ve been doing this for two hours,” he said, scratching at his stubble. “You can beat the shit out of anyone, we both know that.”
An hour later and Steve, Pearson, Cueball, Boone, and Blaine were sitting around the table in Steve and Blaine’s room, though they called it their pod. A modern-looking metal and glass bunk bed sat nearby as the five of them shuffled through their worn-out playing cards.
Her name was Morgan. Tony had considered changing it, but that made her seem a little too much like a pet. Her name was Morgan, and that was that.
Jesus, had he really been that controlling before? Tony frowned. “I mean, is it a suicide mission or something? Now you’re starting to freak me out.”
“Is he?” Tony stood up again, a little more prepared to go on the defense now. He warily met Steve’s eye.
A root that had been hidden beneath the leaves struck his spine, but Steve hardly felt it as he was on his feet again, racing up the opposite side of the gully, imagining himself as a lion, then as a horse.
Honestly, it didn’t occur to him until that moment that maybe he should have tried calling Steve at some point before this. But phone calls were always a bit too personal to him (laughable considering his history with Steve) and there was something almost negative in the connotation. Calling someone to have a conversation had once been the only purpose, but now? If he didn’t call with something to say, some plan to be made, what was the point?
Though as they walked back into the exhibit room, Steve’s sole competition was standing there with children hanging off of him like Christmas ornaments, wearing Morgan’s sunhat cocked on his head.
So Tony got Steve all to himself for the next few months, which was basically what was going to happen.
Tony frowned. “I told you from the beginning that this was going to be a fake relationship. Of course it started out as a means to an end, but Steve, that’s not what I want now.”
The floor was…clean. The concrete looked new, the lines freshly painted. The grout in the subway tile was clean, and the only sign of unkemptness was the pieces of posters from old advertisements still stuck on the corkboard. There was no graffiti on the platform, no smell of mildew—the air wasn’t even humid. He inhaled and didn’t get the sense that his lungs were filling with grime. It was
Tony looked lost for a moment, but when he blinked, he was back again. “A lot better. But I’m gonna hold off on any real brainpower stuff until dawn.”
A sticky fiber shot from the band and retracted, pulled the ceramic from Steve’s foot. Steve flinched involuntarily, letting out a hiss as more blood trickled onto the floor. Tony tapped the band and a cloud of white sprayed from the band, coating Steve’s foot.
Steve watched carefully as Tony spoke, looking for any sign that this was a trap. Instead, he read nervousness—and Tony Stark seldom showed anyone that he was nervous about anything. Steve sat up a little straighter in his seat and picked up an onion ring, taking a bite.
“Copy. That’s a match. Take them and go, it’s about to get hot as fuck in there. Dogs are going in,” Cueball warned, and his voice was getting tight.
He headed for the door, slipping past Peter to move the trashcan while he could still feel his hands.
“Well,” Steve croaked, “I’m sorry. For what I did to you and Tony. But I just want you to know that I still love you more than anything and I always will.” He swallowed hard. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Blaine nodded toward the gate. “If this is it, take out the two on the right. If more are inside, we’ll have to cloak in.”
He rested his cheek on Nikolai’s shoulder, stroking his sleek coat and burying his fingers in the warmth that was always trapped in the second layer of his thick fur.
. I chose this. Tony didn’t choose this, I did. I don’t have a right to be a fucking loser about all of it and begging for attention all the time and—“
As Steve returned a witty reply of his own, the eyelash from Tony’s cheek settled on his shoulder. Once Steve’s head turned to look out the window, it wiggled before imperceptibly slithering through the threads of Tony’s sweater. Elsewhere, various tiny tufts of lint that Tony had been picking at earlier began to reassemble themselves, aligning on Tony’s shoulder and collar as he spoke to Happy about guests.
“From Stark Industries, I know,” Steve said, trying to keep his voice level. His heartbeat was so loud he was sure Emory was flipping out in their pod, trying to see what was going on with his microchip readings.
Steve smiled weakly. Jackson was way too nice. “Thanks, Jackson. But this is your day. I didn’t mean to cause any kind of trouble, I just wanted to be here to congratulate you both.”
The noise was muffled by the man’s skull, enough that Steve wasn’t worried about anyone hearing. He flipped the body over and tossed the gun, wordlessly scanning for an ID, swipe card, or something else they might be able to use later. He spotted an ID card with a barcode and yanked it from the man’s belt.
Peter was scowling at him. Scowling. “It’s true. We do literally nothing. Do you know how much better I’d be as a scientist if I just stayed home with Dad all the time?”
Steve swallowed hard. “Maybe that’s why Peter shouldn’t stay here anymore,” he said in a quavering voice. “ ‘Cause it’s not good for him.”
“Steve, there are about a million other ways you could have handled this,” Tony hissed, unable to hide the hurt, his cheeks hot. “Instead you just—you’re here? Kissing me? And you’ve been hanging out with my daughter? Doesn’t that seem a little fucked up to you?”
“He’s twenty three. He’s two years younger than when you went to war. He’s just as young and stupid as you and I were. He needs you there, guiding him, but you’ve just—you’ve—I don’t even know. If you’re too much of a coward to tell him you don’t want him, then tough luck. I’m not telling him.”
Steve dimly realized he was on fire as he clawed his way toward the shield. He was sure he’d recognized where it had landed before, but time was no longer relevant. He didn’t know what was going on, couldn’t remember even the second he was currently experiencing as he fought his way to the shining metal.
“Your problem is that you think I’m going to go looking for a fight,” Blaine explained as they headed down one of the brightly lit passageways toward the mess hall. “When I make a move, you keep thinking I’m going to follow through with my original plan of attack. But when I see you’ve anticipated, I adjust. Your center of gravity is up here,” Blaine knocked the back of his knuckles against Steve’s chest. “Black Widow? Hers is in her hips. That’s partly why she likes the thigh moves—yeah, yeah, I’ve seen her fight.”
Steve had always judged people who got divorced. He couldn’t help it—he had always seen marriage as something with greater importance than a relationship.
Morgan grabbed his finger and pulled. He pretended to be knocked off balance and yanked forward. It occurred to him as he “regained” his balance that this may very well be the first time he’d ever attended a public event without nerves. Without eyeing the champagne trays, without a knot in his stomach.
“Jesus, Rogers, you’re starting to make me think I could be an Avenger,” Blaine chuckled, picking up his towel from the sidelines of the sparring mat to wipe off the back of his neck.
Steve sniffed once, then made a little wheezing noise in the back of his throat as his mood took a nosedive straight into the dirt.  He was used goods now, a hollowed out man with too much baggage for someone going places with his life like Ben. If only he would have kept his mouth shut, or kept his damn pencil in his pocket.
He didn’t want to stare down anyone else to watch how they were doing it, so he just pushed his food around on his plate and didn’t eat anything.
Steve decided he wanted to know. He would respect Tony’s privacy if it came down to it, but he did want to know what had happened to the family in those pictures. If Tony wouldn’t tell him, he was sure someone on the team would. If he ever met them.
Tony’s eyes were so big and beautiful. They could suck Steve in without warning—they were as dangerous as they were home. He’d made a world in those eyes. One he’d convinced himself he would never have to leave. Just imagining the way Tony might be looking for him right now made it a little more difficult to breathe.
Steve took his hand like nothing was wrong, like they hadn’t been apart for as long as they had been. And the worst part was that Tony blindly followed, stumbling along after him.
“You keep staring at that thing. Don’t tell me you put some crazy robo killing machine in there,” Rhodey said, giving him a pointed look.
Steve almost started looking around to see if he was being mistaken for someone else. He barely knew MJ. They had seen each other only a few dozen times, as she had lived closer to Tony.
Steve would be the name they wrote on their Christmas cards and the strange man in Maine that bought their grandpas a falcon statue for their wedding. The strange man who Daddy visited sometimes when it had been too long to be politically correct. But only sometimes.
When he pushed the wine forward again, Tony let out a defeated sigh. “Fine. But do your magic first, if I taste alcohol I’m kicking you out. I’m serious.”
The patio (it was actually a screened-in porch) had turned into what Bucky called “da Vinci’s workshop.” Paint tubes in various states of use were littered all over the floor. Sets of oil pastels were scattered among canvas scraps and pieces of wood frames. Half-finished paintings were stacked against the walls, and a few sketchbooks lay open on whatever surface space was available.
A little while later, Tony called for the table’s attention by tapping his champagne glass with his spoon. All eyes turned to Peter’s father.
Tony frowned. “Babe,” he whined. “I want to catch up too, but I want to spend some quality time with you. The kind we can only have when the little guy’s asleep.”
Steve watched with a grimace as the creature was ripped apart from the inside, Giant Man elbowing his way out of the creature with a battle cry.
“Advancing.” Blaine moved forward silently as they headed for the house, glancing around to check for movement just as Steve was doing. Meanwhile, the rest of the team emerged form the lake and hurried to catch up.
“I think I just need to be away from this,” he said, shaking his head again. “I don’t want to say something I regret, and I don’t know how I feel.”
Steve had laughed then. Now, he wouldn’t laugh. Those words would not be affectionate or loving. They would be dry, thick, and crusted with horrible truth. Tony never said them, but sometimes Steve swore he wanted to. He watched--like a storm gathering on the horizon--when Tony almost made himself say it. When things became so impossible that the best thing to do was to hate. Steve understood. He wished he could do the same.
Steve grinned, pressing a kiss to Tony’s forehead. “Absolutely. It’s just a big step, I’m trying to get myself ready for everyone else knowing about it.”
These were the moments Steve knew he would never forget. Quiet moments in their penthouse, the silence only broken by the noise of the city all around them, so far away. The faint scent of Tony’s cologne, of whatever metal he was working with in the lab. The sensation of Tony’s breath on his neck and the brown eyes looking him over in the darkness.
The harbor glimmered orange in the light of the rising sun, with ribbons of shredded blue decorating the surface.
Steve took a seat on the closed toilet, frowning as he noticed the intense trail of blood that had followed him into the room.  The soft
Steve looked out the screen door to Bucky’s little house, where the siding was covered in moss that crept down from the roof and the windows were always dark. During the day, at least. At night, there was only ever one or two lights, and never any movement.
It had been so long since he had been in Malibu. The place annoyed him to a fair degree—people who lived there were rich like Tony, but didn’t have the generous personality that Tony did. They were mean just to be mean.  That was why they had only really ever visited Malibu on vacation trips.
Bucky pushed him back a little and looked him over with sad eyes. “I wish I coulda been there,” he murmured. “I wish I coulda done somethin’ to stop this.”
Well, Steve had made it through loneliness without once crawling to Tony for help. The only times he had fallen apart that Tony knew about were when he just happened to be coming by.
His blood chilled. Steve looked over at Tony again, this time only focused on his expression. “A…Someone likes me?”
Steve gasped loud and flung up an arm in a reaction of complete terror. It happened quickly—he threw an elbow out and clawed for his head in a pointless attempt to stop the searing pain of his bones and brain melting, little noises of agony breaking from his battered throat, shaking his head, shoving, flailing—
Bucky had said he would stay up the whole night with the lights on, just in case Steve had to step out and needed a place to go. Bucky had also said he would try to kill Tony if he saw him. As though getting a boyfriend after fifteen years of divorce was somehow a betrayal.
Steve’s hands came to his face this time, holding him in place, grounding him. “I do love you. That’s why I did all of this, Tony. So I could have you back the right way.”
Tony looked downright wary and Jackson was clearly regretting his decision to send that invitation. They were both flushed and happy-eyed, but all of that was fading away pretty quickly now that Steve, The Problem, was standing there in front of them.
Tony’s face twisted to a scowl. He knew that voice. “Get the fuck out here, Barnes. What the hell are you doing?!?”
“It’ll be easier if you’re civil with me in private,” Steve murmured. “You don’t gotta be extra nice or anything, just don’t…do this again.”
“Easy,” Steve soothed, gently guiding Tony back down to the sand. His touches were strange—just enough pressure and force to garner a reaction, then he released. There was no lingering.
“You always do this to him. Every time he sees you, he ends up miserable. It took Jackson a week to get him back to normal after we visited last summer,” Peter hissed. “He’s just trying to move on and you act like he’s turned his back on us.”
Steve shook his head, staring down at the sink. Why had he even washed the dishes? They weren’t ever going to set foot here again. Thank God. “I made my choice, and it’s final. Should have done it a lot sooner.”
Bucky stood there in a worn leather jacket, black cargo pants, and a grey shirt that looked as warm and comfortable as he remembered home being. The white and black sneakers on his feet screamed civilian, and Steve could only try to smile. Bucky was out of the war.
He fed his dogs and stood back as they attacked their food, crossing his arms. Then he turned his gaze to look out the screen door to where Jackson was holding Tony to his chest in a hug and kissing his hair.
It was a mug, painted with blue and black glaze with a spray of bright white flecks to create a striking scene of the night sky, giving the impression that sipping from the mug would be sipping from the stars.
Steve held his gaze, trying to decide what to ask. Bucky didn’t share much with anyone aside from Natasha, but he didn’t trust this man.
The car stopped and for a moment neither of them moved. Steve looked out the side window at the growing storm clouds and Tony stared out over the steering wheel.
Steve could only make our the basic features of Tony’s face in the dark and it reminded him of the sketches he used to draw while he had been on the run. Something so familiar to him should have been so easy to capture and recreate for himself on paper. But as time had gone on he’d lost the wisdom in Tony’s lashes, and lost place of the little lines  at the edges of his smile. No sketch was ever completed, all of them too unfamiliar.
“Sorry about the field trippers,” Steve murmured. His voice had that little distracted tone that meant he wished he was kissing him right now. Tony knew it well.
“Sorry I’m late,” Tony said as he folded his sunglasses and placed them on the table. He pulled out the empty chair beside Steve. “They kept me there to talk about pricing. As if I care.”
He turned back to the compound, and purposefully kept his gaze straight ahead or to the left. He didn’t want to know if the light was still on in Tony’s living quarters. He didn’t want to know. He didn’t want to send a text back, just to see if Tony would respond. To see if he wanted a conversation where there was none. If he even wanted Steve at all.
“C’mon.” He gently scooped her up into his arms and made his way to her little bedroom. Her toys were strewn all over the floor, and her kiddie workstation was a chaos of drawing supplies and dried paint. She really had a thing for art.
“He’s all I have,” Bucky snapped. “And if you keep fucking around with those text messages you’re going to ruin whatever shot you have at salvaging you two.”
Tony swallowed. “It’s true. And this time, we’re sending you an invitation. I’ll know about it this time, even.”
“I love you too, you know,” Tony said softly. “But if you ever pull something like that again I swear it’s over.”
Steve kept his eyes to the ground as Tony and Jackson walked by, making their way to the flowery archway while everyone clapped and cheered. Faceless people in forgettable dresses and suits.
“No,” Tony shook his head, reaching out to gently grab Steve before he could bolt. He could see that look in his eyes that said he was definitely going to bolt. “Not no—I just—Steve, I’m not exactly sure what you’re asking here.”
Steve kissed him instead of replying, and Tony found himself laughing halfway through, beyond happy. He hadn’t felt this way since before Steve left, when they’d kissed tangled in sheets before Tony took him to the tarmac.
Lightning flashed and Peter groaned, squirming on his chest to try to avoid the light. Steve shushed him gently, swaying side to side and turning his back to the window to try to shield Peter from the storm.
At sight of Winona Steve stopped, blinking at her for a few moments. “Oh. Hello there, I’m—I didn’t mean to interrupt. Friday told me no one was—”
Tony pouted for a minute, embarrassed that he’d said anything. This thing with Steve was a stupid crush thing. The only reason it wasn’t gone was because Steve wasn’t the kind of guy you could just make out with and be done with it (to put it tamely). They worked together. They were friends.
It was fucked up how they had to be stranded on a deserted island to have this conversation. Probably to save Tony some pride, or maybe because he didn’t want someone else to see them together. Steve never really suspected Tony left him for anyone—that much was true now, since Tony had never spoken of anyone else. Then again, Tony knew Steve still loved him. He probably wouldn’t say anything until there was no way to hide it anymore.
“When you can pass a PT test, we’ll talk,” Rhodey cracked back, greeting Tony with a pat to the shoulder. “I was worried I’d lost you to the lab.”
“Good for you?” Tony asked, his voice a bit hoarse. He was behind Steve again, hands on his ass, rubbing everywhere he could reach. Probably peaking this most recent high.
“Pops, what’s up? I’m at Dad’s wedding, remember?” Peter’s voice was muffled with background noise. Music, talking, more music.
“No, Tony. I’d really like for you to leave now,” Steve whispered with a sniff. “You aren’t supposed to be in here anyway.”
It had been a big subject of debate to decide which supers would be giving up their identities. Steve had no issue announcing himself to the team. Many people knew who he was in the public sphere as well, given that all of his documents had been declassified after he went in the ice. Some chose to keep their personal lives completely separate. Iron Man had said once that he had a past, and as the unofficial leader of the team, he didn’t want to be  seen as lesser than. He’d told that to Steve in confidence, and even Steve didn’t know his true identity. Iron Man was a private person, an incredible mind, and was one of the few supers that Steve could see surviving well on his own.  Most importantly, Iron Man was his friend in a dwindling pool.
“Let’s see…” Tony quirked his lips, scraping his mind to try to remember a time when he had been the bearer of bad news for Steve. Twelve years ago was when they got divorced, but again, he hadn’t been the one to give those divorce papers.
He buzzed into the outer door, briefly wondering if maybe Tony kept tabs on his entries and exits of the building. Those thoughts were the worst, the impossibly quick ones that were labeled desperate if he ever allowed himself to remember thinking them.
“Thought you didn’t care what other people thought, darling,” Tony drawled, making a show of checking his watch. “Is that why you aren’t divorcing me? That ol’ pre-war pride?”
Peter made a little noise in his sleep and Steve hushed him, gently scratching Peter’s back the way that always knocked him right out.
Steve instinctively backed up, terror flooding his bloodstream more than it ever had in his entire life.
“You shut your goddamn mouth,” Tony spat in a voice Steve hadn’t heard since Tony had slandered him in the courtroom.  Then in a voice turned softer, “Steve, just talk to me. Please talk to me.”
“You adopted a kid while I was gone on mission and didn’t tell me about it,” Steve countered, his voice even.  “I needed time.”
Steve had snapped the neck of a fifteen year-old German boy guarding an SS stronghold. A lot of kids got into the Army at that point in the war. Germany refused to accept defeat and instead kept trying to throw punches, disposing of men and boys like kindling to a fire.  Steve’s job was to get in and get out. No witnesses.
Steve found his legs again and stood once they entered the apartment, yanking himself free from his friends’ arms. He could handle himself. He was totally fine. He wasn’t even crying anymore. He was fine.
They stared at each other for a moment, and then they were circling. Steve scanned for a sign that Blaine would come at him, and Blaine looked for the same thing in him.
“I didn’t exactly plan for you to be here, Pops.” Peter sighed, and Steve could just see him running a hand through his hair.
“Affirmative,” Cueball answered. “No sights on any other tangos in the area. The other patrol is headed east, over.”
He had considered bringing a date, just for some kind of rub-in-Tony’s-face kind of deal, but he couldn’t even fathom actually doing it. Peter would be in the wedding anyway, and would be disappointed in him if he showed up with a date.
It didn’t take much thinking. Tony would absolutely comfort the Steve from an alternate dimension. No hesitation. One look at a suffering Steve, and Tony would melt.
But Tony’s tie and suit jacket were haphazardly strewn over the mini fridge he’d wedged into his bedroom at the foot of the bed, and he definitely wasn’t wearing enough clothing to justify that they’d had a friendly sleepover.
Blaine let out a snort. “I’m out of line? Fuck, Rogers, I’m not the one that looks like I walked out of a horror movie. You did this on purpose and I know it, even if you don’t.”
Steve scrunched his nose when Tony kissed his cheek, shivering at the warm wash of breath over his ear. Tony snuggled close again, draping an arm over him, and Steve turned his head to breath in the scent of Tony’s shampoo.
“I’ll see you in the morning. I usually get back around nine thirty, so don’t be worried if I’m not there. And the dogs will all be here so you don’t have to worry about anyone—“
Steve dug through his pocket, pulling out his metrocard. He spun on his heel, but saw no turnstiles, no kiosks, no gates.
Steve’s heart was pulp in his chest. “Oh, Peter,” he said quietly, wishing he was down a floor so he could give his son a hug. “I’m okay, Petey. Everything is okay. I just want what’s best for you, I’m not sad. I don’t want you to leave, but it’s not the same.”
“He’s so talented. I tell him he needs to start painting with me—you should see his sketches!—but he just hates it, so I let him go.” Candice rolled her eyes dramatically before taking a long sip of her wine.
Steve scrubbed his eyes. “I’m not his Papa anymore,” he whispered. “He’s right, there’s nothing for him here. He needs a place like the penthouse. He needs a lab and his friends. All I do is hold him back.”
When the stairway opened up to the main dance  floor, the crowd cheered. Tony smiled and waved, even as some people looked pointedly at the wine glass. He didn’t care if people thought he was a drunk slob. He was throwing a goddamn party—for free—so they could shove it all up their asses.
Tony liked to think Morgan was fascinated by his creations because she knew he’d created them, but he knew that it was probably just because sparkly things and little kids went hand in hand. Especially potentially dangerous sparkly things.
“I promise not to be too much of a jerk,” Tony added, but his voice was soft and his face smirkless.
Tony leaned forward to investigate, watching as the wine glowed gold momentarily before fading back to a deep, blood red.  He reached out, taking the glass by the stem and bringing it to his lips.
Steve let out a snort. “I don’t treat people with respect who make unnecessarily stupid choices and risk my friends’ lives for no reason.”
Steve led the charge, careening around fisherman and earlybirds as he made his way down the street at the center of town.
Steve turned, wrapping his arms around the metal as best he could to get Tony comfortable. He pressed a kiss to Tony’s temple and closed his eyes.
“Dada, no,” Morgan groaned as he patted her face again. She was only half awake, but she was going to be a terror if she regained full consciousness.
“Didn’t think I’d ever hear you say I was good ever again,” Steve murmured, resting their foreheads together.
Tony opened one eye to shoot him a look. “Steve, for fuck’s sake. I’m not afraid of you. You’re not some…you’re not anything negative to me.”
Tony shrugged, his gaze going distant. “We worried about that for awhile. Fought about it, talked about it. But then we decided that we wanted happiness, we wanted love in our marriage, and we wanted a family, and we couldn’t have those things if we made work the priority all the time.”
Steve entered the room and investigated the corners, kicked over a few sizable wooden crates, and shot a few bullets into the couch and comfy chairs.
“Not Tony’s!” Rhodey sighed. “Not Tony’s. Steve’s. Our Steve. We took blood from him constantly, secured it in a top-secret location in case he ever needed a transfusion. Normal human blood worked fine on him, but cut his healing factor. Having his own blood on hand sped up the process.”
Tony grunted as he got into an upright position, but Steve instinctively swooped in when he saw Tony’s eyes blow wide.
His therapist encouraged him to be excited. She said that in the past few months he had really grown and changed. She believed Tony and Jackson’s wedding was actually helping him.
“Always giving me the heavy lifting,” Steve said with a smile, as if he hadn’t just killed another human being. As if he wasn’t dragging that human being’s body through the snow.
Blaine didn’t even take his chance to joke about wire cutters when they reached the fence and he pulled out a pair. This was a mission now, not a social gathering. Steve kept an eye on the men at the gate while Blaine flicked on the cutters to produce a beam of energy between the two metal prongs. The beam sliced through the metal like a hot knife through butter, and without a sound.
“If this has something to do with Jackson, please don’t think like that, Pops,” Peter said. “You’re my dad first. Always. Jackson’s just my new dad, y’know? He’s really cool.”
On the second floor, he eyed his target. She was brushing her teeth, blonde hair falling out of a haphazard ponytail. She was talking to someone—no, singing a song. A rock song, judging from the way her face wrinkled and contorted. His rifle made a series of clicks as he adjusted his scope, eyeing the trees around the house to gauge the wind.
When Steve shot Tony a confused look, he clarified. “Cleaning bots were always around when we were all here. Hard not to associate them with a houw full of people who aren’t here anymore.” Tony stood and offered Steve a hand. “Should be good to stand on it now.”
Blaine’s hand went down and he leapt from the OWL, down just a few feet into the lake below. Steve jumped after him.
Steve bristled, lips curling to a snarl.  “The penthouse is not yours to give,” Steve grit out. Despite all of the warning signs to the contrary, Steve was disturbed to find that he didn’t feel any gripping worry. There was no sense of dread in his gut, like he usually felt when Tony was in any kind of danger--when anyone he cared about was in danger.
Peter swallowed, clearly uncomfortable. “I said…I said that we don’t ever do anything and that I’d be out of college right now, like you were, if I didn’t come over there. And then he asked why I was mad and I told him that he always tried to push art on me—and he totally does, Dad—and that I don’t like art. Oh, and I also told him I didn’t want to see him. But I was just mad. He knew that. He said it was okay.”
Blaine chuckled. “You’re my family too, Rogers. Quit acting like you’re dying, you just lost some blood.”
He briefly wondered if she was a mother. If she was even supposed to have been in this room or if she had just stepped in to say hi to the man Blaine had killed.
Steve froze mid-step, then whipped around to see a man standing there that his brain immediately recognized as Tony, but it…wasn’t.
“I loved you with everything I had,” Steve whispered. “It was never a choice if it ever came down to you or something else. It was always you. It still is, and I hate it.”
A mouthful of saltwater triggered him to cough, but doing so sent more water burning down his throat, choking him more fiercely than any enemy ever had. And above, boots pummeled him, crushing his head into the sand and stomping the remaining air from his lungs.
“Uh, I’m working on it,” Steve offered, holding up his wine glass. By the bowl. And only about half of the alcohol was gone.
Each word was like a hot lash against Steve’s face. He stood up quickly, his chair scraping against the wood floor.
The air didn’t seem so sticky anymore. It turned cold, the kind that clawed into your bones and filled the marrow.
Jackson took his hand and gave a few firm pumps, but his brow was furrowed. “Steve, aren’t you staying? The reception is just a little ways down the beach. We’ll all be going over there in a few minutes.”
Steve’s heart stopped for a moment, and he had to war with himself to keep calm. Endless scenarios played out in Steve’s mind of what Tony might be about to ask. He had a habit of bringing up very important topics in a casual way—what if he wanted them to get back together? Maybe this was the gateway to a road that ended in their happiness, renewed vows, renewed—
At one point in his life, Steve would have known exactly where Tony was going with this, but that part of him was so warped now that he waited until things were spelled out to him. Better not to confuse things.
Steve crawled back into bed without being beckoned, meeting Tony’s lips for a loving kiss. Tony moaned softly against his mouth, another indicator that he wasn’t sober. When Tony was high this way, he was hypersensitive and incredibly eager for sex, but all Steve could think about was how Iron Man probably knew the same thing. Tony probably acted like this more often than not at…wherever Iron Man lived. Maybe they had penthouses in buildings next to each other, or Iron Man just rocketed over to Tony’s after every mission.
“I’m sorry, I’m still having trouble with this. You’re saying you spiked drinks with an elvish potion, gave those drinks to Steve and I with no knowledge of their effects on humans, and then let us leave together.”
Tiredness had sunken so deep into his bones that he could hardly feel it anymore. But once again, his face was still normal. When he smiled, it was still pretty damn convincing. He tried it a few times just to make sure.
“Peter, call Steve,” Tony said, a little more sternly. “I don’t want him finding out about this on the news and getting upset.”
“Oh, right.” Steve laughed, pausing in front of the dogs. “This is Charlie,” he pointed to the palest, largest, and fluffiest of his retrievers. “Lucy,” the darkest of the three goldens, with a slight curl to her coat. “Fluffernutter—Fluffy for short,” the youngest of the three retrievers, and Sam’s personal favorite. “And the Shepherd is Nikolai.”
Steve had listed everything, angry and upset because Tony was really gone, Tony was really leaving him for good.
Tony would never forget what Steve had done to him, and there wasn’t much of a way to get past that.
There was no signature, and there didn’t need to be. Iron Man’s helmets were unique, created with metal alloys only he knew how to make.
Blaine shifted beside him, lifting his assault rifle and checking down the scope. Not that Steve could see Blaine’s eyes hidden behind the thick metal casing that covered his face.
Tony’s brow furrowed as a warmth started in his stomach, a warmth that moved up his body where it settled at the back of his jaw, tingling there. This wasn’t right.
The church started to empty, but Steve remained in his seat.  As much as his mother would scold him for not being a good Christian and finding his community here, he knew what his being here could mean. Protestors, for one. A lot of Christian groups loathed him now that he was out, and they would definitely make trouble here.
Steve laughed. “Yeah, well, neither is staying close. But I’m gonna do it, because I love you. And I think you’ll do it too because as much as you don’t think it’s the same anymore, you love me too. But I get why you don’t want to say it to me, and I think that’s for the best.”
“Did you really bring three watches?” Jackson asked as he started unpacking Tony’s clothes. “And the Rolex? Really?”
Tony shuffled away and a few moments later the elevator dinged, signaling his departure from the floor.
Of course, Steve was still the same, his bags were already packed, and he hadn’t forgotten anything.
Morgan smiled at him and skipped at his side, so he lengthened his stride to match. Attendees turned, giving wide smiles and looks of genuine happiness. Little kids waved excitedly at Morgan, and Tony was surprised to see her wave enthusiastically in return. It seemed everyone adored her, and he was pretty sure none of these parents had ever even met her.
Blaine gently slapped him on the back to get his attention before speaking into the comm, “Entering the compound through the fencing. Overwatch, keep us updated on that patrol.”
Steve closed his eyes as the wind washed over him, his lips slightly parted to taste the salt in the air.
Steve rolled his eyes, but laid down, hands folded behind his head. His hip was just brushing the edge of Tony’s pants—a touch that small meant so much now. Now that they had trained themselves to avoid everything about each other.
“Buck, leave him be,” Steve warned, still breathing hard. “He’s always cranky when he doesn’t have his caffeine.
“I know you live under the impression that everyone thinks you’re a goddamn saint, Rogers,” Blaine said as he continued returning fire until his mag was empty. He cursed, grabbed another clip, and slapped it in. “But even though you might have been trying to save me—and, I didn’t need the help, by the way— the second those dogs started tearing you up, you abandoned mission.”
Tony’s throat tightened as though Peter had just said he didn’t want to live at the penthouse. His vision swam for a minute, and his heart clenched tight enough to expel the air from his lungs. Oh no. Oh Steve.
At least seeing his bike made him a little happier. He loved his bike, and it would be good to ride back to his apartment with the wind in his hair. Back to the apartment he hadn’t lived in for almost half a year. He wasn’t even sure he had any furniture in there anymore.
His throat tightened, then his chest. Almost the same way it did when a gal threw him a wink, or when he was caught staring at a dame’s lips.
Bucky shook his head. “Maybe on your side of things, but I can promise you he’s always thinking about it. And when he comes to his decision, you’ll know.”
Tony’s lip quivered, and he passed a hand over his face. “And then you just…you looked up at me and you still had whatever I had lost. I could see it in your eyes, your face. Every part of you still loved me. You smiled all dreamy and instead of feeling the same, I got this awful feeling in my gut, like I was…the closest thing I can equate it to is what it might have felt like to cheat on you and try to live that lie.”
“You weren’t around him every day for a week at a time. I was. I still remember how horrible it was, even though I was just a kid. I remember Bruce Banner coming over after Dad locked himself in the bathroom and wouldn’t come out. Then when Bruce got the door open he told me that Dad had been brushing his teeth and ‘accidently’ swallowed too much mouthwash.” Peter’s eyes were swimming with tears. “It took me until I was twelve to understand that he’d been trying to drink it because it has alcohol in it and the Tower was dry. That was because of you!”
Tony looked at the floor, and Steve could see that his eyes were still a bit glassy. “Yeah, well…” He swallowed, looking around the room, everywhere but at Steve. “Could I sleep in here?”
Another wave slammed against the stern, knocking into the ship and sending a few privates to the deck, young cheekbones slamming against wet rubber.
“I try so hard to leave you behind. Every fucking day I say it’s gonna be the last time I let you control my life, and every fucking day, I can’t do it,” Steve forced out. “When I don’t see you for awhile I think maybe I have a shot at this and then you show up again and I’m back—I’m back to square one—I fucking hate it!”
With only slight embarrassment, Steve stood up, allowing the blanket to fall and exposing his naked body to the moonlight. Some years ago, this might have triggered a crafty line from Tony that ended with them fucking in the surf.
He looked up just to make sure it was Blaine. Without the sound of boots and the clacking of equipment, someone could easily just be trying to fool him.
Winona nodded slowly. “Yes. It doesn’t mean that we’re out of the woods, but it’s a major win. I’d say with your resources you could have a child within a few months, if not sooner.”
Upon reaching the scanner to enter, Steve pulled out the ID tag and showed the barcode. The screen turned red, reading something in Russian that Steve assumed wasn’t good.
Pearson, Cueball (his real last name was Knowles), and Boone all sat on the other side of the cabin, checking over their gear and making sure they had all of their equipment.
“Get a damp cloth—cold water. She’s probably going to wake up and she’s not going to like it, but just dab at her forehead, her arms. Really a lukewarm bath is best, but she’s not going to like that at all.”
“I know he is,” Steve said, flinching as he drew blood at the edge of his thumbnail. “He’s a great guy. Speaking of which, you should probably be off to dinner soon, right?”
“And I distinctly remember you sitting on a tabletop while I was working on something, and you asked me how to talk to a girl,” Tony continued, his grin fond. “When we talked about that, I never in a million years expected that this girl named Mary Jane would be anything more than your first heartbreak. I thought for sure you’d inherited my tendency for going through lovers left and right, but then you were dating her for a year, then two—until finally I realized that this girl was the one.”
“She knows,” Steve said with a nod toward Mrs. Freeman. She looked up as if on cue, offering a wide smile and raising her eyebrows at Steve. “She’ll watch Morgan,” Steve added with a sheepish wave in return.
Tony had no problem imagining Steve ‘s internal debate whenever he got the text (every Thursday at 4 o’clock on the dot), deciding whether or not to cancel his Friday plans, thinking about what he would say if he did show up, thinking about doing this whole relationship thing. That was why Tony sent the text: because it meant that at least one time a week, Steve was thinking about them. About him. It was selfish, but he needed that little shred of hope to stay functioning.
A battered wing piece created an arch over the sand, providing a cave-like structure that looked sturdy enough to withstand any harsh winds while offering rain cover. Certainly better than the smoking cockpit.
“And, um,” his voice started to shake. “I’ve watched you grow up and…and I’m so proud of you, Peter. You’ve found yourself and you’ve done everything you set out to do in life and I’m so, so proud of you.”
Tony’s eyes were so warm. Chocolate. Hot chocolate. Steve remembered Tony hated when he said chocolate. Eyes are not food. Chocolate.
“Oh, great. I feel better already,” Bucky said dryly. He frowned. “Is it…can I give ya a hug? Is that okay?”
“Tony?” Steve rasped, lifting his hands to rub his eyes. The IVs had been taken out, and the punctures in his arms already healed over.
He rolled out from beneath the car, uncaring that oil was still gushing from the crack in the oil pan he had created only moments ago. Peter problems came first, and clearly he was having an issue with something.
Steve just chuckled. “Fine, but just chips. I’ve spent all day getting this pot roast up to par with your dad and Jackson’s tastes.”
Fluffernutter headed straight up the stairs to his bed with Lucy tagging along right at his heels. Charlie went straight for Jackson in the kitchen, his tail wagging furiously. Nikolai greeted Steve with a sniff and then headed to check out all of the inhabitants of the house one by one.
Vision frowned. “I think I would rather fall from the peak. At least that way you will have lived what would have only ever been fantasy had you stopped at the foundation. You would have something to cherish before meeting your demise.”
“It was the first thing that came to mind,” Steve admitted, cheeks flushing. “It wasn’t—can I talk to you somewhere else please?”
A pained crossed Peter’s face. “Harry said there’s always parties on the weekends. I have to be there if there are—it’s a networking thing, dad. You can’t just show up to work every day, it’s about networking.”
There was a pause and Steve squeezed his eyes shut, trying to rid his mind of this moment. Peter was absolutely right. He had left. He had left and expected his broken family to still allow him to inhabit the same space he used to.
Rhodey pretended not to hear him. “But look, man. Every time you guys hang out, he always says yes. The only times he says no are when there’s no possible way he can be there. I love you man, but even I’m not that free.”
Steve was silent for a long while, running through quiet memories from when days were something he looked forward to. The nights he had been unable to stop smiling, waiting for the next text from Tony to light up his phone, for the next time they would see each other and he would be able to entertain thoughts of Tony wanting to be with him. Then the nights where Tony fell asleep on his chest while they watched stupid movies that Steve didn’t pay attention to, too busy running his fingers through Tony’s hair and imagining a life together with him.
He ruffled Bucky’s sweaty hair and then stepped past him to head to the Ferrari. There wasn’t even a dent where Steve had collided with the back end.
He screamed. He screamed so hard he felt his lungs rip open and felt as they began to fill with blood. Blood was seeping everywhere. His organs were splitting at the seams, blood filling crevices he knew it shouldn’t.
“Pete, I remember the first time you came home with us and I almost had a heart attack because I thought for sure I was about to drop you on your big round head,” Tony started.
It was only a little bit unnerving knowing he was being watched all the time, but he never asked Tony to have JARVIS turn off or stay quiet or whatever it would be. JARVIS protected them and kept watch over Peter better than any guard dog or human being ever could.  “We’re just fine, aren’t we, Pete?”
Steve watched him leave with a sickening feeling churning in his gut. Not because Blaine’s words surprised him, but because he knew he was going to stay even if he was right. Maybe he was killing people for no reason. Maybe he was just following some politician’s orders. But he was doing something with himself. He had a purpose here—and no one he had killed looked the least bit innocent to him. They exterminated high-value targets, evil men in charge of the bloodshed.
“You said that about that mead, too,” Steve muttered, but he reached out and grabbed the glass by the bowl. Didn’t even take a whiff of it before sipping it like a dog.
Tony bit his tongue, unbelieving that Peter could be so blatantly ungrateful for all that Steve had done. All of the shit Steve had to slug through for years while Peter was a toddler, four years old and under the spotlight as the world watched to see who would burn in the divorce aftermath.
He stopped and pulled Tony to him, meeting his lips with a hunger before they were even by the couch.
“Three months? What kind of op is this?” Tony looked over Steve’s shoulder, as though Natasha might be standing there to tell him what could be so important that she was taking Steve out of the equation for three damn months.
“That’d be pretty rude for me not to say hi to the people getting married. But, Pete, I wanted to ask to see if—“
His fingers started moving before he even knew what he was doing. His brain had found a solution faster than his thoughts could catch up.
Hurt came to Tony’s face, the kind that sent ripples through Steve’s core, try as he might to be left unshaken. Tony had no right to look like he’d been the one to be affected by this. Tony was not the one served papers for what Steve had thought was just a rough spot.
“You weren’t supposed to bring a gift,” Pepper said, her voice a little tight. “You were supposed to do—“
The log sprayed splinters in their faces as a Russian bullet ripped into the wood, but Blaine took care of the shooter a heartbeat later.
“Whenever they decide they need some positive PR, I guess,” Rhodey said with a shrug, pouring himself a glass of pineapple juice. He raised the carton and lifted a brow.
The air thickened between them and Steve felt another lick of self-disgust at Bucky’s hurt. “Buck,” Steve murmured.  “I’m sorry.”
“You’re torturing him.” Bucky worked his jaw, clearly upset, but it wasn’t angry. It was…worried. For Steve. Tony wasn’t sure he’d ever seen Bucky
“Sorry,” he said with a cough. “This wine is terrible. I forgot how rich people only drink dry wine.” He coughed again, staring at the shadows on the floor.
The hallway was so quiet. Steve—who hadn’t spent all that much time in the penthouse even in his own dimension—could feel the cavernous silence. It seemed to swallow them in the stone and glass, the sleek, modern edges that had been meticulously designed.  The whole place seemed cold, washing in bluish grey light that only echoed loneliness.
Tony sat cross legged, eyes constantly moving as he read over the screen, absorbing information in languages Steve couldn’t begin to comprehend. He’d always been fascinated with how fast Tony worked. Every limb in his body was tuned to a minute frequency where even the slightest wiggle of an eyebrow was indicative of profound discovery. His fingers were always moving, but contrary to popular belief, Tony wasn’t always typing. He liked to keep his fingertips just grazing along the surface of his keypad, as though trying out a thousand methods before finally selecting his final choice and tapping away.
Tony nodded, glad he’d found something to get her mind off of things. “Absolutely.” He glanced up as their valet walked toward them. “All right, kiddo. Time to go.”
With a final check to her vitals, Tony turned to head back to an empty bedroom to curl up in cold sheets and wonder if a man across town had fallen out of love with him.
Steve realized he had just made a monumental decision on the spot, but he didn’t care. He knew it was for the best that he never read that letter. All it would have done was made him upset or maybe even make him want to talk to Tony, but it was much too late for that.
And sometimes Tony just really needed someone to care for him. Of course he had Rhodey and Pepper and a host of others, but they didn’t ruffle his hair, cook him dinner, and kiss him goodnight (thought Rhodey probably would if Tony really nagged him to). He wanted Steve. He wanted Steve’s arms around him, someone to pull him to bed when he tried to stay up late. And someone to share the burdens of parenting, because they were significantly more straining than any course load at MIT or deadline for Stark Industries.
The ghostly hiss of the waves only served to distance Steve from what he was doing as his palm came to cup Tony’s jaw, as his thumb stroked the curve of Tony’s cheekbone.
“They have an hour to make it 400 meters in full ghillie. Once they’re within a hundred meters, they take a shot. A blank,” he added when Steve looked momentarily panicked. “We’re the lookouts. We see if we can identify the shooter. When we think we can see ‘em, we send a Sergeant out with a stick to where we think they are. If he can put the stick out and the candidate is within that circumference, they go packin’.”
“I’m not leaving you here by yourself, Steve,” Tony said quietly. “I know what you’re doing. It’s okay to break down like that, okay? It doesn’t make you weak. Trust me, you couldn’t come off that way if you tried.”
“Well,” Jackson said. “Next time you’re over there, just let me know. I love Italy, I have tons of friends there that would happily give you a place to stay for however long you’re visiting.”
Steve looked down at his hands and swallowed hard. But all he had to do was close his eyes and remember the arguments where he and Tony had shoved each other against walls, yelling about risking too much or not being home or not acting the least bit acceptably in a briefing. All he had to do was remember the pure fury he had felt, and how many times he had only kept his fist from Tony’s jaw because a voice in his head screamed for him to stop.
That didn’t mean Steve didn’t have his demons. His regrets. That things didn’t scare him stupid in the middle of the night.
The farmhouse they’d taken shelter in was quaint, but nice. Everything was covered in a thin film of dust, and field mice unabashedly watched them eat from the holes in the floor. The house was shrouded in ferns and palm fronds, making it nearly invisible even from drones. Natasha’s contact had been fairly certain the owners of the property didn’t even know the house was there at all.
As he pulled into the valet line, he wondered if Steve would approve of a kids art gallery that had catered dinner and actual art critics in attendance. Steve bucked societal trends like his life depended on it, but he also never complained about rich people things unless Tony asked him about it directly. Steve knew full well that Tony stressed out when he thought people were disappointed in him, so he never said anything negative about where they were or who they were with. And usually he had plenty of reason to.
While they fucked—Tony thought it was making love, but it wasn’t—Steve felt like his real self was sitting across the room, looking past them at the moonlit city out the window. His body was reacting to the touch, the rhythm, the warm skin, but his mind wasn’t there at all.
“What’s got you so angry?” Steve said, dropping into a soft tone, stepping in to cross the distance between them. “Talk to me. Tell me what’s wrong, Tones.” He leaned into Tony’s sneer, hands framing Tony’s face, looking him over as though he could find the answer in his eyes.
“You won’t take any shit from him, and your overwhelming kindness even makes me want to be a better person. You know it’s serious when I feel like doing good.”
Before he realized what happened, Bucky’s metal hand was clasped around Steve’s wrist. Pure reflexes, residual from a life of survival and carnage and blood. Bucky knew that, but it didn’t make him feel any better that his body still had control of him.
Steve looked down at his hands before he could think on it much longer. “I should still talk to Tony.”
Of course, Tony didn’t pay attention to minute cues when he didn’t feel like he had to. “What? He hasn’t aged a day since I met him. What’d you always say, Steve? I’d end up with the platinum crown, you with the gold?”
Steve let out a shaky sigh and cringed when embarrassment began flooding in to replace his…insanity. He had no idea what else to call it. God, he was such a child. This was exactly why he lived alone, to stop from embarrassing himself when something made him upset. He would have been fine if Tony had just driven off instead of coming up here.
“I do,” Tony said with a nod. “My only limiting factor would have been Morgan, but looks like she likes you more than I do.” He glanced back into the art room when he noticed Steve hadn’t put his glasses back on, but decided not to say anything. He wanted everyone to know he was leaving with the most handsome man at the party.
Something rammed into his right side and suddenly Steve was truly soaring as he miscalculated his dodge.
He nodded once and dipped his head, nose prickling in warning as he thought about crying again. He clawed at his temples as the smell of burning paper began to waft around the room, tempted to call out and stop the burning, to save those last few words and keep them in his pocket where he kept Blaine’s letter, still stained with blood from when Steve had carried him home.
Tony set down the shell of metal he had just unfastened from the sphere and motioned for JARVIS to take the call.
“I’ll just play up the pining Army spouse role,” Tony assured him. “Don’t worry about that stuff, Steve.”
Jackson nodded thoughtfully. “I’m sure the tourists will be fun this summer. I have a villa in Tuscany—let me tell you, it’s impossible to go anywhere without waiting in line. My assistant has to drive thirty minutes just to buy milk.”
“I feel like I’m forgetting something,” Steve said distractedly, looking around the room again. Phone, keys, wallet…what was missing?
The Avengers compound was quiet, a betrayal of the power underneath that roof. Night had fallen long ago, and Vision was fairly certain that the mission to rescue Tony and Steve had been successful. Wanda was no longer worried, so he knew he didn’t need to ask. They were both safe, and coming back to the compound in a matter of hours, or perhaps days, depending on where they had been found.
Steve wiped his eyes after shutting the door to Peter’s room and froze when he heard the sound of a spoon clinking against a plate in the kitchen. Tony was home.
Tony flinched, gently thumbing over some Sharpie markings on a blood bag that Steve couldn’t read. “I promise you’ll go home as soon as we’re done.”
A silence hung in the room for a moment, and Steve knew it was time to go. The portal hummed, inviting him back.
Steve took a thoughtful sip of coffee, pretending to mull it over. To prove to Tony that he wasn’t just going to jump into this just because Tony asked (though he totally was). He didn’t want to be too easy, not after all they had been through.
Tony sank back in the sand, curving himself just so that he fit in all of the spaces Steve had created between them. His head rested against Steve’s arm, and Steve closed his eyes, bracing himself for the familiar scent that washed over him just a moment later.
Oh no. God no. Tony put his head in his hands, propping his elbows on his knees. Steve had seen it. “What’s—How are you?”
Sam hugged him tight, and it drove shame right into his heart. Shame for not being able to keep up his façade of happy, normal Steve for more than five minutes. Shame for acting so strange to the friend who had helped him so much.
Friday scanned rapidly to try to identify the source of the laser point, but as his glasses went infrared the laser vanished. Tony set his jaw, more frustrated than scared.
The world became obsessed with them overnight. Tony was glad Steve had agreed to stay in the tower, as his apartment complex was overrun with paparazzi within the day (no, he did not have a security drone periodically checking on Steve’s place). The owners of the complex were presumably bribed, and Steve’s neighbor called to tell him that photographers were trying to break in at one point. To which Tony was quick to respond:
Tony honked the Ferrari, but that only set the dogs howling as they danced around the cars, looking every so often at Steve.
“Steve, no.” Tony moved to take up the doorframe. “I don’t have a girlfriend. I don’t have a boyfriend. I have…whatever you want to call us. That’s all I have.”
“Oh no. You called me a night early to come pick you up. That means something bad happened and I need to know what it is,” Tony said. “Was he smiling just now when you talked to him?”
Whenever he imagined Peter in his head, it was always that chubby-cheeked baby that squealed with delight whenever Steve voiced a stuffed animal.
Peter smiled at him from underneath the shadow of his graduation cap. Steve smiled back before dusting off the photograph and replacing it on the wall he had taken it from. A year had already passed since that day. Peter already looked older than he had at his graduation. His voice had gotten deeper too.
For a moment he thought that Peter recognized him, the way his eyes narrowed. But then he just snorted. “My father made that mistake, you know.”
came from his rifle as the silencer muzzled the noise. Then the glass burst apart and the target jerked, a ragged hole where her sternum had been just moments before.
The house was in order, finally. Steve had spent a whole week scrubbing it down and cleaning every surface, from the false granite countertops to the plastic wood dining table. It felt nice to have a clean house, though Steve hadn’t realized it had gotten so dirty. Then again, he hadn’t really been home a lot. Living in Maine provided far too much adventure and too many community events for him to be dwelling at home. Well, except for the patio.
Bucky narrowed his eyes, his breathing already almost normal again. “You worked too hard to let it all come crumblin’ down, Steve.”
It was a curious thing to see a man in so much pain still refuse help, but that was Steve. He would rather suffer than swallow his pride. It was as infuriating as much as it was familiar. Tony could certainly do the same.
*Tony calling Thor Turtle is a reference to your new favorite so-bad-it's-good surfing flick: North Shore
When he reached his floor, Steve changed into sleeping clothes (he didn’t think it was a coincidence that all of the clothes that had been provided for him fit exactly right) and crawled into bed to read through the day’s news. Though he didn’t plan on staying in this dimension for long, keeping up to date would be helpful if the Avengers ever needed his help on a mission.
When he found Maria again, she was hugging tightly to a man that made Steve immediately uneasy. He was young and handsome, with blond hair and a frame that didn’t look all that powerful, but yet Steve had the feeling he should stay away.
He wondered what other dreams Steve had. If he was in them. If Steve ever even thought about him. He wanted to ask, he wanted to go against every suggestion Bucky had made that night, just to see. Because Steve still hadn’t spoken to him, even after his texts had stopped.
With anyone else but Tony, it would have been taken as a scathing retort. But Tony just laughed and gave Jackson’s chest a pat. “I’ll take orange juice. What about you, Apples?”
No one dared to claim that it was because of their relationship. Everyone in that room knew better than to think Tony would agree with him just for the sake of their relationship.
The elevator stopped at the penthouse floor—another promising sign. Tony hadn’t denied him access. That probably meant his new lover wasn’t living here yet.
“But Papa’s stopping all of that. You’re going to grow up smart and nice and happy with Daddy.” He leaned down, pressing his lips to Peter’s temple. A little sob escaped him unbidden, and for a moment he had to just sit still, his nose in Peter’s soft hair.
Steve had been captured by the enemy many times in his life, and he didn’t think he’d ever woken up in a way that could be considered “peaceful,” but this time he was pleasantly surprised. Of course, he was still tightly secured to something that resembled a mix between a hospital bed and a dining chair, but he didn’t have a pounding headache or pain. The discomfort came from the areas he had been stung—they itched and his muscle felt prickly, like his limbs had fallen asleep. The grogginess from waking up felt natural, and Steve found he was clear-headed in a matter of moments.
One punch, and both of them would end up in the hospital. It was so feasible that Steve felt a shiver run down his spine. Already, they had come close to that. Things had been thrown, horrible insults spewed. It was only a matter of time before it all got worse.
He tore the broken piece of fence from where they had set it and threw Blaine through the hole. Blaine let out plenty of curses on the way through, but he got though.
He decided he didn’t care what Steve had done, whether or not it was right. He just wanted this, forever, and he wasn’t going to argue about the past anymore. They could have a clean slate, start over with everything put behind them.
Even thinking about their last kiss on his doorstep almost eight years ago made his nose wrinkle up in disgust.
“Long term surveillance of a high priority target, very skilled in tracking signals. We have to be low to the ground on this one.”
Charlie, Lucy, and Fluffernutter were lined up in the kitchen, wagging their tails as they waited for breakfast. Nikolai stayed at Steve’s side, stress-panting as Steve portioned out their meals in their separate bowls.
Tony looked over at Steve. He barely remembered that night, but he did recall how quickly the glass of non-alcoholic wine had made him feel very much drunk. He also remembered finding his way to Steve, Steve finding his way to him, and tumbling into the back of the car that night. The rest of his memory was foggy, but he did know what had happened. At least, he was pretty sure.
“Do I get to know now?” Steve asked, gently massaging Tony’s scalp. That always used to put him right to sleep.
Steve laughed, but it was hard not to feel sad as Tony led him toward another workspace connected to the lab. Even with all that he had learned thus far, he didn’t think he would ever know the full story of this world. It would take a lifetime to dissect what had happened here, and how it had affected Tony. Steve wasn’t even sure that Tony was really better, if he had changed from the man who had kidnapped other versions of Steve Rogers to experiment on.
Once again, Tony was having a hard time getting the image of Bucky taking care of a sick little Steve out of his head. Tony would never have that chance—Steve didn’t so much as have an off day. When he did, it was usually his fault anyway.
Steve had imagined this meeting a thousand times over the past three months. He’d played out scenarios where Tony leapt into his arms, kissed him at the door, or just grinned in that soft way he did when he was so, so happy. Of course, he’d also played through the scenarios where Tony just stared at him coldly, greeted him with a sarcastic remark, or just avoided him entirely.
Steve heard someone coming up the stairs and thought about fleeing to the bathroom, terrified of Peter finding him in such a mess. He should have waited for the damn car to leave. He should have waited. He should have—
“She’s really taken to all of the instructors here,” Mrs. Freeman continued. “And the kids. She has a great time.”
Blaine’s breath was ragged behind him and Steve slowed a little bit, but Blaine let out a warning growl when he did. Steve kept sprinting. The door came into view and Steve let out a harsh breath of relief.
He inhaled deeply when he didn’t smell smog. And when he surfaced on the sidewalk, he was surrounded by more trees and greenery than he had ever seen in Manhattan. Steve stepped to the side, marveling at what appeared to be community gardens where had once been flowerbeds. The busy sidewalks were lined with grass, and all of the cars in the street were running silently, save one or two.
“I gathered,” Tony grumbled, rubbing his eyes.  “We got any supplies or do I gotta chop your leg off and eat it to get my midnight snack?”
Last time, things had been a dream. That should have been his first cue that it was going to end in a fiery blaze. He’d spend every waking moment obsessed with Steve Rogers. Inspired by him to work harder, and convinced to work smarter with PB&J’s and the occasional distraction. He’d been so swept up in it all that he’d forgotten how dangerous it could be to give someone everything. Just how gruesome the hurt could be that even now, years after the fact, he was closer to throwing up than he was being happy when Steve was offering a real chance to start again.
Steve was shaking, but he wasn’t sure if it was from sadness, anger, or shock. “What is going on, Peter?” he asked, the emotion leaking into his voice. “Where—What brought this on?”
Steve leaned over the edge of a rooftop terrace, eyes wide and throat tight as he stared into the churning sea. There were too many people. Too much noise that he couldn’t account for or defend himself against.
“They keep pushing me to voicemail and she’s burning up.” Tony smoothed back Morgan’s hair where she lay in his lap, her breathing shallow. She only stirred to make little groans of pain and to curl up tighter.
Mary Jane smiled up at him, and Steve remembered the little girl he had seen at Peter’s first science fair, her bright smile and round freckled cheeks.
“Sir!” a voice came from the phone he hadn’t heard in two years. Steve stiffened, lowering Peter to the ground immediately.
Steve worked his jaw, mortified that Tony was talking to him like this. He wasn’t a child. He could take care of himself and always had. Tony didn’t need to help him. No, he didn’t need Tony’s help.
“Can’t count my chickens before they hatch,” Tony said, and his face went a little somber. “If you do this for me, it would mean a lot. It would go a long way in repairing what, uh, happened.”
“Trying to,” Steve replied with a chuckle. He wasn’t sure why it came out sounding like something bad.
Bucky pulled the radio up to his lips again and clicked it on to speak. “Okay, let ‘em run.” He stood, hoisting his rifle up with his left hand. “This is where it gets fun.”
“Us,” Steve breathed. “Everything. Those two things are one in the same to me—weren’t they the same for you once too? Was it ever the same for you?”
The roar of an approaching train was promising though. Steve pocketed his card and carefully stepped forward toward the platform, awaiting the train.
“I’m not going up there,” Steve told Pepper quietly as the first row of people left their seats to congratulate the couple a few moments later.
Her hat at least made her stick out among the kids, and Tony could track her by watching which direction those little faces were looking, and a few anxious little souls trying to run after her.
“When you both drank the wine, it had been laced with the potion. I suppose it manifested itself in a way similar to drunkenness at first, but the purpose is to shape your reality into your true ideal.” Thor grinned at them, his unkempt blond hair making him look like a stray Golden Retriever. “What do you remember after you left the party?”
“Did you finish your wine?” Tony asked, surprisingly coherent for how much he could feel himself spiraling. His cheeks weren’t even flushing.
Bodies had been everywhere during the war. Decaying corpses were commonplace, both enemy and friendly. During the height of the fighting, there just wasn’t time to get anyone in caskets or in the ground.
“Shut up!” Peter shouted and the noise caused Steve to start. “You sat there making Dad’s life fucking miserable every time you decided to be dramatic. You could have called Bucky or Sam or Natasha or anyone else, but it was always Dad. You and I both know that he still loves you. And judging by the way he acted sometimes, I’m betting you told him you loved him too. Oh my god, you are so
“I’m bettin’ he said somethin’ fuckin’ stupid that ain’t true,” Bucky replied. “But you gotta tell me.”
He had forgotten how war gave him clarity. How the smell of cleaning grease and lead bullets and the taste of blood on his tongue made him feel alive.
“Still works, doesn’t it?” Steve tried to joke. He grabbed the rifle and dragged himself over to the log that Blaine was using as cover. “What’s going on?”
Tony kissed him. It lingered, and Steve opened his eyes, momentarily struggling against Tony’s mouth because it hurt—it was burning—
“Well, looks like Hulk found something,” Iron Man said, flicking his live feed onto Steve’s desk. Hulk had the creature by the mouth, pulling back with all of his might. The creature sputtered, but appeared immobilized by the move, but it was still struggling to free itself where it could.
The news became harder and harder to read the later it became. Another half an hour dragged on, and by the time it had hit the two-hour mark, Steve clicked off his Starkpad and let out an impatient sigh. Even still, he didn’t ask Francine where Tony was.
He could feel Steve looking at him, and that caused him to take a nice, healthy gulp. For grape juice, it was damn good.
“Here,” Tony said, and Steve felt the press of a cold water bottle against his arm. “Just because you’re all super soldier-y doesn’t mean you don’t get dehydrated.”
He had come here with good intentions. He had come here to willingly watch the man he still loved marry somebody else. He had even come here happy about it—excited, even. This was supposed to be a day where he could see how his life had turned out and be pleased about it.
Blaine pulled off the cap of a syringe, holding it between his teeth as he checked to make sure the solution inside was free of air bubbles.
“We could meet you at the street corner,” Steve offered. “Just get in the car and go.” He ached to be home, to be wrapped in Tony’s embrace and all of the familiar surroundings he knew and loved.
Tony cut him a glare. “Doubt her security team would let you in the front gate, and there’s a mile-long driveway for you to walk with a stick up your ass.”
Tony unclasped his restraints, and Steve immediately curled up on the chair like a frightened child. Not that frightened child—goddammit. He let out a whimper, but it didn’t sound like it was even coming from him.
Here he was, ruining Tony’s wedding day when all he had meant to do was show support for what was left of his family.
He said it was because he couldn’t just fly out to Maine on a whim, but Steve knew that was completely false. Peter had a private jet at his disposal and even if he wanted to fly coach, money was no object.
He wanted to say more, to say he’d talk to him later, see him later—anything else. But he’d already broken the rules by calling.
“Steve,” Tony greeted with a smile, as though Steve hadn’t spoken to him at all. He motioned toward the other side of the booth. “Have a seat. I’ve got fried pickles and onion rings on the way.”
But the stuffed snail made Steve’s stomach drop.  It was plush, but clearly well loved. It was a kid’s toy—or had been one long ago, a least. But now it was slightly singed in some places, stained in others, and had crusted pasta sauce on parts of its body that hadn’t come out in many washes.
For a moment he wondered what had come to Tony’s mind first, but he decided not to entertain it. That kind of thing only made all of this harder. “That” being the fact that he was stuck still caring for a man who cared for him only just enough. Just enough to bring him into this false world where he could have Tony again, but only for now. Like sand through his fingers, he was going to be gone again soon.
Tony looked up from his phone for only a moment. “Great. Now you’re crying. Always making me the bad guy, aren’t you?”
“Peter,” Steve said sternly. “I would never come to your father’s wedding to hurt him in any way. Don’t you dare accuse me of that.”
If Tony had been startled, he didn’t show it. His gaze lingered on his phone for a few seconds longer, but he did finally lock the screen and pocket his phone.
Steve wandered over to a sink covered in old paint spots and ink stains. He plucked a brush from a jar, running his finger over it to check if it had been cleaned properly. He looked gorgeous in thw low light, the way he always had.
A warm hand came to his shoulder and for a second Tony wanted to shrug it off and recoil, like Steve was going to catch him having some sort of affair. But it was Jackson, so he leaned into the touch because Jackson was his husband for crying out loud.
Steve laughed, washing off the blade again. “Peter, you just talked yesterday. Why would you think he wouldn’t remember you?”
“Come on,” he said, turning and heading in the direction of the sea exhibit room, where they found Morgan showing off her lunchbox to Mrs. Freeman. A few other kids were there too, awestruck by the shiny tin.  Tony smiled, genuinely warmed to see his daughter socializing, having fun.
She smiled at him, and he found he also hated the way she looked so sincere. Natasha was very good at reading people, but she wasn’t right this time. Yes, he still had too much invested with Tony Stark, but he knew better now. He knew what happened when he tried to protect Tony from things that could hurt him, and there was no going back now.
“That’s hardly necessary,” Tony grumbled, sitting up completely. “I’m fine. Little spaced out because I just woke up and I haven’t had a drink of water in a day and a half, but I’m fine.”
Peter’s eyes were glassy and Steve couldn’t understand why. “Papa, I didn’t mean to make you so sad,” Peter stammered. “I just got mad at you for a second, that’s all.”
Tony actually looked surprised. “Cruelty? I may be an asshole sometimes, but this isn’t cruelty. I’m not saying you have to stay part of this family, but…but I do want you to.”
“Those are all fireflies?” Peter asked curiously as Steve’s front yard twinkled with little golden lights. He stared out the window like he was a child again, not a soon-to-be sophomore in college.
Peter had glassy eyes, he was upset, but he was like Tony. When he felt like he had gone too far, he compensated by making
Tony’s eyes widened or a moment. “Wait,” he said, turning on his heel and dashing back toward the lab.
He could feel Steve fight off a cringe. “Thank you,” Tony said, and he met her eye as he handed over the drawing. “For everything.”
And just like that, Tony’s chest pulled impossibly tight, constricted by his own malice. That was how it went now—he tried and tried to get Steve riled and it only ever ended with him feeling like a complete dick, rolling around in his own pit of feelings.
“She’s getting a divorce,” Tony said gravely, scratching Steve’s back through his shirt. “And she’s not much warmer when she’s happy, if that counts for anything.”
“Is that who you’re with?” Steve asked. Tony had pretty much confirmed it earlier. Steve just hadn’t been coherent for long enough to even start processing.
They entered the coffee shop ahead of the tourists because the barista recognized Steve. Locals got special service lines here.
“Can I kiss you?” Steve asked quietly, and it nearly made Tony laugh that he even asked. Honestly, he was too much of a gentleman sometimes.
Steve cracked a smile, something dark behind it. “Good.” He leaned back a little, thankful to be away from Tony’s breath. It smelled like celery about to rot.
He had been naïve when he agreed to Project Rebirth. He had wanted to fight the good fight and save the world and do whatever else it was that they plastered on those propaganda posters. Then he had gone overseas and learned what it felt like to have his teeth rattled by mortar fire, he had learned that turning German men into Krauts, Boches, and Germs made them easier to kill. He had seen rotting corpses of friend and foe, festered in the scent of decaying limbs and burning flesh and felt the tough fabric of enemy clothing as he searched bodies for ammo, weapons, food. He had looked into the eyes of men he had called his friends and saw them lusting for the kill and he had lusted with them.
“Peter wanted to see you, but he’s sleeping now,” Steve said, nostrils flaring. He was not about to start crying. “He really wanted to see you.”
Peter was engaged to Mary Jane. Long enough that there were engagement pictures, but not long enough for the media to have known about it officially. Maybe one of those phone calls had been to tell him the news. Maybe Peter had been trying to reach him to ask him how he should propose, what to say and do and where to go.
“Tony—” A fountain of crimson burst from his lips, spraying Tony’s face. Steve used every ounce of his being to lift a hand—now blackened except for where white bone stuck through at his knuckles and skin yellowed before it began to melt away.
“Mr. Stark has requested that you meet him on the 66th floor,” the same female voice announced. She didn’t sound like Friday.
He stepped out of the car and instructed the valet that he wouldn’t need keys, that he wouldn’t be able to take any joyrides, and that the car would come to him when he was ready to go. He rounded the side and opened the door for Morgan, her seatbelts slithering back on their own as she hopped into his arms.
“I will. Don’t wake me up.” She glanced between the two of them, a little smirk on her lips. “I mean it.”
“I don’t know how to explain,” Steve said with a shake of his head. “I don’t—It’s not important. What’s important is I’m back now, and I’m not gonna let stupid fights get in the way of us ever again.”
Peter smiled. “I’m glad to see you understand.” He patted Steve on the shoulder and Steve fought the urge to throw his hand off and break his arm like he was trained to do. “I’ll see to it that your superiors reward you for the safe return of my daughter. Keep up the good work.”
Tony had to miss the sex. Or at least the pride that came with being the partner of a man who looked like Steve. Where people might not have passed him a glance before the serum, he was no idiot. He was physical perfection—or as close as they could get on earth. Steve knew it. Tony had said it many times.
“Maybe it is, but maybe it isn’t,” Bucky replied, arms crossed. “Just be careful out there, okay? Don’t make me get arrested again because I gotta cross borders to save your ass.”
“He’s back,” Tony choked out, his voice hoarse. He could hear Tony’s lips sticking with tears, his voice hoarse and ragged. “Get him on a light sedative—light, please.”
Tony didn’t say anything for a moment. “I love you so much. Ping me and we’ll be gone, Cap. Lickity split.”
“You’re all cut up. Jesus, look at you.” Bucky let out a huff, gingerly prodding Steve’s arms. “Your goddamn ex hit you with his car. Both of you are dumbasses, I swear.” Bucky thwapped him on the head with his flesh hand, jarring Steve to alertness. “Look where you’re goin’, ya hear me?”
Steve leaned his head against the doorframe, looking up to Bucky’s bedroom window where a golden light shone through.
“And when I started teaching this art class to meet her, I still wasn’t convinced. She was nervous every day. But then she started saying a few words to me, and after a few weeks she was always willing to talk to me. She used your phrases, your mannerisms, and it wasn’t hard to tell all that confidence was coming from you.”
They were both absolutely filthy, sticky, and Steve knew getting in the shower would lead to a few more rounds. He didn’t care. He’d needed this day just as much as Tony had. It would probably be their last like this together.
Tony leaving would make things easier, Steve knew. He would be able to go about his life without the constant, obsessive thoughts about when he would see his ex-husband again, about if he could possibly win him back, about if he could show Tony that he was moving on. He would be able to have his life back.
Tony set her down and took her little hand, watching as all eyes turned to them. Yes, they were the most high-profile people here, but Tony wasn’t going to let Morgan suffer for that. He offered a wave at the program director and led Morgan inside.
The ceremony started, and Steve quickly tuned out. Not having sunglasses made it hard to look up at the dazzling ocean and sand anyway. Or maybe he was just using that as an excuse not to have to watch his ex husband and his fiancé stare at each other like lovers did.
It was like a conversation between two ghosts. Two people who were no longer around to defend their actions then, to defend those words. It was funny to Steve that their last messages still included the ‘I love you’s when he remembered already feeling the pull toward something less than love.  The discontent had started the moment Tony told him about the Accords, the moment he had tried to swing them as something empowering when they so obviously weren’t.
Something screamed in the air above them and suddenly he was on his back in the snow with Blaine leaning over him.
When Steve pulled away he was quiet and still, his glasses still settled neatly on the bridge of his nose.
Steve’s beard itched uncomfortably against the bottom of his helmet as he walked, but other than that he was just fine. The mission would be an easy success, as they all had been so far. Even when things got sticky, they were the guys who were hand-selected, the best of the best.
He glanced around to make sure no one had heard his profanity. He had to represent Morgan here, after all. Plenty of people were staring, but these people were used to staying silent around hot gossip.
Handlers were different. Handlers had told him the mission objective, a few loose parameters, and sent him on his way.  He had been allowed to hand select and modify each weapon to his liking, wear what he wanted, grow his hair out and only shave if he felt like it. Even the muzzle had been his choice, though he knew Steve didn’t like to know that. It hadn’t been a muzzle anyway. Just a mask.
The elevator doors opened and she rushed past him and into the atrium lobby. Soldiers milled around in their fatigues and officers strolled past trying to look important. Steve instinctively scanned for potential threats on the various glass walkways above them, but walked forward behind Maria, adjusting the beanie on his head. Blaine’s. The one that hadn’t been torn apart with his skull.
Steve swallowed and looked over. Tony looked disheveled from a sleep, but as always, he was still incredibly handsome. Steve was tempted to reach over and ruffle his dark hair. Except, not really. He just…that’s what he would do if…If he were in a relationship with Tony, then maybe he would ruffle his hair right now.
When he looked over, he met Tony’s eyes. They were the same warm brown, with the same welcoming aura he’d always been drawn to.
“For being my fake boyfriend,” Tony replied evenly, though his heartbeat was loud enough that Steve could probably hear it from where he was. That…he shouldn’t have done that. “See you when I see ya.“
That little baby. Steve couldn’t get that cheery smile out of his head, those round, chubby cheeks. A part of him felt like he’d been there that day, like somehow he was connected to the Steve that had lived here, and he had been the one standing beside Tony at that table on their son’s second birthday.
The wind kicked up, lashing Steve’s face and sending his hair whipping around above his head until he had sunk to his knees in the sand behind the cover of their shelter. The rain would start soon—probably a complete downpour, all at once.
Steve was already walking toward the door. He opened it and lifted a hand to gently ruffle Peter’s hair. “It’s okay, Peter,” he said softly. “I should have known you felt that way.”
“Were you just looking for us or did you have something to tell me?” Steve asked as he forked a healthy amount of chicken breast onto his plate.
“Hi, Pepper,” Steve replied. This was the ex-husband awkwardness he had been trying to prepare for. “How’s it going?”
The man’s palm alone could cover the target’s face. She snuggled into his chest more and then laughed. She had a missing front tooth.
“And I’m not him,” Tony replied. “I dunno about you, but I’d take a ‘sorta’ him over an empty bed without him.”
His therapist said that he was always going to find similarities between Jackson and Tony’s relationship and his and Tony’s old relationship. Tones was a completely reasonable nickname for Tony.
But when a letter arrived to his room sent in a thick, tied-shut envelope from New York, he knew Tony was gone.
“Rogers, I swear. You keep that shit bottled up and it ends up killing you,” Blaine warned in a low tone.
“Looks like Loki isn’t the only one with magical powers,” he said a bit too loudly, just so Steve could hear. Last thing he needed was a Captain America lecture.
“So, how’s life on a waterfront property, Spangles?” Tony asked as he plopped down in a chair next to Peter.
Steve frowned, but shrugged. “I guess that’s true.” He glanced down at the rifle. “Then what’s Lullaby for?”
Candice pulled out her phone and Steve noticed one of her albums was named “Peter’s Creations.” There were dozens of pictures of clay sculptures, rings, necklaces, and pottery. She tapped on a picture and held it up to him.
Steve adjusted his backpack, gripping the straps for some sort of reassurance as he walked along the familiar hallway that lead to the Avengers entrance with its own special elevator. The floor was smooth concrete, the walls a reflective metal. It could withstand bombings, alien attacks—pretty much anything the world could throw at it.
Steve nodded, his smile threatening to crack his face in two. “I’m feeling amazing. I’m sorry I was gone.”
They were on this mission to grab a few hard drives, but something had to be on them if operators were being sent out instead of soldiers. Steve didn’t really enjoy thinking about how some people thought his and Blaine’s lives were worth a chunk of metal and wiring, but worse was that they could be killed without even knowing what information was on the files.
No, each morning Tony had to swallow the pill that Steve Rogers probably didn’t love him anymore, and probably never would again. He was starting to get used to sleeping alone, to not thinking about Steve as obsessively as he had before.
Worse, he wanted to take it. The pain of betrayal was salved over with those kind eyes and the adorable way Steve struggled so much when he should be the most confident person on the team when it came to a date. Tony had always admired that humility in him. And laughed whenever Mr. Optimism crumbled at the very suggestion of a candlelit dinner.
“Didn’t you want to know why your husband didn’t want to be with you anymore? You never asked me. Didn’t you want to know?”
By the time he met Rhodey on the track and started jogging, the engagement party was in full swing. He watched Steve dance, listened to the whispers about guests, the inside jokes the three of them shared now. The things Tony would know whenever Steve decided to come back. No gap to bridge, no relationship to rebuild.
Steve stepped up to Rhodey, who was furiously scribbling into the guest book to get everyone’s names.
“You know what it means,” Tony muttered.  He grabbed his coffees and handed them over to Steve. “Let’s go.”
The sounds of gunshots made Steve’s stomach drop. Terror filled his bloodstream, but so did excitement. They were going out there to fight. To kill. His fingers twitched as he pulled his shield from his back and the rifle that had been mounted underneath it.
Blaine chewed his chicken breast and swallowed. “Two nights ago.” He nodded once. “You talked about having a son.”
Tony shook his head. “Nah. Then you’ll say something that’ll keep me on the right track. I don’t need that anymore. I gotta make my bad decisions.”
“Are you trying to convince me or convince yourself right now?” Rhodey said, cocking a brow. “Sometimes it’s hard for me to tell.”
Steve looked away, clearing his throat. “I, um. Before I agree to anything, I wanted to see if you’d…”
Tony shrugged. Gwen Stacy had been making eyes at Peter lately, or at least that was what he’d seen when they both “accidentally” bumped into each other at the Oscorp announcement dinner last month. It surprise him if Peter had been tempted to stray. Steve loved Mary Jane, which was probably why Tony was leaning toward Peter finding someone else. Only internally, of course. He’d never say anything like that.
A few miles away, amidst the clutter of a desk littered with shredded pieces of black thread and crusted, bloody gauze, a message notification lit Steve's tablet screen.
Cum soaked the sheets beneath him, but Tony was far too high to care as he moved his head between Steve’s legs and started sucking his cock dry (despite his complaints about his jaw hurting earlier). Steve was too drunk with bliss to notice that he started fucking into Tony’s mouth, but he did notice that Tony was eager to take him.
Steve watched the men’s breath ghost in front of them as they talked, the flash of a smile from the blond man as he gestured about something in his story. Nobody in his family would know what his last moments alive had been like, or that they had taken place in a forest with a dog and a man with an ugly scar.
But Peter. Peter was looking at him pleadingly, sticking close to Tony but not in a way that was ganging up on him. Peter genuinely just wanted to help.
There was water below them, flying by as the OWL skirted above a large lake. Blaine held up a hand. Steve took a breath, accompanied with the
Lunch wasn’t as telling as dinner, but the fact that it was just going to be the both of then made Steve nervous. That party hadn’t magically changed things between them. Steve couldn’t think of one reason why Tony would want to meet him for lunch. They were simply coworkers now—and the fact that they could even run missions together was something of a miracle.
Emory shot the other man with the same pinpoint accuracy just as the dog latched onto the man’s gun arm.
It wasn’t long before he felt something wet against his shirt, but Steve didn’t say anything. He just curled an arm around Tony’s back, thumbing between his shoulder blades. Saving Tony from one night of loneliness was worth it for Steve—like maybe it would make up for the way he’d been treating his Tony back home.
The Atlantic shimmered outside the window, through a screen of lush leaves from the oak tree in the back yard. A calming view, the only better one being that of the master bedroom.
Sometimes Tony wondered if Steve was actually bisexual, since Steve still acted like a teenager in front of women he didn’t know and perfectly normal around men he knew. Tony hadn’t once seen him give a man a once-over. Then again, he hadn’t seen him do that with women either.
“It’s not yours,” Tony assured him. He looked pained. “I don’t mean to sound like a supervillain here—and I’m aware I look the part with you right now—but I didn’t want it to happen this way. I was…it was going to be different.”
Steve snapped to attention, thinking perhaps he had been called out. All of a sudden, people were staring at him. Tony was staring at him. Jackson was uncomfortably looking away.
Ben smiled, and for whatever reason, Steve found himself smiling back. He hadn’t smiled in a really long time.
“Of course. I wasn’t going to miss something this important for your dad.” His voice was shaking a little, humiliation still burning in his palms from Tony’s insult.
“I like to appreciate my birthday presents,” Steve returned with a false smile. “Do you think it’ll be done by my next birthday, or will I have to wait some more?”
“Well,” Iron Man said after a moment. “Sometimes that’s not enough. He obviously doesn’t care about you, and you can’t keep putting yourself through that.”
Steve rolled onto his side to face Tony, carefully reaching out to smooth a hand over Tony’s shoulder. Tony flinched, but relaxed almost immediately.
“A little girl,” Tony said, looking very much afraid now. “Her name is Morgan. She’s…she’s little. A toddler. Little kid. Doesn’t talk yet—we’re working on that—but she’s my kid now. And before you say anything, this wasn’t a split second decision. I started the process before we got together but they weren’t going to let me adopt. My public image was too fucked, I guess. And with whatever happened at that party that I still don’t remember, Winona said you were my only shot. Winona’s not my friend—she was my lawyer was handling legal for getting Morgan. She’s not—nothing like what you’re thinking.”
Steve decided on a bronze sculpture of a falcon made by a local artist. There was no way that Tony and Jackson would have one already, and art was always nice. Besides, he knew Tony would probably melt it down and turn it into a toilet wand the first chance he got.
As neat as it was to see such helpful technology (honestly, Steve was beyond impressed by it all), he didn’t trust it. The Reality Stone was out there, and that meant that anything here could be an illusion, something to lull him into a false sense of security while the real world around him was destroyed.
Steve leaned over, his arm unsheathing from the wrap of his blanket. His fingers found Tony’s cheek, gently ghosting over the warm skin there. Tony would be burnt in the morning, his skin was hot to the touch. Tony with reddened cheeks would be a funny sight, certainly.
And Tony had been. Steve had slept in his bed many nights during the messy divorce proceedings. He hated himself for those nights now, but at the time he knew he’d needed them. It wasn’t like they had sex, Steve just needed Tony to be there. His biggest fear was that he would lose Tony forever, and Tony made sure that wasn’t the case.
“Mr. Stark is in the elevator, Captain,” Friday announced, and Steve couldn’t help hearing a little coldness in her tone.
Jackson said he would never do any of those things around Steve because though he couldn’t understand completely, he wanted to try, and if Steve didn’t want those things going on, he wouldn’t do it.
He’d quit the Avengers eight months ago to take Tony to a ritzy rehab facility in Aspen, Colorado. It might’ve worked if Tony hadn’t somehow worked out how to get charters back to New York every couple of days. When Steve asked him what he could possibly need in New York when everything they needed was here, Tony couldn’t answer.
Steve had never thought of himself as a dog person, but now he couldn’t imagine life without his four pets. They gave his life routine and purpose—they needed him to survive. And since the town was so dog-friendly, the only places they couldn’t go were the restaurants. It was like having four kids. Kind of. They gave him something to focus on when exercise and painting weren’t enough.
“Shut the fuck up, Tony,” Steve hissed, relishing in the feeling of his skin burning beneath his eyes, signaling the absence of wetness there.
Steve allowed himself to be relieved about that. He was glad that Tony was okay, even if he knew he shouldn’t be.
Work was always a bit of a different story. It had always been that way. They had never wanted their relationship to get in the way of tactical decisions. But even Tony’s disagreements there had become softer.
Steve tried to scream, but his chest buckled and his throat filled with molten copper. His ears rang as he tried to process, his eyes widening. Peter. Peter was there.
Everyone lifted their glasses and toasted the couple with words of congratulations. Steve couldn’t find the will to speak and the only people he toasted were Tony and Candice.
It wasn’t long before people were gathering by the chairs and the whispering started. Steve had a habit for eavesdropping—it came along with his superb hearing.
Tony swallowed his fries and jumped in with a question just after Steve took a hunk out of his cheeseburger.
“Penne, but close.” Steve shot him an easy smile. He looked like he was happy not to have to greet him at the door. “Can I help you with something?”
But their unit did not ask questions, like Blaine had said. They killed because someone else deemed it necessary.
Tears leaked from his eyes against his will.  “I’m so happy for you and Mary Jane. You…I’m just so happy that you’re both happy.”
It took Cueball a moment to respond, allowing the sounds of shouting men to reach them and echo through the hall. Steve’s heart rate skyrocketed, but it was a welcome feeling. He loved when a sense of danger clawed at his skin.
Tony let out a snort. “I don’t remember you having power of attorney over his personal life.” He ran a hand over the side of his car, only slightly relieved to find no dents. He turned, eyes set in a glare. “So get lost.”
When he got into the bathroom, he was relieved to find it empty. He turned on the sink and began to splash his face with water, trying to clean himself of how terrible that had gone. A knot had formed in the small of his back and below his left shoulder, tightening with anxiety and growing fear as Blaine’s drug started wearing off. Soon he would be looking for people hiding in the bathroom stalls with weapons and taking note of—
“Because you look like you just woke up. I don’t think I’ve ever seen that look on you.” He cleared his throat. “Y’know, because you never—“
revolve around you. Whether Peter truly wants you there or not doesn’t matter. You go to your kid’s wedding.”
Maybe that wouldn’t have been so bad as the fact that Peter had acted like that was common knowledge. Like he had already told him when it had happened, as he had probably told Tony.
He put on a cocky grin, taking Steve’s hand to lead him toward the master. Steve hesitated a moment, clearly not buying it, but he didn’t say anything as he followed Tony through the living room.
Tony stood there with a sour expression, his eyes bloodshot. If Steve didn’t know better, he would have said it was a hangover.
An impossibly tiny camera flickered to life, able to capture every line of Steve’s features down to the pores of his skin when he leaned in close. The other nanobots were already aligned to provide perfect audio to their origin, and a thousand others were at the ready to replace any that fell from their host.
“No.” Steve shook his head. “You have to promise to be decent to me. I’m not going to let you verbally abuse me behind-the-scenes.”
“It’s your choice,” the pastor said. “Extending grace when you’re put in the position to do so. Maybe it doesn’t seem fair—it isn’t fair! Grace isn’t fair. There are no ‘grace points’ you can cash in when you need them. If God only accepted ‘good people’ who had enough Goodness Points, sorry, but no one is getting in.”
He saw a tiger in the bumps and grooves of the stucco wall in front of him from where he rested his head on his pillow. Peter hated him. Not the kind of adolescent hatred that happened to some kids, but truly and wholeheartedly hated him. Children were supposed to always love their parents. When they knew nothing else, they knew a parent’s love.
Of all of the things Steve Rogers ought to be prepared for, being thrown around in time still caught him off guard.
“Thanks for telling me about the calls,” Steve said. He wasn’t going to call back. If it was important, someone would have left a message. Tony had probably just done something stupid or was blaming him for not talking to Peter, as though that were his fault.
“Yes, thank you,” Franklin said from beside the car. Maria was still hugging Mary Jane, who was still sobbing.
“So why won’t you tell me what it is, then?” Steve asked, trying not to get suspicious or annoyed. It was a difficult balance with Tony.
His phone buzzed somewhere on the floor, and he could hear the ping of a text coming from his kitchen in a tone he didn’t use, but he knew it was Tony’s.
Tony pulled off, then ran his tongue over the mark in a way that made him shiver. “Want me to what, Steve?”
Steve smiled wide. “Really? That’s great. I love painting, sketching—all of it. I just don’t really make time for it in my schedule, though I know I should.”
“I know,” he finally replied, not looking Rhodey in the eye. “I’m not gonna go after him or anything. It’s not really worth it. Last thing I need is an ex running my company and an ex on my team.”
He thought about one of the massive fights he and Steve had gotten into after Steve had handed over those damned papers.
Marriage was always suppose to be fixable. Because love fixed everything. Love was some magic potion that made all other problems away.
Steve looked at him for a few more moments, worrying his bottom lip. He looked like he was about to say something—he had that panicked little look in his eyes—but then he just nodded once. “Yeah, soup.”
An hour ticked by, with Steve watching the holographic clock inside the mirror over his dresser. Tony still hadn’t called or sent any messages through Francine. Francine herself had been silent.
“Gotta keep your head up to shoot, Rogers,” Blaine murmured, nudging him with his elbow before returning fire.
He briefly wondered if Emory was going to be like him. Never aging, doomed to live in a world that would change all around him, too fast to adapt to. Every new person in his life would only have a hundred years or less before they were in the ground.
“I said the relationship needs to last a year,” Winona corrected. “I said you’d have a few months before we had a decision. It’s been a few months.”
“It’s good for her, though,” Steve assured him in that gentle tone he always used when he was worried about Tony getting upset.
“Well, if it helps the most, shouldn’t I do that?” Tony asked, already shifting to rest Morgan on the couch. “Friday, please get this phone off my face.”
Sometimes Steve wished it had, just so he would have an excuse. It was such a selfish thing, because he wanted Tony to feel sorry for him, protective of him. Steve was pretty sure if he were a weaker man that he would let himself break down sometime just to see what Tony would do to help. but he wasn’t weak. Never had been; not before the serum or since.
Bucky shook his head. “Might be easy to access, but it’s fortified. As long as you aren’t in exterior rooms, you should be fine.”
“This one’s going in the lab,” he announced, looking over the picture again. He owned a museum’s worth of art, and none of it touched the piece of construction paper in his hands. A year ago he wasn’t even sure he’d be able to adopt at all, let alone find the perfect daughter. So many things had been uncertain. And Steve had been the key to finding what he wanted most. Steve, who had rested a comforting hand on his back and started to rub gently.
Tony knew he only doted on Peter because he loved him so much. Even Steve knew it was because he needed a connection, he craved a relationship with his baby that would be equal to Tony’s.
There was no comm in his ear telling him what to do, no weight of his Kevlar and equipment slowing him down. He was weightless, like a goddamn fairy, waiting for a wind to blow him right off the roof into the Aegean.
Steve looked around the crowd of men. The new ones stared at him, dumbfounded, the older ones looked at him with every emotion from nonchalance to simmering disdain.
and look at that, a happy ending. thanks for reading! had a lot of fun on this one. new stony fic coming in the near future. :)
Candice cleared her throat. “Oh! Peter, show us the ring you made.” She turned, looking past Steve to Tony. Like Steve wasn’t even there. “He’s made this beautiful ring, Tony. Just beautiful.”
The newsreels depicted him as stoic and reserved, waiting with patience to wreak destruction on Omaha Beach.
“Mm, Tony,” Steve mumbled, lifting his hips again as Tony’s sucking started him into overstimulation. “That’s enough, babe.”
Three months was a long time. Tony easily could have moved on, found someone else. Their façade had probably gotten old, and maybe Tony had realized that he didn’t care at all about the man who had hidden the truth about his parents’ deaths.
“Just like both of us do things for Peter,” Tony added, his eyes knowing. “We just want to make sure you’re okay.”
Tony was worried about him, Steve knew. Worried about how he had to be the one taking care of Peter at all times, only reluctantly allowing Tony to do it when he was just too tired or too busy. Steve constantly had Peter in his arms, to the point that even he knew it was a bit ridiculous. But he couldn’t let go. Peter only had so many days left as their new little baby.
Bucky rolled his eyes as he fished the radio from his belt. “I didn’t pick the damn name.” He pressed the radio button. “Copy that. Cap and I are going blind. Ten minutes, over.”
Sam nodded slowly. “Yeah, I’ll bet.” He took a tentative step forward. “Hey man, it’s all good. Just give a man a hug.”
Someone had mentioned to him a few days ago that kids could be nurtured to a certain point, then they developed on their own. Parents could act like bumpers in a bowling alley, but ultimately the ball was going to make it to the pins sometime, and it wasn’t always going to be a strike.
But those were just the bullet points. Tony let Friday brief him every few hours, and other than that he was purposely out of the loop. He would never admit that it was kind of fun to be in the spotlight for something positive again.
Steve chuckled, but Tony recognized fear in his eyes. He knew that feeling. Returning to a cold, empty bed after it had been a place of terror just hours before. He gave Steve’s hand a gentle squeeze as they came around to the start of the track.
Steve looked down at his hands. His phone sat beside him, turned off. He was sure when he turned it on again that there would be several texts from Tony there, continuing to try to plan their first outing as a reunited couple. They’d narrowed it down to either a charity event or an Avengers mission press conference.
“That’s like a whole foot!” Peter exclaimed, kicking his feet. He hit Steve’s calf a few times, and he was thankful he’d finished shaving before the company.
He tried to reach for his knife or a gun or something, but he couldn’t. The other soldiers were on the way. He just needed to be dead before they got him. He didn’t even want to risk failing the torture and interrogations and fessing up intel. Coward that he was, he would break at some point. And if they ever figured out his true identity, Tony and Peter would be at risk.
“The UN has even commented on the positive implications, and I have fifty seven calls from various diplomatic leaders with well wishes, congratulations, and various charities requesting your first public appearance as a couple.”
“You brought me home, must count for something,” Steve teased, and for once he seemed oblivious to Tony’s unease.
“Dad! I just got off the phone with NBC—they want to do a story on me! An hour-long segment!” Peter blurted out.
“Where’d you get that, a frat party?” Tony scowled, and scowled harder when Rhodey poured more than a shot’s worth in his glass.
He looked both ways before crossing the street, then headed down the stairs into the station. In the depths he heard a train rattling by, and the familiar heat and humidity rose to greet him as he descended.
Steve tightened his grip until she met his eyes. Then he leaned close enough to see the wavelengths in her irises. “You just risked the lives of my team members, hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars on equipment, and my life.” He gave her head a little shake. “I know you and whatever shitty media outlet you work for doesn’t like us and our job, but I hope you remember what we just risked to save you from your own fucking stupidity.”
The subfloor at his feet was covered in a thick layer of dust, and only part of the room had the dark mahogany they had discussed. As usual, Tony had lost track of time, gotten distracted, let another project go unfinished. A ridiculous project at that. Steve could see much better uses for this kind of money than building a twentieth century ballroom and bar. They didn’t have enough friends to fill this kind of space, and half of them wouldn’t be interested in yet another party full of booze and too-small appetizers.
Steve wrinkled his nose and attempted to make a noise of disgust, but didn’t have the energy. He was shaking so hard he could barely concentrate on his own breathing. His body no longer felt like his own—and he recalled Clint talking about being unmade. He understood now. He also understood how Bucky had felt, torturously stuck in someone else’s body that wore his face.
“So Steve was the ‘dad’ dad, yet you said that you aren’t very close to him anymore. Can I ask how that came to be?”
“If you think about it, a lot of the things we used to ask each other are ridiculous to me,” Tony said with a little snort. “People are weird when they’re in love. Half the stuff we did together seems so silly to me now.”
“Steve, you don’t have to justify anything to me,” Iron Man said. “He’s treated you like shit. He should at least be able to respond to a text.”
Steve drew up his line, his crosshairs glued to the center of her chest. She couldn’t see him, and he didn’t have his finger on the trigger.
Instead, Steve padded into his bathroom to start his nightly routine. He brushed his teeth (though he never got cavities) and flossed (equally unnecessary) before washing his face and patting it dry with a hand towel.
And Tony has saved a core of it. When Steve had asked him why, he had just given him a sweet kiss and told him it was “for the future.”
“Really? I just asked you if you wanted some. Manners, Stark.” But Rhodey stood and headed over to get some juice. Tony just shrugged. “So, tell me what’s up.”
Peter really must have found his soul mate. He really must have found the person on this earth made for him, just as Peter was made for her. Peter had never dated anyone else, as far as Steve knew. They had already been together longer than his and Tony’s entire relationship.
Steve grabbed the hand, keeping his mouth shut as the aftershock of blood rain sprayed over the boat.
“Natasha doesn’t know anything about people unless she’s trying to manipulate them. I know people.” Tony turned up his nose a little before sipping some more coffee.
Steve brushed his hands on his pants even though they weren’t wet, and cleared his throat. His backpack was still snug at his shoulders, but he didn’t trust anything else. Something was definitely wrong. People sat on benches (he’d never seen any benches in the subway stations that weren’t peeling) and—
“Right.” Blaine filled his potato crater with gravy. The soldier beside Steve stared longingly, but only scooped himself one measly splat of potatoes.
Steve shouldered Tony away. The last thing he wanted right now was sex. “I missed you too, but I don’t want to have sex tonight. I want to catch up with you.”
Over Steve’s shoulder he saw Morgan watching him, and her face brightened to a bubbly smile from where she rested on Thor’s hip. She waved with all her might and blew him a kiss the way he’d taught her to do for the camera (and he had about nine thousand photos to prove it). He blew her a kiss in return.
Steve shot Bucky a sidelong glare at the nickname. “Yeah, maybe I’m a little upset,” he snapped. “Doesn’t mean I need the three of you feeling sorry for me on top of everything.”
“Oh, great,” Steve snorted. “Just leave me to see all the evidence alone, come to the conclusion myself because you don’t have the decency to tell me to my face.”
