Using what little momentum he had, he turned, and reached for the handle just out of grasp. He held on, tightly. He was running out of air and breathing erratically. He needed to open this hatch, he needed to get inside, but it was stuck. Of course, it was stuck. He had made it this far; he wasn’t giving up. Kamala was counting on him.
“Well, they weren’t always women,” he said.
Well, none of that was possible. The woman he thought he was going to marry married his best friend. They bought a house together. They raised children and were now helping to raise grandchildren. Steve wanted to hate him for living out his dream, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t hate Gail and he couldn’t hate Bucky.
“I’m so confused,” said Steve.
“I’m still in my twenties,” she said.
I knew he was too good to be true. His presence illuminated everything in my life, and I wanted to keep the light on for as long as I could, but I knew I was playing with fire. And, of all people, I should’ve known those who played with fire, burned.
He pulled away and I could feel the air seeping into the pores of my skin where, just moments ago, he had been. I was left dizzy: my blood elsewhere. My heart beat rapidly, erratically. I was left panting and I was glad to note, so was he.
They stood in companionable silence for some time. Tony finished the rest of his drink and set down his glass. He hoped he wouldn’t forget it when he went back into the house but would pick it up tomorrow if he forgot. He was watching the waves crash upon the shore and the clouds move across the sky. She was watching him and watching the other partygoers still inside.  After some more time she cleared her throat.
He kept his voice calm and even. Tony was a little on edge, or rather, more so than usual. Though, that was easily explained by Greg’s unwanted presence. Steve was glad he missed him. Greg’s unannounced and unwelcome visits always left Tony in a sour mood. No one could blame him. Greg was a piece of work.
His breath caught, and I feared I had said too much. I feared I had ruined what we had.
He had to confess to her. It wasn’t fair.
“Tony,” said Steve, softly. “What is all this stuff? Where am I?”
“That he was dying? Yeah, he told me,” said Steve.
Everyone had encouraged him. They’d told him it was a good thing. He was interested and clearly, she was too. There was nothing to fear. For so long, he had been alone. And now, he didn’t have to be.
I turned away and started to stand. Before I had found my footing, he was at my side, faster than lightning.
Years later, I watched Stephanos, who still bore the scars from the night, enter the Coliseum to thunderous applause. He had a shield in hand, and he used it as an extension of his arm, and I fell in love all over again.
Maria meant 'of the sea.'
thought better of it. And after rummaging through his fridge, he settled on carbonara. He had all the ingredients he would need on hand.
I teased, but I knew the answer. I just wanted to hear him say it. I just wanted to see that crinkle in his eye. I just wanted his lips to form the words so I could treasure them.
I told him everything I had ever known about her and he listened, patiently.
"I like Stephanos," I said.
“The hook-ups,” said Tony.
It was really Steve; he was here. He needed to know, now more than ever.
Tony was still lying where he fell. Steve knelt beside him, turning his face to inspect. He was drunk, that much was clear. He couldn’t leave. Tony had called for him specifically, and there was no one here.
In hindsight, I could’ve fired her for overstepping her bounds. In the end, it wouldn’t have accomplished anything. She would’ve stormed in with that shrink I’m beginning to hate. He ambushed me anyway. Told me I needed to take some time off. I needed to decompress.
Dropping back on the couch, he covered his face with his hands.
“Tony, what’s wrong?”
Steve looked around. Clint was chatting with Fury.
I would follow him into battle.
Tony was sitting on his sofa drinking yet another fifth of vodka. He confessed to drinking because it made it easier to talk to regular people. Part of it was his upbringing. He described what it was like to grow up in the Stark household. Alcohol lowered inhibitions and that made it easier for Tony to relate to others. His mind was always racing but when he drank, he could slow down a little, just enough that the other cars on the road had a chance of passing him. It made it easier to strike up conversations, develop friendships, and of course, hook up with women.
I paused for a moment thinking of where we had left off, of the question he had asked. When I remember, I began to tell the tale.
He tried to meet her expectations. He tried to be the person she wanted him to be.
“I loaded up some music to give you a little boost,” she said.
“Jan, I have to let you go. I’m getting a call,” he said before disconnecting and answering the other call.
He ran up to Steve and wrapped his arms around his neck. He smiled brightly when Tony pressed kisses to his cheek.
He trailed off, but Tony knew the question and was ready for an answer.
He looked into my eyes, but I was trying to hide my tears, so I turned away as the tears fell. I didn’t want him to see me like this. But he turned my face and held my gaze, he wiped the tears away.
Before his arrival, I had never known happiness. My father was as distant. Existing in the same space didn’t necessitate closeness. My father was always near, but it didn’t matter. He was unreachable.
It was then he met Sunset.
I was swimming with the current, and he swam behind him, quick to catch-up. We stood; the river being quite shallow, made it easy to stand. Turning to face him, I watched as he licked his lips. The water droplets fell from his hair onto his bare shoulders.
Somedays, I would wish we were back on that beach.
However, Stephanos cared for me from the moment we met. Kindness soon developed into a genuine friendship. And from then on, we were inseparable.
“Two.”
I held my hand above my heart.
They were running out of time.
“I’m dying, Steve.”
In a panic, he thought of what his mother would do in this situation. He was having a guest come over for dinner. This called for a home-cooked meal.
He was leaning against the banister, enjoying the view offered by the parting clouds. Tony looked off into the distance. Before long, someone had joined him on the balcony.
Steve was left to wonder these questions. Tony never spoke of his childhood, and rarely mentioned Greg. Steve didn’t want to pry, but his curiosity would get the better of him eventually.
Steve put his hands on his knees. Tony waited, he needed to know Steve was okay. Then, Steve rubbed his eyes and nodded.
His thoughts scattered, much like the clouds above the water.
“You don’t have to do that, I can do it myself,” I said.
“You take care,” he said to Bucky, who nodded.
I feel such despair. We’re on a high-speed cruise ship and there’s an iceberg up ahead. We’re going to crash, I just know. I just know it. And when we do, there won’t be room for me on the raft.
“I’m going to miss you. When you’re… When you’re gone,” she said, softly.
I see you out of the corner of my eye. All the time. The first time… The first time I thought you were trying to kill me. It would be within your right. You should’ve beat me to a pulp when I asked. I
“I’ll… I’ll give you a few minutes. I need to freshen up,” she said, before handing him the letter.
And so, I said, “When… when I’m happy. When I sing, I feel her presence. When I walk along the beach and the waves dance along my feet, I feel her here.”
I couldn't keep the surprise out of my voice. Stephanos couldn't read but if he could, I would've been the book he read the most.
“Not funny,” Steve said with a frown.
“Why?”
“I’d help you,” Tony said. “If you asked.”
“Alright. Been way more fun since Coulson finally let them ask questions. His kids are amusing, but kinda crazy. Which reminds me – how are my kids?”
“What favor?”
“Peter and Harley are friends now,” Steve informed him.
The screen blinked and informed him of a voice message. “Play it back?”, the phone suggested with clear mockery despite the lack of an intellect driving it.
“Five days ago,” Nebula answered. “He closed the wound.”
“But you aren’t alone anymore, Tony,” Fury said, suddenly soft. “Are you truly prepared to risk it?”
“What I need are the sniper and the names.” Steve got up sharply, and felt dizzy for the first time since the serum.
“It doesn’t seem like it.” Fury rolled his eye up to the ceiling. “Hill will contact you in a couple of hours, there’s a mission which might need your involvement. Potentially deadly, you’ll like it.”
“That’s exactly what’s happening, buddy,” Tony nodded, pointing him in the correct direction. “Run along now.”
Tony closed his eyes.
Tony crossed his arms instinctively, leaning back in the chair.
“Did something happen?”
Coulson’s facial expression ceased being something that could be described in words.
“There are a few other wonderful paragraphs about threats to civilian lives and taking the enemy’s side. In other words, they’ll frame you, sentence you, and send you to prison. Which I’m not sure you’d even survive, by the way.”
Coulson shrugged his shoulders and evidently decided that it was none of his business. A smart, smart man. Tony was still a little shaken after Steve’s message, and he would probably tear apart anyone who stood between him and coffee.
“A carousel of lies,” he said. “How’s the land of the dead, Phil?”
But the pause drew longer, and Tony was almost prepared to fake another fainting fit if he couldn’t think of anything to say in the nearest second, when Steve finally got up, approached the bed and carefully laid Morgan down next to him, resting her head with a mop of messy hair by Tony’s elbow.
“Leave your message after the signal,” an impartial woman suggested after a dozen long dial tones.
“Hey,” Tony greeted hoarsely. “I was thinking: a cottage by the lake, BBQ on the weekends, fresh air and all. We can watch the sunset in the evenings, read books by the chimney. A vacation. Retirement? Yeah, probably retirement. We deserve it, right?”
“Yes,” Tony agreed. “Your dad shouldn’t have turned his right side to the enemy like that. But he’s a supersoldier, so it’s not like anything will happen to him, yeah?”
“Oh,” Bruce exhaled in relief.
“Add something about his beard, and you’ll be at a hundred. Talk to you later.”
“To-ny,” Morgan repeated with a satisfied grin.
“I think you should put her to bed,” Natasha said.
“A strange question. I’m sure agent Simmons runs to you with reports the moment I’m out of her door,” Tony snorted.
“Yeah it did,” Peter assured with a laugh. “And I’m happy you’re alive, sir. I mean, I was really mad at first, but then I thought you must have had a good reason for this.”
“No need,” Nebula interrupted. “Rocket’s at your Compound, he’ll warn your allies.”
“Anyone ever tell you you’re a darling?” Tony muttered, trying to breathe steadily and not move. Covering up his wound with nanoparticles was a wonderful idea (if only because otherwise he’d be long dead from blood loss), but they weren’t made for treating injuries, and it’s been more than five days. So right now Tony felt about as good as he did in the wonderful days of palladium poisoning.
“It would have,” Steve said. “I wouldn’t have been able to leave. I’d follow you around the house for two years with a bracelet around my ankle,” he smiled wryly. “It would be amusing.”
“What happened?” Steve said.
Morgan.
“Again,” Steve confirmed, coming closer and sitting down on a chair. Tony had a red-and-gold repulsor gauntlet in place of his right hand now. Steve wrapped his fingers around it and bowed down, pressed his lips to the cool surface, barely suppressing a ragged sob. “I love you. You’re an idiot.”
But right now, when half the planet was gone in a single snap and the other half was trying to figure out for the third day in a row how to live on without it, he didn’t have much to do besides thinking. At least the streets were busy. The “decimation,” as the remaining journalists have christened it, lead to so many accidents and catastrophes that there was more than enough work for them all. And being around other people made it a little better.
“Hello, Peter.”
“You’ve got a point,” Natasha agreed.
“Clever girl,” Tony sighed. “You’ve been here a while?”
“And that’s news to you? She counted the floors with him, but he’s not the kind of guy who holds grudges, so…”
“Let’s try a compromise, shall we?” he suggested. “You eat a couple of spoonfuls, and then we can watch cartoons. Come on, look, it’s an airplane, open your mouth wide...”
Now wasn’t the time to think about that.
“Yeah, yeah. By the way,” Helen grinned lightly, “please try not to knock anyone over when you run upstairs. We need doctors, not patients.”
Obviously, no one answered.
“I’ll find Vision.”
“She’s growing,” Tony shrugged. “Isn’t really talkative yet, but Simmons claims that she’s feeling well.”
“Great.” Rhodey sighed heavily. “Okay, I’ll do that. How’s my future goddaughter?”
Steve hid the phone.
“Is it big?” Tony frowned.
The wall in front of them lit up with amber sparks. It was as if the air compressed and then parted, clearing the way for a man in a red cloak, a blue tunic, and with a heavy metallic pendant around his neck.
“Oh, fuck,” the boy exhaled in shock.
“Boss?” the AI greeted happily.
“Hilarious,” Tony rolled his eyes, then deciding that they’ve both had enough of this for today. “But it happened the way it happened, and I... want to fix everything too. I think.”
“Why?”
“The world needs Captain America, not Steve Rogers,” Steve nodded, and almost laughed. For the first time in the past days. More than that – for the first time in the past three months.
Steve had to suppress the urge not to laugh. He dragged his fingers across his face and continued:
“Whatever you say, Mr Stark,” Coulson agreed, and Tony felt his palms itch.
“Consider it done, boss.”
“You were the one who knew him for three months. For Peter it was far longer. He told me, actually… you remember that time when the Russian started a mad chase around the Expo?”
“What?”
That Tony was utterly alone in a wooden crate, and that Steve was sitting in an armchair in a motel on the outskirts of Dublin, and his heart was still beating.
“What do you want to know?”
“So, thirty?”
Where was Tony? Tony would have something to say. Something cynical maybe, or he’d try to cheer him up earnestly. Either way, it would be better than listening to his train of thought.
I should’ve known I would never find anyone as beautiful as him.
in a serif typeface. He smiled. The would be in good hands.
Only one way to find out.
He was so beautiful. I must’ve known. I must’ve always known.
Tony turned, watching the waves break just before reaching the shore. It was the only way to distinguish sea from sky.
No, no.
Tony was confused and made his confusion known. What did it matter?
Steve felt miserable lying, but he felt even worse watching his best friend slowly deteriorate. For Bucky, the war was decades ago. For Steve, it was an empty void. Reminiscing ushered in other feelings, and neither one of them wanted to dwell on those.
He wasn’t going to be confined to a box, for as beautiful as it may be.
He kissed me with such ferocity, but I returned the fervor. This had never occurred before, but it couldn’t have been anything but the Fates.
Pepper had curated his art collection, and for as long as she was happy to do so, he continued collecting. Ultimately, it was her collection, not his, and he would be leaving it to her once he left. There was a note in the top drawer on which he had scrawled her name. In it, was a handwritten letter informing her of his decision, and the necessary paperwork he had signed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, not that. That I figured. Did he tell you… The other thing?”
Steve watched Tony from afar.
The artificial gravity generators were failing, which was the last thing they needed. They were already racing against the clock, with the robots gaining on them.
Steve often wondered what they had been like as boys. If Greg had always been so callous and calculating, and if he was as cruel then as he is now.
Steve pulled him closer and caressed his cheek.
They all praised her for her work. She was a brilliant engineer. She created remarkable things. When questioned on her creative process, she was tight-lipped. The ideas she brought to fruition were much too like ones Tony had shared with her, but he didn’t think her capable of such treachery. He didn’t think she’d steal his ideas and use them to make a name for herself.
He shuddered to think how Steve would react to this news. This would cut deep. This, this was one of his biggest fears. Steve had never wanted to be a weapon and had never consented.
“Couldn’t do her justice,” said Steve, looking at him now, wearing an expression Tony couldn’t read.
And then, he did.
, she was away visiting her dying mother. My father had granted her request to return home upon hearing the news. My mother was beside herself, or so I'm told – I was too young to know any better.
“Thank you,” he said, sincerely.
Tony smiled. He was still looking to the ocean, but she had turned her back, and was facing him.
“Oh God, I said that aloud. Ignore that Steve… I don’t know what’s going on with me. I — I fell, landed on something. But when I was falling, I felt — I felt something wash over me. Why am I still talking? Why can’t I shut up? You don’t want to hear this. You don’t want to hear me ramble,” said Tony.
“I was worried. I didn’t see you in the house, but then I spotted you out here. Don’t worry, no one else took note. I just —”
It was then he noticed. There was a man. There was a man strapped in the gyrosphere. Tony squinted, trying to see who it was, tying to see if he recognized him.
Shortly after that, my tutor was sent to another family. They had a young girl named Maia and she needed a tutor.
There was no precedent for this.
Happy birthday, ScarletWitch616! This is for you, and those of you who have waited.
For Tony, the rest of the week, was a blur. There were so many phone calls. Phone calls and meetings with lawyers. Everything was urgent; everything needed his immediate attention. Tony was tired of hearing briefcases opening and closing. He was tired of manila folders. He was tired of signing his name on page after page after page. The documents never ended.
He couldn’t concentrate. Tony had never had problems concentrating. He had never struggled with completing tasks. And yet, here he was. Struggling to complete tasks. He had considered taking a leave of absence the following term. Jarvis and Jim had supported his decision, but then thought better of it.
Tony waited with bated breath.
He was older than he looked. His small, frail form concealed his true nature. His mother, herself a widow, had sold him into slavery. She was desperate and London was far from Rome. They promised her he'd have a better life. My father didn't care for children, but he saw something in Stephanos, something he didn't see in me. He was worthy.
“Pepper…”
He didn’t mean just now either. She was always looking out for him. Their friendship had had its ups and downs, but she had never stopped keeping an eye out for him.
He was ready.
“When do you hear her?”
“Did he… Did he tell you?”
Since you died, I haven’t accomplished anything. The clock stopped ticking, I stopped sleeping, and everyone stopped pretending they wanted me around. Sharon slapped me across the face because… It doesn’t matter why. I haven’t seen her since.
And devour me he did.
And yes, this was true. I had noticed. I never would’ve commented on it, of course. I didn’t see in me what he saw, I just knew he loved me, and that was enough. But I wanted to be stronger, I wanted to be like the men I saw fighting in the Coliseum.
That first second – the moment our skin contacted the water – was everything to me. I felt alive in a way I only ever felt when I was with him. It was then I knew, I loved him, and would always love him.
“No, that’s fine. I’ll bike.”
Before stepping out, he had poured himself some ginger ale with a splash of bourbon. He was cutting back but hadn’t stopped. He set himself hard limits: he didn’t drink when he was alone, he didn’t drink prior to eating, and he didn’t drink any dark liquors on their own. Hence, the ginger ale.
He pulled his phone from his pocket, only to check the time. “I’m sorry,” he said to Gail.
He smelled divine. Underneath the salt was a scent that was all him; his essence. I was so close to him, I could feel the heat emanating from his body. If he was the sun, I was a chariot gladly waiting to be devoured.
She was everything he could’ve wanted and more. Until the facade started to slip, until her true colors started to show. She was controlling and manipulative. He was ensnared.
“Why’d you smash the reactor, Cap? A lot of people died.”
My tutor was most impressed. I knew enough to read all the old stories: the epics, the poems. And my young mind devoured them with ease.
“Steve, I thought you left. I didn’t want you to leave without me though. We always leave together and I just… Enjoy spending time with you,” said Tony, quite suddenly.
The news came rushing like a tidal wave. Steve had turned on the TV to see if he could catch the day’s weather. Running along the bar at the bottom, Steve read
Don’t we all need a purpose?
It was late summer, my favorite time of year. And I was lying with my arms tucked under my head, relishing the last of the summer sun. It was particularly warm that day and I let the sun’s warmth envelop me.
It wasn’t real. On some level, it had been real, but not in the way Tony had thought. Not in the way he had wanted. She didn’t love him. She loved his ideas, she loved using his body, and she loved having him as an accessory.
“Next week, same time?”
He took a deep breath. “Since we’re going to die anyway, any last confessions?”
“That obvious?"
“I didn’t wish you a happy birthday earlier,” said Pepper, shyly.
“Tony,” said Steve, unsure. “How long was I…”
A second call was coming in.
“She was the only person to love me.”
“Tony, hurry!”
“Don’t worry,” she added. “It’s not mine.”
Mount Vesuvius, on Italy's Tyrrhenian coast, erupted on 24 August 79 C.E. burying Pompeii and its sister city, Herculaneum, named after the fabled Greek hero, in pyroclastic ash.
Nothing else mattered.
“No time to fight. Let’s move,” he said.
I looked at him intently. I had kept my silence, but he had promised he’d listen.
“Not really. You and I have been for about five years,” she said.
His blood ran cold.
Steve put him to bed and held his hand until his breathing evened. He pushed his hair out of his face before walking out of the room. He returned with a glass of water and left it on the night table for Tony to reach.
Steve smiled.
He hadn’t told Ms. Potts then, and he’s unsure what difference it would’ve made, but Steve made a promise that day. He wouldn’t let Tony die alone and unloved.
And they said he wasn’t an optimist.
He couldn’t believe he would soon be leaving earth. Next year, he’d be celebrating his birthday on a spaceship with a crew he hadn’t yet met. He would be living a different life. For so long, he had wanted to escape. He wanted to leave the box to which he was confined, for the prodigal son was expected to follow in his father’s footsteps.
He had plans to go home, plans to spend the holidays with them.
“Yeah, we’ve got to get you out of here,” said Tony. He’d explain it all later, but now wasn’t the time.
Of course, she knew. He had programmed her, after all. Anything he knew, she did too.
“Darling, is that you?”
It was rumored that Venus had blessed her birth, for only a goddess would bestow such gifts.
He had tried to do that. He had. It had never been easy, but he had done his best.
“What? No, I just didn’t want you to fall.”
I should’ve known then.
He found the crisp, cool air refreshing. June would bring with it the summer heat. He looked forward to sunbathing, to boat rides, and the water beneath his toes. He looked forward to hiking and stargazing from the mountaintops. He had never been much of an explorer, but things were about to change. He found himself in such a unique circumstance. How many people could say they were preparing to leave earth? How many people could say they were preparing to travel through space?
He kept the cookbook in one of the drawers for ease of access. He didn’t cook often, but if he did, it was one of these recipes. He flipped through the pages. He thought of making
He wouldn’t cry. Not today, not about this.
Every time they stopped, Steve pulled out a sketchpad and drew the sky. Every sky, every night. And when, at last, they had made it to the Grand Canyon, Tony had asked about the sketchpad when he saw Steve pull up without it in hand.
He was looking at his feet. He was joking, but only half.
“Tell me about her,” he said.
, and I couldn't have that. I couldn’t even bear the thought.
He hated to think what would become of him if he lost his memory. He hated to think who he’d be without the knowledge of where he had been. The learning curve had been steep.
He had wanted to get back, shower and shave, and then come up to see Tony. That was, until he was in the elevator, and without meaning to do so, had pressed the button for the penthouse.
He cupped his cheeks and kissed him slowly. He couldn’t be careful with his words, and he was never delicate, but he could be purposeful. He wanted Tony to know how much he loved him, how much he missed him, how much he thought of him while he was away. The mission had been longer than the last and had left him feeling dreary. He hadn’t thought there would be someone waiting for him.
Tony spun around. The tension melting away.
He could go for a walk along the shore, slid off his shoes just before reaching the sand. If he walked into the sea, none would be the wiser.
They were close to the escape pod when robots ambushed them. Steve fought them off as Tony flew ahead.
He was fighting an army of robots.
He would never get used to seeing Gail and Bucky as old and frail. She was always full of life, but these days, she was coming to terms with her husband’s worsening condition and inevitable death. She would be a widow.
Pepper closed the distance between them and put her hand on his free hand. Her fingers were cool to the touch.
Steve stopped him. Bracing himself, he said, “Tarleton, did he survive?”
Later that afternoon, Steve found himself in Tony’s office. Pepper was sitting on the desk sliding him documents.
Of course, it wasn’t his fault, and Tony would remind him again and again. There was nothing he could’ve done. There was no way to prevent this. He wouldn’t tell him, if the Avengers hadn’t been forced to disband, maybe they would’ve found him earlier. If they hadn’t been forced to go their separate ways, maybe they would’ve been able to put a stop to Monica’s plan much earlier.
He knew he was better off without her, but the heart was irrational.
Eyes wide open, I feel you staring. I feel you breathing down my neck. You know, it wasn’t supposed to be like this. You were supposed to be by my side.
Why can’t you just leave me alone?
When he caught us, sitting by the river, hands intertwined, I wished I had been turned to ash. My whole body froze.
He left before she could say anything. He leapt off the roof and onto the next one. He had felt exposed, and he couldn’t handle her rejection, though he was the one who had called it off.
The following weeks were blissful. We both reveled in our shared secret. Not that it was unheard of or even, uncommon, but with my father around, we couldn’t be too careful. If he found out, he would find a way to take this from me, from
Tony hugged him.
I’m writing to a man who’s dead, who couldn't stand to look at me anymore. I watched you bleed. Called you a sore loser and then watched you bleed. I can smell your blood. After being in that room, it’s all I could smell for weeks on end.
“Starting to think people prefer me on ice,” said Steve.
All I had left were the stars and the memories and they would have to suffice.
“Me too, Pep. Me too,” he said.
“Tony,” said Kamala, hurried.
Perhaps, it was the late hour. Or perhaps, it was the occasion.
He turned to face her and pushed her hair out of her face. He cupped her cheek, wiping the tears away. He would miss her, too. He would miss her and Jim the most.
I’m indisposed, and I thought you should know. Maria had evidence, and I couldn’t contradict. I should’ve deleted the video when I had a chance. And yes, I delete videos. Don’t be so surprised. For what it’s worth, I didn’t. Not this time. I was too busy having a breakdown, too busy seeing people who aren’t there.
Moments later, his phone started ringing.
If anyone knew, we were none the wiser. They kept their silence, for which we were eternally grateful.
Steve didn’t know what to say. Didn’t know where to begin. He dropped to his knees beside Tony.
Steve was concerned. It wasn’t like Tony to cry. He usually brushed off everything. Did something happen while he was at Gail and Bucky’s house?
Annoyance emanating from his person. He took a swig of whiskey from the tumbler in his hand as he walked to the kitchen. He set it down roughly, the amber liquid sloshing across the counter.
He tugged on it until it gave way.
He had spent most of the day with Gail and Bucky and was much too tired to talk to anyone else. Sometimes Jan would call to vent about Hank or entice him with phone sex. He wasn’t in the mood for either tonight.
When they first met, Tony was lonely and dying, and not a soul cared, not even his Board of Directors. Ms. Potts had called them “callous fucks,” and Steve hadn’t heard a woman use such profane language before, but he couldn’t deny, it was warranted.
After that night, Steve went back to his life, and Tony… Retreated.
The Coliseum opened the following year. My father attended the inaugural games. We went every year thereafter. He was a senator; it was expected. I don't know what drew me to them. Perhaps it was the cheering crowds or the look of triumph on the victors’ faces.
“Same time,” said Steve, smiling as he returned his phone to his pocket.
She brushed it off. Surely, she knew he was uncomfortable and wanted to go and was gracious enough to allow him to leave on his own terms. He always appreciated that about her.
They believed him. They believed him, and that was all that mattered.
“Right. I’ll get ready for dinner. Is…” He trailed off, but JOCASTA knew. And she answered his unasked question simply. “Captain Rogers will be joining the crew for dinner. He has spent the day training with Ms. Romanova and has worked up an appetite.”
He awoke at dawn to start his day. The slaves had matters to attend to in the early morning hours and he couldn’t be late. He kissed me good morning just before walking out the door and I could swear he glowed. In haste, he left. We didn’t want anyone to suspect.
Gasping, he flew in. Once he was safe, he retracted the helmet. He was still gasping for air. His heart was beating wildly. Adrenaline pumping. He needed a moment.
To him, my mother's death was the end. There was only despair in his heart. Her death ended love. Everything he loved, everything he would ever love went up in smoke with her. Her death might as well have been mine. I would’ve fared better dead and in the underworld.
“Hopefully, this place isn’t crawling with guards.”
“Dinner, sir. It’s almost dinner time,” said JOCASTA. She sounded cheery.
“Not now, Greg,” said Tony.
He wasn’t vain enough to believe she was using him for his body. The sex was good. She preferred to control the situation, and Tony was happy to oblige. Seeing her please herself, knowing he had been the one to make her feel the way she did, it was more than enough validation. It had taken him some time to get used to the restraints she liked to use. He wasn’t allowed to seek his own pleasure. But it was fine, she was happy and satisfied, and that was more than enough.
It wasn’t worth it. I know that now.
On this night, I had brought him into the clearing to show him the night sky. It was a warm night and I loved those the best. We walked until we reached the bank of the river and dipped our toes in the water. It too was warm, not as warm as the air, of course, but warm enough for a swim. We took off our togas, leaving them at the foot of the nearest tree, and took the plunge.
He left Jim a manila envelope on his dresser. Within was a handwritten letter as well as the deed to the house and the numerous car registrations. Tony would be millions of light-years away, where he wouldn’t have any use for these things. There would be no point holding onto things from a past life to which he could never go back even if he were to return to earth after their successful voyage. And he said as much in the letter.
He rubbed his eyes and sighed. Suddenly, he was tired. Or maybe, it was still hunger?
“Oh no,” he said, shaking his head.
Today was supposed to be a simple day. He’d be sorting through what was left in his office. He had sorted through most things with Pepper’s help. Today, he would be sorting through the various books, magazines, and journals that had lined the bookcases behind him. There was a vast array of information at his fingertips here. He preferred to read from the academics, the philosophers, and the poets themselves.
“The entire San Andreas fault was about to blow. I had to do something, Tony. The ocean would’ve consumed the city. Millions would’ve died.”
After their breakup, he took an extended leave of absence. Gossip magazines published all sorts of outrageous lies about her, about their relationship. It wasn’t fair to her. She had been a tremendous partner. He had been the one to let her down. Gossip magazines aren’t known for their nuance though. They dragged her through the mud.
Tony stood before him; he was checking for signs of life.
Then, he recalled Steve’s penchant for sketching, and laughed softly. Steve looked at him quizzically, before turning back to the stars.
“Still counts,” she said. There was a finality in her voice.
Then, he told me he was also named after his father. Was this our shared curse? Fathers who didn’t love us but whose names were bore.
Tony took another swig of his neglected drink. Pepper didn’t comment though she could smell the whiskey. He had promised he wouldn’t drink excessively, and she wanted to take him at his word.
He had set his phone on vibrate and was hoping no one would call him tonight.
(See the end of the chapter for
They had found each other and they were happy. It would have to be enough.
He wanted someone with integrity, with the courage to speak their mind. Pepper was that person.
And so, he spent his time in the workshop, freely giving into his whims — he could read or design or sleep. Here, he could be unguarded. It was the one part of the spaceship he hadn’t let anyone else design or redesign. He had left his Malibu mansion, all his armors, and all his cars to Jim. Without Jim, Tony would’ve died in the desert many, many moons ago. And he wanted to leave his friend the things he knew he’d appreciate: a beach-front home and all the luxury sports cars he could ever want to drive. But he also entrusted Jim with his legacy, that of Iron Man. Most days, Tony didn’t think he was the best choice for Iron Man, but he wouldn’t let anyone else do it, saved for Jim.
“Please save my progress and log it. I’ll get ready for…”
The Fates had taken his one true love and had left me in her stead and for that, he could never forgive them. And I wasn't worthy, so he could never forgive me.
“You have to trust her, Steve. She knows she can count on us. And that’s all there is to it. Now, quit it,” said Tony.
“Thank you for looking out for me,” said Tony.
It didn’t matter how often he told himself that, he couldn’t stop thinking the Pepper he knew and loved was gone, and this new Pepper — the one who was no longer his assistant, and also, no longer his girlfriend — was someone else. It wasn’t entirely untrue either. As time passed, people changed. Not that much time had passed, and people didn’t change that quickly.
"Hey." Steve's voice is soft. "Wanna trade?"
"Let's go check it out."
"We eventually tracked him down with the stones’ energy signature. Mind you, we only succeeded because the six stones were in the same place. Their frequency showed on Carol's radar when she passed near Thanos's retirement planet."
"I'm not surprised."
"Whose turn is it?" Steve asks them in jest.
Reed uses the numeric pad to write a code, '199999', to Tony's immense interest.
“Friend Tony is not enthused by magic.”
"I'm not surprised," Tony finally manages to say. "She always acted as if she had something to prove or atone for, even if she’d done it a hundred times over. Damn. Anyone else?" He's afraid to hear the answer, but knows it's better to know now rather than later.
Thor spoke of his home planet with such pride and fondness. Tony is disappointed that he never got to see Asgard. Or maybe he did. He should ask at one point.
"Everyone on Asgard has a daemon?" Tony asks warily.
"Tarleton? Who cares… what?" WIM-Tony seems thrown back by the question.
"Okay, that was weird."
"Nah, it's fine. I'm all danced out," Carol says, hanging onto Steve's arm.
It might be fun to spend his new precious personal time with someone, if it's with Steve. Tony keeps thinking about the man, and how they'd fit. It might be worth changing up his life again, and leaving solitude behind. Steve more than anyone would understand the pitfalls of being and dating a superhero, and he's already aware that Tony is a workaholic. If they set boundaries and talk about expectations… who knows.
"Even Fury didn't know. Or if he suspected, which I think he did, he didn't say.”
"Holy shit!"
"It's true, I have it on video,"  Natasha says.
"Tony, please," Steve says after sucking the digit clean.
"You want a family, then?" Steve wouldn't have thought that of Tony before today. On the contrary, Tony plays the playboy card as if he'd gladly cruise through life splitting his time between seducing girls, working on his tech and being a superhero.
"Got it. Don't raise your skeptical eyebrow at me, Steve, I will. Three whole minutes."
He wasn't expecting an answer, but he gets one anyway.
"Sorry, that was presumptuous of me. I don't know how you feed, you probably have-"
Tony huffs as he shakes his head with a smile, which untangles the knot in Steve's belly.
"I know, I know," Tony says. "Speaking of cheating, you're not supposed to use your super strength, Pete!"
It's exhilarating, being wanted by Captain America. A huge ego boost, for sure. He might be old, but he's still got it, a thought which lifts Tony’s already high spirits as he continues to dance with even more fervor. Yeah, the orange fruit juice is still having an effect, but now that they've been exercising so to speak, his head is getting clearer.
"Let's mix it up. What do we have in the 'looks fun, no time' folder?"
"But—"
Steve smiles as they start walking. And proof that Tony is completely turned around is that Steve leads them in the opposite direction that Tony would have taken if by himself.
"Colonel Rhodes, whom I called earlier, is on his way back from Queens and should arrive shortly. Miss Potts is in California at the moment, should I—"
"Oh," Tony says, looking down at his arm. So that's what happened. "Then how..."
"Kinda," Steve says, amused. "Nice nap?"
It makes Tony beams. "In a hurry to have me close by?"
The effect is immediate. Everyone freezes and a hush falls over the table. Tony takes the red "ten" from Disorganized Guy, who is now looking at him with wide eyes, and puts it at the end of the row of his hidden tiles.
Steve studies Zemo for a few seconds, and his next words are almost sympathetic. "You lost someone?"
Should he say? At this point, it doesn't make any difference. "Anthony."
"Who needs Iron Man when they've got me?" Rhodes says.
The offer manages to make Tony soften. True, not everything in these cursed eleven years has been bad. "That... that would be nice. Please."
Is it because he knows Steve is about to do the "I'm glad you are alive, but I need to make our break-up official" speech? Tony would run away from that one too, if he could. Hell, he's tempted to do just that himself. But Steve doesn't even spare a look at Bucky as JARVIS pipes up.
(He's looking forward to the vacation, though. Thanos better not interrupt.)
"You're weird." Steve has crossed his forearms on the ledge and is observing him with amusement now.
"No, no, it's fine." He wouldn't want to hurt or drop him.
As far as Tony can remember, there should be. He hasn't opened up his own old books in decades. Steve has his serious face on as he goes through the yellowed pages. Tony, exhausted and drowsy now that he's warm, nestles against Steve's free hand in a not-subtle at all request for pets. He gets them, too, and he's drifting in a comfortable daze when Steve lets out a victorious cry.
"It's sort of a good news bad news situation," Natasha says.
"Thank you," Steve pants, wiping sweat from his brow. "How bad is it?"
Steve beams at him before leaning down for a kiss. It's tentative, hopeful, and everything Tony could have hoped for, making butterflies flutter in his chest.
"No." Tony raises a palm up to stop Steve's words, which makes him close his mouth with a click. He can't believe that these supposed friends of his talked about a talking raccoon before they mentioned he was a father. He doesn't want to learn what else he missed in the last eleven years.
"Gun on the ground!" he insists, so Tony crouches down slowly, free hand still up.
"Hard to say with newborns, but yes, it seems to be two girls. Give me a second," the doc says, reaching for the phone. "Sandra?"
Rhodey's jaw closes with a click as he scans her face, but then he gapes. "Carol?"
"Oh my God, thank you! Please, Steve, come by the Tower right now, I need help."
"The Blaze," Steve adds.
Tony gets back on his feet with Steve’s aid—he's a little shaken but alright—and with Nebula, they walk to Carol.
"Just a little more. To be sure."
Tony grins at him. "Yeah, okay. I haven't been to a decent pool party in years."
He's about to take off for the entrance to his lab, where he stores the armor, when Steve grabs the suit's wrist.
Like Tony.
Steve is watching him closely while telling his story and if he wasn't so somber, Tony would think it's a prank. Six gems holding that much power...
“I wondered,” Thor says. “It surprised me too.”
"Yeah." Tony nods. "That would be great. Thank you."
Strange nodded, swept his hand upwards, and the kid was gone. Tony found in his pocket the glasses he hadn’t worn for almost two years now, and then walked towards the entrance doors, feeling rather than seeing Bruce, Strange and Wong follow.
“What about... you know?”
“I’m trying!” Bruce swore. “But the Hulk doesn’t want to... Goddamnit!”
“I want to ask you, politely, to leave it alone.”
He found Thor and Rocket in the kitchen.
“Do you hate me?” Tony asked. Might as well start it off with a bang.
It felt as if someone poured boiling water on him. The hope which reared its head up a little got shot down again.
“Mr Stark,” the man nodded guardedly. “We need your help.”
Steve looked around.
“Your what, Captain?” Fury sighed heavily and waved his hand, waiting for him to continue. Steve didn’t. “Past colleague?” he suggested politely. “Past friend? Past omega to your alpha?”
“Get Morgan to the Avengers Compound. To James Rhodes.”
“To avenge the Earth?”
“Dad?” Morgan asked quietly when the car turned back towards the main road.
“It has nothing to do with the Stones,” Rhodey said.
He rubbed his eyelids tiredly.
Steve buried his nose in the girl’s messy hair and inhaled. She smelled of Tony. This was his and Tony’s...
Tony licked his dry lips, pressed “Yes”, and put the phone to his ear.
“In the orbit?”
“Were you the same around Tony, or is it just me whom you hate?” Steve sighed.
“So you can do what?” Natasha asked darkly. “Kill him?”
“Give Tony! GIVE TONY! GI-I-IVE TO-O-ONY!”
“No, but I can be a virtual Tony Stark model with an active life stance. I don’t know, lie to him, tell him I left behind a blueprint of my personality which is virtually the same.”
Steve looked up, searching for the leak, but the ceiling was as solid as they come.
“Right…” Peter gulped. “Mr Stark, I’m really happy to hear you. Well, I mean, no, not happy, because that means that you’re, well… But I am kinda happy, because I thought I’d never talk to you again, but I’d rather talk to you-you, and not you… well, you.”
“Who?”
“You’re a pleasure to talk to, Morgan,” Tony smiled, kissing his daughter at the top of her head.
Tony ripped the electrodes off his chest in a hurry, but it was too late.
“We’ll all help,” Steve promised.
“Aliens stole another Stone, and Tony followed them. He’s on their ship.”
“Yes.”
“Ah. You read a Wikipedia page on how omegas get all sad and sickly and depressed without their alphas?”
Tony gulped.
“FRIDAY,” Tony smiled, dashing towards a fallen woman to help her up. “Tell Rhodey to watch his goddaughter. And also to tell the United Nations that an intergalactic war is coming.”
Steve flinched and glanced over his shoulder. There was no one behind him, but the girl kept reaching out towards the door.
“Well,” he said to the ringing silence, “shower and back to work?”
“Shit! Pete, go after him.”
T/N: If you ever think translating stuff will easy because you're fluent in both languages, you're apparently wrong. It is a good exercise to see how languages differ from each other though... Anyways, this was fun! Thanks for reading!
“Wanna talk to him?”
The man gulped and stepped closer, slowly, as if he wasn’t sure he was seeing things correctly.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Eighty-six,” Rhodey corrected pedantically. “His suit, the battle techniques, the lack of weapons and the newly acquired habit of taking the enemy head-on without a hint of strategy or tactics.”
“Fallen heroes look far more attractive than the living ones. And cause fewer problems.”
“Oh, quit the charade,” Peter snorted, making an impressive backflip to avoid getting hit by a falling tree. “I figured out you were alive, like, a year ago.”
Both of them desperately, painfully needed Tony.
“We have those, and they work in secret, as was always intended. The current director will help you.” Fury nodded, more to himself, as if he was simultaneously leading a difficult conversation in his mind. “He isn’t new to handling you. And you would be there for as long as you’ll have to be.”
Steve sighed heavily and closed his eyes for a moment to calm down.
“And in your opinion, that which could harm him was me,” Steve agreed, leaning heavily against a shelf full of weapons.
“Gotcha,” Happy snorted, taking a turn right to the drive-through window. “The boys too?”
“Crap.” Bruce went a little green around the gills and wiped beads of sweat off his forehead. “Put him down.”
“What’s that about?” Natasha squinted. Bruce turned a suspicious shade of green under her gaze, so much so that Steve found himself looking around for danger.
Tony followed the boy with his eyes before glancing back at their enemy.
“Bet you have a hundred pages on him.”
“She missed you,” Steve said in a whisper and smiled at him.
“I don’t know,” Steve admitted. “Why do you call him Tony anyway?”
“Remember that time Tony disappeared after he gave terrorists his home address on national television, and they proceeded to blew up his house?”
“No!” Steve barked, breaking into a run. It was vital for him to know who was on that ship.
“And how long would I be there for?” Tony snorted. “And anyway, a SHIELD base? You still have those?”
“I don’t know… Steve Rogers, maybe.”
“Um... no, this is Bruce.”
“So what’s that about an apocalypse?”
“I was the one shooting at you,” Daisy bragged when they passed a long corridor and turned right.
“I don’t give a shit, Captain Rogers. Use it as a dinner plate for all I care,” he answered, and disappeared behind the door.
Tony thought for a moment, running through the possibilities in his mind, and then scrunched up his face.
“The atmosphere above New York has been breached by an unidentified flying object,” said Lola (an AI Tony made specifically for the bunch of agents who were his current hosts, and whose name they’ve decided upon with surprising unanimity via a democratic vote).
Tony gave him a disgruntled glare, which Coulson ignored with dignity.
“Sure you will,” Rocket rolled his eyes with a scoff. And then flinched suddenly, dug his paws through the multiple pockets of his jacket before getting out something not unlike a transmitter. “Holy crap!”
“Then it’s convenient too,” Tony nodded, entering the portal.
“Okay,” Coulson said simply.
“You want to help?”
“Shouldn’t.” Bruce bit down on his lip. “But we haven’t tested the formula, so... Steve, if there was any other way, I’d take it. Given my... situation, I’m hardly a fan of thoughtless risks.”
“Fine. But if I call him from this number, he might get a supersoldier analogy of a heart attack,” he warned, taking the flip phone out of his pocket. The phone had twenty voicemails on it – one for each month after the first faithful call. Steve told him all about what had happened in their lives and consistently ended every message with “I love you”, which crushed Tony’s heart into more pieces each time. But Steve was on the run, and Tony couldn’t let the world know about Morgan. Not now, not when the Avengers weren’t together.
“You aren’t afraid I’ll jump on the first grenade I find?”
“We’re here.”
Steve carefully put Morgan back down onto the floor.
“What can I do,” Tony shrugged. “Tell them that my restless spirit possesses you every night and forces you to tinker in the workshop. Everyone who remembers me will believe you.”
“It does,” Fury assured him.
He took the flip phone out of his pocket with trembling hands and opened it with a familiar click, pressing it to his ear. His mouth felt suddenly dry, but he did manage to squeeze out one word.
“Did you really know, or are you just pretending? Although, whatever… Spidey’s feeling down, Tony. Your death really shook him.”
Call him back? No, he wasn’t ready for that. He wasn’t… he just couldn’t talk to Steve about what happened. Couldn’t talk about what was happening right now.
“He can’t have been that attached to me,” Tony argued.
Tony rolled his eyes. One thing which the Earth was missing this fine day was a capricious Hulk.
And then, likely, punch Strange in the face to teach him the ever important life lesson of “When your plans are this fucked up, you gotta tell others beforehand.”
“Tony?”
Peter Parker and Harley Keener, to Steve’s utter horror, became friends and officially announced themselves to be his daughter’s older brothers. Steve really hoped that Tony had a plan of action prepared for this, a risk assessment and a special fund at the ready to cover the costs of the consequences. For now he had to rely on Bucky and Sam, but those two were at times so distracted by their own squabbles that they could easily miss the second coming of the apocalypse.
“Someone must have seen him.”
“Shut your mouth,” Steve said. He had to keep himself from growling. Something furious, beastly, threatened to make its way onto the surface instead of the emptiness, and this something wanted to rip apart the man who found what Steve and Tony had between them oh so funny.
“Steve?” Rhodey’s voice said through the earphone.
“I figured that out through a lot of trial and error,” Rhodey shrugged, leaning against the doorframe. “If I were you, I’d hurry, because she’s starting to go red.”
Steve felt his mouth go dry.
“I’m okay,” Bruce assured him in much the same tone.
Get Vision to Shuri. Destroy the Stone. Stop Thanos from bringing about the end of the world. Simple and concrete tasks, that much he could do.
“Tony?” Morgan stopped clenching her jaw with all the desperation of a stubborn kid and looked around. “Where?”
Steve gave him a dizzying smile in return.
The twenty-second hesitation before confirming the obvious almost made him lose his temper, but Natasha, answered, finally:
No, no, no, no. No.
“Yes, that’s your dad. Look at how… dumb he is, Jesus Christ.” Tony grimaced, watching the screen. Steve, Sam and Natasha (a dream team, for god’s sake) were helping to disarm some terrorists in London. The prime minister wasn’t exactly thrilled, but at least they weren’t getting shot at by the police. Yet.
“We’ll murder you,” Fury repeated, “and send you to one of SHIELD’s bases, complete with a lab and all the toys you might need.”
Steve couldn’t find it in himself to feel anything beyond hollow.
“Yeah, well, after all that went down, Tony and I modified the Extremis formula a bit,” Bruce said. “We were just messing about, I promised him I’ll never use it. Lia-a-ar.”
Tony wrinkled his nose. Why? Why did everyone feel the need to always circle every conversation back to Steve?
When they fought each other, Tony was... When Steve swung his shield at him, this girl could’ve...
“Why?”
Or would it be the third? To be honest, Steve has kind of lost count.
“We’ll buy him two,” Morgan decided.
“I’m never trusting my fellow scientists ever again,” Tony sighed heavily. “Although I’d do the same thing. We need to prepare for the battle against Thanos.”
“G-good.” Tony clenched his teeth, suppressing vomit.
“We’ll get some for everyone,” Happy told her instead of him, turning in the driver’s seat to face her. “Tony always loved them.”
Nebula didn’t deign to answer with much more than a murderous glare in his direction, but Tony wasn’t trying to insult her. She really was a sweet... cyborg?
He choked before he could finish the sentence.
“I don’t doubt it.”
“It’s not a pseudonym,” Strange clarified primly.
“No,” Fury scoffed, not letting him finish. “He’s a complete moron, but he’s a predictable moron whose plans I know in full. Which is why I’m planning to make a plot to murder you instead.”
“I reckon it would be easier to discuss at my place,” the wizard suggested. “I’m Doctor Strange, for the record.”
“Not really. I‘m not your nanny.” Fury walked up to the table, picked up a square box which Steve has somehow managed to miss. “Here.”
“Never,” he shook his head stubbornly. “I’d tell you if I knew earlier. I think. I don’t know. To be honest, the first few weeks I... couldn’t believe it. But even if we knew, would it change anything? You’d still make your choice between Barnes and... the rest of the world.”
“Come on. Please.” Steve wiped the purée off his own cheek and tried to force at least a little into Morgan’s mouth again. “You need to eat, don’t you understand?”
She shook her head and walked back in. Steve followed. They entered the room just like that, him – half a step behind her.
“One chance in fourteen million six hundred and five,” Tony reminded him. “Did you punch Strange in the face yet?”
Steve didn’t know.
“You have to admit, your track record when it comes to maybe-dead-but-not-really-dead people is not the best,” Sam shrugged.
“I’m okay,” Steve repeated, shifting into a more comfortable position.
“Extremis?”
“Who’re you chatting to?” Nat asked, squinting suspiciously.
“Okay,” Natasha nodded, pursing her lips.
Peter’s voice sounded really unsure. Tony sat up on his bed, suppressed the urge to throw up, and activated the speaker.
“Bruce, can you–“
“He’s awake,” Helen said tenderly. “And already got on my nerves, so you should take him home as soon as po–“
“Alive,” he exhaled. He lifted his hand up without daring to touch Tony’s cheek, and then laughed in relief. “Tony, you’re... alive.”
Steve nodded again and got up to his feet.
How do you begin a conversation with an alpha whom you loved, then hated, then probably-didn’t-hate but didn’t love-all-that-much, whom you hadn’t seen for three years, and whose child you gave birth to and hid? Tony could swear that neither high school nor college ever approached this topic in sociology classes, and whatever he might have learned in his family didn’t even deserve an honorable mention.
Last time he was here was two years ago, but barely anything has changed. Apart from the fact that Rhodey held in his outstretched arms a desperately squirming dark-haired child.
“Yeah, don’t know why I asked. I miss him too, Mora. I haven’t seen him in so long, and I’m so–“
“I believe he will be.”
Steve got up, carefully. His body felt giant and clumsy, like in the first few days after the serum, and his daughter squirmed in his arms in discontent.
The problem was him.
Tony pursed his lips.
“Tony,” Steve shook his head, “you can’t think that. Our future is sleeping right next to you. She’s here because we were together. And she... I never thought I could love anyone that much.”
“That didn’t happen!” Tony exclaimed indignantly. And then remembered that said “year ago” was around the time when three-months-old Morgan stopped quite grasping the concept of sleep.
Tony snorted.
“He won’t answer to me.” There was a quiet rustle of fabric, as if Sam shrugged his shoulders. “He hadn’t moved for the past three days. He doesn’t eat, he doesn’t sleep, he’s just watching the news, or staring into the void when they show something else.”
“Stop clowning around. Both of us know that you have better things to do than playing catch with Ross.”
“You don’t have a great track record when it comes to personal affairs, but globally it’s not that bad,” Fury shrugged, almost cruel. “You want some advice? Don’t think about Stark, don’t think about Barnes, and do your job.”
“Did you ever wonder why Tony would fake his own death?” Rhodey asked. “That’s your daughter. Congrats.”
“It is,” Steve agreed. “You, I don’t believe.”
“Yessir!”
But his brain couldn’t just get itself together and generate a safe conversation topic.
“Are there news about Tony?”
Steve stopped listening. He scooped Morgan up in his arms and bolted down the hospital corridor, which he managed to do without causing any injuries, but that was mainly because everyone else was wise enough to jump out of their way. Including a ninety-year-old man.
“Yeah, I’ll refrain too. Thanks for your offer, but I’ll manage myself, as per usual. I’ve has years to practice being alone.”
“Steve, are you alright?” Natasha asked, approaching him and putting her hand on his shoulder.
Morgan shot him a wide grin in return.
Tony chose this moment to finally pass out. Get that, Doctor Strange – chances are, your one-in-fourteen-million-six-hundred-and-five reality probably didn’t involve Tony Stark’s inglorious death via internal bleeding!
“Tony.” Bruce touched him on the shoulder. “We’re at catastrophe’s door, and all your squabbles don’t matter right now.”
“I...” Steve gulped. “I’m fine, thank you.”
They looked at each other, their gazes brimming with love, but didn’t have the time to say much else: the door got thrown open, almost ripped off its hinges, and a happy, loud, restless and maybe just a tad unruly crowd flooded the room.
“I know, Tony. But I didn’t have the rights to ask, you know that.” Steve looked down. “We’re still not talking about it?”
“Not me, my agents,” he admitted finally. “They worry.”
“Steve.” Natasha blocked the screen with her body. Not completely – the plasma display on the wall was far too wide for her complexion – but she stood in front of it and looked Steve in the eyes. He noted vacantly that she had dyed her hair and acquired a gash in her lip. “Steve, they’re looking for him, but…”
“You’re so good at tactfully breaking the news,” Natasha snorted.
“Why did Tony hide her?” Steve asked.
“They grow up so fast. You look away for a moment, they’re already wearing superhero spandex,” Rhodey agreed. “So anyway, I don’t know how to cheer him up.”
“Bruce?” he repeated absently.
“Besides, I had Tony’s instructions. If he doesn’t... if he goes missing, I had to give Morgan to Steve. For safety reasons.”
“Tony.”
Tony hunched his shoulders, looking down, his fighting spirit gone in an instant. A sunray refracted through the table, illuminating chaotically and infinitely moving specks of dust. The reality of Brownian motion, a contribution to physics made by a botanist and a surgeon’s assistant, which suggested, aside from the obvious, that people should pay more attention to details and specifics.
Steve threw his head back, felt the comfortable cool of the concrete wall against it, and took a long breath.
But Tony wasn’t there. Again. How many times will Steve be doomed to lose and find again the most important people in his life? Which time will be their last? Why was he the one in this vicious cycle?
Steve stared at the screen over her shoulder. The frames were familiar, he saw them dozens of times now – a busy street, Tony, taking pictures with a swarm of schoolgirls, faces skewed with terror, crimson blood on the white T-Shirt with kittens, censored by a bunch of pixels in faux decency, and a shaky camera in someone’s trembling hands.
As if Tony had anything to do at all.
“We all love to think each one of us is a special snowflake,” Tony informed her. “But if you take into the account the data– Ouch, fu-u-ucking h-hell.”
“Steve, buddy, you need to rest,” Sam said, approaching him. “Come on, let’s go.”
“I do,” Fury nodded. “But you don’t need the truth, Rogers. Trust me.”
“Thank you, Bruce.”
Maybe that was his and Tony’s greatest difference. Tony wouldn’t be surprised right now – after all, he kept telling them all these years that they weren’t ready, that they need to be better, that they need to be together. Would they have won if they were together? Maybe. Maybe not.
“I won’t die without Rogers for company,” Tony answered sharply.
So Steve just sat and watched, etching every detail into his memory.
“Mainly with how Tony was alive and she didn’t know. Seriously, she’ll have me drawn and quartered, come on, guys.”
“You bribed my doctor, Director?”
Tony straightened his back, his teeth clenched.
“So he’ll burst into flame whenever he’s upset now?” Steve frowned.
“We didn’t find them.”
“Safe and sound, currently where the New Asgard is going to be. I left the Valkyrie there, she’ll take care of them.”
“I wouldn’t, Peter. I’m not exactly busy.”
“NO!”
“Stay here, I’ll get someone,” Nebula said darkly, and Tony suddenly realized that their ship has landed.
“What’s with the prejudice, Director?”
Their family.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Heard congratulations are in order,” he said. “You know if it’s a boy or a girl yet?”
“The sniper shot from the building opposite,” Steve said, simply.
“I do. Seems to me like he’s doing fine.”
“I was afraid I would, but... no.” Tony grimaced. “Don’t know what to do with it all though.”
“And you?”
“I can’t!” Steve said after him.
“I...” Steve looked away. “You’re right. It’s just...”
“I don’t know, Steve! I’m not that kind of doctor, but Tony doesn’t give a shit about that, as per usual. We don’t have time to take him anywhere else, so... it would be best if you left. And you,” Bruce glanced over to Nebula, “stay here. I’ll need help and details.”
“Yeah, why not.”
“A bear called Wa?” he asked incredulously.
“Tony gave it to me,” Bruce said simply, and Steve clenched his fists around the phone so tightly that the cheap material squeaked in indignation, “but that doesn’t matter right now, because you need to find Vision, or the world’s going to end.”
“He’s alive,” he said, and Steve nodded. “He might hate me a little after he wakes up, but he’s alive.”
“We can give Morgan your shield, it’ll do as a sled.”
“I was hired as a consultant, and then SHIELD fell apart. Awesome, right?”
“That’s all you got, Cap?” Tony snorted. “I expected a more inspiring speech.”
“I don’t remember there being a paragraph about selling firstborns,” Tony wrinkled his nose.
“Who can find him?” Bruce asked.
“Sorry,” Helen smiled, kissing Morgan on the top of the head when the girl ran up to her. “Sometimes I forget how sensitive you all are. Well, apart from Tony.”
“It’s alright, you’ll enjoy it,” Coulson nodded. “At least you no longer have to speak to people whose company you’ve never liked.”
“Two!” Morgan interrupted, her voice ringing with familiar stubbornness.
Tony was gone, and that hurt the worst. Bucky, Sam, Wanda, Vision and T’Challa were dead, but at least Steve knew about it. Tony had been on an alien spaceship, and then – in Thanos’s hands. He could have been murdered in the battle for the Time Stone, he could have been turned to ash by the damned snap... he could have been alive and captured. Bruce and Rocket told him enough about Thanos’s “children”, those he picked up on different planets and twisted until they broke in accordance with his ruthless plans. Steve didn’t know which alternative scared him more.
“Your team?” Steve asked.
“Wow, where do all these warm feelings come from?” Tony whistled.
Tony sat on a chair, and the phone rang, and rang, and rang, and… froze, a millimeter away from the edge of the abyss. Tony took it with trembling hands and flipped it open, breathed in raggedly as he saw the expected name on the screen.
“Go for it.” Tony leaned back and closed his eyes.
Steve waited for Morgan to unfasten her seatbelts, offered her his hand, helping her down to the ground, and froze in place when he noticed Helen waiting for them outside the hospital door.
“Aliens are here to steal a wizard’s favorite necklace.”
She giggled and nodded, looking up.
“I guessed,” she said, evading his eyes.
“No way,” Tony said, eyes wide. “Don’t tell me that was Pete, that kid was knee-high, it’s been barely… Oh, shit.”
He shook his head without meeting Steve’s gaze.
“I know,” Steve nodded. “He’s alive. That’s what matters.”
Tony gulped and set the phone aside.
“So it isn’t true?”
“Which is an office building,” Steve continued.
Tony wasn’t home, Tony wasn’t on this planet, he was somewhere out there, among the endless space straight out of his nightmares, so far that Steve couldn’t help him.
Natasha’s voice sounded tired.
“So what do you suggest? A secret mason plot to murder the Secretary of State? Can’t say I’ve never thought about it, but–“
“Since they showed… well, you know what on the news,” Sam answered, just as tiredly. “To be honest, I’m already past the stage of just worrying about his mental health.”
That the casket was closed, that Pepper looked pale, Rhodey looked distant, and Happy looked ill.
“Tony, I hadn’t told you that I love you in four months. And now it’s useless, I guess, but I can’t do anything about it. I love you, and I wasn’t ready to lose you… Well, you know I’ve always had problems with my past. And you… Tony, you were meant to be my future, why… I’m sorry. Nat and Sam are here, will probably chew me out for the metal bar stuck in my leg. I’ll call again.”
“I know.”
“Kinda boring,” Daisy nodded. “Here’s your room, Mr Stark. The lab door is right across.”
“When did this happen?”
“Well, perhaps–“
“That was stupid. I assumed, for some reason, that you’ll follow the orders they give you, even though that was never your forte.”
And then, when everything is over, he’ll have the time to think about the global stuff.
“You wanted to ask something?”
“Yes.” Steve let go of the metal shelf, which already had finger-shaped dents where he gripped it. “Help Vision to... Did you know Tony’s alive?”
Steve felt his breath hitch. His thoughts collapsed into ringing silence.
“And I hate feeling like an abandoned pregnant omega.”
“Rabbit?” Thor asked curiously, looking over his shoulder.
“How about your team, Rocket?”
And shoved Steve out of the door.
“You won’t get Tony back doing this,” Natasha warned harshly.
“Unsanctioned entrance, boss, my safety protocols are being overridden,” FRIDAY informed him before shutting down. Doors slid open with an almost silent rustle, and a man in black stepped inside the room.
Rhodey pursed his lips and shook his head.
Tony glances to the side. Morgan was frowning in her sleep, as if the fate of all humanity was already resting in her shoulders. And Tong would love to hope that nothing like that would ever happen to her, but... she was their daughter, after all.
“Thank you,” Steve said, feeling familiar despair rise up in him. Every time someone congratulated him, Steve wanted to growl at them, ask them, “Don’t you understand I failed the only thing I was supposed to succeed at?! The perfect alpha, meant to set an example, and yet my daughter was born without me. My daughter could have not been born at all because of me. What exactly are you congratulating me over?” – but instead he just forced a smile and changed the topic. “How are the Asgardians?”
“Extremis,” Steve confirmed.
God, Tony hated magic.
“Yes,” Fury agreed. “Is that fair to you? No. Will it make your life easier? I doubt it. Will anyone thank you? Hardly.”
“Cap, don’t freak out on me now, I’m not sure how much sedative to use on supersoldiers,” she said. “I wasn’t waiting for you, I just wanted to get some fresh air.”
“You’ve got far more pressing duties,” Fury said, and Steve found himself clenching his fists.
“Tony.”
“No, you don’t.”
He turned around so it would be easier for the girl to see him, and Steve found himself pinned down by the gaze of wide tearful eyes.
“I tried,” Steve nodded. “And I’m down for retirement. Someone else can deal with the next big bad... Crap.”
Nebula pursed her lips.
“Rogers,” the man said in return, making himself comfortable in the armchair opposite. “Heard you’re looking for the sniper?”
“Wa!” Morgan interrupted firmly, reaching her hand out to the side.
“Daisy will show you to your room and the lab. The things you’ve indicated have already been delivered.”
Steve nodded.
“Hey.” Tony licked his dry lips. “How... uh...”
“Right,” Tony drawled. “The end of the world. Wonderful. Just keep calm, won’t you?”
“But you signed the Accords,” Fury reminded him.
“You should go to the common room.” Her voice was unusually tender.
Rocket glared at him for a moment, but then sighed, waving his paw in the air:
That crowds of people on the streets hid their faces behind Iron Man masks.
“You’ve got a point.”
“I am breathing!” Peter went quiet for a moment. “Mr Stark, you wouldn’t mind if I talk to you sometimes, would you?”
“Could you please come back to the Compound?”
Steve gritted his teeth to stop himself from swearing. Of course it was Fury! Wouldn’t be the bastard’s first time. Besides, his phrase about not trusting Steve with the truth suddenly had a different meaning altogether. Back then he figured Tony was murdered by some government official, and Fury was afraid Steve would barge into the White House with a rifle.
And then got out the flip phone and pressed the call button of the only saved contact. There was no point in doing this, he knew. It would make far more sense to call Tony’s usual number, hear the recording of the familiar voice on the answering machine for the hundredth time in the past months, but…
“It said for the shield to be returned to you. I returned the shield to you,” Fury said, irritated, and walked towards the exit, his trench coat fluttering behind him cinematically.
“Again?” Tony rolled his eyes and then winked at Morgan, patting the space on the bed next to him with his good hand. She dashed to him, immediately climbing into his lap and hiding her face on his neck.
“Sorry, Mr Stark,” Peter muttered. “You’re just very… well, real. Do you really know everything that happened? Colonel Rhodes said you do.”
“It’s Nebula. She’s another one of Thanos’s daughters,” Rocket said finally. “I sent her our coordinates. She writes that she’s got a half-dead Terran on her. You missing anyone?”
“What about one of us?”
“A year ago?” Tony asked, a little shell-shocked.
“Steve...”
“As if I could forget. I had a lot of news waiting for me when I came back from a mission. I had to ride three thousand miles on a bike, practically without stopping, just so I could yell at him about it.”
Dear god. Tony was bleeding out on the pavement between 106th Street and Madison Avenue, and people kept filming. Tony was dying, and Steve was asleep on the other end of the world, and his heart didn’t stop beating.
“He’s got a plan B. If he can’t frame you, Ross is planning to straight up murder you closer to the date, and hope the kid can still be… extracted. No matter what, you’ll be walking around with a massive target on your back in the nearest few months, putting all your efforts into staying alive. I’m not happy about it.”
“Oh, sure,” Rhodey scoffed. “Vision keeps developing. I suspect he’s meeting up with Wanda in secret.”
In thirty-seven seconds (exactly as an infuriated Pepper Potts appeared at the door) the quinjet shot up, successfully evaded a dozen fighter jets sent after it by Ross, and set its course to Wakanda.
“Stark is gone,” Fury said, getting up, “but the world isn’t. And the world needs your protection.”
“Are you trying to sell me trinkets? And who’s ‘we’ anyways? You got someone else with you?”
He just needed the names.
“DAD!”
“You’re welcome,” the man scoffed. “Call me when he wakes up.”
“Yeah, right,” Rhodey snorted. “Impeccable plan. How’ve you been, Tony?”
“Good,” Coulson nodded. “But that is still an answer to a question about your physical state which I didn’t pose.”
“Later. Let’s just...” Tony shifted his hand a little, enough for their fingers to almost touch, but not quite. Steve nodded, not moving. “I feel great. Which is kind of weird, by the way. Why am I alive anyways? I’m not complaining, but I’m curious.”
“We’ll talk about that later,” Natasha said before hanging up.
“Not for long if we keep standing around.” Nebula pushed Steve away with dark detachment, dragging Tony along. “You got a doctor here?”
“Did you ever wonder why Tony would fake his own death?” Rhodey asked. “That’s your daughter. Congrats.”
“No, but that’s kind of the point. We’re waiting.”
“Thanks.”
And Tony Stark was gone.
Steve took it in his hands and winced at the familiar weight.
“I can do it faster,” Thor said. “Where is Stormbr–“
Steve hugged the girl tighter despite himself. She exhausted herself with the crying, and her eyelids kept fluttering shut over her tired eyes.
“My god,” he whispered.
Thankfully, he obeyed.
“Wa!” Morgan furrowed her brows angrily and scrunched up her face, showing with her entire demeanor that if she isn’t understood immediately, she’s gonna show everyone exactly what she’s made of. “WA!”
“Wonderful,” Strange said, stepping aside with a look on his face which said something more along the lines of “We’re all doomed”.
He wanted to call, but Steve wrote to call him only if he needs help, and right now he couldn’t help, not really. Tony hid the phone in his pocket and laced his fingers.
“Yeah!”
“Last time I tried to talk to him about ‘well, I know what’, he ran off to a different country in a minute and thirty-six seconds. Not exactly effective… and anyways, you’re the part-time therapist here.”
“I’m afraid not anymore. There’s no connection... Steve?”
“I want a cheeseburger!” Morgan squeezed Steve’s fingers a little tighter. “Dad?”
“He’s an idiot if he thinks he can have my child,” Tony said.
“Yes,” Natasha repeated.
“Me neither,” Steve admitted. “But I want to. I really want to fix everything.”
Because a few feet ahead of them was Steve. Steve, alive, not crumbled into ash, Steve, whose fate Tony tried not to think about for his own mental stability’s sake, although he kept waking up from an old nightmare with a dead man’s words ringing in his ears. “We lost, Tony. It’s all your fault. Why didn’t you do more?”
“Pepper and Happy arrived five minutes ago.”
Tony put his palm against the scanner (seriously, Fury?) and entered the room as the doors slid open. The rooms at the SHIELD base were all standard. He stepped past a fake window, towards a desk which was occupied by a box with his delivered possessions, got an old flip phone out of it almost without having to look, and held it in his hand like a good luck charm.
“Don’t try to scare me, Nicholas,” Tony rolled his eyes. “I would love to watch Ross try to frame me.”
“You’ll have to re-make the shield. I want to watch Sam and Bucky play hot potato with it because neither wants to be the next Cap.”
“Yeah, when you started snoring mid-conversation.”
“You think I can protect anyone?” It sounded bitter, although Steve didn’t mean for it to.
“Steve,” she sighed. “You were an enemy of the state on the run, and Tony was a dead man. Each one of you could have harmed the other. And besides, if he wanted you to know... he had your number, didn’t he?”
Steve said goodbye to Captain Stacy who was responsible for organizing the clean-up on this street and made his way back to his motorcycle.
Steve didn’t even look at her, although he probably should have. She was his teammate, after all, she returned from a dangerous mission, she…
“Wonderful,” Tony nodded, then turning towards a lady with short dark hair. She gave him a shadow of a smile and gestured for him to follow.
“Another secret?”
That the president gave a speech, and that Secretary Ross looked clearly furious over something.
“Open it,” Fury ordered. His voice didn’t allow for arguments, so Steve obeyed.
“The radio frequency is...”
“Bruce, so you wanna join us yet, or what?”
“I need the sniper.”
“But you can help him, right?” Steve asked. Bruce didn’t answer, instead rushing towards the drawers packed with medicine and tools, getting out everything he deemed remotely useful.
“I’ll refrain from that,” Fury answered politely.
“The apocalypse is here,” he announced in trembling voice. “The dead are walking among us.”
“Really?” Tony gasped, pulling her closer and kissing her on the forehead. “I always knew I can rely on you.”
Just in time, too – a bunch of not exactly friendly looking folks suddenly teleported on Manhattan’s 43rd out of a flying doughnut. And Tony’s hands itched to kick their asses.
“Can I just tell you the latest news?”
Steve barely managed to keep his voice from breaking.
The familiar name pricked at his heart with an icy needle, a week-old scene replaying in front of his eyes like a broken record: a half-molten iron gauntlet encrusted with Infinity Stones, and Tony, who no longer looked alive.
“No, I don’t think he can do that. I should…”
Tony narrowed his eyes in irritation.
“What are you doing here?” Tony bellowed. Call him old fashioned, but he was convinced that aliens and kids should be kept as far apart as possible.
“Tony will be okay, right?”
Rhodey walked up closer and practically shoved her into Steve’s arms. The girl grasped the fabric of his shirt tightly, hid her wet face in the crook of his neck, and broke down into loud sobs.
The man who almost knocked Tony over gave him an almost comically shocked look.
Steve couldn’t help but chuckle.
“Is everyone on your planet an utter moron?” she asked, as Tony finally managed to take an almost upright position.
Inside, there was a shield. And on the shield, a sticker shaped like the Iron Man helmet, one of the assortment of stationery which Steve found himself buying around half a year ago, and which Tony began to use with exaggerated seriousness in any situation, appropriate or not. There were two words on the sticker, two words written in a handwriting familiar to the last stroke and curl.
He and Nebula took four days fixing up the Guardians’ ship after a meteor shower. At that, most of the time was spent looking for the required tools among the piles of rubbish and rocks. And throughout it all Tony couldn’t help but think about how Strange saw fourteen million six hundred and five possible outcomes of their future, and still thought it wise to trade the stone for his – Tony’s – life. Which meant that the one successful outcome was relying on his active participation.
“Right... New suit?”
“Well, there was a kid in an Iron Man mask. He raised his arm at the bot, and you shot from behind and told him he did well.”
“We… listen, you weren’t here, but everything is really… complicated,” he admitted, looking over to where Morgan was stubbornly trying to walk with the help of Strange’s Cloak.
Steve shut his eyes. Natasha was right, which made it all the more anguishing.
“Good to know I’m not the only one,” Steve mumbled under his breath, almost dragging Vision up the gangway.
Steve got up, leaned against Sam. They needed to go back. But Steve no longer had a home to return tp.
“Don’t do anything stupid, Tones,” Rhodey asked seriously.
“Not... exactly.” Rhodey hesitated. “Just come back.”
“I’m not old enough for Alzheimer’s.”
“Give him the new suit. Say he can get my advice through it.”
“Fury,” he said.
“And then he turned out to be all fluffy and innocent, and you couldn’t find a minute or two to catch me up to speed in the airport,” Tony scoffed.
Bruce’s voice was suddenly really strange, not unlike that of Sam almost two years ago when he, evading Steve’s eyes, muttered “I watched the news, Steve, and... I’m really sorry, but Stark was shot at, and I think he’s de–“.
“How would I know?” Rocket snarled. “You all look the same to us. They’re landing in four minutes, so see for yourself.”
Tony could stay right here – Ross didn’t seem to him such an insurmountable problem – but… if just half a year ago someone showed him Zemo and told him that he’ll be the one to ruin the Avengers, Tony would laugh in their face.
“Um.” Tony raised his eyebrows. “Sounds tempting.”
“Yup. Really convenient. Thanks to nanotechnology I can fold it up and keep it in my pocket, which... would be very useful if I had a physical body.”
This time the one dozing off on an armchair at his bedside was a clean-shaven Steve, whose chest served as a pillow to Morgan in a pink bunny rabbit onesie, and Tony’s heart swelled with amazed excitement at the sight. Which was, for all its wonders, utterly terrible, because the heart monitor blinked awake and proceeded to break out into piercing shrills, alerting everybody in the nearest vicinity that the patient is a few beats per minute away from a heart attack
“Yeah!” Morgan nodded, grinning brightly.
“I’m stressed!” Rhodey complained. “You ever try being stuck in a closed environment with a member of the Stark family who’s very unhappy about the fact you can’t give her what she wants for three days straight? And what she wants is Tony. Well... Steve works, apparently.”
Morgan looked so much like him. She had his dark hair, his attentive brown eyes, his curiosity and penchant for experimentation. She got her somewhat impressive stubbornness from Steve, but everything else... God.
No matter what anyone said, he was happy to hear him too.
“I’m furious at him. No, I’m even more furious than before, because he is a complete moron, who… I’m not talking to you about it.”
“Da?” Mogan looked at him.
“Faith doesn’t need proof,” he smirked. “You either believe, or you don’t – isn’t that how it works?”
The UFO had a suspiciously familiar shape and was preceded by a rainbow trail. And either it was in such way expressing its opinions in regards to sexual minorities, or it had a direct relation to Asgard and its bridge.
“I have instructions,” he said, finally. “But for now we have to kick Thanos’s ass. And get to the quinjet before Pepper shows up. She... isn’t thrilled.”
“How long has he been sitting here?”
“Obviously,” Natasha agreed.
“Not currently,” Strange admitted, looking up.
Yeah, as good as ever.
“Steve,” Tony called.
And then, after a short pause, with a gulp:
Steve shut his eyes for a moment. The familiar name pricked at his heart with an icy needle, a week-old scene replaying in front of his eyes like a broken record: a half-molten iron gauntlet encrusted with Infinity Stones, and Tony, who no longer looked alive. And then… he still didn’t look alive, but his body lit up from the inside with Extremis, its abilities stretched as far as they could go.
“Dad’ll have two as well,” Morgan said. “Tony says he needs to eat a lot because he has a fast metabolism.”
“You’re hearing things.”
But how could Steve know anyone would answer?
“More pressing than the murder of my–“
“Yeah,” Steve said. “Not the best.”
Tony felt like a complete asshole. It’s not like he adopted the kid (aunt May would hardly be ecstatic about that), but lying to him was still difficult.
Nebula kissed her teeth and grabbed him, keeping him from face-planting into the ground, and then threw his arm around her shoulder, generously taking on the role of a crutch. Not even that – Tony was never going to admit it out loud, but she was most certainly almost carrying him. What a woman! He could almost adopt her.
Despite the warmth of their first meeting, Morgan turned out to not be a very well-behaved girl. Yes, she called Steve dad, and she clearly knew what that meant, but she as was stubborn as a mule, never letting herself get distracted or convinced.
"Thank you," Tony and Rhodey say at the same time.
Steve wouldn't say he can read Tony's moods and quirks correctly all the time, but he's getting really good at it. He thinks Tony understands him more too. Maybe, if they'd made more of an effort in the first few years of the Avengers’ existence, it would have been easier to work together without incessant squabbling and misunderstandings. It could have given Steve clues on how to better break the news of the Winter Soldier and Tony's parents. Or maybe there was just no proper way to do that, since it's so fucked up. But Steve is convinced they would have trusted each other more with important information and worries, and avoided Ultron. Heck, it's possible Tony wouldn't have quit.
"Att-Lass. Van-Igha. Other asshole," Tony greets.
"What she said," the crow adds. "We just can't manifest when on Earth, that's all."
"There we go!" he needles, grinning. "Almost a smile. I thought you'd be happier to see me, honestly."
But right now? Tony is his, and his alone. They've talked about exclusivity and commitment, and it's something they both want. Steve is in love, sees this as a forever bond, and hopes that Tony gets there too. And he is determined to make them work.
"I want to see you."
"Oh." Tony thought they'd do that? Not that Steve is against the idea: it seems weird, but he trusts Tony knows what can be enjoyable. "You said you'd be game?"
When the noises stop, Rhodes asks, "So, will you keep the cats?"
It's a good thing that Tony's body is a lot more resistant now, because he's pretty sure that regular-Tony's ribs would be all cracked by this point.
"Nah, don’t worry about it. I switched on the armor's air filters before it could hurt me, and it was but an inconvenience. You know me, I'm invincible," Tony says with a wink. "Frankly, I was more hurt by that nose Loki gave the armor." That last bit makes Tony shudder, which makes Steve smile.
Steve evaded most of his day job for a week, but the vacation is over. They break up the bioweapon deal, and take down the organization behind it, but it doesn't stop there. There is one crisis after the other, and Steve barely sleeps. It's for the best, because he doesn't have the occasion to sulk about the end of his time with Tony and the kittens too much.
The golden coverlet is silky and the mattress the perfect firmness, allowing Tony to sink down a few inches. It's wonderful, and he sighs in contentment.
"I can, Yogi Bear."
He should have played dead, but their eyes meet before Tony thinks of it. He quickly closes his eyes anyway, but when he cracks one open again, the wolf is still looking straight at him.
He can feel there’s something between them, but he has no idea what it is. She cares in her own way, and Steve did say she was protective of him. Tony experienced it firsthand when she firmly put him to bed. It's definitely not a physical attraction, which he would recognize. Friendship, surely, but there’s a little extra that he can’t put his finger on and it's unnerving.
"Okay, so I'm ready to try this. Are you?" Steve asks.
"I tried to grab the remote before we were totally through," Reed says, eying the device in Tony's hand. "But Electro got in the way."
"Tony! We need help!" she cries out from the bathroom. She doesn't sound worried or hurt, and Tony closes his eyes, asking for patience.
"No."
"You've been fantastic." Tony grips his fingers and climbs on the bed, sliding his free hands up Steve's legs and torso. Over his clothes, but there indeed will be other times where he'll be able to unravel Steve. "You don't need to do this, Steve. Are you sure?"
"I'm so happy!" Lilly vibrates with glee.
With their momentum, Peter and Morgan's tube stops a lot further on the lake than Tony's. They high five as they disembark.
One night, before bed, while Steve goes through his text messages, he realizes that he's talked to Tony three times that day.
The good news is that something happens: a portal window appears, just as before, which means they have a way to travel between realities.
"You know what we should do?" Natasha says, who seems to be still documenting everything that has to do with the kittens on her phone. "Make an Avengers and Cats Instagram."
"Thank you for searching for us and getting us out," Sue says. "We owe you."
"Okay, okay," Sam says, raising his hands up in surrender. Clearly he thinks Steve is overreacting at the tease. "Nice of you to go help."
"You've signed the Accords, no?" Tony asks. "I didn't.
"Up, up!" she demanded. "There's a party soon!"
He watches with attention when Wanda steps through Steve. She frowns for a second, rubbing her upper arm, but then continues on her way. She's arm in arm with Vision, and they seem happy and relaxed. Good for them if they could find each other in this universe, too. Steve and he are walking against the flow, and at one point Steve looks back, then stops in his tracks with a bewildered expression. Curious, Tony turns around.
"Anytime."
"He called me Stark."
"Tony?" Steve sounds worried.
"Is she—" He wants to say “mine,” but it's too huge of a leap that he can't even voice it. No, it can't be.
"Well, shit." Tony takes his bite and chews as he thinks about what to do. "So I lean into it."
"Honey, I swear I'm going to take you
"Turns out, resentment is corrosive, and I hate it.”
When Carol begins the macarena, Tony jumps shoulder to shoulder with her. The beat barely fits, but it doesn’t matter and the synchronicity of it makes the Iantusians cheer them on. A few of the onlookers try it, and soon it's like a mid-nineties revival. All of this fun is tiring, though, so at one point Tony wants a break and points at Nebula to pass the torch for a dance-off. To his complete surprise and delight, she picks up the metaphorical gauntlet and begins doing a very good robot dance. It's a total hit, but Nebula clearly doesn't enjoy being the center of attention and quickly points at Carol, who starts miming catching a fish.
He's been walking for less than five minutes when he freezes. Something moved on his left, he's certain of it. Whatever it is, it's big, and Tony's heart is now hammering in his chest as he un-holsters his gun. The moon is bright, but the forest is still mostly shadows, and even if Tony strains his eyes, he can't see anything. Maybe it's nothing. It might have been a deer, as startled as he was and now long gone. Tony waits a moment more and starts moving again, listening with attention. That's when he realizes something that has been nagging at him since he entered the forest: it's way too quiet. There should be a background buzzing of insects and crickets, the shrill call of frogs, maybe an owl hooting. But there's only the sound of his own steps and, further, the echoes of the soldiers' campsite.
“Damn New York City traffic!”
Tony slips his tongue between Steve’s lips, claiming him his. They move in sync, with Steve shifting his hands down and under Tony’s shirt and Tony exposing Steve’s back as he still had his lips. “Faster baby.” Tony parts with Steve’s pink lips, licking his own and trying to free his legs to wrap around Steve’s waist. Steve keeps his words to himself like he’s been doing for a while but helps Tony out of his shirt, removing his quickly after and freeing Tony’s legs that come up around his hips right away. Tony barely tilts his head up before he meets Steve’s lips again,  soft and warm and tasting like home. As their kisses grow in need for each other and Tony’s hands wander to the glinting zipper of the soldier’s pants in the darkness, the rain streaked window becomes the only witness to what transpires after Tony slides Steve’s zipper down.
Tony was eager despite them engaging in similar activities earlier in the night. He took one of Steve’s hands and guided it to the belt holding his robe closed. Steve laughed that laugh of his that Tony ever heard in circumstances like this, but didn’t move to pull the robe open. He remained content with his hands resting so welcoming on Tony’s hips.
