"Hey, Tony?" Steve cleared his throat, trying to keep his smile when the inventor raised his head and gave a questioning look. "Will you go will me to the ball?" At the confused look that crosses Tony's face, Steven sighed how stupid he acted, of course in this time they don't use the word 'ball' anymore. "The Maria Stark Foundation," Steve explained, causing Tony to blink his eyes before he starts laughing.
I will answer all of your comments when I have time, so thanks for being patient!
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, violence, child abuse (Not by Steve or Tony) thoughts of abortion, assault, a triggering chapter so don't read the last part of it if you got triggered easily! All reviews are appreciated.
"Anthony!" Howard's snarl made Tony misstep and he nearly slides down the eaves, causing Tony to curse at how he just nearly fell but alerted Howard to his whereabouts. "So here you are." Sneer Howard when he finally leaned out of the window, only to see Tony, grasping into the wall behind him. "Just be a good boy, Tony, it doesn't have to end badly. If you come back home I promise I will let that small pest live." Howard said in a gentle voice, trying to soften Tony with the false promise of him letting his baby live.
“Pepper, I’m panicking,” Tony blurted out, cradling his cell phone between his cheek and shoulder. He was multi-tasking, working on a mindless upgrade to Ant-Man’s suit while Pepper had given him an update on the social media scandal. Pepper—brilliant, amazing Pepper—had taken care of any residual public relations issues and cleared the air.
Tony smirked, sipping more of his water. At this point it was obvious where this conversation and reunion was going. He should have expected as much from Ty—the man only ever had his own self-interest in mind when it came down to it. Despite his best attempts to appear selfless, in reality, Tiberius was a taker without abandon. And the majority of his life, Tony had not minded that his oldest and closest friend was a user because for the majority of his life he had plenty to give. But now, sitting across from Tiberius, Tony felt depleted—what did he have to give? He barely had enough emotional energy for himself. If Tiberius tried to leech off of him now, he would leave hungry—just as empty as Tony felt inside. And yet, Tony found himself leaning into the temptation Ty was slowly laying out before him.
“Thank you,” he said. “That’s not an easy thing to say. Or easy things to admit—especially not to the guy who killed your parents and then tried to kill you.”
think.
They got inside Tony’s room, locking the door behind them, and just as Tony was about to say something Steve’s lips brushed up against his—sweet and gentle. When he parted his lips, Steve’s warm breath filled his mouth and he deepened their kiss. One of Steve’s hands curved around the back of Tony’s neck and the other rested tenderly on his cheek, holding him carefully in place as the kiss continued.
“Tony,” Steve said, making his presence known. The other man nearly jumped several feet in the air as he spun to look at Steve, eyes wide, and heart pounding.
“Yeah, Tony?” he asked, not even slightly out of breath from sprinting over. God—Tony really envied that serum sometimes.
Steve bent down a bit, his nose rubbing against Tony’s.
Thank you so much to everyone who encourages me, leaves comments, and kudos! They are all a writers fuel. Please share this story with anyone you think would like it. Just a few more chapters to go! Woo hoo! It is all coming together.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I’m sure that’s it,” she added, her tone sarcastic and teasing. In moments like these Steve could smack her—she always knew more than she was ever willing to let on. But what could he expect from an assassin trained in discerning every detail about her targets? It was just never fun to be on the receiving end of those all-knowing eyes.
“Thank you for this conversation, Tony,” Steve said, stepping away from him and awkwardly stuffing his hands into his pajama pockets.
“You mean to tell me the hottest piece of ass in America isn’t getting laid?” Tony asked. “Well, we will absolutely have to solve that.”
“Sweetheart?” Tony raised his eyebrows.
You have the most beautiful eyes. They remind me of that one really sad Disney movie you showed me—Bambi? You have Bambi eyes. And your smile lights up my world.
But it is a slow-burn...so don't get too excited yet. ;)
They locked eyes, breathing heavily from their silly antics. Silence stretched out between them for what felt like forever—only the sound of their breathing filled the air. Tony thought he may be crazy, feeling the electricity crackling against every point of contact between their two bodies, but the hazy look in Steve’s eyes hinted that maybe he was feeling it too.
“Nat I just…” the words died in his throat.
“You two have come a long way in the last year. Team meetings are almost pleasant. Tony actually listens to some of your orders—hey, some is better than none and we were batting none for a long time there,” Nat laughed, thoroughly amused by the look that crossed Steve’s face when she said ‘Tony’ and ‘listen’ in the same breath.
Steve had already gotten excited as they drove into Brooklyn. The fact that Tony would plan their date in Brooklyn meant the world to him. But then they parked in front of a small local art gallery and Steve’s love for Tony grew bigger than he thought possible.
“And that’s when he turned around and tripped over the waiter, causing the shrimp cocktails to go flying everywhere,” Tony finished his story, grinning, as everyone around the dinner table laughed.
“So, all the Avengers are expected to go.”
Tony was sitting alone in the living room, mid-afternoon on a Tuesday, passively watching the local news when the story broke. It flashed across the television screen and simultaneously his phone’s notifications blew up—both from tags on social media and texts from concerned parties.
Steve quieted his teasing by capturing his lips in a soft, early morning kiss. Tony eagerly wrapped himself around Steve’s body, his hands getting tangled in that beautiful blonde hair, successfully distracted from his previous complaints. Just as the kiss started getting indecent, Friday’s voice broke them apart: “Boss, you have a Stark Industries meeting in an hour. Ms. Potts has included in this reminder that you must be there—or else.”
“Okay, that’s a lot of new information for us to take in, Steve,” she said. “Why didn’t you tell us before?”
“I don’t really care if it is,” he responded. “This is my home. My family. My business.”
“I couldn’t agree more,” Steve chimed in.
“What? I’m not lonely. I’ve got you guys.”
The fact that I’m still here, that I’m even marginally okay—Tony, that’s because of you.
“So, you wanna talk about that or?” Nat prodded, leaning in closer to keep their voices down. “I mean—you do know Bucky is my boyfriend, right?”
Happy Birthday, Tony.
Tony chuckled. “Apologies, I’m the one who made him read that in the first place.”
Nat was right—she always was, regrettably—if he just communicated his side of things clearly, then he could at least sleep at night knowing he did his best. He shot his shot. He will not have wasted the opportunity to try for the thing that he had wanted for as long as he could remember since waking up in this century.
“Alright fine—you’re no fun,” Tony replied, as the waiter walked away after taking their orders. “You never let me just relax. You always make me spill my guts right away.”
“You’re safe. It’s okay. It’s just me now.  Me and you, here, safe,” Steve said. Tony’s hyperventilating began to slow, but he could still feel his heart racing.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice rang out over the comms. He sounded like his usual Captain America self—calm, but incredibly serious, with a hint of worry that most people could never detect. But Tony knew Steve better than that by now. He could hear it.
“Oh god, Rhodey, instincts? Any time I am around Captain Handsome all of my past flirting and dating experience just evaporates—don’t give me that look, you know that’s his contact name in my phone. God—okay, you’re right. Yeah, sure. Instincts.”
“Don’t stand there looking like I’m some Southern Belle you just dropped off at her pa’s house, come in Steve,” Tony laughed, holding his suite door open for him to come in. Immediately after Steve had saved him from life draining investors Tony had asked to just go back to his room—uninterested in socializing further and leaving the fundraising up to Thor’s bulging biceps.
“God—yeah. Could probably outlast you and your serum,” Tony laughed. “Peter thinks I invite him over because I like him—jokes on him, I’m using him to tire Morgan out.”
Quick Author's Note: This chapter includes some Tony/Tiberius Stone. This will only happen in this chapter and is clearly a mistake that Tony makes. Essentially, yes, I am using Tiberius as a plot device.
Later that evening, Tony finally made his way out of bed and curled up on the large living room couch. The compound was relatively quiet and empty for a Friday night but Tony figured everyone probably wanted to get out for once especially since the last mission went so awry. The team deserved a break—knowing Nat, she likely convinced everyone to go out to a karaoke bar to blow off steam.
“Oh Cap, you and your 1940s politeness and respectability really are starting to get old at this point,” Tony teased, shooting Steve a sparkling smirk. “If I just hoarded away my money that would be both incredibly boring and selfish.”
They say we won—they didn’t say what we lost.
While on his run he was haunted by all the ways he failed Tony. The look on Tony’s face when he found out the truth of his parents’ deaths—when he found out Steve knew—it was forever seared in his mind.
“Tony,” Steve frowned.
“We heard,” Nat interjected, wincing. “We heard. All the way out here.”
“Yes, love bug?” Tony shouted back from inside the closet.
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose and groaned.
“Tony?”
Steve just laughed. “I’m not gonna apologize for looking at the most beautiful person in the world.”
Steve hid his face in his hands and groaned. He needed a break from Tony’s gaze—those beautiful, brilliant brown eyes bearing down onto him—he just needed a second of respite. The way Tony looked at him made his stomach twist and turn into knots. It was thrilling and terrifying.
He knew it was illogical—especially since Tony said he loved him too just the night before—but somehow it was scarier to think you might lose something you now have. He also knew that Tony was significantly more humble, gracious, and simple than people assumed him to be. The man preferred Burger King over steak, grease stained jeans and a ratty band tee over a tailored suit, and crappy homemade coffee over a fancy latte. Steve was too in his head about this—he knew all of this—but anxiety rarely listened to reason, even if the reason was clear.
“You really think so?”
“Yeah, that sounds like me,” he resigned.
“Yeah, yeah, okay,” Tony mumbled, willing away the tears that welled up in his eyes.
She spun around in his arms, wearing a mischievous grin, and cupped his face in her hands. “There is a 98.7% probability that Steve will walk Tony to his room at the end of the night. Because Steve is a gentleman and cannot help himself—and especially will not be able to help himself after seeing Tony in the red button-up I bought him to wear tonight.”
His eyes wandered back over to Tony across the room—he was mid-conversation with about four other suits who looked ready to devour him whole. And all Steve could think about were Tony’s words back in his workshop about hating all of this performative bullshit and the leeches that showed up for it. If Nat had not taken the drink of out his hand it would have shattered as his grip tightened.
“Well, Stark Industries asked all the Avengers to be there. So, yeah?”
“You’re not only the most capable leader I have ever met—you’re a talented artist, a kind heart, and a sarcastic asshole with a hilarious sense of humor—another thing I know about,” Tony continued. As he rambled on he stepped closer and closer to Steve. “But you look in the mirror and see none of that. And you know what Steve? It sort of breaks my heart. It breaks my heart that the best person on this planet doesn’t get it.”
“It’s okay Tony—I’m here,” Steve said, reaching out to touch Tony’s arms carefully. “Let’s get you back to bed, okay?”
“Sam, you’re not helping,” Steve groaned.
Crunch.
“I know.” Tony smirked, far too pleased with himself but Peter didn’t seem to mind. God, he loved this kid.
Bucky’s heart could damn well burst right then and there from the amount of love that surged inside of him at the sight of Natasha and her perfect smile. She was everything to him. He was beyond grateful to have found her—someone who understood every single intricacy of who he was, what he had been through—and loved him anyway. Sure, sometimes they fought like hell, but at the root of everything between them was a deep, mutual respect and care for one another.
“Yeah,” Tony conceded. He flopped back onto his pillows and rolled to the side. “M’tired.”
Tony was on anxiety medication for a reason. Between PTSD and the chemical defects in his mind—medication was an absolute must. But even with the regulation his medicine provided, nothing was a cure all. In his worst moments, Tony still spiraled down anxious trains of thoughts and got lost in them. It just so happened that any romantic topic was something he was extremely susceptible to become anxious.
Tony struggled to regain his composure, but he managed to stand up and give Steve a salute. “Lead the way, Captain.”
Steve ducked his head and turned his back to the kitchen, hiding the scarlet blush sweeping across his pale skin. He used it as an excuse to start setting the table, as if that had been his plan all along. He was used to Tony’s flirtatious comments—hell, he had been making them from the second they met all those years ago—something about how spry he had been—why did he remember that detail this many years later?
“Yeah, yeah. I know. And if you meant it, you’d be working on upgrades to my suit instead of Nat’s equipment.”
“No,” Nat burst into laughter. “But this is some rom-com bullshit, that’s for sure.”
“Sei così bello,” he whispered.
“Let May know you’re staying here tonight, okay?”
Steve stood there, just inside the room, still as a statue and unsure of how to proceed. Tony had invited him in, but not made it clear why or if there was any point beyond saying thank you. Maybe he should just leave now that was done with.
“You need me to show you the way out, buddy?” Steve asked, stepping closer to Ty while standing as tall as he could. Suddenly, the width of his shoulders and the bulk of his muscles was beyond intimidating.
“Aw Nat—you know I love her so much. And I don’t have this one yet—how did you know?”
She stared at him with big, brown eyes, looking like young Bambi—full of innocence and energy. Steve’s smile grew as he looked down at her. “What?”
“For god’s sake, you had a Captain America poster up in your dorm room. When you met Steve in 2012 you wouldn’t shut up about him for months. And I watched you damn near drink yourself into an early grave after Siberia—you’ve loved the man for decades. Just go kiss him and fall into bed together, already.”
“Tony, I know it can be hard to share how you’re doing or what brought you here. But at the end of the day you are only going to get out of this what you put into it. If you put nothing into it, you get nothing. And I know you’re not the type of man that wants to waste his time.”
Thank you everyone who has been reading along and cheering me on. And I'm sorry I keep hurting Tony, either emotionally or physically. I promise his recovery from this injury is going to be really easy, but mentally he is going to have some bumps in the road. To make it up to you, I promise lots of cute and soft SteveTony moments in the next chapter.
“You wanted to talk?” Steve initiated, unable to cope with the intensity of the atmosphere. He was tired of avoiding these conversations with Tony.
“Thanks Buck,” Steve replied, resigning himself to not arguing further. Even though he was not convinced, he knew it was a futile effort with Bucky. “I appreciate the perspective.”
“Tony—you know that’s not an option,” Steve said, but his voice lacked authority.
Nat could read his self-loathing a mile away. It was a devastating feeling that she was too familiar with herself. Her heart broke to see Tony like this—one of the most admirable, kind, and brilliant men she had ever met—so deep in a pit of self-hatred.
Steve was off in the distance holding Morgan by the hands and spinning her around in circles. Tony and Peter could hear her giggles and his laughter all the way across the park they were having a picnic in.
“Wait—what?”
“Friday, scan the room for any—“
“You’re beautiful, Steve Rogers,” Tony said, smiling up at him as their naked bodies finally slotted together. “And that blush only makes you more so.”
“Tony, don’t worry about it,” Steve reassured. “I’ll help you get to your room, okay?”
Tony, I am deeply sorry for everything that has gone wrong between us, but I don’t want anything more to go wrong. I want to fix this. I want to see what we can be if we are honest with ourselves.
So that was that.
Steve laid awake all night with his ears eagerly listening for Tony. He knew it was not his responsibility to keep Tony away from the bar cart in the kitchen, but he felt the need to try. Plus, someone would probably need to restrain Tony’s drunken rage when he discovered Nat had removed all the alcohol and hidden it away.
“I’d say I would rather be dead, but I’m so high on these pain meds, I think I like this better,” he laughed. As he tried adjusting in bed to get a better look at her pain jolted through his left side. Tony let out a yelp and Natasha was at his side, hovering over him, and pushing him flat on his back.
Tony threw the screwdriver in his hand against the wall. Whenever his train of thought ran wild he was prone to having temper tantrums. He hated that habit, but never bothered to put much effort into stopping. What could he say? Sometimes it felt good to throw things.
Steve paced back and forth for several moments—the anxious energy buzzing throughout his body and preventing him from focusing. Finally, he plopped himself down on the edge of Bucky’s bed and fidgeted with his hands in his lap. When he looked up, Bucky had resorted to leaning against the wall with his arms crossed—patiently waiting.
“He’s right, Tony. I’m not mad about the alcohol,” Nat chimed in. “Tiberius, on the other hand.”
Several hours had passed since Tony ran out of the living room to his safe hideaway, but he had not gotten anything done in that time. Normally, he would use his anxious energy to work on a project but the panic had been too overwhelming this time. Instead, he had resigned himself to laying on the couch in his workshop and tossing a tennis ball against the wall repeatedly.
“Hey man, it is really creepy the way you just keep standing there staring at the back of my head. So are you going to come in or not?” he drawled, snapping the book shut in his lap and turning to raise an eyebrow at Tony.
“Alright, you don’t want to talk about it, I get it. But you don’t want to talk about most things these days, Steve. You’re lost in that head of yours more than I’ve ever seen.”
She dropped her hand away from his mouth now that he was attentively listening and not interrupting for once. Pepper turned more towards him and took his hands in hers.
“A run, from the other trails on the other side of the compound,” Sam replied. “See? We might as well have run together anyway.”
“Hey Tony,” Steve touched his arm as he walked by, causing him to pause and turn around. “Let me walk you to your room?”
“If you had to make an educated guess,” Rhodey started, sipping his coffee, looking suspicious.
“Thanks Nat, you always know what to say. Really. I don’t know how you do it,” he chuckled.
Pepper and Morgan had moved into the penthouse a couple weeks ago to be given some space during the divorce. And so that it would be easier for Pepper to balance work and Morgan, without a long commute getting in the way. It had seemed like the perfect solution at the time.
"I will leave you two to talk, shout if you need anything," Natasha stated before giving them a nod, leaving the living room as she disappeared to God knows were; the living room was silent after Natasha left, leaving the two men festering in the awkwardness before Bucky finally decided to be the brave one and break the silence.
"I came to wake you up." The Alpha said with gritted teeth as he saw the Omega hide the chain under his shirt while still keeping his glare up, and Starkad didn't even know why the Omega acted like a wild beast just for a silver chain, though his words made the Omega growl at him and pushed him away as he stood up, making the Alpha growl at that and stand from his kneeling position while keeping his glare.
"Please, Tony! You are wasting your life, weren't you the one who always talked about wanting to be recognized, this child is going to ruin your life." Howard plea with him, making Tony sigh and wipe his mouth, looking at his father with such a disappointment look that made Howard swallow and look at his son's tired eyes.
It made Tony concern, the way his baby was acting, it nearly made Tony kick his own butt; his boy has obviously had a trauma because of what happened with the Scarlet Witch, but Tony was too busy because of the near world's domination to pay attention to his own boy until it was too late.
Natasha pressed her lips tightly as she looked at the lake, her eyes going distant as if she was lost in some memory before she blinked, clearing her throat, her eyes gazing at the lake with a soft look. "You know… I was a kid when I came here? A foolish nine years old whose immigrant parents sold her to the highest bidder as a child bride." Tony tensed as he heard these words, a gasp trapped between his lips refusing to be let out. "I didn't know much, only broken English and that I was going to live in hell so different than Russia but still the same. Maybe that was the reason why when my
Steve never knew who he was… but he knows it was the reason why everyone around him was dying a little bit every day on the inside…
From that time on, Stane didn't enter the room if one of his minions wasn't with him, Tony always fought… always, he wouldn't let that crazy fucker touch him, he may be an Omega but he won't lower his head for any Alpha, the only thing he was thankful for that Stane didn't use his Alpha voice to on him, only a truly demon would do that, Alphas' instincts wouldn't let them hurt Omegas… but some were demons and nothing can stop them…
"Fuck you, asshole!" Steve screamed, the tears he held ever since the call was finally running down his face, he couldn't help it, feeling pained and betrayed that his husband was not only rubbing it in his face that he cheated on him, but thinks so little of him that he implied Steve cheating on him was the reason his husband did it; yes, Steve admits that he was overreacting to his husband kissing Pepper Potts, but did his husband really not realize the way he acted around Steve and how Howard was probably shoving Tony toward Pepper? Howard has no care in the word what Tony did with Steve as long as he ended up marrying Pepper Potts; the older Alpha made it clear to Steve the first time he met him, calling their marriage '
“Okay, I’m sorry,” Tony relents, holding up his hands briefly in a gesture of capitulation. “Talk to me, sweetheart. I do really want to know what’s going on.”
tell me what is going on.”
“What makes you think it’s a kink?” Steve asks defensively, and
Steve pauses where his fingers are gently combing through Tony’s hair. “How do you mean?”
Steve stops there, but Tony can tell that he’s not completely finished. “Is there more?” he asks. Steve nods, but still doesn’t say anything, so Tony stresses, “I promise you can tell me anything, sweetheart. I won’t ever judge. Chances are I’ll probably like what you have to say, considering our track record.”
Before he responds, Tony brings his hand up to nudge Steve’s, encouraging him to continue petting Tony. “If I’m the sugar daddy in this scenario, I should be the one… you know. Doing the daddy stuff.”
“Listen, I’m more than willing to explore this with you, but I have to say, I’ve never been the daddy in this situation, and-“
want to be able to give you things you need.”
“C’mon, Rogers, time to get up. We’re going shopping.”
Steve levels Tony with a blank stare. “You want to know so you can make fun of me after I tell you?”
“Me too, tiger. Now, I have two ideas for tonight. We could get cleaned up and go out to the fancy seafood restaurant of my choice, or order takeout and lay on the couch in our sweats catching up on the reality television show of your choice.”
“Hey, don’t talk about my Steve like that,” Tony quips, and the tension in the other man’s shoulders begins to drain immediately. “I’m serious. It’s not bad to want things. You work so hard. You treat me so well. You deserve everything you want.”
Steve grumbles and tries his damndest to bury himself further into bed.
With an armful of suits, sweaters, and possibly the most expensive oil paints that can be found in the State of New York, Steve and Tony return home ready to go directly to bed.
“Are you telling me you… You want me to blow you?”
“What? I’m serious, Steve.”
“I know, I know. But the…” Steve grimaces and continues, “The
“Since when did you become the boss?”
Steve just blushes, and damn if that isn’t endearing as all hell. “Forget it, Tony.”
Steve seems to consider his options. “I better take it easy tonight if I’m going to break in those shoes tomorrow morning.”
he is for the gifts.
Tony trails his fingers down the other man’s chest, wearing a positively mischievous smile. “I recall mention of a blowjob.”
three scripted fights.”
That thing in the pit of Tony’s stomach tightened and the longer he stared at Steve the more aware he became of how this was turning him on. Steve had gone out of his way to confront Tiberius—the bane of Tony’s existence—and did it to protect him. Tony swallowed hard—also realizing that now that he was sitting up there was less space between his body and Steve’s. In fact, only one of them would have to lean a little forward to close the space between them. His heart was beating in his ears and everything in him wanted to feel Steve’s plush lips against his own, but the fear of rejection swiftly settled in and pulled him down. Tony scooted back on the couch a smidgen and reached for the plate of food Steve brought him. He took a bite.
“Right—yeah, sorry. I just—Pepper, I feel bad about something, okay? And I’m afraid to even talk about it with you, but you’re the one I need to talk to about it,” Tony whined.
“I know his dad had a problem with alcohol and Tony’s had his struggles in the past too, but I didn’t expect this—not now,” Bruce sighed. “I guess it goes to show it doesn’t matter what good things in your life you have that are worth fighting for—sometimes the depression inside you eats that all away from your mind.”
I love your comments and support so much! Love ya!
“You know, I seem to remember you looking really hot in your suit earlier,” he flirted.
“Right, we are” Bucky replied dryly.
“Petey said there’s a meteor shower tonight! And that if we went up on that hill over there,” she stuck out a tiny finger to point at the top of the walking trail to their left. “We could see it really nice!”
What happens when the feelings that have been on the periphery of Tony's mind can no longer be ignored?
“Well, you know, I am trained to understand people to a deeply intimate degree.”
But now, a decade after meeting Steve Rogers for the first time, Tony saw his denial evaporating before his eyes. His marriage with Pepper was over and it was as amicable as it could be. They had committed to co-parenting together and their friendship was miraculously intact. He was freshly single, for the first time in years, and he had even felt guilt about sleeping with Ty. Though, when thinking really hard about it, the only place he could trace his guilt to was the devastated look on Steve’s face when he had seen him the morning after.
She popped up from behind the large gray couch in the far corner. The scene felt all too familiar to the attack at the Miami house. Pepper was covered in soot, blood, and sweat. He was at her side in an instant, steadying her, and scanning her for any serious injuries. Thank god there were none.
“I had no idea,” he whispered. Bucky’s comments about Steve made him preen and he desperately wanted to follow him down that line of thinking, his ego was practically screaming for it—he knew that was not why he was here. He made a mental note to explore that later. “Barnes, as much as I would love to hear all the ways Rogers sings my praises, that’s not why I’m here.”
The vibrant flush that crossed Steve’s cheeks earned a smug smirk in return from Tony.
Tony had only been up in the penthouse for a handful of seconds—they could hear his bickering with Pepper over the comms—and thankfully Steve had captured Carol’s attention before she was all the way up top. He knew Carol was giving Tony just a bit of space to assess the situation of his home and family and it had worked out to his benefit as well.
Thank you to everyone who has supported me on this journey. It means the world to me. I hope you enjoyed it! I definitely poured bits of myself into this fic. And it is the first multi-chapter fic I have ever written or tried to write. I learned a lot during this process. Please continue to give it love and share it with any other SteveTony fans out there. I love you all. <3
Tiberius Stone was going to pay for this mistake.
“You’re tense,” Tony finally acknowledged after a few minutes of silent driving.
“You should always expect a maniac to attack you while you are peacefully at home! Have you learned nothing from dating me?!” Tony shrieked.
Tony scoffed.
“What do you mean?” Thor asked, looking at Steve and then Tony, both of whom were sporting vibrant blushes on their cheeks.
He did not have the energy to be angry about it.
Tony smiled weakly and took the paper towels, wiping his face clean before tossing it in the trash can a few feet away.
Sitting back in his chair, willing to anxiety away with every fiber of his being, he sucked in a big breath of air. His pulse was pounding in his throat. His hands were sweating profusely.
“No, do not feel bad,” Thor reassured, smiling at Steve and swallowing down his emotions. “What was your mother like?”
“You’re not getting any protest from me,” Nat happily announced. When Bucky raised his eyebrows at her skeptically, she said, “What? I love a good Christmas party. What’s not to love? Presents, cookies, spending quality time together.”
The next couple of hours were filled with Steve giving Morgan countless piggy-back rides and swinging her around. At some point Nat and Wanda left, but Tony was not sure when, because he was entirely captivated by watching Steve play with his daughter. Their bond was instantaneous and natural, despite Steve having only seen Morgan a few times prior.
“Alright—listen up. My entire life Steve, I have sat back and watched time and time again how you make yourself out to be unworthy of the affection of whoever you’ve got feelings for at the time,” Bucky was pointing a finger in Steve’s face, continuing, “And I’m sick of someone talking about my best friend that way. You think everyone is better than you. You think Tony and his fancy gadgets and futuristic mindset are all too good for you. But you’re wrong, Steve. Sure, you two are different in a lot of ways—you’re something old, he’s something new,” Bucky explained, entirely too pleased with himself for the joke.
“Nat, you know I can’t get drunk.”
And then it hit. Maybe asking Tony to the gala was a bad idea. And then it hit Steve harder—of course it was a bad idea. How had he ever considered it otherwise? Not only were they teammates that just recently began to be able to stay in the same room for longer than a minute, but Steve could not compare to Pepper.
“God—I hope not. Don’t say things like that,” Peter replied, mortified.
“Well, we are glad you’ve agreed! Sam and I did our due diligence and already checked in with some other members of the team. Sadly, besides us here in the room, Thor and Bruce are the only two who will be able to make it—everyone else either has plans or off-world duties,” Scott was vibrating with excitement, the human embodiment of a puppy being presented with new toys. “We can’t wait! Tomorrow night—we decorate the Christmas tree we have coming in. Be there or be square!”
Steve looked at her with wide eyes and an open mouth, having just been interrupted mid-sentence. “What?” he gaped.
“Yeah,” he replied, taking in a deep breath, and coating his fingers in lube. Tony stopped stroking them to give Steve the opportunity to focus on the task at hand. Carefully, he inserted one finger into Tony’s heat causing him to erupt into sounds of pleasure.
“Y-yeah, yeah,” Steve nodded, managing a small smile before letting out another moan.
He stared up at the ceiling—the pounding in his head paled in comparison to the hurt in his heart.  The problems in his life seemed to have endless layers—and each day he was peeling back another layer and learning something new about the root cause of it all.
Bucky held up the book—it was an older edition of The Hobbit. “Steve won’t shut up about this book and refuses to let up on me until I read it. I guess I finally gave in because he’s the most annoying little brat sometimes.”
“That was an amazing story, Tony,” Scott added in, looking as enamored as ever, as if he still did not believe he belonged at this table with all his heroes.
“Of course I accept your apologies, Tony. I just wish we could have talked about this sooner—years ago,” Steve said, casting his eyes down to the floor, the guilt crumbling on top of him.
“I’ll teach you to twist his arm behind his back later,” Nat offered.
Tony decided the best thing to do the next morning was go to extreme lengths to avoid everyone in the compound. Thankfully, Friday could serve as his eyes and assist in making sure he did not cross paths with anyone.
“Don’t worry, I’m here,” he said, smirking.
She was surprised no one else noticed the significant increase in the touching between the two men. Or, if they did, they were staying alarmingly silent about it. The Avengers team were well known for gossiping among each other. The radio silence about the obvious touchy feely interactions between Steve and Tony must have meant only she had noticed. It was likely everyone had expected this to happen ages ago—because honestly there was a running bet between the Avengers about when, how, and who would initiate between the two—that the new touching felt natural.
“Rhodey-bear, whatever do you mean?” Tony hummed, picking up a screwdriver and mindlessly tightening a bolt on his repulsor prototype.
When they got home they changed into pajamas before planting themselves on the living room couch. Just as Steve returned to the room with a cup of tea for Tony, Nat, Sam, Bucky, Rhodey and Thor came bumbling in from the gala.
“Thanks,” Tony said, his voice wavering. He did not deserve the kindness Steve was showing him.
The next two weeks dragged on by as everyone did their best to secretly purchase presents for their Secret Santa. Tony and Steve continued a delicate dance around each other after their intense moment on the couch. For the most part they effectively avoided one another—but when that was not an option, they shared knowing glances and seemed to be physically drawn towards each other. They exchanged soft touches on the arms, shoulders, and always ended up sitting side by side on the couch during Family Time.
“Yes,” he finally replied, fluffing up the newspaper to hide his eyes.
“So what’s on your mind?” Sam asked, raising a dubious eyebrow in Steve’s direction.
“I’m going to pretend you didn’t say that,” Steve replied, wincing a bit.
“I’ll admit, you’ve outdone my present,” Steve chuckled awkwardly as he stood up to hand Tony his gift. The present was a large square and relatively flat, wrapped in shiny red paper and glittery gold ribbon. The homage to Iron Man made Tony smile.
“Tony, who says you can’t have all of it? Almost every parent has to find a way to balance the various aspects of their lives. And it is important to note not every marriage works out and that is okay. Divorce can be a very healthy thing. It is probably better your daughter’s parents are separate and happy, instead of still married, but miserable. She doesn’t need to grow up in an environment like that,” Adam responded. Tony hadn’t seen Adam openly respond to any other participant like this before and he assumed it was because the idea of two unhappy parents raising a child struck a chord with him.
“Tony?” Steve’s voice cut through the sound of his own tears.
Tony groaned. Well—that wasn’t a good sign.
Steve nudged him back. “I have managed to get away with many evil schemes thanks to my charming good looks.”
“We should get going,” Tony sighed. “They close soon and I don’t want to impose.”
“I think it’s time we move this party out of my doorway, Cap,” Tony stuttered out. But instead of a response, Tony felt himself get lifted up off the ground and he promptly responded by wrapping his legs around Steve’s waist. It was astounding how easily Steve walked them over to Tony’s king sized bed—it literally took him zero effort and that was even more of a turn on than he anticipated.
Steve stopped in his tracks, letting his knees giving out, and fell to the ground.
Natasha was the one who immediately noticed the difference. However, this time, she decided to keep it to herself and observe from the sidelines. Both Tony and Steve knew they could come to her if they needed to and it was not her job to check in on them every single time something in the air shifted.
“Pepper—no, it is my fault you were in harm’s way—I’m so sorry. I ruined our marriage—our family—and then suggested you move there and put you right in the middle of a beacon for terrorism—I’m so sorry—“
He asked himself—frustrated. Frozen, in place, about five feet away from Steve’s bedroom door.
“I know I just—I guess I want to fix this on my own. I don’t like being dependent on other people. And I don’t want to be a burden—with my bullshit, my mistakes—I know this is a disease and I shouldn’t be as mad at myself as I am—but I am.”
Tony, unlike Steve, ripped into the paper without hesitation. The tension in the air was overwhelming and he wanted to dispel it—everyone’s eyes were still eagerly watching them and it made him feel suffocated. The sooner this bit was over, the better.
He wrapped Tony’s arm around his neck and carefully propped him up as they started walking towards his room. Tony was limping slightly, but with each step it felt easier to put weight on his leg. Thankfully, it looked like he would not need extensive physical therapy and instead more physical activity daily would suffice.
Steve nodded, looking down at his hands in his lap.
“The fact that something has clearly happened between Steve and Tony, but no one has said anything about it,” Natasha sighed.
“I forgot,” he murmured.
Nat bat her eyelashes up at him. He rolled his eyes.
“Oh, you know—Harry Potter,” but when Steve looked confused, Tony startled. “Wait—how have I not shown you this yet? You haven’t seen any of the Harry Potters?!”
“Over a decade, actually,” Tiberius mused.
Steve, the man who had a plan for everything, was stuck staring at Tony’s phone on the floor across the room. He was lost in thought, too deep in his own scheming to delegate what the other two should be doing right now. Nat could see his wheels turning, but left him to it for fear of interrupting a genius plan being created.
Steve stared at him challengingly and Tony burst into laughter.
“I was worried daddy!” she whined, squeezing him.
“Hi Tony,” the group leader started.
“Nonsense, Captain. I only share when the time is right!”
Tony reached up and cupped Steve’s face in his hands and their lips met.
“No, we’re not,” Steve said sternly, frowning at Sam.
He could not deny the beauty of being surrounded by his found family—the room full of laughter and comfort. This was one of those rare moments they all slowed down and were able to be themselves—not the Avengers. And yet they were both at the same time—a family who would fight to the death to protect one another.
she thought.
“What happened between us—Siberia, Bucky, the Accords—that’s never healed. Not really. Not properly. Sometimes—sometimes I wake up in a panic because I feel your shield slamming into my chest again. I don’t say that to upset you, Steve, but. I’ve got to be honest—of all the people in my life, I truly never expected that to happen between us. Not us. Never us. But then it was us—it did happen. And I don’t think I’ve ever found my footing again since then.”
When the quinjet had landed in the streets under the Tower, Bucky and Nat hopped out quickly and went to work on the dozens of bots before them. Steve watched for a brief second as the bots essentially crumbled under his friends’ touch. The sight made his stomach churn.
By three in the morning Tony was tucked under Steve’s arm, snoring softly, and most of the room was also asleep. Bucky and Thor were the only ones still watching the television. Steve gently shook Tony awake and the way his hair was sticking up everywhere like a toddler in the morning was adorable. He chuckled.
Unsurprisingly, it does not take Steve and his dexterous fingers long to work Tony open. Once he does, Tony reaches a wobbly hand down and lubes up Steve’s erection. They pause briefly, making eye contact—feeling the magnitude of this moment between the two of them. Tony could swear he heard both of their heartbeats thudding away.
“Oh—and one other thing—if you hurt him,” Rhodey didn’t bother continuing, he just raised his eyebrows at Steve and crossed his arms.
“Alright Cap, who did you get?” Tony asked, peering over the man’s broad shoulders after everyone had finished drawing names for Secret Santa and went their separate ways. Steve yanked his paper away from Tony’s view and leaned away, laughing.
“God,” Tony breathed out.
“Maybe instead of focusing on what went wrong, try and think about how he’s still here? And he’s going to be more than okay. Dr. Cho’s regeneration technology with Bruce at the helm will have him back to tip-top shape way sooner than he deserves for that reckless stunt.”
Massive attack right outside the Avengers Tower.
“Pepper—god, where is your Rescue armor?” he asked, scolding, but also trying to find viable solutions.
Tony grunted in response and Pepper laughed at him, learning forward to kiss his cheek. “it will be okay.”
The look Steve gave him was so intense it made his heart and stomach tangle together in the middle of his chest. It was a shared glance simultaneously full of genuine gratitude and something much deeper and far more complicated that Tony was able to process in this instant.
“Oh,” Thor mused. “So it is true. You have it for our very own Man of Iron. You know, I suspected, some years ago, when you two had that falling out while I was away. I have not known just friends to fall apart so violently.”
“Yeah—I just…have to go,” he sputtered.
The fear he felt coursing throughout his body was unparalleled to anything he had ever felt before. This was all his fault—Pepper and Morgan wouldn’t be in the Tower if it weren’t for the divorce—which was all his fault, too. In an attempt to make things better he had only put their lives at risk—he should have seen this coming. If it wasn’t going to be Zeke Stane, it could have literally been anyone else. The Avengers Tower was a giant beacon in the middle of New York that practically begged for attention—and usually not the good kind.
“Lots,” was his short reply.
Finally, Tony jolted upright, his eyes wide and curious, looking at Steve in confusion. Something in the pit of his stomach rolled when he saw just how gorgeous Steve looked in this moment—black bomber jacket still on, hair a little messy, and that unspeakable softness in his eyes again. It seemed like eternity for Tony to collect his thoughts and actually say anything out loud.
As Steve shut the door to Tony’s suite behind them, Tony spun around with a new wakefulness from the walk back. Steve raised his eyebrows when he saw the smirk on Tony’s lips.
She wrapped her arm around his shoulders for reassurance.
A distraction.
but you’re not exactly in a position to cast your friends to the side right now,” Nat said, invoking a far more serious tone.
“Hey—Tony, it’s okay,” she said, voice steady and soothing. “I’ve told you, you can always talk to me about anything. We are still friends—I will always be here for you.”
“Billionaire,” Tony snidely corrected. “And I think that’s stupid because I funnel money into all of your bank accounts anyway.”
This chapter is dedicated to the lovely @Nan_Yelo on Twitter. My Winghead. My idea partner. Thank you for all your support.
He swallowed the unpleasant feeling that bubbled up in his throat.
Of course she knew. He let out another shaky breath and she withdrew her hands from his face, sitting back on her heels in front of him. When he opened his eyes the intensity of her gaze made him want to flinch away. But he didn’t.
Steve drifted off into reminiscing back to when the Avengers had first formed and all the volatile ways he and Tony had argued then. Tony had a severe refusal to listen to any orders—not that much had changed in that department—and it had been Steve’s role to give the orders. Each mission Tony bristled and balked at any commands Steve hurled his way. They wasted countless minutes arguing over the validity of Steve’s call and whether or not Tony’s solutions were viable. Now, reflecting back on those times, Steve had the humility to admit that often Tony had found a better solution. But in the heat of the moment he had always been too proud to relinquish control, even if it was a literal genius he had been arguing with.
All of that to say—reporters uncovering less than ideal news stories about his life was routine by this point. However, for the last seven years he had led a relatively tame life and stories with his name in them were generally positive. The last clickbait tagline he could remember about his life had to do with his marriage to Pepper ending—but all the information inside was speculation. Married life and having a child had calmed down his antics, thus leaving him out of most news cycles.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, a little bit of sadness, fluffy fluff! Peter being a precious bean, hurt/comfort, and Tony is a sweetheart! With a present at the end! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
This would continue until Tony finished his work and go to prepare dinner, or until the kids come knocking on the workshop's door, wanting to be let in, either snoop and play (Again, Peter) or to learn and ask many questions that Tony was happy to answer (Harley, which seemed to be a little genius in the making) it's only after dinner that everyone finally calms down, either playing or watching movies before Steve finally call them, which the four of them would spend the next half hour talking with Steve and telling each other about their day. Their days always ended with Steve telling them
"Mr. Rogers." Tony nods giving the sleeping pup to his father, and as much as the Omega didn't want he had to pray the pup's hands away from his shirt. Which made the Alpha pause a little and maneuvering the pup until the pup snuggle into him hiding his face in Steve's neck and purr happily.
"I think I gave your family a heart attack." Steve stated dryly, gaining a snort from Tony who was too drained to give anything but that noise. Tony leads Steve until he reached the room he planned on giving to Steve; Tony gave the star a tired smile as he opened the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What do I seek from the person who protects the earth from Thanos and his minions, I wonder?" Steve said mockingly which made Odin frown at the disrespect he was seeing. "Maybe it's to talk with him about him being brainwash by the mind stone, or maybe it's about the torture Thanos made him go through, or maybe him leaving the Avengers hints and clues so they will be able to defeat him and save the earth despite being brainwashed in the first place." Steven said in a snippy tone which made the room become tense with every word he said, especially the Avengers who start looking at one another, trying to recall what took a place in New York battle, becoming a little numb at the realization that Steven's words were true, and Clint had to contain his flinch at the mention of mind control, because he still remembers the pain and fear as he helplessly fought with Natasha and Phil, with no control over his body and thoughts.
"There is a lot that you do not know about me, foolish king." The Omega said as he took another sip, and the only reason that the Alpha did not snap at the Omega for his disrespect was the tired tone the Omega spoke in, it made the Alpha pause and take in the Omega, wondering what took a place for the Omega to not snap at the Alpha with fire in his words like he always does. "I am not working tomorrow…" Steven said after a while of silence, his words made the Alpha raise his head to look at him once more a frown painting the Alpha's face at his words
Tony tried to keep smiling as he banished the dark thoughts taking over his mind; he hummed to himself as he raised his hand running the tip of his fingers over Steve's face, under his eyes, the bridge of his nose, his lips… Tony couldn't help but become enchanted with the glow Steve was emitting; the glow was brighter, it was warm, and it was… it made Tony feel safe and happy, calmness taking over him as he gazed at the diving being in front of him.
The creature though, paused when he saw the sleeping man curled up in the porch swing, which made the creature's breath clouding the air in short, shallow gasps, and the creature straightens up and changed his destination to the sleeping man. The creature looked a completely human with the narrow waist and broad chest, its arms taut and muscular the same could be said for the legs that were covered in dark pants, its hands and legs black with mud. But what set him apart was the flare of shadowy tentacles that appear and disappear every time the lights fell on them, they were thick and dark and sleek. They wind along the grass, as they helped the man stand up, tapping against the stones around the fire pit, and curling around the creature's legs.
Tony Stark…
Not a lot of creepiness in this chapter but hopefully the next will ;)
"Rise…" Odin ordered in a booming voice which made all of the Avengers stand up and look at the man/king/God? "As you all know the reason I summon you here, is because of the traveler and the ominous news he bought with him from his universe." Odin started turning his face to Steven as he said those words, making Steven raise his head higher at that. "Tell us son of Sarah, what have you witness in your universe?" Odin said which made Steven narrow his eyes at the old man.
Meanwhile, Thanos has been planning to capture Steven, ever since he knew about him finally returning to this universe, but the thing was, he never really knows what Steven was reborn as and what he was, he just knows that Steven was here and he has to find him. because of that, Thanos made his move way too early, now instead of the eight years the Avengers had to stop Thanos, they only have a few short months before he comes to earth to collect the infinity stones.
The next day Steven couldn't even make his babe stay still in one place too long, the poor pup was over the moon when he learned that they were going to see Margaret and everyone else that he nearly ran out of the house if Steven hadn't stopped him, but the Omega can't fault the small boy, after all, he was feeling the same, he too wanted to run toward where his friends were, but may it be, they are to wait for someone to come and take them to the place his friends were staying.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve could only give a sad sigh as he continued with his way to Peter's room. Tonight was Christmas eve, and tomorrow was Christmas Day, the day that Steve promised his baby that his father will return home; Peter was so happy when he heard the news, he remembered Peter not having a nightmare that night, too excited with the thought of his father returning home after so long for something to dampen the mood.
"Steve!" Tony's panicked voice coming behind him, made Steve blink; his hands were still holding Peter's small one in his, but even if he wasn't holding his pup's hand, he won't turn his gaze toward the Alpha panting for dear life, he couldn't face him after this, he should have known that Tony, no matter how many promises he gives him, he couldn't follow through them.
for Serpentine to do just that and haunt whoever comes to his birthday party, he will adore her for doing
God, how much does Steve wanted to share this happy moment with his husband, but the problem is, his Alpha wasn't with him, his husband thinks that his job is more important than him and the baby if today was anything to go by, just thinking about that caused Steve to sobs even louder and he tried to calm himself down, looking at the doctor who was gazing at him with a worried look on her face. "Can I… can I please have this picture printed?" Steve asked as he wiped his tears off, trying to calm himself down.
"Who wants an ice-cream?" Steve asked with a mischievous smile, causing Tony to narrow his eyes at the sparkling look in his Alpha's eyes; Steve's question was answered with an excited chirp (Peter) and a shy raise of hand (Harley). "OK, come on Pete, I can't carry all the ice-cream alone." Steve smiled, pulling Peter away before the boy can even give a sound of protest at his father's words.
But she wondered why the king became soft this sudden as to take the Omega and his people as their slaves when the Alpha himself hates the idea of strangers in his village… a stolen relic… if the Omega was one of their people than Nattalegg would understand why the king wanted to retrieve what was stolen from them, be it an Omega from their people or gold, but if that was true then the king would have ordered her to get the information from the Omega, to know from where he was, to know if he was a traitor or a prize, to know what his end goals were, but the king didn't do that, he just took the Omega and throw him into the cell, by himself! She knows that he at least gave the guard a heart failure when he saw the king walk to the cellar and throw the Omega inside with the rest of the servants.
"Well, then… why don't we wish him a happy birthday." Steve said giving a plate of a pancake to Jarvis, making the older man look at Steve for a short time then take the plate with a small smile…
"Coming, J!" Tony called out as he sat on his bed, stretching out a little as he looked at the clock with disbelieve, but a smile made its way toward his face at the thought, his gaze turned toward his baby and he smiled happily when he saw the pup hugging his teddy bear in one hand and the blanket in the other, after giving Goose a good scratch on the head he leaned down on his baby and start peppering his face with kisses which made the boy whine at that. "Come on, sleepyhead, time to wake up." Tony said gently to the pup as he shook him which made the pup blink his eyes at Tony and pout a little, looking around the place with sleepy eyes.
After he got back it got worse, he spent all of his time in the nursery, looking at the gifts that were for the baby that will never sleep here, would never play with this toys, would never be able to read him stories to get him to go to sleep.
"One of them, Johann Schmitt… he was always
?" Steve asked once again, and Tony wondered if he will start crying any minute now.
"Oh, I only signed up, because Dr. Erskine promised me there is a chance I will die!" Steve chirped happily as he runs after Tony, his words causing Tony to stumble on his feet and turn to stare at Rogers with disbelieving eyes. "I wanted to witness the glory of death, pain, and suffering that was the war; so I tried several times to enlist, only for them to kick me out after knowing I was an Addams. Dr. Erskine was nice though, he offered me a chance for suffering and dying in a dangerous experiment as payback for being a lab rat; everyone was surprised when the serum worked, even with being an Addams." Steve pouted when he said the word 'worked' like he was planning on suffering and dying from the start only to be denied that sweet pain.
… are giving the special treatment you know?" Steve said spitting the word 'Kind' making shiver go down every person in the room. "Those who hurt Omegas, especially pregnant ones… those have a special place in the prison's hierarchy, abused… tortured… use of the Alpha voice… nearly killed… raped… gangbanged? Is that the right word for it, I don't know?" Steve said with a happy smile throwing some pictures in front of Stane, you can see how Stane's face becomes so pale that it turned green. "If you talked… I can give you a deal. An isolated cell, only for you, a small little box away from the other inmates who will enjoy holding you down and do whatever your little mind can imagine… what do you think?" Steve hummed happily watching how Stane start shaking as the realization of how much he messed up start hitting him, Steve pushed a file toward Stane with a pen inside, Stane opened the file and with shaky hand after reading what was inside he signed the papers.
"It's for Harley." Peter peeped after Tony got in the car which made the Omega blink and turn in his seat to gaze at the small boy who was blushing, which caused Tony to hold into his giggles and coos at the thought of Peter having a crush on his BFF. "… He said his parents didn't celebrate his birthday so he doesn't have any birthday presents, that's why I wanted to surprise him…" Peter mumbled, his words causing Tony's smile to slip for a brief second before it was back.
6-Bears were sacred animals in Norse mythology, not only were they kept as pets, were gifted to kings, and were used in ritual sacrifices. The Norse Gods Thor and Odin often took the shape of a bear to visit the human world. The bear stands for strength, healing, inner wisdom, and balance between the seen and the unseen world. The female bear was the symbol for the feminine aspect and principle and the male bear was the masculine principle. That's why everyone went mad when Ty tried to kill the bear that left them unharmed, some thinking that the bear was either Odin or Thor.
Today was Friday, thankfully his day off, which unfortunately for him meant that Clint will bang on his door and demand from him to babysit his brats so he can have his date night with his mate… Tony wondered if he can charge the other Omega for babysitting his brood of pups, but he shrugged his shoulders at that, it was fun being with the pups and giving them candy in the promise of making Clint and Phil miserable tomorrow. After finishing his morning routine, Tony went out to collect the mail from the mailbox before having breakfast, stopping in his way when he saw Peter pouting in Sarah's front yard with his father arguing on the phone with someone.
“Anyway Thor—does that answer your question? About my mother?” Tony snapped, yanking his arm away from Rhodey before storming out of the room.
“Oh god, Tony,” Nat groaned, running a hand over her face. “He’s—“
“Was it good? Or bad?”
So instead, she reached out and held his hand, smiling.
“Hate to break up your moment, but Steve and I have a training session,” Bucky cut in, drying his hands with a small towel from washing the dishes.
“Morgan!” He crouched down and caught her in his arms, giving her the biggest hug. “It is so good to see you!”
He was thrown off by the animosity in Tony’s voice. Was he mad Steve hadn’t asked him for help? Was he jealous?—No. That would be ridiculous.
Tony gasped and clutched his hands over his heart. “Barnes—say it ain’t so. I expected you to have better taste than that!”
And Steve was also clear evidence of that. Tony had loved him since childhood—hearing heroic tales of Captain America from Howard. He hated him too, yes, because Howard clearly wanted Captain America around and could give zero shits about his own, actual, son. And then he met Steve—way back in 2012, god had it been that long?—and that hate disappeared.
Three large glasses of wine later and Tony was in top form. He had the entire table laughing with just about every other comment. It was clear that this was the happiest and the lightest he had felt in a while.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness a lot of it, maybe a little bit of violence, a near-death experience, and Tony losing his mind! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"I… I don't know." Steve decided to answer honestly, not knowing any other answer to the question but the one he gave, because in truth, no, Steve was not OK, he was not OK ever since Tony starts pulling away from him. "What happened to your eye?" Steve finally dared to ask, wanting to know what happened to Bucky to turn him into a part raccoon, wondering if Bucky even had it in him to fight someone.
Tony walked, or did he run? He doesn't know really, but what was important that he is to be far, far, away from the Alpha and the pup, his heart was pounding in his chest in pain, as his mind tortured him by reminding him that his baby was dead, and the child who held him for a few seconds… few precious seconds, made the blow even harder to swallow like it was some kind of poison he was forced to swallow. He told himself that he could do it, live alone he meant, after all, he lived alone for the past seven years and a half, how would his life change considering that he was used to his pup being away, so away now he was in heaven. But Tony knew he was lying to himself, because for once he had so much hope that he will finally find his son, that for once he will hold him in his arms telling him how much he loved him, that he was even ready to do a fifty-fifty custody with his foster family or pay them as much as they want, just for his son to be in his arms again, but the Omega gain nothing but a wound in his heart that was repeatedly opened every time someone mentioned his child or every time he saw one of his friends with their children. God, Tony knew that he could have found a mate years ago to have another pup with, and there were other ways to get pups too, one of them was adopted, but Tony… Tony just couldn't, he was so hung up on his own dead pup that he pushed every other possibility out there…
"T-tony…" Howard muttered opening his eyes, his father's voice made Tony stand up shushing the older man gently.
"He didn't mean it, you know?" Tony said which made Steve look at him with a frown, which caused the Omega flush and look at his hands that were twisted together, a nervous habit he notice the Omega use more often than not. "He is just stress, everyone knows that he doesn't sleep, and prefer to walk in the halls at night." Tony said in his way to defend Steven, which made the Alpha suppress the urge to roll his eyes and look away from the Omega.
It coos at him.
"You don't understand Steven, you don't, an Alpha who lost a mate is not a mentally stable one, never is and will never be, and if someone tells you otherwise they are lying, do you know what will happen to Tony when we find Barnes?" Peggy asked in a small voice, and God, how Steven hated himself for being the reason the woman talked in such a small voice like that.
Steve ignored everyone as he reached the lift and hit the button to the ground floor, trying hard to stop himself from feeling the elation for finally punching Howard Stark in the face, like how he dreamed for eleven years now, he hailed a taxi when he reached the street and went back toward his home trying to stop himself from laughing like a manic all the way.
?" Peter's sleepy voice made Steve tense, fear taking hold of him and he wanted to take Peter away from here
It didn't help Steve from being concern about his fiancé, knowing Anthony he will ace whatever presentation it was, even if it was a big one as Anthony said to him, Steve sighed as he stood in the apartment complex's front door waving goodbye at Anthony who was waving happily before the car speed away leaving the Omega looking at the car until it was out of his view.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve looked up when Tony said those words and gives a sad, so sad smile that made Tony's heart drop… "I don't think he would mind, he always loved curious people… he died two months ago… at least he died of an old age… ninety-five… we never believed we will reach that age." Steven muttered to himself smiling as he took his own ring from the chain and wore it around his ring finger; he then wore the chain with the remaining ring around his neck.
Steve remembered years and years ago; when everything was simple and Tony was just Anthony, and Steve was just that annoying kid from Brooklyn who enjoyed annoying that hot Alpha who always blushed at Steve's advances. He remembered years ago when he fell in love with Anthony's vision of the future, promising himself that day, that he will do anything he can to be in the future that his Anthony always saw. He remembered when the two of them were together, holding each other under the blanket, planning the future that they hoped for, but never achieved.
Everyone was having fun, and Tony made sure of that, even his father seemed more relaxed as he exchanged stories with everyone and answering their questions about how Malibu was. Tony was happy that his father was finally reconnecting with everyone, on the other hand, Tony doesn't know what to do about his father and Steve's mother becoming rivals for the competition of who will gain the title of the most amazing grandparent, it was scary seeing the two of them glaring at each other and competing for Peter's attention.
The creature moves forward, toward the sleeping man resting one dirt-streaked hand on the swing seat, thumb brushing against the fabric of Tony's jeans. Amongst the tangle of thick, dirty white hair are crystalline blue eyes, and the soft curve of lips as the creature leans closer. And Tony furrowed his brows when he felt a breath of air against his cheek, cold and sweet, like damp rich earth. And when Tony opened his eyes he froze at what he was seeing, gazing in fear as the creature draws in a breath, a low hiss against its sharp, big white teeth, and Tony… Tony screamed.
"And who the fuck are you?" Steve asked snappily which made the Alpha's face twitch just a little but he didn't do anything other than pulling a letter out of his suit pocket and hold it to Steve.
"Babe, James will adore you, I admit the man can be a little scary, especially with the aura of assassin surrounding him, but that's another talk for another day, but the point is, James, will love you!" Tony rambled as he sat beside Steve, causing the Omega to relax at the closeness, smiling to himself as he always loved seeing how animated his Alpha got when he got worked up trying to explain something.
"Now just like we practice doll, you say your lines and you won't get your pretty little face hurt." Rumlow cooed as he started tapping the Omega's cheek with the gun in his hand, which made Peter let out a sob, only to hide his face in Steve's arm when the man growled at him.
If the landscape isn't enough of a clue that he really was out of New York and away from the hell he lived in for more than eighteen years, the gas station attendant is. He is old and bad-tempered, his features craggy and rumpled, the name Phillips neatly embroidered on his shirt. He comes out of the little convenience store as Tony was about to fill his car, scaring him by his loud tutting. "Give me that!" He snaps as Tony tries to unhook the nozzle from the gas pump. "There's a trick to it." He shoves Tony out of the way, which made the teen purse his lips, but he took a step back, hoping to look smaller than he already is, as to not attract the man's attention any more than he already did.
Tony could only gaze at his baby as he and his husband left the school, wondering how was he going to survive without his baby staying home with him as he taught him materials beyond his age (His baby was a genius just as Tony was so teaching him was easy) while his husband taught him the way of the Addams family. This was their baby's first time on his own and Tony worries!
As Tony's consciousness slowly begin to move back to reality, he seemed to finally register Steve trembling slightly. Without really thinking, he pulls the covers tightly around them. But Steve is not trembling out of cold, of course, but it was the only thing Tony probably can think of to do. He hummed at Steve, a soothing, primal rumble. His spine jerked occasionally as his knot swelled inside Steve, locking them together.
"Come on Peter… it's time to sleep." Steve muttered rocking the baby when he scrunches his nose like he was about to wake up. Once upon a time, Steve and Anthony talked about having children, and maybe gave a name or two, and that name, Peter's name, was the last thing he got from his Alpha other than his baby, it was the last thing he got before his Alpha died and that… that Tony Stark took his place.
The months passed, and Steve was getting used to the life of single parenting, on top of caring for the baby, Steve had to go to work in hope of paying rent and the bills that kept on getting larger and larger, Steve prayed for a miracle to happen when his son starts crying loudly for the third time in an hour.
The days that followed his arrival were no better than the first day; first of all, Anton was still annoying as always, thankfully being annoying was one of the reasons that Steven finally start calling him by his name, because for one Anton was never this annoying, for another Tony became more annoying when he called him Anton. Secondly, we have the scary couple that Steven finally received their full names, Peggy Carter Barnes, who stresses on the
"Let me go, Tony, I'm still angry at you." Steve said as he tried to push the man only for the Alpha to growl at that and pull the blond to him, and Steve hated how he didn't push Tony harder, fearing that he will hurt the man. "Tony, let go!" The Omega ended up snapping, fear rising inside, as the scent of whiskey brought unwanted memories back, making his breath speed up.
What really broken him was when Pepper fell pregnant… it destroyed Tony from the inside. Day after day, he saw how Pepper was glowing, day after day; he saw how she and her mate were happy, how they didn't tell him at first because they feared for his mental health until he laughed it off and told them he was alright.
So three hours they spent searching the house from top to bottom, three hours spent with Steve containing his screams of pain, three hours of that retched singing turning to a wailing, three hours and… nothing… nothing at all! Steve tried to stop himself from acting crazier than normal, stopped himself from banging his head on the walls, stopped himself from breaking Stane's face when he looked at them with a smug look, stopped himself from going to Peggy whose face was getting full of tears and frustration as Natasha shook her head once more… Steve nearly screamed when he heard the words of the song more clearly… something that never happened until today...
. Come inside me, baby, fill me with your cum, and let me feel your knot." Steve stated breathlessly causing Tony to moan loudly,
What's Steve going to do?
Shakily, Tony took the phone in his hand putting it between his ear and shoulder as he dialed the number he memorized years and years ago; hitched breathes and sniffled could be heard as Tony tried to get a gripe, Tony needed to stay calm, he needed Rhodey and Pepper to understand his words without the sobs mixing with his speech and turning it to a mess.
“I guess I didn’t notice because I thought they always did that. Do you think they’ve finally come to their senses? I hope not—that would mean Sam won the money pot.”
“Alright—I’m not following,” Bucky frowned.
“No, of course not. I’m not that much of a masochist.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony.”
He sat up in bed, popped five Tylenol, and downed a glass of water.
“Oh, I’m aware.”
Steve’s heart swelled—hearing
He could not give Tony the types of things most people could. Steve was not rich—so no fancy dates or expensive cars as gifts were an option. Steve was not well-connected—Captain America was—so he could not sneak them into a fully booked restaurant. And these were the types of things Tony had seemingly enjoyed before leaving Steve at a loss of what to do.
“No Tony—no. God,” Steve continued to sputter like a broken motor. His face was bright red and the blush was spreading down his neck. “Buck—he’s—he’s my best friend. We never—no. Never. There wasn’t any time for that and—there was Peggy back then.”
“What?” Steve’s head snapped up and he looked at Tony. “God—no, Tony. No. This is perfect. This is amazing—I never thought I would see a photo of my mother’s face again. I—wow—I had forgotten how she looked. And my sketches of my old neighborhood—I had forgotten what it looked like too. It feels…well, it was, a lifetime ago. Thank you, Tony.”
He had thought Ultron was the easier solution.
“You killed them, your hands did, but it wasn’t you. I know that—Hydra fucked you up and made you do their dirty work. I know that’s not who you are—not who you ever were—but I’ve let myself take out my grief and confusion and anger on you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes Tony, I know,” she chuckled.
“Shut up. It’s not my fault you’re a giant tree just waiting to be climbed,” he grumbled.
“Yes.”
“Mhmmm,” Rhodey hummed while taking a sip of his water. “Whatever helps you sleep at night.”
How can I possibly make this up to you? I’m at a loss. And yeah, I’m still angry, at least a little bit. But at least now I understand why you did it. The world we live in, yeah, it makes sense to want something extra protecting us. The Battle of New York shook us all up, but it looks like that manifests in different ways, huh Tony? I tend to go for longer runs, personally.
“Mine too,” Steve chuckled.
“Ty,” Tony replied without elaboration. He didn’t need to—Nat had known him from her time pretending to be a secretary. And she had been aware of the nature of their relationship. That one time she walked in still horrified Tony to this day.
Nat squeezed his knee, giving him a tiny smile.
Without a second thought, Tony ripped off his arc reactor and jammed it onto Pepper’s chest. The nanotech armor vanished off of his body and immediately formed around hers. The last thing he remembered thinking was that Pepper was safe now.
She took a noisy bite of her bagel, pretending to be reading her book and letting the silence stretch out again. Steve knew what she was doing—maybe she was trying to be clever or she knew Steve knew and wanted to drive him up the wall.
A month later it seemed like Laura had forgiven Natasha—she was visiting the kids regularly and had taken over Clint’s routine of training them in simple combat skills. But the wounds were still there.
And just as the loneliness started creeping back in, his phone pinged with a notification. He sighed, expecting it to be Steve or someone begging him to come out of hiding. Instead, he found:
After Monopoly everyone else excused themselves for bed, but Steve stayed behind and curled up on the couch with his sketchbook. He was far from tired and his earlier interactions with Tony were reeling through his mind on repeat. Flipping the sketchpad open to a blank page, he started on a new piece of Tony and Peter. They were working together in Tony’s workshop, smiling and laughing. As he drew he was not sure if he would ever give this to Tony or not, but the image of him and Peter happy together brought him joy. Maybe this would be the first drawing he ever actually gifted someone.
“So what next?” Steve asked, running the palm of his hand over his face.
“Way to go, Thor,” Rhodey groaned, throwing his hands up in the air once Tony was out of earshot.
“Knowing Pepper, she’s probably already on it,” Rhodey said. “But I’ll text her just in case—yup she’s on it.”
“Goddamn it, Tony,” Steve balked. “Low blow.”
“You’re amazing,” Steve breathed out, still cradling Tony’s head in his hands.
Anyway—the point still stood—Tony’s relationship track record was rocky at best. And he could not bear to ruin something with Steve. If they broke up, if they lost their friendship—it would destroy Tony. Hell, it already had—once before. The year after Siberia he drank more than ever before. He pushed everyone away, except for Rhodey, for a long time. His ability to trust others, to be open, was ruined. It took forever to recover—in a lot of ways, he was still recovering.
And once again, Peter managed to render Tony speechless, something the kid was doing more frequently as of late. He was continually amazed by the wisdom Peter carried within him. Tony was smart at Peter’s age, but he wasn’t wise. No—Peter was destined to be better than him, now and later.
Tony had a lot of regrets in life, but Peter was never going to be one of them.
“What? You want me to say I forgive you? I mean sure Rogers—I do, but there isn’t anything to forgive—I ran in headfirst. I was reckless per usual and you were doing your job. I can’t believe I’m having two of these conversations today,” Tony grumbled, rubbing his eyes with the heels of his hands. “Please don’t blame yourself for my idiocy.”
Thank you all for your support. Please continue to share on social media. <3
Ice repulsor. Ice. Finding Captain America frozen in ice. Steve. Kissing Steve. God, how good that kiss felt.
“Mr. Stark!” Peter exclaimed, rushing in and running straight to give Tony a tight hug.
“Turn that frown upside down, Cap.”
“Tony,” Nat warned this time, giving him a stern look and doing her best to communicate that this was a horrible idea.
“N-no,” he finally stammered. “No. Nope, uh, no. I’m not dating anyone. If that’s what you mean.”
Tony knows he owes Steve an apology, but even more than that, he knows they have things they need to truly finally discuss.
The first Assemble call in months.
Steve was on Tony’s side of the table in what seemed to be faster than the speed of light, holding him and looking as concerned as ever.
He did not realize that he was staring at Tony until he felt a gaze steady on him—he looked over and it was Bucky giving him a skeptical look. He felt his cheeks redden.
Tony latched onto Steve’s hand that held his paper, but using his super soldier strength to his advantage, Steve yanked it away and held his arm out over his head. However, Tony was not a quitter, no, he was stubborn and highly competitive. He stretched out as far as he could, fully on top of Steve’s body now, making a feeble attempt to grab the paper that was far out of his reach. Finally, when his efforts proved futile, he gave up on reaching the paper only to realize the closeness of his face to Steve’s.
“My point is—the rest of us are tired of your pining and love-sick puppy dog eyes every time Tony isn’t looking,” she explained. “So, I’m going to need you to ask him out already.”
They had lost Clint in the process and Bruce had gotten severely injured snapping everyone back.
“Well, Stone Media has released a retraction and said that it was a photoshopped image sent in by an anonymous source. And Tiberius won’t be bothering you again,” he explained.
“Tony—Tony, I understand, I do,” Steve started, holding his hand up to ask Tony to pause. “If you think you’re alone in that, you’re not. What went down between us—it plagues my every waking moment.”
“Yeah—yeah, Cap, don’t worry,” he laughed. “It was actually good. Good—yeah, closure, and stuff.”
“You know he likes to be fashionably late,” was Bucky’s sarcastic reply.
“I know—Ty, I’m sorry, I didn’t anticipate having to end things so suddenly like that. I mean, I had no idea—“
He found himself running his eyes along Steve’s body, a lump in his throat and butterflies in his stomach. There was no denying that Captain America was the definition of America’s ideal man. And if there was any question about that, half of the party guests fawning and throwing themselves at him, men and women alike, confirmed it.
“I’m sorry if I crossed a line,” Tony said, apprehensive.
Impressing Tony, especially on their first real date, meant a lot to him. This was a date a decade in the making—it had to go well. From the sound of it, Tony was going to be taking the lead on the planning for the evening. And even though Steve enjoyed planning—he was the tactician of the team, after all—it was a relief to have Tony in charge of it. One less thing to worry about.
From there the evening devolved into a vicious game of Monopoly that ended with Nat victorious and Tony and Rhodey arguing that she cheated. Steve was grateful that they were all able to settle back into normal conversation and banter after his odd exchange with Tony. And when Nat and Rhodey shared looks that communicated things he did not understand, he elected to ignore them. It felt too amazing to be watching Tony laugh and finally let loose for him to be concerned with the others hyper-analyzing his every move.
“Sir, Peter Parker is on his way down,” Friday’s voice announced over the speakers in the workshop.
“Is Petey my big brother?” she asked, eyes wide and curious.
“Yes—yes, okay! Let me go!”
“Come here,” Steve whispered. Tony leaned forward and Steve delicately grabbed the bottom hem of Tony’s shirt and started to pull it up and over his head. His fingers brushed against Tony’s skin and Tony shivered in response. Once the shirt was off and Tony looked at Steve through half-lidded eyes the weight of their earlier conversation that night sunk back over their shoulders. They sat there, the tension palpable, everything unsaid hanging between them. Steve swallowed.
Tony's locked himself away after kissing Steve under the mistletoe causing both him and Steve to spiral into thoughts of self-doubt. Thankfully, Rhodey and Natasha have a way of pushing their friends to do things they're too stupid to do on their own.
Steve tucked and rolled, using the momentum to propel himself forward to Tony, shield held out to protect both of their bare bodies.
“You look really happy,” Peter said, breaking through Tony’s thoughts. “Not—not that you have looked really miserable or anything lately. But you look really, genuinely happy right now. And that makes me happy.”
That night at Clint’s farm—well, it meant everything to me. Still does. Not a day goes by that I don’t think about it—perhaps not an hour goes by. And since it is less scary to write this than to say it out loud and see your face…
It was three in the morning and Tony still could not sleep. He had fallen asleep for less than an hour and had woken up in a cold sweat—plagued by nightmares of his marital failures and Pepper accusing him of being his father.
For the first two hours he hid away, Tony surprised himself by actually getting some work done. He made significant progress on a new ice repulsor design that would freeze targets instead of blasting them. This would prove useful when he needed to neutralize targets but not injure them—it was a design he had been putting off because of where his mind usually went when thinking ice. However, somehow, he managed to focus.
“Yeah?” he called back, trying to wipe the tears away before the kid saw him like that.
Tony took a deep breath, finally looking up into Steve’s eyes.
“Yeah, no man, I’ll leave this dwarf and elf bullshit to you and Stevie. But to be fair, I’m not even sure he would like it if you hadn’t been the one who recommended it to him,” Bucky teased. This made Tony preen again—he leaned forward in his chair, elbows on his knees, giving Barnes a curious look. He would spend time later sorting out why he cared so much about what Steve said about him behind his back.
“Hey honey,” Pepper interrupted, sweeping her daughter up in her arms and sighing. “Can you go outside the room where Auntie Nat is waiting?”
“That Pepper actually had feelings for you, too? Yeah, I know. I don’t hold a grudge, really,” Ty insisted. “Even though I told you a million times that she did, in fact, love you, too.”
“Cap—“
“Huh?”
In reality, the second Tony had said Ty’s name Steve knew what he was going to do—what he had to do. The only thing holding him back from charging ahead with his plan was the consideration of if he should go to Tony in this moment. But the longer he thought about it, the more he knew Tony would not be receptive to conversation so soon. He will have blacked out the windows to his workshop and ordered Friday to keep everyone out at all costs. It would be a losing battle.
“Anyway, I’m not dating Wanda or Maria, Sam. But thanks for the effort,” he said, laughing.
It was a toss up between the two of them for who was more surprised that Steve had closed the distance between them and captured Tony’s lips in a kiss. But despite freezing for the briefest of seconds, Tony easily melted into it. And the ease of the kiss quickly turned into eagerness and desperation for more.
Life had been much easier—albeit numb—when he was swimming in a sea of bourbon and whiskey. Now that he had been cast onto the shore of sobriety unpleasant was an understatement.
“Nice try Tony, but I know what it looks like when someone tries to avoid talking about something,” she responded, tightening her grip on him as he started to squirm. “But I love you—we all do—and you need to trust us and talk to us. If you don’t, we can’t support you the ways you need us to.”
And apparently Tony got the memo.
“Yeah,” he conceded.
“I’m sorry, by the way,” Tony started and stalled just as quickly as he had begun.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony, for god’s sake, I love you! This isn’t some game I’m trying to play, I’m in love with you,” Steve shouted, his voice finally loud enough to stop Tony’s rant in its tracks.
“Sorry Cap,” Tony chuckled. “It’s just the damn shirt of yours—looks like your muscles are begging to be let free. Its distracting.”
Well, shit.
Another dramatic sigh.
Even though Steve was not sure what it meant—he made an educated guess—and blushed furiously. Tony only swooned more at the sight.
The minute Tony ducked his head down to work, Steve glanced up, and smiled softly to himself. He was blissfully unaware of Tony’s staring just seconds ago—had he known, he would likely be the color of a ripe tomato. Instantly he Steve became enthralled with Tony’s diligent fingers as he modified the equipment before him. He was endlessly amazed by the way Tony’s brain worked, his brilliance, and how he could figure out a problem in record time.
“It’s clear he’s hurting—he’s put all of this on his own shoulders, like he always does, because he thinks everything is his responsibility. Despite what Pepper told us, he’s blaming himself anyway, and drinking himself into a pit in the process,” Nat explained.
“Tony, go for it,” she said, as sure and determined as she ever had been. “You deserve to love and be loved in that way. And I think you’ll be amazed at what happens between you and Steve if you try.”
“I know, Tony,” he said, voice intimately quiet. “I wanted to.”
“Hey, Pete—we need to talk.”
“What—yeah, of course, yes! Go ahead,” he responded, gesturing to the only clean surface in the room, a desk a few feet across from where Tony was working. “Make yourself at home, Cap.”
He really hoped they didn’t, because he would prefer to distinctly remember something like that happening. Tony cautiously lifted the blankets, trying not to disturb Steve, and get a peek of what they were both wearing.
“I just wanted to say thank you, Tony,” she said, sitting down on the bed next to him.
Tony’s head snapped up from his work station and he dropped the screwdriver that was in his hand. He stumbled over a box of tools on the floor as he tried to pick up the item he dropped. Suddenly, Steve’s behaviors from earlier made a bit more sense and Tony flushed at the thought.
“Tony Stark, the man that once the press got ahold of his recent divorce, skyrocketed back onto every publication and new channels’ ‘most eligible bachelor’ list—is asking for dating advice?” Rhodey guffawed. “Man I can’t even count how many people you’ve dated.”
Halfway through the movie, Tony fell asleep with his head resting against Steve’s broad shoulder. Steve stayed still and let Tony rest there until the movie was over, convincing himself he was doing Tony a favor considering he must be exhausted, when in reality his motives were selfish. In this moment he could let himself pretend this was another situation—maybe another universe, even—where this had been a date and he and Tony were so much more.
“Look Tones, I know you’re a futurist and you’re always trying to look far down the road, but that’s also what gets you so anxious. That’s what caused Ultron and the Accords and every other thing you regret. You look ahead and assume that everything ahead has got to be the worst case scenario and then you make bad choices,” Rhodey explained. “But you forget you’re also amazing at fixing things. Building new things. And that maybe it is okay to make choices that exist only in this one moment. And when something does go wrong in the future, you can fix it.”
“Yeah Tony, watch your language,” Steve jumped in, smirking.
“Nothing interesting,” Steve shrugged.
Whoops, sorry for that ending. You really thought I could give you happiness without some more angst first? The next chapter is going to be full of angst, sorry in advance! But I promise our loving and happy ending is coming soon. Just 3 more chapters (with maybe an epilogue after). Woo!
“Mr. Stark, you can talk to me—you know that, right?” Peter’s voice was so earnest it practically snapped Tony’s heart in two.
This date night was already everything Steve had hoped for.
“You knew this was my favorite book growing up?”
The blood pumping through his veins, his feet against the hard ground, and the air harsh against his face was the only place he found peace these days. It let out all his anxious energy and gave him time alone to think.
“So, are you and Captain America dating yet?”
“Yeah Steve, the strongest,” Bucky agreed.
But the last two days had drastically illuminated the fact that alcohol was not a middle ground. Tony was aware that alcoholism was not truly a solution, but depression clouded even the most rational minds.
And even though Steve had acclimated to the future, that was mostly due to Tony giving him a home in a new century, and that made him feel like a relic of the past. Tony deserved someone as sleek, suave, and brilliant as he was—hell, Pepper was certainly all of those things and more. Over the years, Steve had tried small, albeit pathetic attempts, to prove to Tony that he was also all of those things. His mild attempts ranged from wearing leather jackets to quoting modern movies he knew Tony loved.
“Well, as both you and Rhodey-bear can see, I’m completely fine. I’m working on a new project, top secret, and that’s why I’ve retreated to my super special hidey-hole,” Tony said.
And it all really started that first night, huddled over the work bench together in a strange space of intimacy, something changed. The new awareness of his feelings for Tony was crippling and thrilling. It had been too long since his last date—over 70 years to be exact—and he had yet to feel something quite like this since waking up in the new world.
The instant Steve set him down on his bed Tony found himself longing for that scent to fill his lungs again. He was longing for a lot of things in this moment—namely Steve’s touch and discovering what his plush pink lips felt like—
Clint’s kids wanting to see “Auntie Nat” and Laura’s refusal.
“Oh,” Steve frowned, but then broke out into the most radiant smile Tony had ever seen. “I didn’t mean to get ahead of your super secret plan, shellhead.”
A moment of pause, and then:
Tony tries again, “Anything it is, you really can tell me, honey. I’m sorry I’m being a jackass, I just hate seeing you like this and it’s getting me agitated.”
“You’re here all the time, what are you-”
Steve laughs, a beautiful
Tony beams. “Do you like them? I custom ordered the colors and got the supports you need and everything.”
Tony really wants to just cry. “Steeeeeve,” he pleads, pulling on the man’s wrists. “Look at me. Please please
“There aren’t even seven Blicks in Manhattan, sweetheart. And we’re going where I say we’re going.”
Okay, so now Tony is even more thoroughly confused than he was when this whole thing started.
Tony is silent for only a moment. “Okay. I guess if you keep playing with my hair, then I won’t complain.”
“Oh god, is this about me taking on Scorpion alone? Look I know I promised—“
“Sorry, I didn’t bring enough trauma to share with the rest of the class,” he quipped.
But he knew better—he knew Tony deserved a real apology. And if they were to truly mend the wounds they carried a real conversation needed to happen. Tony was in a dark place and Steve wanted to carry him out of it—he wanted to bring him to the light, keep him warm, and protect him from his demons.
“Is that so?” he said between laughs.
“You’ll need that in the morning,” he said softly.
“What’s got your panties in a twist?” she asked, smirking. But Steve knew she was asking a serious question under the guise of a joke. He placed the broken pencil on the small table by his chair and ran a shaking hand through his hair.
“Yeah, yeah. I get it. I’m being stupid.”
“Tony? You’re staring at me and I’m getting worried.”
“Grown-up conversation, huh? You know I hate those?” Tony grumbled, swinging his legs over the side of the bed and sitting up. He scrubbed his hands over his face in preparation for whatever Pepper might lob at him next.
Another silence stretched out between them, Tony’s resolved faltering a bit before he squared up his shoulders and stood as tall as he could manage. Steve felt his chest tighten, preparing for the impending blows that were going to be hurled his way. Tony was a professional verbal boxer and Steve knew that if they were going to get anywhere, he would have to be the one to stay level headed.
They ended up ordering a large spread of items to share—mussels and marinara sauce, stuffed mushrooms, spaghetti, and fried calamari. Tony listened fondly as Steve recounted old stories of running through Brooklyn causing trouble—Bucky bailing him out every time—and the countless women his best friend whisked away from him. Eventually, Steve asked Tony about Jarvis and what he was like—Tony loved telling stories about Jarvis. It always made a warmth bloom in his chest—the one good thing from growing up that he held onto tightly. Before he realized it, they had been there for three hours, talking and sipping on lemonades.
“Yeah—that sucked. A lot,” Peter grimaced. “How did you, uh, undo the whole…revealing my identity thing?”
Which meant the only true threat was up top—hundreds of feet out of his reach—and that’s where Tony was. For the first time in a long time, Steve felt pure panic surge through his veins.
He took three more Tylenol than he needed to and downed two glasses of water in record time. And he had forgotten his plan to avoid everyone in the compound until Steve and Nat came walking into the kitchen. They both caught one glance of him and knew. He knew they knew.
Bucky took a bite of the plum, and through his chews said, “Buddy, if you don’t know what I mean I ain’t gonna be the one to tell you. You gotta figure that shit out yourself.”
“We don’t do this enough,” Bucky said. “Men, I mean. Well, us too, I guess. But men—we’re taught not to talk about things. I’ve always had a problem with that, but Steve is the only guy I’ve ever managed to have those conversations with. It takes a lot to do this, especially because society tells us we aren’t supposed to. Thank you, Tony. I forgive you—for all of it. I’m not mad.”
“God—come in,” Nat sighed, opening the door, now wrapped in a robe. “I’m leaving. You can have your friend for the night.”
“Today’s the anniversary of my mother’s death,” Thor announced solemnly.
When Stane fired off his second repulsor blast his aim had significantly improved. The memory was blurred with the image of Carol’s fiery photon blast, Steve’s body and shield jumping in front of him, and the Iron Man armor flying away.
“I know,” Tony groaned. “That was also a poor choice. He’s not invited back over for any more sleepovers.”
He knew that his outburst last night was wrong. He knew that, but he didn’t feel it. And the crippling loneliness of avoiding his friends—his family—was rapidly setting in. Though he refused to admit it aloud, Tony had grown accustomed to spending time with the different members of the Avengers team throughout the day. It was a crucial part of his routine—chatting with Thor over breakfast or sparring with Nat in the afternoon. Hell—he and Bruce had just started working on a really big project together.
“Tony, it is not your fault. None of it is. I need you to get that through your thick skull, okay?”
“Did you know Aunt May is dating Happy?” Peter groaned, sitting across from Tony at their favorite diner in Queens, Pop’s Diner.
“You’re a life saver.”
“I’ll be back,” Steve said, walking over to the door and grabbing his black bomber jacket off the coat rack.
“What—what for?” Steve’s eyes got wide and Tony found himself wishing he could jump into the depths of those blues.
“I love you,” Tony whispered.
“I’m glad that sounds like good news to one of us,” he groaned louder.
“It sounds like shit, I know, but it will help.”
“I am,” Rhodey boasted. “But Tony’s a child sometimes. I love him, but he is. And he’s allowed to have multiple best friends, but no one else is.”
Steve had been running on the trails surrounding the Avengers compound for over two hours. It was early Saturday morning and he had nothing better to do. The only thing he could hear at this point was the sound of his own feet against the ground and the few birds beginning to chirp as the sun rose.
One night, Tony invited Steve down to his workshop to show him something he was working on.
“Yeah—figured you’d have noticed that. And yet, when everything in my life goes to shit, instead I’ve looked for ways to feel out of control. Funny, isn’t it? Alcohol lets me be loose, not feel, not care. It stops the mental spiral about my failings as a husband and a father, but let’s other things bubble up to the surface. Yesterday, you were trying to help me, and I’m grateful for that. But the alcohol melted away my filter and I guess, despite my best attempts, I’m still hurting.”
“Actually, I think I do,” she chuckled.
“Kid, you’re gonna be the death of me,” Tony grumbled.
Tony got sucked into the Triwizard Tournament and the perils of Harry’s adventure. He was so engrossed that he did not hear Steve come up behind the couch and lean forward on the back of it.
The huskiness in Steve’s voice sent a shiver down his spine. And, as if to prove his point, Steve bent down to suck at the hallow of Tony’s neck, leaving a delicious mark behind. When Steve broke away, Tony reached down to undo his jeans but ended up fumbling around. Thankfully, Steve moved help and slipped out of his jeans while Tony started to work his way out of his own pants. In just a few more, albeit clumsy, movements their naked bodies were flush against one another.
Steve’s lips were delicious. And he was a brilliant kisser. He had not even used his tongue yet and Tony was already seeing stars. It was as if they had been doing this all along. It was new and exciting, but felt oddly familiar. It felt like coming home—like coming to a place that they were always meant to be.
“Okay, stop there,” Bucky held his hand up. “You did what?”
Ever since they grabbed ice cream together the olive branch was officially extended. They still argued endlessly during team meetings, but unlike before, it did not follow them outside the conference rooms. In fact, the second they walked out of a meeting the two of them were usually making one another laugh hysterically.
“Danvers,” he shouted, hoping the severity of his tone got her attention immediately. “Get me up top!”
“I’m sorry Tony—I had no idea. Everyone always says…”
“It’s for all of us, Tony, the Avengers. Everyone here is celebrating you, too.”
“Why would he do that? Why would he stay here all the time?” he asked, growing steadily more incoherent.
Every time he began thinking about his marriage and his daughter it sent him into a dangerous and dark spiral. He had been late to picking up Peter tonight because he and Pepper had gotten into it over the phone beforehand. And god, the kid had flawlessly and selflessly covered for him when they got to the compound. Peter continued to surprise him.
“Awww damn. I mean, good for her. Not for you though,” he laughed and Steve joined in.
“Yeah—anyway—sorry.”
“Well, you’ll continue to learn, I’m full of surprises Steve,” Tony said with devilish smirk. “Yeah—Jarvis used to take me here all the time when I was a kid. This was our hideout whenever Howard got particularly unbearable. And I kept coming here throughout adulthood. I tip really well, that’s probably why they remember me.”
When the credits finished, Steve resigned himself to reality.
“Yes, but I will never tire of hearing it,” her smirk could be heard through the phone.
He closed his eyes and saw a photon blast, Steve’s shield, and his face looking down, tears streaming down his cheeks—why was Steve crying? Tony wanted to reach up and wipe away the sadness on his face, but was jolted back to reality when he heard Nat’s voice.
“Steve—these are singlehandedly the most gorgeous pieces of artwork I have ever seen. And yes—I am a bit partial because they have me in them, but still,” Tony said, handing the drawings over to the others so they could see them. “This better than any present I could have thought to ask for. Thank you.”
“I could really use your shitty humor right now, Legolas,” Tony grumbled, turning off the video and rolling around on the bed in a fit of frustration.
“When in doubt, go to dinner with Rhodey, that’s what I always say,” Tony sang, slinging his arm around his best friend as they walked into their favorite restaurant.
“You’re pretty but you can be a real idiot sometimes, Rogers,” Nat started. “Tony’s been jealous of you and Bucky since forever. He thought he was your best friend.”
“My shirt,” Tony complained, sleepy and disoriented. “Sweaty.”
Steve sat down, cracking open his sketchbook to a blank page, and got to work. Tony couldn’t resist stealing glances of Steve drawing—the way he pursed his lips, the smooth movements of the pencil against the paper—it was enchanting to watch him perform such a delicate task. After all, he was Captain America—all muscle and impeccable strength—and while the amazing work he did out on the battlefield could be considered its own art form this gentle hobby created a beautiful juxtaposition.
Steve laughed as Sam walked over to him and they walked inside together.
“And I know she said she fell out of love with me too—but I can’t help but feel that was a reaction to me. To the ways I distanced myself. I mean—I’ll always love her, she’s one of my best friends—but I haven’t loved her the way in a long time. And I think I hate myself for that failure as a husband.”
“Steve,” Nat said sternly, squeezing his knee so tightly it almost hurt.
“Cut the knight in shining armor crap, Cap. It’s not your job to bust down doors to come to my rescue or whatever you think you’re doing. This isn’t something you have to—something that you can fix, Rogers,” he snarled. “So you can just spin your star spangled ass around and walk out the door.”
She slid her chair across the floor, coming up to sit next to him at the kitchen table. Nat gently placed her hand over his and squeezed, looking into his eyes with an intensity that even made him uneasy.
“Tony—you’ve always loved him. Even when you were a child. And how could you not? With the way Howard talked about him, he practically baited you into it. And then he came back—and in 2012 I knew. I’ve known,” she explained.
“You’re going to try and properly ask him out,” Nat said and Steve did not dare argue with her given the deadly look on her face. She was putting her foot down.
“I’m glad you’re feeling better,” she said, the concern crinkling at the corners of her eyes.
Honestly—look at his track record. Romantically, Tony was more of a failure than anything else. For a long time, what he and Pepper had was really good. And that was the only long-term, extremely stable relationship he had to go off of—look how that ended. Despite all of Pepper’s consoling, her reassurances that they both were at fault, his anxious mind would not let go of the idea that the full responsibility rest on his shoulders.
But it was also very worrying to have Tony in charge of it—to have no idea what was coming his way or how to be prepared for it.
“Yeah, yeah, you’re lucky you’re pretty and that my daughter idolizes you or else you’d be in trouble,” Tony teased, bumping Steve’s arm with his elbow.
“I know, but holding alcohol might help?” she replied, smiling innocently up at him. “You’re over here brooding in a corner because you didn’t ask your crush out to the dance. Just drink.”
“You think it’s so easy—“
“Trust me—that’s what I want to do. Figure this out. Make it work.”
“Old friend showed up.”
“You, uh, have a date, Cap?” Tony asked, weary.
I think I find it easier to say things when I’m writing, which I guess shouldn’t be a surprise to me, considering I see things better when I’m drawing. Maybe that’s the burden of being an artist—paper just works better.
“Steve!” he shouted. There was no time to panic or figure out why he had bothered calling the other man over, because Steve was at his side in a second.
“God—sorry, I’ll leave,” Steve stumbled, spinning around and closing the door with more force than necessary. He rubbed his eyes until they watered, trying to shove the image to the back of his mind, hidden away somewhere he would not find it.
A small smile Steve sheepishly returned.
“Nothing!” Steve shouted, his voice going a few pitches higher than normal, which earned a snort from Bucky and Rhodey.
“Well, Tony, you may be the last one on planet earth to come to that conclusion, because I can promise you the rest of us have known for a while,” she retorted but there was not harshness in her voice.
Yeah—no, easier was not better.
“If you were going for a run you could have let me know,” Sam’s voice carried from behind him. Steve turned around and gave him an apologetic smile.
Steve ushered Tony inside the limo that was going to take them back home. Once they pulled away, finally safe, Steve turned to him. He took Tony’s hands in his and kissed his knuckles.
“You could go naked—actually, he might prefer that,” Bucky had teased and Steve was not amused.
“Hmmm. Noted,” Tony replied cryptically.
