He smiles but bows his head. She’s right, he’s feeding everyone arguments against the existence of Steve. He needs to get back there and find Steve – immediately. There’s only one way to do it.
“And you wonder, are they worth it? Are they worth the sacrifice?” Tony asked, and Steve caught sight of a single blood red tear fall and drop onto their clasped hands.
“Hmm, I think I might be passing this challenge.” Tony smirks.
“What are you not saying?” Tony said and rounded the island. Steve stopped his endless pacing. “You know there’s more. That’s the feedback loop I’ve been getting.”
The vampire – a female – eyed Ross and then looked up at Steve. Her eyes were deep motes and her fangs were long – longer than Tony’s. Her pale face was gaunt and hollow – they had starved her. He closed his eyes and turned his head as much as he could as she went back to feeding. In his mind, he reached out to Tony, knowing he could hear him. Odd sensations crept over his skin as the vampire touched him, as she began to stroke him as she drank. He squeezed his eyelids and bit down on the gag. He didn’t want to come.
Sam laughed. “More complicated than being in a soul pack? It might not feel right because of when you grew up, but it probably fits better than trying to pretend, doesn’t it?”
“Yes, I could. I chose not to acknowledge it.” Tony throws up his hands. “Doesn’t matter.”
The next thing he knows, he's sitting up in his bed, gasping for breath and a nurse is there comforting him. He doesn't want comfort, he wants his old life back - but then he realizes his old life isn't his - it's a figment, a fake. The doctors told him it is his mind trying to fill in the gaps left by the traumatic brain injury. His brain is filled with holes, gaping holes. Maybe that is why he's so cold. He thanks the nurse and she hesitates before she leaves him, observing him as if he's a fragile piece of ice about to shatter or melt away. Maybe he is.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Steve lied.
Tony shakes his head. “Say my name.” It’s not a demand, but a plea as if all these years people have only seen him as one thing. A royal, a prince, and not a man.
It turned out that Tony had to wait a whole two weeks before Jarvis carted him to the local library. He had his little paper card clenched in his fist. Most children weren’t allowed library cards until they would much older, but his mother convinced the librarian. Tony overheard her promise an endowment and then the librarian relented. With his card, he’d read books and learned what an endowment meant. His mother bought his way into the library and all the books.
He searches for his Blu, but he only sees the whispers of nebula shrouding the truth from him.
“You’re going to be like Bruce about this, aren’t you?” Tony says and releases his hand; Steve feels the chill of the late afternoon creep in.
“Tony. For fuck’s sake, call me Tony when we’re alone. That prince stuff makes me have the heebie jeebies.”
Tony grabs his t-shirt and puts it on. “Your wish is my command.” He escapes before Steve can reply. In no time at all he’s back in the room with two steaming mugs of coffee. He places one mug on the table next to Steve but fails to get a peek at the drawing. To cover he says, “The chicken smells really good.”
Before he can escape, Rhodey catches his arm. “Then tell me what’s going on, Tony. Tell me.”
“To the south and west,” Steve said just as the Legion burst through the trees. Too many. “Shit.”
“We have to go in and get it,” Natasha stated. There was no question in her voice.
Blu glares at him with his most disapproving face.
“Maybe not always, Sir,” Steve says and feels the old wound open inside of his chest. “Maybe not always.” For the first time, he sees a slight shade of pity in Tony’s eyes and it only serves to anger Steve. He chews his immediate response; he recognizes that with everything concerning Tony, what’s going on is more complex than what’s on the surface. “Sir, this way.”
“No, we need to go alone on this one Sam,” Steve replied. He put his hand up and warded off any protestations. “I get that you want to help, but I’m not sure what we’re going to find, and we need someone one not connected to us on the outside that I can count on.”
They do leisurely walk through the maze gardens that are set in a way to reflect the beauty of the nebula. The colors of the flowers both compliment and contrast the clouds around them. Tony whispers comments and Steve adds to them. The afternoon drifts away and soon they are finding their way back to Tony’s quarters. They never stop touching and leaning into one another. Tony’s about to go back to war and Steve’s going to be left behind – again. The pain of it is not lost on Steve.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said again. He didn’t know what else to say. He felt cursed by the universe. It was ironic. Considering his physique, Steve had transformed into a kind of Quasimodo. Who would want him with such a deformity?
All Tony’s motivations, all his anger and irritation seems a distant thing now. “I didn’t want punishment. I didn’t. I wanted to clear the air?” He doesn’t know. “You kissed me. We don’t kiss. We don’t do that.”
“You know he was a good guy. He sat there and went over code, line by line for me. Checking it and rechecking it. I know he did it right. I made him review things so many times and read it out to me even when I could have had the computer do it for me. I just don’t get why he suddenly -.” Tony stops. “Are you going to say anything at all today? Are you even here at all?” He’s been talking non-stop about Steve for the last 15 minutes and Rhodey – fuck – hasn’t even breathed.
Natasha sat up straight, her eyes deep and wide. “I get a peaceful feeling from Steve. As if a burden is lifting from him for the first time.”
"She's good today?"
Tony hangs on and answers, “I promise.”
“We’ve met, sir.” Steve placed his shield near the end of the couch as the men offered him a seat. He straightened his dark navy jacket and settled on the couch. Pierce sat down on the section of the couch next to Steve.  Ross stayed standing, arms crossed as he leaned against the glass conference table in the room.
But it happened that Tony did not come to visit him the entire time he was in the hospital. When the days went by and Tony never showed up, Steve ignored the ache in his chest and the conflict he received from his new bond with Tony as if the threads already frayed and burnt on the ends. He wanted to ask for Tony, but that kid from Brooklyn, the one that was only ninety something pounds of spit and vinegar lived underneath all the muscles and bravado. Steve’s abilities never helped him to muster the courage to talk to people, especially not in situations like the one he happened to be in. He thought about reaching out along the tendrils of the bond, to feel and to search. He wanted to discuss how they were going to deal with the bond, but then Steve realized that maybe Tony just didn’t want to be in the position either. Maybe Tony felt or heard or whatever Steve’s thoughts about the bond and had been insulted by it. That thought shamed Steve, and so he curled back and tried to keep as much distance from Tony as possible in light of their new uncomfortable situation.
“It means I have a lot on my mind. Is this a SHIELD safe house?”
Tony quirks a brow and tilts his head a bit. “Yep, just like that. Agreed?”
“Tony, he needs the doctor, now.”
“What if we keep twisting it?” Tony asks. “I mean you know how you can twist and twist something until it breaks – what if we kept it up. Kept up the entanglement until you can’t really tell which particle is reacting and which is acting.”
“Whatever you say,” Steve murmurs and his eyes feel heavy and his chest tight. He already has that muddy feeling, like linens woven into his brain. He knows it’s too late, he’ll be dealing with infection and fever in the morning. He doesn’t say anything, not because he wants to hide it, but because his tongue’s too thick and his gaze too bleary.
It can’t be good when after three months of incarceration, his wits decide it’s time to fly out the non-existent window. He’s tried to pretend what he’s seeing and hearing is not happening. Every now and again, he checks the arc reactor and thinks maybe, just maybe, there’s something about it being implanted in his chest. Maybe its magnetic core is screwing around with his brain waves. That seems like hocus pocus, but that would make infinitely more sense than what’s happening in front of him.
“Can you do this? I need you to be strong. I need these people to back me if we want the chair.” He purposefully uses the word we to emphasize that the High Alpha Chair also means the omega by his side attains status as well.
God, he should be at Steve’s side. What the hell was he doing? He was supposed to be a superhero, but he lost his courage. Seeing Steve still like death, gray like a ghost ate away at the last fiber of his strength. His body quaked, and he faded, his awareness flittering on the edges of his perception. In the distance he heard JARVIS calling to him, asking questions. He heard his own voice answering.
“Maybe, maybe he’s supposed to be bonded to you?” Natasha offered, her expression worried him. She didn’t understand it any more than he did.
“Yeah,” Tony said. He watched it happen on television and on the streets as a human child. “Your perspective really changes once you end up undead.” As a child and a young adult, he’d spent most of his genius on building better weapons and restraints against vampire super strength. “Some of the time I think back and can’t believe how blind I was.”
“Oh you mean he likes the company of lots of women?” Bucky says with a crooked smile that only means he’s enjoying tormenting Steve.
She paused and looked up from her suitcase. “I love you, too. And that’s why I can’t do this anymore. I can’t continue to pretend this is good. Because it isn’t. Neither of us enjoy it. I want someone who not only cherishes me like you do, but who’s turned on by me. You aren’t, Tony. God, I can’t recall how many times I had to -.” She shook her head. “It doesn’t matter. Find the right guy. Stop lying to yourself.”
“You have very little faith in me,” Tony says and settles against the tree, still picking out of the brownie container. Steve stands up and goes over to him. He kneels next to his feet and starts to untie Tony’s shoelaces. “What the hell are you doing?”
A stupid sentence. What the hell? He cursed but he repeated the words. “The Core is the Soul. The Core is in me. I am the Soul.” He swallowed down the need to vomit as if the words poisoned him. The terror clenched his belly but then it just ricocheted with pain from Steve. Steve was in so much pain Tony’s eyes burned with it.
The one monitor that piques Tony’s attention is the one hooked up to the interface. The one that he’s also supposed to be connected to, but at that moment is not. The interface scrolls a long list of code that only a few people can read – Tony is one of them. Scott is another – but Scott’s not in the room. Natasha could probably read it as well, but she keeps her abilities and talents to herself so Tony’s never actually sure what she can and cannot do. Sam’s still a mystery to Tony, so he’s out of the picture.
Steve grimaced as Tony petted his wound. “Clint gave up a lot, his life, his family for her. I don’t think he wants to consider that she doesn’t love him.”
“Steve this is the particular client I told you about when you first started. I truly believe you’re perfect for him. You’re his physical type and you treat your clients like individuals. We need that for him.”
Tony tightened his grip on the wheel; few used the term disease anymore. It was just accepted now that the vampire species of humans was just that a species. Not a regular one – not one that could be defined by the norms of biology, but something outside the natural. Disease wasn’t used, hadn’t been used for decades, but here Bruce was confessing to the fact that in the few decades, he was part of an experiment to reverse the disease, using the term disease.
A wraith.
He nods. She leaves and he feels all of 2 feet tall. When Cho re-enters the room, she accepts his argument to hook him back up. Her face remains impassive, but her eyes show only concern as Tony drifts away.
“Bucky died right before I did. Can you imagine being tortured for how many years before the Winter Soldier appeared on the scene? Natasha said he was a ghost for like fifty years. So that gives them a good dozen or so years to condition and torture him,” Steve said and picked up a basket of the chips. “You have to understand, Tony. I’m not excusing anything that the Winter Soldier did, but I am saying that it wasn’t Bucky. Not the guy I knew.”
“There’s no time, Tony. We can shower together, later.  I’m going to my quarters and I need to get dressed as well. You got half of your snacks all over me.” Steve looks down at his shirt with the prince’s fingerprints all over it. It will be a wonder if they keep out of the news-vids.
“Don’t give me that tone, Rogers. I don’t intend to have you seeing people tell me what I should and shouldn’t do. You don’t get it. I am not living in your world. I live in a completely different world. One that’s not made for me. Your world is made for you, I have to pretend every fucking day that I can handle this.” Tony puts his hand up. “Just don’t. Don’t test me on this one.”
The response comes almost immediately.
“You thought there was,” Steve whispers. Now his eyes are downcast.
“Wow, talk about mortal coil and all that stuff,” Tony said and he turned to study Clint. “Wow.”
“He should be here by now,” Natasha remarks and Tony wants to scream.
“The Captain has always been fair, haven’t you?”
“That it, boss?”
Raza jostles Tony and jabs at his chest, right at the arc reactor.
“I’m sorry you had to deal with it on your own. I hope you’ll let me make it up to you.”
He put his one hand up to stop her. “I’m sorry, Doctor. But I really need to see him. He needs me. Right now, he needs me.” The train accident hadn’t happened that long ago – only days – but the fact remained that this was the first time that the doctors reported Clint being actively awake. Steve had tried to wake him through the soul bond, but there wasn’t a pathway since the bond hadn’t formed correctly. Whatever had happened to Clint, the guilt lay solely at Steve’s feet.
He touches Steve’s hand and says, “Whatever you need me to do?”
Steve smiles but turns his face away from Tony to hide it. The fall back to teasing Steve warms him more than the heated plates. He keeps his mind steady, firmly placed in the idea of where they need to go, away from the possibilities and the potentials from the past. Thinking about what could have been and what has been lost helps no one. He learned that when he found himself awake in 2012 and his whole world disintegrated around him.
Tony watches from a far, his lips slightly parted, his eyes glistening and intense. Standing nearly at the shoreline, Tony gives Steve a wide berth. The water cradles Steve, lifts the weight of his newly sprung and healing wings from his back and he luxuriates in the feel of the water warm, yet offering a refuge from the stirring heat of the day. His wings unfurl further and he feels the ease and breath of them. He flaps them against the water’s surface and the glorious feeling of flight surges through him, as if he could take off at this moment.  He loses the splints as he moves as the need to fly comes over him. But he cannot, his wings are still far from healed. He settles back into the ocean and urges Tony to come closer.
“A little island off the coast of South America, not far from the Caribbean. Actually almost the Caribbean, okay it’s the Caribbean, but you don’t need to know that,” Tony says. “I bought it, and I brought in a trusted doctor, but I think she might be a witch.”
They fall silent for a few minutes, before Tony says, “I think I’m going to like being with you Steve. You make me smile. You make me happy.”
“Come, Steve. I’m right there with you,” Tony commands and they both fall over the cliff together. No hand on him, only the pounding motion of Steve in him, filling him, finishing him is needed. He rides through it, half aware, half lost in a dream. He no longer needs the armor to fly. He’s taken flight.
He’s fading fast. He nods. “Tried other things. In DC tried to get other types jobs but everything that depends on strength they covered. Nearly got caught that time. They’re everywhere.”
“Just what I heard on popular podcasts,” Steve says and shrugs. “Not a scientist.”
Steve nods and grasps the cup with shaking hands. Tony slips out the door before Steve even lifts the cup to his mouth. The water clogs his throat, and he spits up a little. He tries to piece together what happened even as he fails to manage drinking a simple cup of water. He lies back into the pile of pillows. Three days – can he recall any of it? The last thing he remembers is sheltering Tony but then losing him. He fell – or they both did and that’s all. Nothing but darkness comes to mind as far as what happened with Ultron.
Once freed, Clint sat up and cradled his head in his hands. “What the hell happened? I feel worse than the post-Loki crap.”
“A recording?” Tony jerks in surprise. “You have a recording?”
“Yes, we have a small arm looking at nanites that are programmed specifically for the patient to deliver the targeting molecule wherever we want. It’s not perfected by any means and it could lead to some harrowing side effects, but we’ve had good progress and results in animal models.”
“But they are big,” Tony said and then winked at the little girl. She giggled and tossed her head in delight.
“Loki is a master in chemicals and pharmacopeia. He’s learned a great many things from our mother. He learned young, always impressing the adults in our family. He’s been able to convince many that he has a supernatural, almost magical power because of his abilities,” Thor replies, his shoulder slump. “If the knife was laced with one of Loki’s potions-.”
Steve grumbles and focuses on getting to his feet. The pain swoons his senses and for a second the all too perfect world blacks out, but he’s able to fight through it and stay on his feet. They have to do some recon to figure out what Ultron has up his metal sleeve for this rim. The glitches have been far less – that means Ultron’s learning, but it also means his learning capacity has shifted. Ultron’s decided to go with what he knows instead of rebooting characters and the game to add more information. He’s locked his resources so to speak.
Sam bowed his head but then he glanced up at Steve. “I can do that.” It helped a lot that Sam understood more of him than just the guy everyone read about in the history books. Being bonded to him strengthened Steve’s resolve. Coming to Sam, a guy he met on the street, had been the right thing to do.
“So I contacted him. He’s worried about you, worried about how hurt you are.”
“Just a dream,” Steve mimicked. “I wish. I was taking a shower after my run. I just – I felt him. Like he was right there. Touching me. I felt him.” The realism of the dream shattered him, the images the feel, the exhilaration of being with Tony.
He sends Happy a note and tells him to go home; Tony plans on sticking it out until tomorrow or later. Who knows? He rests on the bed next to Steve as he sleeps. The bruises on his face already look a week old. His ribs are probably mending at an accelerated rate. He touches Steve, lightly and tenderly brushing back his hair and noting how very young he looks. He checks and sees that Steve Rogers went into the ice in his mid-twenties. Young. Strong. Naive.
Ultron trapped them here for a reason. The AI is planning something. Steve plays with the dead switches on the control panel and dashboard. Most don’t respond. There’s no heat, little light, and nothing hopeful about the wreck. At least the water only seeps into the back of the jet.
He frowns. It’s an old saying about weather, nothing more. He shifts and sits up; he can’t help himself. His bones ache with the cold; he feels old yet elated. It’s a strange dichotomy of emotions. Tony follows him, smiling with the same drunken look at Steve must have. Steve cups his face and asks, “No migraine.”
“Yeah, I know. But Tony Stark? Did you read the papers about him? He’s all about himself. He jokes about, you know, women and stuff.”
Off in the distance he can hear the sounds of people talking, the conference attendees are gathering. He doesn’t have a choice in the matter, he needs to move forward and get the meeting started. He puts the glasses back and asks, “J how long until Steven’s ready to join the meeting.”
“You could be.”
“All work and no play, huh?” Tony said as he went to the stone and marble bar to the side of the sitting room. It partitioned off a glass table and chairs that Steve presumed was for dining. The floor to ceiling windows near the table set would offer a grand view of Hyde Park during dinner.
Pep chimes in and asks, “Is anyone helping him?”
Coffee helps wash away his melancholy and revs up his brain to tackle the problem at hand. Tony has JARVIS connect him with Bruce as soon as the good doctor wakes up.
Steve pounds on the table, much like Thor. “Then sledding it is!”
Steve stood in the middle of the fish bowl penthouse office. An easy target for them. He nodded and proceeded back to the couch to retrieve his shield. He clicked it in place on his back. Just as he went to the door, Pierce stopped him.
“To the rack.”
“Hot chocolate. My mom’s recipe,” Coulson said and placed the tray on the worktable. Tony had no idea where he’d conjured up the ingredients in the mansion to make hot chocolate but it looked enticing. The tall mug was topped with whipped cream with chocolate syrup drizzled over it.
God, he’s sitting in bed with Tony. His hands are held in Tony’s clasp. “Hmm yeah. Sure. I can do it.”
“Let me come up and at least help you out a little. I have off shore accounts,” Tony starts.
Ross shrugged his shoulders and turned on his heel to face Pierce for a moment who was still standing at the window. When Ross looked at Steve again, his expression was firm, commanding. “I noticed what you said about mating. Do you agree with their practice to take a human as a resource, as food, as a play thing?”
“Can you help me up?”
“Nearly there according to the intel Nat gave us.” He hisses and then screams, “Here we go.”
Tony pokes at his salad. “Oh, you mean you running around with a beard and split t-shirt down the chest as your uniform?”
“My Brother. He’s my Brother and he killed them.” The tears wouldn’t stop. They ran rivers down his face and burned his cheeks. “You knew it then. You knew. When you-.” All he could think, all he could picture was Steve on his knees sucking him – and he knew. He knew that Tony’s parents were dead because of his friend. Tony didn’t care that it was just a fucking dream. It meant that Tony had fantasized about a man who kept a vital piece of information from him, one so upsetting that it appalled Tony. The repugnance grew and Tony sneered at him, “You sick bastard. How could you not even consider my feelings, what this would mean? Why didn’t you tell me right away? I’m your Beloved and it’s been weeks.”
He puts a hand up. “I get it. We’re not really husbands. But we did still share something remarkable.”
Finally out in the car, Tony dumps everything in the trunk and then drives up the road to a small Motel 6. He pays for the room and goes to it. It creeps him out, and he wonders if he’ll have bed bug bites from the place but he doesn’t have time to worry. It takes him longer than he wants to make the small explosives in the Christmas decorations, and the electrified oven mitten. It has exactly one charge so he has to use it judiciously.  He makes the rest of the bomb balls and then loads them all up into two shopping bags.
“Jesus,” Tony muttered. Maybe it was a good thing that he wasn’t bonded to Steve. Who the hell wanted that as entertainment throughout the day? “Was it a nightmare or something?”
A shock wave burst through the bond.
“I had too much to drink.”
He smirks. “I doubt that very much.” He trails after her, picking at the food as she fills a plate. “You need to check in and then you’ll get your assignment.”
“What is it? Did I say something wrong?” A look crossed over Tony’s face as if he’s blaming himself. It is so blatant – the expression of self-disgust and revulsion that Steve needs to rectify the situation immediately.
“Yes, my lord.”
He wakes up ten days after the fight in his own bed. At first, he’s lost and his head aches. He smells oil paints. Glancing around the room, he spots the good Captain sitting at an easel mumbling to himself and painting.
Before he knows it, he has staggered out of his closet in a kind of melancholy stupor. He crashes onto his bed with the lion clutched in his arms. He should feel stupid and childish but instead he just knows loneliness in the pit of his heart. He crawls up to the pillows with the lion and cradles it in his elbow.
Both Tony and Pepper stayed silent. Tony found the washed out surrounding spinning around him, he felt ill for no reason that he could discern. Happy jumped in to ask, “Scrub down?”
“Looking for this?”
Not being in a position to shrug, Steve only flicked an eyebrow at Sam and then said, “Need to clear my mind.”
He’s really fucked things up. Tony’s not the man he lashed out as in the living room tonight. He respects people. He climbs up, feels his way to the bathroom and turns on the faucets. He lets the water run until it’s too hot and splashes the water on his face, hissing as he does. Rhodey once told him it would come back to bite him.
Steve makes an unintelligible noise. Tony scrubs a hand down his ass and then fingers him, touching his hole. Steve jerks.
“Not really. I could call in some favors. Find out who is making what move. It might help.”
Steve spins on his stool and leans back to see if he can catch sight of Jarvis. “How do you know? Is that one of -.” He stops. “How can you tell?”
Now, that didn’t should promising. Steve followed. Bucky went to the door as if Steve was forcing him, not looking back. Steve took in none of the surroundings, a skill he’d developed over his time as Captain America. His lack of assessment paralleled his numbness and fear. As they approached it, Steve said in a low voice, “If you don’t want to do this now-.”
Laughing, Tony hunches over Steve and searches his face. “You okay?”
Steve drops the bag to the side and settles on the bed. He touches Tony’s shoulder. “Tony? I’m right here. How are you feeling? I won’t leave again.”
“What?”
“Cover up,” Steve orders, because he doesn’t need Miss Potts reprimanding him if Tony catches his death from the cold weather. Tony doesn’t protest. Steve goes to the pack horse and checks his reins, they’re tied off well on Steve’s horse, but he still worried that they will end up losing the animal if the water’s too rough. He’ll make an assessment once they get down to the river from the plateau.
Tony cups Steve’s cheek. “Go to the park. Both of us. Just hang out. Relax.”
“That’s probably why he’s going to be terminated,” Pep hisses in his ear. “We don’t have time for th-.”
This is a partial reconstruction of a story where Steve is a prostitute in NYC that Tony (pre-IM) picks up one night. It isn't as simple as all that though.
Tony screams and curses. Steve groans and cries out. It’s not a perfect thing, these moments between them, but it is true. It burns and scorches his brain as he hunkers down with his ass in the air and Steve thrusts into him, his moaning more like primitive growls of want. He glances back over his shoulder and glimpses the strain, the pronounced muscles on Steve’s chest, the bulging of his biceps and his legs as he rams into Tony. The glide of Steve inside of him, running against his muscle ring, titillates and overwhelms him. He’s so full. Thick and powerful, Steve slams against Tony and then draws out with excruciating slowness. Tony pushes back to meet him and then Steve bends over him and wraps a hand around his head to hold him in place so that they can kiss. And then with a quick jerk of his hips, Steve’s coming. Hot fluid spills into Tony and he shudders out his own climax. It is over too soon and they flop down onto the bed.
Steve got on the bed, kneeing his way over to Tony. “Sure.” Tony joined him on the bed and went to unbutton Steve’s shirt – though his hands were shaking. Steve clasped them. “I’m nervous too.”
“You can talk to me,” Tony says and reaches out his hand. Steve steps up to clasps it. “I’m gonna miss you.”
Tony only bows his head in response.
“Are those black cherries?” Steve says and swallows as his mouth waters. He puts his hand to his mouth, embarrassed.
“True, but they are going to track us,” Steve replied as he scanned the sky for any other fighters.
“I know, I can’t leave the town-.”
“Touch me, touch me,” Tony murmurs and Steve complies with his hands, a gentle stroke over thighs and then he reaches lower, touching Tony. He takes the weight of Tony’s balls in his hands, feels the velvet and then strokes them as Tony lays his legs wide.
“Yes, I’d like to call you something other than hey you,” Tony snaps. At least he can get rid of the omega once the Council meeting is over. He can put him out of his misery. Pausing he cleanses his rising emotions as he stuffs himself back into his trousers. “If you want to die, I can arrange that. I’m not threatening you, but if that’s what you want. After – after I claim the High Alpha Chair you are more than welcome to off yourself.”
Blu reaches his paw up and lays it gently on Tony’s shoulder. He blinks his big eyes at him and then nods.
It was left like that open and possible, so Tony took it as a win.
“And you are in trouble,” Tony says and crawls up the piano. The dissonant notes sound as he brutally ignores his treatment of the instrument. He shoves Steve up onto the piano proper. “I think I need better access.”
Tony puts his weight on both feet and stands up. “Because I can’t see right?” Tony points to the digital art set up. “You’ll digitize everything. You can draft and sketch to your heart’s content on the table, but you’ll need to digitalize it. Then my computer set up, called Friday, will transfer those images to the set up you saw me using in the main lab. I can manipulate it and change it, revise it to what I need. Then you need to make the changes so that we can fabricate it.”
“Welcome to the outer rim.” Tony starts down the path to the house before Steve grabs his collar and jerks him back.
Richards stops the recording and faces Tony. “That’s all there is. I don’t have anything else. I did some studies in other realities to pin down what these Ornari are. Really nasty creatures. Come in and literally consume the worlds they invade. All the while they look for what they say is the Perfect Seed.”
He doesn’t see her face, her expression, but hears the sharp inhale. “No, Tony, you don’t know what you-.”
After a long fifteen minutes in silence, Logan speaks up. “So did it work?”
“No, you can’t,” Steve says. “You can’t give me anything. Except for what you pay me. That’s it. You shouldn’t even be here. Please leave.”
Steve hasn’t heard a lot about the Secretary of Prime Station; he knows that Secretary Pierce’s father played a role in the first incursions decades ago. The Secretary spent much of his life playing the bureaucrat throughout the governments of the Conclave, serving for one faction or another over the years. The independence of the station lured the Secretary to service on Prime. He’s been the head of the station for over a decade. Steve’s never met him and had really hoped never to meet him.
“It’s rifer. But who says rifer? Still with more rife, sounds better.” Tony mumbles and then peeks out the window again as he paces the room. “We need that backpack.”
“Okay, okay,” Tony says after considering their proposal. “It’ll have to include some other pieces. But we can work on the agenda-.”
“You have to do that slow,” Tony says, examining the damage. It’s not severe; they weren’t outside for more than 45 minutes Steve estimates. “Here, let me.” He reaches for Steve’s hand, but he pre-empts him.
Tony refused. “No. I am not letting him out of my arms.”
Now, he shudders since he can barely move his head or lift it. He cannot move his arms or his legs. He is too weak to speak. Iron Man stands over him as he lies on the gurney. Iron Man retracts the gauntlet, the faceplate and looks down on Steve. All Steve can think about is ripping the faceplate away, how he wanted to see Tony’s eyes – how he needed – needed Tony to understand so much – that the fight was never about right or wrong. It was about love. Steve loved Tony – still loves Tony, but he will always love Bucky. Bucky will always be his family but never his alpha. He knows that he wanted Tony to understand it. He thinks maybe Tony never will.
“Just tell me the location, okay?” Steve said and then thought maybe he should have called Nat. The possibility that their phones were off due to the fact they were in a safe house had occurred to him.
“I’m vulnerable in the best hands.”
“This tesseract, this cosmic cube, held the essence of space.”
“I have to help him,” Steve had said and he didn’t look at Tony. He focused solely on Bucky as the man seemed to shift through a flickering consciousness. While only moments ago he was present and vibrant in his hatred and anger, he seemed to have fallen into a shadowed pit where he could not parse truth from fiction, past from present.
Tony spins around, but he is not really a figure or shape. He is. He won’t find what he’s looking for by using his Earthly senses. He relaxes into the realm around him, the ocean of stars, the knowledge of hyper-dimensions. He sees his own avatar in the world, proud, intelligent, and curious. Corvid. A crow.
Steve wraps Tony in his embrace. It’s only been two months. How can he be in love in two months? Steve tenderly kisses him and Tony murmurs, “I think I’m falling in love.” It’s a bold move, but tonight is the night for bold moves.
Tony doesn’t have the ability to process the beginning of Steve’s statement – only the end. “What? You’re going back to him?” He thinks he understands the need to kill for the first time in his life. “He’s going to treat you like dog meat, you get that right? He’s going to have all of his goons fuck you and use you, right? You get that? That’s what he was saying when he was choking and fucking you.” Tony can’t stop his voice from raising, from closing in on growling out the words. “You get that he wants to rape you on a regular basis? Probably wants to chain you up and fuck you until you’re god damned dead.”
“If people had minded their own business it wouldn’t be bad. How many people know about it?” Steve asks. “Ross?”
“Professionals?” He swallows down his fear. “I don’t understand?”
“Stalls?”
“Bingo!” He jumps to his feet. “What if these could be interconnected then, somehow?”
“Captain? Are you in pain? Is there something wrong?” Cho asks as she leans over him. The heart monitor screeches in protest.
Compelled, the omega does as told but his mannerisms show that he’s not happy about it. He’s wearing the leathers that Tony assigned to him as an omega warrior. The breastplate with pauldrons are dark in color. Tony hasn’t given him the red and gold of the Stark family crest yet. His arms are bare but will eventually have bracers and gloves. He wears leather trousers without boots. His feet are bare. Around his neck he wears Tony’s collar which glimmers with the Stark family colors.
“His memory?”
“What? Why?” Tony cups his cheek.
“We need unity. You know that, you’ve said it before.” Stane shakes his head and throws up his hands. “I don’t know what to do with you. You don’t listen. Tony, I’m doing this for your own good. What happens when this war is over – if it ever is – and people like Justin or heaven forbid Pierce realize that you have such sway over the common people? You know what happens? They move in, they take over. I’m trying to protect you.”
Steve wants to tell her he’s not a captain anymore, but his mouth declines to cooperate and he only manages a low groan. He can’t believe how weak he is, how all of his energy has drained from him since the flight. In the Iron Man armor, Tony bends over. The servos spin and then Steve is gently lifted into his embrace. He feels young and old at the same time. Tony carries him across the small space, the laboratory lights flashing above Steve as he tries to concentrate but fails. Tony stops, lingering and not bending down to the cradle.
He gasps a little and, for one horrifying moment, he thinks she knows that Captain America is turning tricks to survive. Yet, he knows that she would never leave him, never allow him to fall so far from grace if she knew. It has to be – “You believe he could have survived? That he -.”
Maybe it wasn’t, but Steve still wanted Tony’s body close to him, wanted to share the joys of surrender and love with him. Giving Tony blood and offering his life became Steve’s mantra. Tony – so young as a vampire – yet with old eyes. Eyes of someone who had been betrayed as a human and seen his parents’ funerals too young. Eyes that shifted between the darkest brown to the lightest azure blue. Every moment those eyes landed on Steve, shared a glance or a gaze with Steve, were precious to him. The stars were nothing to Tony’s eyes.
Steve pulled away and wiped at his eyes. “Sam went to find out about the arrangements.”
“In my building? You didn’t realize I would be in my own building,” Tony snapped. Because why not? Every time he saw the Star Spangled Wonder he wanted to claw his own eyes out.
He left the kitchen and Steve stood staring at the cooling omelets and his stomach flipped over considering his next actions. As he remained paralyzed a fresh tingling spread over his arm and centered on the soul mark for Brother. Steve winced and clamped his hand over his wrist.
Steve pauses before he exits, and then checks in with his identified Honor Guard members for Tony and his party security. It will take some doing to get the Stark Corp assigned to the Howling Commando, and since the party will need to leave in less than twenty four hours. The timing and scheduling for the security of the different delegates is precise and needs adherence.
“Yeah," Clint answered. The soul lines pitched and synchronized as his purpose clarified. "The dead have awakened.”
Tony grins and quirks an eyebrow. “And I will. I’m taking Steve with me.” Opening his hand palm up, Tony offers it again to Steve. “Are you ready Steve?”
“Oh don’t do that, Captain.”
“Well, it has been a long time since we talked as friends. We have been caught up in this soul pack and team machinations. And I miss our camaraderie.”
“We’re not really married, Steve. I can stay out as long as I like.”
He yanks out his phone and dials the number.
Strange ushers him along and Steve allows it. His mind whirls at the idea of Tony’s dreams disappearing. While Steve’s dreams have also wilted, he’s made new. He hopes and prays that Tony’s found new purpose in life, that he can
Steve shrugged and gazed at the projected soul network around them. “I used to watch the snow fall from my room. I sat there and stared out the frosted window. I’d see all the snow flakes and think about how they were all different. I knew I was different, but I couldn’t put it into words. Maybe I was afraid to. I had a friend, he was gay.” He stumbled over that last word. “The kids knew it too. They beat him up, teased him. It was terrible. I think I focused on my health, on helping my mom when I could. I knew I was different, but I didn’t want to know how.” He cleared his throat. “And then Peggy happened, and I have to admit, I was overjoyed, relieved that I found her attractive, that I wanted to dream about a life with her.”
“Now, now, Thad,” Pierce said as he entered the cell. He paused and then coughed. Taking out a handkerchief, Pierce said, “God, the stink is terrible.” He frowned and wiped his eyes and nose with the hanky. “Now, Thad, as I was about to say, I think we can give Agent Barton here a reprieve.”
Tony shrugs it off and gestures. “After you.”
The snow picks up as they head toward the cabin. It’s only up the bank to the river and to the side, sheltered from the worst of the storm. The cold bites at him and he grits his teeth as the wind beats at them. In his arms, Tony pushes forward making progress difficult.
“What?” Steve heard himself say.
“Come,” Thor said and gestured for him to follow. “Let us talk.”
“You know when I was a kid we had a waffle maker in the shape of a Captain America shield. It was pretty neat.” Tony smiles as he leans his cheek against his hand, watching Steve. “Hmm, I don’t think you’re going to be able to spar. Where did you put all of that?” Tony asks. Steve’s figure is the epitome of human perfection.
“You treat me like I’m a toddler,” Tony scowled. He glanced away, hating the feel of Thor’s eyes on him. The elder vampire chuckled, a hearty and healthy laugh.
Clint taps his one ear as he hangs up the clothes on the closet door. “Listen, you don’t have to justify anything to me. Without the cochlear implants I’d be totally deaf. I get it, you don’t have to sell me on it at all.”
He nods. “Yes, I haven’t been before.”
Delirious with heat, Steve salivates and moans. Before he has a chance to adjust to the length and thickness – because the alpha is larger, so much larger than he’s used to- the man starts to pump. He grabs Steve’s head as he pounds into him, not giving Steve a chance to perform at all.
“Extermination,” Natasha said. “It’s an easy way to say they have to do it. You have to understand that some of the families of vamps are happy to have them still alive. They have their loved ones but they’re vampires. It’s okay with them. They don’t want to see their loved ones wiped out. That’s a small minority, but vocal enough that they have to do this subtly.”
The man is beautiful and strong and powerful. Everything that Steve should want. He looks nothing like Tony at all. Which is a good thing. He’s taller than Steve by about 2 inches and that cows Steve somehow. His gut roils and he feels himself harden. His Wakandan dark skin tones are a complete opposite of Steve’s Irish lighter tones. He wonders how their bodies would look against one another- the contrast attracts his artist’s eye- and yet it sends him a little into his primal omega state. He likes it.
Steve hurries into his quarter and immediately taps his implant requesting to speak with Scott at the Brothel. He refuses to talk to Wanda; her accent will come on thick as she tells him what a mistake he’s making. Scott’s a much easier ear to talk to – at least Steve hopes that to be the case.
“Steve, he’s gonna be there,” Bucky says and slumps down into the chair opposite the desk again.
Sweeping dunes of snow dotted with rocky mountains greet him. The rocks are grey and blue in color but with a hint of red as if Ultron painted them specially to emphasize blood and death. When they first arrived in this rim they’d set out toward the mountain ridge thinking it would offer protection from the blizzard. Now Steve surveys the ridge line, the steepled peaks, looking for any crag or cavern that might hint of a Passage. The sun is barely out peeking through the foothills to the east. The snow cover glitters in the coming dawn’s light.
The threat of Stark taking the doctor away stops Steve. He flashes a look over at Banner and notes that he concentrates on Stark, not meeting Steve’s gaze, clearly showing his allegiance. It isn’t a surprise; he came with Stark as a package deal. Steve can’t say no, not with Peter’s uncle so sick and Clint’s hearing problem, as well as Bucky’s continued debilitating pain.
Steve quakes. His hands at his temples shake. He pitches forward, bending nearly in two. “I know. I know.” He’s blinking and sucking in breath like a fish out of water. “I know. I just-.”
“Thank you.” He brings it toward his chest, cradling the toy against him like a babe. “And I do know it, Tony. That wasn’t the first time I died as a lion.”
“Perhaps, tonight?” Steve says and his voice is low and harsh in his throat.
“Coffee?” The man throws a wad of cash on the counter. “Keep the change.”
“You’re very beautiful,” Tony whispers.
“Oh,” Steve tried to formulate an adequate response, but nothing came to his brain. Everything went incredibly, horribly blank. He stared at the floor of their cabin, didn’t think to breath, or blink. “Oh.” It was all he could muster.
“What the-?” Tony looks from the piles of branches to the lion and then back again. “Shit. How did you know? How did you get that?”
“Not all things your father built and wanted were wrong, look at you. He wanted you-.”
It isn’t Stark who asks the next question but Banner. “And why is that?”
“I see you got a call, too.”
And so we say goodbye to this verse. I hope you enjoyed it and that it gave you some happiness along the way. I know who each of the future new pack members are. But I am ending it here, so that we can always look at the Beloved universe and know that they are happy and well together.
Over the next hour, Tony chases Blu around their camp, across the stream, and through a gentler slope of the hills. He increases the intensity of the beam and Blu encourages him, loving the crash and explosions that occur when he angles his ‘shield’ just the right way. By the end, they are both spent and Tony’s hurting. He lies down in the field and grips his ribs. His breathing tightens in his chest. His decreased lung capacity isn’t helping matters any. Blu stares at him, studying him and then nudges him with his snout.
“You can’t go back in, Tony,” Natasha says and moves away from Sam. She grips the side of the gurney, her knuckles white with tension. “It was touch and go. We waited as long as we could before we pulled you out.”
“Geez, what the hell? How about coffee?”
He paused, hand on the door knob.
Tony looks up the ceiling, hoping it will stop the tears from falling, but his cheeks are wet, and the sobbing breaths steal the air from his lungs. He doesn’t want to be the man he used to be. He wants to be someone good. He wants to erase the deaths of innocents from his hands.
He couldn’t see as the tears blinded him; he couldn’t breathe as the weeping blocked the air from his lungs. “What did you do? You god damned fucking bastard!”
As he dosed he felt Tony’s weight against him and found solace that at least he could give his Beloved this small gift.
"Clearing the way. Can't wait to smell you."
“Yes, sir?”
He can't help but giggle and he wonders what Yinsen thinks of him. He glances over at the man who somehow manages to keep a small bit of a civilized air around him even in the hell of the cave and the terror from their captors. He has no idea how long Yinsen has suffered through a captivity. All he knows is that he's only got this thin reed of a man with a calm voice and a quiet demeanor to get him through the days.
“Oh, I didn’t.”
“A lot,” Steve says. “But it happened a while ago, right? So, I think the danger is not immediate. The Lower Realm broke through barriers and that hasn’t happened in a millennia. If they succeed, reality comes crashing down.”
Steve curls his hand between them, capturing his erection and stroking it, pushing it through his hand wet with Tony’s own precome. Tony arches up and into it. It’s more than he can bear. His hyper awareness of touch overwhelms. The sensation grips him and he bucks again and that’s all it takes. Steve’s motion becomes erratic and then he’s shoving hard and fast into Tony, the sounds are raw and yearning. He stutters to a stop and comes. The final jerk of his hand sends Tony over the edge as well and he blanks out, his shadowy vision white and then suddenly so black.
Steve recognizes Fury’s voice without even turning around. “Nick?”
That’s when Pepper calls and throws all of his theories into the toilet.
That was something omegas never spoke of – it was their truth. Steve hadn’t spoken of it then, not at all. Tony didn’t need to know. He didn’t need to realize that Steve’s gland reacted and bonded – or ached to bond with Tony. It selected for Steve. Maybe it was their chemistry, maybe it was something more profound, but they were bound to one another like soul mates together.
“Of course, he will. You’re the only way to stop him.”
“Onward,” Tony said with a gesture for Steve to lead the way. As they entered the elevator and it closed, Tony quelled his reservations. Once he’d looked at Pepper as an angel. Tony had thought that Malibu and Pepper would be his last refuge when in fact the world literally tumbled down on his head. How could he believe after a quickie blow job and hand job that Steve committed to him? That would be naïve and incredibly stupid. Even with Pepper, Tony fucked it up.
Yet his Companion yelps and turns her head to him, her pricked ears pointed toward him, her blue crystal eyes like the summer sky pierce with an unnatural ice. She looks at him and everything drains away. Only her essence, her existence whispers to him and he knows at that moment he's just experienced something profound and wondrous.
“Oh?” That’s right. Steve has every 7th day off. To do whatever a comic book artist does – something with some type of comic book called Iron Man or something. That’s what he just told Tony – or that’s what Tony thinks he heard. All he can think about is his empty, cold hands. “That’s right. Well, see you then on Sunday, Steve.”
“Days?”
Steve curses under his breath but continues. The slope grows steeper; the rocks sharper and more flaky. When Steve grabs hold, the rock shatters in his hand. “I’m going to have to use the rope completely to get us up. I can’t use the rocks anymore.”
When he checked out of the hospital it was with Bruce, Natasha, and Sam at his side along with Clint who never even once asked to be part of the pack. Steve respected him for that and wished he wanted to welcome another member, but with Bucky and Tony still outstanding, Steve needed to focus on the next steps.
“The bonds feel frayed.”
“Blu?” Tony says and his voice scrapes the air.
She removed her arm from his back and then reached for his hand again, holding it tightly. “Did you feel violated?”
“Fuck!” Tony screamed, and his body quaked in response. He settled as Rumlow went back to his duty.
“By the Soul Keeper.”
Steve knows Tony’s right; they have no other choice. Steve has to keep on task. Climbing the mountain, getting to the Passage is their only goal. But there’s no guarantee that whatever happens in this virtual world won’t harm them somehow – physiologically or psychologically – in the real world. Hell, people are known to bully others online for the sadistic thrill of power – only to find out that there’s real harm to it.
“My pleasure, sir.”
Steve had nodded, arms folded over his chest. His muscles tightened from tension and disuse. He’d felt nothing but worthless over the last few weeks as they tried to hunt down a faceless foe.
It warms him just to think about the idea of Steve. Being cooped up on the island, a cold one at that, Steve never complained. He worked with Tony. He offered different activities as entertainment. They’d roasted marshmallows and made smores. Steve found audio books online and they closed many evenings listening to books from non-fiction biographies to space fantasies that Steve seemed to favor. Even on his day off he would wander down to talk to Tony at lunch or even dinner. Tony put it down to the lack of company in general, but then he heard from Wanda that Steve and Pietro often went running in the early dawn hours. So maybe, just maybe, Steve chose to be with Tony, wanted his company.
The other scientist leaned down and took forceps to peel away what skin and muscle that clung to the glands. “No, look, we still have the root of the gland in perfect health. It should motivate the corpse.”
A bird chirped in the distance and Steve listened to it. A brook not far off from the cabin gurgled and ran, the current a song in the forest. He heard the bugs crawling through the underbrush and the life around him vibrating along the lines of the soul. Every life, every breath strengthened it, empowered it. He brought it together to weave an invitation to his Brother, to his Beloved.
“I doubt that.” Tony grips the handles like his life depends on it – it just might.
They lie there connected and panting for minutes in silence.
Zola had been a rouge agent during the war. Some lunatic from the old world settled into the bogs and bayous of the Mississippi, terrorizing the local population and others in the surrounding area. He liked to do what he called scientific experimentation. When he'd ventured further North and Bucky fell into his hands, he'd spent the better part of his time torturing Bucky for the Southern cause but under no one's true command. The Southern Generals didn't even know about Zola, he had been a loose cannon, operating independently.
“Not one that’s not a uniform, sir. Sorry.” He thumbs it behind him. “I’ll just let myself out.”
Steve closes his eyes, forcing himself not to think about, not to want Tony’s bare mouth, his tongue, his teeth along his cock. He tells himself this is good; this is good enough. It is wondrously hot. Tony swallows him, letting the tip of his cock slide along the roof of his mouth and then as he hits the back, the prince swallows again. It sends a pulse of need so greedy and distraught that Steve cries out. Grabbing at the prince’s hair, Steve pumps once, then twice. Tony yanks away and Steve whines his protests.
“Tell me?”
Clint pops out of the closet as soon as the door to the bathroom closes. “He should have been out of bed an hour ago. You two need to get to the clinic before the media gets there. This is big news.”
"Redwing coming in to help you."
Steve groans as she delves deeper to clear out all the shrapnel.  He closes his eyes and tries not to think about the war; what happened there. He cannot stop the images, cannot stop the barrage of smells and horrid reminders of a war that took Bucky’s arm and left him with sleepless nights and an overwhelming urge to disappear and go to sleep for years.
“No,” Steve returned. “Going to serve my country.”
“I think I can walk a few miles without falling over and going into stasis, Tony.”
“Missed me or missed Blu?”
“My mom was kind of an artistic type,” Tony says. “Hence the Maria Stark Foundation. She had a degree in Art History, lived in Paris until my dad stole her away from all of that.”
“Natasha.” Steve sounds like a wounded animal, begging for relief, begging for help and only encountering the end of a hunter’s gun. “Please.”
“He’s pack, too,” Steve interjected. He handed the tablet back to Hill. Now it was his turn to close off with arms over his chest. “He could be lured by the twins either for good or-.”
you.” God, was he making a mistake? Natasha told him not to push it. That he had to learn to accept what Bucky had become, but he couldn’t do that without acknowledging that part of Bucky would always be Hydra. “I know you.”
Steve lets the memories fade and asks Tony, “How will we know when we entered into the Ultron perimeter?”
What is that supposed to mean? Tony doesn’t ask, but steps closer. “Can you tell me if you’re hurt?”
“You’re being so dramatic, Sheriff.” Tony says and picks up his glass. “Drink your port and then come to bed with me.”
“Practice?” Tony asked.
“That you weren’t entirely human,” she said and then winked at him. She squeezed his hands. “I’m Shuri, by the way. And you’re Captain America. Glad to have you here. Glad I could help.”
When the helicopter lands at the airstrip, there’s a private jet on the tarmac waiting for them. Steve can’t seem to figure out how Pepper mobilized all of this so quickly, but he’s thankful for it, nonetheless. They transfer over to the private jet with little objections from Tony. Although he says nothing, Tony seethes – Steve can tell. Tony ignores the medics and goes to the back of the jet where there’s a private room. He closes the doors. The medics look to Steve for assistance.
“The Passage may not be distinct, but it will there. It might be a visual queue, an auditory one. It can even be an action,” Tony said.
Tony can’t help but notice his bare feet. Even his god-damned feet are beautiful and Tony’s not a foot man – or at least he didn’t used to be.
Tony smiles, graciously and welcoming. “Now, Steve, let’s get the show on the road.” Steve stands up and rubs his hands on his pants once. Tony waves to Pepper. “Please have Jarvis come in and measure Steve. We’ll need to get him a new wardrobe.”
“But you fell for Peggy,” Sam said. Everyone knew the story, the love story.
He waited for Tony to respond, but when he didn’t Steve said, “If you blame anyone, Tony, blame me. I was stupid and arrogant and thought I could do anything back in the day. Hell, I was Captain America. I was the one who let Bucky fall from that train. If it hadn’t been for me, then Bucky wouldn’t have been subjected to years of torture. He wouldn’t have been the Winter Soldier. If anyone is responsible for your parents’ deaths it’s me. Put the blame on me.”
“God, no!” Tony said and clamped his hand around Steve’s limp hand. “No. Don’t say that.”
He hated to tell people they were out of a job. “We’re going to survey the situation and then our plans are to decommission the site. We’ll transfer those personnel to other sites if possible.”
He grits his teeth as Natasha perches over him; in her hand she holds a pair of tongs.  He’s not sure he wants to know their original purpose. When he flinches as she pries at the open wound on his shoulder, she glares at him.
“Do you want to sit down? We can order some burgers.”
Bucky frowns. There's a question. He taps on the console to pull up a schematic of the fortress. Sam's right, he's always the voice of reason when Bucky is the voice of chaos. "Yeah okay. I can see the southwest corner where I think the prison block is might have a shoot going into the sewer. Find us there."
Thor stood at the center of the conference room, his face perplexed and questioning. Of course, as an alien, he didn’t have the same biology. The mitigating factor depended on his background as a leader. He understood the chain of command, and well a commander on his knees – too willingly drop – might not break for the right side of the equation.
“What? That we follow the dictates of our nature?” Tony says. “Yes, I believe we should do just that, but I also believe that some of what goes on has gone too far.” Dropping his arms, Steven allows Tony to continue to clean him and massage his muscles.  “You know the way you act, the way you are defiant – oh don’t try and play coy with me – I would swear you were a man out of time. As if you saw a day when all the castes were equal.”
Tony stood there frozen with the possibilities. He looked down at his chest where the iron rod had pierced him and all he saw now was a shining disc. He lifted his hand and touched it. It felt neither hot or cold, though it almost had a bluish sheen to it – a cold fire in his chest. He opened the palms of his hands and small discs were there too with the same ethereal glow. What had happened to him? This transformation of his vampire abilities should terrify him, but it only set off new questions in his scientific brain. Thor controlled the atmosphere, Natasha slipped through dimensions, and now, he could summon energy.
“It’s as if he takes care of them,” Tony says and scans the single room. He glances at the door and imagines the woman across the hallway. The money.
“Gonna give you all I got. I want you all the time. You feel so good, so fucking perfect. All the damned time. Night and day. Wanna live inside you,” Tony divulges a litany to Steve, but it seems more like a secret he shouldn’t be admitting to him. He nuzzles into Steve’s neck, nipping him as he thrusts. He laps at the water and then bites down hard until Steve cries out not with pain but with unalloyed arousal. He bashes the shower wall with a fist and hisses through his teeth.
“But you will judge.” They’ve been friends for too long for Jamison to just leave it at that – they’ve known each other since before Tony’s wild days.
“She’s just outside here, no problems with her hooves. She looks in prime condition, though I think she saw some of the war, too?”
Except he knew that being Beloved bestowed nothing of the sort on him. Sure, Tony should have stayed at Steve’s bedside after the whole blowing up SHIELD thing, but he couldn’t. There was no way in hell that he could stand there and face the idea of being Steve Rogers’ Beloved. After he got back to New York, Tony spent hours reading about it, learning it. He even visited that weird doctor who liked to call himself the Sorcerer Supreme (and wasn’t that the most obnoxious moniker he’d ever heard in his life). Beloved rang with a special closeness that he ran from because of his inability to offer more of himself. Pepper had been right, he used the armor as a cocoon. He shoved the reality of what Beloved meant out of his brain and focused on how he defined himself.  Yet, it slipped into his thoughts uninvited – what would it mean to be Steve’s Beloved. For all time. The bond was unbreakable and thus, Tony would always have someone. Someone close, someone to turn to. The idea fascinated and thrilled and terrified all at once.
“I don’t know. You should?” Tony shrugs. “We’re not changing your brain. We’re only going to cut you off from him so the seizures and infiltrating shared lives will be stopped.”
“It could be read that way, but I read it that he gets to decide what his life is. As long as it’s him making the decision for him and not for you- and that you aren’t making the decision for him, I think you’re in the clear.”
“You like it?”
He doesn’t explain anything more. He only flees from the hospital floor.  Doctors approach him as he beelines it to the elevators, but he only waves them off. Getting on the lift, JARVIS thankfully reads his mind and closes the doors before anyone can follow him. He sinks to the floor. “What the hell was that?” His fantasies never go from hot and bothered to fucking nightmare in one go. That’s not how Tony works. His body quakes and a cold creeps up his spine. His whole body rebels on him, shivering against a cold that’s just not there. Tony blinks several times, trying to focus, trying to get his mind away from what just happened. He loved every minute with Steve in that dream, but not the rest of it. What the fuck just happened? And why did it happen?
“But how human can you be when you’re a Nazi?”
Steve hears and exhausted sigh. “Listen, Obie, like I said before we’ll talk tomorrow.”
“All?” Tony says and he jokes. “I hope not all good?”
“Approximately 400 pounds, sir.”
Steve steps to the map – the wooziness of the dream sequence coils in his gut. He nods. He knows this as if he lived it. “The marauders won’t be a problem. It’s the Ornari we have to worry about.”
“How do you have them?” Steve takes the keys. If Tony had the keys on him all this time, this wasn’t something that he just did on a whim. “You planned this.”
“Are you going to leave me?” Blu asks.
Tony smiles. “Of course, we. As long as we can get our shit together and stop hiding crap from one another. I think we can do pretty good together.”
“Just sit over there. This would have been easier if you were a lion. I could’ve ridden.” He is not going to be able to collect all the pieces and easily cart them back. He’s going to have to leave something to mark the area and come back for it.
Loki lowers the staff. “And why not? You lose time, dear Captain. Time ticks onward. At any moment you may very well lose your life, or he may lose his. And here you hide away, what’s dearest in your heart.”
Tony settled on the ratty looking rug in front of the fireplace. “Our pack?”
Before he left, Obie turned and said, “I’m only trying to help, Howard.” His answer was a tumbler of amber liquid crashing against the doorframe. Obie only shook his head and left. Tony watched him go, wondering if he should chase after him, beg him to help his dad, but instead he stayed firmly in place.
Tony grimaced and curled further in on himself. Of course, Steve and his blood – the serum – held so many keys, and Steve’s had always been the only genetic make-up that had ever worked with the serum – ever. So they needed him to stay alive. But how alive and what kind of life?
The nurse immediately addressed their concern. “Sir, he awoke this morning and managed to knock one doctor out and injure a nurse. We had no other choice. We’ve been trying to-.” She stopped as Clint screamed and spittle few out of his mouth. Clearing her throat, she said, “We’ve been trying to find the doctors who treated him at SHIELD, but it’s been futile.”
“It’s only out of respect, which I am not sure that you’ve earned.”
Steve groans a little and Alpha grunts as well. He tears at Steve’s hair but won’t allow him any purchase, any maneuverability. Steve loosens his throat as the alpha pushes deeper, passed his epiglottis. He has to fight not to gag, but the idea of it, the force of it throws Steve further into heat and he smells the fragrance of his own gland as it excretes the bonding elixir.
“There are other trustworthy agents from SHIELD,” Natasha said.
Steve doesn’t answer just holds Tony tighter and they stay that way for the rest of the day, holding tight on what they have in the here and now…
After, Steve curls around him and for a long moment, he thinks that Steve clings to him as someone who wishes for a dream and knows he cannot have it.
Steve takes several deep breaths and forces himself to go lax. His legs tremble a bit, but he manages. He releases a large breath of air and Tony pushes in. A gasp erupts out of him but then he opens and closes his eyes several times.
“Stop with Dummy.” Estane had gripped Tony’s slim arms and shook him. “Listen to me. You want to be a good alpha? You have to fuck that omega, and beat him, and punish him. I’ll take you one of the Stalls.”
“Bruce is not going to be happy,” she said as she lifted a chin to acknowledge his injured hands. “You know he can feel what you do to yourself. We all can, but Bruce especially. You have to take care of yourself. Be careful for him.”
“Thor. The hammer. Move it. Now.” She sounded strong, confident but when Tony really concentrated on her, he recognized the dark circles, the bleary look to her. He should tell her this wasn’t her fault. It was, but it wasn’t. It was his fault. It was Bucky’s fault. It was fucking someone’s fault.
“You’ve got it,” Steve said and pressed the disconnect after they said their farewells. At least when Sam arrived Steve felt a little more at home. It wasn’t that Steve took Tony’s hospitality lightly at all. The fact that Tony designed floors – apartments – for each of the team members overwhelmed him. Each of the floors had the best technology, yet like his floor, it was designed to make each person feel comfortable. Steve’s apartment had all the bells and whistles but everything had been reconfigured and camouflaged to look like something out of the forties, from the microwave to the television. Sure the television was a flatscreen and huge, but the little wood frame around it with the gold rimming reminded Steve of his radio back in the day.
“That’s weird.” Tony stops in front of him.
Their next moment were something sacred and careful. Tony kissed him and explored him, and Steve marked it as the beginning of their relationship. Not the moment he met him as part of the Avengers, not the day in his apartment when they didn’t bond, not even the moment they bonded, nor the day that Steve had his first hand job, but this moment. The moment when they both freely and openly accepted the Beloved bond between them. They slept entangled with one another and the next morning, Steve welcomed Tony into his body as the sun dawned and painted the landscape outside of the barn in hues of orange and red. He fought against his own dying fears as Tony entered him, as he surrendered to the truth within and became who he was meant to be.
A small child races out of the house the man came from as soon as JARVIS finishes speaking. The boy clings to his father and jabbers on about something.
The sadness, the distance returned and Steve only half smiled. He opened his mouth, releasing Tony’s softening cock with a quick kiss. "You want me to be more than I am but there's nothing else, darling."
hand wrap around his mother’s neck, the delicate bones snapping under pressure of his fingers even as she cried.
“I’m okay with that,” Tony says and shifts around in his seat. He’s never felt this nervous, like a schoolboy. “If it means I get to be alone with you, I’m fine with it.”
“Yeah,” Steve said and flush of heat hit his face. “I heard they are always on again off again.” That dodge was just pitiful.
The cliché of the punching bag didn’t escape him. He tried running and swimming and even some of those things like triathlon stuff, but nothing satisfied as much as a good old punching bag. SHIELD purchased re-enforced bags that hurt his hands and tore them up. Most of the time when he spent hours in the Triskelion gym beating the shit out of bag after bag he had to wait a few hours before he could use his hands again. Bruce always rung him up afterward to give him a good dressing down.
Instead, he urged the bike faster down the runway. The gunner opened fire and the bullets sprayed over the bridge, shooting up concrete. He weaved through the fighter’s gunfire, plucked his shield into his hand, and aimed it toward the rotary engine. It went true to its target as he leapt from the bike and onto the top of the jet. Jerking the shield from the damaged engine, Steve tried to balance but the pilot flipped the jet to the side. He went airborne but used his shield as a pick ax and impaled the side of the jet. He hung on one armed. Then, with sheer force of will, he got both hands on the shield and threw his entire body upward into a roll, pulling the shield free as he did. He tossed the shield at the rear engines, hitting one and then the shield ricocheted off it and speared the other one. He ran, caught the shield, and flipped to the pavement below as the fighter came down hard on the bridge.
“The Widow’s Brothel. Thor’s a guard and Loki’s one of the escorts.”
“Wha-?”
“I need more information, what you gave me-.”
But across the table in the booth of the doughnut shop, the man himself sat. Fury. As he cocked an eyebrow at Fury, Tony had recalled what Steve had said once -
Steve heard the shivering fear in Tony’s voice. “No. No, it doesn’t matter. I just want to understand.” He grasped Tony’s hands in his and brought the pulsating light to his lips. Steve found he needed Tony’s strength and support. After all this time, the weakness latched onto him. He kissed each of Tony’s palms and a sliver of heat with the tingle of electricity went through him. “I just want to know you’re all right.”
“Now who’s putting his faith in people,” Steve asks.
“I think you mean it scared the shit out of you,” Steve returned. They had gone out for one last fling on the town before Bucky shipped out. Brooklyn’s idea of a town happened to be something akin to a four corner stop with a fuel station, the local transport station, a bar, and a church. The grocery shop found room in a tiny corner of the fuel station. Since there wasn’t much food there wasn’t much reason for a grocery store.
“It could be.” Strange concedes then. “The chances are small though. We’ve had success in about 20% of our animal studies.”
Over Steve’s shoulder, Tony saw the tenement house across the alley way through the window. He spotted the old lamp on the table next to the bed. It was glass and hand painted. The bedspread beneath him felt hand made. His logical mind told him he was still in his Tower, that this was just a dream.
Tony opens his eyes for a moment, and stares at Steve. His focus looks blurry to Steve, he’s slipping downward, right where he needs to be.
On the other hand, Bruce looked like he was in deep conversation with himself or maybe the other guy – who knew. Bruce – his science buddy and friend – kept his opinions to himself. But his eyes when they met Tony’s were soft and sympathetic. He would get it. Tony had no idea if Bruce was Dom or Sub or Neutral. But the man had a raging beast inside of him, and he had to understand that each and every one of them presented a face to the world, and that face only a select few would ever see. Bruce wasn’t the problem.
JARVIS began. Most of the information seemed to be created by an underground movement similar to fandoms, where outsiders of the soul pack fantasized about what it might be, including shaping myths and rules about it. From having names scrawled on arms, to timers counting down, to not being able to tell a lie to your soul mate – how awful would that be? One interesting blog seemed to have an inside track on soul mates and soul packs.
Clint launched arrows into the field of robots as Sam rocketed into the air, guns at the ready. Steve crouched down, protecting Nat from the barrage of fire. Thunder cracked through the sky as rain suddenly broke from a cloudless day. Iron Man whizzed passed them but the fire power from the Legion blinded Steve as he expanded his soul to encompass all of his pack.
“There are times I need my Submissive to be at my beck and call even out of a scene. Are you prepared for that; I wonder?” Tony leaned over and kissed Steve’s cheek, his eyelids and then he nudged a little at his mouth. “I wonder if you really want to be my Submissive. How much would you give over to me.” His words were a breathy whisper. “How much would you surrender?”
“Howard was drunk. Really, really drunk. So, you know how it is kids, don’t drink and drive. Well, dear old dad didn’t listen.” Pepper leans in and whispers in his ear. He nods and raises a hand. “My lovely CEO – Pepper Potts – isn’t she the best?”
Steve sits back, his pillows piled high against the headboard of their shared master bedroom high in the Stark Tower. The sun peeks through the blinds of their bedroom, sending a streak of rays across their bed. It doesn’t bother Tony at all. The light strikes his face, his chest. As Steve gazes at his husband, he sees the stages of Tony drifting closer to wakefulness. He shifts a little as if he’s seeking something, his hand reaches out and Steve moves his hand. Tony finds it, grasps it, quiets. It’s Tony’s left hand, the one that Steve placed a ring on not quite 3 years ago. They could have had a whirlwind romance, in fact they did, but then they spent so much time in each other’s pockets they didn’t think about marriage until Sam mentioned it. It had been a given to both of them that they would always be together, the legality was formality. Sam, Pepper, Rhodey, Bucky all bugged them until they finally tied the knot.
“They did a study once. Found that very symmetrical people are considered beautiful. You’re pretty symmetrical.” Tony pretends he didn’t just tell Steve how beautiful he is. Instead, he explores further, touching the bridge of his nose. “Your nose isn’t perfectly straight is it?”
“The store?” Clint starts playing with the coffee machine and it whines in protest. Tony truly and honestly cannot believe how many of the Avengers cannot operate simple machinery but can somehow fly complicated jets, figure out complex weapons, and shut down enemy (and alien) ships.
“No, I want a blue raspberry,” Steve says, just to be contrary. He’s actually not fond of the blue raspberry flavor.
Tony flinches at the retort. “You deserve to be trussed up and mounted in public for that.”
He had no answers. There was nothing to figure out. Nothing at all. He refused to turn around, to face his friends, his team, his pack. He needed space, so he raced away. When he turned the corner and out of their sights, Tony took to running to the elevators avoiding the medical staff and anyone who noticed him or called out to him. Getting to the elevators, he didn’t have to wait for one. JARVIS must have been monitoring his movements and the lift opened immediately as he approached. He entered, and the car closed without hesitation.
“Med-bay?” Steve turned around and looked over his shoulder at the windows. They were hazed to dark and he couldn’t see outside of them. “Where are we?”
“Oh? What? I’d like to hear about Steve’s night with.” Tony turns to Rhodey. “What did the media call him? A brick house? That guy you were with?”
The prince smiles. “Come, Steve from the Widow’s Brothel. Let me get you something to eat and something to drink.”
Steve enters but stays near the door, to the side, ready to escape.
Just his fucking luck as soon as Tony got Steve in his Tower, showed him the apartment he could be living in, Steve brought up the old war pal, Bucky Barnes. Tony’s nerves bristled when Steve sidestepped their moments together to focus on Barnes. With Steve in his Tower, Tony suddenly needed some sort of equilibration with his pack, especially with Steve. Now, though, he wasn’t even going to get the time required to do that – not only did a psychic blast hit him today with such urgency and insistence that he had to drop everything and rush to Steve’s side, but some half-crazed Hydra henchman was going to block his way. Tony had said he needed time to process, to figure out what being part of this pack really meant to him, but the truth was when coming face to face with Steve, all of his conflicting emotions drained away. Steve – his presence, his very real blood and bone presence – moved Tony like a seismic shift. It almost felt drug like, the need, the want to be close to Steve overwhelmed all of his doubts. Yet, here Steve was pushing his old war buddy who also happened to be an evil traitor.
It’s not him.
That’s when it hits Tony, when he recalls the visit they had in the cave of the red headed woman – Natasha.
The blood filled him with renewal. As it rejuvenated his tissues, it transformed him like a sacred rite, a baptism of rebirth. He shivered with the taste as his tongue began to sense again and his throat worked for more and more. He wanted it all. With all the blood, his vampire needs grew heavy in his mind with no other thoughts materializing. His mind and spirit sank into the purity of the taste, the tang and sweetness. It transformed him. It became him. He wanted only the blood and nothing else. He felt nothing else but its effects. It restored him down to his undead soul. The taste reminded him of love.
“Yeah, he did. He’d gone and saved my ass is what he did. Idiot, told them he wanted to give them some information on you, and the town. Would be-.” He hisses against the pain. “Would be valuable.”
“Not exactly with a man-.”
Maria smiled down at him as she stroked his hair away from his face. “Yes. There’s a famous case where a child went missing in Italy, close to my mother’s village. People looked all over for the child and no one could find the boy. Then one moonless night they heard a strange moaning, but not really a moan. More like a low purr. The villagers followed the sound and found the child cuddled up against old Blu.”
"I'd like to stay," Steve says. "This is what I do now. It helps us stay afloat but under the radar."
“Let me do something,” Tony says as Steve begins to kiss his way down Tony’s throat. He nibbles and suckles as he kisses. It makes him weak in the knees. His resolve fades.
The crowd cheers and yells their approvals.
Tony looked back at the farmhouse where Thor had escaped to and said, “Sokovia, the twins, their parents – they were killed by my bombs. Stark Industries bombs.”
“Why do I think this is a conspiracy against me. Are you and Nat sure you’re not super evil villains?”
“Hopefully,” Steve says. “He’s all I got.”
The flow of the water captures Tony and, for a second, Steve sees his head briefly above the surface as he tries to suck in some needed air. His eyes are wild, his mouth gasping and wide open for air.
“So it’s the Avengers and a few from SHIELD,” Fury said. From there they had sealed his fate. He hadn’t known they picked Tony. Truly, he didn’t even realize that Tony was an alpha. It might have crossed his mind once or twice during the whole Chitauri invasion, but his body had a tendency to shift priorities during invasions and military maneuvers.
“It is ready in the main room. Would you like me to move it to your bedroom?”
“Obie, I know you have good intentions, or at least I hope you do, but I’m not backing down. I am not going to declare myself the leader of the whole Conclave. You know the factions won’t have it.” Tony’s voice is calm, collected, and hushed.
“You know me too well.”
“Do you think there’s someone still there? Someone still Bucky to save?” Tony asked.
It hit him what had really happened. “Oh.” Through the bond. They were communicating somehow. “How’s that work?”
He hates the idea of future reference and doesn’t even know what a lock is. He swallows down his nerves and says, “I usually – I like a prime but I don’t want one here. I know they’re rare. So a typical alpha.”
The door to his quarters swishes open and the clack of the duchess’ shoes echoes in the quarters. He turns to see her and knows instantly he’s in trouble. “What the hell is going on? I received an alert that Tony’s schedule has been changed, significantly. Then I found out it’s the damned whor-the escort. What do you think you’re doing?”
It’s a long ride to the clinic and Steve’s anxious. Pepper’s presence in the back seat just serves to stress him more. When he tries to address the issue, Happy braces his hand and shakes his head. He mouths ‘not now’, and Steve shuts up. They arrive at the clinic and Tony’s ushered away before Steve can even get a glimpse of him. He follows Happy with Tony’s bag slung over his shoulder. He climbs the stairs not really seeing all of the medieval artwork and historical medical devices. He remembers them from the last time they were here. It all looked so horrific. He keeps his eyes down and follows the shuffle of Happy’s feet nearly bumping into him when they stop in a large salon with chairs that look like they are right out of the European Renaissance. He wants to ask where Tony is, but then a door opens, and Pepper joins them in the waiting room. She sees him and her expression hardens. Before she can say anything, a man in an Air Force uniform rushes into the room.
As soon as Steve reappears, Tony is nearly climbing him. “Sorry, Tony. I didn’t think. That was so – damn. I’m really sorry.”
“I hope there’s more than popsicles,” Steve says and follows Tony up the bridge. He feels a little like he’s walked into wonderland. He wonders when the Cheshire Cat might make an appearance.
“I’m not sure. He came with us. I’ll check. Is there anything I can bring you?”
"Now why would I do that?" He gives Steve's arm a subtle shake. "Looks like me and you are going to be fast friends."
The man, the leader says a few words to Tony. Tony looks at Steve and says, “You don’t happen to know Farsi do you?”
Surveying the wooded area, Bucky assesses that it's been richly planted and he spots the growth spikes driven into the ground near the trees. Obviously someone wanted the sapling trees to grow quickly. He glances up at the contorted branches some with dead leaves still on them. This is a planned forest and one that has been forced to develop at an accelerated rate. The only reason would be to refresh old landscaping on government buildings or to conceal and fortify a hide out. Bucky goes with the first. He knocks Sam in the arm and points out one of the growth spikes. Sam sees it and indicates he understands. There will be concealed observation towers or platforms in the woods. Both of the move forward but with eyes to the canopy as well as the grounds. It's Redwing who caws and alerts them when soldier leap down from hidden platforms to confront them.
“Who are you?” Struggling to sit up, Natasha takes the cup away and slides her hand under his arm to boost him.
Steve pulls out his supplies from the inner pocket of his robe, lays a towel onto the floor and settles down to slowly work himself open so that he can fit a thick plug in his ass. It takes some time because he’s always tight – a thing his client truly love about him. He blushes a little just thinking about it. He hopes the prince will be impressed with him. He knows he’s not a brawny kind of fella and that other sex workers are more attractive.
“Yes sir.”
“I can read him clear as a bell. He wants you gone. You’re a problem. You’re the problem.” Alternate Steve smiles and then steps away, giving Tony space, leaving him abandoned, alone to figure out the truth. The shadows shift and move in the corridor like phantoms of their pasts.
“He’s in surgery,” Tony rasps. He can barely force out the words.
“That was like better than sex,” Tony said and then swayed forward back into Steve’s arms. He shivered against Steve.
“We would do it very controlled. We have all kinds of data from animals.”
“Before we do this.” He’s taking the bull by the horns and wrestling it to the ground. “You need to see something.” He pulls the t-shirt off and stands there, waiting to be rejected. He’s been rejected one way or another all his life. Tapping on the wirenet under his scarred skin that serves as his sternum, he says, “It’s fake. Titanium netting. Slowly builds up scar tissue and re-enforces it much like a stent. At first it was pretty flimsy, scared the shit out of me. But now it’s better, firmer. Not much scarring if you consider the-.”
“How do you know I like the rain?” Steve asked. Tony and Steve had never spoken about likes and dislikes. They’d only gone for each other’s throats. When he thought of that fact, it only served to sadden him. The chances they’d missed.
“Well, that’s all good. Neither do I. Means this thing is still working the way it’s supposed to!” Tony grins. “That’s our first step to going home.” Luckily last night when he accessed the arc reactor he didn’t cook himself, just the deer leg. He slips the arc reactor back into place and when he glances over to Blu. As Tony tugs his shirt back on, he notices the lion has turned away from him. Then he realizes what he just said.
“No, you can’t,” Steve says. “Phil can’t really help.”
“Maybe, yes, probably? I don’t know. It’s complex and I only have a sample number of one, me, to work on. Plus-.” He stops. “Plus, the doctors are still worried about the possibility of stroke or seizures. I think I solved the stroke issue, but the seizure threat.” He raises a shoulder. “I just don’t know.”
CHAPTER 7
“Delay!” Tony finishes. “He must have cracks in the system. Fatal flaws that he’s trying to fix before we manage to get there.”
Early on Steve noticed that Tony has a habit of not wearing socks. His toes are slender and his foot highly arched. He’s graceful as he moves like a dancer and Steve wonders if being Iron Man taught him how to become grace in motion.  Next comes his shirt. He doesn’t hesitate, not like when they first started the week. The augmentation scarring his chest glints in the light and, as he throws the tunic to the side and stands vulnerable and naked in front of him, Steve reaches out and lightly touches the glowing implant. Tony shivers at the first touch but then sighs as if just a light brush of fingers brings resolution to his fears.
“I’m sure,” Steve says and gazes out into the community of stars near the Inner Belts. “I’m sure.”
“Why, why did you help me? I punished you. I had you caned. I could kill you. Why are you helping me?” Tony asks.
He loses his breath and after that, he’s not sure what happens. He finds himself back in his car on the way to the airport, his hands clutching the wheel as if he might explode into pieces. Do his desires make him wicked? Is he only after one thing? Is Obie right? Is everyone right?
“There’s the rub, dearest Friday. I can’t see anything.”
“Would you like alphas to fight over you? We could-.”
“Don’t.”
Tony doesn’t look up right away. He keeps his eyes closed as he concentrates on the feeling. “Like I’m missing something. Like if I lose Steve now, I’ve lost every chance I could have had. If I lose him, then the world’s gone askew.” He looks up then, his eyes ache. “I know that sounds like I’ve lost it. But I haven’t. I swear it.”
“Well, we’re not totally naked. And yes, I suppose so,” Steve said and smiled. He cupped Tony’s cheek and then kissed him fully and completely.
Tony finds himself splayed out on the bed, open and wide as Steve tastes and licks along the cleft of his ass. He shivers and falls into that delicious space of need. It burns every one of his nerves and he cannot make a coherent sound as Steve’s tongue breaches him. He goes wild wanting to fuck and be fucked. Steve is right there – accommodating but just a furious with need. He thrusts into Tony with a fierce intent, his eyes open and watching at all times – until the very end when he throws his head back and spills into Tony – filling him, filling him up until he thinks he might burst. He cries out from the heat and the pressure and comes as Steve strokes him fast and hard.
“When do you get your peace? You know, you’re always at war. I don’t think you signed on for this when they injected that magic potion in you,” Bucky says and shares a quiet look with Natasha.
Steve frowned. Tony’s circumstances were different than his. “You invented Iron Man, used it to save yourself as I understand it. Captain America was a persona, a movie character before anything else. It’s easy to dissociate myself from it.”
“It’s been bad since I woke up.” Steve shook his head. “In WWII, it was different. We were together. Vampire and human working toward the same goal. I even remember FDR saying something about a new peace and understanding with the vampire community.” He relaxed his hands for a second on the steering wheel and then grabbed it again. “What the hell happened?”
Here the story diverges as he learns of his Rebirth and how he transformed into the powerhouse knight he is today. Strong, superior, but always a little off, always questioning if he was doing the right thing. That again is alien to him. Since he woke in the Realm, lost in a forest as a boy, he never asked a question. He found he couldn’t once the Soul Keeper found him and bound him to the Realm’s soul.
“Your name, you mean?”
“Your quarters will be in the lower level of the fore section,” Tony says. “Where you are now. In times when I do not call you, you will stay there. You will also begin your training with my Master of the Fleet, Sir Jamison.”
Tony snapped his attention on Bruce. “I don’t fucking know! Why the hell would I know? I’m here, waiting to find out if I fucking killed my soul mate.”
“Why do you think he left?” Tony asks.
Tony cleared his throat and Steve opened his eyes – almost too frightened to look. Tony shook his head. “I can’t expect the world from you, can I?”
“Seems she’s quieted, we still have to find yours. I think he made it down to the river.” Tony says and bends down to check Steve. “You’ve got a humdinger of a bruise on your face, Sheriff.”
“You didn’t actually answer the question. I have to admit, I like how you divert at the negotiating table, but how about we get down to it here. How about you tell me what you’re looking for from an alpha.” Tony throws open the door. He shouldn’t, he knows he shouldn’t. Yet there’s something, something changing. He’s seeing the light beyond what he was taught. He feels like he’s only just now rubbing the sleep out of his eyes and rolling over to find that daylight streams into the windows – if only he would throw back the heavy draperies veiling his sight of what could be.
Steve rounded up the usual suspects of drunk and disorderly including Thor and his brother and locked them up for the night. Thor spent an inordinate amount of time singing in a foreign language while Loki begged him to shut up. Sadly, Steve had to admit he sided with Loki as the hours wore on. Eventually, he scooted them out of the jail and hoped for some peace last night.
“We need to get you a new assistant, if you really want me to be the CEO. I can’t do both,” Pepper says. He doesn’t want to hear it. Pepper is his security blanket and he can’t lose her.
Tony slips his hand under Steve’s jaw and bends down, kissing his mouth with abandon. Even as they kiss, Steve feels the tension leaving the prince’s body. His hands trail down Steve’s sides, then firmly plant at his waist. Breaking away, Tony says, “I think we should eat first. Otherwise, I may not eat at all. Not food anyway.”
“Then you understand why I can’t go any further with this, that what happened here is justice because of what I considered, what I wanted to do-.”
“Sheriff, come, sit.” Stark claps his hands and ushers everyone in the room. He walks over to the sideboard and decants a drink of amber liquid.
“Jesus, I am so out of my league with all this supernatural stuff. You know, I live and breathe science, right.”
“I wanted to know, I wanted to-.”
Steve deals with the aftermath of finding the rest of their soul pack. Things don't go as planned...
“I think Wong would say you’re a natural at it,” Steve said as he sidled up to Tony’s side. Standing at the sink together as Steve started to scrape the dishes, the warmth of the moment washed over Tony. Steve continued as he rinsed the dishes, seemingly not minding the closeness, the intimacy of the moment. “You’ll have to train us. I can do the physical, but you seem to have a handle on the metaphysical.”
The city of Mumbai has a sense about it, like a living thing that breathed under the sprawling architecture. A phantom spirit haunts the narrow alley ways and the multi-laned highways, the shanty towns and the elaborately decorated luxury hotels and fine dining restaurants. The juxtaposition of the rich and the poor, like any city, seems to vibrate with a kind of uneasy truce. Its history gurgles under the surface as a central port to the many Empires it hosted along the way. The writhing of the city reminds him of the poison that seeped from the arc reactor, trying to kill him. But that isn’t right. He thinks Mumbai is more like the arc reactor itself – beautiful, complex, and even deadly.
Steve stops in his tracks and bows his head. This is hard enough, harder still now that he’s listened to an update on Tony. He doesn’t have a choice though. It isn’t like his life has ever been his own. He inhales, holds it for a second, and then slowly exhales before he turns around and meets Natasha’s gaze. The light from the wide windows hit her and her hair alights like fire. She’s beautiful and fierce and on the run – just like he is, just like they all are now.
“Let them give you something, cowboy,” Steve says and it elicits the barest of smiles from Bucky. They’d always laugh around the fire after a long day of battle, talking about escaping it all and going out to the Western range to become cow punchers.
“Thanks, JARVIS wanted told me it would be better than the black suit I wanted to wear said this would present the right character.” He slides his hands down his pants, nervous. A public appearance in the spotlight worries him.
As Steve scans the wide and open room, he blanches at the sight of chains and whips. He’s never been partial to being hit during sex. While he enjoys being held down, he’s not into impact play. He’s fairly certain his contract says that but his mind races to recall the specific elements he included or left out.
“I have some. I’ve been self-experimenting before you think otherwise.” He digs in the drawer of his bureau. “Natasha told me I should start to explore my interests.”
“Turning off the coffee it is!” Tony says and snatches the bag.
“Wanda, I think Wanda,” Steve answered. He laid his chin against the top of Tony’s hand, quietly petting his hair.
But he cannot.
It hits Tony – a realization. “Steve doesn’t live there, does he?”
Steve doesn't cry out, or say anything as the minutes pass and Bucky tears through his shirt, as his skin is ripped, and blood smears down his back. He cups a hand behind Bucky's head and keeps him there, only murmuring quiet words of comfort to try and help his friend. Once Banner finishes, Steve lifts Bucky up, not allowing Thor to help, as they clean up. He holds Bucky in his arms as his friend falls into a fitful sleep. He gently settles Bucky on the cot, hating the damage done.
“Yes, yes I am.” Tony says.
“Tony,” Steve says. There’s a hint of surprise and a lot of apprehension in his voice.
“Thank you,” Steve says and rubs his hand down his slacks.
“I think you do a lot for a lot of people-,” he pauses and then adds, “Tony.”
Steve mewled and lifted his hips wanting more. He released Steve’s cock. Tony hovered over Steve, fingers still deep inside and slipped a hand under Steve’s neck to lift him to his lips. Tony kissed hungrily, greedily. If this was all he would ever have, then he would take it. His soul yearned for it. His soul bled for it, seeping out its life for this kiss, this touch, this moment in time.
“Call me curious? Call me attracted? Call me someone not willing to wait any longer, someone who cannot wait any longer.”
“Sorry.” She wipes at her eyes. “It’s been a long time since Tony’s had someone outside Happy, James, and myself.”
“What? What’s that?”
“I don’t think I could be a brain surgeon and luckily, I don’t have to!” He laughs a little, knocking her with his elbow, and she joins him. It eases the tension between them.
Steve already knew the theory. Why had they ever woken him up if they just wanted the serum and his cells? It came to him then. Bruce. Bruce and Ross had tried to figure out the secret to immortality once, when Ross’ daughter was sick and dying. Tony had told him that while they’d hid in the safe house. That disaster must have closed Ross’ experiments down for a while, for decades while he tried other avenues.
“Not really, I was raised believing.”
“I didn’t mean to upset you, Tony,” Steve said. “I needed to get some of my energy out. I felt like my nerves might explode. I just needed some time.” He stood up. The bundle of energy still crackled through him and shuddered through the soul bond.
“I-wait what?” Steve squints at Tony.
He grabs Steve’s shoulder and pushes him over to the side out of the foot traffic. “What the fuck, Steve? What’s going on?”
Before he’s able to blurt something out to JARVIS, Steve stiffens next to him. Tony turns to face him and a pale ashen cascade of expressions cast over the good Captain’s features. As Tony watches the good natured Captain disintegrates and transforms. There’s something off and dissociated in his eyes, in his facial tension. He jumps up, and without further comment, leaves the room.
A bubble of mirth rises up but it’s tainted with a sour after taste. “No, I don’t think that’s it.”
Now he knew.
Fury had agreed of course. They’d decided right then and there it wasn’t a good idea for anyone to know anything about Steve. Let the beta loving public think he was a beta or even an alpha but not an omega who would want to take it up the ass. Everyone had assured Steve that the caste system of alphas, betas, and omegas was a thing of the past, but the fact still remained that the betas ruled and saw the entire idea of an alpha and omega as leader and warrior of a clan antiquated and dangerous.
“Not really,” Tony answered but didn’t elaborate.
“So what? You think he’s- what? Ashamed?” Tony asks. He yells over to the lion. “Hey! You eat one of them, more power to you!” The lion rumbles and heaves his muscular body up. He turns around and gazes at Tony, licking the blood from his face. It sends a shiver up Tony’s spine. Holding up his hands Tony says, “No harm done. Just congratulating you on a meal well served, I think.”
Steve licked and nibbled; his own rock hard cock pressed up against Tony's belly. Even after a whole night satisfying his own cravings Tony found it hard not to want more. His tired, spent dick twitched in response.
Pep reaches out and touches his hand, holding it. “Don’t say that. You’re the best hope we have for a fair and decent Chair.”
Talking with Natasha brought Tony full circle. How productive it ended up being, Tony couldn’t assess. Over the next few days, Tony decided to dedicate himself to remaining scarce, or showing a low profile around the Tower. He made it his business to show up in the kitchen or the living room around lunch time to see if Steve would be lurking. While each of the team had their own floors of the Tower, JARVIS had informed Tony that they liked to spend time with one another during the day or even late into the night. With that in mind, Tony hung out but tried to stay in the back ground as he assessed the team as well as Steve. What he concluded gave him hope. Steve liked to lunch with some of the pack. He would start cooking up something in the early afternoon. Like a short order cook, he would take orders and place plates of grill cheese, bowls of homemade soup, or even the occasional bowl of chili or hamburger in front of his eager customers. Natasha always showed up as did Thor. The latter still seemed shell shocked with the soul link and Bruce spent a lot of time with him.
“So,” Tony said, breaking through their doubts. “Are you going to pick us like we’re all waiting to be picked for the team in P.E.? ‘Cause I don’t want to be last. I’m never last – for anything.”
For the better part of two days, Tony worried about Steve and what had become of him. The news reported a nationwide manhunt. Steve had been labeled criminally insane, dangerous, and a threat to other humans due to his unnatural attraction and protection of vampires. On CNN, Secretary Ross explained that they’d detected the vampire residue on the Captain America with new, Hammer Industry designed biometric devices. Ross went on to elaborate about the Captain’s wavering devotion to the safety of humans and that he regularly supported a softer, more tolerant policy when it came to vampires. The CNN reporter asked about the quality of the new detector and whether or not it could distinguish between the residue that a V-Corps member might encounter daily in their interactions with the vampire community and the residue that might be specific for a human-vampire mating.
A shadow comes into the light and Tony quakes with rage. “Estane.” Estane’s forces undermined the estate. The security must have been compromised, and that could mean only one thing. The security systems didn’t recognize Estane and his forces as intruders.  Tony thought he covered all of the backdoor access points that Estane might have rooted into the system when he’d been in charge.
“Did he now?”
“Okay, okay,” Sam said and stood up. “Let’s remember we’re all kind of in this together. We might not be a cohesive pack, but we each have to come together to get this job done. Steve means something -,” he stopped and glanced at the brother and sister, “or will mean something to each of us. If Mister Wizard here is telling the truth, we each hold a piece of Steve’s soul.”
Immediately, all three of them say in unison, “The Lakehouse.”
“Yeah when all the soldiers came out of the foxholes and shared tea and cookies and played games. Sang Christmas carols.” Steve nods. “Yeah. We’re all human.”
Tony considers him as the split sides of who he is war inside. Youth was so much easier. He played, and he played hard. He fucked his way across the universe, drank and got high enough to ride the hyper-scape without a damned ship. He thinks he killed off half of his brain, but in the end he came home to roost. The bottle and a drink has been part of his life for a good long time. He might walk away from it for a while, but he always comes back. Steven might call it the devil, but Tony considers it his guardian angel.
Biting his lip, Steve follows as the despair dissipates and the hope and happiness take root again. He should tear those emotions out, rip them to shreds, but he cannot deny how wonderful it makes him feel. Steeling himself, Steve enters the prince’s quarters and searches around for him. After a moment, he calls out, “Tony?”
“Is that an order?” Steve smiles, and it’s so deliciously delightful Tony almost tosses the plate away and devours him.
“Back in the day, before the war, I saw what happened to vampires and humans living in peace together. When vampires aren’t allowed their natural function of mating to a human, hunting results. Or the Blood Dens, which no one thinks is a good idea. It’s like any other human desire. If you make it illegal, then people will still get it. It’s just not under your purview.”  Steve trod on tremulous ground. “I think that justice for all of our citizens, including the undead, is part of the American ideal.”
“Take whatever time you need,” she says and she rights the chair and settles down. “Once he wakes up, I’ll get him to eat.”
“But he was in the war?” Clint asks. He still has hearing problems due to the cannon explosion near his perch in a tree as he was scouting.
Howard exhaled and sliced his meat. “Don’t listen to your mother, Tony. Your father’s no sissy boy and neither was Captain America. He was the bravest, strongest man I ever had the privilege to know.”
"Yes."
“I could call in Rhodey and possibly Pepper. I have armor for both,” Tony said and then he smirked. “I’ll just call in the Legion. We can program them to attack but not to kill and see what we can lay down as strategy.”
“Time for what?” Logan asks as he gnaws on the unlit cigar.
“Curiouser and curiouser,” Tony says and taps on the frame of his glasses. It brings up the history of Arctica-1e. A planet near the Court systems where the bed of government and power lies. It used to hold a powerful place in the Council, but it lost its prestige during the Uprising of ’43. Covered in snow made of H2O, Arctica held a precious commodity - water. Omegas seized the planet. He recognizes the story.  Every child learned it – but there’s something else, something niggling at the back of his mind. Tony searches the database for any known information on omegas put into stasis. There is none. This omega should not be alive.
Though he needs to come to terms after several missions to the Middle East and Afghanistan in particular, his faith in his memories fractures. There’s no sign of him, there’s no proof a Captain of the Army had been captured and held by terrorists. Rhodes finds nothing in his intel, and Pepper can only shake her head after she finds him in the workshop hanging out of the armor. One last trip – he thinks – and then he must refocus his efforts on his company. The company shattered by recent news that it might have had a hand in selling weapons to the enemy.
Tony gets in position and Steve leads him to the table, helping him adjust the chair to sit down. As he does, he tells Steve to sit to his left. A scrap of the metal chair on the wooden deck and then Steve’s settled next to him. Vision sets the platters of food on the table with dishes and glasses of pink lemonade, he narrates all his actions before he departs.
“I think he just put two and two together, Happy. That’s all.”
“I thought you understood. And then when I died again, you were there to hold me, to anchor me to bring me back to my reality.” Steve wipes at his eyes as if he’s angry. “And then what? You left. And that was it. We were done.”
“That’s enough, Agent Barton.” Ross came to stand in front of Steve. “Agent Rumlow,” he called. “Please escort Agent Barton to see his family. They’re waiting for him.”
Wong stifles and huffs a little. “Well, I know nothing about nine yards but I can tell you quite a bit about the nanotech we are working with. Have you ever heard of Hank Pym?”
“Tony,” the woman says and glares at him.
Steve turns back to getting ready. He swiftly goes back to the bathroom, showers, shaves, and preps. He’d grabbed the purse with the nanites and finds that when he snaps the bag open there are seven long tubes with a push button on top of each. There’s a note in the purse as well.
“I don’t- I-.” Steve stopped. “Okay it’s early but they want to spend a good three hours to start. They might stay for another session on Friday. If that’s okay?”
He rolls to his side and wants the darkness and shadows to take him. But of course they don't. He formulates a plan and all the while he builds the fortress to house his soul he remembers his soul burned in a fire in New York. Sometimes even when he's his most confident he feels parts of his core flaking off and dying.
Tony.
“I don’t want to upset you, Tony.”
“Call me Tony or this is going to get weird really fast,” Tony says. “Okay, now.”
Steve agrees. “Well, if you want to look at it narrowly and without any fresh eyes.”
“Well, I think you’re going to have to watch this again,” Tony says, and he finishes off his third beer. The popcorn is long since gone.
“Tony!” Natasha walks into the cabin. “I didn’t say you could come back here and interrogate him.”  She rounds the bed in the small cabin and sits on the opposite side of the bed.
(See the end of the chapter for
The nebula reflects in the transparent material of the bowl and it looks like a planetarium globe Steve once had as a nightlight as a very young child. It glitters with the newborn stars and the colors of the nebula.
“We sent him someplace to try and get help for Barnes,” Fury said. “We need you to know that Rogers isn’t well.”
“Yes. We -we talked. Surprisingly in the dreamscape. We can do this, Steve. It won’t be fun and it won’t be comfortable. I’m not going to call him Brother anytime soon. But a pack is a family. A family doesn’t abandon one another when it gets rough.” Tony dropped his hands. If Steve was going to escape, if he was going to cut their ties, he would do it now. There was no more argument. Tony pointed to the void around them where the unknown, the good and the evil lurked. “This is the endgame. Here. Now. We have to decide how we can face it. What’s best for not only the pack but for the Avengers. I can’t tell you how much my instincts tell me to race off like a maniac and do what I do best.”
“Lots. I have a terrible sweet tooth. It’s one of the reasons I hide blueberries around the lab. I try to curb it with good stuff.” He smiles at Steve and it spreads warmth through him – warmth he shouldn’t feel. He is – after all – just an employee.
“How’s that?”
The words whisper in his ears, but he only hears the din of his heart throbbing deeply and rapidly in his chest. He stumbles a little as he walks forward into the open space within the maze. Bucky sits on a rock with a knife in his hand. He’s whittling something. His back is toward Steve. A step forward and Steve could reach out his hand and touch him.
Steve nodded. While Steve missed Natasha’s words of wisdom, he needed some right now. As Companion, Sam could step into almost every other role (except for Beloved according to his reading).  Steve touched the soul bond between them, seeking and asking for more. He folded his hands and asked. “So what does that mean to you? That Bucky is Brother?”
She looks away from him. “Nothing good.”
Some of what he says confuses Tony, but he knows that shock overcomes sense. He looks around the tiny bathroom and finds the towel folded neatly on the back of the toilet. He grabs it and lays it over Steve’s shoulders as he shakes.
“Thanks, he might settle a bit if you sit with him.” He offers and opens the small clay pot with stew. There’s a plate of freshly baked biscuits, and a cup of warm coffee.
Thank you for reading along...
“What? How it would be if I didn’t have my sight?” Tony hisses in a low voice. “Don’t you fucking think I know? I lived blind for years before I developed even Dummy. I live blind most of my life when the headaches start. I get it. Life is beautiful anyway you can get it. I understand that. But do you understand that the world is made for people with sight? Do you get that the world is made for people who can walk? Or hear? Or talk? Or not have their senses blown to pieces because of the overwhelming sensory inputs the fucking modern world thinks nothing about?” When Steve is silent, Tony proceeds, “Well, I do. I know it and I comprehend it. I am not disadvantaged or challenged; I am winning this fucking life because I have to do it with less than you have. Think about that. Now, give me my damned glasses!”
“I know, I know, we’ll find Thor’s brother, don’t worry,” Tony says as his fingers probe the joint. He’s not taking Steve’s shirt or coat off. He slips his hand under the coat and gets a feeling for how the joint is separated. “Once we find Loki – it’s only a matter of time to get your friend better.”
Part of their mission would include flying close enough to the partially constructed station to surveil it. The three of them had decided that the spying part of their mission would come secondary to the rescue part, especially after hearing Black Widow’s tale. The most intriguing part of her information came when she talked about the "dog" at Red Skull's feet. The description still twists his belly, the thought of Steve cowed and chained at the feet of the Sith Lord drives Bucky into a rage. According to the Black Widow, the Red Skull tied the Jedi to his side as a punishment.
“Sir, how would you like this to work?”
Reaching, Clint unlocked the gag and then tugged it off. Clint had to yank the plastic ball out of Steve’s mouth. As he did, Steve’s eyes watered, and he worked his mouth. His jaw ached. Part of him, a small and quiet part – the child that curled in his bed sick and miserable as his mother soothed him with a hand through his hair – wanted only to beg for release, to plead for his arms to be unchained, to ask someone to clean away the semen staining his wounds on his belly. But the man that Sarah Rogers raised swallowed down the need for pity, the weakness of a little boy, and remained silent and stoic against the agony that befell him.
Bucky did.
“The toe thing?” Tony asks.
When Tony returns he brings a tray with fruit and juice. “I’m not much of a cook. Sorry about that. I did hire someone, but she’s not here today and she can’t see you. She only comes in two or three times a week, cooks and freezes the food.”
“He is not having heart attack and this is not nitroglycerine.” She snaps but Clint has already stopped seizing and she only holds the bottle up to the light to check the number of pills. She curses.
Bucky shifts uncomfortably, not looking at Steve and scrubbing a hand through his tangled hair. “I – Nat told me I needed to tell you. I kind of got the short straw and all, but I never drew anything, so I think they just nomina-.”
Chapter  9- Steve fears he's lost Clint to the abyss and Tony to the truth.
Blu’s eyes get bigger, sadder, he places his head on his paws and sighs. How long the Ten Rings had Blu for and how long he’s been away from his home – be it Africa or a circus – has to be months, probably even longer. He’s a lone soul. A lot like Tony. He pets the big animal and whispers, “Don’t worry big guy, you got me.” Blu doesn’t respond.
“Getting worse. I can only wear the glasses for about 4 hours.” Steve’s surprised that Tony admitted that little factoid so easily. “I really need you to upgrade the implant. Steve and I are-.”
“What are you doing awake? It’s the middle of the day,” Steve said, admonishing his charge but taking Tony into his arms at the same time. He noticed that Natasha and Clint shared a quick hug and kiss. He didn’t shorten his greeting, just held Tony close and let him listen to the beat of his heart.
“Are you okay? Military is moving in to secure the Triskelion wreckage as well as the Helicarriers.”
“Can’t you fly?” Steve shouts over the gale force winds.
“That sounds reasonable. I might have to spend some time learnin-.”
“It took some time to get the nanobots,” Ross said as the door to the cell closed. “Stark’s friends are exceedingly loyal. We couldn’t infiltrate as easily as we expected to, so Barton had to be the tool all around. He didn’t just betray you yesterday, Rogers. This has been going on for months. Months. He’s been loyal to the V-Corps.”
Tony drinks his coffee and, as he places the cup down, says, “Some rules, my friend, were made to be broken. And what is proper society? I could tell you a thing or two about
Ross shook his head. “Really, Captain, that language. You’re the pinnacle of human perfection and a symbol of this country. And that’s how you speak to your superiors?” Ross thrust his finger back into Steve’s stab wound. It sent hot spikes of pain through Steve. Piercing and searing. He clamped his jaw shut and tightened his muscles, trying again to hold back his cry.
Sam pauses before he answers, “Are you? Are you sure you want to do this?”
Tony shrugs. “Maybe I thought it could make up for all the sweetness you’re missing out on.” He fiddles with the tie; the color is off but he’s not telling Pepper. She’ll only argue with him. He taps the side of the glass frame. It tells him the time. “Almost witching hour.”
“No!” Steve said. He looked smaller still in the spotlight as the shadows turned to blood red. “No.” He hung his head and Tony heard the sniffle, the tears as they dropped to the floor like single pings in his heart. “I can’t ask you to sacrifice. I can’t do that to you. I’ve asked enough of you already. Enough of everyone.” Steve looked up at Tony, his face a ruin of emotions. “I’ll take him away. Work with him. Maybe someday we can come back. You don’t have to go through the memories if we clear the bond somehow.”
That’s all he says but Tony hears the unspoken words that linger in his gaze. Steven will never give him his heart, his soul, his mind. Tony’s hands tremble and he feels both the alpha rage and a simple impotency rush through him. What else doesn’t he know? What if this omega tells the truth? What has science done to them – to all of them? Yet, it isn’t science it is the alphas that somehow managed to get in control. And change everything. He places a hand on his omega’s shoulder.
“I remember,” Steve says, and tears burn his eyes. How long has he been bound to the brutal god of this place? Part of him doesn’t want to know. “How long?”
“We’re the Avengers, an initiative to protect the world. You don’t think that’s important enough to bond with all of the members and put away your ideas of being a hero for a nebulous organization?” Tony tilted his head and waited, as if his argument couldn’t possibly be destroyed.
Tony listens to his feet whisper away, all the time aching for his glasses. He needs them. If he’d had them this stranger, this interloper wouldn’t have seen him in his most vulnerable state. What had he been thinking? Going away, pretending, playing house with Steve as a blind man. This idea was all madness, is all madness. He needs to get out of here and get his fucking glasses back. As he stands up, he hears the distinct footsteps of Vision and Steve.
He rubbed his hand up and down Tony’s back, trying to help but feeling the same hopelessness. “He’s a good man. I know you don’t want to hear that, but Hydra is responsible. Bucky – even when I had nothing, I had Bucky.” He continued talking even though he knew that Tony didn’t want to hear it. He rushed through the words. “That tenement apartment. I lost it. I think I told you that. I couldn’t afford the rent. I couldn’t afford my food, or medicines. Nothing. Bucky, he took me in. He wanted to help. Even when he went away to the war, he still cared. I stayed in his apartment and he paid the rent.”
It all makes him think about Peggy, about their wedding plans. It makes his throat close up and his heart skip in his chest and then the tears come to his eyes. Hot sharp reminders about where his life is supposed to be. He can’t be happy, not without her. He shouldn’t look at Tony that way, ever.
Bruce and Tony had become close over the last decade. Bruce had been a scientist in his former life and since Tony still had a tendency to tinker and invent things for a company he no longer officially owned or worked for, they naturally hit it off.
The kid looks like Tony just punched him in the gut and then when he bent over from the pain, kicked him in the face.
Steve only nods and rubs at the back of his neck. That’s where the small chip is that connects him remotely with the cradle. It took some time for Cho to work with Steve’s serum chemistry in order to override it, but it worked. Yet maybe it worked too well. He studies Tony. He needs to confess what’s happening.
“No. No.” He rubs at his forehead. The strange gray shadows flitter around his visual field. Like phantoms of his life, they taunt him. He’d thought Steve was something special. Obviously, he is wrong. Very wrong. “Tell him that we’ll get his stuff as soon as possible. Leave it at that. I don’t want to hear from him again. Block his number.”
“Y-yes. That’s exactly it.” Steve nods and clips the bracelet back on his wrist. He checks to see if it’s been activated and, thankfully, it hasn’t so Clint and Thor won’t be bursting through the door trying to save whatever virtue he has left.
He needed to go to the small refrigerator in the delipidated kitchen. From the couch he plopped down on Tony heard the thirty year old refrigerator running, clanking away like it was some kind of toy train engine. It sounded tinny and on the verge of collapse. He smiled. He had collapsed. Barely got to the coven’s safe house on time. He should be more careful, but the truth was he didn’t much care anymore. After being turned, Tony spent years on the run, but then he found his coven and then his match – his mate. Many vampires spent centuries looking for their human mate, but it took Tony only a few years. Human mates were considered a necessity within the vampire community, but a rare thing these days since the Treaty with the humans restricted it.  Mates were an important part of vampire lore, though. A mate took the role of caretaker but also as partner for a life time – the human life time. Many vampires went through multiple mates through the years until they finally succumbed to the solitary depression of losing their human companion over and again throughout the centuries. Those vampires doomed to the sadness of immortality faded into legend. A mate was a precious thing, a person to share a life with for a brief time, to chase away that despondency.
Rhodey left him then, it had been days before they spoke, and when they did his friend had been distant and hesitant to really approach the subject. He always pushed it away. He knew better. The implant and the glasses were an outstanding invention that could change the world for the blind and visually impair. If he could make them work, if he could fix them. Tony might be able to fix himself.
Steve only shakes his head, but there’s terror in his eyes like a rabbit seeing the fox about to pounce.
Steve stands in front of the mirror in his bathroom within the suite assigned to him in the Wakanda palace. In the bedroom just a few feet away, his bag is packed. He’s ready to leave,and wander the world, but first he has to complete a promise, a vow he made.  Tony won’t have to worry about him anymore. Even if there is the slightest bond between them, Steve will end it and Tony can be free. After, he will leave and disappear into the wilds of the world. It is best this way. Perhaps then Sam and Clint and Wanda and all the rest can go on and get clemency to go home. It is him that Ross wants. He’ll roam the world and never rest. It is the only way. If he does this thing, if he cuts out his gland, then he needn’t worry about heat anymore. He won’t need any attachments anymore. Nothing. It will be over.
He strikes back. “It’s Commander now, Sir.”
“You love them both.” It isn’t even a question but a statement. The comprehension dawns like drops of rain, pattering down in a shwer both predictable and erratic.
“The contract: does it have a clause it in that says you can book me if the prince isn’t engaged?” Steve hisses. Any minute now he’s going to quit like the idiot he is. Bucky’s voice appears in his head telling him not to blow the only chance he has in getting any medical augmentation at all. He inhales and exhales a few times, trying to calm down.
“Well,” Bruce said as he shrugged. “I understand a little about being completely cut off from everything I know and love.”
“What? Because of angel babies?” Tony snaps, but at least he’s turned to face Steve completely. He’s still at the door, ready to dash away.
“You sacrificed everything for him. Don’t leave him now. He needs you,” Natasha said.
Steve recalls that’s when the Hero of the Conclave ended up replacing his own heart with an artificial one. He’s still not sure how that works or what kinds of scars the prince actually has since Tony hasn’t taken off his shirt in front of Steve yet.
“We need to go to my doctor’s. He’s not far. I actually see him in his private offices, not at the hospital that he’s an attending,” Tony says. Steve set up his plate today and set his coffee exactly where he likes it – at one o’clock on the table next to his plate. The bowl of fruit that Tony likes to eat every morning (with blueberries in it always) is at ten o’clock. The croissant egg sandwich is in the middle of his plate. Jarvis preps his coffee.
“I assume you mean Han Solo and Chewbacca.” Tony grumbles as he searches for The Empire Strikes Back. “You are in luck because the best movie of the franchise is the next one.”
The sir throws him a bit and he shakes his head. “I don’t want you to call me sir. I understand I’m the client, but from here on out, I want to be the omega in the room. I’m a sub omega so please, let’s just-.” He draws in a breath. “Let’s just start.”
out of my head.”
Tony drops his gaze, not meeting Steve’s accusing one. “We knew.” He looks up at Steve and holds out his empty hands. “You have to believe us we didn’t know, not really. Until Heimdall explained to us.”
“Stark,” Natasha said and walked straight to the lounge pit where Pepper already sat. They greeted one another with a hug and a kiss.
Unfortunately the first chapter of this story has been lost. The second chapter is missing as well. So in summary the first chapter Tony found a hooker, said hooker brought Tony back to his place. They had a night together (hot smut), and then as Tony lies on the bed spent he happens to look over to the side table and sees a photograph with the Peggy Carter in it....and suddenly Tony wonders if the long dead Captain America is now in modern day NYC and a hooker. I can't recall the second chapter at all. Sorry - this is all I have.
Vision turns to Steve, his odd eyes all the more penetrating and eerie in the virtual space. “You know, only you do. That Wanda and I have mated.”
Fury looked closed off as well like he’d spent the last weeks beaten and bruised. Overall, he seemed fine for a man that was supposed to be dead. “Looking good for a dead man,” Tony remarked and Clint only smirked.
"You read schematics like a pro," Tony says and feels like a fool. They're about to break out of a terrorist’s stronghold, and here he is trying to compliment the six foot something Adonis - well, Adonis if you don't count the weird growths on his back.
“Yeah, one of the misfortunate effects of the bond,” Natasha said. .”
Yet only one of them can wield the gauntlet. Only one.
“Yeah, me too.” Steve washes his hands as Tony goes to the living room to figure out the television. “The remotes are on the side table. The binder on the coffee table has instructions. I used it last night. I watched Star Wars.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I do,” Tony said, and he honestly did, but his brain grew weary and his sight darkened. It had been too long. Natasha was right.
He mourns Steve as he pitches into the sands of the desert. It’s over. The insanity of his captivity is over and he couldn’t care less.
“Try me,” Natasha said. “You want to blow this joint and get a burger? I know a place.”
“You know I do.” He doesn’t address the reasons; it’s so clear and evident. The throbbing of his gland, the scent around him – he’s near Presentation and his alpha is thousands of miles away and wants to have him dead or worse locked in a prison in the bottom of the ocean.
“I’m serious. No harm. I just want to ask a few questions.”
“Oh? You’re a city guy yourself? What? You’re a cool cat, hanging out at all the clubs. Got all the kittens after you,” Tony teases. He finishes the paw and now it’s time to tackle Blu’s mouth and face. The right side looks like a treasure trove of burrs. “Really how did you do this to yourself?”
“It’s going to take a few hours to get the download to the implant updated over wireless so I do it while I sleep.”
Tony glanced up and saw nothing, but he wouldn’t put it past Stane to update that one part of this horror show. He grimaced at the guard. “The armor isn’t a side show.” Though when he was dying of palladium poisoning he might have used it as one.
“We don’t know yet. Bruce is assessing his status. He’s down in the med-bay.” Tony thumbed it over his shoulder. “There’s nothing you can do right now. Clint is unconscious.”
“I had to put in that thing in your chest. The whole area around the battery wires was infected and I had to clean it out. I didn’t- I’m not a doctor, but I think it’s healing now. It doesn’t smell bad anymore. I finally got them to give me some clean water and a little antiseptic lotion. I’m sorry I don’t have anything for the pain.”
“I like to think of it as more than just humans.”
Clint is actually on the sex worker list, but he doesn’t do many clients anymore since he and Thor work as the guards. Thor’s brother Loki is one of the most sought after workers in the brothel. He accepts all genders. Some of the others like Darcy and Jessica come and go and he never really interacts with them. He knows he’s missing a few but he’s not surprised since sometimes their schedules conflict and not everyone shows up for Bruce’s ‘mandated’ meditation time.
It has been sixteen years and he finally knows her name. Sixteen years and her name falls off his tongue like a sweet flavored kiss. Sixteen years of doubt and hope at the same time.
“I should be taking care of you. You’re the one with a missing friend,” Tony says but his eyes betray him, he’s hungry for Steve to take him.
“I have you,” Tony said and then they flew.
Steve beams at him. “I know what happened, what we just confessed to one another is game changing, but Tony I am so glad you see me as someone you want to protect like I see you.”
“And spying, and assassination,” Furin interjects but it isn’t snappish in tone. It’s almost kind, like a proud father.
Closing his eyes, Steve forces the images so many years dead to go away and to disappear. All the men, all the Hell he witnessed wedges deep and dark inside and he can’t be free of it. No food, no clean water, no escape the stench of unsanitary conditions. Even years down the line, it brings bile to his throat. He only suffered through seven months at the prison camp; it nearly killed him.
Steve snorts but Tony elbows him in the gut. Clearing his throat, he says, “Can’t two team mates just visit a friend?”
“Well, we might be able to figure something out,” Bruce said but his curiosity overwhelmed him. Steve could clearly see it written on his face. “What happened to you? I mean, don’t get me wrong. I get that you had a dream or a flashback, or something, but when I turned Hulk – what happened?”
“Would you like to see now, or would you like to eat first?” Steve blows on the prince’s palm and then kisses the inner part of his wrist – lightly, just enough to intrigue and to elicit a slight intake of breath.
that confirmed the strike had been precise like a surgical knife cutting out cancer.
“Is it true that Captain America attacked the US government today?” one yelled as phones and microphones were stuck in Tony’s face.
“Well, yes I can. But it would be better if I made this a more personal affair. I need a date Steve and you’re it. Can you do this for me?” Tony asks.
“What? Why?”
Steve stares down at his hands, useless in his lap. “I half believed I made it up.”
“I think he’s spent,” Steve says and hangs the suit back in the closet. “I think he feels there’s going to be nothing left once the war is over.” He tugs on the sleeve of the suit. “And I don’t like to think about that.”
Over the course of the rest of the time he spends in the recovery room, Steve attempts to use what little brainpower he seems to have left to jerry-rig a plan together. He doesn’t have many resources. He wonders if Sam is around and figures he isn’t, considering the fact that Steve got him in trouble as well. He’s at the mercy of Tony and, most probably, Ross. He remembers seeing Natasha on the plane, so he might be able to enlist her aid. She switched sides for him once. Maybe again she could listen to him.
“Don’t tell me that you killed one another already. It’s only been two days.”
Steve raised an eyebrow and seemed more amused than insulted. “Really? You won’t allow it? Come on.”
“How can I die when I’m already dead?”
I'm excited to present this chapter - lots of twists and turns here. It's far longer than I intended, but I am so happy to finally be able to post it today.
“Well, the movies always said that you and Peggy were more unrequited than doing the nasty.”
“And I love to play games, so let’s get at it, Cap.”  Steve frowns at the use of his title but follows Tony down the steep hill toward the farm. Tony’s speaking as he finds a pathway. “These are constructs from Ultron. That means don’t expect Clint to act like himself. This Clint is what Ultron perceives as the Clint from the information gathered.”
“Did you sleep well?”
Turning, Steve says, “What the hell, Bucky? Stark, you bring a Stark here? They’re nothing but trouble, especially the son.”
“I’m gonna get out of here, this time.” Tony walks to the workbench and slams his fist down. “And you’re going to help me.”
“Haven’t you done enough?”
“It also means that we can’t split them apart. That’s impossible with quantum entanglement. Particles influence one another and predict one another regardless of how far apart they are- but-.” Tony stops. He’s missing something, something vital – something that changes everything. The clock above the fireplace– the one that Pepper made him put there years ago – rings the hour. “Shit!” Tony looks at Bruce. “Time. Time!”
He spun around, and the light whirled and settled only meters away. “Steve!” The echo died down and a nurse appeared from the shadows.
“I didn’t even touch him,” Steve said and the moment solidified as Bucky saved him and then dropped him on the shore. Steve had reached out – not with his hand but with the waves of his astral projection. The resonance had been deafening and the word bubbled up. “Brother.”  The memory shook his astral projection until he saw Sam wince in reaction to the juddering waves. Steve pulled back from the memories and quieted the vibrations through the bonds. Though he glimpsed the subtle furrow of Sam’s brow reflecting both Steve’s own confusion and the chaotic noise coming from Bucky. How was Bucky even handling all the feedback in his head? Steve needed to find a way to send quiet soothing waves toward him.
The voice floats in the air around him with promises and wishes. He starts to dream again but the voice is insistent on eating, on getting healthy.
“I dated a woman a while back that loved breakfast. It was her favorite meal. I think all we ever ate was breakfast foods. I got a lot of practice,” Sam said. “Over easy, right?”
She smiles and takes out her phone to jot down the notes. “Already done. Now, I’ll have JARVIS update you on when to be ready for the press conference this afternoon. Don’t be late! After that we have a Board meeting at 6 pm.”
The words echo in his brain all through the three months he spends in Afghanistan and again, when he lives his life in Malibu as becomes Iron Man. He distances himself from the memories but the truth still haunts him. He keeps wondering what would have happened if he hadn’t been scared away, if Steve’s walls hadn’t shuttered him out. He wonders what would have happened if he hadn’t surrendered.
“Yeah,” Tony says and walks over to the large table that could easily fit twelve. One side of the table only has a long bench for seating, but the other side has tall chairs stained dark but with cushioned seats. He drags one over for Steve and then spots some tray tables tucked in the side next to the refrigerator. He leaves the chair in front of the sliding glass doors and then retrieves one of the tables. Unfolding it in front of the chair, he tests it for sturdiness and then presents it to Steve. “See? Good?”
Kissing Steve has always been like kissing the best of his life.
“Thanks,” Steve said and scrambled into the window after Clint. As Sam shut and locked the window then drew the blinds, he added, “Sam Wilson, this is Clint Barton. My second at the V-Corps.”
Climbing to his feet, Steve rushes to the bathroom and strips off his jeans, briefs, and shirt. He’s in the shower in a second, warm water spilling over him. He closes his eyes and doesn’t feel Peggy take him by the hand, instead it’s Tony there. Before him it would be Tony, sliding down onto his knees, but his hands are all over Steve. Hands that are elegant and delicate, yet rough and worked. He would love the touch of them, the dichotomy of the grace with the coarseness of each finger, the calluses on the palms. Steve glides his own hands over his nipples, twisting only slightly, just enough for a gasp, and then he slides his hands downward. Tony would be so much more purposeful, so much more refined than Steve with his bulky hands. He slides down the curvature of his pelvis and imagines Tony’s hands, his fingers lingering there, just teasing him. He would cry out begging.
“It’s blue. There are some clouds. The big puffy ones. The chill off the sea feels right for the sky. The green of the cliff – I don’t know – warms it all in a way.” He touches the back of Tony’s hand and then places the sandwich in his cupped hand. “The sea looks darker than I thought it would, but the sky is a deep blue today.”
Steve colors bright red and looks away. He runs a hand through his hair. “What do I need to go?” he asks without meeting her gaze.
“Listen to the sea,” Steve says. “The lap of the waves against the dock.”
“No, the girl and her brother.”
“I’m here for you, you know that right?”
“Not that I can tell, sir. Though if the weapons are projectile then I would not read them without activity.”
"You'll let me go?"
“We gotta find a way out of this. We’ve been stuck trying to make sense of this for ages, it feels like.” Tony leaned into him, placed his head on Steve’s shoulder.
“We do when war destabilizes the whole of the galaxy. Humans and Kree are young, they don’t have the wisdom of age. They know not how to seek peace.” Odin sighs.
As he towels his hair dry a knock interrupts his studies of the prince’s exploits on the battlefront. “Come?” He’s expecting Scott or Wanda. Sure that they are going to endlessly tease him about his upcoming assignment.
“Sure, you did,” she says. “Give him time. Tell him a story.”
“You brought it on board. I thought we could all read them.” Steve went to close the book.
Ultron’s playing with his food.
Steve found the link to the vest on the armor. He struggled and managed to get his arms under the armor. Lifting, he brought Tony out of the water and to the dry shore. “Retract the armor.”
The small town on the edge of a plateau near the river’s bed is a lure to anyone trying to disappear from their former life. Steve should know, he’s one of the many hiding out in Avenge trying to forget the last years of the war and the intervening hell he went through because of it. He rotates his shoulders again, trying to forget what he and Bucky went through, but it’s always a shadow.
His room is spartan but pleasant. The bed looks cozy with plush pillows and a deep gray comforter. Attached to the room is a bathroom – his own bathroom that he doesn’t have to share with the rest of the tenement. There’s a white bureau and a closet. He stuffs his duffle in the closet and sees clothes hanging on the rods.
“It’s a small town, I know everyone,” Coulson says.
“Yes, yes,” Steve says and grits his teeth as he siezes through a violent attack of pain. “It’ll get better. I’m better, Tony. Really.”
“Got it,” Maria said.
“No, that little shit never does give up.” The voice sounded tired and Tony whipped around to meet Bucky shuffling over to the group from his wing of the medical floor. A large white gauze covered his stump and he held his shoulders hunched forward. “He ain’t going to give up I can tell you that.”
“Excuse me?” Pepper said as she glanced at Tony. “But hums?”
“Oh.” Steve struggles to sit up but a looping vertigo spins his senses, and he flops back down.
“I particularly like this one,” Rumlow said and retrieved something from his belt that looked like a ball gag. He snapped it in the air. “I don’t like to be disturbed while I work, and your panting and whining has got to go.” He took out his shock baton and held it in front of Steve’s face. “Open.”
“Okay, what happened? Was it the whole everything special about you came out of the bottle trick again or something else?” Natasha asks.
Happy nodded. “We have a global search as well for anything out of place that might lead to covens being discovered in their safe houses.”
“Okay, so what can I chop and help with?”
"And what happened then? You disappeared during the war-."
“How do you figure?”
Sam took it with a firm grasp. “Name’s Sam.”
She takes the sample and then leaves. Tony observed her silently from the opposite side of the bed. He watched the flow of the red blood into the small test tube. It spurted it and then flowed filling up the tube. Blood isn’t red, not like a stop sign. It’s a deep abiding color that flirts with black. Black like the abyss of space. A shiver runs up Tony’s spine and he steps to the bed.
“I love you the way you are. I always will.” He could have used their link to say it, but it has more power this way – out in the wide world. He hungers for a kiss, to share something intimate and profound with Tony.
Steve never liked that idea, but the fact remained that they had to be ready for anything when it came to battle. “Sam confirm the civilians.”
She chuckles. “No. I’m not asking that. A lot of the clients have certain needs. What are your specific talents? What type of client would you like to serve?”
“Ready?” Steve says.
The woman smiles. "Agent Maria Hill, glad to have you with us. You'll be meeting the rest of the team on the Helicarrier."
“How about you just-.” Tony glances at him and relents. “Okay, I need some help with this wiring. How good are you with your hands?”
“You know, he’s been hanging around with you too much Barnes,” Fury says. “Bay thirty-two. You’re going to be late.”
“The brand on your wrist?” Strange said. “It means, Captain, that you will have a soul pack. Soul bonds between two people haven’t shown the elaborate markings. Soul pack markings are much more overt.  Your soul pack members could be the Avengers. It could be someone else in the future. Your energy is aligned as the leader. The leader always gets the brand around the left wrist. As each member connects to your soul, you and the member will get a brand to signify them. Each member has a different definition, a different purpose. When you know it, at the moment you say it, they will be branded as will you.”
“I’ve never been an early riser, Steve. You might want to get used to that now.” He gently tosses the phone to the coffee table. It just makes it and skids across the tabletop.  Steve hisses.
“No!” Tony jumps up. Now he needs to pace, to move around. This is getting to the nitty gritty of the problem. Anytime Tony’s close to a breakthrough, the energy bubbling through his nerves needs releasing. He has to move. “It’s not like it’s something I bring up when we’re – you know – romancing. In fact, he spends a lot of time asking me about things. About my work, about deep space exploration. Who knew Captain America was a science nerd?”
Maybe Steve was trying to convince himself of something. Tony reached up and touched the marks on Steve’s neck. Tony drank from the most vulnerable place, the sweetest place this time during their mating. He wanted to call it lovemaking, but that voice in his head that drew him to the coven and the rules stopped him. “She cares about the coven. I don’t know if she cares all that much about her human. What does Clint say?”
When he fell silent, Steve prodded him to continue. “Yes?”
The bite never comes. Instead, Blu clenches Tony’s body in his mouth and starts to drag him away from the armor. He’s so gentle and careful, Tony shivers in his grasp. Blu continues away from the bare patch of ground where only short shrubbery and brambles grew. The rocks, sticks, and weeds tug and poke into Tony. He feels every loose pebble and thorn as the big cat maneuvers him into the shade of a large copse of trees. This is where the lion will feast and a small sob escapes Tony’s throat.
After a night’s rest, Tony buried himself in work, mainly because work helped him to think, to analyze, and to assess. Even if he wasn’t actually figuring out problems directly, work promised answers to him. Half way through his long stretch of time in the laboratory, Bruce walked in and with a cup of tea. He studied Tony for several seconds before sipping his tea and asking, “So, Steve?”
Natasha was right. As he worked to put his soul pieces back together, Steve constructed a barrier, a wall that barricaded them away. He told himself that he needed to do it in order to keep his mind on the target, on what needed to be done. “Don’t worry. Just trying to focus.”
“Me too. I mean.” He squeezed the little toy. “I’ll miss you, too.”
“Is this uncomfortable for you? I don’t want for it to be uncomfortable for you,” Tony says. Pepper always cautions him about flirting with the staff, but generally he stays away from most of the staff. He’s a little of a recluse when it comes to his R&D department.
“The sky?” Tony says as he lounges back to munch on the bread and sips the mock champagne.
“Tony’s coming here?” Steve asked. They didn’t need that at all. Steve hadn’t even had time to talk with the twins. And Bucky, he had a long way to go with Bucky. When he noted that Bucky wasn’t in the room, he peered around the corner to find him. “Where is Bucky?”
The omega doesn’t reply and Tony weighs whether or not this was a smart choice. Granted, he hadn’t planned on finding some of his mother’s inheritance on Nod. Truth be told, he finds bits and pieces of her inheritance and her holdings all the time. She squirreled things away. Part of her legacy was her Foundation, but it still keeps its secrets – even from him. That’s something he needs to address as well.
When he wakes early the next day, Blu is munching on the last of the hare. He’s licking his lips and seems fairly content. Tony peeks at him and then realizes the wounds on his face have completely disappeared. “What the hell?” He steps closer and investigates. There is no trace at all of the puncture wounds the littered Blu’s face and paw. “How?”
He wanted desperately to disappear and just walk out of the hospital, but an invisible tether tied him in place. Tony indicated the new guy. “Who’s he?”
“Even if he offered, I don’t think I would take it.” The thought of being in Tony’s orbit always clenches something deep under his sternum, but also means that Steve accepts the idea of being an escort for Tony – and nothing more. That fact hurts and he shouldn’t even consider it. He rushes in to explain, “I have a lot of other clients that need me. I mean Captain Wilson comes to me exclusively now. How would it be just to abandon someone like the Captain?” He shakes his head. “No, I couldn’t do it.”
Steven only inhales sharply and says, “I never knew you to be so cruel.”
Steve’s guts tightened and he agreed. How could he not? First position was easy – it was presentation. The second position, Tony glossed over since it was face to face. Third position, he laughed at and said, “This is what we would call spitroasting nowadays. This is especially used for when two alphas or an alpha and a beta are having a tryst with an omega. One on each end. I kind of like the idea with you to tell you the truth.”
“I didn’t think you believed in that kind of thing, that kind of hocus pocus. You always said it was for ancient days and fairy tales.”
“Hmm,” Steve says. He’s not sure how to add up all the information. “So who put me on suicide watch?”
“That’s the story I always told you, that your mother told you. But the truth of it is, that the lion still roams.”
She ends up standing over Stark, her lips parted, her eyes focused. “He’s going to be damned if you don’t save him.”
“Well, I’m sorry to hear that,” Tony says though he sounds nothing of the sort.
“Or I can help out,” Bruce said as he entered the small hospital room. Although his eyes showed a weariness, he offered a calming influence by his presence and the vibrations of his soul.
“Okay, then,” Tony said. “Thanks for the liquid chocolate. I prefer coffee, but thanks.”
“Whoa there, Captain America, no need to go all superhero on me.” Tony grabs for Steve’s hand and catches it. “Let’s just pretend she was trying to be helpful like you said.”
Bruce is gone.
As JARVIS translates his words, Tony hears a voice coming from one of the small houses.
“Okay,” Steve says. Keep it short and simple. He’s here for one thing. Let Tony use his body, keep his head out of it, and especially keep his heart out of it.
“You know a lot of places,” Steve replied. He considered her as he unwound the tape on his hands. They were brutally ugly, bloody with knuckles torn looking more like he’d fought a meat grinder.
Tony steps backward, away from him. “Nope. It’s like 50 degrees. It’s not that hot out.”
He left without waiting for Tony to reply. Tony had wanted to ask about Happy, about Thor and Natasha, but those words were ash in in his mouth. In the dark, Tony waited and wondered how much longer until they came and tore out his feeding glands to turn him into some mockery of his preternatural self. He didn’t ask for this life. This life found him. Stane and his greed twisted Tony’s life until Yinsen had only one choice but to save Tony with a kiss of death. That’s what the human community called it – the kiss of death. He had been terrified as a child of vampires. What they could do to you, how they harvested blood from humans and left the dry husk. As an adult, he found no evidence of vampire cruelty, none more than a typical human. He surveyed at the small cell, at the darkness. At his life that had disappeared.
“I don’t know why you can’t except who I am. That I’m your Blu and that I’m Steve Rogers.”
The thought of Tony not recalling, not remembering all the horror wrapped up in Obadiah Stane hurts, even though Steve shouldn’t feel this way. He can’t help throwing a barb across the bow. “Thankfully?”
