“Did you do this?” Castiel asked, without taking his eyes of the beautiful metal feather.
Cas smiles brightly. “I look forward to that too. I only wish that I could have worked on our orchard sooner so you could add the vegetables we planted.”
Castiel starts the car and he drives away from the witch’s house, driving towards one of the roads that leaves Spokane.
” There’s shyness in his voice and Dean finds it adorable. He loves when Cas is cute and timid. “
“All of them?” Castiel says.
They don’t say anything else. They are soon outside. It is cold and every time they breathe, mist appears in front of them. The wind is soft, but it is cold, and it caresses their faces in a not too gentle way. The night is dark and silent. Their steps can be heard perfectly. The streetlights are on, joining the soft light coming from the moon, almost hidden behind the dark clouds that cover the starry night.
Dean thinks.
Dean chuckles bitterly. It doesn’t matter if he sees the old man a couple of days every year, Bobby still knows him like a father. After all, Bobby is the father he and Sam deserved and had the luck to have when John refused to practice as such. “Yeah, but I’m good, all things considered.”
“I wouldn’t say ‘little’ to Sam anymore.” Dean chuckles.
Sam is still dealing with Lucifer’s hallucinations, but for now, at least he is getting some sleep, unlike Dean, who is constantly waking up from nightmares.
They both wish each other a goodnight and Dean switches off the lights, falling asleep easily.
Castiel smirks. “Practice makes perfection.” His words make Dean laugh. He bites Cas’ lower lip and the ex-angel gasps and moans. One of his hands goes to Dean’s hair while his other tries to sneak under Dean’s t-shirt. “I know it’s late, but—” He kisses Dean, opening his mouth for his tongue and he shivers. “Can we—”
“You could have waited until the spell was done,” Castiel says, sounding touched.
Castiel simply smiles. “Okay, I’ll get it.”
And as Dean expected, Castiel blushes quickly and easily. “Your day can’t start without making me blush, right?”
“That’s weird,” Dean says. “But she was there putting me back to sleep too.”
“Oh, yeah? When?” Cas snaps. He keeps groaning, and Dean can’t do anything but stare at him, worried. “Dean, something’s wrong. I... I can’t heal myself. I think the— I think the demon’s spear was poisoned. I don’t— I— I think I’m dying.”
They leave the bed and grab their clothes before getting in the bathroom. They keep kissing as they undress, waiting for the water to get hot. When they feel the steam coming out of the shower, caressing their naked skins, they get in it. It is really small and it can barely hold the two of them, but this isn’t the first time they are in a motel with a small shower, so they know how to work it out.
Castiel started to think about it; he hadn’t thought about what landscape he would like to have, but immediately, something came to his mind. “Do you remember the river where we used to swim together?”
Castiel turns his face and gives him a deadly glare. Even though it is dark, Dean can see his intimidating face. “Do you really want to test me, honey?”
“You are a crap of a son! Did you hear me?! A crap of a son!” John yells extremely angry. Like always, his hated words about Dean come out easily, as if John had said them in his mind over and over again. Dean is used to those words, but they still hurt. “I’m ashamed of you Dean! You are the worst son ever!”
“I’m not complaining. I’m only surprised that you want to eat that. Maybe the curse of being locked in Spokane has a side effect that makes you want to eat more vegetables.”
“I don't know. I mean, first he was okay, and then he wasn't. And I—” As he says that, Dean is confused, because he prayed to Cas not less than an hour ago, and yet, he doesn’t seem to have any idea of what is going on. “Have you heard my prayers? I've been praying to you all night.”
He knows that if Dean could hear his thoughts, he would say that he is being cheesy, but the truth is that Cas’ heart has always belonged to Dean and will always belong to him. He loves him more than anything in this world.
He ends up looking at some news and he finds out that tomorrow, there’s going to be a total lunar eclipse, also known as blood moon, and it will be visible in Vancouver. He looks at what time it will be seen and he finds that the blood moon will be seen around 7 P.M. and it will last about an hour. He really wants to see that lunar eclipse, and hopefully, Cas will want to.
“Come on,” Castiel says, pulling at Dean’s hand. “We still have two more spells.”
“Holy fuck!” Dean says, terrified. He immediately grasps Cas’ hand.
His morning is uneventful. Sam and Eileen call him to know how he is doing and Dean can’t help rolling his eyes and smiling because the two of them care so much about him.
“I’m gonna try to get some sleep,” Dean announces.
Cas gets the first finger easily and Dean mewls and closes his eyes, feeling how Cas gets his finger deeper. Suddenly, a second finger gets in and Cas is also wrapping his lips around the head of his cock. Dean opens his eyes and gasps.
Soon, they start talking about Jack.
Dean chuckles. “You lazy ass.”
He is in the archives, researching. He hears Dean coming in, but doesn’t look at him. It still pains Dean how Cas barely looks at him anymore.
Castiel lets out a shaky breath as Dean kneels in front of him, in the space left between the Impala and the other car parked next to it. “That’s going to be difficult.”
“Why would you want to die?”
“No, you’re the one who’s a dream, Cas!” Dean exclaims in anger and frustration, startling Cas. He doesn’t understand what the dream is trying to accomplish with this scene. If the dream wanted Dean to remain here, it would offer Dean something he wants, it would use Cas to convince him to stay here with him, but it wouldn’t be doing any of this. “I am the one who’s real. I’m the one who’s in a dream, not you.”
Castiel rolls his eyes but he smiles.
“I’ll come back,” Dean insists.
Jack doubles over in pain and ends up on the floor. Sam, Dean and Cas go to him, trying to help him, but there is nothing they can do.
“Get away from me,” Cas says, pulling away from Dean’s touch. He also rises himself, until he is kneeling on the cold and dark floor of the Empty. Then, he gives Dean a cold look.
“What’re you doing here?” Dean asks.
Dean grimaces. “What if they’re just some glutton?”
The Empty lifts his hand and clenches it in a fist, and then, Dean starts to feel a terrible pain in his chest, one that makes him double in pain, similar to the one he felt when Billie user her powers on him when they were running from her.
Both of them try not to close their eyes during the whole time; sometimes they can’t because the pleasure it’s too high that their eyes must close as a moan escapes from their mouths, but they try to stare at each other all the time, watching their expressions, their feelings, their sensations and their faces.
” he sasses. “
Castiel smiles. “You’re welcome, Dean.”
Dean doesn’t let himself fall asleep until he feels Cas has drifted off, when his breathing becomes even and peaceful. Then, when Dean is sure that Cas is alright, he lets himself fall asleep.
“For a while. I’m thinking about the future a lot. About me and Cas, and you, and Charlie, but mostly about me and Cas since we started this trip. I know that given the lives we have, nothing’s sure. Hell, we could die in the next hunt, but—” He takes a deep breath and looks down at his feet, feeling shy. “I have hope. And I want to be with Cas, for the rest of my life. And I want you and Charlie to be part of my life. You three are my family. And I want us to have an ending that isn’t bloody, caused by some monster, I just want all of us to live for as long as our bodies let us. And be really happy.”
“We brought these,” Sam announces as he shows two packs of bottle beers.
“Bitch.”
Cas immediately stands up from his chair and walks towards the desk. “Hello,” Castiel says with a charming smile.
Castiel grunts. “
“It’s not that difficult, Cas.” He chuckles. “Just coordination and a bit of music knowledge, that’s all.” He shrugs again and looks at Cas, whose eyes are on the guitar and his fingers want to reach the strings, but he is shy about it. “Do you want me to teach you how to play it?” Dean suggests with a happy smile.
Dean chuckles and he blushes slightly. The water is already boiling, so he gets the ravioli in it, doing it slowly. “I’ve been cooking since I was four years old,” he begins to tell. “My father left Sam and me alone in a motel room for hours, sometimes even for days and I had to feed us. I was forced to learn how to cook at a very young age, so I guess that all that practice must show somehow. But I can tell you I have improved a lot since I was four.”
“I want to change the one that condemns homosexual relationships,” he said. That was the one that he needed to change first.
Dean rolls his eyes. “You’re so literal sometimes, Cas.” He sighs and grabs the glasses and the champagne. Cas is about to snap him, but Dean keeps talking, “You’ll enjoy it, trust me.”
“Not at all,” Castiel says with a big smile. “I enjoy it so much.” He is selecting the already grown leaves and flowers of the many plants they have here and he brings them to the table, where he will later put them into jars. “You are really good at it.”
_____
Before they finish their lunch, Gabriel’s mobile phone rings and he picks it. After a small conversation on the phone, Gabriel exhales sharply and he says that he has to leave because some idiot has screwed it up. Castiel’s brother stands up and grabs his wallet, leaving a lot of bills on the table.
“I’m gonna make the bed,” Dean begins to say. “You get the clothes to the washing machine and make yourself some coffee.”
“You seem agitated. Did you run into a monster while you were away?”
“I’ve heard this song before,” Castiel comments, frowning.
Dean isn’t that person.
“You’re a sap,” Dean says, grinning.
“I thought having her back would release you, put that fire out,” Amara explains. “Your anger. But I guess we both know I failed at that.”
Dean nods.
“That’s all?” he asks sitting down next to Castiel. He can see in his blue eyes that there’s something else he wants to say.
But then, Dean sees Cas’ name on his phone screen.
“Hmmm?” Castiel mumbles, looking at Dean. The poor guy is exhausted.
Dean exhales sharply and closes his eyes, letting the hot water fall onto his body, calming him.
When they pulled away, Castiel saw that the sunset was approaching. He knew he shouldn’t stay in dreamland for longer than a day, no matter how bad he wanted to remain, no matter how many more things he wanted to do with Dean. He needed to leave and find the real Dean, the Dean he was in love with.
“What if that person bought it on the internet?”
I'm updating a day sooner because I'm not sure if tomorrow I'll be able to update the chapter, so here you go!
“Trust me I’ve been much worse.” He makes an acid chuckle.
Dean can’t help the nostalgic smile on his lips. This moment wouldn’t be so different from the life he and Cas could have had together. Coming to this house to spend Christmas all together and hugging each other the moment they saw. All those years could have been like this; happiness and love and Dean threw it away. He made all of this not happen. And it hurts to know it.
It is Friday and Dean is about to leave to work. But he needs to grab Castiel’s present and his pie. He is looking at the worktop, looking for Cas’ pie. He made yesterday a lot of pies. Two for Charlie, two for Sam and himself, one for Kevin, one for Bobby and Jody and one for Cas. Although the one for Bobby and Jody is already at Bobby’s place. Kevin and Charlie will come tomorrow for theirs.
Dean pulls his head away. “Come here,” he says opening his arms and Castiel hugs Dean tightly. “We are a couple of sentimental cheesy idiots.” He holds Castiel tighter in his arms.
“Two; the Empty might be able to feel the presence of two people better than one, even if both of those people are hidden by that spell,” Dean adds.
With a tiny movement of his hand, Cas makes the come in his ass and on his stomach disappear. Then, he lies on his usual side, to Dean’s right, and future Cas lies on Dean’s left side. Both of his lovers cuddle against each of Dean’s sides and they rest their hands on Dean’s chest, close to where his heart is. Dean quickly grabs both of their hands and kisses their palms before letting them go.
Sam comes out of the bathroom, fully dressed. The steam from the bathroom gets into the bedroom, and both Dean and Castiel feel the humidity coming from it. “You bought coffee?” Sam says, pleased.
Castiel laughs.
“Do you have anything in mind?” Dean asks as Cas navigates through Netflix.
“I’m staying here for a while,” Castiel announces, and then he looks at Dean. “If that’s okay.”
Dean takes a sip and hums happily at it. “Fuck, I missed your awesome coffee.”
Dean is in front of his desk, using his laptop. He doesn’t turn his eyes away from the screen when Castiel comes in and closes the door behind him.
They keep kissing and suddenly, they hear a loud knocking on the bathroom’s door. “Would you please stop doing whatever the hell you are doing and come out?! We’re gonna be late!” Sam yells.
Dean took a long, deep breath. “Maybe one day we can have some peace and freedom. I still believe in it.”
“After spending fifteen years apart, I would say that less than a week isn’t that long,” Dean sassed.
“Don’t you dare, Dean Winchester,” Castiel warned with a deadly glare that made Dean laugh. “Stop laughing,” he protested, squeezing his face.
“Don’t button it completely,” Dean says, stepping into his personal space and pulling Cas’ hands away from the buttons.
“How’re you doing?” Dean asks, looking at Cas. “You’re human again.”
“See you, Cas,” Dean says before Cas pulls away and walks away from the lift. “Have a nice day.”
“Yes, I really enjoyed it.”
“Fucking delicious,” Dean answers before taking another big bite of his slice.
“What?” Cas asks, angrily. “It's not fair? I know that. But he needs you.”
“He was warded when April found him, and she killed him.”
“I’m gonna talk to the staff to explain what happened,” Sam offers as he sets his plate aside. “You good?”
“I wouldn’t have gone through all this shit if you hadn’t told me to leave, Dean,” Cas snaps.
“You okay?” Dean asks after pulling away.
“I’m gonna go back to my bedroom,” Dean starts to say as he stands up, never meeting Sam’s eyes, because Sam knows him too well, and Dean is afraid that his brother might see something that Dean doesn’t want him to see. Sam has already pushed too much the thing related with Dean’s feelings for Cas and Dean right now feels like he’s drowning, unable to breathe properly, his chest pressing tights against his lungs. “I’ll see you for supper.”
“Think you’re gonna hold up until we get back home?”
“Yeah. Some of us can wake up and be functional without coffee.”
“You are in a good mood this morning.” Dean observes.
Castiel grunts and places his hand on top of Dean’s lips, urging him to hush. It makes Dean laugh.
“You are a freaking sap, Cas,” Dean chuckles as he feels a few more tears fall down. He might be trying to ease the moment with some lazy joke, but in truth, he feels so relieved to hear those words.
“You always say that!” Dean yells, getting closer. “There wasn’t any other choice! It was the only thing I could do!” He yells, mockingly, making Castiel clench his jaw. “You’re always so eager to get yourself killed!”
“I like these painters,” Dean confesses in a murmur. The place isn’t too crowded, but it is really quiet, so Dean doesn’t want to spoil the quietness of it. “I like the colors and the ways it’s drawn.”
“However,” Cas keeps saying, softly. “I fail to understand the reasons that lead her to work with the British Men of Letters. I know that they helped us to find you with their satellite, but I don’t believe that they are trustworthy.”
Their kiss was desperate, full of emotions. It felt as if they were kissing for all those wasted years they were separated and they couldn’t kiss. Castiel held Dean close, almost as if he was afraid of losing him if he pulled his hands away; Dean felt the same. He ran his hands on Cas’ body, tracing up his back, feeling the amazing shapes of his body, until he reached his hair and ran them desperately, loving the softness of it. Castiel moved his hands from Dean’s face to his chest, his fingers digging in Dean’s shirt, desperate to feel more as their kiss deepened, making the two of the moan.
Things aren’t perfect, but they are both trying to do something about it.
Castiel gave him an obvious and tired look. “Of course that I love it, Dean. Stop being a bragging assbutt.” He wanted to make a mad grimace, but Dean was laughing in that joyful way of his and it was contagious. “Stop it.”
They both manage to make a tiny and brief smile.
“Sam, we don't have a choice. Jack's about to blow!” Dean yells, feeling the same desperation Sam feels.
But Dean can’t finish his sentence because Cas smashes their mouths together and kisses him, hard and desperate, using his hand to fist Dean’s torn t-shirt and using the other to place it on his nape. Dean doesn’t fight back, he kisses him in the same way, but with frustration too, getting his hands on his hips.
Cas grabs his hand and the two of them make it upstairs, making sure that they switch all the lights off on their way up.
“I don’t think you truly believe that, Dean.” Sam makes a soothing, tiny smile and Dean wants to laugh painfully at that. “I know you, Dean, better than you think, and I know that you don’t want to lose the best thing that ever happened in your life.” He sounds so confident as he talks. Dean looks away from Sam; he can’t meet his eyes now. “You spent fifteen years of your life pretending that you could forget him, that you did, but we all know that you could never forget him, Dean. He was present in your life every single day. You tried to move on, but you couldn’t.”
“No, it’s not easy.”
“And you are it too.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel finally says.
“Much better. It doesn’t hurt me at all. But I think I have a big bruise. How’s your head?”
“Listen, if— when— when this works, Sam, he's gonna be a mess,” Dean explains after a pause. “So look out for him, okay? Make sure he doesn't do anything stupid.”
“I’m going to bed,” Castiel announces as he stands up.
“You burn calories in both of them.”
“That’s not true!” Sam protests, quite annoyed.
“I want to,” Castiel says shyly but serious. He walks towards the kitchen and Dean follows him. Castiel leaves the bowls in the sink and he looks down at them for some long moments. Dean watches him as he stands next to him. Castiel takes a deep breath and he doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes.
“Can I ask for something else?” Dean asks, almost in a murmur.
Dean sighed. “It’s your call, Cas. You decide.” Cas’ leaving time always came too soon for the two of them and Dean always wanted to have Cas for a little longer.
When Castiel opens his eyes, he notices Dean’s eyes on him, and Dean blushes, but he doesn’t look away immediately. They hold their gazes for a moment as they walk, until Dean finally breaks their eye contact, afraid of getting even more lost in those blue eyes, afraid of being able to reveal the secrets in his heart.
“Yeah, you did,” Sam says, his voice sounding really surprised. He makes a happy pout and nods. “I’m just startled by the fact that you are actually going to keep that promise.”
“Cas, what’s wrong?” Sam asks extremely worried. Of course that he can see the pain in Castiel’s face, how isn’t he? Right now, Castiel can only feel his heart breaking into millions of pieces. This shouldn’t hurt as much as it does. They aren’t together, they won’t be together ever, Dean doesn’t love him, Dean isn’t attracted to him, and he knows him, Castiel knows it well. He shouldn’t be jealous, he shouldn’t be feeling something as painful as this, but he does. “Cas?”
“Let me see your wound,” Dean says.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas murmurs, and Dean can hear some amusement in his voice.
“What're you talking about?” Dean asks.
“Cas.” Dean says. Castiel makes a humming noise and he opens his eyes. “Can you untie me?”
Castiel nuzzles his neck and presses a kiss on Dean’s shoulder. He snuggles on Dean, tangling one of his legs with Dean’s, which makes Dean smile. He also places his hand back to Dean’s torso, stroking soothingly his chest.
Castiel chuckled. “Only a little, but it’s because you care too much.”
Castiel comes first, letting out a loud moan with Dean’s name on it. Dean follows him a second later, moaning Castiel’s name. They try to keep their eyes open and watch the other fall apart, but their eyes fall shut as they keep spilling onto their stomachs, riding on the aftershocks.
“You’ve got that nostalgic look,” Dean says, caressing the small of Castiel’s back. He presses himself closer. He knows that look. It’s the look Cas gets when he remembers something from when he was an angel. “Don’t tell me you also saw how the Grand Canyon was formed.”
He is still crying when he grabs his locked journal.
But the truth is that Dean didn’t want them to go on separate ways. He suggested that plan to be more efficient, but he knows that if they went on separate ways, the risk of getting killed would rise.
Dean fishes for it and looks at the ID caller. “It’s Claire,” Dean says to Cas before he answers the phone, putting it on speaker. “Hey, Claire, what’s up?”
Dean is thrown back to what Cas told him a week ago, about finding happiness in the smallest moments.
Castiel nods. He looks at Dean’s eyes, with than usual intensity of his that makes Dean’s heart stop and then increase its speed. His hand reaches for Dean’s temple, where the skin tissue is whiter because of a recent scar. His touch makes Dean let out a silent sigh.
The song Dean sings is
“Anything cooked by you.”
Castiel steps away, pulling his hand away, and Dean immediately misses the warmth of Castiel’s touch, and its gentleness. Those hands have killed and hurt, but on Dean, they have always been gentle and tender. Except for those times Cas was possessed or cursed.
Cas follows him immediately.
Dean sighs bitterly. “Yeah. You’ve got a point.”
They don’t leave a single slice of pizza. It takes them a little while to move to wash the dishes, but they are a bit full and they can wait for it, so they keep talking, Cas saying that he will try to make pizza at his home whenever he gets the chance.
After a moment, they wash each other, quickly but gently, getting under the spray of water to wash away the foam of the shampoo and the gel. They get out of the shower and they get their towels, drying themselves.
“Yes,” Castiel answers.
Castiel sighs and approaches Dean. “Because there was always something happening, Dean. We couldn’t take a break. I wanted to bring you here once things were quiet. I haven’t been here in four years.”
“Be thankful that I don’t throw you any of those books to your head because I love you,” he says as he points with his head the bookcase. He sounds so serious that Dean knows that he would definitely do it if their situation was different. It makes Dean grin. “Why are you grinning so widely?” he asks frowning and tilting his head to one side.
“Don’t make me smite you, Dean.”
“No. Not at all.” And he makes an honest and genuine smile.
“Awesome,” Dean grunts really pissed off. He didn’t have enough with all those shitty and painful feelings that now he is seeing Castiel. That was the last thing he needed. “Now I’m getting to the point when I start hallucinating with you. Fucking awesome.”
“I’m not blaming myself, Dean.” His eyes find Dean’s and it feels as if he wanted to stare into Dean’s soul. “I only wish that I still had that ability. It would have saved you from a lot of suffering.” He pouts sadly and looks down. “I remember when all I had to do was to touch you and heal you completely. All your wounds and all your pain were gone with that.” He takes a deep breath and smiles nostalgically. Dean doesn’t say a word; all he does is to keep stroking Cas’ back soothingly.
“Let’s go back home,” Dean says.
Dean grunts and he ends up standing up as well. “Fine. You guys don’t let a guy take his rest after eating.”
His movements are slow, and Cas’ grip on his hair isn’t too tight; both know this is to get things nice and started, but both of them are enjoying this. Dean looks at Cas’ blessed face, hearing how his name comes out of his lips every time Dean swirls his tongue or presses the head of his cock against his throat.
“You— Oh fuck Cas, you must watch
Suddenly, Dean starts to sing in a really drunk voice, but he is drunk, so he thinks he sounds good. “
“You like it, I know it. You always make a happy face when I call you that.” Since the beginning of their friendship, Castiel was well aware of how that ‘insult’ always brought a smile to Dean’s face, even if Dean rolled his eyes or pretended to be mad at him; he always smiled at that word.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asks worried. Castiel turns and Dean sees that there’s some come on Castiel’s shirt. “Oh, fuck, I’m sorry.”
This is only a friendship, nothing else. He will repeat to himself that thing over and over again.
“Oh,” Dean says arching his eyebrows. “Well, thanks,” he adds. Castiel simply nods and turns around, walking towards the bathroom. “You can’t stop worrying about me, don’t you?” Dean says from behind.
Night has already fallen, which means that it is only a matter of time before they go to bed. Once Dean has made sure that Cas is deeply asleep, he will leave their bed and abandon the dream. At most, Dean thinks he has two hours left to spend in this world, and there is something he wants to do before he leaves.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bryan Adams sings the chorus again. “
“I might be.” He simply says. “Like you.”
. A classic that you really need to read.”
“Fucking up one way or another,” Dean breathes out. He gets his hands in his jean’s pockets, a silly gesture that always helps him to ground himself. “I don’t wanna fuck up something to the point where it’s beyond repair.”
Suddenly, Castiel shivers and Dean gives him an ‘I told you so’ look that Castiel returns with a bitch face. “C’mon, get inside before you get a cold,” Dean says with a father voice. Castiel smiles and rolls his eyes, but he does get back inside. Both of them thank the warmth of Dean’s apartment the moment they are in it and the terrace’s door is closed. “You still need to get used to the coldness of Vancouver.”
“Dean!”
Dean moves his mouth and looks at Castiel with an arched brow and a teasing look. “I don’t like the fact that you’re thinking about Sammy when I have my hand on your cock.”
“Got any plans for today?” Dean asked.
Dean laughs while Castiel frowns confused at the Star Wars reference. When Dean looks at him, the actor is still frowning. “I don’t understand that reference.”
“I can’t believe you kicked me out of our bedroom!” Dean exclaims chuckling.
“Yeah, obviously,” he says with a grimace and Castiel rolls his eyes. Dean smiles. “But the rest was awesome.”
After dinner, they clean everything and after that, they sit on the couch and they decide to watch
But before Castiel could finish his sentence, Sheriff Morris grabbed his hand. In less than a second, her eyes lightened up in a dark blue light, as well as the tattoos peeking out her sleeves. Castiel was soon paralyzed, feeling her djinn’s powers taking control over him, slowly putting him to sleep.
Castiel kisses him, desperately, moving his hands on Dean’s back restlessly, wanting to touch him everywhere. He tilts his head and closes his eyes, moaning loudly once Dean’s cock touches his prostate. Dean can feel Cas’ cock twitching in between their bellies, how his body tenses and how he is clenching tighter than before around Dean. Cas is close and Dean knows it, so he thrusts harder, hitting that spot and Dean comes first, immediately followed by Cas, who moans Dean’s name, and it shouldn’t sound as full of love and care, but it always sounds like that.
Castiel laughs. “
“Do you think that might be possible?” Sam asks, slightly hopeful.
Castiel chuckles and he kisses Dean again. “I like how that sounds.”
Dean burst into a beautiful laughter, and Castiel couldn’t remain frustrated with him. That sound was beautiful and it always got right to his heart. “Love it when you swear.”
“It happens when I’m under the sun for a long time,” he explains, blushing, not knowing why he is blushing.
“How was it?” Castiel asks.
“Of course. Dean, this is so fucking beautiful.” The moment he let out the word ‘fucking’, Castiel covered his mouth and opened his eyes in shock.
“So it is only my fault?” His question is full of sass and it leaves Dean smirking. They kiss again, and again, until they decide to stop, because Dean’s stomach growls.
As they prepare the burgers, Dean observes that Cas has gained some confidence in the kitchen. He still has a lot of to learn, but he isn’t as lost as he used to be. He does his tasks with determination, which surprises Dean. Castiel notices his surprise and he explains him that whenever he had a chance, he tried to cook. The results weren’t good, but he gained some experience.
“I don’t think it exists, I just made it up,” Dean answered. He put one brush on a jar he had next to the sink; he always left his brushes there so they could dry during the night and picked them after he had breakfast. “Do you like music?”
The green eyed boy stared at Castiel for a while, almost in the same way Castiel was staring at him. Then, he made a pretty, tiny smile and said, “Hey.”
Why is he thinking about all of that now?  He really hates his mind and heart and everything that induces him to start thinking about Dean. It’s over. There isn’t any other chance left for them. They wasted all of them. Castiel should finish his dinner and stop thinking and overanalyzing every stupid small detail of those months when he and Dean were trying to develop a friendship.
“Yeah, it is,” Dean says happily. “Do you want to take another one? This time looking at the camera?” he asks laughing.
He keeps crying, until his pain seems to dull itself, and when it does, he leaves the dungeon and heads to the Impala.
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean says with a wide grin, making his words sound really happy.
Dean hummed.
Dean will run away from his feelings for as long as possible. Even if he knows it will destroy him at the end.
“Cas,” Dean says, trying to keep the distance in his voice. As much as he loves hearing Cas’ voice, he doesn’t know where they stand anymore. He wishes he could say what he wrote in his journal, but instead, he needs Cas to know about Chuck being back. Maybe they lost each other, but Dean still wants Cas to be alright. “Sam's been trying to call you.”
Dean chuckles bitterly. Bobby was the one who raised Sam and Dean for almost their whole life. Ellen joined the family when Dean reached sixteen and she raised the Winchester brothers as well as Bobby. And although she knows them for a few years later, she knows them too well.
“I know,” Dean whispers. “I just wish that things turned out to be differently, but—” Before he says anything else, he shuts up. He has had this conversation more times than he should, and he is tired of replaying the past and looking for mistakes. Nothing is going to change. He should turn the page and carry on. “It’s too late to change things,” he says instead. He looks up, trying to hold the tears. He doesn’t know why he has the need to cry right now. “Shit,” he mumbles.
“I bet they’re gonna spend the rest of the trip back home wondering what the hell we’re gonna tell them,” Dean says, clearly amused.
“You are welcome. And thank you for the roses.” Dean looks at them and lets the overwhelming smell of them to get to his nose. He lets out a happy sigh after that. “So this is what you needed to buy?”
He grabs his phone and sees that it’s a message from Dean.
“Sure,” Castiel says as he grabs a pen.
The ground is still slippery, so they walk instead of running. They are completely drenched, so running towards the Impala won’t change anything. The last thing they need is to slip and break a bone.
“I feel terrific,” Dean lies.
Cas chuckles. Then, he looks at the shackles around his wrists. He and Dean notice at the same time that they are sharing one shackle that has carved some symbols that resemble a djinn’s tattoo. They also notice that in that shackle, Cas’ left hand and Dean’s right hand are laced together. That’s probably how they were able to be in the same dream.
It feels too good to be like that, with Dean under his body, both of them pressed together, trying to recover their breathes, with Dean’s arms around him, as if Dean wanted to protect him or to make him stay.
When Castiel’s breathing has evened out, he pulls his face away from Dean’s neck and looks at him tenderly before they kiss, lazily but fondly. There is too much love in every kiss Castiel gives him. When he pulls away, he gets his hand on Dean’s face, cupping it. His thumb moves on the trail left from Dean’s tears, wiping it.
“Yeah, I know.” He lets his grip on Cas go and he stands up. “Can’t blame me for trying, huh?”
Castiel rolls his eyes, but he smiles. “Okay, Dean, let’s go to Chicago to eat some pizza.”
“Now, I can't possibly fix it... So why did I even walk out of that river?” Cas asks, and he sounds so lost and ashamed that it pains Dean’s heart.
“Dean?” Sam asks, confused and quite angry, but Dean ignores him and keeps walking towards his bedroom.
As Castiel thought that, Dean pulled away from the kiss, but Castiel chased his lips, desperate to feel the gentle kisses of the man he loved. Dean smiled against it, something that Castiel loved immensely.
“What are you thinking?” Castiel wonders, giving all his attention to Dean.
. As he thinks that, he realizes that Sam is still there, and Dean knows he still has to pretend and make a comment about Cas having sex, because that’s the normal standard for Dean. So he chuckles and says, “Our little Cas. He gave it up to a reaper. That is—”
“Five years ago. I was at home and I sent one servant to ask for where you were, but everyone said that the Winchester family had left the town a couple of years ago and they didn’t know where they went.”
Dean chuckles. On one hunt in California, they both ended up really bad and hurt, and the doctor gave them some therapeutic marihuana to deal with the pain. Dean had to teach Cas how to take a toke and they both enjoyed that relaxed moment and make out session. Cas isn’t a smoker, but sometimes he enjoys smoking a joint or a cigarette because he also carries some stuff from the past that he can’t let go completely. Dean understands him.
“Do you guys need anything else?” Sam asks.
“Look,” Dean starts, not hiding the edge from his voice. “Dude made his choice. He decided to move on.”
A few more touches that leave Dean breathless and Cas pulls away his fingers, cleaning them on the sheets. He settles onto Dean, who brings his legs up to Cas’ waist, placing them around them and bringing his partner closer onto him. He feels Cas’ cock on his rim and Dean moves slightly, just enough to feel it and make the two of them groan.
Castiel shrugs a shoulder. “You seem upset with my departure.”
Dean hums. “Yeah.” He takes a deep breath. “This.” He lifts his beer. “A whole lot of this. But on a beach somewhere, you know? Can you imagine? You, me, Cass, toes in the sand, couple of them little umbrella drinks. Matching Hawaiian shirts, obviously. Some hula girls.”
Having someone who loves you more than anything, who can make you see the light in your darkest moments, who can always make you smile, was something that Castiel thought he would never had. And Dean appeared and he turned his world upside down. It felt like if Castiel hadn’t breathed in his whole life and Dean taught him how to. He is getting cheesy. He chuckles at that; Dean always complained about how cheesy Castiel used to be, although Dean used to be pretty cheesy as well.
“That needs to be done in the Empty.”
“Then?”
Dean rolls his eyes and punches Cas’ arm, softly, a way to hide that he is flattered and blushing because of Cas’ words. “Idiot.” He chuckles. Castiel simply smiles.
“What?”
This chapter is titled after the song
Soon, Dean has his back to the bed with Cas on top of him. They have lost their pants and shoes while they walked the small path from where they were standing to the bed, never stopping their kisses.
Dean frowns as he stands up. “Meg?”
Dean hangs up the phone and he closes his eyes again. The warmth and the titillation spreading over his body are still there. Cas called because he needed to hear Dean’s voice, he needed to talk to him. And Cas felt better with that. With things like that, Dean can’t help smiling, because it shows that Cas doesn’t just consider him a whore. And that’s something that melts Dean’s heart.
But later. Right now, they just want to have breakfast.
“Give me your bag,” Castiel says, taking Dean’s duffel bag from his hand. “I’ll leave them on the bedroom and then I’ll help you with the boxes.” He steals a quick kiss from Dean’s lips before leaving his side, carrying their duffel bags upstairs.
Dean swallows hard. What has John done now? He knows that John gets in hospital for embolism, but they always called Bobby for that; hospital has never called Dean or Sam, it was always Bobby. The same happened when John had to spend the night in prison after some stupid fight their drunk father started in a bar.
One of Dean’s hands finds its way under Castiel’s t-shirt and he starts caressing Cas’ torso. His fingers brush Cas’ nipple and the fallen angel wails a moan that makes him pull away from the kiss. He looks at Dean’s with dark eyes and something hot runs down Dean’s body. Castiel then directs his mouth to Dean’s neck, kissing and sucking it and Dean groans at the feeling, loving the way Cas’ stubble rasps against his skin.
“You shouldn’t be used to that.”
“I’ll come home to eat,” Castiel answers before biting the toast. He makes an appreciative moan and Dean grins. “I don’t have much left to do, so I’ll be back here in time for lunch.”
“Yeah, super.” He sees that Cas starts to walk to somewhere, getting out of Dean’s sight. They should hurry up and pay all of these before Cas sees him. “Let’s pay this and get out of here.” He says as he turns over with the shopping cart really fast.
I was going to update tomorrow, but apparently I won't be able to do it, so I'm updating today.
“Do you have any better idea, Dean?”
Dean smiles and keeps taking off his boots. His pants follow them, and Castiel watches with a soft smile on his lips that Dean finds himself mirroring. He has missed him a lot, but now he is back at the bunker. He's back at the bunker with Cas.
Dean takes a deep breath and rubs his eyes. He should better not think about that little conversation. It is better if he just focuses on making dinner. He doesn’t want his feelings tonight. Dean only wants to spend a night with his family and enjoy it. That’s all. He isn’t asking that much. So if he puts away all his feelings, he will make it.
By the time they pull away, both of them are grinning.
Dean makes a grimace and looks at the bed his father is. Then, he looks at Cas. “Same as yesterday. Although I slept a bit better.”
Before Dean looks away, he makes an agreeable face.
“I— I” Dean tries to say, but a sob breaks in, and he starts crying, unable to stop the tears.
“Sam's in there,” Meg insists. “I know you're enjoying the double dip with your old pal, but–“
“You didn't get out,” Dean snaps. “So whose fault was it?”
“Everybody will be very scandalized when we get married,” Castiel said, shaking his head. He didn’t know how the people and all the nobles would react to him getting married to another man. He suspected that some nobles would immediately hate him for it and that most of the people from the country would support him, but he knew it was going to be polemic, but Castiel didn’t care. He loved Dean and he wanted to be with him.
“It’s not even a good idea when the three of us go,” Dean admits.
“Keep telling yourself that, Cas,” he jokes and Castiel kicks his leg, making Dean laugh.
“Have you noticed he is drinking less?” Sam asks once Cas is in there.
“Is Sam awake?” he asks as he heads towards the kitchen. The sound of someone moving a spoon in a cup comes from the kitchen, so Dean might have gotten his answer before Jessica even answers.
“Yes.” Castiel smiles again, and it is such a beautiful sight that it makes Dean lean and steal another kiss. He is never going to get tired of kissing Cas. He can’t believe he is finally able to just lean and kiss Cas. “Jack also told me that you rescued me from the Empty. I remember seeing you in the bunker, but then I passed out. I’m sorry I can’t remember anything else.”
Dean chuckles bitterly. “Yeah, like that’s easy for me.”
“And maybe you’re right, about the kid,” Dean adds. “I mean, he tries. I’ll give him that. And he tapped his powers, saved our ass, so that’s a win.”
“What?” Dean asks confused.
It is going to be so hard to leave this world, especially now after knowing what it would be like to make love with Cas.
“I don’t see you getting up either,” Castiel sasses.
“Dean, wait!” he exclaims. Dean turns around and Castiel isn’t sure why he told him to wait. Part of him wishes they could go back to that happy time when they were together, but they can’t. It is too late. And what if they start over and he ends up hurt again? He knows he can’t bare something like that again. He wants Dean in his life, but he doesn’t trust him to let his poor broken heart in his hands again. Why is he even thinking about those things right now?
“About what?”
“Make me, Cas.”
“Good, good,” Dean breathes out, relieved. “And the best part is that we didn’t get hurt at all. There are no wounds to heal and we don’t need to take a trip to the hospital.”
It’s a warm and sunny day despite being in the middle of November, so Dean is going to seize this free hour he has by sitting under one of those trees there are on the campus. As he walks by to find a nice place, he sees Charlie under the cherry tree, focused on her laptop. Dean can’t help a smile and he walks towards his friend.
“Whoa, wait. Excuse me?” Dean says. He might be pissed at Cas, but he doesn’t want to be left behind.
Dean decides to temporarily trust Ezekiel and he brings him to Sam’s room, hoping that he can heal him.
Dean huffs a bitter chuckle. “You’re so sure about it.”
“We can. We do,” Dean says making Sam open his eyes widely. “But he doesn’t trust me. He can’t trust me again. I already told you that. I broke his heart and he can’t give me his heart again because he knows I will break it again. How many times do I have to explain you this?”
Dean looks at him, waiting for Cas to elaborate more, but the ex-angel doesn’t.
The moment he opens the door, a bell sounds and he greets the girl in the cash register, who knows Dean from visiting the store quite often. Dean knows this place perfectly and he knows where every different section is, so he goes directly to the fiction section and he starts to look around the different books. He has so many books at home, but Dean loves reading. One of these days he is going to have to build another bookshelf if he keeps buying books.
“I’m on the east road. I don’t know the number.”
Even if it hurts to know that Bobby is gone, in the end, both Sam and Dean eventually accept it, even if it is really painful.
“Um, short version,” Chuck says with his usual cockiness. “Sammy lost hope, and now I'm free. Hey, take it easy on the kid. It took a lot to beat it out of him.”
“Dean, the blade,” Crowley demands. He moves his hand, waiting for Dean to drop the weapon onto his palm.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, approaching Cas, who is sitting on the couch and reading a book. He leans down and Castiel tilts his head up, meeting him in a kiss. “How was work?”
“That’s a song from Sonny and Cher,” Castiel teases with a serious voice.
“I’m really ticklish.” Dean warns.
Dean smirks. “I hope you don’t find it ridiculous.”
“Hands, now!” Mary orders to Cas.
Life might not be perfect, but sometimes, it feels like it is.
“Hello,” Cas greets, as he would do any other day.
Dean rolls his eyes. “That’s why I changed it for a tie!” He looks at Cas and points at him. “He looks so fucking hot with a tie, and I looked stupid with a bowtie. I’m gonna wear a tie because I look better and my soon to be husband deserves to get married with me looking nice, not dorky.”
“Knowing you, you could,” he says with a smirk as he leaves the bedroom, followed by Cas.
Castiel walks towards him and sits next to him, holding his hands. “That happened a long time ago, Dean. And it wasn’t you. You did all of that because of the Mark.” It wasn’t only the Mark. Dean was conscious while he did that. “I know you would never hurt me. You could have killed me that night and you didn’t. That’s what matters.”
Dean leaves and Castiel closes the door. He rests his forehead on it and he takes a deep breath. What really hurts about all of this, is the fact that he wants to give Dean everything he needs and wants, to make him really happy, to take away all his pain and all those bad thoughts, but he knows he isn’t the right guy. He wants to make Dean feel loved, but he doesn’t know how to and he knows that if they ever get together, he will only hurt him.
“You awake?” Dean mumbles, still holding his lover in his arms.
Castiel makes a tiny, amused smile. “That’s partially true. But I know that when I truly need to vent myself, you are there. You read me better than anyone, Dean, so I don’t have to say much before you notice something is going on with me.”
They are a mess of moans and pants, and it feels too fucking awesome. It always feels awesome when they are having sex, but even more so when they are making love. The intimacy of it feels purer. Better.
Dean can’t help huffing. It is a simple question, but its answer is complicated.
It takes them a while to catch their breaths, and when they do, they look at each other and they grin. Dean loves seeing Cas all blushed, with a gummy smile, with his eyes shining bright and his hair being a wild mess that is stuck to his forehead because of the sweat. Dean kisses him, happily, because for a moment, he completely forgets about reality and he just thinks about him and Cas, exhausted from making love, but both being really happy and satisfied.
“Wait,” Charlie says looking at Dean, who is handing her the flour. Dean knew that his friend was going to know about this sooner or later. “This is the famous Castiel?” She switches her sight from Dean and Castiel quickly and repeatedly. Dean feels how his face is heating up as the blush starts to appear in his face. Castiel, meanwhile, looks at Dean’s ginger friend with a confused frown. Of course that she knows about Cas; Dean told her about him one night he was having a really terrible weak and he was a bit drunk at Charlie’s apartment. “The guy you were so deeply in love and—?”
“You’re not helping, Cas.” He groans and looks at the landscape, feeling Cas’ worried eyes on him. “I feel useless.”
During a moment, Castiel looks at Dean, who knows he is looking at Cas as if he was the brightest star in the universe, smiling like a happy fool, and by the way Cas looks, he is happy too. He makes one of those smiles he only does to Dean and blushes a little before he keeps talking to Charlie.
Castiel grabbed his hand and pulled it towards his lips, kissing his knuckles. “Fifteen years is almost half our lives, Dean.”
“Are you actually discussing this?” Dean asks, a bit surprised, and Castiel gives him his brand own confused look; tilt of head, frown and squinty eyes. So they are definitely doing this. Dean sighs. “I don’t know, Cas. Maybe using banana instead of lemon screwed up the rhythm of the song. But bananas don’t have juice, so you can’t squeeze them until the juice comes out. If you squeeze a banana, you just smash it and it becomes some gross sort of puree, so I don’t think anyone wants that.”
Dean looks at him surprised. He wasn’t expecting Cas to buy him anything. He bought something for Cas, which is in the trunk. Dean wanted to give it to Cas once they were in front of the building where Castiel lives. “You got me a Christmas present?”
“Sounds great,” he says, smiling. “Do you want me to help you or—”
“Just a bit,” Castiel answers casually.
Cas hands Dean the last dish. Their fingers brush momentarily and Dean can’t help but think about Charlie’s words. But he quickly pushes them away. Dean isn’t going to risk Cas’ friendship. It is better if they remain best friends.
“He said he had to go to buy something he needed,” Sam answers, not moving his eyes from the TV. “He also said that it wouldn’t take him too long.”
“Hey, Cas, wait a second,” Sam says. “Wait, hold on. Just…”
“So now that we are all together, let’s go to the damn living room and tell everything you are willing to say ask or whatever,” Bobby says with his bossy voice but in a fond way, well, his fond way. He moves his hand and indicates everybody to go to the living room. “You sure you don’t need help, boy?” he asks to Dean, because Bobby knows Dean is heading directly to the kitchen.
“You really like it, don’t you?” Dean asks as he walks towards Castiel, grabbing his attention. Dean places himself next to Cas, barely leaving any space left in between them. He rests his hands on the table like Cas is doing and he looks at the tree.
Dean laughs. “Nah, for now it’s perfect, Cas.” He leans onto him and gives him a sweet kiss. He missed giving Cas proper kisses. “But if you want anything of that, I can make it later. For now I’m happy that you didn’t burn the toast.”
He stops walking and he kisses Cas tenderly. “You’re awesome, did you know that?”
“Hey,” Dean murmurs as he brushes Castiel’s hair.
Dean complies and gets those things from the drawers, handing them to Cas. The actor puts on the condom and spreads the lube on his hands and on his cock before he starts to finger Dean, who lets out a pleased moan the moment he feels Cas’ finger inside him.
“You’re so damn cheesy, Cas,” he says chuckling. Castiel chuckles too. Dean kisses him, slowly and sweetly, and when he pulls away, he buries his face in the crook of Cas’ neck, pressing his chest against Cas’ side and holding him. Cas holds him too and caresses his hair lazily. “I like this.”
Dean parks near the sheriff station and then he and Cas get out of the Impala. The path towards the entrance is partially covered in fallen leaves that crunch under their shoes, and the sound makes Dean smile.
Dean doesn’t say anything and instead takes another swig of his beer, almost emptying the bottle. “At least you were there when I woke up to calm me down. That helped a lot.”
Castiel drops his shoulders, releasing the tension of his body. He looks at Dean with a soft smile. “No, Dean. You didn’t fuck up anything. I just need to be away for a while. That’s all.”
Dean glares him again. “Not in a million years, Cas.” He sounds pissed off. “What has he told you? He hasn’t been so annoying, right?” Now he sounds really concerned and a bit embarrassed.
Usually, after nightmares, he likes to drink something strong, but beer will have to do for tonight.
Then, he starts explaining that he met Lucifer and that he found oou that Michael, from Apocalypse World, wants to come to this world and conquer it.
. It’s Castiel’s favorite from the saga and he really enjoys it.
Castiel’s blush deepens. “You are unusually fond this morning, are you okay?”
He is desperate, so he decides to pray to any angel that might be listening, because he needs help to save Sam.
“I sense that you kill a lot of people,” Cas explains casually, like someone who is talking about the weather.
“You have changed,” Billie goes on. “And you tell people it’s not a big deal. You tell people you’ll work through it but you know you won’t, you can’t and that scares the hell out of you. Or… am I wrong?”
Dean raises both of his eyebrows, pleased. “Fuck yeah, Cas.” He cups his face and kisses him before grabbing the lube.
Dean laughs and takes the sun cream from Castiel’s hands. “You should put some. I know you’re tanned, but the sun’s shinning hotter and brighter than usually. So, I’m gonna put you some.”
Cas smiles shyly. “Thank you, Dean.”
Charlie frowns in confusion. “Who was the one who suggested sleeping together?” She asks with a calculative look in her eyes.
“Thanks for taking care of me, Cas,” he whispers looking at those baby blues.
Soon they arrive to the building where they live, and instead of waiting for the lift, they run upstairs, as fast as they can, and they are in front of their apartment’s door sooner than usually.
him.” She says emphasizing the word like and with that smile that seems as if she knew when the world was going to explode.
As they drive back to the bunker, Cas now rides shotgun. Mary is in the backseat, looking through the window. Dean wants to say something, but he doesn’t know what, so he turns his eyes back to the road, trying to swallow his feelings and thoughts.
He can’t imagine how the news will affect Cas. For now, he wants Cas to have some peace; he deserves it.
“Fuck, I’m sorry,” Dean says, pulling his face away from Cas’ shoulder. He sniffs and looks at Cas, who cups his face again. “I’m so sorry you still have to put up with this.”
“Your movements may be awkward, but this is actually enjoyable.”
“It’s more than just really nice,” he says as he gets into the driver’s seat, closing the door after it. Cas joins him in the shotgun’s seat almost immediately. “My baby it’s a fucking awesome car.”
“Sooner than you expect.”
“Sometimes I forget how wise you are.”
Castiel hums. “We talked to her last week. She and Maggie are arranging everything to be able to come here.”
“You need to be on your hands and knees,” Cas begins to explain as he applies lube to his cock. “And you need to be facing the door.”
Castiel smiles and complies, kissing Dean in a breathtaking way. They slowly roll their hips, rubbing their half hard cocks, moaning into the kiss because of the motion. Dean deepens the kiss, making Castiel dig his nails on Dean’s scalp, moaning louder into it.
“Yeah, Cas, I’m more than alright.” He smiles, honestly and touched. “I can’t believe you did something like this for me. We weren’t even together, but you— holy shit.” He gasps and then he kisses him tenderly. “You’re so fucking awesome. And I love you so fucking much.”
Dean slides up onto the bed, until his whole body is resting onto the mattress and the back of his head is resting comfortably on the pillow.
Charlie smiles and hops while Dean grins. “Really?”
Castiel smirked. “No. They know I always stay in my room out of any trouble, so they don’t worry about me.”
“It’s easier said than done,” Dean whispers with a shaky voice. Charlie gives him an exasperated look. “What if he doesn’t feel the same? What if he doesn’t want me?”
They go upstairs, holding hands during their path, only pulling away when they have to take off their robes. Then, they get in their bed, and Castiel immediately holds Dean in his arms, pressing him close. Dean sighs, happily, nuzzling Castiel’s neck as the ex-angel covers the two of them.
“Hello, fearless leader.” Castiel greets.
“Me too.” Dean smiles. He kisses Cas. They have never kissed when Dean is about to leave. But Cas has been the first who started, so maybe there’s no problem at all. “See you tomorrow, Cas.”
Dean gets the hint and he frees Castiel’s cock from his underwear. Both of them grab both of their cocks and they start to jerk both of them, fisting their hands and moving them in a frantic rhythm, pulling closer as their eyes are fixed on each other.
Cas looks at him and there is sadness and determination in his eyes.
“It’s something worth watching,” Dean says with a smirk. Castiel looks at him with a sassy look, a bit exasperated with him. Dean chuckles and walks towards him. “You look fucking great.” He gets his hands on Cas’ arms and caresses them, feeling the amazing shapes of his strong muscles. “You’re getting hotter with every passing day.”
As he walks towards the bin to throw the condom away, Dean looks at Cas with a nostalgic smile on his face. He can’t help comparing what they have just done, being two teasing assholes with each other with how Sam and Jess were tonight. Sometimes Dean feels like he and Cas are a couple. But this is completely different; he’s the only one with feelings in this situation and they can’t have what Sam and Jess do.
“So, you’re gonna grow old with me, huh?” Dean asks, pulling away his face slightly, just enough to meet Cas’ eyes.
“You could publish with a pseudonym,” Dean suggested.
“Yeah, she’s awesome,” Dean agreed. He got his hand on Castiel’s nape and his fingers started to brush his hair, making Castiel purr. “You seem more rested than the other day. Did you actually listened to me and you took a rest?”
“Because you’re fucking hot in a waistcoat, Cas.”
Dean is happy, really happy, and Castiel is it too. They have had a few arguments, but nothing too important. Relationships aren’t perfect, they come with good and bad things, but he and Cas have been through hell and back before they became a couple that this thing they have built is great. It isn’t perfect, but it feels like it. They are happy and they love each other; even if Dean hasn’t said it out loud yet, but Cas knows it.
Dean hummed. “Hey, Cas, there’s something I don’t fully understand.”
“Are you gonna fall sleep on me?” Dean asked after a while. He looked down at Castiel, without stopping his caresses.
Dean sighed. “But for now, we’re still here, together. And that’s an awesome thing.”
Dean grunts and rubs his face. “What time is it?”
He opens the trunk of the Impala and he easily finds the bottle. He doesn’t think about the eagerness in his hands when he lifts the bottle to his lips and takes a long sip of the golden liquid, feeling the familiar and comforting burn of the alcohol in his throat.
Over the years Dean had denied his feelings for Cas, but eventually he couldn’t deny them anymore, and now he only hides it as best as he can, although he knows he isn’t that good at it. He wants Cas in ways he has never wanted anyone in his life, and that scares him for so many reasons.
Dean rolled his eyes and chuckled. “You’re a sap, Cas.” He leaned and kissed him. When he pulled away, he placed his elbow onto the pillow and rested his cheek on his hand, looking at Castiel as his free hand caressed Castiel’s hip. “Tomorrow’s gonna be an important and long day. Are you ready for that?”
Dean doesn’t fight it.
The sparrow flies away after chirping, and Castiel smiles, looking how the small bird lifts and flies away. Dean knows that Cas misses flying. After all, his wings were part of him and they got burn, leaving scars on his back that he got covered with inked wings. Dean stares at Cas’ face and he sees in his eyes nostalgia; he must envy birds for being able to fly.
Pressed together, they remain in silence. The owl keeps hooting and the air blows once in a while, making the leaves of the trees rustle. It is peaceful despite the cold.
“Whatever.” Balthazar sits on the chair in front of Castiel’s desk and he leans his arms on the desk. With concerning and calculative eyes, he looks at Castiel. “What happened with him? This week you have been more upset than ever. You barely speak, you barely eat and you try to get away from everyone whenever you can. And the circles around your eyes are getting worse and worse with the days.”
“Nah, I wasn't asleep.” He starts walking towards Cas. “How'd the case go?”
Dean can’t help letting out a shaky breath. “Can you heal him?”
“I know that. But I always try to do it, just to make myself useful to you and your brother and as a way to fix all my mistakes.”
“It might rain tomorrow,” Dean says as he looks through the window.
Castiel chuckles. “Yes, he does.” He sits down on the chair. His body is aching from being in that chair for so long, but he doesn’t care. He doesn’t want to be anywhere else. “I would have gotten him a pie, but I don’t think it would be appropriate to bring one here.” He holds Dean’s hands, lacing his fingers with Dean’s motionless ones, missing Dean’s usual warmth.
Naomi swallows, but she smirks. “Basically that he was your boy toy. That it was only sex. That you will never love him and that you will always leave him.”
Dean looks down, making a shy smile, because Charlie is right. It was about time that Dean could be selfish and have some happiness. It has taken its time, but with all those things that were going on before those two big gates were closed and the Darkness was defeated, happiness wasn’t something that Dean could think about. Saving people was on top of it. Of course that he still wants to save people, but now things are quieter, and there isn’t that heavy load of stopping a huge massacre resting on his shoulders. Hunts aren’t as frequent as they used to, and Dean can have a good life without thinking that today might be his last day because some big bad is going to kill him.
“Cas is quite a kitty.”
“Of course.”
Once again, Dean and Sam can only watch the scene in astonishment.
“To the country and old cars,” Dean says, also with a grin, clashing softly his bottle with Sam before both of them take a sip.
Castiel nodded. His heart was beating fasted than ever, clearly excited with the joy of having a friendship for the first time in his life.
Dean traces Cas’ jaw with his mouth, leaving a trail of kisses, loving the feeling of his stubble on his skin. Cas nails Dean’s back and tilts his head, giving him more room. Dean keeps kissing Cas, reaching his neck, finding the spot that makes him squirm, loving the sounds coming out from his mouth, moaning his name. He goes back to kiss his lips for a while and he moves his mouth to one of Cas’ nipples, kissing it and nibbling it until it gets hard under his tongue. He loves paying attention to Cas’ nipples because they are so sensitive and Cas lets out wonderful sounds.
Charlie sniffs and Dean and Castiel look at her, seeing that she is crying too. “I’m so happy for you, guys,” Charlie says in between sobs, placing her hands on her mouth and hopping a little, being excited about them.
“You’re so mature, Cas.”
“When you’re right, you’re right.” He looks at him with an obvious glare and Castiel chuckles. “We could use some rest. We don’t have any hurry, right?”
“Yeah,” Dean says smugly. “And we shower together just to save water.”
“Then I’ll hold you, for as long as you need.”
“Yeah, I know,” Dean says.
Dean sighs and rolls his eyes, avoiding those blue eyes he loves. Sometimes he still thinks that Cas can do better, that he should be with someone better than Dean, and Castiel hates that Dean thinks that.
“Do you want some pizza for tonight with extra meat?” Castiel asks looking at his eyes. “I’m sure that even Sam must be missing some meat in his diet.”
The green eyed man chuckled. “Yeah, but—” He took a deep breath and got his other hand on Castiel’s hair, combing it. “We only get so little time together, and spending that time arguing or fighting, it’s stupid.”
“I can’t believe this is almost done,” Dean said, chuckling and his eyes shone brightly; he was as glad as Castiel was. It had been a long waiting with too much desperation and frustration, and now, things seemed to be finally heading to where they wanted them to be. “Now we only have to wait for you to become the King.”
“Okay,” Dean says, standing up. He walks towards the living room, where his clothes are, leaving Cas in the bedroom, dressing. Dean gets dressed as fast as possible without looking like he’s eager to leave, because he isn’t. When he is fully dressed he notices Castiel is leaning on the wall, watching him. “Goodnight, Cas,” Dean says with a soft smile.
They took each other’s clothes off, dropping them onto the floor while they kissed. Castiel’s hands wandered on Dean’s body, loving the feeling of Dean’s warmth skin under his palms and fingers, mapping the shapes and curves of his magnificent body. Dean did the same, his hands lingering on Castiel’s hips and thighs; he seemed to love those a lot.
“We need to reveal the photos one of these days,” Castiel simply says. Dean looks at him, surprised that he isn’t annoyed that Sam just snapped a photo of the two of them. “I think you might want to get the ones from your birthday in your album, right?” He grabs some French fries and eats them.
“You do?”
“Then go back to bed and sleep.” Dean says tenderly.
Castiel forced himself to look at his friend, his heart clenching when he saw the pain in Dean’s face. “I will come back in the last week of April.”
“He truly is.” He nods and both of them look at Dean, who makes that awkward chuckle, showing that he doesn’t feel too comfortable by the flattering.  “Do you intend to do more later?”
“I love you,” Castiel says, breathy.
Cas didn’t say that he was going to come over Dean’s place, but he said he had a break, and whenever he has a break, he always comes to see Dean to the bookstore or to his apartment.
Dean can’t help himself and he presses his lips against Cas’ one more time, treasuring in his mind the wonderful thing that it is to feel Cas’ smile when they kiss.
The ex-angel keeps moving in that delirious way, grinding into the heat and the tightness of Dean, moving in the way he knows it makes Dean squirm and moan his name loudly, and the hunter clenches around him in that way that takes Cas’ breath away.
“You are beautiful when you smile, Dean,” Cas says. His hand caresses Dean’s face, and his fingers brush the crow feet at the corner of his eyes.
Castiel arched his eyebrow. “How did you think I came here? On foot?” he asked, sassily, and Dean glared him, which made Castiel smile. “During night I tend to ride a horse outside the palace. I spend a couple of hours outside, taking a ride,” he explained as he caressed his red dun horse. “On horse, the palace and your house aren’t too far away and I could get here through the forest, without anyone seeing me, and besides, I needed an alibi to come here.”
“Always being so defensive about it.” He gives him a sweet look. “You have a lifetime to get used to my cheesy moments.” He puts the wipe away and gets his hands on Dean’s hips, his thumbs stroking the warm and freckled skin.
Castiel sighs and squeezes Dean’s hand, looking at him with an honest smile. “I’m glad we are where we are now, that we are married and happy.”
Charlie giggles. “Your nemesis is Matlab. I wonder if they could write a comic about that.” She makes a thoughtful grimace. Dean kicks her leg. “Kick me again and I ain’t fixing you this.” She warns with an obvious glare.
” he says breathy, and he hangs up.
“You do?”
“Yes,” Castiel affirms. “Jack healed me and restored my wings and my powers, but the Empty’s corruption on my grace slowed my recovery. I was awake all the time, helping Jack fix Heaven, trying to make something useful with the amount of time I had to spend in Heaven before I could finally come back to Earth. It’s been a long waiting.”
Dean closes his eyes, fighting the urge of tears. He needs to get his shit together. Sam and Bobby are waiting for him; they have a lead on the leviathans and they must be waiting for him to come back from his errand. They need his help, and they need him to be fine.
“And why the fuck are you so fucking calm?! He can use her to kill you! How—” Dean didn’t finish his sentence and instead he clenched his teeth, suppressing a sob. He looked at Castiel, frustrated and hurt, his green eyes filled with tears he didn’t want to let out.
Thank you so much for reading, for the kudos, the comments, the bookmarks and the subscriptions :)
Without any more hesitation, Dean goes to their bedroom and grabs his leather jacket and his wallet, checking that he has enough money for flowers. Then, he goes back to the living room to inform Sam that he is going to buy some flowers for Cas because it is Valentine’s Day, but he mustn’t tell Cas. Dean doesn’t miss the smirk that his little brother makes at his words; he must be thinking that he thought he wasn’t going to live long enough to see his older brother buying flowers for his boyfriend. Honestly, Dean thought that he wasn’t going to see that either.
Eventually, Dean comes out of his room, because there aren’t any more bottles of alcohol in the bunker, which means he has to go buy some. But as he walks to the library, he hears Sam speaking on the phone with Jody, and after Sam explains him that he called Jody to help Missouri, Dean decides to go with her, because maybe, hunting will give him a break and the pain will ease up. It will only be temporarily, but Dean will do anything to get rid of the pain. Or maybe he just wants to throw himself into hunting because part of him wishes to die.
“Really,” Dean assures. “Though you could’ve told me before disappearing. I was fucking worried that something bad had gotten you.”
When Dean looks at Cas, he is smiling and blushing, but his eyes are full of love. “Because I fell in love with the most righteous, extraordinary, selfless, generous, intelligent and beautiful human being.”
“You told me to look downstairs because you didn’t want me here, didn’t you?!” Castiel yells really pissed off and furious. He walks the distance that separates them, leaving a few feet in between.
“Thank you for letting us do this,” future Cas says.
“He might.” He leans a bit down onto the seat. “Having a vampire as the sheriff could come in handy whenever a corpse with suspicious marks on the neck appeared.”
“The book said that the chances were slim and I thought—”
“Okay, Cas.” He grabbed his hand and they went upstairs, to Dean’s bedroom.
But then, Castiel makes a thoughtful grimace and then a serious face. “It has to do with when we were together, right?” Of course that Castiel would know what Dean was trying to say. He was always good on reading Dean’s eyes. Castiel sighs. “Just shoot it, Dean.” He doesn’t sound mad, he sounds extremely casual, as if he wasn’t bothered at all.
Castiel smiles and he rests his head on Dean’s shoulder, tilting it so he can see Dean. “I like how that sounds,” he murmurs.
Dean brought his hand to his lips and rubbed it, getting juice on the back of his hand, but part of his lips was still painted in red. “Is it gone?”
Castiel, pulled away a little so he could look at Dean and he made a frown. “Did you really think that I had feelings towards Meg? Seriously? Have you actually seen us together?”
“To both.”
“Fuck me,” Dean says, looking at Cas with lust in his eyes. “Now.”
“You weren’t the only one who lost her.” He mutters. His body is tensed and it is getting hot with rage. “And I know that I lost my father that night too.”
Dean rolls his eyes but chuckles. “Asshole.” He searches in the drawer for the lube and a condom while Castiel kneels, with Dean’s legs in between his. He spreads the lube on his hands, warming it, and then, he gets a finger inside Castiel, who makes a really loud moan. “Just one finger and you’re already wrecked,” he mocks, smirking.
“Do you want to take a shower with me?” Castiel asks.
Dean stood up as well. “So you just came here to eat and drink tea, huh?”
“Don’t ever change, Cas,” Dean whispers. Castiel blinks perplexed, not knowing why Dean is saying that. Truth be told, Dean doesn’t know why he said that, but he doesn’t care.
“You need to learn how to make this,” Castiel says.
Castiel helps him, and thankfully, he doesn’t get himself cut. Dean turns on the fire and puts the pot on it, waiting for the water to boil so he can add the ravioli. Meanwhile, he triturates the tomatoes until they get the texture he wants for the sauce and he pours it in a small casserole to heat it while he adds some spices. While he does all of that, Castiel watches him closely, paying attention to every single thing he does.
Castiel kisses Dean immediately after his words. It’s a sad kiss, a farewell kiss full of melancholy and longing. Dean puts the remaining pieces of his broken heart into that kiss as he presses Cas closer to him. Last time, Cas said goodbye with a kiss on the cheek, but this time they are kissing and part of Dean is confused about this kiss.
“I’m not against it, Cas. It’s just that you know as well as I do that being human is not easy. I don’t want you to do something that you might regret. That’s all.”
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Of course you do.”
Dean smiles and then he places his hand on top of Cas’, slowly caressing it. “No, there’s nothing wrong with that.” He stares at their hands for a moment, watching the motion of his thumb. “You’ve got any plans about what you’re gonna do now that you’re human?”
She squeezes her nose in that funny and cute way of her as she smiles. “But it made you laugh. And I’m so proud of it.”
They hit the wall one more time and harder, but this time, the darkness makes a loud sound and throws Dean and Castiel away through the living room before the darkness falls from the ceiling and the walls, turning into goo before disappearing through the floor, only leaving some harmless scraps behind.
“Sleep,” Dean says, because that is what he needs and craves, but he knows it will be difficult for him. He knows that the moment he falls asleep, his dreams will consist on reliving Cas’ death over and over again.
On the other hand, Cas didn’t seem so convinced, but Dean was really excited to go ice skating that Cas finally agreed, even when he wasn’t too sure about it. After all, Cas has never skated in any way, and Dean told him over and over again that it was something very Christmas-y and he should do it.
_____
_____
“Hi, this is
“Nothing,” Dean says casually, smiling softly. “You look beautiful.”
“No, he knew,” Dean replies, pissed. “He knew something was wrong with the kid. He knew it, and he didn't tell us! He didn't even tell us!”
“This is good. Dean, this is good,” Sam says as they leave the abandoned Mexican bar. “The Mark is off your arm. Nothing crazy happened. You get your baby back.”
“I’m not counting cards, Dean,” Castiel says narrowing his eyes. “If I were counting them I wouldn’t have lost once.”
“And now I have a chance to do that, so, yeah, I'm good,” Dean says. “Let's go.”
Before Castiel notices Dean’s longing stare, Dean looks back at the road. That’s where his eyes should be and not in the gorgeous man seating next to him. This is starting to be a crush and Dean doesn’t like it.
“If you start to apologize again, I’m kicking your ass.” He warns with a serious glare. “You were hurt, Dean. You needed my help. You know I would do anything to help you, Dean.”
Dean hums. “Roll on your back.”
Cas throws his boot away, ending next to Dean’s, making a racketing sound. “Did you think you weren’t going to make it?”
“You can go if you want to,” Castiel says as he removes his plaid shirt. “It will be tedious for you to sit here doing nothing.”
“Have you ever eaten and drink in a bathtub?” He grabs the strawberries and follows Dean to the bathroom.
Even though the sky is covered with light gray clouds, some sunbeams leak from them and allow Dean to keep reading one of the many Vonnegut’s books they have in the house. He is sitting on the floor of the balcony. He could be in the porch or in the living room, but he prefers reading on the balcony of their room. He likes the nice views, even if he isn’t paying attention to them, but there’s something about reading his favorite author in that place that has Dean captivated.
Dean shrugged. “I forgot.”
“Dean wants me to tell you about your father’s condition,” Castiel says.
“It’s not troubling me. It’s just—”
Castiel smiles, sweetly and easily. “You do know you aren’t that terrible.”
“I think that’s a great idea, Dean,” Sam admits, really happy and pleased. “I’m surprised, to be honest.”
“You got to kiss me everywhere before,” Dean says as his mouth goes to Castiel’s lobe, catching it in between his lips. “I have an urge to kiss every inch of you.”
“This was—” Dean starts to say panting.
Dean smiles and shakes his head, walking towards the lift. He doesn’t know what Cas’ plan is, but he is really excited about it, so he is going to do what Cas just told him and wait for his call.
The lift stops and its doors open again, revealing the parking. Both of them walk towards the Impala. Dean watches Cas with curious eyes, but he doesn’t say anything, he remains quiet.
Castiel leans onto Dean’s touch. “I could ask you the same thing.” Both of them smile. “I know you can’t also promise me the same thing.”
They kept walking through the woods. It didn’t take too long to hear the sound of water flowing. Castiel gave Dean an intrigued look, but Dean didn’t answer the silent question, he only grinned. The sound of water increased with every step they took, and soon, they found themselves in front of a small river. It was in the middle of the woods and its water was crystal clear; they could see the bottom of the river and see the many colorful rocks and some of the tiny fishes that swam in there.
“It’s that supposed to make me feel better?” Castiel asks bitterly.
“I know, Dean. I know.” He kisses Dean sweetly. Then he turns around so Dean can wash his back.
Then, they run into the woods.
Dean shakes his head.
“You have a beautiful voice, Dean,” Castiel says when Dean has finished singing.
. Usually he doesn’t stay too late on week days, maybe he watches some episode from a TV show, hoping not to stay too late, but Wednesdays are the exception. He needs time to relax after the long day.
“You have grey hair,” Castiel says with a soft smile.
Castiel huffs and slides down slightly, until he is lying on his side. He snuggles against Dean, making sure that there isn’t any space left in between their bodies, and then he throws his arm on Dean’s chest.
“I’m sorry for this,” Castiel begins to say as he pulls his face away from Dean’s neck. He also gives him an apologetic and ashamed look.
“It’s still early. I don’t have to make supper until a couple of hours. I don’t know.” He thinks about somewhere else they can go to in Lebanon. They could drive somewhere else, but that would take them too long, and Dean wants to go back home to make dinner in time.
“I wouldn’t say dick, exactly.” He makes a thoughtful face and Dean looks intrigued at him, admiring the pretty features of his face. “I could use assbutt.”
“And cheesy.” He smiles nervously and kisses Cas, who hums in the kiss.
Sam looks at him, shocked by Dean’s honesty. They haven’t talked too much about Dean’s feelings for Cas, but Dean knows that Sam has always suspected there was something. He has never approached the subject because he knew Dean would shut him up or get mad at him, but Dean knows that Sam has known about Dean’s feelings for Cas for a long time. But just like Dean and Cas, Sam never spoke about it. But just because he didn’t talk about it, doesn’t mean he didn’t know it.
“Yeah, I know, but still you got hurt.”
“I don’t deserve—”
Dean drives to the same spot he always drives to when he wants to see the stars. It is a nice clearing and few cars drive past, making it peacefully quiet.
When Dean finished reading, he realized he was crying. Tears were running down his face, getting colder as they reached his chin. He was also shaking and sobbing. It felt as it reality had punched him in the face, as hard as possible. He knew that he wouldn’t see Cas ever again, but it hurt reading those words from Cas.
“I just need some air,” Castiel says standing up and walking away. He can hear Sam calling his name, but he ignores him. He needs to be out, because he can’t breathe in that bar. His chest feels trapped.
He takes a long shower and he has breakfast, and he takes an aspirin, hoping it will make the headache of the hangover fade away as much as possible. When he is about to close the door, he looks at Dean’s letter, still in the same place. Today isn’t the day he is going to open or shred the letter. And that day might never come.
“What?” Castiel asks.
“Feel anything?” Dean asks.
Dean places his arm around Cas’ shoulders, encouraging him to get closer. Cas rolls until he is lying beside him. His arm rests on Dean’s chest, pulling him closer and holding him tighter. He kisses Dean after they are snuggled together.
“We’re two old saps,” Dean huffs.
Dean feels a few tears falling from his eyes. His eyes feel sore and burning. His tears get colder as they trace down his face. He lets out a sob. He doesn’t want to cry right now. He doesn’t want Cas to hear him cry.
When both nipples are hard, Dean starts to press kisses down Cas’ chest, going to the tummy. Then, he starts to lick the head of Castiel’s hard cock and Castiel looks at him with lust and desire, biting his lower lip, telling Dean with his face to go ahead.
starts to sound and Dean quickly starts drumming the wheel and mouthing the lyrics to the song. It doesn’t take Cas too long to start mouthing the song as well. He even drums his fingers on his leg, following the beat of the song.
“No, wait!” the Empty implores as it foresees what is going to happen.
“Hey, maybe you should um… take some time before you get back to work. Allow yourself to heal,” Cas suggests in a soft voice. “It’s, uh… I don’t know. The timing might be right. Heaven and Hell, they seem reasonably back in order. It’s quiet out there.”
“No. It was the same,” Dean says, really convinced. “Do you know what’s the only thing that I miss about you being an angel? That you could heal with a touch. ‘Cause let’s be real, that saves a lot of time and pain, and it also saves money on bandages and all that. But apart from that, you still are a badass, you can kick ass and you’re really strategic.”
Castiel smiles. “Really good.” Then he kisses him.
“I will make dinner, Dean,” Castiel says, looking at Dean. “You need to rest. I can make some stuffed eggplants. You know I’m not bad at making them.”
Castiel smiles. “I love you too.” He kisses Dean sweetly. He makes a happy sigh when their lips part. His eyes catch Dean’s hand, which is still caressing Castiel’s black feather and he smiles.
“Nah, it’s just experience.” He shrugs, not giving it too much importance. “I started cooking when I was four years old, so I just have decades of experience.”
“Tell me something random, Cas,” Dean prompted. He dragged his bottom onto the grass, getting closer to Cas, not caring about the stains his pants would get. After all, they had stains of oil painting.
Castiel stares at him. “No, I didn’t.”
“I wish it snowed more often,” Castiel said with a happy smile. He closed his eyes, feeling how the snowflakes fell on his face and how they melted on it.
Dean stops packing and sighs, defeated. He looks at Cas, whose face is full of worry. After all the shit they have been through since Cas became human, Cas is still there, wanting to help Dean, showing him that he cares and that he has his support.
“Dean, you have already apologized and I have already forgiven you,” Cas interrupts with a tender smile.
Dean takes silent deep breaths, not daring to hope, but the what ifs are filling his head and his heart, and he just wants to ask, but his words are hoarding in his throat, unable to reach his tongue. Why is it so damn hard to ask the right question in the right moment? Why is it so hard to speak up the words that are locked in his heart?
“Yeah, just let me brush my teeth and grab my leather jacket,” he explains hurriedly. “Sit down on the couch meanwhile,” he adds as he walks towards the bathroom.
“And I didn’t want to feel useless,” Castiel adds as he puts on his t-shirt, hiding his beautiful back with it.
Dean keeps looking at his phone. He wants to call Cas and talk to him about what just happened, but he is mad at him for leaving too. Cas was supposed to stay in the bunker, or at least let Dean accompany him to find Lucifer, but Cas didn’t want to. Cas always leaves, always seems to be willing to get away from Dean as quick as possible.
Sam sighs and looks at Dean, but Dean’s eyes are fixed somewhere in the wall, not looking at anything in special; he is trying to leave his mind blank. “Do you wanna talk about it?”
Dean rubs his face and he looks at himself in the mirror. He needs to calm down. If that meant what Dean thinks and hopes it is, Cas would have tried to start over with their relationship; he wouldn’t have wanted to start this friendship thing. Maybe Cas got that tattoo when he was really hurt. By the way he looked at Dean and how he immediately turned over to hide his tattoo from Dean, Castiel must regret getting inked.
Castiel presses his lips into a thin line, trying to suppress a smile. “I’m really intrigued about your revenge plan.”
“Yes, I do.” His grin turns wider and prettier and Dean has to fight against every fiber of his being to not lean and kiss it. “I would love to celebrate Christmas.”
“Something like I already know what Christmas is, thanks for the explanation,” he mocks trying to pretend Castiel’s voice. Castiel makes an impressive face. That was what he was going to say. “Anyway,” Dean murmurs. “Do you really want to spend Christmas alone?” His question is sad and so are his green eyes.
Sam made an amused chuckle and Castiel and Dean looked at him, frowning. “You guys remind me of Jess and me,” Sam said with a gentle smile. Castiel knew that Jess was Sam’s wife, but he hadn’t had the chance to meet her yet. He looked at Dean, who was blushing and making that shy grimace of his. “Well, I guess it’s my time to part,” Sam said as he stood up. “If Charlie writes with news, come to see me as soon as possible.”
Once the conversation is over, the man says, “Have a nice day, mister Winchester.”
“Or what? Do you think those angel powers of yours are going to work against me?”
Dean wishes he could spend the rest of his life like this, with Cas holding him, without any load on his shoulders, feeling safe and warm. How easy things would be if he could do that.
Castiel grabs his wallet and he walks towards the bathroom. He grabs a towel and soaks it in cold water. When it is completely drenched with cold water, he walks towards the bed and drops it onto Dean’s back, startling Dean at first, but he immediately sighs, relieved.
Castiel rolls his eyes and walks away, trashing the empty bottle of beer. “I needed to work on it,” Castiel explains casually. He opens the tap and washes his hands. “Who were you talking to? Sam?”
“Yeah, you did.” Dean says trying to sound casually. His heart is beating fast. Cas called because he needed to hear his voice.
“But it doesn’t taste as good as your food.”
“Of course that destiny doesn’t exist. But second chances do exist.” He makes a proud smile and Dean rolls his eyes. “You two are the ones who have to figure things out. And you are the ones who have to decide if you want to be friends or go back to where you left.” He makes a comforting smile to his brother. “It isn’t an easy decision, but you have to take it.”
Thank you so much for reading, for the kudos, the bookmarks, the comments and the subscriptions ^^
“Don’t worry,” Dean says with a charming smile.
“I wasn’t doing any better.”
“Worked a few cases there in the past,” she answers casually, but there is a pride and sweet smile drawn on her lips. “I’ll go there tomorrow if you don’t mind. I need to get some sleep first. The drive here was long.”
As always, thank you so much for your wonderful support, your comments, your kudos, your bookmarks and your subscriptions
“I won’t talk about it, I swear,” Balthazar promises with an honest voice. “I don’t want to piss you off and much less this giant.” He points a Gadreel with his index finger. Gadreel is almost as tall as Sam Winchester and he is the tallest professor in university. “C’mon, just some drinks and some food, it’ll be fun.”
Castiel blushes and he kicks Dean’s leg under the table. “Shut up.”
Dean stands up and walks away, not missing the glare Cas throws him.
“It’s late, Dean,” Castiel says lazily. His hand caresses Dean’s forearm. “We have to wake up early tomorrow. We will talk later about it.”
Dean’s shovel makes a sound and the three of them know they have found the coffin. Sam and Dean remove the remaining dirt and open up the coffin, revealing a skeleton.
Thank you so damn much for reading and for every single comment you guys leave me. Also, thanks for the kudos, the bookmarks and the subscriptions :')
Castiel rolls his eyes and smiles. “You are an assbutt.” He grabs the bouquet and he offers the one with roses he bought for Dean, who grabs them immediately.
Castiel laughs and it sounds beautiful. He leans to kiss Dean, who takes off Cas’ boxers and then Cas takes his. The ex-angel moves away, kneeling again on the mattress and he starts to look in the drawer for the lube and a condom. He puts the condom on Dean, who looks at him with an arched brow.
“You should totally hang them here in the bunker,” Charlie says suddenly, startling the three men. Neither of them heard her coming. “Relax, guys!” she says chuckling and moving her hands to tell them to calm down.
“No. It’s about to get dark, so it isn’t going to be too hot.”  He makes sure that the knot of his bathrobe is tight enough and he steals another kiss from Dean. “Notify me when dinner’s ready if I’m not done in the greenhouse.”
“I am well aware of that, Dean,” Castiel says after Dean has stepped onto his foot again.
“Fuck, I’m should’ve asked you before, I’m so sorry I—”
“Well, have fun with your cowboys,” Castiel says as he stands up and grabs his laptop.
“Awesome.” He grins.
When Dean’s laughter has calmed, another question comes to him, but he is really afraid of the answer.
Dean sneaks his hand under Castiel’s body, resting it on the small of his back to lift him a little bit more, giving him enough leverage to slide in and out of Cas with easiness and hitting that sweet spot with every thrust, driving the two of them insane.
Cas nods and looks at him softly. Dean’s heart skips a beat and the Mark throbs in warning.
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas asks. He must notice something on Dean’s face.
It was on sale and it was quite cheap because the house needed to be almost completely reformed. It was a wonder why it hadn’t collapsed yet, something that both Sam and Eileen had said when Dean and Cas showed them the house after they acquired it. But despite all the work the house needed, Dean and Cas immediately fell in love with it, because it was the house they had always dreamt about. They knew they were going to have to work on it for months, but they never cared about that. In fact, they actually loved that they had to work on almost every part of it, because it felt almost like they were building their home from scratch, adapting it to what they both wanted, putting a piece of themselves in every corner of the house.
How isn’t he going to be tense? He has Cas, the freaking ex-angel of the lord who Dean happens to have feelings for him, almost naked, pressed against his body and touching him. How he is supposed to be? All calmed down? He is surprised that he isn’t having a heart attack. He can feel Cas’ crotch pressing his own, for fuck’s sake.
“She is,” Sam says. “She is the Queen of Moondoor.”
“Yes, you did, but you aren’t.” She looks into his eyes, searching for the truth and Dean sighs, uncomfortable, not knowing what to say or where to start.
“Because it was a good place to go to when you were mad at me,” Castiel explains timidly, and Dean looks at him, feeling hurt in his heart. He hates all the times he got mad at Cas during their past. “And I thought that maybe, one day, I could bring you here, when things got better in between us, so you could have this place and enjoy it. This house is surrounded by a forest and it isn’t too far from the sea. I was sure that you were going to like a place like this.”
“Okay, we’ll see
“You are better than you think you are.”
“I will try.”
“So we guess all of them would rather agree on approving these laws than being exposed,” Sam said.
“I meant in the real world.” He says sadly. Dreams are awesome, but he needs to see him in the real world, to take his pain away. To feel Cas in reality, to feel that it isn’t a fucking dream. Dean knows he doesn’t deserve any of this, but he wants to be selfish for the first time in his life.
As the snow keeps falling, Castiel thinks about Dean and wonders if he would like snow. He didn’t ask him if he liked the rain the last time they saw each other. There are still so many things he wants to ask to Dean, so many things he would like to know about him… But they won’t have that chance again. And it’s all his fault; for not being what Dean deserves.
They are so comfortable in their quietness that both of them startle when Dean’s phone rings.
“Not yet,” Dean answers as he lies onto his back. Surprisingly, his wound doesn’t hurt when he leans that part of his head on the pillow.
His voice is so sexy and rough that makes crazy things to Dean. “I’m really close, Cas. I’m— Holy fuck! Fuck— Cas!” Cas keeps clenching around him and it is so maddening that Dean increases his speed.
Dean blushes a little as Sam looks at Bobby surprised. “Yeah.” Dean confesses. He is going to kill his little brother for bringing up the topic. Sam and Charlie know more than they should about Cas, like his name and what he works for. He doesn’t want Bobby to know about him too. They are all going to see that Dean and Cas aren’t a temporary thing, because Dean is going to work for him for as long as Cas wants, and his family is going to be interested on knowing him, and there’s no way he is going to let that happen.
Castiel smiles in a hussy way. “You want to ride me? You want to fuck into my cock?” He asks. And seriously, Dean gets half hard when Cas talks to him with that voice. Castiel presses his body against Dean’s, rubbing their crotches. “Is that what you want, Dean? To ride me until you leave me boneless and breathless?”
“Have you checked the cameras around where the victims were found?” Sam asks.
Dean hummed. “Does Your Highness want to do anything special?”
Dean lets out a pleased moan and gets his hand back to Cas’ spine, without stopping the movement of his other hand on their cocks. “Yeah.”
“See you, Dean,” Castiel said, stealing a brief kiss from Dean’s lips. He walked towards the horse and he started to untie it.
Castiel gives him an incredulous look at smiles. “That sounds gross.”
“You fellas didn't think this out, did you?” Michael asks, cockily. “Even if you could force me out, what do you think I'd leave behind, hmm?” He turns around to look directly at Dean. “You'd be nothing but blood and bone.”
“You shouldn’t have given almost all your blood.”
He hears the rustle of the sheets behind him, and Cas touches the small of his back, startling him. IT’s a soft but a firm touch. “Dean, are you alright?”
“Assbutt.”
Dean smells it. It smells like cherry. “If it isn’t the cherry one, I swear—”
Cas is back and he is staying. Dean couldn’t be happier.
Castiel keeps a straight face, but there is a smile trying to make its way into his lips. “Because I want to do something and I want to surprise you, and for that, I need you to leave the suite and come back when I call you.”
And he means it. He isn’t going to leave Cas. They are going to leave Purgatory together.
Castiel glared him.
The next day, Dean drives Cas to the Gas’n’Sip. None of them say a single word during the drive, probably because they know this is a goodbye and they can’t do anything about it.
Dean parks the car while Cas approaches the driver’s door, waiting for Dean to come out.
“He is nice and he cares a lot about you,” Sam says with a shy smile.
“Good to see you too, Dean,” Sam says when he pulls away, a big smile on his lips.
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel says resting his forehead on Dean’s.
Cas keeps walking at a fast pace, and Dean follows him, wanting to catch him. He doesn’t want to let him go. He doesn’t want to lose him again. Things are messy in between them, but right now, all that Dean cares about is not losing Cas.
Castiel makes a sympathetic and sad face. “No, Dean. You aren’t. You aren’t at all.” His voice comes soft and honest.
Castiel chuckles. “You didn’t expect me to be a neurosurgeon, you didn’t expect me to like Pink Floyd… What did you expect from me, Dean?” There’s a lot of curiosity in his voice and he is making an extremely charming and attractive smile.
Chuck crushes it and the spell is destroyed.
“It does.” He sighs.
Castiel hums in affirmation.
“I hate your stomach.”
Dean stops the car in front of Castiel’s building. “It’s been a nice Saturday, huh?” Dean asks with that soft smile of his.
Cas keeps preparing him, adding more fingers to loosen the tightness. He avoids Dean’s prostate, which has Dean fucking into his fingers to feel it, but Cas pulls them away and smirks at Dean, clearly aware of what he is refusing to give him. Cas is such a teasing bastard and he enjoys it. But when Dean has four fingers working inside him, Cas finally touches that spot and Dean moans and arches his back.
“A few hours ago,” Castiel answers.
For the first time in years, Dean’s bed doesn’t feel cold and lonely. For the first time in years, the empty space in Dean’s bed is finally occupied by the love of his life. And for the first time in years, Dean finally gets to fall asleep in Cas’ arms in
“Never mind,” he says smiling, but Dean knows it is a forced one. He wishes Cas could talk to him, tell him what’s wrong, but Cas is shutting himself off, like Dean always does and he understands him. “Let me help you with this,” he says as he goes towards the sink.
It’s been one year and a half since they got together. Life’s the same. They still hunt whenever there’s a case. Sometimes Charlie joins them in said hunts. But for the rest, life is still quiet. Not as quiet as a normal life, but after living an apocalypse, demons, angels, leviathans and Amara, this life is quiet. They sometimes get hurt in hunts, but nobody has died. But yeah, life is nice and quiet, and the best of all is that he has his brother, his best friend and the love of his life safe and living under the same roof.
But words don’t come out. Dean wants to let them out, but he can’t. His eyes are fullof love. He knows it, but he knows it isn’t enough; he needs to say that he loves Cas, but the words don’t make it out.
A few more strokes and Dean pulls their hands away, making Cas grunt, but Dean shushes him with kisses. The first one goes to his lips, but the following ones go the way up to the skin behind Cas’ ear, and Dean is pleased to find that spot leaves Cas breathless and arching his back.
“Yeah, but I wasn’t asking for
’ before. He sometimes complains about Dean speeding; but not tonight. If John was in the hospital because of an embolism, Dean would have driven as calm as usual, and Sam would have probably stayed at home. But John has had a car accident and Pamela said that his injuries were very serious. The hospital has never seemed so far away.
“Knowing the true meaning of Halloween, you still want to partake in it?”
“Sure,” Dean replies. Castiel hands him a piece of paper and a pen and Dean writes down his phone number. “Here it is.” He hands him the piece of paper and Castiel looks at it.
When they turn around to go to the bathroom, they find Sam, looking at them with an arched brow and that sassy face of his. “Good morning, guys,” Sam says with a wide smirk, clearly delighted to find them together.
“We are going to the hospital after checking if the shield is gone,” Castiel says.
Dean sighs. Once again, he has the feeling that Cas isn’t saying something, but he decides not to press, at least not tonight.
“Let’s split up,” Dean whispers. “This is huge, so it would be better if we separate.”
“You okay?” Dean asked, worried. He brought one of his hands to cup Castiel’s face, his thumb brushing his cheekbone. “You seem nervous.”
“I don’t. But I would understand if you wanted to give up your right of being King.”
“It’s fine,” Castiel answers. “It was a clean cut.”
Dean chuckles. He drinks the last of his hot cocoa and puts the mug aside. “Wanna sleep a little bit more?”
“I will, I promise.”
There’s a moment when there’s a commercial break and Cas starts to get sleepy, and Dean knows that both of them should head to the bed. They both work tomorrow, and Cas has to wake up extremely early, so they better get some rest.
“Holy shit,” Dean says impressed. Castiel makes a confused frown. “That’s a good and important job.”
“Fuck, Cas—” Dean groans delighted, leaning into Cas’ fingers.
Cas’ face blushes slightly and Dean would give anything to kiss him.
Dean turns his face to look at him and grin at him. “Only in some occasions.”
Castiel and the servant reached the door and the main gate opened to let a carriage in that stopped in front of the door. Charlie was the first one to come out of it, followed by a brunette woman that Castiel knew it had to be Dorothy, Charlie’s lover, and an Asian young boy who had to be Kevin Tran. He was glad to finally meet Dorothy and Kevin, but as they approached him, Castiel could see in their faces that something bad had happened.
The moment they turn into a corner, they run into a demon who is taller than Sam and as wide as both Sam and Dean combined.
Dean looks at him as he cuts his hand.
Castiel sighs. “Okay, plan B,” he says with a serious voice and Dean frowns at that. “Take off your clothes,” he says as he starts to take off his trench coat.
“Want one?” Dean asks as he grabs the package of cigarettes.
“Man, do you want me to leave you alone with the sandwich?” Dean teases.
“Yeah, I get that. C’mere.” He pulls him into a tight embrace again and Castiel hugs him back, fisting the back of Dean’s leather jacket. “I’ve got you, Cas.”
“You are gonna make me sleep in your bed with you one way or another, don’t you?” He says in a teasing voice.
Once again, the Empty makes a creepy smile that makes Dean’s stomach turn. He hates seeing how it is twisting Cas’ face like that. He knows the way Cas smiles. He saw it when Cas confessed his love for him. That was Cas’ true smile, not the disfigured smile the Empty is making.
“Dean.”
Thank you so much for reading, for the kudos, the bookmarks, the comments and the subscriptions ^^
“Cas, make sure that Dean labels everything correctly, please,” Sam says.
“Yeah, I know. It’s just that after so many years, it’s hard to break the habit.”
Castiel begins to draw and Dean watches how his hand moves onto the bloc, drawing the garden of their house. He smiles the whole time, loving how Castiel’s hand doesn’t hesitate at once. His stroke is firm and steady. There is a moment when Dean leans his head on Castiel’s left shoulder and Castiel immediately grins. They talk while Castiel draws. Sometimes Dean asks him about the names of some colors or why he draws in some specific pattern and stuff like that.
“Hey, buddy, are you okay?” Dean asks approaching Cas and placing his hand on Cas’ shoulder.
“I was angry.”
“You know,” Castiel begins to say. Dean has already gotten another finger inside him. “I’m starting to suspect that you blew me because you wanted to top.” He turns his face and gives Dean a sassy look.
“Cas,” Dean says, surprised and happily. Like it always happens when he sees Cas, he grins.
“Wait, so you are gonna sleep with Cas every day you come after work?” Sam asks with an incredulous voice. Dean nods and he looks at his little brother. Why is it so hard to believe? “You, Dean Winchester, are going to sleep every single Friday and Saturday night with a guy that it is only a fuck buddy.”
“See?” Dean says looking at Cas. “You didn’t hurt me at all.”
Castiel makes a funny face and smiles. He places his hand on Dean’s face and pulls him away. “You are the worst, Dean Winchester!”
“Did you do it on purpose?” Castiel says glaring Dean, showing him that he got the painted heart.
“We are gonna go to Tommy Mel’s for a milkshake and we are gonna talk about you and Cas,” she says with a happy face, but her eyes are telling Dean not to dare to run away from this.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “My name is Castiel.” He was exhausted of telling her that over and over again. He picked the book again, intending to keep reading. The night was slow, and the doctors were with the King, so both Castiel and Meg were in the living room, waiting for the doctors to finish whatever they were doing to the King.
The moment he is in front of the building where Castiel’s apartment is, Cas comes out of it and walks towards the Impala. He is wearing that nice trench coat and a pretty blue scarf; Dean smiles at that.
“Don't move,” Dean orders as his hand hovers over the bloody sigil.
“Good,” he says with a smile. He tilts his head up a little. Dean told him that his little brother was tall, but damn it, the kid is extremely tall. “How are you and Dean?”
Dean sighs and nuzzles Castiel’s neck, snuggling closer to him.
“Have you found anything about how to contact Rowena?” Castiel asks.
“Not everything.” He laughs. “But I’m quite good with almost everything, or at least that’s what my friends say.” He takes the first bite of his plate and he can tell that he did a good dinner. He feels great when anything cooked by him turns to be delicious.
“For fuck’s sake, Cas,” Dean mutters.
“I think so too, but better be safe than sorry, right? Anyway, I still need to pay the bills, the food, gas for my baby… There are too many expenses and someone has to pay all of that.” He takes a deep breath and he takes a long sip of beer.
“Okay, enough with the sexual innuendo,” Sam says, sounding quite exasperated. “Let’s play another game while Dean cooks, Cas.” Before Sam drags him out of the kitchen, Castiel dedicates Dean a pretty smile that makes the green eyed man grin and shake his head. “You two are unbelievable,” Sam says chuckling as they walk through the hall. “You are perfect for each other.”
“Alright. I’ll try to keep it low.” He kisses Castiel’s head and grabs the guitar, carrying it with him, until he sits on the edge of their bed, looking at Castiel’s back. “Anything you wanna hear me play?”
He starts crying, feeling inconsolable. This is their last time together, if it can be called like that, because Cas is just ashes, but Dean can’t let him go. He just can’t.
Dean chuckles and tilts his head down. Cas knows him so well that he knows when he has to make a joke to ease the tension in Dean. “Well, I don’t know, you’re making a lot of progress lately, so I think you should own it.”
Castiel sighs and grabs the steak and puts it on the pan carefully, sighing relieved. “Okay,” he murmurs.
After cleaning the house, doing homework, having lunch and taking a small nap, Dean is waiting on the couch for Sam, who is making popcorn. They are going to watch
He walks back to his room and takes his trench coat off. He wipes his face and sighs, tired and sad. He is about to get back under the sheets when his phone beeps, indicating that he has a text message.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
“I’m back,” Dean says as he gets into the room, finding Cas sitting around the table and looking at something in the laptop. Dean approaches him and drops the bags with food on the table and sits down beside Cas. “Wi-Fi’s good?”
Dean is about to say something, but Castiel’s stomach grumbles, making Dean laugh. “C’mon, let’s make some breakfast.”
When he seems to be done, he spreads Dean’s legs and he kneels. He looks at Dean’s hole and he circles it with one of his fingers. Dean tries to fuck into it, even if it is not inside him yet, but Cas pulls it away, smirking at Dean when he does that.
The man gets the bill and looks at the photo. “Yeah. He’s in room 13.”
Dean shrugs. “Figure things out, I guess. Y’know I suck at this and I need my time.” He isn’t going to figure things out or anything. He needs to keep working for Cas. He needs the money, and frankly, Cas is the best client Dean has ever had. He doesn’t want to let him go. But he hates knowing that after all, Cas is his client.
“Yes!” he snaps angrily. Dean clenches his jaw and Castiel closes his eyes. He takes a deep breathe. “Just get inside the bar and celebrate the New Year with Sam,” he finally says, this time sounding calmer. When he opens his eyes, he can see that Dean’s eyes are a bit glassy too, and Cas doesn’t understand why. It must be frustration. “I won’t lock the room.”
Each Winchester brother grabs one of Cas’ arms and put them around their shoulders to help him stand up. With slow steps, they manage to walk back to the Impala and get Cas on the backseat.
Dean fishes the Impala’s keys from his pocket and he tosses them to Sam. “Bring something greasy. And beer.”
“As long as you come, I’m happy with any place.”
“Dunno,” Dean mumbles, avoiding Cas’ eyes. “The bunker can get pretty lonely when there’s no one else. I don’t want you to feel lonely or bad while Sammy and I are away.”
“Very.” He knows that Dean is a great cook and he can cook a lot of things, but he wasn’t expecting him to know how to prepare burritos. He looks at the two that are already done, and they look perfect. Then, he looks at the things Dean is putting into the one he is already making. “Wait, aren’t these like the ones they sell at Taco Bell?”
“You are always sassing me, so I don’t know why you are complaining.” He pouts and he pushes Cas closer. Castiel chuckles. “Valentine’s Day is a silly day. What I feel about you isn’t just a thing of a day, Cas. And you know it.” He looks at Castiel’s eyes, fixed on his; he can see the love and adoration the ex-angel has for him.
“It is beautiful,” he said, sighing. “But it doesn’t have the warmth of yours.” He looked at the climbing plant that swirled around the wooden beam and he touched its lilac flowers with his fingers. “Your garden doesn’t have fences. The garden in the palace is just a way to create an illusion of freedom, but I’m still trapped in there.”
“You do know you can sit on the couch, right?” He sasses before drinking. The bastard even smirks.
“Chuck’s gone,” Dean goes on. “We’re working old-fashioned, meat-and-potatoes cases again. Nothing cosmic. Nothing we can’t handle.”
“No, it wouldn’t kill me. I just— You—”
“Screw you, Sammy!” Dean exclaims and he kicks his brother leg under the table, but it only makes Sam’s laughter increase and Castiel starts laughing too. “You had to tell that, huh?”
“Hey, guys!” Eileen says.
Dean smiles softly at him.
As always, Dean falls asleep easily with Cas next to him.
He stays in the car after he has parked it. He feels a black hole in his stomach and it isn’t helping him. He hasn’t been this nervous ever. He truly thinks that this will fix things, but what if it doesn’t? No, he has to stop with the negativity; it will only give him trouble.
Dean chuckled. “You know I’m always honest with you, Cas.” He made a concentrated face as he gave lights to the tree and Castiel watched him with a big smile. Watching Dean paint was always wonderful, even if the night light didn’t allow him to see it perfectly. “Once I finish this tree we can do something else.”
Dean drives for a few minutes, until he reaches their destiny. He parks the Impala in front of an old house that is in the woods, near a lake. He watches Cas’ face briefly, seeing that Cas doesn’t understand what they are doing in front of a house that is hidden in the middle of a forest and which looks slightly abandoned. The former angel turns his face to look at Dean, wanting to be given some sort of explanation, but he doesn’t get any.
Dean misses his friend so much. And they live under the same roof.
“Yes, I’m okay,” Castiel says with an honest smile. But something in his eyes is telling Dean otherwise. He is about to kiss him again, but Dean stops him by putting his index finger on his pretty, pink lips, which makes Castiel frown confused.
“You are an idiot.”
“How can you stand her?” Dean asks, irritated.
Sam gives him his then. He got him more seeds for the greenhouse, a new wallet, because Cas’ is an old one that belonged to Dean when he was twenty something, and a few books of art. Naturally, Cas thanks Sam all those gifts and he smiles at him.
But Castiel doesn’t open his eyes, instead, he presses his eyelids harder, which Dean suspects it must be because he doesn’t want to let out more tears. Dean sighs and squeezes Castiel’s hand, hoping that it will calm him.
Castiel shakes his head. “No. When I can’t sleep I just sit in my room and watch the night through the window. Sometimes I read or I just eat some ice-cream. It depends.” He explains with a soft voice.
What are they doing? Castiel just told him all those things that made Dean to kiss Castiel as if there were no tomorrow. He can’t go there. He can’t. Cas doesn’t deserve him. Cas needs someone who isn’t afraid of being something else, someone who can’t hurt him, someone who isn’t afraid of confessing his feelings, someone he loves. And Dean isn’t any of that.
His mobile phone rings and he looks at the screen. Cas is calling. Dean frowns in confusion. Why is Cas calling on a Tuesday? Maybe something’s wrong. He hopes it isn’t.
“Charlie!” Dean says standing up and going towards the ginger to give her a tight hug, which Charlie gives back, of course, and it is even tighter than Dean’s.
“Dean,” Castiel protests, but Dean starts kissing him sweetly, getting his arms around his neck. Castiel is still grumpy and not willing to wake up yet, but he kisses Dean back sweetly, his lips forming a tiny smile. When Dean pulls their lips away, Castiel holds him tighter and buries his face in Dean’s neck before he can move away. “Don’t.”
Sam rolls his eyes and shakes his head. “Always with the healthiest choice.”
“Even if you two are only screwing, you’ve never lasted that long with anyone, and neither you nor Cas would have stuck together for nothing,” she explains with an obvious face. “It isn’t a relationship in the literal sense of the word, but it is some variation.” She arches her eyebrows and makes a half smile. “Being boyfriends would  only mean to admit that you two have feelings for each other, and although I suspect that you two already do, spend some time together doing something apart from having sex. ”
Something in Cas’ eyes sparkle, but Dean doesn’t know what it is. He wants to think that it is happiness. “Thank you.”
They moan each other’s names, as if that was the only word they know. Dean closes his eyes and moans and groans as loud as he can, grinding into Cas, rocking his hips in a matching rhythm, clenching around him and feeling how Cas removes his emptiness. He kisses Cas every time he can, until a moan makes them pull away. Dean pulls Cas impossibly closer, pressing their foreheads together. And when Cas opens his eyes and their eyes meet, Dean swears his heart explodes.
Castiel laughed as he kept eating cherries, looking at Dean with heart-eyes.
“If you want me to leave the hunt, I will understand,” Castiel says, glancing at Dean.
“You ready?” Dean asks.
But then, when they are this close, when Cas looks at him as if he was trying to see into his soul, to look into his heart, it makes Dean wonder if Cas wants him. They have been through much together and they know almost everything about each other, but there are things in between them that are unspoken, but both of them know that there’s something there that neither of them can put a concrete name.
He looks at Cas, and their eyes met before he throws his head back on the pillow, overwhelmed by the way Dean keeps sinking his mouth down on him. He keeps making all kinds of noises that drive Dean crazy.
“They’re in love like the rest! More in love than the others! Think about how sweet their blood will taste!”
“Jesus Christ, Cas. Did you really feel that?”
_____
“It’s just a cramp, Cas. Not worth wasting your grace.”
Castiel took a deep breath and looked at Dean’s eyes. “No. After we left Esomal, Father made sure to keep an eye on me, so I could barely do anything in secret, so I was forced to quit writing. I was barely alone, so I was unable to write.”
“Hey, you’ve gotta calm down, Dean,” Sam whispers. Dean nods. He knows he has to calm down, that he has to move on, to leave this bed and keep with his life. He has done that over and over again when something fucked him up, but this time, he has lost all his strength and everything hurts too much. He hates being this weak and this pathetic.
Sam chuckled. “You aren’t dumb, Dean. But this is really clever and juicy.”
They are even taking pictures all the time. Charlie is the one who grabs the camera to take photos of whatever moment, and it has turned out that Cas is a really good photograph, and he snaps a couple of pictures, which are really awesome. Sam takes a couple of two, and Dean too, but mostly to mess up with his friends and his brother. But Dean can’t wait until Christmas has passed and they print the photos.
Dean looks at him briefly and then walks towards the angel to fix his tie and button up the top button of his shirt.
“You knew what you were getting into when you married me.” Sam smirks and looks at his brother, who also smirks, Jess, instead, rolls her eyes and chuckles. “So,” Sam begins to say. “How’s been your week?”
” he says with a grumpy voice. “
“I thought I lost you forever, man,” Dean says, burying his face in Cas’ shoulder. He knows he is trembling, but he doesn’t care. Cas is there in his arms, and holding him tightly, avoiding him from falling apart. “I thought I was never gonna see you again.”
“Apart from that one, assbutt,” he says chuckling. He walks towards their closet and he looks into his trench coat for something. When he seems to find it, he walks towards Dean, and he looks really shy and he is even flushed. He takes a deep breath and looks at his hands, which are hiding that gift. “It’s nothing special, but— I want you to have it.” He moves away one of his hands and a black feather tied with a black lace, forming a necklace, is shown. Dean grabs it and he is surprised by the softness of it. It is softer than any other feather, softer than silk, and the touch is really nice and even warm. “It is— Well, it was one of my feathers.”
“It’s amazing, isn’t it?” Dean begins to say. “The faces are fucking accurate and the proportions are perfect. I don’t know how they did it, how they were able to do it with so much perfection, it’s awesome.”
There is another small silence in between them, and Dean pictures Cas, sitting on the hood of his car, letting the sun warm his skin and feeling the wind caressing his face. He must be watching the mountains in the distance and listening to the birds and the sound of the wind among the leaves.
Castiel glares him and Dean chuckles. “You are insufferable, Dean Winchester.”
“Just stay. You’ve done it before.” He tries to make his puppy eyes. He isn’t as good as Sam is, but he knows he can be persuasive.
But the way Dean was last night, the way he looked at him, how he held their hands together, how he kissed him… It felt more like making love than having sex. It was wonderful. It had been years since Castiel bottomed, and he knows that he felt full with Dean, he felt how Dean took away his emptiness and filled every single inch of his body. He had never felt like that before.
“If she needs something from me, she'll tell me. We have an agreement.”
They just stare at each other, not saying the words they want to say.
“You did awesome, Cas,” Dean says, looking at him with a grin. “Not a single hole in the dough. Congratulations.”
Dean laughs. “You should be grateful that I only make you blush and not embarrass you.”
“What are we gonna do now?” Sam asks, once Dean has parked the Impala. Neither of them has left the car yet.
“Don’t worry, I understand,” Castiel says with a soft smile. His brother is always busy, but at least he always tries to make time for him, and Castiel really appreciates it.
“I still have to blow you,” Castiel murmurs.
Dean pulls away and sits on the bed, hiding his face from Castiel’s. He feels that his heart is about to break.
“It’s his fault,” Dean begins to say, pointing at Castiel, who is already serving himself some coffee. “Worst morning person ever.” He looks at Cas, who glares at him as he drinks his coffee. “He is like an octopus.”
“Okay.” He walks towards the bed, getting in it with Cas, who little spoons him, placing his hands on Dean’s tummy and nuzzling his nape. Dean immediately smiles and rests his hands onto the fallen angel’s before he turns off the lights. Sam is already snoring and sleeping. He falls asleep really easily after a successful hunt. “Goodnight, Cas.”
Dean sighs relieved. At least Cas is okay. “Okay, well, what's going on?”
“I can gather all the stuff while you wait in the Impala,” Castiel says, sensing Dean’s fears. “I don’t mind.”
Dean smiles in the hug, and the smile stays as he pulls away and caresses Cas’ face, which feels warm and alive.
“Chocolate, then.”
Suddenly, Dean’s phone rings. He wonders who it might be. The only people alive are the ones currently in the bunker plus Chuck.
But Cas looks at him with so much concern that Dean thinks that he can feel it in his chest. His tanned hands come to cradle Dean’s face, and Dean leans into the gentle touch. How can such a simple touch feel like a benediction?
The song ends. Dean has a few tears on his face. He makes a soft smile. “I mean every single word of the song, Cas,” Dean says. “I’m still loving you. And I will never stop loving you.” And then, the video stops.
Dean kisses Cas’ temple and holds him tighter. Castiel lets out a shaky breath. “Cas, I gotta ask, are we good?”
Billie looks directly at Castiel who frowns. “For starters, I got rid of Castiel’s deal with the Empty.”
Castiel tightened his legs around Dean, not wanting to leave any inch in between their bodies. He moaned against Dean’s neck when he hit that spot, and Dean turned his face so they could kiss, the two of them gripping each other tightly.
Truth be told, Cas has always showed how glad he was every time Dean arrived and his kisses, the first ones mainly, where needy, but that need wasn’t as strong and intense as tonight. Dean wants to ask why, but Cas is so fucking good at distracting him, his mind goes completely blank and his words are lost. Cas starts opening him up, and Dean knows he isn’t going to be able to string a sentence together until both of them have come.
“Isn’t that illegal?”
“Yeah. Good idea.”
Cas grins, beautifully, and Dean’s heart is soon filled with joy.
When Dean sees that familiar face and those beautiful eyes, the world seems to freeze.
Dean smiles and sits in front of his brother.
Sam rolls his eyes. “Do you want us to give you a room to take it?”
Castiel chuckles. “I’m not going to do it.”
“That woman is fucking crazy.”
“You are a fucking teaser.” Dean breathes out and closes his eyes.
“Shut up and come here with me,” Dean protests, grabbing Cas’ wrist and pulling him down onto the bed with him. Castiel chuckles and then he makes an impressed face when he feels how comfortable the mattress is. “Awesome, right?”
“I’m gonna sleep now, and you better be here when I wake up,” Dean says, closing his eyes and crossing his arms.
After that, Castiel grabs the lube and spreads it on his hands. He coats his cock, too, before he starts to finger Dean, opening him up. Dean squirms and lets out loud moans every time Castiel’s fingers touch his prostate. The ex-angel never takes his eyes from him, loving the faces Dean makes.
If Dean prayed to Cas and if it somehow it reached him in Purgatory, it would be painful for Cas. And that would be quite cruel.
Dean nods and he wastes no more time and kisses Castiel, pressing his body against the angel’s. Cas’ lips are soft and warm and they taste like storms and woods and fucking wonderful. They kiss softly, taking their time to taste and feel each other’s lips. It feels better than Dean has ever imagined.
If anybody asked Dean right now, he would say that he is seeing starts behind his eyelids.
“Of course that I’m gonna wear it, Cas. It is awesome.” He puts on the necklace with the feather and he looks at it as he touches it with his fingers. When he looks at Cas, his eyes are a bit glassy, but there’s a pretty, sweet smile drawn on his lips. “Thank you, Cas. It is really awesome.” And he kisses him sweetly.
“Of course not, Dean.”
Dean huffs. “Yeah. Maybe.”
And that’s what Castiel does; he turns off the music, placing the record on its place while Dean gets the tray out of the oven and puts the food on two respective plates. The apartment is soon filled with the wonderful smell of the pasta with tomato sauce and grilled cheese.
“If this is makes you uncomfortable, I can pull away,” Castiel mumbles.
“Yes. I will be right back, Cassie.” He gave his little brother a soft squeeze on his shoulder and left the room.
Dean huffs and rolls his eyes. “Suit yourself.”
“Or don’t?” Lucifer wonders.
Dean hasn’t felt this happy before. And neither has Castiel.
“Yeah,” Charlie and Dean same at the same time.
The ex-angel pulls away a little, but they still hold each other. He leans and kisses Dean, sweetly, but with a hint of desperation that Dean shares. It’s been too long since they last kissed and both are craving to kiss again.
“You are welcome.” He grinned as beautiful as always. “I’m glad that you like it.”
When the movie is finished, Dean stretches and walks towards the DVD player to pick up the movie and save it in its place. He looks at the door that leads to the terrace and he checks out that it is still raining. Castiel approaches him and he looks at the rain with a frown.
“Come on,” Dean says, helping Cas up.
He walks towards the kitchen, going through the long hall. It is strange how this building has become his home so easily, how most of these walls have memories of Castiel. And the most amazing thing about this place is that there are still so many different things to live, so many memories waiting to be built.
Castiel blushes. “You are making me blush.”
Now, Cas is gone and he didn’t get to know that Dean loves him back. He poured all his heart in front of Dean, he gave it to him, without caring that it would cost him his life, and all Dean could do was remain still and quiet, unable to unleash the truth in his heart. Cas deserved to know that his love was reciprocated. But Dean couldn’t even do that.
“Yeah,” Dean admits. “But it is still hard. You ease things, but still…” He takes a deep breath. “I’m not good at words. I was taught to shut up, eat my feelings and my words, turn them into anger and do the stuff I was supposed to do.”
Dean’s eyes keep traveling along the immense collection of books when he finally sees a couple of books by the same author. “Wait, do you like Vonnegut?” He says surprised.
Dean laughs and then he rolls Cas onto his back before lying on top of him. He starts kissing the sharp line of his jaw, and then he moves to his pulse point. Castiel lets out a content sigh and his hand comes to stroke Dean’s hair.
“Is sex everything you think about?” Castiel asked, smirking.
When Castiel pulls away, he combs Dean’s short hair and he looks at Dean’s eyes. “Let’s go to the bedroom.” Castiel says.
“Yeah, well, there’s always a first. But you better treat my baby with care. If there is a single scratch on baby, I’m gonna be fucking pissed.”
“Good then. I’ll order some pizza, if you want to.”
It is true. Dean once mentioned Cas that. He doesn’t remember when exactly, but he did and Cas remembered. Dean makes one of those smiles he only does for Cas and he grabs the mug, the overwhelming smell soon reaches his nose and it smells wonderfully great. “Thanks Cas.”
Dean chuckles. “You are an asshole sometimes, did you know that?” he teases with a beautiful grin that shows his teeth and gums.
“Are you fucking kidding me?!” Dean yelled, and his voice echoed in the kitchen. Castiel didn’t remember seeing Dean as pissed off as he was. “Your fiancée is sleeping with the guy that wants to be the King of Arpret! Don’t you fucking dare to tell me that you don’t know what this means, Cas!”
“Yeah. Surprisingly, I am,” Dean says in a pastry voice.
Dean nods absently, feeling sad about Cas’ departure.
“Be careful.”
So Dean decides to write in his journal, because that seems to be the only good option for him.
“He's buying time so his monsters can get to us and rescue him,” Sam explains.
“Dean,” Castiel says with that sexy, bossy voice, almost warning him.
“You seem nervous. Is there something troubling you?”
“You should take a rest.”
He knelt on the bed and watched how Dean stood up. “And you are an assbutt for teasing me and laughing after I made you fall.”
“Wanna know something I haven’t told you?” Dean asks as they walk together, looking for the stalls they know for coming way too often.
“You know what?”
“You’re the fucking worst sometimes.”
“Yeah.”
Their restless hands start to take off each other clothes, caressing the warm skin that gets free after it. Their kisses grow hotter and needier, as if they spent years without kissing and touching. When they are completely naked, Castiel cups Dean’s face while they kiss and pulls the two of them towards the bed, falling onto it, a bit harder than both wanted, but it makes them chuckle before they go back to kissing.
Castiel rolls his eyes and he grabs a red apple as dessert. Dean looks at him with an arched brow. “Since I tasted your pies, I can’t eat any other. They aren’t as delicious as yours.”
He turns his face and gives Cas a bitch face. “Do you even have to ask that?”
“Then what?!”
They pay and they leave the dinner, going back to the Impala to drive the remaining distance left to get to Mount Rushmore.
“Do you know where your hammer is?” Castiel asks.
He spots Cas in front of the Impala, sitting under a tree, his back resting against its trunk, reading one of the books they bought on their first day in New York. Dean smiles and grabs his phone to take a photo of his lover before stepping out of the car and walking towards Cas, who turns his face from the book to look at Dean when he hears the sound of the Impala’s front door closing.
“I see,” Dean says looking at Castiel, trying to read his face.
“Ah, who needs you?” Lucifer muses with a twisted smile.
Dean’s eyes look for a brief moment Castiel’s hand as they walk out of the Roadhouse. His hand itches to just feel again how their hands felt like when they were tangled together. But he can’t do that. So he just places his hands inside the pockets of his leather jacket, fisting them.
Castiel huffs and keeps eating the chocolate bar.
“That was awesome,” Dean murmurs, looking at Castiel’s beautiful blue eyes.
“No. But if you want to, go ahead.” Dean says. He really doesn’t want to know about his father right now.
“Good morning, Dean,” Castiel says, sounding more awake than usual. “Did you sleep well?”
“What if I don’t?”
“Cas— Fuck—”
If they get Cas back, Dean will make sure to let Cas know how he feels.
“Sorry, but that voice doesn’t suit you!” Dean laughs out. When his laughter is fading away, he talks again. “I hope I’ll be good enough.”
“Fuck,” Dean groans as he rests his body on their bed in the bunker. “It feels too good to lie down.”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Dean says picking with the tips of his fingers the t-shirt he is wearing. It is his Black Sabbath t-shirt. Then, he takes off his jacket.
“I prayed to Chuck to bring you back, but he ignored me. I wanted you to come back, but you were dead, and I couldn’t do anything and I— Fuck.”
“Cas, this is your home too,” Dean blurts out. “Of course that it’s alright for you to stay.”
Hearing Cas saying that word makes Dean smile widely and feel a heartwarming sensation spreading through his chest. He kisses Castiel as passionately as he can, feeling Castiel’s surprised smile on his lips and how Castiel holds Dean, pressing their bodies together. “But I’m your assbutt.”
Cas cups Dean’s face and kisses him passionately and lovingly. Dean kisses him back in the same way as his hands come to rest on Cas’ waits, pulling him closer.
There are four trailers and Dean looks at the back of them to see the number. He finds the one where Cas is easily. He feels weird being in a set, but he feels even more nervous about seeing Cas. He takes another deep breath and knocks on the door. He hears some ruffling inside and Cas opens the door.
“I always come back, Dean.”
Dean is tired. So fucking tired.
“I think I’m starting to have real strong feelings for Cas,” he confesses. He takes a deep breath and looks down at his brownie, avoiding Charlie’s pretty eyes. “And I don’t know what to do to get over them.”
Castiel takes a deep breath. “I don’t know. I guess that I wanted a reminder of the pain that I felt when you left. I didn’t want to forget how painful love could be. I wanted something that avoided me to commit the same mistake again.”
“I will make dinner tonight,” Castiel says as he walks towards the bathroom to wash his hands. “I can make some omelets,” he adds. Dean has taught him a couple of things to improve his cooking, but Castiel still has a lot to learn, but he knows how to cook a few things.
“Alright. I’ll let you know about the spell when I find it.”
“'Cause if you do, the angels will kill you.”
Lately, acting has been too overwhelming for him. It’s the same old thing he’s been doing for years, but right now it’s too much for him. He isn’t sure if he likes it anymore; he isn’t sure if he ever liked it. But what else can he do? He is good at acting, he knows that, and it is a job that makes him have a really good life. He knows what it is like to have no home and no money, and he doesn’t want to go through that again. Acting is all that he has. And if he loses it, he is nobody.
“Castiel?” Dean makes a confused face. It is a really weird name. He hasn’t heard it before.
It works partly.
Castiel chuckled. “A bit.” They looked at each other, not letting their grip on each other go. Dean looked so beautiful. With every year that passed, he was getting more and more beautiful, and it made Castiel’s heart do wild things. “I’m so happy to be back,” Castiel said hugging Dean again.
“Shut up.”
Dean lets out a sigh.
Dean can’t help making a soft smile. Cas has been human for more than two years and he has been in the human world for over a decade, but he still doesn’t understand a couple of things. “Because we’re staying in the honeymoon suite,” Dean begins to explain. The doors of the lift open and they get in it and Dean presses the button of the last floor. “When people get married, they go to the honeymoon suite. Some of them go there right after the wedding and some go there the day after the wedding to start their honeymoon. Usually they go to another country and they stay in a hotel with a suite like that. A honeymoon is a trip a married couple makes to celebrate they just got married, and that’s why the suite is called like that. It’s specifically for couples who want to have intimacy because they are going to spend almost their whole stay having sex.”
“Of course,” Cas answers. “Smoking always leaves a strong smell on the smoker and his clothes. I have known you smoked almost since we met. You don’t do it often, but you do once every several months.”
“Well, I should go with you,” Cas insists and he, Dean and Sam walk through the hall of the bunker.
“Stop praising me, Cas,” Dean murmurs uncomfortable as he serves Cas, who looks at him with a confused frown. “You’re overrating me. I don’t—” Dean takes a deep breath. Cas is overrating him. Dean knows he is good at cooking, but he isn’t as good as Cas thinks he is. Cas tends to see Dean way better than he is, and Dean doesn’t like that. “I’m just a regular guy who cooks a little better than some people, but that’s all. There’s nothing extraordinary on that.”
The hunter rolls his eyes and lets out an acid laugh. “You’re a douchebag.” He looks at Cas, dedicating him a playful glare.
_____
Dean grins. “Thank you, for everything.”
They make it to Castiel’s bedroom and Dean closes the door behind him. Castiel grabs the cream, still packed in a box and Dean reads the instructions.
But Dean can see through his lies. “Cas,” he simply says. It is only his name, but Castiel knows that word carries more than his name.
He sits across from Dean, who slides the bottle of whiskey to Sam. He catches it and pours himself a drink.
As they wait, Dean manages to take a quick look at the food, which looks really tasty. He hasn’t tasted anything yet, but he is one hundred percent sure that everything is going to be tasty and delicious and he is going to be very pleased. He should have come to this place before.
“Not so fast!” Dean exclaims as he stands up. “Bring your presents and I will let you open yours.”
Carefully and gently, Dean grabs the green jacket with Cas’ bloody handprint. He can’t help letting out a shaky sound as memories of that awful night come rushing through his mind.
“Of course you do,” he says, chuckling. He moves his face and presses his lips with Castiel’s. “But you know I’m not used to being praised,” he whispers, caressing Cas’ shoulders.
“Yes,” Castiel answers, and then he turns his face. “Look at the tattoo he has on his forearm.”
“Found anything?” Dean asks as he closes behind him the motel room. He carries a plastic bag with Chinese food for their supper and he leaves it on the table, where Sam is sitting and looking in his laptop for any other unusual death.
But what if he doesn’t? Dean closes his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose. This isn’t normal. People don’t feel things like this about someone they have known for a couple of days. He blames those eyes, those stunning, beautiful, blue eyes. He let himself get caught in them and now he is drowning.
Dean jabs the end of the scythe in the wound of Billie’s shoulder, making her drop Cas as she yells in pain. Then, Dean tries to aim for her neck, but Billie manages to stop the scythe with her hand, keeping it from reaching her neck. Nevertheless, she is pressed against the wall, and Dean knows he has the leverage, because Billie has no place to run and Dean knows all he has to do is press the scythe a little bit more.
“Please, don’t tell them, Charlie,” Dean says, almost begging. His heart is hammering against his chest again, and he feels how his palms are getting sweaty. He is such a mess. “I need to sort things out, because right now I have like a fucking storm of feelings inside me and I— Fuck, I know you guys care about me, and that you want what’s best for me, but it’s easier to say things than doing them, y’know?” He takes a deep breath and looks at his old boots, focusing his sight on a small and old scratch. “I just gotta know what to do, and I’ve gotta be the one who figures things out ‘cause—”
_____
“I love this song!” Castiel yells happily.
Amanda (
“It’s not.”
They keep laughing for a while, until their stomachs hurt and they need to take a breath. Dean chuckles and shakes his head before he looks at Cas and gives him a smile that he has been using only for the blue eyed man.
Thank you for reading, for the comments, the kudos, the bookmarks and the subscriptions :)
Dean tries to flirt with the waitress, because he doesn’t know this hunter and he has to put up the extreme masculine act. He hates doing this, but it is something he does unconsciously, because he needs to protect himself. He knows the hunting community is not the most welcoming one. Yes, there are exceptions, but Dean still needs to be cautious around strangers. He doesn’t want them to see the real Dean Winchester. Hiding who he really is has always been easier and safer.
“We will start slow,” future Cas continues. “We don’t want you to feel any uncomfortableness or pain.”
Rowena is unable to heal Jack, and he dies a few days later. Dean can’t watch him die, so he leaves the room. Cas comes for him.
“Hey, I’m not the one who moaned.”
“What?” Dean asks irritated and bewildered.
“But sometimes ignorance isn’t the only enemy, Cas,” Dean said, never stopping the slow dancing. It felt good and intimate and Castiel loved it. For the first time, he was enjoying dancing. “Indifference is also dangerous.”
The door rings when Dean has just finished washing the dishes. He walks towards the door and opens it, letting Castiel to come inside, feeling really happy and relieved because Cas finally came and they are going to spend Christmas eve together. Dean is so happy about it, and he feels a bit nervous about it. He is so enthusiastic about it; he shouldn’t, but he is.
“Because of the deal Castiel made with the cosmic entity of the Empty,” Jack explains, calmly but sorrowfully. “Castiel is bound to the Empty.”
“Of course,” Castiel answers as he presses his chest against Dean’s back. He gets his arms around Dean, resting his hand on Dean’s stomach. Dean’s hands quickly come to rest on top of Cas’. “You didn’t need to ask for this, I was going to do it anyway,” Castiel confesses before pressing a kiss on Dean’s nape.
“Yeah,” he says with a smile. “My kids must be willing to see me because it will mean it is time to have dinner.” He chuckles with that and Castiel does so; he kind of envies Balthazar’s life. “You should get a life Cassie,” he murmurs with a charming but a bit upsetting smile.
“Fuck, I love you so much, Cas,” Dean says.
” He says.
“Yeah,” he says with an agreement face. He runs one hand through his hair, messing it. “You do know that I left him because I didn’t want dad to hurt him, right?”
Dean smirks. “Yeah. But deep down, you do know that I love you. I might not know it, I might not recognize it, but you do know well that I love you.”
Cas grabs a condom and the lube, pulling away from Dean’s lips. The hunter watches how his boyfriend puts on the condom and how he spreads the lube on his cock and then on his fingers. His gaze makes Castiel blush and smile timidly.
His morning day in the bookstore has kept his mind busy, thankfully, and he hasn’t thought about Cas. He should, given that Cas is leaving in a couple of days, but Dean is going to leave everything for the last minute. It is a bad idea, but that’s the story of his life.
“Shut the fuck up,” Dean grunts. “Stop this or I swear that I’ll—”
Dean doesn’t compliment clients, but Cas is too hot like that. Dean thinks it was a bit out of place, but Cas didn’t seem to mind. Anyway, Dean should think before he talks.
How can just a piece of paper hold that amount of feelings and fears? Part of Castiel wants to open it and find out what it hides. Another part of his being wants to shred into pieces the stupid letter. And the other part of Castiel wants to leave the letter unopened. It’s been eight days since Castiel got that letter in his mailbox and he hasn’t done anything with it.
Castiel sighed happily and held Dean tighter.
” His voice sounds warm and sweet.
“You are never going to forget those burnt pancakes, are you?”
“Then, you better bring me three cups of coffee to bed.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, I am a dick.”
“Dean, they are all aware about the happenings of sexual intercourse after weddings.”
Dean grabs his phone and uses the front camera to see if Ion is following them. “Fuck, he is following us.” He puts back the phone in his jeans. “I’m supposing that you don’t want to get back to the hotel yet.”
From all the things she could have said, that wasn’t the one Dean was expecting. “Yeah, why do you ask?”
"Of course, Dean"
“Maybe, but not at the cost of your life.”
“Here, let me.” Castiel grabs a cloth and he wipes Dean’s cheek clean.
Sometimes Dean thinks about praying to him, but the mere thought of opening his heart in that way to only get rejected, fills him with dread. So he puts a bottle against his lips, hushing his words.
“Yeah,” Cas says. “It feels good to have my grace back. I no longer have to take grace from another angel, nor worry about having a failing grace. It is quite relieving.”
She nods. “Do you love your husband?”
“I love it,” Dean says speechless. “It’s so fucking beautiful, Cas.” He stands up and Castiel looks at him confused. “I’m gonna look at it in your bathroom’s mirror.” He saves the phone and he runs towards the bathroom. When he switches the lights on and he turns over to show his back to the mirror, he can appreciate the painting better. It is the most beautiful painting he has ever seen.
Dean didn’t want to go to the palace and have dinner. Getting to see Cas with Meg was something he really didn’t want to see; he couldn’t stand it. If it was already hard to know that Cas was someone else’s, seeing it would hurt even more. “Thanks, Cas, but I don’t think it would be a good idea.”
Dean squints his eyes and then he sees the smirk Cas is making, which makes Dean chuckle. “You’re teasing me,” Dean says laughing. He walks the distance that separates him from Cas and he rests his hands on his hips. “Sometimes you take everything too literal that I don’t even longer know when you’re teasing me or just being Cas.”
Castiel chuckled. “I don’t know. We don’t talk about water when I’m here.”
Castiel has tried to destroy this photo countless times, he has cried in front of that photo until he didn’t have more tears left, but it is the last remaining of a wonderful and happy past. It is true that Dean caused him an infinity pain, but before that, Dean made him feel happier than ever. Maybe one day he will be able to look at that photo and don’t miss any part of it. He has never achieved that yet. He has tried, but he wasn’t able to do such thing. At least now he doesn’t cry in front of that photo.
Eventually, slumber finds him, but he only manages to sleep for four hours. It is still enough. He doesn’t feel exactly rested when he wakes up, but he has felt way worse in the past.
Thankfully, Cas understands what he means. “I think I fell in love with you since the first time I saw your soul, back in hell.”
“She still doesn’t like that you’re here with me?”
After driving for fourteen hours, they finally make a stop in Evanston, Wyoming, to get some needed rest. Dean used to drive for longer hours, but he is no longer in his twenties and thirties anymore, and his body is not what it used to be. They could have stopped at Salt Lake City, but Dean wants to be back home as soon as he can.
“Me too,” Castiel said, happily. “But I can’t.”
Cas nods and then he turns around, going for the stairs.
Amanda (
The sound of Dean playing his guitar fills the greenhouse. Dean has been practicing for a while and he is getting better at it. Cas likes to hear him whenever he can, that’s why Dean decided to go to the greenhouse and be with his boyfriend while he plays the guitar. Every time he takes a look at Cas, he is smiling widely.
The lamp paints Dean’s body in a beautiful way, adding warm colors to his freckled skin. Castiel can’t help smiling at the gorgeous picture of his boyfriend.
Dean tells Sam that he is going to work and that he is going to see Cas to talk about things after it. Sam grins happily and wishes him good luck. The truth is that Dean is directly going to Cas’ apartment, he hasn’t found any new job yet, but he still has to pretend that he has one.
Dean smiles and he rolls to the empty side of the bed, lying aside. “Thank you for this awesome birthday,” Dean says looking at Cas’ eyes.
Dean pulls his hand away from Cas’ face and Cas lets out a shaky sigh. Carefully, Dean examines Cas’ wrist. A couple bones are broken, but not the most important ones. It can be fixed with a splint. However, the cut he has on his palm needs to be disinfected and bandaged.
“No problem, compadre.” He yawned again. “But next time you ask me a favor like this, notify me before so I can get some sleep.”
“No,” Dean interrupts. “No, not possible.”
Dean lets out a shaky breath. “I’m so fucking sorry, Cas.”
He has been filming for six hours straight and he is exhausted. He needs to let the warm water of the shower wash away all his tiredness. He starts the shower and doesn’t get in the tub until he can see steam coming out of it.
When someone knocks on the door he knows it’s Sam, it can’t be anyone else, they’re the only ones in the house. What the hell does Sam want now? He loves his brother, but right now, Dean doesn’t need any more talking.
“Did you check his messages?”
Castiel frowned. “I’m not a ghost.”
set?” Dean asks, chuckling, but giving him a sassy look.
“Yes,” Cas says before Dean can finish the question.
“You know you can tell me, right?” Dean insists with a sweet voice and caressing with his thumbs the soft tan skin of Cas’ cheeks.
“The Empty said that it would only come after Cas when he experienced a moment of true happiness,” Dean answers, almost mumbling. “When that happened, the Empty would be summoned and it would take Cas forever.” At the last word, Dean’s voice breaks. His tears fall down, but he manages to suppress a sob. “That’s how Cas summoned the Empty.”
He looks through the window, contemplating the city of Vancouver, appreciating the pretty color of the sky. He spends a lot of time looking at the city, drowning in his thoughts, in the melancholy of his heart, all caused by Castiel. The worst of all is that Dean is the one to be blamed for letting himself have feelings for Cas. He knew that he couldn’t involve feelings in this thing they had, but Dean was weak and stupid.
“Dean! Dean! Damn it! Wake up!” It is a familiar male voice, but Dean can’t put it a name to it yet or a face. He is still really drunk for that.
“Right,” Dean said.
Dean gets out of Cas and he rolls to the free spot of his bed, lying next to Cas. He takes off the condom and he throws it to the bin. They should clean the mess of Cas’ come on their bellies, but it means getting up from bed and looking for something, and Dean knows that no one of them is going to do that. They haven’t even recovered their breaths yet.
When Castiel turns his face to look at him, there’s softness and appreciation in his eyes, but there’s still sadness. “It’s just that I’m tired of this film. As soon as we finish filming, I’ll be okay, don’t worry.”
“And?”
“Yes, Uncle,” Castiel answered. He could see Dean’s confused eyes, but he tried to be as distant as he could; he couldn’t risk showing any emotion towards Dean in front of the King. “Mister Winchester has been kind enough to let me enjoy his company and watch him paint. He has also given me some painting advices, but I’m afraid I will never achieve his level.”
Dean kicks his shin. “Stop it, Mister Sassy.”
“I wanted to see if you were resting, and if you weren’t, I wanted to know how you were doing.” He gives Dean a concerned look. “How are you, Dean?”
Today it’s Saturday and Dean hasn’t got a lot of to do in the morning. Sam is sleeping soundly; he tries to sleep as much as he can on Saturdays. He tries to get up at the same time as Dean, because he loves Dean’s breakfast, but that only happens once in a while, only when the smell of pancakes and bacon are too intense. Anyway, Sam is still sleeping and he won’t be awake until midday, so Dean decides to go and visit Bobby to see how the old man is doing.
