Steve chuckled again and turned on his side to look at him. “Thank you,” he murmured softly.
“Maybe stay a while after, I do love Coney at night.”
“In the mad world of Tony Stark’s Irrational Delusions, I’m sure you do.” He placed the plates on the counter and flashed Tony a challenging glance. “
“I’m sure you realize how much time passed.”
Steve snorted, and adjusted his grip on him. He’d lost his pants at some point, and kneeled down behind Tony.
Bucky frowned. "What?"
“It’s… beautiful,” he said truthfully.
Steve jerked awake, limbs twitching and spasming from the effects of his vision. When he came back to himself, he was sitting on the floor of the Quinjet, and he felt a jolt go through him when he saw Tony’s warm, human brown eyes fixated on him intently. The faceplate of Iron Man’s helmet was up, and Tony’s stare was as piercing as it was worried.
And suddenly, the idea of going back and facing him, talking to him and lay his heart open, seemed like the most impossible thing.
He also knew that Obi wasn’t exactly known for his smooth talking and empathy, and while he’d give him a hard time for that pedophile comment, he’d eventually have to work with him again. An intolerant asshole he might be, but he’d also taken over after his parent’s death, that had to be worth something.
That was a dirty trick, Steve thought, but it seemed to work when Tony’s gaze became even more troubled. “No, of course not…” he said, then sighed in defeat. “Fine, let’s go.”
He couldn’t fathom why, but each day, he was getting a bit more anxious as to what would await him in Stark Mansion.
It was hard to tell. He’d never said the words and perhaps it was foolish to believe that Steve could ever replace the woman who had owned Tony’s heart.
A bizarre mixture of exhilaration and shock raced through Steve’s veins. “It’s not real,” he whispered to himself, his voice trembling. He lifted his palm to Tony’s cheek, his insides heating when Tony reluctantly raised his head to meet his eyes. And what he saw there—the anger conflicted with specks of awe and wonder—was enough to make him weak in the knees. “I’m dreaming.”
“Then you retire.”
DUM-E wheeled over to Steve, only stopping when he'd bumped into him, making him chuckle and sit down again. He watched as DUM-E came closer and lifted his arm, revealing a plain white envelope pasted to the main strut.
Natasha pursed her lips, then said, “He’s referring to Operation Paperclip. After World War II, SHIELD recruited German scientists with strategic values.”
“Second that,” Tony and Barnes intoned simultaneously, giving each other a long leer.
A sigh. “I can’t tell you, you know that.”
“You want me, Captain?” Tony asked. He bit at Steve’s lips again. “You wanna fuck me? Or do you like it the other way around, hm? Like to go on your knees and—”
He stepped closer and couldn’t help reaching out to ghost a finger across Steve’s shoulder.
. The drawers were the same: All of their clothes, all cozily together.
“Did you do this?” Steve asked.
There was a pregnant pause. “I meant what I wrote, you know,” Steve added, his voice suddenly very quiet. “I’m sorry for not telling you. I didn’t think it would’ve changed anything. Only would’ve hurt you.”
The ring barely peaked out beneath Steve’s gloves, but there was something about it. Something that constantly caught Tony’s eye, but he just couldn’t put his finger on it. Which only sparked his curiosity even more.
“I think I’m about as far from alright as anyone could be right now. The way he looked at me when I said his name…
Rain, and thunder, and the chill—that was certainly worse in this dimension and Steve was infinitely glad that Tony seemed to recover well. He certainly
“It is. The Eye will lead Tony to his desired destination.”
“I don’t need
“Well, you don’t know better. I’m tired. We wasted three hours and gas getting here. Can we please just go?”
“Worked with him,” Steve echoed, ignoring Clint and taking a step in Natasha’s direction instead. “I don’t understand how this is relevant.”
At the end of the day, this wasn’t his choice to make.
, yes, darling.”
“Sure,” he said anyway.
“Vanaheim,” Strange answered. “One of the Nine Realms.”
Tony stood in front of his car, staring down at the handle of the driver’s door. He
TS 2:24 P.M.>You’re telling me all that while talking business with Fury?? You’re my favorite person right now. Just say the word, and I’ll take the suit and snatch you right out of that carrier
“No!” Tony yelled, unsure what was even happening, but the beam already hit Steve. Just a second before Strange could wrangle its powers again, Steve fell to the ground, staring at the thundering sky, unmoving.
Tony raced into the elevator and pushed the button for the penthouse. Rubbing a hand across his face, he leaned back against the wall and was only mildly surprised when he looked at his reflection in the mirror across from him and had five oil streaks all across his face. There were also dark circles around his eyes, his hair was unkempt, and his skin had an unhealthy, sick-looking color. And all of that for nothing, goddammit. Tomorrow, Thor would take Loki’s scepter back to Asgard, and with that, he’d take away Tony’s only chance at stopping what he knew was going to happen.
With a casual pass of her hand, Nebula turned the energy blasts in the sky into soft raindrops.
“No,” Tony agreed with a pleased hum, feeling Steve’s words settling inside him like a warm sip of coffee. No regrets, then. He could live with that.
A demon. He’d let a
Tony smiled softly, caressing his face with his free hand as his other persistently tugged at his boxers. “We don’t have to go all the way, Steve,” he said, a charming blush tinting his cheeks. “I just… I wanna do something… you—Can I do this? Please.”
“Sleep,” Tony murmured and his hands continued to stroke leisurely down to Steve’s and back up to his neck in an endless, soothing loop.
Tony cast him a small smile and even moved a little to give Steve space. “I’m fine,” he said, as Steve settled in. “Sorry for being weird. Just… there’s a lot on my mind.”
checking me out.”
“Dummy,” Tony called, rolling his eyes. “Remind me, why did I ever think you were a good idea?”
“What are you d-doing?”
The world’s leading scientists would be wetting themselves by now, Tony thought on an amused snort, but sure, ‘impressive’ worked, too.
This was… amazing. He took a few steps closer to the mess that was Tony's working area to get a better look at the machine.
Steve moaned lowly, like the sight alone was enough to bring him close to the edge. He pressed lingering kisses against Tony’s lips. “Did I even thank you yet?”
Some muffled complaint emerged from Steve, but he moved, getting slowly to his feet. “I’m tired.”
Steve released a deep breath. Time to get up.
Steve remained silent. He knew better than to ask any questions at this point. This was… already more than he ever,
. But apart from that, and despite everything that had happened, he wanted… he wanted for them to be able to look into each other’s eyes again without flinching.
“Go!” Steve said, and leaped to his feet.
“You’re serious,” Tony said, feeling the resolution he’d tried to hold on to, namely to not let Steve get to him again, disappear completely. He turned his hand in Steve’s grasp, moving it until he could gently stroke Steve’s knuckles.
“Right,” Rhodey said, smiling, then stepping back. “Tell my past self to punch Wilson in the face.”
“I know,” Steve said. “That’s why we need Fury to bypass the DNA scans and access the Helicarriers directly.” He looked at Tony from the front passenger seat. “Run it by me again?” he asked.
He grabbed for the suit’s helmet, pulling it off and letting it drop to the floor. It was his tech, it could take it. He moved around in Steve’s arms, staring up at him intently. “Long story short: We won’t suffocate. That enough?”
There was a moment of silence, as the doors closed.
Aside for that morning incident, Steve’s day passed in relative ease. Steve took a shower and then taught a class in the morning, followed by his usual workshop slot. After that, he had a few counseling meetings with arts students who were struggling with some of the material. All in all, it was early afternoon when he was done for the day and headed home.
Tony stood still as he pointedly stared at the floor. Then he looked at Steve,
It didn't take long for the two of them to be scrubbed clean from hair to toes. It was a little ridiculous, but Steve was enjoying himself, and judging by the grin on Tony's face, Steve assumed he was having a blast too. There was no denying the erotic effect of washing one another this way.
He cleaned himself up as best as he could, pleased that he had somehow managed to not leave any telltale stains on his pants. In the end, he still looked like a guy who’d gotten laid real good, but at least he didn’t seem in need of lifesaving measures anymore.
“Experiment gone wrong?” Steve asked as they approached. He had his shield raised up high, but there was no one to be seen, no movement whatsoever.
“Yes, I was… busy for a couple of months,” Sharon answered, and Steve accepted the half-answer for what it was.
Steve nodded. “Exactly.” He let one finger trace one laughter line next to Tony’s mouth and leaned in to kiss it. He hadn’t laughed nearly enough in the last couple of weeks.
Steve closed his eyes, reminding his body very sternly that he wasn’t going to throw everything away for quick sex that would be sloppy rather than memorable. He refused for this to be it.
More blinking. Did he really just apologize for… for doing this to Steve?
“I can stay a little longer,” she said, and gently grasped his metal hand in her own, and pulled it across her body. “But I won’t stay down here forever. And neither should you.”
* * *
Clint grimaced. “Well, there’s something about Laura I’ve been meaning to tell you for a while now…”
, Steve gathered from the pensive expression on Natasha’s face. There was something in her expression, like she wanted to decrypt an enigma and only one puzzle piece was missing.
Only then, Steve realized that Tony was wearing a traditional funeral suit, with a solid black tie, and a white shirt beneath. It could be a coincidence, of course, but something in Tony’s stature told Steve it wasn’t.
“Tony, I… Look. I know that we’ve planned this for-fucking-ever. And I know how important it is to you, because it’s exactly that important to me, all right? But… bringing a few more people along won’t make it any less significant. In fact, I’m sure it’ll just make this an all-round more fun experience, with more minds to bear witness of the wonder that is the solar eclipse.”
Rolling his eyes, Steve leaned into the kiss. Obviously Tony'd joke about it, and Steve couldn't bring himself to really mind at the moment. He had Tony's entire naked body splayed under him, hot skin against hot skin. All he wanted was to move things forward.
you wouldn’t have found him, no matter how hard you tried, because we’ve
“Stay,” Steve said simply and pushed his pants down, pulling them off with his boots. When he looked up, Tony was just turning on the shower faucet. Steve stared at the water that streamed down for a moment, mesmerized by the cloud of steam.
Steve shrugged, unable to stop grinning. “And that’s nothing compared to the size of his—”
Because their love was worth it—always had been.
Steve was instantly drunk on sensation, the taste of Tony, the feel of him, the long slides of that sinful, experienced tongue against his own.
Though it had happened several times in those past few weeks, Tony found himself overwhelmed with a powerful wave of emotions that astoundingly didn’t knock him to the ground. Every time he looked at Steve and saw him looking back with open affection, he was sufficiently stunned.
Tony glanced into the air briefly. There was a flickering in the sky, an almost invisible outline of a plane.
taken his time, after all—and instead of clenching up again, a throaty groan left Steve’s mouth.
We’re leaving, and that’s all you need to know.”
“Very much.”
Tony tried suppressing a smile. “It sure smells good.”
“I… yeah. Just a bad dream,” Tony murmured, rubbing a hand over his face.
Steve sighed. So they
"Fire? Really, Brucie? Elemental weakness?" Tony chimed in as he lasered off one of the creature's vines, leaving it wiggling on the ground. This thing really was all over the place, with its weird vine-tentacle-arms. Tony chuckled. “There you have it. Maybe it’s a Bellsprout.”
A white, sourceless light phasing into black. Tony was caught there, trapped between here and… somewhere else, between the green pulses pouring out of the Eye and the raging black nothingness around him, the two conflicting energies crackling through him like an unending lightning blast.
Until then, they had all the truth they needed in each other. Even with miles to go before they could see each other again.
Steve hesitated. He did because he knew a panic attack when he saw one. He'd had quite a few before the serum, and he'd been lucky because Bucky had usually been there to help him through it, but for the life of him Steve couldn't remember
“Things change. People do, too.”
He inspected the envelope from all directions. It was flat and thin, clearly only containing a few slips of paper which Steve removed and turned to read.
Lying half on top of Tony a few minutes later, his cheek pillowed on the hard muscle of his chest, Steve smiled as he listened to the steady thump of his heartbeat, and the low vibration of the arc reactor. “Happy birthday,” he whispered.
When Steve met his eyes, there was palpable sorrow and regret. “I wish I could’ve been there for you. I’m so sorry I wasn’t.”
He didn’t want to come across too greedy, but the sandwiches were
With a small sigh, he activated the holographs and opened up the latest news, flipping through the pages until he found the section on the Avengers. There was a lot there, a lot of hatred and not nearly enough support. It was a sick kind of self-torture he did there, he knew it, but the shit-storm about the Avengers wasn’t what interested him. It was that first page, that newspaper article he’d glimpsed at earlier this day. There was a picture of him and Steve. It was small and blurred, since they had never officially sold any wedding pictures; but it was undeniably them, exchanging their vows.
And then Tony said the most unexpected thing, making Steve's breath hitch on a startled chuckle. Their bad luck with dates seemed to be a thing, although Steve couldn't say
“Yeah,” Steve agreed. “I think we’ve lost the element of surprise.”
“You came back,” Steve said as he pulled away and regarded him. “You… you’re alive.”
His entire body felt loose and slow, and his mind a little bit lazy, if he were honest. He was incredibly warm, and the realization that he had a male body in his arms didn't jostle him at all. He remembered the previous night perfectly.
Steve looked as relaxed as he possibly could be while he was reliving moments of a past--but not really past--life, never showing any kind of emotion, only a flutter of eyelids here and there.
The warm water was soothing, but when he towelled himself dry after, he still felt it. The ice. He knew, of course, that his body temperature was back to normal now. The doctors had put him through a bunch of examinations, and he was physically fine, but he could still feel the chill in every movement, even as he changed into his new clothes and went down to the cafeteria.
“Baba nose,” he said, then pressed a finger against Steve’s nose.
Steve scooted around the perimeter of the kitchen with his back against the counter, the two of them moving in time. Without any difficulty, any sound, any warning, Bucky leapt over the island, grabbed Steve before he could run away, and pushed the knife against his throat.
There was a long minute of silence, before Tony couldn’t help it anymore. “So… you and me. We are really that close?”
“Did you bring enough in case Steve’s metabolism burns through it?” Tony asked and stepped up to Thor. There were at least twenty vials in there, so there was plenty of antidote at their expense…
“Only you,” Tony confirmed softly.
And now, every last one of his muscles was ready to melt into the bed.
“A… choice.”
,” Steve said fiercely. “You know I can’t talk to him about her. He shuts me out, he shuts
“Let’s go to the river. You can wash off there,” he suggested.
“Right,” Steve said with a huff, flexing his shoulders. At least Fury was blunt and honest about it. And still. Things had gone far enough, and he was through with waiting at the sidelines, ducking his head when things weren’t sitting right with him. “I’m going back to New York. I will talk to Agent Rumlow myself. Have him take over Strike Delta.”
Tony snorted. “It
“Oh, Tony.”
“More or less… It’s complicated. We all messed up our share.”
“Yeah, let’s salvage what we can,” Steve agreed.
“Yes,” Thor replied without hesitation. “I will lend power and focus.”
“Steve,” he called out, heart thundering with adrenaline, but Steve already had the shield in his hands, sitting up with the bed sheet tangled around his middle.
Steve stared at him for all of a minute, taking in the timid uncertainty in Tony's eyes and the fragility there and damn him for somehow bringing the kid into his home, into his bed and worst of all, into his heart. He shook his head as if to clear it. He couldn't for the life of him remember what they'd done last night.
“Ow,” he said, when he felt a sudden jolt of pain, “my head hurts. What happened?”
Bucky snorted. He really loved that woman. “You and me both.”
“No,” he said. “It’s not my place. Whenever you’re ready you can tell him yourself, or… not. Entirely your call.”
Tony huffed. “The truth will get me punched, most likely.”
“Are you sure?” Tony whispered. “You can still go. Turn your back on me, go home to your son and never see me again. You can convince yourself, once you wake up tomorrow, that none of this has happened. God, angels, the devil—none of this has to be real.”
“Can you at least tell me about your plan?” Steve asked.
“You designed that thing for people to check you out. It’s ridiculously tight.”
Afterwards, they all climbed down the RV and stood side by side, watching the semi-eclipse bouncing light off the pavement before it vanished into the shadows.
Ross smiled, and it didn’t even look gleeful, just tired, and it made Tony hate him so much more. “Exactly.”
“Look at you,” Tony panted. “Fuck, you’re perfect.”
He twirled the fork between his fingers for a moment, before he leaned up and pulled Steve in for a kiss with a hand on his neck. Lingering for a moment, tracing Steve’s lips with his own, Tony knew it would all be worth it. “I’m also stupidly insecure, sometimes. I’m in it, of course I am.”
Well that, at least, rang somewhat familiar.
“Need I remind you again that we do not answer to you?” Ross said sternly. “And you are not the only one who cares about Rogers. He’s a national symbol. And we’ve been searching all day. Tell me, Stark, what have
Steve’s mouth lifted in a half-smile, almost shy. “It was the first time I considered it. You and me. I wasn’t really being serious, you’d never given me any reason to believe you’d be interested, but I remember looking at you and thinking ‘What if?’…”
“We got better.”
There was a loud crack in the sky, and they all raised their gazes. Blasts cut through the air, and suddenly buildings were crushed like they were made of paper.
Five minutes and some very endearing deep breaths on Tony’s part later, they said their goodbyes and made their way through the crowd. And within two seconds of getting in the elevator, Tony’s mouth tore at his—both hands fighting his clothing and chucking his tie and dress jacket to the floor without any niceties. Steve moaned into him, guiding him blindly in a clumsy haze for the wall and fending off his attack with one of his own.
“You think Wanda and Pietro are ready?” Tony asked.
It was now or never.
Tony must’ve gotten rid of his shirt, since he was clad in nothing but jeans with the first two buttons undone; he was sleeping on his side, chest turned to Steve, and his head reclined against his own arm. He looked so soft all over, so open where he was usually so guarded. And something about the way Tony looked almost careless while sleeping made Steve’s heartbeat quicken.
where you—”
Steve looked thoroughly offended. “How can you even think that? I was surprised, shocked, maybe, but—” He shrugged, allowing his own wounded pride to bleed through now that they were finally talking about it. “You kicked me out,” he said, and his eyes falling shut. “And you didn’t even look at me the next day. What was I supposed to think?”
It was true, of course. Despite the fact that Steve had never truly acted on his feelings, he’d known for a while now. He loved Tony.
Tony’s breath hitched. “I didn’t say that.”
. You know things about me,” Steve exclaimed. “It never once crossed my mind that you wouldn’t know.”
“—what I can say and what I can’t, if I knew all the things I shouldn’t do, then maybe I can start to live with the fact that he’ll never love me as he loved her.”
. Tony had long ago stopped fearing the assassin, but the look he gave him now was positively intimidating.
Eventually, the others called it a night, one by one, and it was just him and Steve.
“Copy that, Cap,” Maria’s voice came through.
Everyone scrambled for his position, and in the blink of an eye, Tony saw Steve running for him—throwing his shield at him. It hit the blast straight-on, redirecting it…
[F.R.I.D.A.Y.] [chat_server:46957]
After all, Steve was
Tony jolted awake with a start. He sat up, staring into the darkened room, and was immediately aware of what had awakened him. There were sounds filling the space, tiny gasps, choked-up moans, and a steady flow of mumbled pleas.
The look in Tony's eyes read as much plea as it did amusement. Steve laughed and shook his head, not letting go of Tony for the time being.
“I have a lot of things,” Tony said quietly. “Time isn’t one of ‘em.” As soon as Obi put him into one of SI’s research labs, he wouldn’t be making anything but weapons. He would be putting all of his brains and effort into building things that’d destroy, that’d take lives. He sure wouldn’t have the time to finish something stupid like an arm on wheels.
that bad, and he wouldn’t let Steve think so for so much as a second if he could help it.
Extremis was broken—there was no way to ignore it any longer. And yet, he couldn’t tell if it was permanently broken, or just temporarily deactivated.
When Steve kneeled on the bed, Tony kissed his cheek reverently. Together, they lay down face to face, and Tony’s heart was aching with how much he wanted this, his whole self wrapped in this moment.
… he wanted that second chance. He wanted to keep his team, have them by his side, and he would do
It was evening when Steve finally saw Tony again.
“Thank you for your sensitive observation,” Steve threw out his dry response, walking over to the bed slowly. “I’m sorry,” he said as he sat down next to him, but the smile was still there. “I’m neglecting you.”
Then, abruptly, he pulled back, and stared at Steve with furious eyes. “That’s what happened,” Tony said with a clipped voice. “That’s what’s still happening. Now leave me the hell alone.”
Tony nodded. After that, the walk through the basement was a nearly silent one. They walked through many corridors, and there was no one to be seen. Several times Steve glanced over at Tony, hoping to draw some sort of response from him, but he never even looked back. He seemed uneasy in his company, which he never had been, and more than a little annoyed with him.
“Are you really calling me Mister Stark again?” Tony asked, his voice irritated.
Stepping into the penthouse, Steve followed JARVIS' instructions and entered Tony's bedroom.
Instinctively, Tony tried to hang onto some grain of strength, but step-by-step, Ultron was taking hold of him. And deep inside, he knew he couldn’t so much as lift a finger in defense.
* * *
Bucky nodded. “Counting on it.”
Steve nodded numbly. Tony’s eyes were haunted, every inch of him tense as though he’d just killed Indries all over again.
“Я убил стольких,” he whispered.
Right.
A crooked smile rose to Steve’s lips. “We always got along best when there was an apocalypse at hand, didn’t we?”
The deadlock around his shoulders loosened up, as Steve leaned back. “Could’ve fooled me.”
Cooper nodded shyly. “Daddy said you would.”
"Now you're being silly," Steve said, grinning at Tony even as his dick twitched at the favorable tease. He'd had to stifle a chuckle at Tony's indignant refusal to go dry—He really should know Steve better than that. He reached for Tony's hand and held it in his own before turning him gently towards the suit that was still leaning against the wall beside them. He crouched to pick up the box of vaseline he'd retrieved earlier and presented it to Tony. "Think I'd start anything if I hadn't found this?" He raised an eyebrow in a mild challenge, though he was still smiling.
“Waited so long for you,” Tony breathed. “So long.”
“I just… I wanted you to know, before…” Tony’s voice broke and he shook his head. “Fuck.”
When he wasn’t working out, Steve often took his sketchbook to the workshop and lost himself for hours without saying a word to Tony. For some reason, the workshop was the only place where he did not feel Indries haunting him. Even though he knew Tony must’ve spent a lot of time there with her, Steve didn’t feel her ghost following him around every corner.
“You look like a thousand thoughts are running through your head,” Steve observed, tilting his head.
As his eyes fell on Tony again, he couldn't help that overwhelming surge of affection towards him. He looked so wonderfully ravished, even after they'd had a good night's sleep. He was carrying himself like he was having a constant muscle ache, the kind you get from good exercise. Steve wanted to do so many other things with him.
time…”
“And Laura… Doesn’t she… mind?”
Steve lifted the hand not wrapped around Tony to his face, covering his eyes and forehead as relief washed over him in a nearly painful wave. He let a breath fall from his lips before inhaling deeply, then letting all the air out over a sigh. He wasn't made for this kind of emotional rollercoaster. Steve liked knowing where things stood and he didn't much care for misunderstandings. And yet, here he was, just moments away from throwing Tony out of his room for just such a thing.
"He's seventeen. What he looks like is irrelevant."
So much for stage-fighting.
Barnes rolled his eyes. “Don’t be a baby.”
Slowly, Steve pushed the fabric of his briefs aside. Steve took a low breath as Tony’s cock sprang into his hand a moment later. He brushed along him for a moment, his touch delicate, exploratory. The texture was so smooth, the hair in his groin somewhat trimmed.
“Yeah,” Tony said, blindly reaching for the small foil package next to his hand. Tearing it open, he leaned up a little, balancing his weight on one elbow while he rolled the condom over Steve.
“Mmm,” Tony gasped, throwing his head back as Steve’s lips skated down his throat.
In the span of twenty-four hours, Tony had given one interview after another, and declined about three dozen buying offers for the programming code alone. Obi had been back in the lab about an hour later, declaring loudly and enthusiastically that he had supported Tony every step of the way and that Stark Industries couldn’t be more proud of their future CEO.
There was heat pouring into Steve’s lower regions, a yearning in his abdomen, and it was then that Steve realized: This was the reason why walking in on Tony had completely thrown him. He’d seen him writhing on his sheets; the right side of his body obscured in shadows, while the left was bathed in sunlight. At first, Steve had had no idea what to make of what he saw. For the first time since he’d seen a girl naked, he’d looked at the naked body in front of him and drawn a long, undeniable blank.
Though, of course, he hadn’t really
Steve let out a deep breath before returning his attention to the tablet. “There wasn’t anything unusual, as far as I remember it. The bunker has one large main hall and a smaller raised room accessible by a loading ramp. There was a sublevel where they mostly stuffed—” He paused, frowning at the map.
There was so much in his life that didn’t belong to him. The war, the horrible deaths he’d had to encounter every day. Even the Captain America persona.
Steve swallowed. Hard. “You wish.”
Steve met his eyes and shot back the same determination he was giving him. The same irritation. The same resignation.
If Steve had done that, maybe he… really cared for him more than Tony would’ve thought.
Steve leaned back as he picked up the phone. “Yes?”
His second thought: I really don’t have time for this shit.
While he talked, Tony breathed against the heel of Steve’s hand and rubbed his palm back and forth across the line of his jaw. Steve’s fingers curled involuntarily around it.
a part of him wanted to say, but the words were stuck in his throat. There were times for jokes and then there was… this.
Steve blinked. It occurred to him that this was the first time Tony wasn’t wearing one of his suits. Instead, he wore sweatpants with lots of holes and oil stains and a black tank top. His hair wasn’t perfectly groomed as usual, either, but actually looked a lot like Tony had been sleeping on it for once.
looked, past the Captain America uniform. Steve held his gaze, unwavering, his eyes full of concern and… and tenderness, and possibly some other things that Tony couldn’t bring himself to think about just yet.
And to think there were four billion corpses around the globe never to be found…
The vastness of the dimension shrunk to a tiny circle of which Tony was the center.
“Seriously, your sappiness reached a whole new level. You should probably have someone check your head or something.”
Steve sighed. It was almost ridiculous, watching Tony fret over him like this. And the last thing he wanted right now was to argue with him. So he laid down the strut and came towards the shelter.
“What, not yet?” Tony asked. “You have plenty of play left in you before bedtime, don’t you?” He lowered his voice. “How about a quick flip before I go?”
“Let me prove it to you,” Steve said, pressing a kiss on his head.
have your memories. The look in your eyes right now. The way… you sometimes go where I can’t follow. And there’s nothing I can do or say to make it better.” He threw his arms up in frustration. “And even if there was, I wouldn’t know what to say. I don’t understand why you chose
Well. Too little too late, it seemed.
Tony stiffened. “He’ll be fine,” he said. “He—”
Did Steve know about them? Had he been as shell-shocked as Tony? Would he come back and leave as soon as he laid eyes on Tony, getting as far away as possible?
“Was,” Tony agreed with a wide grin. “Got wasted in some weird pub down the street. Rhodey’s saaad… and ‘s with Car now.” He leaned closer, as if sharing a secret, and said, while he was simultaneously breaking into giggles, “they’re bangin’.”
“We need him,” Steve pointed out. He forced himself not to twitch and shift too much. Now wasn’t the time to let anyone see how agitated he truly was. “You know he can handle himself.”
As far as Steve knew, the two had never actually talked about it, and instead had mutually agreed to simply try and move on. And Steve had never intervened, too much depending on his husband and his best friend getting along, though he had known it wasn’t a healthy way to deal with it.
“Uh,” Tony said eloquently, then shook his head to clear it.
“No, it’s war zone!” Pietro shouted back with a cheeky grin.
Bucky glanced back at Bruce. “Porridge sounds good,” he decided on.
What if Tony wasn't even interested in any of that? What if Steve had misunderstood, and all Tony was really after was a friend to come to when he needed to let off some steam? He regarded Tony with a side glance and decided to bring it up at some point. Later.
His more primal senses told Steve to simply throw his shield into Rumlow throat right beneath that black helmet, but he knew he had to spare his life if he had the chance. A court would wait to bring Rumlow to justice.
“You and Ian, you’re everything to me.”
Tony’s mouth was still open, and he only closed it with visible strain.
Tony huffed. “See, that’s the sort of thing I don’t need right now.”
That was… really not who he’d expected. He thought he’d only be seeing him in a few weeks, or months, even. And he’d planned to have some kind of prototype ready, not just a first rough blueprint. The fact that he was here,
“We both know it’s about Wanda. And I can’t do shit about that.” He resumed eating, commenting between mouthfuls: “He’s lovesick, but he’s not five and he can handle it.”
it was. He’d seen other men naked before, after missions, in the shower, or the contamination chambers. He’d also seen Tony half-naked here, scrubbing himself clean in the river, or just when changing afterwards. Modesty usually was a thing of the past for Steve, hell, they’d spent
you’ve achieved, in just a few weeks.” Steve abandoned his quest of Tony’s throat, working down his body. “As I said, I’m feeling incredibly…” He tongued his way across Tony’s thigh. “…grateful…”
babies?”
Because in
And yet, he still didn’t bother to actually use the bathrobe he was wearing, to hide his nudity.
“Yeah.” Tony searched his face, and fell silent for a long moment. “Apart from that, it’s an awfully big responsibility. And they do have a point. Now really isn’t a good time. I have a vague feeling that things are about to get much worse than they are now.”
“Great, okay: The number of the restaurant is on the pad next to the phone. So’s the number of Ian’s pediatrician. I fed him about two hours ago, and now that he’s awake, he’ll probably want to eat again before we get home, so there’s a can of formula in the cupboard. I pinned a manual on the carton, and if you’re still not sure how to do it, feel free to call me and—”
Tony paused, frowning at him. “You know. Saying stuff like that might give a guy ideas…”
“Morning,” Steve mumbled, moving even closer. A comfortable silence covered them like a blanket. Just being here together, it was enough.
The others had tried to convince him to join them at first, but had eventually given up and walked into the city on their own.
Vision swallowed. “Really?”
“I can chop with my other hand. Don’t sweat it,” Bucky said, really
After everything he’d changed, everything he’d done, it seemed he simply couldn’t change the way the world was turning. Maybe if he’d been honest with Steve from the start, maybe if he’d told him what was going on—or maybe that would’ve made things worse, there was really no way to tell.
A few days later, Steve found Tony waiting for him, stretched out on their bed. It was already dark outside, and inside the room, the only source of light was Tony’s arc reactor, and the tablet in his hands. His expression seemed closed-off somehow, not the distracted absent kind of look he’d sported whenever he’d been involved in Extremis, but something much more frightening, something hollow.
Tony could feel his body stiffen, the lines of his muscles going rigid and inflexible.
“Probably both.”
Sorry for the delay, life's been busy. Hope this makes up for the wait :)
do that?”
Snagging a rolled up pancake with palpable frustration, Tony pushed it into his mouth, chewing on it.
“Hi, Clint,” Natasha replied, unbothered.
“Should we worry about that?” Tony asked as he looked heavenwards, pulling the undersuit back on.
Thor clapped a hand on his shoulder, and Tony pointedly didn’t wince at his tight grip. “I did explain Steven’s situation to the Vanir’s shamans, and they were confident that the antidote would have the same effect on him as on everyone else.”
you said. It’s about
Steve sighed and wrapped an arm around Tony’s middle, resting his cheek against the back of his head. He wouldn’t let anything come between them, not now, and if he could help it, not in the future.
Steve finally turned around at that, staring at Tony with an intense expression. Tony pretended not to notice for a moment, but ultimately, his eyes were drawn up to Steve’s.
“Steve,” Natasha called, looking at him with a serious expression and bringing Steve back to the present. “If there’s more to it, if you have a lead, then… bring us
But the kiss was constantly on his mind, as was the warmth of Tony's hands. He kept thinking back to when he'd found Tony on campus, drunk, all bristle hostility but fragile in his arms. That was a kid that needed attention he wasn't getting, Bruce's goodwill and all.
For a moment, he asked himself if contacting Ross might be an option, make this an official mission, but he knew in his heart that the UN would never trust them enough after the Vienna fiasco to just let them go now and ask questions later. And if what Steve had said was true, they couldn’t spare any time.
“I… I had this plan. Coming here, talking to you a bit, then surprising you with…” He waved at himself. “You know. Then maybe talking some more, and… point is, I didn’t really come here just for a quickie, and I’m sorry if I made it seem like it.”
“This could’ve been avoided if you hadn’t played with something you don’t understand,” Thor snapped, stepping closer again. He was all towering above Tony now, and Tony figured the only thing keeping him from putting his hands to Tony's throat right now was Steve.
He drew back a little at that, looking around. He spotted the row of shampoo and shower gel bottles and reached for them. Soaping his hands with the liquid, he ran them down Steve’s chest, caressing his stomach, before moving to his thighs.
As he worked, Barnes spoke up. “I hurt Steve.”
. He couldn’t do this. Just hearing the words on Barnes’ lips would end up propelling all sorts of images around Tony’s mind and he really wasn’t ready to be dealing with this.
It felt more right than anything else in Steve’s life right now.
He had messed this up already, and it was time to fix it, not mess it up some more.
“You want to—”
“He looks weird,” Bucky said ruefully, as he looked up at the red form. “Like a giant plastic doll.”
, Maria urged.
Breathing was becoming a problem, and while he knew it wasn’t the suit that caused the pressure on his lungs right now, he still needed to get out of it. Right now.
Her head whipped towards him and she said, emphasizing every word by slamming her hand on the table, “It’s not about
The desperation mingled with relief in his voice made Tony’s insides quiver. Of course Steve would have thought he was dead.
No reaction. Barnes only lowered his gaze to the floor. His metal hand kept clenching and unclenching, but Tony refused to back down on this. At the end of the day, this was a room that had been designed to keep the Hulk at bay. When it came down to it, Tony knew Barnes couldn’t lay a finger on him.
“Then eat, Tony. I won’t say it again.”
“It’s about your affiliation with the Avengers Initiative,” Tony explained. “Not sure if you know about our—”
Steve’s heart ached when he saw that Tony’s eyes were now closed off like doors barred against him. “But—”
"Yeah, sure. I... think you should top, tonight," he said, before his courage could run out.
If he left college next week and moved to New York, the new sharpness it brought to his features would be something he’d sorely need.
Never had Steve seen him like this, and the sight had his skin buzzing. As he wrapped a hand around Tony’s erection, he felt empowered and terrified and reassured all in the same beat. He pumped him in time with his thrusts and as he began to pound into Tony in earnest, a deep conviction settled inside of him.
right now.
“Need you,” Tony gasped. “Need you in me
* * *
“What?”
Tony squeezed Steve’s hand once before he walked towards the suit, which was still leaning up against one of the walls. “On it,” he said, crouching down to pick up the helmet. “Pretty sure we won’t get any signal out,” he told Steve, even before the HUD came to life. “I think the basement was built specifically to block any sort of radio waves, that’s why I couldn’t scan it in the first place. The others should’ve received our last signal before we walked down here, so I don’t think there’s any real need to worry just yet.”
Steve still smiled, very softly. “You know, Tony, for a genius you can be so blind sometimes.”
Steve sighed. “Yeah, I know.”
Steve’s expression visibly fell. He remained silent, but he
—you’re hurting him. And I don’t… I don’t get it. How
“I’ve never danced with anyone before.” Tony looked at him expectantly. When he didn’t budge, he rolled his eyes. “You gonna make me dance by myself?”
With a sigh, Steve pulled back. He cupped Tony’s face, stroking his cheek. “See you later.”
“No offense to your buddy’s people and their traditions,” Clint told the God, “but I’m not a big fan.”
Quick note: We are aware that 17 is legal in the US when it comes to age of consent, but we're going with it being illegal for the purpose of this storyline.
God, he was so hard it wasn't even funny.
“It doesn’t make any sense,” Tony told him. “I’ve read a few things about… about dream sharing. Most of it is just some weird esoteric bullshit, but there were a few things that made sense. And all of it said that dream sharing is mostly about the two people feeling some kind of connection, and we… we didn’t.”
“You’re serious about this? You agree with him?”
Tony didn’t even blink as he looked up at Steve. For everything, he had not expected something so abrupt.
Steve breathed in, put the shield back on his back holder. “Then we know where we have to go. We’ll get you back to New York, then Sam and I will—”
Things were just too messed up now to even begin to sort through. And still, he couldn’t get the images out of his mind. Stuck there on repeat. How he’d practically mauled Steve, how he’d rutted against him and
, he was genuinely surprised. Up until now, Steve had been so upfront about his sexuality, as if he’d done everything under the sun and then some. He had said he’d had numerous one night stands, after all, so Tony had figured there wouldn’t be any firsts for either of them. Tony hadn’t been peeved about Steve’s recent encounters—really not—just a bit taken aback.
Sam snorted. “Only you…”
Los Angeles truly held no appeal for him any longer. Here, his thoughts would always, undoubtedly, come back to the Detective. The man who had ruined everything for him.
Tony gave him a look. “Don’t tell me Junior has a crush.”
“Honestly, guys,” Tony said, gently prying him loose from Pepper’s grip. “you’re going to scar him for life.”
Nat pulled Steve in for a hug, then caught Bucky by the hand and dragged him towards the front door. “Bye, everyone. See you in a week.”
Tony said quietly, and there was no angry undertone, only simple regret.
“Yeah.” Tony nipped at Steve’s lips briefly, before he dropped his head back on the sheets. “No teasing.”
In a blink, his dismay washed into pure and utter disbelief, his heart beating faster when his eyes locked on the man in front of him. He couldn’t see his eyes, because they were shaded behind impenetrable sunglasses, but there was no mistaking him.
It didn’t take long for Steve to put two and two together. So he jumped the obvious question, and came right to the point. “If I let you take Bucky, he’ll be put away for good.”
“Yes,” his master agreed with a nod. “It is over. You did succeed. Your body accepted the first treatment.”
Sam snorted, elbowing Clint. “Oh, this is gonna be good.”
“FRIDAY, blackout,” he ordered, then cast Steve a pointed look. His eyelids lowered a fraction at the intense expression on Steve’s face. He was biting his lip and flaring his nostrils as he blatantly looked Tony up and down.
"Hi?" he called as the doors slid open, searching for Tony's form in the workshop.
“Tit for tat, Cap,” Tony prompted, hooking both arms behind his head and stretching above the bedsheet.
Tony was mesmerized by how right all of this felt, and he wanted to give Steve back just a sliver of the pleasure he’d already given him. Steve’s fingers were coaxing endless groans through Tony’s lips as his hips thrust forward over and over again.
“The tower fell down at a 90 degree angle, there would’ve been no room. You’ve seen how it looks in there.”
falling, but he left the soft space around him and—“Ugh,” Steve grunted as he dropped on some floor, or rather, on a very fluffy, very colorful rug. His shield fell down right next to him and Steve immediately reached for it, bracing himself for what was to come. One quick look at his surroundings told him he didn’t know this place, but at least, it didn’t look like a hostile environment.
“Ready to go?” Steve asked, and a messenger bag slung over his shoulder. He sat down on his bike and pointed the second helmet expectantly at Tony.
He leaned back a little, staring at the room as if the memory was truly coming alive. “She was face to face with me and she was smiling. ‘Well, Tony, what are you going to do about it?’ she asked. And I suppose I went mad for a moment. I must have struck her, I… I can’t really remember. All I could see was her. Laughing. Gloating. And I remember how I yelled at her, then shoved her. I wanted her to go away, so I pushed, and… When I looked down… ages afterwards, she was lying on the floor. She’d struck her head on a heavy piece of ship’s tackle. I remember wondering why she was still smiling… then I realized she was dead. I didn’t want to do it—but she fell and she hit her head, and I
“I know that,” Steve agreed. “I’m not saying I regret all of it. You know I don’t.” He smiled a little, though he didn’t feel it. “But I always regretted the outcome. I’d do a lot to change what happened. I… I never wanted to fight you.”
His words were cut off by Rhodes’ entrance. “Steve! Where is he?”
no intention of joining Tony in the shower, he drifted after him, as if hypnotized. He tried averting his gaze, but Tony’s ass was in his line of sight and Steve felt his cheeks heat as he followed him. He needed to figure out what all of this meant, and sure—the signs were pretty clear, and he guessed whatever clue he needed to find would be wherever Tony was going.
“Oh God, Tony,
“Or… maybe this is a different dimension?” Steve asked, looking around a little helplessly.
“The Austrian government obviously sent a wetworks-team in Vienna.” Clint said as he leaned forward to look at Steve. “They had orders to kill Bucky, which didn’t work out so well. So—my lucky guess: Now Tony will have to do what they couldn’t.”
“You know, that’s not all that impressive,” said a voice in the comm-line.
… this was home.
. And once his shoulders stopped aching and his heart didn’t throb with pain every time he closed his eyes and saw Erskine dying in his arms, he could find his hope again.
"Would I be asking if I did?" Steve countered, finally sipping his own coffee. It wasn't tasty, but that's what they served here, so he just drank on.
A voice called his name. It was tentative, full of concern. “Steve?”
“Yeah… Your arms, your back… I think you’ve even grown a little.” Tony’d smiled, then leaned in, and when he nosed at his neck, Steve realized it was true—Tony didn’t have to lean down at all anymore.
“Ah…” Steve acknowledged, nodding.
“Want you naked,” Steve murmured, his hands fisting the material of Tony’s dress shirt to pull him nearer.
Tony wasn't telling the whole truth. Steve was sure of that. He wanted to ask—was going to, actually—when the arm moved again, drawing his attention.
In fact, they were so busy with themselves that neither heard the barn doors swing open, or the timely gasp that preceded Clint’s shrill, “Oh my GOD! What the hell are you guys doing?!”
“Ugh, don’t touch me,” Tony complained, drawing back a little. “I’m gross.”
Instead of looking pleased, Tony’s face tightened even more. He cast his lashes down so that Steve couldn’t see his eyes. Then, the corner of his mouth twisted into a grimace. “I guess we should.”
“We gotta move out,” Steve called. “The air’s getting thin. You guys get to the boats… I’ll sweep for stragglers, be right behind you.”
“Your next cryo will start in two days,” she said, and the soft expression in her eyes seemed to belie the cruelty that had clouded them the night before when they’d taken down some American senator. The contrast was so startling that, at first, he couldn’t wrap his mind around how he hadn’t seen it before.
“He will if it’s the better option,” Steve said, pinching his nose. “And I have a feeling that at this point, it might be.”
Had he known of Jarvis? Tony had told him so many things about Stark Mansion, but for the life of him, he could barely recall his own name at the moment.
“Get in,” he told Tony, grinning as he unlocked the passenger-side door. “The chopper is waiting for us.”
“I’ve never…” Steve started, shaking his head slightly as if to clear it. “This is yours,” he told Tony in a hushed whisper. “This… feels like yours. The mansion is just that, a mansion, but this is yours. Your
, there were some things he really needed to take care of, and soon. He leaned down, because both his boxers and pants were still pooled around his ankles.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony murmured.
Tony was here. It was… how had this happened? How had he found him? And
Tony offered a noncommittal shrug. “Thought we’d have to share the love, eventually,” he said, his hand squeezing Steve’s, before he made a beeline for the coffee machine.
The man shrugged. “Makes for a solid ground to work on. For both sides.”
“It’s a miniature America,” Tony explained with his typical whiny-voice that had Steve smiling a little every time. “It’s America of the 1950’s, in all of its quaint, starry-eyed, God-flag-mom-and-apple-pie glory.” He cast Steve a short look before instantly looking back out of the windshield. “Come to think of it, Rogers will probably like it.”
There were… options. Vague options for now. But options nevertheless.
Once Tony's words registered, though, he heard himself laughing lightly. So Tony knew how to take advantage of the rules. That was good to know, too. Steve's remaining clothes were discarded easily, and he reached down to close his hand around his own erection. God, he was so hard, so ready for action, but there was still some time to go…
The happy dream he’d been living was about to vanish into thin air and God, he didn’t know how he could bid Tony goodbye.
When Steve’s thrusts eventually dragged to a halt, Tony just looked up at him, gaze wide and imploring.
“But you wouldn’t have agreed on this,” Clint pointed out, raising his hand in defense when Steve glared at him. “Hey, I’m not saying you would’ve been
to fight, or it might very well be the end for everything they’d built. Tony could only hope he’d find an opportunity to talk to Steve and explain the situation before anyone got hurt.
Steve smiled slyly. He’d really hoped Tony would say that. His tiredness all but vanished, and he set up a little straighter, casting Tony a meaningful look. “Good. Next car we pass, you’re mooning.”
For now, Steve had the promise of Tony’s warmth and that was enough. It was more than the world had ever given him.
“You don’t have to do this,” Tony said for the millionth time.
Because he would
With that, Tony watched Steve and Natasha run in the direction of the city center, then fired up his boot thrusters. Flying without Extremis feeding him all those tons of extra information was something to get used to again, but this wasn’t the time to wallow in misery.
Too much.
The sharpness of his question, however, just caused Ian to cry harder, his big azure blue eyes staring up at Tony in terrible confusion.
—the others would be removing the rubble above their heads, they’d be in no immediate danger.
“There’s lube,” he said on a second thought, pushing a shaking hand in the back of his pants and raising the small package in Steve’s general direction.
"That’s the point," Steve said, his eyes still roaming Tony's perfect back. How could a guy look this good from behind? It was unreal.
“I think I once stole that from Howard.”
Well, that was unexpected. Tony could see one corner of Steve’s mouth twitching, and shoved him lightly. “You’re welcome,” he said eventually.
“What happened?” Tony asked.
“I remember
“That was amazing,” Tony mumbled. “A plus. Ten out of ten. Who ever said one night stands are the solution to a great sex life?
Steve hit the punching bag hard. He didn’t know how long he’d been going, but the sun was already up, and he was so tired that the gym benches were starting to look like the queen-size bed in Tony’s room.
That face.
Somehow, the fact that he was about to pop right away had Tony love this even more.
“Absolutely,” Tony agreed, nipping at Steve’s lips. “No work tonight.”
When Bucky came at him again, Steve backhanded him with so much force that he spun a full 180 degrees before he could right himself. Bucky whirled a circle around him, and came out in front with another knife extended. They both paused as if to consider the situation—Bucky standing on the edge of the bridge like an acrobat, Steve wide-legged and braced for a blow. An impressive leap on Bucky’s part, and Steve staggered backward with a blade between his eyes, his hands keeping it away just an inch from his forehead. The metal hand holding the knife shook with the strain, servos whirling, but Steve was stronger. He pushed forward, though Bucky had already drawn back again and struck, this time managing to slash the left side of his upper body. A trickle of blood streamed down, burning and momentarily making Steve stagger backwards. But the pain and adrenaline forced him to shake it off instantly.
But didn’t dream.
There were about a million more words ready on Tony’s tongue then, but at the end of the day, he guessed they both knew exactly where their lives were heading towards. And they’d made their peace with it.
Tony’s mouth opened, but no words came out.
Steve groaned in pain, and there was the screeching sound of some knife making contact with the shield.
With the whole team around, and Tony piloting the Iron Legion from afar, HYDRA wouldn’t even know what hit them. Logically, this should be a piece of cake.
Steve fell back into the cushions, staring at the ceiling. “So that’s final.”
“Anything unusual?”
A wry grin appeared on Mister Stark’s mouth. “Just us?”
Moments later, his breath danced over his skin, and Tony’s nails were drawing patterns in his scalp. Steve lifted his head and searched his eyes for something.
"Whatever it is," Steve said, reaching over to close his fingers around Tony's hard cock. "I'm glad it's working." And he found himself letting Tony push him wherever he would, eventually lying down on the bed when they reached it. The nervous energy was still rumbling in the pit of his stomach, and Steve had to close his eyes to keep from showing it. He didn't want Tony to get the wrong impression.
“It’s sort of an end to itself,” Rhodey all but snarled. “He shouldn’t be here, you know that. It’s obviously a ruse!”
“Well, I hope it’s not a problem,” Tony said. “Breathe, Rogers. I won’t hit on you or anything. I’m not that stupid.”
“I’m too heavy.”
“You can’t think like that. Looks bad, yeah, but we took on an alien army and won.”
In many ways, he looked a lot like the man he’d been back then, physically exhausted and sleep-deprived, and on the other hand, he was someone else entirely.
That’s what Steve had seen, right? The burned flesh, the blistering skin, the glowing red eyes. That’s what rebelling had cost Tony. And that face, that horrific, gruesome face was only a representation of the pain he must’ve gone through.
“No I…” Tony trailed off, looking him over. “Hey, you look
There were two more calls of heavy silence before it was Tony’s phone that started ringing. It was in the middle of the night, and Tony was in his empty, giant bed, doing what he liked to call ‘trying not to lose your shit over the fucking what-ifs of life’. And yes, he’d taken the damn phone into his bedroom, so what. He obviously couldn’t risk anyone to find it, and there was still one super-spy living under his roof so… better safe than sorry.
When Steve’s thrusts grew deeper, Tony’s eyes all but rolled inside his head. He threw his head back, and clutched Steve with newfound desperation at his shoulders.
Steve, however, only had eyes for the paintings. A hundred different people who shared Tony’s name. Most of them had to be dead, but Steve couldn’t help but wonder how big Tony’s family was. How many Starks would look at him in utter horror once they found out he was now part of Tony’s life?
So far the evening was great. Tony was such a brilliant man that Steve could barely take his eyes off him. Every little gesture he made was so effortlessly elegant that Steve felt himself falling even more in love with him.
Barnes sighed, then raised his gaze to the door. Wondering. Waiting. “He’s still sitting there, right?”
beautiful, though.” There was something in Tony’s voice that rattled his insides. Steve shivered and looked up just as the back of Tony’s knuckles grazed the trail of hair on his abdomen, slowly moving downwards. He was staring at Steve’s dick like a man possessed, his eyes searing with lust.
For some reason, Tony’s answer didn’t surprise him much. It still hurt, but it wasn’t a surprise.
Without another beat, Steve pulled him nearer, hugging him with all he had. At the same time, they both wrapped their arms around each other and Steve pressed a relieved smile into Bucky’s shoulder.
About half an hour later, Thor was finally snoring lightly, his head resting on the back of the couch. Natasha and Barnes were making noises from the corner of the room where they were tangled into each other on the loveseat. Low, barely imperceptible murmurs echoed between them and Tony shook his head, smiling to himself. Every day he saw more and more evidence that Barnes was going to be just fine, whether or not the government would ever revoke his house arrest. They tried to put more restrictions into action every other week—not just for Barnes, for all of them. Tony hated going to those hearings over and over again, but he knew he had to. He saw it in Steve’s eyes. How he couldn’t wait for the day when Barnes’d be joining them on their missions. And Tony would do anything to make that happen.
* * *
“What the hell are you wearing?” Tony asked when he’d turned around to Steve once more. His brows were raised up high.
Once he’d gained his balance, Ian glanced up at Steve, and… took a step forward.
“No,” Tony said, palming Steve’s cock as he settled his body on top of Steve’s legs. “First, I want to get to know you all over again.”
“I don’t think anyone of us would say we can go on like this,” he said, his voice calm.
Bucky ran his metal hand through his hair, agitation clear in his stance. Then he caught Steve’s eyes in a firm stare. “Look. Steve. Back then, when we were children? I couldn’t always protect you like I wanted. Couldn’t save you from landing in the hospital every other week, and not for lack of trying. I hated that, I really did, but in the end, I wasn’t responsible for you being a stubborn little shit.” He paused, inhaling lowly. “And neither were you for me falling off that train. When I agreed to follow you into war, I knew what I was getting into and there are things that are out of your hands. What happened to me is one of those things.” At that, he cast him a tentative smile. It was the first real smile he had given Steve since he’d gotten to the tower. “You did your best, and it’s all I could ask for.”
and he had spent the whole time just looking at his surroundings and the city outside. “How is he?”
“Ready is an understatement,” Tony said fervently. “Let’s get out of here.”
“Oh, for fuck’s sake, Steve, you’re not my mom. I can do it, okay?” And with that, he set to work.
, carefree and unburdened, and he didn’t want to spoil the mood. Natasha, however, ignored him, and pushed the door open.
seemed to be perfectly happy with the way things were. And the heavens didn’t come crashing down because he and Tony were together. It wasn’t wrong for this version of Steve.
Bucky snorted. “Now, there’s the surprise of the century, rich boy. Pull the other one.”
All of the other words between them hung thick and heavy in the air, but otherwise remained unspoken. Steve just couldn’t bring himself to tell Tony. He didn’t know how without destroying everything.
Every other woman would’ve either pulled her hand back so she wouldn’t make him feel awkward, or say something sappy. Natasha, however, leaned in and pressed a kiss against the round metal stump and cast him a smirk. “Kinda miss that guy.”
He gave her a stern look. “There are twelve of us here, and you’ve seen Thor eat.”
It felt that years passed before they pulled apart, both gasping, Steve’s brow resting against Tony’s. It was oddly the most erotic moment of Steve’s entire life. Knowing that he could make a powerful being like Tony pant like that.
The grin turned to something a little more soft. “Those I always forgive.” Steve leaned in, making a pleased sound as their lips touched ever so gently, and Tony was still surprised by how little Steve cared for what people thought of them. He planted one on Tony whenever he felt like it, and now, with hundreds of people mingling all around them, and a few even coming to a halt and staring blatantly, Steve only seemed to kiss him more fiercely.
“It’s… complicated.”
“Of course not,” Tony replied, earning himself a confused look from Peter. Quickly, he moved to explain himself. “You’re going to be a young man going to school so he can go to a college and get a degree and make a better life for himself. People do it all the time, Peter. Afterwards, you can decide what to do with your life. It doesn’t have to be this. It’d probably be better if you decided to do something else entirely.”
"Yeah…" he said, slinging both arms around Tony's waist and holding him close. "I wouldn't have thought this, you and me, could work out if it hadn't been for that bar meeting." He rested his chin on Tony's head, breathing in the scent of shampoo, sweat and metal. "We should probably thank Natasha somehow…"
Steve flushed, though he immediately hated himself for it. He didn’t want to give Stane the satisfaction of knowing how much his words got to him.
The second he felt Tony clench around him, coming against his hand, the white heat that’d kept him under roared to freedom and Steve felt himself spiraling toward release.
, even the risk of getting his heart broken.
So instead of letting Tony touch him, he leaned back against the wall, pressing his eyes closed. He raised his knees, setting his forehead on top of it, and tried to calm down. The vision haunted every corner of his mind, as though he was bleeding internally for every one of the lives Tony had taken in this… nightmare.
Wobbling around a bit, moving from one leg to another, Tony somehow managed to put the undersuit back on. Next to him, Steve had his pants on already, stepping into both boots.  “Smart,” Tony commented distractedly, zipping himself up.
“‘For a while’?” Natasha asked, clearly surprised.
All in all, this was going well.
He thrust into Tony, holding him close with one hand. Steve built up speed slowly, keeping a steady, fast pace. Tony was close, Steve could tell. He flexed around him, riding out the storm he’d initiated, gasping for air as a gut-wrenching climax started sweeping through him. Steve pressed his mouth against Tony’s shoulder, holding him still as he thrust deep and deeper still—his body almost pinning Tony to the bed now.
me, we all don’t deserve to be around people like Steve. Thor is probably the only exception, but—at the end of the day, we all have a lot of blood on our hands. Even Steve. And… we’re all lost. That’s what brought us together, and that’s what’s keeping us together. This team, we’re… we’re helping each other. We… care for each other.” She paused and shook her head like she almost couldn’t believe her own words. “It’s worth it, you can trust me on that. It’s worth giving it a try.”
“Trouble in paradise?” Bucky asked with a raised brow. “Already?”
Tony stretched his poor old limbs, then squatted down in front of his jacket, which he’d carelessly thrown to the ground earlier. After fishing out a small paper card, he turned it back and forth for a handful of times, gauging the best way to do this.
he thought, feeling a sour tightening in his throat at the mere thought of it. He was glaring at Tony, daring him to say something to rile him up more.
her.”
“Been a while since I dreamed of a guy,” the man said, smirking at Steve as he let his eyes rake up and down over Steve’s body. “But hey, you’re quite the eye-candy.”
, he didn’t care much how desperate he might come across. “You know, I was okay with not having sex. It’s your fault I’m like this now.”
This was
Sorry for the wait, guys! I hope I'll be able to post the next chaps a bit quicker! A special thank you to
“Where’s your better half?” Maria asked, smiling in that warm kind of way she did nowadays.
“Nah,” Sam said. “Didn’t think they’d act on it.”
“Alright, that’s nice, really,” he said, giving Obi a firm glare for that last comment. “How about we all calm down a little. I wasn’t asking for your permission, I just wanted to do the polite thing and introduce you. Doesn’t mean my sex life’s up for discussion now, I—”
“Bucky. You’ve known me your whole life,” Steve said, knowing before it happened that Bucky’d lash out and accepting it. The punch threw him backwards, making him fall hard on the glass floor. “Your name… is James Buchanan Barnes. We’ve been friends since kindergarten for God’s sake!”
Rhodey had little hair and a big smile. He had remained silent so far, but now smiled at Steve warmly when their eyes locked.
Wait.
“Are they always like this?” T’Challa asked Natasha.
“Don’t,” Agent Romanoff said, suddenly standing next to him. Her voice was so quiet that Steve was sure only he could hear her. “Let him go.”
He never should’ve agreed to sign it while Steve still had his doubts. He should’ve talked to him sooner, should’ve made a compromise before Ross gave them a deadline.
“A world of no,” Tony said, shuddering. He knew Steve meant well, buying him all kinds of extravagant drinks so he wouldn’t feel left out whenever the others got a bit drunk, but… most of the nonalcoholic beers were a travesty. “Soda’s fine. Thanks.”
Involuntarily, his eyes dropped on the coffin, and a fierce numbness washed over him. Peggy had always been so strong, so larger-than-life, how could she be so small now to fit in there?
Steve frowned. “Then this isn’t the room Tony shared with Mrs. Stark?”
"So that's your five year plan, huh?" he teased, leaning in to nuzzle against Tony's cheek. "Wait it out, then fire him?"
A few months apart, and he was back to overdoing the prep thing.
Bucky lingered for a while, staring at the screen while his thoughts spread into several directions at once. He was… relieved, and happy, and on the other hand, kind of empty.
His tone was probably slightly hysterical, but just the thought of facing any of the others right now, and having to engage in serious conversations, was definitely on the more frightening side.
He huffed and crossed his arms, toeing the table stand with his boot as he stared at the food between them. “We’re doing the right thing,” he told her quietly.
years.
you."
“That sounds absolutely disgusting,” Tony said, but stuck the twig in his mouth either way.
at his lower lip, and his tongue moved along its line in a way that brought it inside his mouth before Steve knew how to stop it.
,” he corrected himself when he saw Steve’s stern look.
Well, going back at this point would be unwise, Steve reasoned. If he was going to make it to lunch tomorrow, he'd have to drive back all night, put Bucky at home and then drive out again. It made no sense. And he was lucky, he realized, that he was off work the next day. Still, it seemed a little impolite to impose.
wearing blinders,” Steve said grimly, eyes narrowing at Tony through his detachment, composed but more troubled than ever.
“They… know? That we’re together?” Steve asked, disbelieving. It seemed impossible.
Steve’s head poked out again, and he grinned like the Cheshire Cat. “That’s exactly what it takes, yes.”
* * *
a really good guy. You’ve been one of my closest friends for a whole long time, and for what it’s worth, I think she was interested, too.”
“What should we do?” Steve asked. The body was still impassively hovering in the air, staring out into the city. “Go and talk to him?”
The observation earned a shrug in turn. “I just don’t see where the conflict comes in. You have to get used to this time either way, right? You like him, he likes you. Where’s the problem?”
His face was level with the side of Tony's head, and he leaned closer, his lips hovering right next to his ear. "Tony…" he whispered. "What do you need?" He let his own hand cover Tony's but was careful not to touch him intimately. Not yet.
Steve sighed. “Tony—”
* * *
The workshop was on lockdown, JARVIS informed him, and Steve was getting ready to punch his way through the door, but it opened on his approach.
Steve smiled lazily. “The thought is what counts,” he said, eventually easing himself out of Tony’s body.
He sighed. He had to let go. After all, Steve had been very clear that there was no chance whatsoever. And there were plenty more fish in the sea.
“Steve?” Tony called, frowning as he paced the length of the hallway, pausing periodically to look down on the various books that were deposited in the large boxes. He remembered how much Steve had looked forward to reading some of the new political thrillers Natasha and Bruce had gifted him with for Christmas. The books had clearly not been opened once.
Steve was always beautiful when lost in pleasure, biting his lips as he did, whole body quivering, but this was something different entirely. He was enthralled by the stretch of Steve’s ass around him, the way it was clenching around him so good. And
. And he hadn’t seen enough evidence to bother freaking out, no matter how much the little things slowly started to add up.
“Of course,” Carol agreed and stroked his hair. “He’s probably just nervous.”
Tony nodded, looking back at Steve. “Yeah, so that’s our only idea. I’m going to send a message to my past self. Then your people will have to find the Sequencer before it was destroyed. They’ll use it on our Steve, and the both of you switch places.”
* * *
Natasha’s eyes glinted back with mischief. “If you still remember the question in a minute, sure.”
Tony pursed his lips, then nodded. “Please.”
SR 2:26 P.M.>Tempting
How could Tony think he had a chance to single-handedly protect those he loved?
Tony didn’t say anything for a minute; merely nodded and took a small step back. “I understand.” He smiled a little. “I know I haven’t exactly been practicing what I preach here, but I’d never force myself on you. You’re… confused. You need time. I get it.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Sure. But I always thought there’s a lot to be learned for our present life if you look at our history.”
“Not a recording,” Tony said, his eyes twitching back and forth between his own brown eye color and the typical oily blackness of Extremis.
Steve looked up at him, confused. “What do you…”
The guy was deathly quiet as he dashed forward towards them.
Steve’s shit-eating grin was both sexy and just plain infuriating. “So you’ve told me many times.”
“Indeed,” Vision said and glanced up at the sky, something very peaceful shimmering in his eyes.
All the energy left Steve. “I didn’t want any of this,” he urged. “Don’t think this isn’t breaking me.”
Mister Stark snorted and he looked at Steve with his friendly, however burdened eyes. “Yes, you really should apologize, sitting there, minding your own business. An apology is definitely in order.”
“I didn’t have the time!” Tony protested. “And Extremis is a constant presence, that doesn’t mean I get lost in it. I got it under control, and whenever I’m with you, I’m
Wanda stared at him and that condescending way of hers, but her grip on Rumlow loosened, only a fraction, but it was enough. Rumlow wrenched an arm free and Tony saw him reaching for the bomb, so Tony shoved Wanda off him and pulled Rumlow against his chest instead.
For a blessed second, Tony allowed his tormented soul to believe that there was something to salvage here. That he could find the words that were needed to convince Steve that Tony wasn’t exactly what he was.
“Do you doubt our Lord and Savior?”
“Painkillers,” Steve supplied gently.
“Barely.”
To Tony’s surprise, it wasn’t Natasha who spoke up first, but Vision. He was seated in the middle of the couch, his body emanating that typical ethereal aura of his, but his face was all smug knowledge. “I believe congratulations are in order?” he asked. Next to his feet, Wanda’s eyebrows shot upwards as she regarded first Steve, then Tony.
“How’s ‘p’ closer to ‘b’ than ‘d’?”
loved Natasha. “He’s even playing dart with the veterans.”
when he was completely out of it.
“And it’s not for Tony?” Natasha asked, searching his face for… something. “I was a bit surprised that you didn’t even bring it up. Especially with the way he’s barely holding himself up right now.”
what kind of stuff you know if something happened to you!" His tone was rising.
“But—
When he drew him back in, he took him as far as he could, teeth just barely grazing his skin. The head brushed the back of his throat, and he knew by now that Steve loved it when he swallowed around him. He wasted no time contracting his throat muscles around his cock, humming at the throaty moans that hit the air right after.
And it would’ve hit dead center, if Steve didn’t catch it in mid-air, popping it into his mouth instead. “Be nice, Clint”, he reprimanded.
them to be here. Right now. Right in this very place.
There was a pause, and Tony leaned in, brushing his lips along Ian’s forehead. “I try, just… Sometimes, I’m not sure if I can do this,” he admitted. “I can’t replace Steve.”
This was all so weird and Steve needed more of it. He needed Tony to strip his pants off and feel the hardness between his legs. He needed him to do something to ease the fire he’d set loose in Steve’s body. He needed—
“Tony,” Steve said in a low warning voice, his eyes not leaving the creature. In his peripheral vision, Tony saw him slowly reaching behind himself and taking hold of the shield that had been leaning against the couch table.
“Really?”
Tony’s pumped him a few times, matching the rhythm of Steve’s hand between his legs. Steve groaned, resting his head against his shoulder.
He couldn’t shake off the memories. All those dead people—all the blood on his hands. Something inside him was broken and couldn’t be repaired. He had never known remorse or guilt before. And that was the way it was—the way he’d accepted it. The Winter Solider was never meant to bear a conscience, and having all of his memories combined with this new perception of right and wrong—it was tearing him apart.
Tony snorted, then turned his head a little. “Sure you didn’t,” he said, then rubbed the side of Steve’s face with his nose of all things, kissing the corner of his jaw, just under his ear.
“Where are we going?” Bucky asked.
On the next beat, JARVIS activated the ventilation system and it barely took two seconds before the dust was sucked right out of the room.
“You’re a good man,” Steve said and in that moment, he felt like maybe this,
Thanks again to my lovely beta-reader morphia, and to civilwarbrokemyheart for proofreading the Russian sentence. And once more thanks to all of you for commenting and giving me your support. I'm honestly very relieved there weren't any Civil War-rants going on here, as I know it is a sensitive thing for lots of people, so thanks for sticking with me throughout the whole thing <3
. No, he couldn’t let this happen. Steve stumbled as he heaved himself to his feet. He was running towards the two, ready to launch himself at Tony and pull him off and away—when he noticed it.
* * *
“For sex?” Steve asked with a raised brow. “I respectfully disagree.”
That was it, then.
As the celebration gradually died, Sam turned around and raised his hands. “So,” he said and grinned. “What’s next?”
He already had.
He had that calming way about him—how he’d ask Steve a few little questions here and there, like where they were right now, if it was cold outside, how his team was doing. He still wasn’t sharing much information about himself, at least not any specifics, but Steve figured Tony simply needed a bit more time to fully trust him. In any case, Tony’s presence helped calm Steve’s mind a lot, and whenever he woke up, he did it with a bit of newfound strength to face yet another day.
There
“For what it’s worth, I think you’ll be good for him,” Pepper said, breaking Steve’s reverie. “For Tony.”
On the television, Tony watched three men run away through the Vienna suburbs, a good few dozen armed soldiers hot on their heels. There were shots, over and over again. The soldiers fired to kill, and all Tony could do was stare at the little figure that was his husband.
“I thought he was cleared of all charges concerning Vienna.”
“Sorry… it’s nice to meet you, too,” he finally managed to say, his voice positively shaking. He wanted to say more—
Will Tony choose the path of evil?
“What?” Steve asked with an amused sound. “Marry a man?”
And he was only mildly surprised who he found waiting for him there.
Tony’s pulled him closer, mouth open and welcoming. Not that he still hated Bucky’s guts—he’d made peace with the Winter Soldier’s actions long ago—but the words still warmed his heart. On his bad days, he still didn’t understand how Steve could have fallen in love with him so completely that it had changed their entire self-concept. Because in the end, Tony was sure that the main reason why things had played out so differently had been the two of them.
—you’re a walking Adonis, so I think it’s safe to say this isn’t your dream.”
,” Tony told Vision with an eye-roll, “I’m… you’re smirking. Stop it, it’s creepy. You’re not supposed to smirk, Mr. Cool-Guy.”
“Yeah,” Clint confirmed, his tone light and obviously very happy to be back. It was written all over his face.
Being friends with Steve, however, had led to Tony’s crush to develop into a full-blown-infatuation to the point of pain. Which had led to Tony messing things up so bad that he would never be able to look Steve in the eyes ever again. And every time Steve so much as glanced at Tony, he kind of expected him to break out laughing. Or insult Tony. Or sock him straight in the face.
“He could do that?”
When he’d finished his shower, Steve walked up to the common floor. On his way to the kitchen, he glanced at the various photographs that filled almost every surface and wall. When he came across one of the bigger ones, he stopped.
“I’ve never…” Tony whispered, swallowing down the rest of the admission, but the meaning was very clear.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t spend the day with you,” Tony started, as if he’d read Steve’s thoughts. “I thought I could take a break but I’ve been away so long, it took hours to catch up on everything that happened with the company. Also, Pepper called and informed me that she and her husband will be visiting tomorrow. She’s my company’s director. She’s perfect, but once Pepper starts talking it’s practically impossible to make her stop unless she wants to.”
“Cops have to train and carry badges,” the man continued, and
Tony had no idea where Clint and Sam were, but Bruce and Steve were standing at the bar, talking animatedly to Maria and Doctor Cho. Letting his head drop back, Tony closed his eyes and let his mind drift away.
It was more disappointing than Tony would ever openly admit.
Tony remained quiet, and
He should have seen this coming. Like Natasha had tried to make him understand, he should have predicted the possibility that Bucky wouldn’t recognize him at all.
“We did,” Tony agreed and smiled. He didn’t know why, didn’t understand the mechanics of it, but in the long run, Tony figured it didn’t matter. His eyes searched Steve’s as if seeking something he couldn’t name—a hidden catch in his words, maybe. There was none. He had fallen in love with Steve all those centuries ago, and he’d fallen in love with him now. The visions had just linked those lives together.
“I am,” Steve answered without a beat, as though he’d just been waiting for Tony to ask. “You and me… we can be a good thing. No matter what happened before, we can make it better. I’m sure we can.”
“Sorry!” Tony blurted before he could help himself. He heaved a sigh of relief when he realized it only was a minor burn mark.
Bucky was looking at him with a strange expression. He’d just picked up another log, raising his axe to split it in half. “So, when are we doing this?”
At least, he knew Tony cared enough to want to put in the effort, but beyond that… Steve felt like there was more to this he wasn't quite able to read just yet. He snorted lightly at the thought of Tony trying to fuck him against the wall. No, that wouldn't work outside of the armor, and Steve wasn't much in the mood to bring that idea up just yet.
“Yeah, but I could now.”
Steve glanced back at Tony, who was slowly standing up and stretching his whole body.
“It’s that or answer my question, and I’m pretty sure you know what it’s going to be about.”
After another moment of awkward silence Barnes gave a weak smile. “Thank you,” he whispered.
, that was what the serious eyes were for.
“I won’t leave you!”
Throwing his shield into the far distance towards three of Klaue’s armed guards, Steve noticed a swift movement right behind him. It was the same sort of air blast that always preceded a punch right to the face. Pietro Maximoff—only this time, Steve saw him coming. He turned around while raising his hand to catch the shield in time, bringing it up and smashing it right into—
Steve liked his privacy, and he liked the idea of having Tony all to himself. It didn't exactly go as planned, sadly, but at least he'd tried.
And when his thumb began caressing the head of Tony’s cock with tantalizingly gentle strokes, Tony’s body quivered and his eyes were blazing with need. It was wonderful.
He didn’t remember his name.
Tony squeezed Steve’s hand. “Yeah. You all right?”
Without a beat, Natasha fisted the hem of her shirt and pulled it off her shoulders. He pulled the pants off her, letting them fall to the floor. Once his hand gripped the base of his cock he said, “The bra, too,” and started stroking. With calm fingers, she unhooked her bra and tossed it across the room. Her eyes were fixed on his hand as it moved up and down his shaft.
That was—that was just… Tony snorted. So much for planning to tell everyone to pull their punches. In the distance, he spotted Pietro ever-so-subtly dragging Peter out of the way before Clint’s arrow could hit him—though Tony was pretty sure it would’ve missed by a few inches, anyway. Bucky and Natasha were doing their weird martial arts-dance, but to Tony, it mostly looked like they were a second from making out. And whatever it was that Wanda and Vision were doing at the far end of the runway, it looked impressive, but they sure as hell weren’t fighting to kill.
He was a cop, dammit. He wasn’t supposed to go into shock that easily.
Steve sighed. “Yeah, fine.”
“It’s one of the few safe houses not listed on SHIELD’s servers,” Hill explained to Bruce, who’d cast her a disbelieving look upon inspecting the state of the room.
“I can try,” Steve replied on a low moan as Tony pulled both of their fingers out. Then he spread some more lube over Steve’s cock.
, and every time that happened, it brought new sorrow to Mister Stark’s eyes. It seemed there was never a time when his ghosts left him behind. Even Steve, who tried very hard to steer around the topic, would inevitably say something without thinking and force Mister Stark to relive the pain once again.
Barnes only regarded him briefly from where he sat hunched against the Jacuzzi. He didn’t look surprised at all and only turned around to once more look at his own reflection in the wall-mirror. The bionic arm was hanging limp at his side, there was a small cut on his cheek, and some light bruising on his human arm. He looked completely out of place in the luxurious bathroom. Steve had done his best to make the room a little less clean-cut and a bit more homey, but it hadn’t thoroughly eradicated the minimalistic atmosphere.
“Steve,” Tony said with raised brows. “Is something wrong?”
Lila beamed as she started to paint, and Steve forced a small smile to his lips. He leaned back a little, and let his eyes drift across the room once more.
Together, they walked into the kitchen. The way over was pointedly silent, and Tony kept shaking his head slightly, utterly confused.
So instead of answering, Tony handed him the phone, his expression unreadable.
Steve thought, feeling even worse about the whole thing.
He remembered wanting Steve that first day they’d met. Lusting after him, watching his muscled, attractive body as he’d chased his suspects, relishing in that earnest smile on his face and hardening beyond belief just at the sight of him. He’d known then, before even knowing Steve’s name, that he would be his greatest conquest.
The serenity in Tony seemed unreal. How could he snuggle so close so soon? But Steve didn’t want to question it. He felt warm and loved, and dwelling on it wouldn't do any good, would it? He patted Tony's head and closed his eyes, trying to let himself relax and sleep, but it was soon clear to him that sleep was no longer an option for tonight.
She murmured a bit, her eyes fluttering open. Nat had always been a light sleeper.
“Do you really think he cares about you?” Mister Hammer studied him for a minute. “Do you really think a man as rich and powerful as Anthony Stark cares about anyone but himself? Good God, boy. I thought you weren’t that stupid. The guy’s just lonely, and he’s known to flirt up women and men alike.”
Steve snatched the shield—and the remains of the Iron Man armor—, then came running towards Tony.
“He would know,” Barton said, grinning as he pointed a thumb in Agent Coulson’s direction. “He’s your biggest fan.”
“Stark’s inside him,” she told him. “In his head. I can feel it.”
Steve smiled. It was a small fragile thing, but there nevertheless. “A friend once told me: If you can’t fix it...”
Memories flooded Steve’s mind, laced with regret. He’d thought that those next weeks would be filled with love, laughter, and family, that he and Tony could finally have some days just for themselves. And he’d thought, foolishly, that he would have time to really try to grasp what having a kid would mean for him—and for them as a couple. It was a scary, huge commitment, and he simply hadn’t been sure if this was the kind of life he wanted. He’d decided to weigh all those pros and cons with Tony first, maybe to talk with Bucky about it, too, and instead, he was here, heading into yet another war. JARVIS was gone, maybe for good, and his husband was as far away from him since their first encounter years ago.
There was an endless moment of silence. Tony just stared at him, the wings twitching ever so slightly. Then, there was a wordless, agonized sound in Tony’s throat and kissed Steve again, almost painfully hard, over and over again, his mouth devouring Steve’s. And, oh, the taste of him, the feel of him, the long slides of that sinful, knowledgeable tongue against Steve’s. No one had ever kissed him like Tony, so passionately, his mouth so eloquent with everything that he was feeling. Tony kissed with his whole body, so focused on Steve that the whole world spun away and there was nothing left but them.
Behind them, Rhodey chuckled. “The lever next to your seat, Tones.”
Steve groaned at those words, an almost broken sound. He gripped Tony’s hips in a bruising grip. It was… maybe not the wisest thing, to immediately adhere to Tony’s lewd suggestions, but at the moment, the very primal urge to mark Tony as his own was too much to ignore.
In the far distance, Tony could see the Arts Faculty. It was already late afternoon, but the auditoriums were still lit, and Tony knew from a little hack into Steve’s schedule that he had classes on late Monday.
Rationally, he knew that to every battle, there were casualties. To save many, more often than not, a few had to die. It was horrific, it was brutal, but Steve had faced enough battles to know it was true. And he had accepted it and all the consequences that followed.
Still. Not being Iron Man hadn’t worked well for him in the past, and he wanted this. Wanted to be at Steve’s side for every part of the way. And for this, he could get around his insecurities.
“What?” Steve asked a bit dumbly. It was so strange that anyone would find him remotely attractive. It was then that he noticed that he was wearing his pyjama pants and a shirt that was admittedly way too tight for his new body. Still. It didn’t justify how hard that man was hitting on him. “This doesn’t make any sense. I shouldn’t be here.”
“You’re very welcome,” Tony’d said when Steve had thanked him, pressing a kiss against his temple. One of his hands had brushed over the soft fabric covering Steve’s back. “You’ve changed,” he’d commented.
Tony closed his eyes and said nothing.
Steve licked his lips and nodded. “Yes,” he said and straightened his back. He was a lot of things, but a coward wasn’t one of ‘em. “I understand that sixteen years is a long time, and I won’t expect anything from you. No one would wait this long for anybody, and I said things I shouldn’t have, last time we saw each other.” He took a deep breath. “I understand all that, but don’t try to tell yourself I would care for a
“Stark Industries is very much a family business,” he said.
It was the space he’d spent time with Indries the most, Steve figured. She’d been his muse, Stane had said. Of course Tony didn’t want to go there, being reminded of their happiest moments together.
Steve sighed, looking around. “Well, I hope we'll be friends. This sort of life is new to me, but… I want to make Tony happy, too.”
Pushing back that thought, Steve took a few more steps into the shop. "Busy as always, huh?" he spoke up, making his presence known.
“Okay…” Steve said, and there was that frown again. “You know, Tony, you’re being kinda vague for someone who’s from the future.”
“Let me,” he asked, and Tony nodded, pulling back his own hand so Steve could take his place.
“Tony, I—”
Their rhythm was in sync so perfectly, they moved against each other, pressing and pulling, clenching and rolling their hips, deep thrusts and circular pressure. The hoarse sounds that left Tony's lips and the slaps of their bodies rang loudly in the dark space, and Tony's fingers tightened their hold on Steve as his thrusts grew faster.
He couldn’t say anything, couldn’t move, couldn’t do anything but stare. He was stunned speechless, staring straight ahead and wrinkling his forehead as he tried to figure out what to say to that. What to
And yet, Tony felt all remaining strength slowly draining from him. Why had he ever thought he could do this on his own? Lifting up the blanket, he wrinkled his nose and fought off the rolling nausea that threatened to overcome him. Too little sleep, too little food, too little time.
He’d told him plenty stories about his team, but he knew with perfect clarity that he’d never used Bucky’s name. Of course, Tony had always had a way of knowing things, but… there was no possible way he could’ve known about Bucky. Right?
That's it guys! Thanks so much for your comments and thoughts on this, we loved each and every one of them.
blushing, but it was a close call. He couldn’t help laughing out loud, though, when he nearly lost his footing at the first goddamn step and Steve ended up almost carrying him to the gym’s toilets.
Tony walked up to him, wrapping his arms around Steve’s middle and leaning up on his toes.
It would take time, and that was fine. What Tony hadn’t expected, however, was Steve saying no. And yet, that was exactly what had happened.
“Not drunk.” Oh Jesus, Tony was reaching for the fastening on his own jeans now. “There’s lube, I bought lube… I have it… somewhere.”
It was an hour drive to the camping ground, and Steve knew Tony probably didn’t have his license all that long. The last time they’d talked, he’d been in the middle of his practice lessons. The RV itself was easy enough to drive, but its dimensions were a bit hard to grasp. The route, however, was simple enough, so Steve decided to let Tony take the wheel for once.
“We need to get him out,” Bruce told Steve. “Right now.”
Vision chuckled. He sat down on the couch next to Tony, and his gaze zoomed in on Ian. Ian’s big blue eyes were wide as they stared up at the strange red figure, and he giggled when Vision got so close that he could reach for his nose.
“Thanks,” Steve called into the comm, as he ran into the underbridge that’d lead him to the next deck—and the galley.
“If all of the students react that way things will get very awkward very fast,” Tony mumbled against his shoulder, rousing a small chuckle from Steve.
With a scrambling movement, Tony suddenly clung to the rails of the headboard with one hand, arching his upper body as his other hand reached for his leaking cock. And his breath left Steve in a rush when Tony tensed, his muscles tightening around him like a vice. Steve gasped against his face, then he just couldn’t take it anymore. Raising himself to his knees, he pistoned into Tony, all control lost, thrusting in all the way and just that little bit further, his hips twisting at the end of every stroke so that he hit every sweet spot in Tony’s body with every thrust.
“I know.” He curled his arm around Steve’s shoulder. “Some sleep will do us good.”
Tony’s eyes searched his face. “Did you get any rest at all?” He reached up to gently stroke the arm draped around him. “I know you were tired, that’s why I wanted you to have the bed…”
Instead of answering his question, a mean, spiteful grin took hold of Rumlow’s battered face.
Only the next moment did he understand what Tony was actually saying, which made his gaze snap back to him, this time his eyebrows were raised in clear surprise.
When Steve fell asleep that night, Tony already waited for him. The second he saw him standing in front of the door, he stood up from the bed. “Look, I’m sorry.”
“Are you alright?” he asked as Tony beckoned him closer.
Tony was gone. They’d really done it, they’d taken him away from Steve.
,” the man in front of Steve spat, confirming his suspicion that said man beneath that mask was indeed Rumlow. There was a white skull sluggishly painted on the black kevlar, and the eyes behind were full of wrath. “There you are, you son of a bitch. I’ve been waiting for this!”
Tony snorted, face-palming. “Yeah, thanks for that by the way.”
“I know,” Pepper said, her hand touching his arm, and kissed his cheek lightly. “Believe me, I know.”
“You, my lovely, trustworthy, honest-looking husband, are the perfect puppet,” Tony announced while pressing little kisses all over Steve’s face. “At least they will think so. They have no idea what a little calculating shit you can be. You’re our boss, anyway. And they will double over to affiliate with Captain America.”
“Well, forgive me my delusions. Understand that it has been a very long week.”
“Tony—” Steve tried.
So instead of going home, Tony sat in the stupid UN daycare room and fed Ian. A full stomach quieted him down for a little while, but after a few minutes, he started to cry again. So he changed him. He played with him. He bounced him on his knee.
“I’ll get the lube,” Tony said, leaning sideways and rummaging through his nightstand for a second before flicking the little bottle open.
“Months,” Tony corrected himself, as he busied himself with Steve’s belt buckle. “Or years. Let’s go with years.”
Tony shook his head heatedly. “I don’t need to be coddled, Steve. Got it?”
He wanted to… God, he wanted to
A few seconds ticked by, then Wanda nodded. “We would be honored, Captain.”
“Hammer is lonely.” Tony offered Steve a small, almost apologetic smile. “And I’m very jealous that he found you. That he can have you around each day, for as long as he wants.” He paused for a moment, cocking his head at Steve. “I can only stand the jealousy for so long. So I offer you a choice.”
“Steve?”
, but you would have if I hadn’t been there! Besides, letting someone beat you until you can’t defend yourself anymore isn’t exactly making me feel better.”
Tony settled on his side, trying to get comfortable. The motion caused a dull pain to itch through his abdomen, jostling every raw nerve that had made contact with that damn knife. A small groan edged through his lips, and he shook his head as if to urge the feeling away. He felt a lot more sober now, which explained the dull pain in his upper body, but the world was still somewhat woozy. “I’ve been better. Also been worse,” he settled on eventually.
, knowing each other inside out in a way so profound that even Steve had trouble comprehending.
She might just as well have kicked him in the gut. Silence settled between them, before Steve cleared his throat gruffly, and told her in a voice that was harsh with pain, “Whatever consequences there may have been, it was not your right to hide this from me.”
With that in mind, Tony took a deep breath and nodded. “All right. A quick hello won’t hurt, I guess. And I might as well take stock on everyone’s gear while I’m here. FRIDAY, deactivate blackout.”
She bent down to grab her jacket. “Hey, but there’s one benefit,” she called over on her way out of the gym. “You get to meet Stark. That’s something even he can’t ignore. So maybe you can ask him yourself why he won’t be of help.”
“He’s right about that one,” Bucky agreed, because Bucky was Tony’s
Tony nodded his head politely. “Thanks, I had a… good time here. I appreciated the freedom to work on my own projects. And Dr. Banner was a huge help from the start. You should really give him a raise.”
to find some sort of middle ground before showing it to you, I—”
A sigh tore through her lips. “It’s… I changed. People change you,” she admitted and her eyes darted to the clock on the other side of the room. She made to stand up then, and Bucky only barely caught her around the waist, pulling her back. He coaxed her to lie down on top of him, disentangling his legs from the bed sheets.
“Will you marry me and be my cook?” Tony asked from where he was sitting down at the dinner table. T’Challa had at one point joined them, and Bucky watched as he talked to Ian, who was hanging in Nat’s arms, with a low soothing voice.
A tiny shiver snaked its way through Tony. He
Tony smiled. “Not quite. But close enough.”
“I’ll explain later,” Steve offered with a small smile, just as Tony’s eyes turned back to their normal color. “It’s… complicated.”
Tony looked up and turned, a small smile on his face. He reached out to him, and once Steve stood at his side, he took one of his hands, squeezing it lightly. “Look,” he said, nodding at the paper.
“Promise we’ll get him out. That we’ll get them
Nothing.
Ross stiffened at the mention of his past transgression. “Three days, gentlemen,” he said, ignoring Pietro completely. “Miss Romanov. Miss Maximoff.”
, the Eye had called him. Damn right he was going to be selfish. Oh, he’d try to keep the team together, sure. But he was through worrying about other people’s opinions. This time he was going to have what he wanted. This time things were going to go his way.
He could basically hear Rhodey roll his eyes and grinned at him extra-brightly when he sat down on the other couch. He bounced Ian on his knees, laughing with him as he giggled even more.
“Seems they want to make federal employees out of you,” Fury talked right over him, his tone neutral. “How’s that feeling?”
Steve frowned, opening his mouth, then closing it again.
With the Hulk’s help, every confrontation became sloppier, and though there was a sizable part of him enjoying the thrill, it was damn difficult to avoid hurting someone.
didn’t need the reminder. With that, he stood up from the bar stool, eyeing the room in search for…
“I have toast,” Tony announced, leading him to the veranda. “And coffee.”
Granted, he hadn’t exactly told Steve that he’d visit today. After Pepper had cancelled all of his meetings, he’d called Iron Man to him and opted to surprise his husband.
He was undeniably the most frightening person Steve had ever seen.
Clint was leaning against the arm of the other sofa, his feet propped on the edge of the coffee table. Beside him, Natasha just wrote something down into some magazine. Her eyes, however, were drawn to the television and staring raptly at what looked a lot like a Monty Python movie.
With that in mind, Steve grabbed his bag and made to say goodbye to his teammates, and only about an hour later, he left the mansion behind.
Steve smiled. “I told Fury I had to go care for my wounded fiancé.”
* * *
“He didn’t even know he was in there,” Tony added, sounding very much like a proud father, “until I pieced him together. Well, and now… we have a body in need of a pilot.”
TS 2:04 P.M.>Why is this so difficult? I know I’m hiding it with my dashing looks, but I’m really a puddle of unhappiness right now
“That’ll be 15 Million dollars,” Tony said, his voice deadpan.
“Stark-Rogers,” Tony said, raising his chin.
. What if this thing drags me to another past life? I can’t go through that again." He swore, letting himself meet Tony's gaze. "It's so vivid… How worried I was when I… when Stephanus…"
"If you don't want to sleep it off, at least drink some water and give it an hour before you go into the lab," Steve said, and he really thought it was a reasonable offer.
Tony smiled, and Steve had a feeling he and JARVIS had been talking a lot in their minds in the last hour. Ever since Tony had been induced with Extremis, Steve had been a tiny bit jealous of their intimate connection, but he thought he understood now. There was a space in Tony’s genius mind Steve couldn’t reach, and that had been alright, because JARVIS could. He’d been Tony’s friend, and his main purpose had always been to protect his maker.
He nodded to the comrade at his side. “Признай их смерть,” he ordered.
“Uh, sure…” Tony said, thinking hard. Steve couldn’t possibly be talking about them fighting Ultron in Sokovia, because if he did, it was all too late already. The chain reaction had already started.
and wasn’t that… it was odd. No one had tried anything since Steve had effectively put an ‘off the market’ stamp on his forehead.
Tony hummed in understanding, not sure if he should press any further. Steve wouldn’t appreciate it if Tony talked Sam into what they
goddamn minutes ago, he wouldn’t be in this giant mess now.
Not convinced that Tony's attack was truly over yet, Steve nodded his head with a small huff. "It beats most of my previous dates," he said, and it was true.
“Let me down, daddy!” she yelled, though she was really more laughing, her little body swaying from side to side as the two of them walked up the stairs.
Tony shifted in his seat, his grip on Steve’s knee becoming a bit tight for a moment. “Yes, it was.”
. I want you.”
“False alarm,” Bucky told him on a low exhale. “I didn’t have an attack, not really, we just… and I…” He groaned in annoyance and let his gaze drop to the ground.
A manic chuckle left Tony’s lips. “I need more than that, damn it, Nat. It was a
“That you know me so well. That we’re really…
“What will happen with James Barnes?” Natasha asked.
"Oh my God," Steve exclaimed on a laugh, wrapping his arms around Tony's waist. "Definitely none of that. Use my actual name. That'll work just fine." He tightened his hold on Tony for a moment, burying his face in Tony's hair.
, no matter how painstakingly clear the evidence had been at times, Steve had somehow always found a way to pass it all as jokes, delusions—or just strange coincidences.
Overnight, he’d become…
