Turning your head comes with great effort and you realize just how stiff all your joints feel. Maybe just the effects of aging or maybe you’ve been out for longer than your realize. You see the blonde hair first. He’s pulled up as close to the hospital bed as his knees will allow. His arms are crossed on the bed rail with his head resting on them. He can’t possibly be comfortable but exhaustion seems to have won out.
“You make me happy when skies are grey...”
It’s harder to get that last line out. Breathing is becoming more and more difficult. You can feel each breath getting harder, the panic begins to set in as this realization hit. This could be it. You try to memorize every part of his face. You don’t want to go but if this is your last view, at least it’s a nice one.  But before you go, you have to get it out.  It isn’t fair, it’s cruel really but you can’t help yourself. You’ve always been a little selfish.
"I'm always up for modeling, if you're interested." Tony said with a suggestive quirk of his eyebrows.
The day you met to the day you fell from the sky to the day you realized you fell for him to your coffee dates that weren’t really dates to movie nights with the team to every insignificant and casual conversation you’ve ever had. You see it all. And then...nothing.
“I honestly, don’t know what your talking about, Mr. Stark.”
Steve sat on the couch in Tony's workshop, idly drawing in his sketch book as the brunette promised him that he would only be five more minutes, for the sixth time. The genius finally flopped down next to him, putting his head on the blonde's broad shoulder and sighing softly.
You push a sweaty strand of hair away from his eyes. They’re a little farther way, a little glassy. It’s only been a few minutes since the call was placed. Realistically, you know that. But it feels like it’s been hours of waiting. With what seems like the last of the strength he has, he reaches that blood stained hand to your face and brushes away a tear you hadn’t even realized was there. You feel the smear of warm blood he leaves across your cheek.
There’s no room for you but they shout which hospital they’ll take him to. The door close abruptly in your face and you lay a hand on them, just before they speed down the road.
He dragged himself from the comfort of his bed and took a quick shower before making his way to the closet. There wasn’t much sense in browsing too long, it was just a rack of clothing in shades of black, white and grey. Pepper had taken on the organization of his clothes when she had been his personal assistant and even though she no longer held that title, his clothes still came back from the cleaners packaged into individual matching suits, right down to the tie and socks. He grabbed the first one from the rack and dressed quickly.
And then it happens. So fast. The ambulance is there. They sweep him away from you. Place him on a stretcher, start CPR, attend to his wounds the best they can. They start to leave with him and only then do you find your feet. Jumping to follow as they wheel him to the waiting vehicle.
There was a time he thought that maybe he and Pepper could mkke it work. They were both in their late 30’s when he had hired her as his personal assistant. It wasn’t particularly uncommon to be unbonded at that age, there were a lot of people in the world after all, many people didn’t ever get to meet their soulmate. Their friendship grew quickly and after he made it back from Afghanistan, he told her he loved her. Because he did but also cause after thinking he was going to die, he didn’t want to lose her. It was called “settling” and was a fairly common thing, if you couldn’t find your soulmate, it didn’t mean you had to be alone forever after all. So, they had tried it out and they were happy for the most part. Tony worked too much and wasn’t always the most considerate partner but she knew he loved her and she him. It was also nice to have someone to wake up with and someone to come home to, even if it wasn’t with your destined “perfect” match.
"Seems too easy but I'll take the bait. Shoot."
You repeat it over and over again as you watch the ambulance fade into the horizon.
“I love you, too.” Its said in a rush, the words stumbling over each other and he’s squeezing your hand, just a tad painfully. But the look in his eyes makes it all worth it, the blinding grin that stretches across his perfect lips. Lips that you imagine you might get to kiss sometime very soon. You return his hopeful smile.
“How long?” You manage to croak our although you know now it was much more than just a couple hours.
Now he just smiles and shakes his head at you, possibly fondly even. You match his steps and you walk out the doors, side by side.
But he knew she longed to find her true soulmate. He didn’t blame her. Who wouldn’t want to live in a world of color? Especially after a lifetime of shades of grey. Tony had long given up on ever finding his match but he knew Pepper hadn’t, not really. She loved him as much as she could but he knew she would leave if she found the one.
"Says the guy whos been drawing dirty pictures. Man, maybe I really have corrupted you." Steve let out an exasperated sigh as he began to walk out of the workshop, Tony still laughing as he quickened his steps to catch up.
He reaches his blood stained hand out to you. What else is there to do? You take it.
You internally wince because of course you do but you had hoped he would give you a pass and not bring it up. No such luck.
His tone is joking but he sputters after he says this and coughs up a little blood. What the fuck is taking the ambulance so long? You probably could have ran him to the hospital by now.
But you never hit the ground because strong arms scoop you up and you’re being dragged back through the door you just exited. You imagine it must take a lot of effort for someone as strong as him to handle you so gently.
“Ok Stark, maybe you could give the Director a chance to fully explain the situation without interruption. Just for a few minutes.” The rest of Tony’s sentence died on his tongue and the look he pointed in Steve’s direction was pure disdain but Fury looked grateful. Steve ignored the glare that was burning into the side of his face as he turned his attention to the director.
You have a moment to register the complete shock on his handsome face before everything begins to grey out. It feels like falling, like everything is getting farther and farther away.
Tony, on the other end of the spectrum, barely shut up. He would let Fury start but it wasn’t long before he was interjecting again, over and over. Steve could tell the man was losing patience with the motor mouth and truth be told, he was as well.
“Want me to sing you a song?”
“You died, Tony! I think I’m allowed to curse once or twice.”
The rest of the room cleared out, leaving just the two of them. Pepper crossed her arms and looked at him.
“Oh, so living up to the mantle of Captain then?” Tony replied with a mock salute, Steve looked at him, stone faced. “Whatever. Doesn’t matter. Not what I wanted to talk with you about anyway. So, I guess you’re my soulmate.”
Steve didn’t bother to hide his disdain now, shaking his head softly. Steve knew he was wrong, soulmates were important, they were your perfect match, made for you. Although he had to admit this match was a little- unusual. Not to mention he wasn’t exactly upset by Tony not being his soulmate, not if this was his normal shtick. But still, he was Tony’s and he had hoped they would at least be able to be friends, that thought was dissipating quickly.
“You did.”
“I’m sorry.” The super soldier said quietly and he did truly sound sorry, “No, I don’t.”
It was a little thing, sure, but Steve couldn't deny the warmth he felt as Tony pressed himself even closer, letting his head fall on Steve's shoulder. And if that was the moment he decided he was head over heels, irrevocably, undeniably in love with the man holding his hand then it was as good an moment as any.
“Well, shit, I died.” He looks at you. “If you can use my dying as an excuse to cuss then I sure the fuck can too.”
“Someone had to stop you or we would have been here all day. It’s not personal, Stark, just wanted to bring some order in.”
No, what he really wanted was to see color. And to do that he had to find his soulmate or use his brain to find another solution. He’d been working on some version of it for the past 20 years and was no closer than when he started. But if there was one thing Tony Stark wasn’t, it was a quitter. Even if maybe he should be.
“You make me happy when skies are grey...”
“Whatcha doing?” Bruce asked casually and Tony jumped in the air.
“What?” Steve asked, only slightly too defensively. Tony only seemed to shake himself out of whatever trance he was in at the sound of Steve’s voice.
Steve retrieved the sketchbook that had been set aside moments ago and flipped through the pages before he found what he was looking for. He placed the book in Tony's hands and watched as a look of realization settled over the smaller man's face. Tony looked the pages of sketches of just his hands, holding various tools, wrapped around a mug of coffee, covered in the gauntlet, working the holographic screens. Pages and pages of them. And they weren't perfect, Steve had drawn the scars and burns, the band aides and the cuts but somehow they didn't look so bad in ink. After a moment, Steve placed the book in Tony's lap and recaptured his hands, holding them to his own face, turning his head to place a kiss to each palm.
Your voice is weak even to your own ears. But you notice that he does seem to calm some as you begin and that’s all the motivation you need to continue.
“I died.”
A plea. A quiet prayer to anyone or anything that may be listening. Don’t let this be your last moment with him. Don’t let him go without him knowing.
“Ok guys, maybe save something for meeting number two.” Bruce said as he  tried and failed to ease the tension in the room, neither man backed down so he pressed on Tony’s chest until he backed up a step. “It was nice to meet you, Captain sir..uh, America...we’ll catch ya at the next assemble...”
His eyes go wide when you say this and you realize then just how ridiculous it must seem. You trying to comfort him while you’re literally bleeding out on the floor of the lobby of the building you own. It’s ironic really, all the security that money could buy, take a step out the door and get mowed down.
You can’t help but smile a little because he’s completely focused on you. It’s intense and a little too much. Because the way he’s looking at you makes that familiar longing come straight to the surface. That pining feeling you’re usually so successful in shoving  deep down inside, pushing right up against your skin, begging to be released.
“Six days.” He answers quickly, “It was touch and go at first. They did two surgeries. You died, Tony. You died for 4 minutes.” He’s quiet for a minute and turns his head, why, you’re not sure. He looks back after a moment.
"I will. On one condition, you have to answer a question."
He looked up as a well dressed man entered with a slightly disheveled man and Phil Coulson. Introductions were made and Steve found himself slipping back into the familiar role of Captain America with more ease than he thought he would be able to.
You hear the shots before you feel them. One, two, three. The air punched out of your lungs in an instant. It takes a moment before realization hits, another second before you look down. And then you see your chest blooming bright red. The coffee cup slips from your fingers and you feel yourself begin to fall.
“I’m sorry Pep. It was another long night but I think I’m making some headway on the new OS for the StarkPhone. That should get me a few brownie points, right?”
"Ok! That's enough!" Steve's face turning red as he successfully got the book back in his possession.
“You are my sunshine...”
“I do, you know. I love you, Steve.”
"It's not that I don't want to hold your hand, it's just, I know holding my hand isn't that pleasant. I've been told so in the past. I mean, Pepper wasn't mean about it but she always said my hands were too rough. And I try to moisturize but honestly, it doesn't do much good. It's just part of my work, you know. If I'm not burning them on the soldering iron, I'm cutting them on some tool and they're always rough, the calluses don't ever really go away." He trailed off with a shrug. Steve didn't waste a moment, taking Tony's hands in his own.
You’re used to it by now. It used to make you bristle, the way he never seemed to be appreciative of anything. You know better now. He says thank you in other ways. Not in words but in gestures. You're used to his casual sarcasm and constant joking and sometimes you even laugh along. So you smile and shake your head and walk out the door, side by side.
“Arrogant. Brash. Egotistical. Your father was a little less condescending and abrasive but you definitely remind me of him none the less.”
“My only sunshine...”
The next morning, Steve stood by the kitchen counter, placing bread in the toaster and starting a pot of coffee. Tony shuffled in, rubbing the sleep from his eyes, still clad in pajamas. He stood by the blonde's side before tentatively slipping his hand into Steve's larger one and squeezing lightly. Steve grinned at him brightly before squeezing back.
Tony had worked alone since he began moonlighting as Ironman and he liked it that way. No one to protect or worry about, and more importantly no one to tell him what to do.
And Steve had intended to ask him but there never seemed to be a good time. With everything else going to well, it seemed like such a silly thing to dwell on so he let it slide, choosing to wait until the right opportunity presented itself.
It’s another few minutes before everything comes back. It doesn’t rush in but rather slowly filters back into the forefront of your mind.  You remember your hands brushing as he passed you the coffee he brought you. You remember it was the good kind, from your favorite coffee shop. You also remember you never got to take a sip.
And the potential teammates? A alien God, an archer/spy/assassin and a American Icon who had apparently been frozen for the past 70 years? This had disaster written all over it.
"Tony, I love your hands!" Steve exclaimed as Tony gave him a disbelieving scowl, "I swear I do, wait, I'll show you."
“I do, you know. I love you, Steve.”
“I guess I am.” Steve’s voice wasn’t cold but it wasn’t overly friendly either, didn’t stop the genius either way.
“Just one more thing. Don’t ever compare me to my father. He wished to be half as good at anything as I am.” Before Steve could respond, he was exiting the room, “God rest his soul.” He tossed over his shoulder, sarcastically, before leaving the room completely with Bruce at his heels.
“You remind me of your father.” It was said quietly, under his breath really but the tension in the room ramped up dramatically, it was almost as if you could see Tony’s hackles raise.
Bruce found Tony in the lab hours later, stooped over his work station, lost in his work. He held what appeared to be a regular pair of sunglasses in his hand and was tinkering in something embedded in the arm of the glasses.
You hear his voice as he shouts instructions to the people milling around. Full Cap mode is what you would normally call it. You let your eyes close for a moment and try to focus on just his voice and not on how panicked he sounds. And then you hear him crouch down beside you so you force yourself to open your eyes and try to focus on him.
This is said, not sung and once again, you can’t speak. The words are followed by a gasp and then...nothing. Silence. Desperate, utter, heartbreaking silence.
“I mean, I might have told you I loved you.” His eyes meet yours again and your mouth goes dry but it’s unclear if it’s because of the sore throat or the intensity of his stare.
And then he’s laughing and you are too. It starts a little too loud, a little too manic but it slows quickly into a quiet chuckle and then silence.
He shook hands with the them, as formal introductions were made, one by one. First a quiet Clint Barton, than large and loud Thor Odinson, followed by the nervous looking Bruce Banner, stoic Natasha Romanoff and finally he reached his hand out to the one and only, Tony Stark.
You could lie. You’re a very good liar. You’ve had years of practice. A lifetime of denying feelings or making them up to get what you want. But his bright, azure eyes are so open and pleading, you’re not sure you could lie, even if you wanted to.
“Oh,Tony!” If the relief weren’t evident in his voice, it’s written all over his scruffy face. You infer that it’s been days since he’s shaved.
***************************************************************************************************************************************************
Tony and Pepper had been dating for a few months when his driver and friend, Happy, had helped her into the car and placed a casual hand on her elbow. And that was it. Tony knew the moment they looked at each other that something had changed. He should have been more concerned but all he could really think was how he couldn’t believe that had never touched in all the time they knew each other. Odd, really.
“Sorry, Tony. What ya working on?” He asked gesturing to the glasses in his hand.
"I take it back. I don't want to hold you hand, ever. You heathen."
“Of first of all, who the fuck do you think you are? Do you think just because your Captain fucking America you’ve earned my respect? I don’t know you from Adam and from what I’ve seen, I’m not impressed. The history books really painted a different picture. You don’t know a damn thing about me or the world. So, it’s time for your real wake up call. You’ve been in hibernation for 70 fucking years, things were bound to change. So get with the times or get out of the way. Cause honestly, I think the team would be just fine with or without you, grandpa. And another thing-“
You drag him back into the building you just walked out of. Blood is already soaking his three piece suit, Tom Ford he was careful to remind you as you handed him a coffee just minutes ago. The cup is on the ground outside now, it’s contents mingling with the blood he left there. Scarlett red and espresso brown swirling down the drains of the New York City streets.
it said in neat cursive.
“No. No hitches at all, Mr. Secretary,” Agent Sitwell was saying. The elevator doors opened, and Steve saw himself step on.
“Your turn,” Steve prompted, and Tasha came awake again. She made a small sound against Steve’s chest.
The door was gone.
“Ah. The penthouse is trashed, yes. What about the guest floor, is that doing all right?“
“And is there any way that could have been triggered from the outside?” Steve asked.
“Time,” he croaks, and JARVIS responds immediately.
Natasha leaned away, staring at him, and Steve felt his ears heat.
Tony had his sketchbook, open on the drawing of his robot—and him.
The human came outside and took pictures of Tony, its weird fleshy face gleaming with pleasure. Rhodey and Pepper both agreed it was the most spectacular bloom they’d ever seen from Tony.
“It’s—“ Tony starts, and his throat sticks again. He clears it. “It’s Steve,” he says finally.
“Several?” he guessed. “Is this the ‘sulking in a corner’ conversation or…”
“Does nothing,” she confirmed. “The only thing that even inconveniences it is the wind, and that hardly.”
do that. I don’t—no, don’t interrupt me—I know it would make your life easier. I don’t care. You should have been on this a week ago. Either fix it yourself or hand it over to Atwal.” And she hangs up.
“Yeah, the cherry flavoring is a lie,” Tony says, mouth twitching upwards. “Sorry.”
“Tony?” Steve says, and Tony steps out of the elevator. “You—is that the cat?”
Your fate or my defeat
Even this brat wilted under Captain America’s disapproval. “Some guy gave it to me. None of your business,” he muttered.
Steve blew out a breath. “You guys coulda told me I’m that annoying,” he said, coming to stand next to Tony.
“What do you mean?” Natasha looked up at him, smiling a little bemusedly. “I've loved you for years.”
“He snuck off with Tony, didn’t he?” Rhodey asked in a resigned sort of way.
“I was thinking,” Tony smiled sweetly. “Would you like to get dinner with me sometime?”
“Doesn’t have to be a class, more like… a club. No grades. No authority. We could maybe get Tommy involved on that last aspect alone.”
Steve cleared his throat. “Mr. Stark?”
Maybe he hadn’t upset him. Maybe he was imagining it. Steve quickened his steps a little so that he was walking next to Iron Man instead of behind him, and turned to give his Shellhead a friendly smile.
“Thor made it, so it’s probably literally magical,” Tony says, and snuggles closer to Steve, tugging at the electric blanket.
“Come on, Cap,” Giant Girl said. “Let’s head back your way.”
“We’re not always…” Steve trailed off, thinking.
“Well, I guess I can’t complain,” Steve said, scratching the back of his head. “We’re gonna make a shelter somewhere very happy.”
, when Steve is
“Can’t believe this,” Natasha muttered again. “Those agents on Loki are getting the reprimanding of their lives. They could have secured the Tesseract if they’d been paying attention, and instead no one even noticed Loki was gone with it until Thor said something.”
Steve put a finger on the top of the tablet and pushed it down, gently, until he could see Tony’s unimpressed face.
“Yeah, so just to be safe, no one give Steve any hot chocolate tonight,” Tony announced. From the floor, Steve paused his grooming of Janet’s hair to snort loudly.
Steve’s hand grabbed his, the one still resting on Steve’s jaw, and their fingers laced. “I love you too, Tony,” Steve said, his voice quiet, a little hoarse. “Look at me.”
Stark’s phone responded— a voice with cool, electronic tones. “Indeed. I’ve taken the liberty of purchasing all the remaining food items from the restaurant that caught your eye earlier. The owners would like to know where they should direct their delivery people.”
Tony’s free hand is up at his chest, tapping nervously. He has maybe eight months—at least five of them good, optimistically, and he wonders how long he should try to push it.
Ororo shook her head, grimacing helplessly. “I don’t know,” she said.
“Tony,” Steve says waveringly, and then clenches his eyes shut and takes several gasping breaths. “Oh god,” he moans, and tears start to come, and Steve gulps at the air, shuddering. His breath takes on a distinct wheeze.
“Because it has to,” the other Rogers said flatly. “Besides, we’ve already changed things here.”
“Spidey says that you and Shellhead are together. I told him my nose would have noticed if you were.”
“What? No,” Iron Man denied, but Steve saw the way the joints of the armor had hesitated between steps, a full-body flinch hidden by the armor’s bulk.
“He said ‘Hail Hydra,’” Steve said. “They’re Hydra. That’s what Hydra says. They handed him the scepter because they’re Hydra.”
“He wanted to see the Louvre!”
“Well, I haven’t been time-traveling for lunch.”
“And then, aglow with righteous fury, the Lady Sif approached the knave with the goat in tow, and tossed the beast into the man’s bed, which went as well for him as you might imagine—“ Thor stopped to drink something brown and alcoholic, which he downed like it was Gatorade, and to let his audience chuckle.
“Good luck,” Rogers said. He stepped back, messed with something on his wrist, and vanished.
“You ever had shawarma, Mrs. Smith? You seem like a worldly type.” Stark whipped out a phone.
Natasha hums. “Your gut probably knows Tony better than I ever have,” she says. “If you think something’s wrong, it probably is.”
“Tony, do what?” Steve asks, his heart going too-fast in his chest. “Do you not want to be with me anymore? Because I have never wanted to be anywhere else when I’m with you, I—“ Steve’s face is flaming, ears red hot, but he has to say this. He can’t let Tony think he’s anything less than sincere. “Tony, I am so in love with you. When I’m at your side, I feel like the person I was meant to be. Together, me and you— we’re something more than what we were built to be.”
“Yeah, and they like you, GG,” Spider-Man said, yanking a tentacle away from Bruce with his web shooter.
It apparently recognizes a friendly face—or at least the turkey wrap—because it beelines straight for Tony, leaping into his lap with nary a “how do you do” and trying to snag a bite of Tony’s wrap.
“So is this what you’ve been stewing over all this time?” Steve asks, feeling a swell of hope. “Not that it wasn’t a legitimate reason to be upset, because it was, but I was afraid you secretly had brain cancer.”
“Sir, you have a call from Miss Potts,” JARVIS says.
“What?” Steve says dumbly.
“I'm sorry you never got to do that,” she said. Steve’s arms came up around her, warm and gentle. The pain in her ribs ebbed, slowly.
“Normally I’d agree, but the Mall of America is like 90 acres,” Iron Man said. “Anything could be happening to the people that were in the Mall when it vanished-- that’s over 100,000 people we need to account for, and those are early estimates.”
“But try and stay back from the fight unless it’s really dire,” Storm advised, taking the lead through the entrance as they all walked into the dark.
It was true— the creepers didn’t hurt. Steve had a light touch, and the curl of his leafstalks around Tony’s stems was gentle, even tender, sweetly wrapped around the wicked curve of Tony’s thorns.
“JARVIS?” he asked, looking up at the elevator’s camera.
“JARVIS, it’s me,” Steve frowned. “What do you —”
Tony twitches involuntarily as Steve digs his thumb into a particularly tender spot, and Steve gentles his movements immediately, soothing at the area and working on it more slowly.
Last year Pepper dressed him as Santa Claus, complete with a pot belly, Santa hat and beard.
“We need to get flea medication,” Tony blurts. “And get it groomed—“
“A man after my own heart,” Tony says. “JARVIS, put on something fun. Preferably with explosions.”
“I’m taking a teaching position,” Steve replied, and had to stop moving as the girl whirled around to stare at him with enormous eyes.
“Hold on hold on hold on,” Spidey chanted, webbing up a handhold for the Hulk. He smacked into it with a very disgruntled splat, and immediately started pounding the wall next to him with his massive fists.
The road is a lonely place.
“Alright, we’re set up and good to go. Fury’s going to release the helicarrier footage to us at a later date, so for right now it’s just what JARVIS has been able to compile from OTS footage and the Tower’s own surveillance systems,” Stark explained, walking in from the kitchen and gesturing one-handed at the screen array in front of them. “And I brought popcorn.”
“Steve.”
“That’s perfect. It wouldn’t be a learning experience otherwise,” Tony grinned, looking exactly like he did when he said ‘watch this’ to his class before doing something that made the students shout and laugh. “How does Friday sound?”
She’d pinned Steve to go over 1,002 selections of the best photos of them together from candids, formal events, and paparazzi shots— with the daunting task of selecting his favorites.
“I can never decide if you sound more like a drill sergeant or someone’s mother when you use that voice,” Natasha complains.
Steve’s ears burned. Obediently, he turned toward where Tasha was holding court, surrounded by an enraptured audience. Her dress was simple: stark white, so that her skin seemed to glow and the few dark tendrils of hair artfully loose from her updo looked dark and lush in contrast. The sleeves were long and off-shoulder, baring tantalizing stretches of smooth tanned skin, and when she turned a little, the low-cut back exposed the toned expanse of her shoulders and lower back.
“Iron Man has an identity to protect,” Bruce said. “And it’s not like they don’t know about your powers. Maybe they’ve taken precautions against your… sniffer.”
Everyone shared a look. “Loki,” they said all at once.
“Sounds like magic,” Spidey said.
Steve had gone very still beside him, but Tony could feel the edge of his chin against his forehead. He was pretty sure that Steve was staring at him.
“I can’t help it. I love you, Tony, of course I’m going to worry—“
“Sorry, that’s Tommy,” a brown-haired teenage girl said from his left. “He’s high energy.”
“Thank you for coming, Avengers,” a woman in SHIELD gear greeted them, reaching out to shake Storm’s hand, then Cap’s. “As you can see, this is a little beyond SHIELD’s paygrade.”
feel like he had to punch something or else the red-hot wounded thing underneath his skin would come tearing its way out of him. That was progress—the nice therapist SHIELD assigned him to said so.
“A door?” Steve repeated, baffled.
“Thank you, Sir,” JARVIS says. “I believe your new friend is shedding on your bespoke suit.”
He inhaled deeply, setting his shoulders. One dance. He could ask for this.
“Oh, sure! What’s the appointment for?” the girl asked. She led him across the atrium.
Steve let the shield loose, aiming it to go through the minotaur with three different ricochets. It stamped its feet each time the shield passed through, but seemed most infuriated by the clang of the vibranium on the labyrinth walls.
Tony can’t speak. Everything is frozen and heavy in his stomach because he’s ruined everything, he’s ruined their stupid vacation and Steve
Sitting up made the wound throb harshly, and Natasha hissed through her teeth as she settled gingerly against the headboard.
Tony’s smile as he retreats is a little weak, he knows, but hopefully Steve will excuse that as stress as well. And Tony— Tony is just so confused.
“Pepper, do you want a cat?” Tony asks, and Pepper holds up a finger.
Steve’s ears burned. “I know it’s inappropriate, and, well, obviously unwelcome. I shouldn’t have tried asking him out anyway. God knows he’s out of my league.”
Pepper holds up a hand. “I’m sure somebody will be happy to give this cat a home, Tony. Why don’t you go pick it up, and see if one of the engineers wants it?”
He steals another glance at Steve. “I’m glad you came with me,” he admits lowly. “It was a stupid idea, I know, but I’ve never been on a road trip before. And I just wanted to spend some time with you and I figured the road was a good place to… to be healthy. Recharge our batteries.
“Ah, I’m afraid not, little blue,” Tony says gently, easing the cat upward. It stares up at him, unimpressed, and Tony reaches over beside him to unlock the new pet carrier he’d brought with him.
Tony grabbed Steve’s hands and held them up to his chest, staring at Steve with his eyes blue and honest. “Steve,” he said. “You are the love of my life. I would die for you–”
Tony gave him a sulky look.
In the labyrinth we meet
“Maybe,” Tony shrugged, closing his eyes as he tucked his head against Steve’s. “Maybe I’ll blackmail you for favors. Sexy, sexy favors.”
Iron Man didn’t let up. The attack increased in pitch and intensity until Storm and Giant Girl also covered their ears, pressed back against the door of the storm room. Finally, blessedly, the noise became so high-pitched that it passed out of the human range of hearing, and the minotaur dissipated with a final spectral roar.
Storm cleared her throat. Everyone looked toward her, and she nodded at the path ahead. “There’s a three-way split ahead. It seems we can try all three.”
“I don’t know what to think,” Steve said, frowning. “You let me gush about you to yourself-- I suppose there wasn’t a good way for you to say no when I didn’t even know it was you-- and, of course, I’ve made you reject me twice,” Steve groaned. “Jeez. I really am sorry, Shellhead.”
He’d never wondered if Natasha had loved him as he had her, quietly and for years — it seemed indulgent and a little silly. Natasha wasn’t one to pine or hesitate, much less over
He groaned. “So you all thought we were… knocking boots.”
It passes, finally, and he draws in breath on a slow, painful wheeze. He droops back into his pillow, every inch of him exhausted and leaden and aching.
The last commercial fades out and the movie finally starts playing. Steve doesn’t open his eyes, just listens to the dialogue and the sound of Tony’s breathing. Tony’s hand slides up his back and comes to a rest on the back of his head, stroking gently back and forth through his hair.
Prize in the middle
Steve shakes his head. “Let me guess,” he says dryly. “Is he passed out on the couch?”
“Cap, you’re still shivering,” Iron Man hovered, concerned. “Are you sure--”
Kamala, from the first day, was a quick study, if overeager to the point of clumsiness. Eventually she stopped squeaking every time he spoke to her.
“Yes.” Tony agreed, grinning. He reached out and squeezed Steve’s hand briefly. “But second of all, me? Are you sure you’re not thinking of the Tony that did something really noble and self-sacrificing and died a hero?”
Tony waved a hand dismissively. “Yes, yes, who do you take me for? Of course I did. It’s fine, it’s great, except for the fact that I cannot decorate these cookies and I need your help, Steve.”
But his right hand was linked with Steve’s, their fingers intertwined and resting on Steve’s thigh. Tony's thumb stroked quietly against his skin, a small, unconscious sort of movement.
“What’s that?”
The footage of the lobby was still rolling, but the main players were gone: now there were just SHIELD agents, scrambling to set up a perimeter and secure the things they lost.
“Thank you,” Tony said.
Rhodey put out blooms as well, surprisingly small and delicate, considering how big Tony knew they would be eventually. Up by the mailbox, Tony could see the tell-tale yellow blobs that meant Happy was putting his own show on. Everything was green around him except for Steve, limp and brown in the cradle of Tony’s branches.
“You’re right about that,” Iron Man admitted. “But Tony Stark is not out of your league.”
The cat meows loudly, startling a nearby bird into flight. Tony snorts.
Tony stiffens, sits up. “Hey, Rhodes,” he says, as blandly as possible.
“Wait-- can you smell who Iron Man is?” Bruce asked.
“We should call the others back,” Tony said. “Figure out how we’re gonna expose Hydra without, you know, massive amounts of death and betrayal.”
Stark had his hand in his face, rubbing at the bridge of his nose. Steve just tilted his head back, letting the bag of frozen lima beans slip from the cut on his forehead to cover his eyes.
“Yes, which is why we should have adopted an android baby,” Tony says.
“So what went wrong?”
“You poor thing,” he coos, and eases to his feet cautiously.
“Morning,” he mumbled, and gently disentangled their bodies so that he could indulge in a long, satisfactory stretch.
Iron Man kept the line on the way back into the storm room, which Steve was dreading with a crawling sort of tension. The minotaur, although formidable, was certainly not terribly intelligent, and never seemed to figure out Iron Man’s maneuvers.
A baby? He mouthed incredulously to himself, flipping to the article.
It didn’t even shudder. Iron Man made a wordless sound that might have been a snarl under the suit’s vocal filter and fired missiles at the wall instead.
Tony looked up. “And?”
Steve snorted. Clearly he knew better, but at least he wasn't making that face anymore.
“You do not sound nearly disappointed enough about that,” Tony said.
“No.” Tony says fervently, and he laughs, eyes wide and wondering and, maybe, a little wet. “Don’t you dare respond to that, I am wearing sweatpants—“
Pepper.
“Your answer?” that smooth voice asked.
“Alright,” Steve said, bemused. Still, it wasn’t the first time he’d seen one of the bots just wandering around. Tony said it was fine; that they’d return to the labs once they needed to recharge and that the students bugged him until he let them roam free.
Tony strokes his back, slowly. Soothing. “Just breathe, baby,” he murmurs, and pulls Steve back to lie down with him, settling him with his head over Tony’s heartbeat.
“How much?” Steve asks.
“But it’s a good cat, Pepper,” Tony wheedles. “The best cat. And I don’t want to bring it to a shelter; they have such high kill rates and hardly anyone adopts grown cats.”
“I’m not actually homeless, I just kind of look like it,” Barton said. “I’m definitely not pretty enough to be a kept man.”
“I hope you saved some ham for him though,” Tony added.
“I think I liked the dark better.”
“Tell Pep I’m not coming into the early meetings. I’ll make the 12:30, just make my excuses for the others,” Tony says.
“No. Maybe. I don’t know,” Steve frowns, glaring at his bacon. “It’s not that he’s been— he seems a little off, sometimes, but I just… have a feeling.”
“Point. Okay, you know what, I’ll call a service.”
It hadn’t been that bad, at first—but Steve had left his inhaler in the car, and between that first breath of irritants and carcinogens, and their power-walk back to the car, it had really put Steve on his ass.
Realization dawns, and sinks in Tony’s stomach like a rock. “Shit,” Tony swears, pinching the bridge of his nose. Wow, instant headache.
“Looks like you ladies don’t know your classics,” the voice said, a nasty grin audible. “And as such, you’re doomed to fight them.”
SUPER-ROMANCE BOMBSHELL!!
“What’s hentai?” Steve asked, watching the expressions on his team’s faces. Storm was nodding in agreement, a “seen too much” look on her face, Bruce was looking a little green at the ears, and Logan, well, Logan was just kind of smirking unsettlingly.
Tony stepped closer and didn’t even joke about stripping Steve, gingerly maneuvering the fabric around his shoulder and over his head.
“Not quite, sir.”
“Shifty?” Steve asked.
Tony pulls his hand away.
“It’s me,” Steve snapped. “Steve Rogers. Code 34-44-54-64.”
There was also Miles, who was a whiz in Tony’s classes and always teaming up with Kamala to try and convince Steve to do TikTok dances. There was Nadia, who was as gratifyingly culturally ignorant as Steve himself, but much more willing to learn choreography for the internet.
Natasha cleared her throat. She looked him in the eye and smiled, albeit weakly. “I love you.”
“Yeah, we know how to keep the romance alive,” Tony grinned. He dropped Steve’s hands with a kiss to his wedding ring, turning back to face the closet, and immediately grimaced. “Alright, Cap. What’s the strategy?”
“Nothing is as messy as Peter,” Steve says with finality, and Tony’s chest shakes as he laughs.
“I’m just running some scans right now, trying to see if I can trace magical energy. It’s not working.”
They came to a stop about four feet away from the entry and its plaque, reading the engraved words.
That turkey is gone just as quickly, and then Tony really is out. Not that the cat believes him. It hops up onto the bench, nosing at the remains of Tony’s wrap, and Tony pulls it away. “Pretty sure cats shouldn’t eat spicy mustard,” he says apologetically, and reaches out with his other hand to pet its fur.
“And here I was hoping we wouldn’t have to clock in today,” Tony said. “You’d think averting nuclear destruction and fighting off an alien invasion would earn you some vacation time.”
Pepper raises an eyebrow. “My pug. Socrates. You called him terrifying and then fell asleep with him on your face, remember?”
“I am a ray of sunshine, bub,” Logan said, giving Bruce the stink eye.
“Sure thing.” Tony smiled at him, pleased, and Steve did his best to breathe through the flutters.
“Just want what?” Tony shouts. “Do you even fucking know, because I sure as hell don’t!”
“And that’s fine, that’s… your prerogative,” Tony continues, but he looks so pained as he says it that Steve can’t help but consider it a blatant lie. “I’m just… I don’t understand. What you want,” he adds, looking lost.
Tony spent the winter curled inward, hibernating with his grief and refuting the condolences offered by Pepper and Rhodey. They tried to tell him that Steve’s death was nutritional, a soil deficiency, or even that perhaps Steve was simply an annual. But Tony knew the truth: Steve had died of a broken heart, and Tony was determined to follow him.
Barton was sitting on the counter of the medical waiting room they were all crowded into, his head ducked slightly to fit underneath the cupboards on the ceiling. Romanoff, the last Steve looked, had been sitting in a battered office chair pulled up next to his thigh, working her way through a cheap-looking wine cooler.
Steve opened the door with a strangely lightweight feeling in his chest, stepping into a room that was indeed
“Well, it did hit on my boyfriend,” Steve said, pulling the scale mail off over his head and dropping it aside.
“There was a trap that way. I don’t know if it’ll let us back through,” he warned.
Perfectly transparent on all sides. It felt terribly vulnerable but was certainly bulletproof, fireproof… probably proofed against some absurd future problem that Steve was too primitive to even imagine.
“What on earth did you want to do all this for anyway, huh?” Logan demanded, leading the kid out in heavy-duty SHIELD cuffs.
“She was the only person who always believed that I would be more. Do more,” he said roughly. “She never got to see it. Even if she hadn't gotten sick, she’d still be long gone by now.”
“Probably something to do with the way you two are always running off together,” Logan grinned with the smugness of a man proved right.
Iron Man closed Steve’s door behind him, and took a slow breath. “I have something to tell you,” he said.
“Future me time-travelled? Where is he now?”
“Are Natasha and Barnes—?”
It balks, jerking away from the carrier, and meows long and pitiful, and Tony doesn’t need to hear it twice to know that’s a
Steve ducked one tentacle’s swipe at his head and repelled another with his shield, grunting at the force of it. No sooner had he beaten it to a pulp than he turned to see most of the tentacles already felled-- from the looks of things, kudos mostly to Storm’s lightning, Iron Man’s repulsors, and Logan’s claws.
The uniform isn’t that bad, Steve wanted to say.
“Yeah,“ Tony says. “At that park around the block from the tower. I went outside for my lunch break so I could shut you down next time you started making noises about me not getting enough sunshine, only there was a cat there. It stole my turkey wrap.”
Stark’s smile faded a little—dimmer, a little lopsided, but more genuine. “Sorry. I’m a terrible flirt. I’ve been told I don’t mean anything by it.”
“Oh yes,” Steve said, flopping onto his back. “But resourceful enough to make that work for her. All my life she had this big pot that she grew potatoes in. I mean—” and Steve made a big circle with his arms, “really huge. I have no idea where she got it.”
“No way,” Steve protests. “This is my electric blanket, you gave it to me, you are never getting it back—“
“Something like that,” Tony says noncommittally. “I kinda screwed up at work. So.”
The spring rains came, what felt like every other day now, soaking everyone’s roots with water. The time for stagnancy was over.
“Who the hell is that guy?” Natasha frowned, her eyes tracking the man in SHIELD gear who had scooped up the case and was headed for the stairs and, coincidentally, the fire exit.
“Oh. Sure,” Steve said. “Ah. Okay.”
“It didn’t love that,” Iron Man noted. “Storm, your lightning--?”
“Actually… maybe?” Tony said. Steve glared at him. “What, I’m just saying, it is theoretically possible. I bet I could crack time travel.”
Tasha woke up with most of Steve’s body intertwined with hers. It wasn’t a
Steve felt his ears go pink. “To talk about the Avengers! I had some thoughts about, uh. Starting a program for reserve members.”
“A cat,” Steve says muzzily, and tugs the blanket up over Tony’s shoulders.
“I can get a hold of the big two if you wanna text the Wonder Twins,” Tony offered, already pulling out his own phone.
Stark sighed. “Yeah, alright, I see how it is. You crazy kids are too cool for school. What about you, Captain?”
“No,” Steve said.
“Okay, okay, that’s fine,” he soothes, cradling the cat in his arms, and he can feel its heartbeat rapid with alarm underneath his hands.
Oh, god. He was going to chicken out again. He was going to miss his chance and spend the night counting specks of dust in the mansion’s library and probably the rest of his life watching Natasha date people who were terrible for her and also
Tony nodded. “It’s too neat. Yeah.”
“More importantly, where did you get a Norn Stone?” Cap asked sternly, giving the teenager his patented “you-have-disappointed-America” face.
It tasted amazing too, and made him feel a little better about the idea of facing the footage of Loki handing him his ass.
Tony’s face shutters. “I heard you say you couldn’t possibly marry me,” he says flatly. “And then I, uh. Left.”
“You’re crushing me,” Tony chokes out, fake gagging.
, he’d been invited to call him—said she’d been that way with everyone at first.
“Whatever it is— please talk to me, Tony,” Steve says, circling his hand around Tony’s wrist. He smooths his thumb over the bony ridge there. “We can face it together.”
“And you should let me take you out. On a date. Romantically,” Steve blurted. “Sometime in between planning to take down Hydra and investigating this long list of future recruits we just got.”
“He died,” the other Rogers said roughly. “He saved everyone, but he died.”
“I just—” Steve scrubbed at the back of his neck. “I'm not entirely sure how. I wasn't really in a good place.”
sound, sir?” JARVIS replies.
“Uhh,” Jan said. “Call me crazy, but I don’t like how that sounds.”
Tony smiles— a brittle thing. Steve hates it.
“Hulk motion sick!” the green giant roared. “Stop ride now!”
“Always,” she said with a misty smile. “That weird?”
Steve pushes off the doorframe and comes over, gripping Tony on either side of his shoulders and turning him gently so that he can massage Tony’s back. “Sounds fun,” he says, kneading firmly at Tony’s shoulders. “Wanna talk about it?”
Tony pressed a button on his shiny chrome coffee machine and turned around, leaning back against the counter. “Don’t worry, Cap,” he smiled warmly, “no need to fight the Fourth Estate today.”
“Well, sure, but then Cap and Iron Man wouldn’t be able to canoodle, or use goofy pet names, or whatever couple-y things they do when we aren’t around,” Spidey said. “And I’m pretty sure Storm and GG use these times to gossip about Thor.”
“”No,” Steve snorted. “I just had to hide it from Spider-Man and Giant Girl. I caught them putting it on vanilla ice cream the other day.”
“Couldn’t learn from anyone better,” Steve grinned. “Hey, we have that avocado spread. Do you--”
“Why’s that?”
Pepper smacked him lightly, laughing. “Come on, Captain. If you can't work up the guts to dance with her, you can at least dance with me and make her jealous enough to spit.”
“No problem.” Steve managed a smile. “Do I get the tour?”
“Ignore,” Tony barks. He doesn’t want to talk to Pepper right now. She’ll know immediately that something is wrong. And although their boundaries have always been fuzzy, Tony’s pretty sure that if there’s a line anywhere, it’s right around ‘complaining to your ex about your new lover not wanting to marry you.’
“Yes?” Steve breathed.
It took up three floors’ worth of vertical space. There was a curved, massive balcony at the top closed off with blue glass; clearly for observation. There were several panels of blue glass on the wall to his left, as well, for closer study. What was meant to be studied could be the odd metal panel sticking out of the wall—or the legs and ass hanging sideways out of the opening—but Steve suspected not. Sadly.
“How’s it look, Nurse Rogers?” she prompted.
Tony laughed. “I think you had the right idea,” he said. “About the cocoa.”
Steve set to work quickly, drawing an Iron Man helmet with red and gold icing, then a Black Widow symbol, and then his shield. Tony watched, smiling wearily.
“No, oh my god,” Steve blurted. “I– Tony, you can’t even see the floor!”
Fortunately for Pepper’s dignity, nobody was paying much attention, because Steve had returned-- or at least, a blonde werewolf wearing Steve’s snowman sweater had.
The bot wheeled around to the other side of his chair, peering over his shoulder with its claw to watch. Eventually, he held the sketchbook out to the bot, letting him see.
“Twenty minutes, and just for that, you’re not getting laid tonight.”
She’s furious.
He couldn’t quite bring himself to pull away, turning one kiss into two into several, long and drawn-out and unwilling to part. Natasha’s breath fanned out over his face in the brief gaps between kisses, warm and minty.
“You are so oblivious, it’s almost cute,” Jan said fondly. “Only almost, though. It’s kind of infuriating, too.”
Steve had gamely picked out several dozen by the time they got to a rather old one: a sneaky shot of them at a restaurant from nearly five years ago.
“I am alerting Sir,” JARVIS said. “The other Steve Rogers also knew this code. He used it to access the second-level sub-basement.”
Destroy me or feed me.
“You could have just ordered some from a bakery,” Steve said. “I’m sure someone would have been willing to do an express order this big.”
Tony keeps his head tucked into Steve’s shoulder— his expression could have anything on it right now. And Steve is so gentle with his sore back. Tony just clings to him, circles his arms around Steve’s hips and leans into him.
This year, Socrates was dressed as a reindeer.
“Yeah.”
Tony drummed his fingers on the back of the tablet. “Well…” he hedged. “I might have an idea.”
“Tony,” Pepper stops him. “What’s going on with you?”
Steve catches Tony that night, in their bedroom after he’s stripped out of his suit, so wound up that he’s nearly vibrating.
“The arrhythmia’s cleared up, blood pressure and heart rate is normal,” Stark shrugged. “Beyond that, there is only one expert on the arc reactor, and I can do my scans better anywhere but here. Romanoff, you just grab that entire bottle of Aleve they gave you, we’re keeping it. And I’ll take this,” he added, wheeling Banner’s cot out in front of him.
The cat is waiting for him on the bench this time, and watches him open the cat food with wide, hungry eyes.
He swallows and steps away. “Yeah, no, I actually need— I have to go work. Sorry,” he says, making a face. “It’s just a mess right now, and I need to be on damage control, I have to rush out a prototype—“
“Yeah, well, I’ve vomited on you before, so I feel like we’re probably even,” Tony replies.
“Do you think there’s something going on with Tony?” he asks finally.
Tony leaned over the table to read the front page, and had a-- a face journey, Peter would call it. First he blinked a lot, his ears going pink, and then his mouth dropped partially open. He glanced up at the ceiling in a god-help-me kind of way, his lips pressed tightly together as if containing laughter, and finally looked down and saw something-- probably the “baby bump”-- and burst into peals of hysterical laughter.
“Error,” JARVIS said. “Captain Rogers is already in the building. Please identify yourself.”
“You were tired, Cap,” Barton muttered. “We should’ve had your back.”
“They’re not gonna be labeling their secret files with a convenient ‘Hydra Eyes Only,’” Natasha said. “What are you even going to be looking for?”
God, he’s been so stupid. He should never have bought that damn ring— just because Steve’s stayed with him this long doesn’t mean he wants to stay forever.
“I mean, first of all, yes,” Tony said very seriously.
Steve shows up as he’s shrugging out of his business clothes, looking sympathetic and warm in a t-shirt and red Iron Man sweatpants. He whistles lowly.
, but he can’t stop it. “And I’m sorry I haven’t said it recently, but I don’t know how, anymore, I don’t know how to make it mean something when I won’t—“ his voice breaks, and he takes a deep breath, “—when I won’t be around,” he finishes.
“Tony,” Steve says carefully. “How much of that did you hear, exactly?”
“I know,” Tony said, a little grumpily. “It was– we’d just started sleeping together and I was really, really convinced that maybe you didn’t like my blankets. I can’t remember why. So. Spare blankets.”
“Still, we’d better get that checked out,” Tony said, and changed course for the Tower. “It might need a sling. Hold on, I’m gonna radio the others. We can put our reports in later.”
“It’s not really— it’s my own fault,” he prevaricates, and Rhodey snorts.
Pepper blinks back at him, utterly unimpressed. “No, actually,” she says, deadpan. “We’ve got about 8,000 things to do and zero time for your attitude. And don’t think you’ve gotten out of talking to me about this.”
“Oh. Dude.”
“Probably not,” Tony admits. “But I gave him like a third of the regular dose, it’s fine.”
,” Tony urges, and steps close enough that Steve can hear. “And it didn’t want to go in the pet carrier I bought but that’s okay because it let me hold it like this the entire way back and did not complain or anything. And now it’s purring,
“Yeah, maybe
“Tony,” Steve said, pained.
Tony huffed, eyes creasing with laughter. His head dropped to rest against Steve’s, his shoulders loosening. Steve leaned into the contact, and Tony’s hand stroked down the back of his neck, tender and warm. Between them, Tony’s hand tightened on his.
“No! I was just saying, I don’t think I’ve wrecked one in just a week since the
“It wouldn’t be right,” Steve adds softly. “Until marriage equality is granted all across America. It’s not fair that we should have that right because of sheer dumb geographic luck, while this country refuses to recognize other marriages like, uh. Like ours. Would be.”
“Uh, what did I do?” he asks, holding up his hands. Not too close to Pepper, though, because she looks like she might bite him.
“Do you think something’s going on with Tony?” Natasha says.
“You just punched a triceratops!” Tony emphasized, opening a storage compartment inside the Quinjet to look for blankets. Both of them were soaked to the bone– Steve in his leather and scale mail, Tony in his skin-tight undersuit. Neither of them were looking forward to the Herculean task of getting their wet clothes off.
“They put chopped pecans and shredded chocolate on it, too,” Steve said, sliding a plate in front of Tony. “It was strangely compelling, to be honest. But I had to draw a line somewhere, and it was that or come home one day to find them making candles with it.”
what I mean.”
Tony stares firmly ahead at Steve’s television, ignoring his gaze entirely. “What do you want to watch?” he asks cheerfully. “I’ll let you pick because I’m a magnanimous overlord like that.”
Natasha looked great in it — her hair was longer then, past her shoulders, and she was wearing a maroon blazer that had gotten a sleeve burnt off of it six months later.
Steve nods, jaw clenched too-tight. “Not really at first,” he says. “But then I heard you—I—“ he cuts off. “How sick are you?” he asks, softly, but so distraught and plaintive he might as well have shouted it.
“I’ll choke you with my roots,” Tony growled at the sprout. It was the pale green of new life, but it seemed unfazed by his threat.
“Never mind,” she said quickly. “Can I get a peach ginger ale, please?” she asked the bartender. “Hey, I'm gonna go talk to Pepper for a bit. You wanna Coke or something, Mack the Knife here’ll hook you up.” She jerked her head at the bartender, whose name tag read “Mack” in thick black letters.
Steve turns back to his cooking as Natasha takes a seat, and stares at the sizzling bacon. “Do you think—“ he starts, and stops, suddenly unaccountably frustrated.
Steve stiffened, but held back. It was a tight, warm, hug; Roger’s arms encircled Tony entirely and the front of his head was pressed against the side of Tony’s. Rogers’ eyes were squeezed shut tight. Tony, annoyingly, seemed to melt into it.
When Tony wakes up, it’s to a vicious crick in his neck and the familiar sensation of Steve’s hand stroking up and down his spine. For a moment, he forgets— he lets Steve ease him to his feet and pull him into his arms, tucks his face against Steve’s neck and sighs as Steve starts massaging his neck.
Clint nods, “and it only made it worse, with the both of them gone. I had my family to look after, I had everything to lose, but sometimes, for a brief second, I would wish I could go on a mission or something, to let all that anger and pain out, and I’d feel guilty for it for hours afterwards. But I kept thinking about what Natasha had done, the lengths she had gone to drag me back from the edge after the snap and then the fucking cliff. It made things easier, made it simpler to do the right thing, to ignore that side of me, because how could I ever do anything else?”
“Just get back to work Rogers.” Tony scowls, and Steve laughs before complying.
Steve blinks in surprise. “I - yes, of course, I can watch her,” he says, opening his door wider so Rhodey can come in and deposit Morgan on the bed, “that’s totally fine, I-um. Hi?” he says, more bewildered when Peter and Harley follow Rhodey inside; Steve hadn’t noticed them before, Rhodey’s six foot and well muscled frame having blocked them from view.
Tony gulps as his eyes drift shut, his hand coming up to press against Steve’s chest. “The vines disappeared when I told you I loved you. And your lungs collapsed because of it. You saved my life
He watches his little girl Morgan as she’s led through the house by Happy and Pepper, watching the video as holographic him tells her he loves her three thousand and God he’s so glad he ended up making that video, that he got that last chance to tell her baby girl, tell all of them how much he loves them. He watches all of their faces, at how broken they all look and he wants to shout, tell them he’s in a good place, that
“I resent that.” Tony mutters.
“Always,” Steve responds with a smile and Tony rolls his eyes, letting go and raising a hand to the watch.
The press had been a lot less vicious about the matter than they had in, well, really
Natasha snorts again from her position in front of them. “Understatement of the century.” In a smooth motion, she turns around and wacks Tony gently on the head.
There are dark edges dancing on the edge of his vision, creeping forward. His hands burn with pain. Steve holds on for as long as he can, because he knows if he closes his eyes now, he won’t wake up again, thinks about the warmth of laughter and music in his kingdom, Bucky’s smiles and Sam’s laughter and Natasha’s sharp remarks, and Tony, with red and gold glinting like a halo around him.
clearly, even when I was absolutely
Steve blacks out like that as the first rays of light touch the ceiling, with his face buried in Tony’s dark hair.
There’s a hint of well disguised pain in Tony’s jovial voice as he says this last part, and Steve blinks, wonders if he’s supposed to know who these people are, like he was apparently supposed to know Howard. Tony pays his confusion no mind, and has continued talking once again.
- and Steve watches him, because it’s mesmerizing the way Tony moves in this space, the way he shapes the metal to his whim, puts the parts together piece by piece with singular focus.
The plan itself is too convoluted to even have a chance at working but Tony will admit that the death ray seems to have merit. Not a bad design at all. And that’s saying something considering he’s the one saying it.
“Bruce is. Well Bruce, he’s working nonstop in the lab again,” Steve chuckles, “he’s not as bad as Tony was, but sometimes he also forgets to eat, so I bring him stuff from the kitchen.” Pepper laughs, and it’s still tinged with sadness, but it’s overshadowed by fond memories.
“It’s not my place.” he counters firmly, and Pepper laughs softly, “then why did you ask if we’ve seen it? Is it me or Rhodey or Happy’s place then?” Steve frowns in confusion.
Tony wouldn’t have had it any other way.
“Not just a prank war,” Natasha added, smirking, “A prank war between the
“Frodo didn’t purposely destroy the ring you ignorant swine.” Tony mutters sullenly, but drags himself off the floor to go claim a chair.
Steve frowns slightly at him, a bit taken aback that he was listening, but then again, Steve supposes that makes sense.
“We'll see them again,” Steve murmurs and Tony nods.
Bucky notices immediately, if you go by the increasingly worried looks he keeps throwing at Steve, but he doesn’t comment on it for the time being, which Steve is grateful for.
He can’t breath, in the centre of the blizzard, fighting with all of his might just to stay where he is, the wind climbing into his throat and pushing back any breathable air. He coughs, desperately tries to draw in oxygen and blood splutters down his chin as the vines constrict so
“What?” Steve asks, confused as hell.
"It was a suggestion. Do what you wish." Steve finally says, and then he's watching detachedly as the man starts spluttering in exasperation.
feel guilty because you’re happy to see your family alive and well Clint, don’t you
It’s warm.
Steve stares at him in horror. “Oh my god, I’m so sorry-Tony I- what was the sentence, I won’t say it again -”
I'll probably be posting the next chapter soon, because I realized as I was approaching the word count of around 28,000 that I far surpassed the limit I had wanted to set for each chapter, so I chose a scene change and stopped it there. As a result I already have part of chapter 3 written. Woot woot. XD
“I know what you’re about to say Steve, and there’s no need to defend me from self-deprecation, because that’s not what I’m trying to communicate.” she pauses to gather her thoughts. “What I mean is, I can’t be the one to judge you on this, not really, because I’m not Tony, and I’m not any of the Avengers involved in that entire fucked up mess.”
of you, I was just
“Steve! We were in the rec room there was a noise and I thought I heard - but it’s not possible right because - I - I -” and Peter stops when the tableau registers for him and everyone else, the image of Steve sitting curled up at the base of the table, half-panicked expression on his face with a flickering hologram of Tony Stark kneeling in front of him.
like human Tony’s was, he’s a bit more open with his emotions and thoughts, a bit more free, and dare he say...affectionate? Steve wonders to himself if it’s because the AI doesn’t have the same experiences or memories that Tony had, or maybe certain personality traits just happen to be different. He’s not exactly sure, but he quickly puts that train of thought off for later when he realizes he’s checked out of the conversation.
And with that, the video shuts off, taking the light with it.
The last voice is the clearest, yelled out in a hoarse, broken voice and Steve reacts instinctively to that cadence, tries his best to move even as his limbs feel like lead. He lets out a sharp cry as pain shoots through his chest when he shifts.
Bruce is leaning on Bucky. Sam is poking at Thor’s war hammer, seemingly unconcerned with the fact that if it falls off Thor’s belt, it might smash his hand. Stephen, Pepper and Rhodey are all squished on one couch. Peter, Shuri, Happy and Harley are sound asleep on the other couch, off to the side, t’Challa perched on the armrest. Nebula is curled up on Tony’s other side, where he’s not pressed up with Steve.
And Steve can’t let Tony know. He doesn’t want Tony to be in pain, doesn’t want him to be guilty, doesn’t want Tony to figure out a way to take back his burden, because if anyone could figure it out, would be as selfless and self sacrificing, it would be him.
Tony nods, now looking uncertain again, so Steve dials back a bit. “I mean of course that’s entirely up to you - I didn’t tell her anything other than that, she just happened to know about what it meant when I asked. I figured you should tell her the rest yourself if you want to, because yeah privacy so. There. That. Um.”
Morgan plops herself down next to Steve on the couch and sniffles quietly, so he waits patiently for her to open up if she wants to. Finally, Morgan looks up at him.
“Captain?”
.” Tony declares dramatically. “You watch Steven G. Stark-Rogers, I’m gonna hold this thing over you for the rest of our lives-”
. That’s one of the best parts of my job.” he shrugs. “Besides, I really don’t think I was in any danger. Did you see that technology he had there at the end? Low-frequency waves. Very smart. Efficient. Deadly if you utilize them correctly, yet the kid didn’t even touch them until the very end while he was trying to escape. He doesn’t seem like the truly evil type.”
Even so, Steve's already brought him this far into the palace. It wouldn't do to decide to abandon him now; so first order of business. He needs to find a way to warm him up again. He frowns down at his hands as he thinks, frost dancing idly across his fingertips.
“Shut it Rogers,” he says, squinting, which seems to be the breaking point for Steve as he finally bursts into laughter.
She helps him out with all of his different accounts. If asked, Tony will still assert that he’s doing this all under great duress, but he does begin to see the merit.
“Any chance of it being the wrong person?” Hope interjects, “We don’t exactly know a lot about her.”
“Excuses. Dodge next time.”
“So we broke up, and we made up again, and we broke up, and it kept going like that, on and on, because I couldn’t handle him being Iron Man, and he couldn’t handle being without. But I couldn’t stay away from him. How could I ever? He was, just so amazing, smart and gorgeous, heart of gold and utterly infuriating and everything I’ve ever wanted, he was
You’re struck with the sudden want to reach out your hand and touch. You want to run your fingers through his golden hair but you stop yourself. Instead you tap his shoulder softly, his head snaps up quicker than you expect and you jump as well.
Tony wrapped his arm around Steve’s shoulders, one hand coming up to entwine in his blonde hair and cradle his head.
Another simple truth; Steve Rogers could be a sassy little shit when he wanted to be.
The elevator opened, the two went to the kitchen and put the milk on the stove. Tony dug through the cabinet under the sink. Steve watched as he dug out the first aid kit.
Steve Rogers smoked. Kinda surprising isn’t it? America’s golden child smoked, but as Steve inhaled and took in a lung full of smoke and polluted air, he just couldn’t give a shit. Every day someone asks him a stupid question, every day he has to stop from rolling his eyes. “What’s your opinion on homosexuality?” A reporter asked, Steve couldn’t believe it then, and he still can’t believe it now. After so many years people are still hung up on that? Steve let out a breath, smoke coming out in rings, so what if he shows off a little? Not like anyone will notice.
Tony’s lip quirked in amusement, but the mirth didn’t dance around his eyes. Steve always thought Tony had pretty eyes. Brown like his father’s but the rest was his mother’s. Long eyelashes, round eyes, and a warmth that Howard could never quite find. At the same time though, the brown color was so different from Howard’s. So different from a man who’s pleasure always came from himself. Who was fortified. Who could be amusing, was often out for gain. For more.
He didn’t say anything, just watched as Steve blew circles with the smoke. Tony hummed under his breath, listening to the hustle and bustle that never seems to stop in a big city like this. With fall turning into winter, with the crisp air.
Which brings us to our next simple truth. Steve hates sleeping. He can often avoid it, with his enhancements he’s learned that he can go longer than the average human can go without sleep.
He really wanted a cigarette right now.
He snorted, a tad hysterical.
“It’s fine, it’ll be healed in the morning.” He replied, his knuckles stung. But that was fine. His knuckles stung but that was fine. It’s always fine.
Usually, this leads to him to the gym. Duck taped punching bags spilling and splitting as tears mixed with a barely there shine of sweat. He could feel the spilt skin under the wrapping, and he hated himself. Hated himself for every single mistake he’s ever made. Builds himself up just so he wiggle a piece and he’ll topple down. Like a Jenga tower. Made to topple. Over and over and over and over again.
“Hey there soldier,” a voice called out. Looking up he saw brown hair and brown eyes, tanned skin with a warm smile. Steve didn’t respond, just watched as Tony walked over. The foot steps seeming like a drum. “Shouldn’t you be sleeping?”
“Just because it’ll heal doesn’t mean I don’t want to look at it. It’s like when one of us gets shot or bruised, we’ll heal but you still wanna check on us.” Tony shrugged, grabbing the bandage to wrap snugly around Steve’s knuckles. “Don’t think just because you’re on miracle steroids that this doesn’t apply to you.” Tony said, grabbing his other hand.
Silently Tony grabbed his hand, the first aid kit opened on the table.
He hummed, taking another drag of the cigarette. “I don’t see you stopping.”
Humpty Dumpty climbed a wall.
There is one simple truth people seem to forget. Above all else, Steve Rogers was human. He bled and he cried, he mourned and he laughed. He has made mistakes. Even if people are willfully ignorant of those mistakes, they still happened. And they hang over his head in a tragic masterpiece.
Steve sat there, catching Tony’s hand before he went to turn away.
Steve breathed in. It felt as if he were having an asthma attack. He couldn’t breathe, but now he could. He could breathe, it just didn’t feel like he was. Steve nodded, unwrapping his hands as they walked out of the gym.
“Fucking Steve,” he whispered bitterly. All but yanking the navy blue hoodie of the hanger. Pulling it over himself while ignoring the feeling that built up in his chest.
The smell of smoke and cigarettes still lingered on the hoodie. As well as the faint smell of cologne. One stubborn tear escaped down his cheek, Tony’s hands fisted. Tears blurred his vision as he silently cried.
One simple truth, Steve Rogers has a phobia of big bodies of water. When he does get into water, or dunk his head under the spray of the shower, the water is usually scaldingly hot and makes his pale irish skin baby pink.
Steve watched as Tony stomped on the curling bud. “That was my last one,” he pouted. Tony gave him a look, turning around in his arms, putting his hands in Steve’s hoodie pocket.
“That’s a shame. Your bed seems awfully comfy.”
Well, the last one he’s questioning. He’s met some robots that have character.
The bed has been cold for months, and Tony doesn’t like it. With a frustrated groan he got up, throwing the sheets off of himself as he walked towards the closet. Arc reactor, freshly back in his chest, lighting the way for him. If he were better, he would’ve thrown the fucking hoodie away. But for some reason, Tony was never able to.
The arc’s light was dimmed, just a shape of what it was, shining an electric blue. Fuck all of them. He thought, angrily wiping his eyes again. All of them chose, all of them made a choice. Steve made a choice and so did Tony.
“There is already enough beard for the both of us.” Tony narrowed his eyes, lips pursed as he looked at his boyfriend. Steve could tell Tony was trying not to smile, if the twitch of his lips is anything to go by.
“And it doesn’t make my already fucked up heart better. So really, you brought this on to your self.” Steve pursed his lips, digging his cold nose into Tony’s collar bone. Tony squawked, the cigarette dropping from his lips.
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.
God he sounded weak. He didn’t want to sound weak.
Tony frowned, peering up at him. God he was short, Steve thought. He could wrap his arm around his shoulder, and Tony would fit perfectly. Steve breathed in, breathed out. “Nothing hot chocolate can’t fix?”
Funny how people wish for completely different things but always seemed the same.
Over and over and over and over again.
Tony rested his chin on his shoulder, not even caring for the smoke that is definitely bad for him. Steve snorted quietly to himself, smoking is bad for everyone. Everyone except him, that is. Steve looked down at the city below, people and cars seem so small from so far.
