Sherlock got as far as he could without the dildo leaving him so he had John shuffle forward until Sherlock’s nose was buried in John’s pubic hair. Sherlock swallowed around John, causing him to shout and he aborted a thrust in.
When Sherlock laid alone in his bed at night, wherever he may be, in a hotel, usually always in a different part of the UK. When he laid in bed sometimes he would pull the briefcase out and connect himself to it, set the timer and he would dream.
“Yes, John?” Sherlock asks expectantly holding John up and although he didn’t seem to need it, it made Sherlock feel better than to watch him sway dangerously.
“He works for the government, he’s not a General.” John said and leaned over taking up the bottle Sherlock had set down inspecting it, finding it to be whiskey. His own whiskey.
"What am I supposed to label our relationship on my blog? I certainly can't call you my friend it doesn't really work anymore and boyfriend is just so frivolous." John grumbled a bit his revulsion for the word came from having male friends as a child and his sister teasing him of having a boyfriend. Sherlock too had an aversion to it though his was just because he found it a silly term that wasn't taken seriously.
“He scawy and stuff.” John says in a small voice at being interrogated by Sherlock.
‘I’m right here.’ Sherlock's voice floated through his mind, velvet and sweet and yet cold and empty, mimicking the space around him. It was something he lived with, a constant presence of his cool intelligence, it didn’t help but it also didn’t make it worse.
“I don’t know what’s in that but hopefully it’s enough.” Of course he didn’t know, he wouldn’t have checked. This is what was wrong, human error. A weakness the frailty of the mind, the things that will haunt you. Sherlock was taught to disconnect in difficult situations, when things got tough and you had to choose between heart and head. Always choose head. He had, and he would again. But he couldn’t now, why?.
“In a heartbeat.”
John looked up. Sherlock was over by the couch now, standing adrift by the coffee table staring out towards the window. Sherlock was pretty, not pretty, Sherlock was gorgeous. John had always thought so, since he’d first seen him he’d always imagined him sort of an angle. Coming in and saving him when he needed it most. He was trying to return the favor but Sherlock just stared at the window blankly.
Sherlock's voice rushed through his head and John's own jerked in a brief nod of agreement on that note. Work was fine, he could work and forget about everything else. That Sherlock was missing and injured and John was in the hospital waiting for his Dad to be stabilized after pulling him into danger. It was better to forget the ache in his chest and wetness of his eyes and to instead focus on anything else really, the floor, the ceiling, Sherlock sitting across from him, Mycroft beside him, the bustle of the hospital outside the waiting room, the sniffling of the women beside Sherlock.
Later they would label it as the beginning of everything. When the metaphorical wheels started turning. They thought bad things were coming to an end and good new things could start.
“Yeah actually that is why I scheduled an interview such short notice. I will be going back to London this coming week and attending the College For Particularly Advance. It’s just in Cardiff actually lovely place…”
“No. There’s no way in hell I'm leaving you here alright?” John said sternly and took a breath. “I love you and I’m not going to lose you.”
"Do you think they'll be able to figure out what's happening to me?" John asked quietly sobering quickly and trying to calm down from being so nervous.
"You said that the last time."
"Uh... Sherlock!" Molly yells at the wall.
“I want to see him.” Sherlock said firmly needing to be sure he was alright and himself again.
It was exhilarating running with John even over something so simple but he mind. They ignored angry teachers telling hem not to run in the halls rushing about as fast as they could. They run up staircases many of them until they reached Johns room. John unlocked his door with fumbling hands with how exited he was and they tumbled inside.
The body that was hanging from the tree in the center hidden in the darkness.
“Not that. I bought this.” John said holding up the bottle of whiskey.
John still didn't believe Sherlock could get him out of the hospital but even so he humored the idea when it came up one night on the roof.
“For people to bugger off.” Molly laughed slightly,
Sherlock lay asleep for some time not noticing as he dreamt when John slipped from the bed. He dreamed of a peaceful life with John in a flat of their own where he had a job at Scotland Yard and Lestrade got him cases and Mrs Hudson was their landlady. They'd spend nights by the fireplace and days chasing criminals, Sherlock wished more than anything it was true.
He was never any good at self control.
John pushed away the voice in his head angrily and took a breath. “I’m fine, I need to find him-”
Tears dripping down cheeks onto the cement, knees bleeding from the glass shattered about. Body shaking in anticipation and grief, breath coming out in labored huffs.
Sherlock nodded wordlessly and looked to the window at the icy storm that went on outside. The snow was swirling upward in an almost tornado fashion even though it wasn't the right conditions for one.
Suddenly Sherlock is on the couch and John is running his hands up and down his arms. He's talking to him but Sherlock can't hear him as he stares at his concerned face. He watched with blurry vision while John tries to stay calm as he places Sherlock's hand on his own chest and breathes heavily to get him to follow.
Down the hall and the next, and the next.
"Grab the popsicles!" She yells and a heavy sigh is audible from the thin walls.
“Yeah alright I get it your always right.” Lestrade grumbled as he made his way to Johns door.
He cleaned the mess of the chemicals off of him quickly and carefully bundled John up in his arms sitting on the bed with him, comforting him in what way he could as he was completely destroyed in spirit and in mind.
“Far too long.” Sherlock proclaims standing up. “Come on.”
“How can I possibly calm down?! Do you see this place it’s incredible!”
“I have to identify Moran.” Sherlock points out his hand on the door knob.
“Sherlock, what’s going on?” She asks anyway getting concerned now.
When there was nothing left for them to for them to do a silent conversation passed between their eyes. Sherlock took hold of John’s hand gently and together they went downstairs. Something neither of them expected awaited on the sidewalk.
Within the time period of then and now Sherlock and John have become closer. As well as Molly and the drummer who’s named turned out to be, James, Jim or Joe? It was one of those. But with Molly off with her - “He’s not my boyfriend, Sherlock! Shut up!” - Sherlock and John spent most of their time together, doing anything and everything. Sherlock liked it that way when no one was around and they could just relax and forget John was famous.
“I love you too..” he said in the same tone and they kissed again, sherlock taking a step back to support himself against the doorframe. Setting the dogtags on the lamp as he could reach to use his hands more effectively.
“He’s afraid he’ll be left alone.” Mycroft said as they got into the elevator to lead to the lobby.
"Listen here Mr Holmes, our mom loves us and wouldn't just disappear I know it. She is a good person and parent." The red haired girl spouted off obnoxiously. Drunk once again.
“I have a phobia of needles. Probably from too many times missing the vein.” John looked up sharply staring at Sherlock in surprise and yet also in understanding. “It wasn’t exactly the best time in my life, but I’m clean now. Completely.”
“You’re frightening him.” Lestrade mutters under his breath his eyes flicking between them and John. They both looked over to John whose back was on the wall as he looked at them warily while also inching towards Sherlock.
Sherlock clenched his teeth forcing himself not to remark on the taunts, he didn’t need to make things worse and at this point he was practically accepting death.
The rain fell heavily outside the trailer's windows, hail gathering to clink on the roof. A pot placed on the far left corner counter in the kitchen to collect the drips from the ceiling. Quiet dinks as the drips hit the pan the only sound in the trailer beside the intermittent noise of a newspaper page being turned.
Mycroft stood unmoving for almost fifteen minutes of silence until abruptly he cleared his throat and John almost startled. Mycroft visited about once every day generally around the same time he came to watch his brother for a generally random amount of time before departing. No words were ever spoken.
There was peace as Sherlock stirred into consciousness to a soft white enveloping him, a simple breeze blowing over his face, the sound of curtains rustling in the distance. He didn’t even have to open his eyes to know that wherever he was was very bright and with just a feeling alone he knew it was safe.
They change into suitable sleeping wear each turning around for the others privacy -John's privacy- and if one of them peaks -Sherlock- then no harm done.
John ran, he ran as fast as he could. Hallway apon hallway, he wasn’t sure if he was dreaming or if the illusion was real. The clicks of his shoes against the linoleum, running for the lives of the people he cared about more than anyone. The only two people that truly mattered,
They don’t say anything, there isn’t anything to be said. They talk silently for Johns sake words being exchanged through the flutter of an eyelid or twitch of a finger. They may not have been speaking but the words and meaning were clear to Sherlock. The silent assurances didn’t go unnoticed and though it was unusual for Mycroft to show any type of care it only made Sherlock more grateful for the fact.
They were going into war, a battle of what was still to be determined. No one was prepared, how do you prepare for the unknown? It was impossible to understand what exactly was going to happen, to predict the unpredictable.
"Mycroft isn't the friendliest though his connections come in handy." Sherlock says smirking lightly at John's reaction.
He wouldn't eat though. No matter what John did after those few days of their conversation Sherlock wouldn't eat. Unless John fed him.
"Obviously this 'Jim Moriarty's' plan was to get John's attention. It's a game that's all it is. A game of chess and he's made his move. He needed a big enough ploy to traumatize John so he doesn't speak of what he knows but not enough to incapacitate. Just enough to get him thinking. Clearly he's achieved this and now it's just a matter of time. He's been planning this if he's preserved the body and the blood for so long. He wasn't expecting me I'm an unregistered player, and I intend to win." Sherlock swept off again without letting Greg speak again though he yelled after him anyway.
He, himself wasn't sure what to think. John was his friend, a close mate that he had shared a lot with over the years of knowing him. The situation was a hard one, obviously for everyone involved but Greg couldn’t comprehend how this must be for Sherlock. The man had only recently opened himself up to a relationship with John, which was no small feat for the detective. He couldn’t imagine what it must feel like, he didn’t want to imagine it.
Something seemed to snap in Sherlock and within a moment of lapsed consciousness the pedestal was gone, in pieces around him marked with the dirt and rust of the decaying unit. Soft white smudged with the deep red of his own blood from his battered hands in the aftermath. When he regained his thought process, the paper lay before him amongst the beast-like destruction around him entirely untouched, still mocking him from the center of the space.
“‘M not nowmal now?” John asks confused fisting his tiny hands into Sherlock’s shirt to keep from falling backwards.
“Then bring him.” Lestrade suggests. A stupid suggestion.
On some level he wasn’t sure that he wanted to but since the beginning he knew he had to pay more attention to this thing to understand it. He had made the mistake of being so thrown off guard that he forgot what this whole thing was really about. It was about the war between the two men, a fight of intellect that Greg had no part in fighting. He should have been more aware but when John went down, he forgot about the pips.
“One of Jim’s friends.” John said stepping forward as well beside him pointing to one of the pictures. “This is Sebastian and this is James.” He explained first pointing to the blond haired boy then the darker haired one.
"So your a singer that's studying to be a doctor?" Molly asked confused as she bites into a candy bar that definitely would have melted.
Sherlock smiled softly watching him, he had to assure himself that this would be alright not expressing it allowed to not worry John more. He too was afraid not for himself but for John. He had no idea what they were getting themselves into all he could do was protect him. He hoped it would be enough.
Sherlock took the time to study John. For some reason he couldn’t deduce much about him, he looked to be perfectly happy with life, like someone who wasn’t confined to a single windowless room for weeks. Yet he was, what he could get was his age, younger than himself at nineteen so around seventeen or eighteen. He could tell he was hiding something by the way he kept adjusting his shirt as if something underneath it scratched against his skin. The only way he knew of John’s past was through Lestrade who unfortunately had the displeasure of being there to witness it.
I love you.
"I'm not smart like you Sherlock. I can't remember every little thing he said to me almost a decade ago." John said exasperatedly as he fiddles with his shirt.
"Screw safe, I have to protect John."
He drove as fast as he could and still missed John as his driver picks the band up.
His gaze shifted from Greg to the dark figure beside him, leaning against the side of the cabinet inside the car. He had a playful smile on his lips and a loose, open expression, apparently unaffected by the current scene of things. Sirens off in the distance and shouts of the paramedics, chaos around them but all that seemed to dull as he watched Sherlock. He was at ease, perfectly fine and confident in any environment, just as he wasn’t afraid before he lost him and just as he wasn’t going to lose his cool because of something like this.
Mycroft is sat in John’s chair spinning his umbrella beside him in a clear sign of impatience. Sherlock strides over, keeping confident and strong in his demeanor sitting on his own chair across from him and arranging John on his lap accordingly. John shys away from Mycroft, still keeping as close to Sherlock as possible but keeps an eye on him as if watching for danger.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, just kiss already so we can get on with this.” Sherlock grumbles pulling his feet from the arm of the chair and placing them on the floor so he can look away in disgust.
"As much as I wish I didn't have to say it dear brother, John should return to hospital. As should you." Mycroft said pointedly leaving his hand on John's arm.
"Goodbye, Detective Inspector." Sherlock calls as he walks down to the basement. He hands the security guard Lestrade's ID that he swiped saying he had permission and they let him in. He searches through everything on any Jim M. in London.
“Straight down the hall, there are clothes in the wardrobe.” Sherlock recites without opening his eyes. John nods to himself and ventures down the hallway feeling along the walls of the rough and peeling paint. The door on his left is slightly opened and out of curiosity John peeks his head in. It's a simple bathroom with just enough space for everything with hardly any room for anything else. He opens the door at the end to find a relatively large bedroom it was clean and the bed was made corners folded in like they were at the hospital. There were pictures of the periodic table and some kind of Chinese alphabet on the walls and what looked to be antique trinkets on the nightstand.
Now John; his lover, boyfriend, his entire life has been turned into merely a child because Sherlock failed to protect him.
-2150-
“Guess I missed my chance then.” Sherlock made a move to grab another so Lestrade took the box away and threw it on a chair in the corner of the room. “Your only using one a day, I’ll make sure Mrs Hudson sees to that.”
"Hmm?" John asks as he looks over to where Sherlock's standing, seeing his outline as his eyes adjust to the darkness.
“Never been better.” He stood and prepared for the scene he may turn around to see. They were probably holding hands and holding each other close or something equally as domestic and sickening.
“But.. why?” John asked his features falling quickly from mild confusion to something quite deep and dark.
“I know you’re not dead so you better get up.” John huffed, frustration to hide his worry and underlying pain of seeing him this way. He tugged at Greg’s shoulders but he gave no response and worry was really starting to eat John up.
Even though he was trying to hold in his smile to at least keep some of his pride as John leaned back and smiled at him he couldn't help but smile back. Lestrade was looking at him with a look that screamed 'Self proclaimed sociopath my ass.' Sherlock just ignored him though he knew he was right. After the smiles faded and the silence sets in (except for some TV noise)John spoke up.
"I can't believe you told her that! We don't even- W-Why, Sherlock? What could ever possess you-"
Sherlocks throat closed up as he pressed a kiss to John's head, silently vowing to put an end to all this as soon as possible and making Moriarty pay for what he had done to them. What he had done to John and put him through after all this time. “I love you too…”
“Shewock.” Came a quiet voice from Sherlock’s shoulder and he looked to him to see John making grabby hands towards the mantel. Oddly enough, his skull, he saw was what John wanted.
"Of course, anything for you Sherlock." She replied standing and pressing a kiss to his forehead before leaving him to look back across the hall.
“No, I can’t.” Sherlock said resolutely, leaving no room for argument. Lestrade sighed on the other side of the phone once again and most likely rubbed his hand through his hair.
"So, John." His aunt says cautiously sliding up to stand beside him as he chops lettuce. "Sherlock tells me you haven't been- oh how should I put this? -putting out." She says delicately placing her pan of pasta in-front of her.
Sherlock broke out laughing as well, even just hearing John laugh made his own bubble up. Ever since Molly talked to John about liking Sherlock, John has noticed a lot of little things about Sherlock he had previously overlooked.
“I won’t.” John grins his eyes falling closed slowly before opening one eye up at him. “I can’t move.” He says quietly just realizing it, confused and
A loud clatter echoed down from the hallway and the two men at the entrance two men suddenly frozen, an insult on their lips. A single word passed between their eyes in panic before they turned to the hall and ran as fast as they could through it. Argument forgotten in their haste.
He fell back into his pillow and after thinking for a bit fell asleep, for the first time in a while.
Sherlock remembers when John first came to the flat he was skeptical like most people would be when faced with a human skull on their flatmates mantel. A few days later John was examining the skull with a medical eye and asking questions about it. Months later he was hiding cigarettes in it as well, very comfortable with the human skull at that point. John could always surprise him.
He would hold him through sobs of pain either emotionally or physically. He would him through pleading for something to numb him. He would now hold him through the heartbreak of his mind.
“You will, I promise you. You will.” John believed him.
“John, please.. I have to go.” He stepped back and turned towards the window, it was still how it should be and he tried his hardest to get rid of all of Baker Street from his mind. Pushing the window open and glancing down below them, just two floors up he could make it down easy.
“You have the right to be.”
His imagination filled in the rest later on. The snipers not being taken care of, shooting John down and making his whole disappearance worth nothing. John dying only knowing that his friend was a fraud and had lied to him their whole friendship. It was worse than leaving him.
Sherlock smiled at him as well. “It is of the utmost importance, of course. I’m sure it is of importance for you as well to know that I am allergic to most kinds of fish.”
Sherlock looked over and there he was, standing there as if he hadn’t been there just a moment before. Staring out over the waters edge and after a moment glancing to Sherlocks direction. It was perfect, Sherlocks creation of John in his mind. There was no way anyone could tell him apart from anyone else.
“Precisely.” Sherlock said to Mycroft's reasoning that matched his own.
“It’s nothing.” Sherlock waves him off and stands going to the door but John was quick and jumped up holding the door closed before he could leave.
"Sherlock!" Molly yells after him and makes a move to follow when she realises she's only in a dressing gown. "Stupid idiot." She grumbles burying herself in her blankets. She can't believe she used to like him.
They parted ways without a word, there was no need for anything further. The work was done, information acquired and Sherlock was on the run yet again. He went to his hotel room checking it to make sure he was alone first before pulling his totem out of his pocket.
“Do you actually idolize me?” John asked giddy as they pulled back for breath after another long kissing session.
“Why not a wot, wike me?” John asks rubbing at his eyes with a small closed fist looking to be about the cutest thing in the world.
“Perhaps we should give them a little help?” Martha said mischievously.
“Broken.”
Like Sherlock is always saying.
“Detective Inspector Lestrade.” He picked up in a tired voice
"I might just be done. Honestly it'll probably be for the best for me but I'll get a bad rep for it." John explained to Sherlock as they walked down the path outside. "I just really don't want to let anyone down ya know?"
Stay safe, stay clean everyone!
"Hello?" John asked wearily walking slowly down the empty hallway. He thought of yelling at the screen to not go out alone because that's how they all die. Curiosity kills them all.
Within the week Sherlock declared himself recovered, he walked around before he was supposed to, nearly left the hospital all together and tried to break into John's room so many times they started to guard his door.
"No one is getting hurt, not any of us." John said firmly before opening up the door and getting into the car pulling Sherlock with him.
Molly crosses her arms over her chest, assesses him a moment before making a sort of ‘ah hah’ noise feeling very pleased with herself.
“Of course. Do you want me to..?”
"You're sure about this?" Sherlock asked doubtfully with a resigned sigh not expecting this to end well.
“You don’t have to treat me like a child, I don’t have to be sheltered.” John huffed out he makes his way to the open door.
“Lestrade, brilliant man, absolutely brilliant. Have I ever told you?” He said in revery as he ripped open the box.
After that they didn't speak of it or John tried and Sherlock made excuses and/or ignored him. That was getting on John's nerves, Sherlock was never quiet unless he was in his mind palace even then he would still mumble. So John found it very unnerving when he wouldn't talk to him unless it was about a case or tea. He kept trying for a few days then another case rolled in and it was forgotten in the hecticness of it all.
Sherlock dropped his phone immediately not bothering to hang up or give an excuse simply leaving while Mycroft was droning on about something or other. He rushed from the bedroom and into the living room to find a significantly smaller John who had fallen off of the couch and seemed to be holding in tears.
“No, of course not. Just said that in the moment.” Sherlock told him distractedly staring at John’s lips.
"John! Come on, JOHN!" Sherlock yelled banging frantically on John's door. He swore to himself internally and quickly went into his room.
“Mr Holmes? We’re ready for him.” A female doctor says briskly from her place at the door before turning and heading back up the stairs where she had been before.
"Why were you staring at me?" Sherlock demanded, the boy just blinked groggy moving his head a bit from side to side. "If your trying to deny it there's no point I saw you." The boy shook his head again but more forceful causing his head to slowly fall off his pillow and on the side of the bed. "Now look what you've done." Sherlock reaches out and lifted his head lightly back onto the pillow before backing away.
No, because Sherlock Holmes was stronger than John Watson could ever be and Sherlock would take the air out of a room by walking into it. He could calm the tides and figure things out in an instant, everyone turned to listen to him like he was some sort of god and really maybe he was. The end of it all was Sherlock really could handle so much more and John just hoped he could handle waiting until they could find him.
"Why? Why had you hoped I wouldn't remember?" He asked sitting on one of the bar stools keeping his hands away from the many substances and clasped in his lap instead.
"Yes because I'm the boss." John says proudly crossing his arms over his chest.
Sherlock exits his bedroom, John in his arms as they make their way together to the living room. Both a comfort to the other in this terrible situation that seemed impossible.
“It’ll be alright.” He said soothingly and it certainly wasn’t just for John this time, maybe it never was but he tried to convince the both of them with it. The small doctor nodded silently and leaned forward to hug Sherlock and to which it was returned readily, the last one they’d share here like this.
He puts on a pair of rubber gloves attaching the needle to the syringe and moving over to John. "Arm." He says holding out a hand expectantly.
"Come on." Sherlock grabbed his arm and they were off again leaping over rooftops almost slipping in the rain, this time hand in hand, holding each other up in a way. They dropped down into another fire escape and ran down a few flights before falling against the wall. Sherlock places a finger to his lips and John made sure to keep his heavy breathing quiet. They heard the gang run past over them and when they were gone both sighed in relief, John sagged onto Shelrocks side completely worn out. For some reason they both just looked at each other and lost it they just started giggling and couldn't stop. Probably some kind of hysteria from escaping death.
Sherlock stops suddenly and expecting something exciting to happen -now that he had stopped after almost an hour of pacing- John sits up expectantly. When he just pulls out his phone and starts typing quickly on it, John sighs quietly to himself and slumps back against the couch again.
“You’re not angry then?” Sherlock asks hesitantly hugging her back, lightly.
“You know what your father said-“ Sebastian tried to reason knowing there was no way he could stay.
"I do know that." He says adamantly lifting John's head lightly with a hand on his chin. "I won't let you disappear, okay?" John looks into Sherlock's eyes blazing with determination and finds himself believing him.
Sherlock watches him a moment the familiar jut of his lip reminding him of whenever John would try and hide how he was upset with him. He could always tell by just the small bit his lips seemed to stick out more then normal, John could ever lie to him anyway.
“Oh really?! Oh my god!” She jumps up and rushes to the door. “Maria!-“ She calls and the door shuts with muffled screams of excitement.
"You know you can be a strangely good influence on me sometimes." John said fondly look for over to Sherlock as he put his thin glove covered hands into his pockets. "Though sometimes it's the opposite."
“..why? Why are you doing this? What did I ever do to you?” John asked, demanding to know he was finally so happy and he had to come and ruin everything, he didn’t understand.
“That doesn’t matter. He’s not.”
"Thank you, truly." Mrs Hudson knew the importance of Sherlocks 'thank yous' as they were few and far in between even just having a conversation was usually cut short from his proclamations of 'boring'. His interest in John however odd and very un-Sherlock it was refreshing to see him caring for someone else. To actually sympathize with someone else's heartbreak was new to anyone who knew him and Mrs Hudson knew that and was mindful as such. She knew not to tell or ask as it could mess with this curious interest, so she would watch and wait to see what would become of it from afar.
Normal is boring anyway.
“Sorry not to be rude or anything but the walls are rather thin and your screaming practically into my ear. So if you could just keep a bit quieter that would be appreciated.”
"My cousin. My uncle and aunt's son, I always wondered why she left them. I figured it out almost as soon as I walked into the door. Any sane person would label my uncle abusive to substances and the people around him. My cousin as unstable and perhaps psychotic, but he's not." Sherlock leans forward his hands coming to his lips as he watches Johns carefully constructed expression. "He's smart and strikes with precision, every scenario thought out carefully. He knows where the edge is and how far to push someone without them falling over. He's not a maniac he's a genius with a short attention span and apparently you and I are interesting." John's expression quickly becomes angry. "We have to find him before he does something else."
“I am.. I’m just working right now.” Sherlock said despite himself, his tone was only getting softer. This figure was so much like his John, as it always was. The aching never fading from his battered chest, even in this state he wore the scars.
"Watson. But it's best not to dwell on it dear, perhaps he just needs time." She says patting his arm and getting ready to stand, he grabs her wrist as she does so. She jumps a bit looking taken aback at contact from him.
"I knew Sherlock would figure it out and drag you into doing something stupid." Greg tutted shaking his head exasperatedly.
"Sure." Sherlock says unconvinced and they walk back to the rooms, bickering back and forth again.
“It wasn’t that difficult, I only replaced a few things so most of the mechanism is original. Do you like it?” Sherlock asked watching him as he looked it over.
“Would you?”
He didn’t wonder anymore. If he’d known how shitty this whole thing would be he'd have taken up using with Sherlock instead.
“He his. He truly is.”
“Most importantly, why?” Mycroft asked watching him pace.
“We’re going to John you should be happy.” Mycroft knew -used to Sherlock’s antics- that getting him riled up would only push his drive to move. And using John’s name helped as well.
"Thank you." John said choking on the sudden lump in his throat forcing back tears. He felt Sherlock place a feather light kiss on his temple and John held him tighter.
If only it wasn’t John, it might be more fun. Every time he thought of John in the hands of his captor something inside of him broke off and died. Bits of his resolve crumbling and his anger growing with the increasingly dangerous situation.
One by one they climbed up fence dropping into the grounds of the school before them. Sherlock went first checking the area before allowing them to follow. Warily they look around, every rustle of the overgrowth they all jump at. Each of their nerves a tightly wound coil.
The sound of footsteps followed them down the halls, shiny shoes in Sherlock’s blood sticking to the floor as they walked.
“Jim, don’t make this any harder.” Sebastian pleaded quietly, moving to the window with his small bag of personal belongings.
“Why did you stay?”John asked quietly after some time pulling Sherlock out of his musings. He knew what he meant, because he thought it himself. Why did you stay when you’ve had all these chances to leave, he’s just some random person you met, why is he any different, why aren't you bored? Why do you stay?
John stood then, throwing Sherlock’s feet off him and the couch onto the floor. He mumbled something about tea and went into the loo.
John didn’t say anything and Sherlock waited, listening to the clock tick on the wall.
Sherlock purred at the praise.
Sherlock’s large gloved hand wrapped around his cock and he pulled up. He hissed.
John is alarmed to find he can not only feel Sherlock’s fingers fly across his keys (and isn’t that nice) he can also “see” what Sherlock is searching.
“I see what you mean,” John said. He moved his hands to Sherlock’s waist and walked around to join James. He stroked a thumb over Sherlock’s lips, still moist from the kiss. “Hard choice.”
John manoeuvred around until his legs were crossed.
“Don’t stop!” Sherlock cried. “That was my prostate!” He wriggled to try and get them to move again.
“John, John!” Sherlock shouted, alarmed. His cock was hard now. John knew the sensation was different.
Rosie’s chin started quivering. Oh, god, she was about to cry. If she ruined her makeup she’d kill him.
“Yes, good,” John said.
It was clear now: Sherlock holding him during the night made him feel trapped and brought back the memories.
“Jesus Christ!” John shouted as Sherlock started mouthing his penis through his pants.
“Ok,” Sherlock said, clearly still confused.
With that, he leaned back, standing at his full height under the hot Afghan sun. He could feel his cocky smile but didn’t force his face into something neutral. He’d earned it.
“Sherlock,” John said.
She was ready to jump in but the sub was already speaking.
They were silent for a bit. John knew he was waiting for John to tell him why he called. John didn’t really want to tell Lestrade he called because he’d probably given Sherlock an STI and their landlady had heard their very loud and frequent sex.
Sherlock stopped mid-sentence. He didn’t think he blushed, because all the blood in his body was rushing south. It had been a very long time since he’d heard John call him brilliant like that.
“Really?” John asked brightly.
“Good,” John said and started gently thrusting. The movement couldn’t have been more than three centimetres back and forth, in and out. But he was deep enough that Sherlock had to focus so John wouldn’t hit the back of his throat.
Sherlock took a sip of wine and waited.
"Watch out!" Sherloc shouted and pulled their Jawn out of the way.
He’d messed everything up.
“Oh, right,” John said and leaned forward.
“Sher— Sher—” he gasped every time Sherlock took a breath.
“My brother’s estate has been settled. I was charged with delivering this to you. Apologies for the delay, we had to be sure.”
It was like a punch to the gut. John had only a couple minutes to consider he even had a chance with Sherlock and although the possibility terrified him it had also electrified him.
Sherlock’s hand shook as he reached out and took John’s face in his hand.
“Tell me how it feels, pet.”
“You need to hold still for this,” John said. “That is, if you’re not going to be doing it to yourself.”
John walked backward, pulling Sherlock. Their kissing became sloppy, the movement making it hard to maintain proper contact. It didn’t bother John, and Sherlock seemed fine with it until John pushed him back into his chair.
“Fine,” she spat. “But if we find out later that you’re scheming with
Then, on the shelf, John saw a hat pin with a little bee on the end of it. Sherlock loved bees, but he didn’t wear hats, especially after the deerstalker incident.
With a whimper John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock and started moving it up and down, the grip strong and tight.
Bill hit Sherlock’s prostate and Sherlock groaned. He let his arms fall back to the floor and John’s cock slid to the back of his throat. His eyes rolled back as Bill hit the sensitive nerves again and again. There was a man in his mouth, a huge man, nearly choking him, and the man behind him was nearly violent. Bill started slapping Sherlock’s arse in time with his thrusts. Sherlock was thrown off balance, Bill’s hand, gripping tight enough to bruise, couldn’t hold him straight. His skin started stinging and John’s cock slid around, Sherlock only barely had enough focus to not catch it with his teeth. It slid to the side, pushing out his cheek with each one of Bill’s thrusts.
“Don’t you forget it,” John growled playfully, and went back down for another kiss.
Sorry I forgot to post last week. :\
“Because it’s true,” John said, confused. They’d had this discussion last night.
I think the title covers it
Those long, lean, graceful legs with those impeccably fitted trousers.
John’s heart fluttered. Was this really happening?
And John loved it.
“Oh, oh, oh!” he panted as he rubbed the dildo over the little nub again and again and again.
Sherlock took a calm sip of his own wine while his fingers undid John’s zip.
“Let the sound slide in, let gravity do the work.”
The tongue disappeared and Sherlock leaned back, chasing it.
Sherlock sucked and licked, rolled John’s bollocks with one hand, massaging them. Then he pulled off, looked up at John and used his other hand to massage the head of his prick.
Sherlock’s face fell and he was frowning when he said, “Oh, god, let’s not.”
He couldn’t really fit them both in so he lapped at them and rubbed them together, mouthing each of them.
“Are you watching?” Sherlock whispered in his ear.
“God,” James said as he pulled back. “I can’t decide.”
“Now, spread some of that lube on your slit.”
Sherlock did that as well, it was a nice fat clump.
“That’s nice,” John said.
John glanced up at the counsellor to see if he was allowed to look but she was staring at Sherlock with a frown on her face. John glanced at him and saw that he’d abandoned the folder on the floor and had John’s profile open. He was examining it as one would a slide on a microscope.
“Such a good boy,” John said as he dragged the feather along the underside of Sherlock’s arm. He avoided Sherlock’s armpit, tracing over his arm along the side of his neck. He brushed the feathers along Sherlock’s jawline and up his chin over his lips. He moved over to Sherlock’s cheekbone and was sad Sherlock had asked for a blindfold. He wanted to trace the feather over his eyelids.
Angelo was more than happy to give them a table. He even said he’d make a special menu for them.
“What?” John asked.
“Harder,” Sherlock gasped. He could still breathe.
John saw that Sherlock’s cheeks were faintly pink.
“Yes. I should do that now,” Sherlock said and sat up. His shoulders ached and he thought he had bruises on top of bruises.
“John! My sub! He didn’t run when I told him to!” Sherlock pointed to the ring on his finger. “Where’s John?!”
In other words, it looked like an arsehole and John was not at all interested in eating it.
“And?” Sherlock prompts when she doesn’t say anything else. He’s tall and thin, he’s had his growth spurt and his voice has dropped. Just because he hasn’t gone into a rut yet doesn’t mean anything. He could be a beta, or he could just be malnourished. He has a complicated relationship with food.
“It’s not like I can get more infected,” Sherlock said.
He put some clothes back on and went outside to find Mrs Hudson tiding up their living room.
“That’s better,” Sherlock said.
“…I’m on holiday.” Sherlock looked at Sholto through his lashes. He turned his triumphant smirk, which had appeared when Watson and Sholto confirmed his deduction, filthy. “And since my work is done I’d like to have some fun.”
"Houston to Watson, come in Watson."
“John?”
Not wanting to lose it John stuck it back in his wallet, making a mental note to give it back to Sherlock.
“SHERLOCK!” John shouted, his throat instantly sore with the force of his exclamation.
“Sherlock, you’re awake,” John said, striding in confidently. Then he winced a bit.
Sherlock noticed the change in movement because the fingers were gone and there was something thicker pressing against his hole.
John met Sherlock’s eye. “Oh?”
Sherlock raised up onto his knees, turned around and knelt, presenting his arse to John.
John wasn’t asking if Sherlock loved her if Sherlock wanted to keep her. No, he was asking if Sherlock knew she wasn’t John’s.
“Thanks.” She sniffled again. “And congratulations.”
“No, but Mummy and Daddy will want to.”
A rather portly man holding a manila envelope came into the room.
John looked at him and saw that Sherlock was acting like he didn’t care. John might have bought it too, the act was very convincing. But there was something about Sherlock’s face… There was a tightness around his eyes and his mouth that wouldn’t be there if he truly didn’t care.
“JESUS CHRIST!” John shouted and he fell forward, away from the sensation.
“Piss off,” the Dom said with a small smile.
This wasn’t sex, though.
Sherlock didn’t resist as John pulled him back and flipped him over. He blinked blearily up at John.
William narrowed his eyes. “Come on, we’re going to be late,” he said and stalked off down the hall.
." They pointed again.
He was helpless.
John called out to O'Murtagh several times as he ran to the ship's remains with the...
He’d never actually been restrained before, although he’d imagined it plenty of times. It was better than his fantasies.
The lift doors were open and Sherlock was standing inside with a strange expression.
There were a few relieved chuckles and after a few seconds of finding the rhythm again, Sherlock started floating.
“Sherlock,” John groaned.
“You promised you wouldn’t leave, you dick,” John shouted at him. He threw off his pack and made it over to the menace through sheer force of will.
John was in the sitting room, on the couch. He must have fallen asleep at some point during his show. And Sherlock was there, curled around him like an octopus. Sherlock was on his back and had pulled John down so John was laying on top of him.
“And what’s wrong with the landline?” replied Mike.
Since I don’t know how deep you all want me to go down this rabbit hole comment with ideas for the next chapters. The rest of this story will be smut with the predictable plot ending. ;)
“Not really,” Sherlock said. “If they wanted you just discredited they’ve pinned it on you. That they didn’t means, most likely, that they’re planning on killing you.”
commanding him to stay put and that he was sending a car to pick him up, much to John’s dismay. He knew he’d been abandoned, but having other people know, having the government know, was horrifying. He knew the officer coming would give him the test to see if he was a danger to himself or others, they’d pry into his marriage and if—
Sherlock made a dismissive noise. He didn’t like the cane.
“I have an idea,” John said.
He licked up John’s cock, dragging his pink tongue up the bottom before swirling it around the head. Then he stretched his mouth around John’s cock, looking John in the eye as he bobbed up, down, up, down before hollowing his cheeks and sucking.
would feel much better in his arse than his mouth.
“Shh,” Sherlock said. He stood in front of John and started undoing his buttons.
“No, it’s just… weird,” Sherlock answered.
for the beta
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed happily.
“Ahh~”
“Yes,” John agreed.
He stored it there with his dildos.
“What the
What if John wanted to see Mummy for Christmas? Sherlock wasn’t sure he could live through that again.
When the lift doors opened John let Sherlock lead and tried not to think about the arse hidden by that great coat.
Sherlock had plenty of time.
“It’s ok, pet, just let it fall. You’re doing so good.” John licked his lips and started running his hand up and down his cock.
The handcuffs were unbuckled and John hissed in sympathy. Sherlock figured they were rubbed raw. He could feel them now that John had drawn his attention to them. They didn’t hurt as much as he expected. He felt like he was floating and he realized he was approaching subspace.
To Sherlock’s horror, John’s face twisted and he followed the command. His whole body was quivering and Sherlock made a strangled desperate sound. He needed to command his sub. He needed to get John out of here. John was his sub, his responsibility, and here he was, following another Dom’s commands.
The case took several irritating days. The clues were scattered and hard to come by. Sherlock said he felt like he was working through fog. John insisted he take the antibiotics anyway and that they didn’t cloud his thinking. Though, the alarm John set because they had to be taken at the same time every day had alerted the criminals to their presence dragging the case out even more.
Little dots appeared and disappeared rapidly on the screen.
“I think I want to marry him,” John said.
The toilet flushed and it took John a bit to wash his hands. He returned to the couch without turning on the kettle.
John watched Sherlock pull the bedsheets down.
I have no idea how rabies vaccines and rules work in the UK so suspend belief.
“Jesus,” John gasped.
“I’m fine, John.”
“Good boy,” John said, petting Sherlock’s curls.
Three more hits and Sherlock was nearly incoherent. These came down directly on his arse, shoving the plug deep and pushing it in hard. It pounded his prostate and Sherlock cried out, “Ah! Ah! Ah!”
John had been showing that expression every time he saw Sherlock from the very beginning.
Sherlock grunted in response and John realized his Dom had just come. He must have been desperate to wank instead of wait for John to be able to finish him.
“Nonsense,” Sherlock said airily. “I quite like the results, as long as you’re the big spoon.” He tried to lift his hips again. He couldn’t, but the attempt made his point clearly.
“No,” Sherlock said. He spread his legs wide and John laughed.
Sherlock had intended to give John the sheet and wrap him up, to tell him to run down and get Mrs Hudson’s sealed back up bottle. To use the stairs to help John with his leg. But John was leaning over Sherlock, and his hard cock bouncing in his face.
Sherlock carefully ran his hand over his cock his body shaking.
“Not you, John. I wasted all our opportunities.”
Sherlock tried not to look too smug or nervous. He hadn’t told Lestrade that he was proposing just in case John said no, he only said it was for John’s Christmas present. He couldn’t bear the idea of Lestrade and Molly giving him pitting looks if John didn’t say yes. Now that the two were a couple they’d gossip worse than ever.
“Well, lucky you have a qualified doctor willing to take you on as a patient.”
“Husband?” John guessed at finishing her sentence. When she didn’t say anything he assumed he’d guessed correctly. “No, of course not.”
He moved John so he was kneeling and John felt Sherlock’s shirt front against his back. Then he took some of John’s conditioner and started wanking him. Sherlock’s movements were slow, meticulous. He was in no hurry.
John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock, he possibly guessed Sherlock had been stealing his things, but he didn’t say anything.
Sherlock did, raised his hands over his head and pushed his hips into the air. The welts stung as he moved and he plug shifted and he was panting with pleasure.
Instead of wrapping his hand around Sherlock’s cock, like Sherlock expected—
“I…” Watson started but trailed off. He pursed his lips and looked at the ground.
About halfway there he caught an odd scent on the wind.
Sherlock frowned.
“Ah, ha! Nn, John!” This time Sherlock was fighting to not push into the contact.
“Are you hungry?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock crawled up slowly and laid on the bottom edge of the bed. He knew John did this so the belt didn’t wrap around and hit something he didn’t want it hitting. In this position, the plug put a tiny bit of pressure on his prostate. The little bundle of nerves used to be sensitive but now what made him hiss in pain before made him sigh in pleasure. He thrust forward and got more prostate stimulation. He moaned.
“No, it’s really not,” John said with a dark chuckle.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Colour?”
Sherlock gave John one of those half smiles that made his knees go weak.
John remembered caring for Sherlock those months after, how Sherlock had been so jumpy and self-reliant to the point of idiocy. John had wondered why, when Sherlock wandered around in nought but a sheet on a regular basis, he’d suddenly become shy and refused to let John look at any more of his body than was necessary to check the bullet wound.
“Thank you, thank you,” Sherlock sobbed.
When they were done Sherlock hailed a cab.
Sherlock pulled off, wiping his mouth. He gripped John’s hips with both hands and pounded into him. John’s muscles clamped down on his cock and he saw John, flushed, sweaty, with come splattered over his stomach sent Sherlock over the edge. He gripped John’s hips hard and his bollox hit against John’s arse as he came.
Sherlock opened it and took out a letter.
“John?” Sherlock was alarmed now. Had John gotten dehydrated? How had he forgotten how hot it was? How could John stand touching him? He was boiling!
John licked his lips with his brow furrowed. “No?”
Sherlock nearly chocked when he cried out. His legs shook but he couldn’t close them. John watched his cock start to bob. His eyes rolled back in his head.
John reached down, releasing one wrist and twisted Sherlock’s nipple.
“Ahh~”
John growled low in his throat and dived at O'Murtagh. They fought on the ground, neither gaining the upper hand due to their suits.
Special thanks to my beta for looking this over. I messed with it after they had a look so all mistakes are my own.
Was Sherlock bisexual too?
“’m fine,” Sherlock almost said John but caught himself, “sir.”
John was his! John was
John tested the massager he bought, making it buzz as he added batteries. He’d been embarrassed at the shop picking it out but imagining it in Sherlock gave him the strength to ignore the shop girl’s, “Have fun!” as he left.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “No need for that, John. I’m not one of your women that needs constant compliments.”
She stood and glared at him, “Sherlock Holmes, you are an omega. The sooner you accept your place the happier you’ll be.”
He didn’t know. He wasn’t allowed contact with John until the ceremony. It was an obvious attempt by the government to keep people from deciding they hated each other and fleeing the country. The fact that his marriage was in three days was another sign they wanted to speed things along. It took most people more than three days to up and leave. After the ceremony, they’d be given counselling and there they’d decide where they wanted to live and discuss limits and all the other things Sherlock wanted no part of. Maybe he’d be lucky and this John wouldn’t want to live with him. It wouldn’t be unheard of for a married couple to live apart. As long as the time they spent together equalled three months of the year the government didn’t care. And if John didn’t want to have sex with him he’d be spared talking about limits.
“That’s ok. It’s not all bad; I got you.” He pulled her to her feet and into a hug.
“Good boy,” Sherlock said and kissed John’s skin as he dried him.
Once it was turned off and Sherlock fell forward, hitting his head against the headboard.
When John hesitated, torn between following the order and wanting to protest but being unable to, Sherlock said, “Don’t worry about the landlady, she knows better than to disturb us.” He knew John’s worry, that he’d get caught naked would dominate his thoughts and he wouldn’t think about his leg at all.
Sherlock laced their fingers again and pulled John’s hand up before letting it go over his heart. John felt the strong steady rhythm, could feel Sherlock’s lungs expand under his hand and against his chest.
John took both their erections in hand and stroked. He set a brutal pace and came not a minute later.
“Oooooohhhh,” Sherlock groaned.
“Sher! Sher! Sher! Sher!” John chanted, his head thrashing back and forth.
“No,” Sherlock said.
John didn’t wait for Sherlock to recover, he bounced the feathers along Sherlock’s toes. He attacked mercilessly. John stepped to the side and brushed the feathers along the tops of Sherlock’s feet.
Their lips touched once, a chaste peck. Then Sherlock pulled John down again, and again, and then held John, a large hand wrapped around John’s neck, long fingers buried in John’s hair, for a filthy kiss. Their tongues slid together. John cradled Sherlock’s face in his hands, running his thumb across Sherlock’s cheekbone.
They curled up together in the bedroom, falling asleep in each other’s arms.
Whatever the drug was it was fast acting.
Sherlock could feel himself glow.
While resting there in postcoital innate state, Sherlock storms into his room. John is very glad that he had managed to finish. He is not quite sure how he would have been able to handle Sherlock storming into the room while he was in mid-process. He would need to talk to his flatmate about boundaries - again.
Sherlock crowded John up against the tile. He kissed John, groaning into his mouth when John reached down between them and stroked Sherlock’s erection. Sherlock broke the kiss to thrust forward. He rolled his head back as John stroked him.
Sherlock ducked under the clumsy attack and dodged again. He was very agile.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John gasped.
John twisted his finger before removing it. Sherlock whimpered at the loss but stopped when the smooth plastic of a toy pressed against his entrance. It was small, not requiring too much prep.
"That's a plant, Sherloc," Jawn said.
“Good boy,” John said when he took the tool away.
“Colour?” John asked, wanting to make sure he was reading Sherlock correctly.
The sexual score was alarmingly low for someone with the other scores. John double checked and there was a little
John is torn between mortified and fascinated.
The cab door opened and John, already torn between running to help his Dom and maintaining a tactical advantage, froze.
“Amazing,” John breathed.
“Extraordinary, truly… extraordinary.”
(And, the others never ceased to remind him, he was too small to fight properly.)
Sherlock’s hand on his cock twitched.
He forgave Sherlock for thinking he was into this. He knew he’d draw the same conclusion if he’d been the one to receive the package. Of course, John wouldn’t have gone through and opened Sherlock’s mail in the first place. But, it was an understandable conclusion.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up before his brow furrowed in confusion.
“It’s wonderful,” John said.
Sherlock knew he could force the issue, could blackmail them, could coerce Watson (and maybe Sholto) into bed with him. But that wasn’t how he operated. If they decided to carry on a forbidden romance it wasn’t any of his business and them not wanting to have sex with him would result in inferior sex. It would ruin the whole thing.
Over Sherlock’s dead body.
“Please what?”
Shout out to my beta
“Yes, sir. Please,” Sherlock begged breathlessly.
Mycroft clicked on the link that would take him to John's profile. He read it through twice, not believing in luck but uncertain what else this could be. It was too perfect.
Sherlock found his own eyes getting misty when they broke the kiss.
“Colour, Sherlock. Give me a colour, pet.”
Sherlock nodded at John and tried to use a corner of the sheet (half ripped off the cot) to remove the semen from his abdomen. But it had already dried. He frowned at it.
She frowned at that. It was recommended that couples engaged in regular intercourse to keep their relationship strong. She said, “John, is that ok with you?” to get through this part.
John had plans for that erection.
Sherlock frowned at him. He thought they already established that. “Yes,” he said when John didn’t say anything.
“Well, yes. I am, but—”
All he could smell was sweat and sex. His whole body was slick, his legs and cock burned, he was being touched by so many hands, but none of them were where he needed it. Testicles slapped against his balls, raising higher with each thrust. His forearms slid on the carpet and his fingers balled into fists.
“She didn’t ask me anything about the bomb.” And that was strange to him. He would have thought, that since he discovered it and was seen running from the scene that they would have had a few questions for him.
“Colour?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock did.
A man. He’d been matched with a man.
John waited for Sherlock to exit the elevator first and followed two steps behind. Sherlock knew a lot of Doms wanted their subs to do that but Sherlock found it aggravating. He wanted to look at his sub, to reassure himself that John was there. Even though he could hear John and his cane clearly Sherlock wanted the visual confirmation. Maybe he wouldn’t when he knew John better and he could deduce his mood by his tread.
“What, dear?”
Rosie wailed again, like she had nearly every hour of every day for the past two days.
“Do something,” Sherlock demanded. He wouldn’t beg. He tried to think of something he could say that would convince his brother, but nothing came to mind.
John was still breathing heavily out of his nose and Sherlock was standing very close to him.
“It’s chess,” the man said.
He took his coat and spread it across the floor while John took off his shoes, trousers and pants. John kissed Sherlock and ran his hand up under Sherlock’s shirt.
The dates were from the night John had tried to propose to Mary.
Sherlock didn’t answer he just came over to John. He reached down and stroked John through his trousers.
John shuddered and twelve strokes later buried his head in Sherlock’s neck. He came, stifling his cry with Sherlock’s shoulder.
John thought that Sherlock solved an awful lot of murders and never said that but thought it best to keep his mouth shut.
His phone pinged twice and he looked down at it.
Sherlock waited until John had a sandwich and some tea in him before cuddling up to him.  He pawed at John until the wretched turtleneck was on the floor. Sherlock kicked it under the chair. He’d dispose of it later.
John had never experienced rimming. Either as the rimmer or the rimmee.
John nearly fell over. "What?"
“That was… brilliant,” John said.
“You want the cane?”
Well, she’d hoped for more but clearly, she wasn’t going to get it. She decided to change the subject. “And what is your profession, Sherlock?”
Another crack and pain bloomed over his hip. “Two,” he said as he rut against the sheet. His erection had wilted a bit during the spanking, taking some of the pressure off but now it was filling so fast he felt dizzy.
Sherlock soaked in the praise.
“Sherlock?” John called, looking for his boyfriend in a room filled with strangers.
Sherlock smirked but kept his pace. Both he and John groaned loudly when Sherlock bottomed out. Sherlock waited there, petting John’s back as they both adjusted.
Sherlock’s teeth scraped against John’s hole.
"Can anyone hear me?" John tested his suit's communicator.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sher-lock!” John complained, fingers tangled in Sherlock’s hair, head thrashing back and forth.
"No," John growled. He hadn’t told NASA about Sherlock, and he decided that he was right in that decision. Everyone would agree with O'Murtagh.
It was difficult for Sherlock to move his arm to block the light from his overly sensitive eyes. Who was this person?
The hands were on him again, pushing and pulling on him. He didn’t care, it didn’t matter. They picked at his bones, and the only thing that held him together was the knowledge that, if he died now, there wouldn’t be anyone to defend his friend.
But, what if his Dom had a sub he was dating and just hadn’t collared yet? What if his new Dom resented him? He was already in bad enough shape that his Dom will probably be disappointed when he saw him.
“Hm?” Sherlock looked up and focused on his surroundings.
“She’s gay, John. As am I,” Sherlock reminded him.
“Well, we’re not all old men,” Sherlock said, haughtily.
John rolled his hips impertinently.
“Ahh~ Ahh~ Ahh~”
John might have laughed if the sight of Sherlock so dishevelled holding his hard leaking cock wasn’t so bloody hot.
Sherlock held the condom’s base as John fell sideways off of him. Then he removed it, tying a knot to keep the come inside. He wanted to compare it to the last sperm sample he’d taken from himself.
He wanted John’s ring on his finger, proof that John had chosen him and he wanted his ring on John’s finger so all the various people who wanted to flirt with him would know that he was taken. That he was Sherlock’s.
By the time she was focused on him, discussing Dom space and Dom drop and the difference between the two and what to do in each case, John was recovered.
“Hey, you ok?”
Sherlock made a desperate sound low in his throat.
John wipes his face and they stare at each other, both aghast for different reasons.
“Ahhh,” Sherlock moaned and writhed a little.
His mother didn’t react, just looked at him with sympathy.
“She was right, of course. We’d both met the loves of our lives and only she was brave enough to take the leap.” She paused, looking down at the words she’d written but clearly not seeing them. With a deep breath she looked back up. “She was happy. And when she said she wouldn’t remarry when Bill passed, well, I couldn’t argue. She was the smart one of the two of us.”
“Sherlock? What’s going on?” John asked as people filed past him.
Suddenly, John was accosted with the memory of tackling Sherlock to the ground after seeing him for the first time, the little pained gasp he had let escape. Had John bumped his broken ribs? (Most certainly.) Had he pulled out his stitches? (Probably.) Was it flashbacks from being trapped under an angry threatening man?
Sherlock didn’t have answers.
John didn’t tease him though. He just gave Sherlock the smile he did when he felt sad about Sherlock’s past and kissed him on the forehead.
Sherlock whimpered.
“Little optimistic, don’t you think? How many times do you think you can orgasm?”
“Watson, you ready?” John’s squad leader asked before transforming.
“You use a cane while you walk but you don’t rely on it when you stand. It’s not impossible but unlikely you’d been shot twice, and you move your left arm stiffly. Your guest at the wedding had an RAMC tag, a nurse, and you were clearly the doctor on his team, you had captain’s insignia, being a sub it’s hard to gain such a high rank without some sort of additional training. So, you see? You were right.”
"No!" Sherlock shouted and stopped the hit with one hand. He started bleeding from his arm and struggled over the pipe.
The sound of a text was nearly lost amid Rosie’s giggles and John dove for his phone. It had been seven months; Sherlock could return any day now.
“And you’re just worried now?”
Sherlock took John’s hand and had him step into the tub and lower himself into the water. He folded a washcloth and set it behind John’s head. Then he took out a lighter and lit the candles.
was the experienced one so he should be giving orders in a fight. But with a score like that he’d have no choice but to obey.
Sherlock wasn’t interested in a quick rough fuck. He wanted to worship John.
John huffed and shifted his legs.
Blood dripped onto the ground from Sherlock’s wound. The dark red staining the pristine white floor.
John was back. He shucked his clothes and crawled onto the cot between Sherlock’s legs.
“Just leave me alone. I can delete it all and you can pretend it never happened and we can go on as normal tomorrow.”
John stilled his hand by touching his wrist.
“I’m going to get to talk to Daddy?” she asks Mycroft warily, and it hurts something bone deep that she’s already learned to check her emotions like that.
“In a bit.”
“Rosamund, you’re all right,” he says, having no idea if she even registers his presence in the room. “You’re safe.”
He knows he should have expected her - she’s a staple as much as Big sodding Ben - but the sight of her still knocks the air from his lungs. A punch to the solar plexus that he didn’t see coming.
Greg notices Sherlock has yet to let go of John’s jumper either, and he watches as Sherlock physically shakes off whatever it was he’d been feeling - whatever ghost had been haunting him - as he pulls the phone out and answers.
“What, pray tell, are you referring to?”
Sherlock glances sharply at him. Greg smiles sadly.
Wherever it is that he ends up. Because he knows, try as he might, he’s not winning this fight.
There’s a moment of silence. It stretches. “I don’t know what John knew. I can gather what he assumed. I stopped giving him updates on Sherlock’s status five years ago.”
“And why didn’t he show it to me?”
“What if she doesn’t like me?” he asks quietly and Mycroft smiles, softening his next words.
The lock screen has come up, and Sherlock runs a thumb over John’s face, much like Rosamund had done in the car what feels like years ago.
And there it was again:
The Detective Inspector crowds in closer to get a better look and Mycroft tilts the screen, showing him John’s beaten and bruised face. “Christ,” he whispers.
She has a feeling she knows who Nana is talking about, but the thought makes her feel sick again and she suddenly wishes she hadn’t eaten so much.
He snorts and groans. “Can you still call me that if you married me under false pretenses?” His head lolls as he watches her step into the room, shadows throwing her once-soft features into sharp relief the closer she gets to the light. “I want my money back.”
“Yes,” he finally croaks, clearing his throat before trying again. “Yes, I suppose I am.”
“What the hell happened?” he snaps as he gets near the car and wrenches the door open.
Sherlock Holmes.
One rule and one rule only. He swallows hard and finally meets his brother’s gaze. “Where is he?”
Mary and Rosie are close, like any mother and young daughter are, but Rosie’s getting older. She feels the separation more and more acutely when they come home for the fifth day in a row and Mary is not waiting.
Mycroft looks down and pretends to fiddle on the tablet, but giving up the charade, he meets Sherlock’s gaze in the mirror. “Yes, we believe she did.”
Lestrade returns from the kitchen and hands Mrs. Hudson a sherry, a libation that Mycroft envies, and the pluck of a string from the corner proves that Sherlock has found his violin.
John could practically feel the vein throbbing in his forehead. “Sherlock! The plan! The plan to get Sherlock back!”
child - to see.
He thumbs out a response as he goes to sit in the wooden chair by the desk. It seems inappropriate to occupy either of the other two.
“The one time you don’t meddle! You meddle in everything!”
“Good,” he echoes, reaching up, flicking the switch, and casting the room into darkness. Leaving the door open, he sits down on the top step with a grunt, letting recent events wash over him. He feels like he’s lived a decade in a day. Did Mycroft only come to get him that morning?
“Probably.”
“Sleepover, she said.”
For now.
She wonders if the clipping is stuck in the chapter about the heart on purpose.
He swallows hard. “I do.”
He should have known better. John would only go if Sherlock went first.
“Sherlock said she was at the pool.”
Mycroft stares at him for a moment, before holding out his hand and letting Lestrade coil the chain in his palm. The pearl in the red flower winks at him in a mocking fashion he’s sure he’s seen on Ms. Morstan’s face before.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to go.
"Christ, Sherlock," he breathes, taking a step forward and reaching for him - needing to press hand to heart, to feel the beat beneath his palm. What he tried to do and failed to find in the ambulance bay at Barts. What he wanted to do but didn’t dare when he was approached in a car park two years later. But this time -
“That memory stick you keep bringing up,” Mycroft replies. “John is not the only one who’s seen it.” He doesn’t elaborate and the detective doesn’t ask him to. He probably assumes he’s referring to Sherlock, so Mycroft won’t let on that there’s a veritable army at MI5 whose sole job it is to track the moves and motives of one Sophia Moran.
“Okay,” she replies even as tears spill onto her cheeks.
There’s silence on the other end of the phone and he waits what he considers an appropriate amount of time before continuing.
Mycroft swallows and nods, but he can’t really refute that. He’s convinced that the only reason his brother lived as long as he did was because of John Watson. The army doctor is why Mycroft didn’t pop over one day to find Sherlock laid out on the floor mid-deduction with nothing to his name but a vitamin deficiency and a hoarder’s worth of cigarettes.
And there she is, the little girl beneath the veneer of typical Watsonian bravado. The six-year-old who probably misses her father more than she can adequately put into words. A child trying to be brave in a very grownup world.
“Tampering with evidence?” he asks with a smile. Sherlock’s cheeks flush, as if caught.
“We’ll all be there tonight,” he assures, because he knows that Mrs. Hudson will need to lay hands on those she holds dear herself. Will need to feed them up and ply them with tea and cocoon them in knitted blankets that have soaked up too much perfume.
She can hear him swallow where her head is tucked into his neck. It sounds like a gulp. “Yeah, sweetheart, I think she is.”
“Hello, husband.”
John’s throat went tight but he managed a nod and stood to leave. He had a part to play and it would take more emotional and physical preparation than a painted on moustache and bad French accent. Still, the memory made him smile.
“It’s been too long,” she lovingly chides.
Mycroft looks over to find Lestrade hovering in the doorway, looking just as astonished as Mycroft feels. “Productive?”
Greg inhales sharply as the sharp pain flares in his chest.
“I do. Very well, but…” he trails off and clears his throat, “it’s been a long time since I’ve seen him.”
“Where are we going?”
the Inspector for his choice of words, but Sherlock’s been chipping away at his fortifications all day so, though he’s loath to admit it (and he’ll
It was never tedious, he’ll give it that. He got captured in Uzbekistan and the resulting weeks made Serbia look like a seaside resort specializing in yoga and whole grains. That was around month seven, the lowest of the lot, when he had truly thought
he very nearly says and then decidedly doesn’t. He considers the question carefully, though. “I’m not sure she does. Not entirely.”
She runs her finger over the gold lettering in the spine, before a piece of paper sticking out on top catches her eye. She pulls the book off the dusty shelf with a grunt and lets it fall open to the page in question. A picture of her father stares back at her, or rather he stares at the man at his side, and she gasps, little fingers already reaching for the newspaper that’s yellowing slightly with age. She traces over her father’s face - he looks younger. Not so many lines around his eyes. Not so much silver in his hair. But it’s still him and she feels an acute ache in her chest - one that hasn’t quite left since he left her last night.
Supposedly.
“So would I,” she says succinctly, nodding a bit as if it’s a certainty.
“But how can you be sure?”
And Rosie sees it then - the fire in her eyes. It only makes an appearance when she’s done something particularly foolish or dangerous - but never like this.
‘Needed elsewhere,’ indeed. It’s certainly not a sight he ever thought he’d see.
The car lurches forward, and his face is mashed against the metal floor, the angle of his bound hands torquing his bad shoulder, sending fire through his already immolating body.
Greg isn’t a member of the force anymore, but he does consider himself a satellite member of this rather broken family. The fact that he’s only just now being told nearly 24 hours after the fact is a bitter pill to swallow.
“They’ll know we’re at 221B, though. Can’t hide that wallpaper,” Lestrade says with a huff of laughter that brings the hint of a smile to Mycroft’s face.
He makes his way over to Sherlock who’s watching Rosamund carefully climb back on the sofa and settle in once more. Contented for the time being. Comforted.
Upon further introspection, though, he thinks that perhaps ‘soft’ is what his baby brother has been all along.
He clears his suddenly tight throat and nods. “Yeah. I didn’t think you remembered me.”
“Me?”
“You don’t look like you climb over rooftops,” she accuses, weighing him and apparently finding him wanting.
“Well done, John.”
Mycroft lifted an imperious brow. “I beg your pardon?”
Rosamund wiggles and he sets her down, watching as she runs into his former landlady’s arms and buries her face in her predictably floral print dress. He has a strange desire to do the same.
“You could have just called, instead of driving all the way out here and wasting precious time,” he snaps.
“Is he okay?” Her voice is tremulous, but stern. It reminds him of Mummy.
It’s the way it should have been. The way it could have, had fate not had such a sick sense of humor.
Mycroft arches a brow. “Would you have answered?”
He walks with a slight limp these days and when it rains, his shoulder aches something wicked. New scars line his body, intersecting with the old ones, pink on white on red: a morbid bouquet of wilting flowers. He still has sessions with his therapist via video chat, but it’s only as needed. And it’s needed less and less as the days go on.
She’s safe. She’ll be safe. She’ll call Mycroft and he’ll come get her and then, hopefully, they’ll find him.
A cloud covers the rare peek of sun, throwing their standoff into cool shades of grey.
“Oh,” comes the quiet reply and he looks up to find his daughter staring into the kitchen, at a tray of biscuits cooling on the counter. Mary’s atonement for her absence, no doubt.
Was Rosie merely an inconvenience? A further tether to the anchor of domesticity? John would like to think that the woman he conceived this child with loved her to some extent, but now - as he sits across from her and stares into her dead eyes - he’s honestly not sure.
Given the fact that she has a hip, she makes it up to the third floor in
“Appeasing a six-year-old,” he murmurs.
Sherlock sighs and very nearly stomps off. Probably would have had his leg allowed him and he had been more prepared to make an exit. But Mycroft surprised him - foisted himself on Sherlock like an unwanted boil and now Sherlock has to improvise.
“Alright,” he says, voice hitching, throat tight, gently rocking him back and forth. “I’ve got you. It’s alright, now.”
“I’ve got you,” Greg murmurs, rocking him back and forth as Sherlock sobs out the past twelve hours into his neck. “It’s alright, now.”
“Is he?” Mycroft had asked, looking at him hard. Forcing him to see what Sherlock was convinced he already knew.
She hops up as if she’s been called to attention, crumbs littering the front of her jumper, but little brow creased in determination. He feels such a pang of fondness for her that, for a moment, he flounders.
“But Daddy still got taken.”
“Really,” he replied, disdain dripping from the word.
London beckons and, for the first time in five years, he cannot ignore her call.
“Fine, then,” he says as he turns, holding up two jars and trying to be blase about the whole thing. As if he doesn’t have the child of the man he loves and the woman who killed him for it sitting in his breakfast nook. “Strawberry or raspberry?”
“Oh.”
Sherlock stares, but doesn’t see, heart hammering in a rhythm he hasn’t been forced to keep time with in far too long.
“Thank you,” he says to Nana, looking again like he might cry, but then he spins about and gives the skull a little pat before pressing his fingers to his temple and going utterly still.
.” He can put it in his Mind Palace.
“Me?”
She’s a monster, to be sure. But not an entirely heartless one.
“The very same.”
Her stomach gives a rumble loud enough to draw attention and she slouches lower on the sofa, but Nana is up and all but hauling her off downstairs where she says she has bolognese warming on the stove. Knowing that she cooked Rosie’s favorite makes that uneasy knot that’s been in the pit of her stomach even heavier. Things really must be bad then if spag bol is on the menu and it’s not her birthday.
Mycroft didn’t even bother looking up. “Where he’s always been.”
Sherlock nods, and Greg stands back to let him lead the way from the bedroom, jumper and framed photo still firmly in his grasp. He tucks the necklace in his pocket, the one not occupied by Rosie’s bunny, and follows Sherlock down the stairs.
Mycroft sighs like the long-suffering martyr he pretends to be and Sherlock has had enough.
He turns to his brother who’s carefully watching the scene on the sofa with a kind of calculated wonder - like seeing a beautiful creature and knowing it can tear you to pieces the minute you turn your back.
Until then.
“Here,” he murmurs, pressing the tips of his fingers to the center of his chest. “I’d feel it here.”
Sherlock drums his fingers on his knee and presses his fist to his lips once more, closing his eyes and pretending he can still feel the press of John’s palm on his skin.
She hears another bang from downstairs, this one louder, and he tenses, lifting her deftly into the crawlspace, before reaching up and cupping her cheek in his palm.
“He’s been shot,” Mycroft interrupts. “No word yet on his current condition.”
“I’m sure he didn’t mean it, mate,” he manages, clapping an awkward hand on Sherlock’s bony shoulder.
He’s up and pulling on his shoes, beer bottle still in hand, mobile held between shoulder and ear before he even realizes he should probably put proper trousers on first. Cursing again, he drops the bottle on the counter and toes off his shoes.
Sherlock pretends he’s the only one in the vehicle, trying to get his Mind Palace in order. It’s been so long since he’s had to use it for something more malicious than honey tampering at the local fair.
“I don’t blame myself,” he says quietly, turning slowly to meet his brother’s gaze. “I blame you.”
“Yeah, I’m not as dumb as I look,” Greg replies. “I had my suspicions at the time, but the amount of shit redacted in Mary’s file sort of drove the point home.”
Or, knowing the Inspector, something decidedly more plebeian.
She picks up after the third ring. “Hello?”
“I want Daddy!”
“Christ! Should put a bell on you,” he says, nearly accusingly.
The sound of his daughter’s name jars him. It doesn’t deserve to be spoken in such an awful place by such a conniving person. A conniving person who was supposed to love her.
“It’s Sherlock.”
Fury threatens to consume him but he bites back his choice comments, mindful of the child across the table.
Who’s not happy? Daddy? But he always seemed happy with her.
Then again, they live on an island so the possibilities are plentiful. He tries not to let his heart sink too far too fast.
He listens as Sherlock slowly climbs the stairs and waits until the telltale creak of the bedroom door shutting before he lets his shoulders drop and pinches the bridge of his nose.
But it wasn’t to be.
“She has to pay,” he murmured and Mycroft didn’t disagree.
Lestrade inhales sharply and looks around the flat once more, as if he’ll find evidence of both men who’ve been absent from it for far too long. “When was John taken?”
What else did these counsellors talk about? Sherlock made a mental list of things to research.
“Sterilize the rest of your penis,” John said.
When the commercial came on Greg asked, “What are you getting Sherlock for Christmas?”
“I don’t want to fuck you,” Sherlock interrupted. It was strange. He normally didn’t care if he topped or bottomed, there was just something about John. He wanted to be able to see him.
And what was up with the limits? The things Sherlock wasn’t willing to try should be a soft limit at least. Did it mean he was open to trying
They moved together, finding a rhythm quickly and abandoning it just as quick. Sherlock started feeling on edge and he could tell from John’s cock and face that he was close too. Sherlock pushed on John’s hip with one hand. John got the message and sat back on his heels so Sherlock’s mouth was free.
John marched up to the door without waiting for Sherlock and entered the counselling centre. He had to lean heavily on his cane and he was irritated that it was no trouble for Sherlock to keep up. He asked the receptionist what room they were in and hobbled to the lift, pretending to ignore his large annoying shadow.
“I am in love with you,” Sherlock said. He annunciated each word slowly and clearly as though John was being particularly dim-witted.
it hadn’t been suicide! And a cabbie, that’s why there wasn’t a sign of a struggle.
it. He fell forward against John’s leg. He needed to feel him. To smell him. To be connected to him.
Christmas Eve
John felt something in his chest clench. So, Sherlock did expect a Christmas present. That meant he had one for John already.
John looked down. “Oh, this thing?”
John had just given up not watching Sherlock when he can feel the itch in the back of his mind that signals he’s going to turn back.
He sat on the stool and looked in the microscope and waited.
Of course he wasn’t, the look John had given him had unsettled him. He needed to be lost in sensation in order to come.
He heard people entering the building and footsteps on the stairs. Lestrade came in, weapon drawn.
John wanted to tell him to stop but didn’t want to ruin it by scolding Sherlock. He might be in a weakened state and John didn’t want to misstep.
John knew the idea was stupid. It had been years ago. The man probably never lived in London to begin with, and even if he did, he was probably married with kids by now. There was no way someone who looked like that, and was that good in bed, would stay single.
“Alright.”
This was the most comfortable John had been since he returned. If he’d known his husband, his Dom, would be like this he would have been thrilled to be married. He regretted that he’d been too busy dreading the ordeal to enjoy it properly.
When Sherlock untucks himself John closes his “eyes”.  He prays that he doesn’t turn back until Sherlock is done and leaves the room.
“Oh, I’ve already rented out my flat to a lovely couple but I’ve left upstairs alone—aside from cleaning out the fridge. Sherlock will never forgive me when he comes back if he’s homeless.”
“It would have become boring almost immediately. I’m not one to take orders,” he continued.
He waited and when Sherlock didn’t relax or start up a conversation John said, “He said you weren’t a good man.”
He looked up at John, alarmed. He paused his adulation of John’s cock but kept it in his mouth.
“Oh!” he gasped as he ran straight into Sherlock. He took a step back and saw Sherlock look at him piercingly. He was deducing John.
“What?” John asked. But Sherlock was already sliding past him. John stepped to the side only to find the door shut in his face.
"Why are you talking to yourself?"
“Fuck me,” he said and held his mouth open.
“John, come,” Sherlock ordered, startling John out of his highly inappropriate daydream.
“Your little pet isn’t here. Told ‘im to wait on the street. It’s getting late, he shouldn’t have ta wait for too long.”
“Oh,” he gasped. John had worn that when he went out. He’d talked to people, rode the bus and the tube with it in.
“Clever of you to hold hands,” Sherlock said, his hands folded in his lap.
Sherlock gasped and watched as John worked his way down Sherlock’s cock. John fondled his testicles and looked up at him. Then he hollowed his cheeks and worked up and down.
John hummed.
Sherlock breached him and John yelled into the pillow. He bit into it, wanting to keep quiet for Mrs Hudson’s sake below them.
“You… Um…” John didn’t quite know what to say.
He gave John’s arsehole one last good suck before deciding he’d done an adequate job and moving up to lie beside John.
Mrs Hudson’s glance to John wasn’t as subtle as John thought it should be.
Blankets were put on the floor of the bathroom and the dildo stuck to the side of the claw foot tub. Sherlock knelt, legs under the tub, and worked the lubed dildo into himself. Then John knelt in front of him, erection bobbing in his face.
Sherlock leapt out of the bed and scrambled into the room. He shut the door behind him and chased John into the shower.
He pulled up a promising video. A lanky young man with dark hair was in the middle of two soldiers. It looked like at a base camp. There was a short blond man, he had a captain's insignia and he looked to be in charge despite the man who was in a major’s uniform.
“Yeah?” John was anxious to fix her mood. He hadn’t meant to look sad, but he had never figured out how to hide his emotions from her. She was a lot like her mother.
“Come, Sherlock,” John ordered.
"What are you talking about?!" John asked as he held O'Murtagh's arm so the latch was just out of reach. "You'll go down as one of the first people on Mars!"
John dithered a bit, appreciating Sherlock’s normality but still afraid of himself, before turning off the light and settling next to Sherlock. If he left now, Sherlock would be distressed. John wasn’t going to lash out physically and then hurt him emotionally.
“Do you have any other plans for today?” John asked. Sherlock knew he was wondering what his gift was. He had seen John not-so-subtly looking under the tree.
“Sherlock?” John sounded worried.
Sherlock nodded. With any luck he’d be long gone by then.
“There you go,” John said, sliding the papers at her so hard they flew off the end of the desk.
“Few weeks now,” Greg said, smiling.
It wasn’t right to leave a sub to their own devices for too long. It was like leaving a Dom with no one to order about, they’d go stir crazy. Subs needed orders to follow to feel useful. Some needed more orders than others. And if there was no one about to give orders the sub might follow orders from anyone, do anything, just to satisfy that need.
He wasn’t sure how he was supposed to feel about Sherlock’s new attitude to casework. John knew he had to be there for his daughter. But he hated it when Sherlock came back with injuries. Plus, he’d be lying if he said he didn’t miss it. Sure, he still chased down criminals, but it was different tackling blackmailers that had been cornered. Just didn’t give him the same rush that dodging poisoned darts did.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John. “Why do you keep saying that?” he asked.
Sherlock looked around, all eyes were on him. Everyone was watching him getting fucked roughly by Bill. Clear latex stretched obscenely and snapped, some semen leaking out as James removed his condom. A drop landed on Sherlock’s flank. Sherlock spread his legs more and writhed. This was better than all his fantasies.
Sherlock huffed, then shivered as Bill licked up his neck.
John picked up his cane (proof that he needed a Dom in his life, according to his therapist, since there was nothing physically wrong with his leg). And went to go check his mail.
“Yes, please. Some of those biscuits, too, if you have some.”
“Like this?” John asked, repeating the motion with his thumb.
John’s movements became erratic and Sherlock took John’s hips into his hands, pushing him forward as he moved back and pulling John close as he snapped his hips forward. He kept the angle the same.
Like that half-naked ex-army doctor in his room.
Sherlock worked the plug in and out, lapping the lube that came with it from John’s skin and replacing it with his saliva. He spun the plug and moved it so it ground down on John’s prostate.
The counsellor was alarmed. She looked through her notes but didn’t see anything that would account for this reaction. He had a sister who was a Dom. He shouldn’t be reacting this way to a simple command.
“No,” Sherlock gasps with sudden realization. He knows what she’s implying. Late second puberty, scent changing after primary sexual characteristics have emerged…
John had already changed while Sherlock was making breakfast so as soon as Sherlock went downstairs John was ushering him out the door. Sherlock didn’t miss that John was licking his lips and that he’d checked out his arse before he put on his coat.
John walked through the door, staring at Sherlock with an open mouth.
He bought Sherlock a scarf, he knew Sherlock liked them, and gloves, his current pair had a little hole at one of the fingers, and they were very nice but they weren’t the perfect gift.
“Oh,” John said. Then what Sherlock said registered. “Oh!”
Clara had promised John that she wouldn’t press charges if Harry behaved herself during the divorce. Clearly, Harry had said something. Again.
Sherlock stood and stalked over, looking the man up and down before walking around him in a circle.
Honestly, he was a little surprised he was allowed to have sex with Sherlock. He’d always thought he didn’t have a chance. If Sherlock wanted to experiment sexually with him he was more than willing to participate.
“Lestrade?”
“I’d like to see it first,” he said.
“What are you thinking about?” Sherlock asked, draping his large towel around his shoulders.
The people holding him back were suddenly pressing forward. They had cameras and microphones, vultures descending, making a spectacle of his friend, pulling out his organs, dragging him through the dirt and mud. Sherlock was sinking and John was trying to hold the monsters back.
“Doesn’t have anyone to give him away?” Mummy was scandalized. She abhorred sub abandonment.
“Shut up, we can’t all be killed in action by terrorists while carrying out secret missions for MI6,” John said and pulled Sherlock into a hug. “Some of us had children to raise.”
John keened a wordless complaint but kept his hand off his cock.
John only paused when he heard a sound. Sherlock didn’t move to make him continue so John started to pull his hand away when he heard it again.
There were more tan lines indicating they went shirtless sometimes. John’s erection was indeed impressive. Sherlock couldn’t be sure as he was too aroused to make accurate measurements, but it was at least twenty centimetres long and the girth was remarkable. He regretted his decision—
“God, Sherl, you’re perfect.”
Sherlock was alive, pale, silvery and otherworldly below him. His clear colourless eyes were staring into John’s, reflecting the dim light from the streetlamps outside. He had his long fingers wrapped around John’s wrists, holding him back and keeping him close simultaneously. The corners of his mouth were turned down and his brows were furrowed in worry.
Knowing better than to wait for news of the rogue alien escape pod to hit the general populace, and that it'd be too much to ask that the pod would go unnoticed, Mycroft phoned the council member that took his place as leader while he was away.
“Ah, ah, ah!” Sherlock shouted with each exhale. John spun the wheel, scraping lines into Sherlock’s flesh over the hardened nub. Sherlock let out a high pitched screeching from between his clenched teeth.
Well, it wouldn’t hurt to try. He could always settle if negotiations didn’t go well.
Thankfully, John didn’t dismiss Sherlock. He traded spots so Sherlock could get some of the warmth and wash his hair. Then they traded and Sherlock took his body wash and washed John’s back. He knelt down and carefully washed John’s legs. He took off the soggy plasters and set them to the side. Scabs had formed so the wounds hadn’t bled much. His hands moved up and he groped John’s arse. John didn’t seem discomforted by the attention so Sherlock thoroughly washed each cheek then between them. He teased John’s hole and found it giving way in no time.
Hope you enjoyed it. You can find me on Twitter
“Stunning,” John said.
“My boy is too. It’s good, don’t you think?”
“Yeah,” he agreed dejectedly. He didn’t really want to cuddle if it was about proving a point.
Sherlock pursed his lips and glanced over. “Well, you know I’m married to my work.”
John’s thighs quivered against Sherlock’s arms.
John felt a puff of warm air and Sherlock’s nose on his arse before the tongue came back.
“Then why?” John wanted to ask why Sherlock was experimenting with him. Why he was playing games with him.
The Dom blinked in surprise. “Was it really?”
Sherlock called a cab.
“John! We have to go!”
“I’m not bisexual.”
“No,” Sherlock said with finality.
Sherlock’s cheeks pinkened and he mumbled something unintelligible.
John’s cock was getting harder so Sherlock sped all his movements, he rocked back and forward as fast as he could while kneeling on one hand. His hand blurred on his cock. He groaned, saying John’s name with a full mouth, humming for John’s pleasure.
John navigates a life with Sherlock Holmes
After an internal struggle, John held out his arm.
“Green,” Sherlock said. “I can’t describe it,” he clarified.
“I’ll change then we can go,” Sherlock said.
“Clear my schedule for two weeks from today.”
John was completely naked. He had his arse pointed to the door and was on his knees and forearms. The skin between his thighs glistened.
he’d tell Mycroft where the missiles were and he’d leave.
After he tried on, accepted and paid for his uniform he went back to his flat. He had wanted to go to Harry’s and tell her he’d been matched in person but after all that he wasn’t in the mood.
John’s eyes rolled back. God, he was already close.
“I love you,” Sherlock whispered.
John looked at the black door and squared his shoulders. It was time.
“Too much,” Sherlock said, biting back a whimper. “Is this how you do exams on your patients?”
“I love you, too,” Sherlock replied before his mouth was caught in a bruising kiss.
Right then planner called for their attention and John let himself be led away.
“I gave you an order, soldier,” John said.
But, he trusted John.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the man. He was clearly Watson’s commanding officer.
Sherlock was gay? Then what were all those articles? What was all that with The Woman?
“You didn’t ruin anything,” Sherlock said quietly.
Sherlock looked over, brow furrowed. He looked John up and down before his eyes lit with understanding. The corner of his mouth quirked up and he turned back to the phone.
“Yeah?” John asked as he did it again.
“Alright, alright,” John said, sounding fond.
John’s brow furrowed when he looked at the date again. He’d thought Sherlock’s birthday was on the eighth. The woman had texted him then; they’d even celebrated it on that day the next year. Not that John had thrown a party - Sherlock hated parties - but he’d brought a cake and…
His eyes were wide and there was colour on his cheeks. There were the beginnings of a tent under that skimpy towel.
Sherlock picked the phone back up and chuckled.
“Hadn’t really thought about it, to be honest.”
And he did.
John felt sick.
Then there were hands holding him down. “Let him put the condom on,” Bill said before kissing him upside down.
“Ah, Jesus!” With one hand James pulled Sherlock’s hair and with the other he held Sherlock’s head still while he thrusted.
“Such a good boy, last one.”
Deciding they could spare a few minutes Sherlock knelt between John’s legs.
“God,” John grabbed his cock and stuck it in Sherlock’s mouth.
O'Murtagh aimed the pipe at John again and John braced for the hit. The suit didn't allow for quick movements.
“How do you want to do this?” John asked breathlessly. Somehow he’d taken control of the scenario by letting Sherlock direct it. Amazing.
“Tell them I’ve had an emergency.” He couldn’t very well tell them that emergency was going to be his baby brother storming in demanding that Mycroft stop his marriage ceremony. He’d hold the mail so the envelope wouldn’t be delivered until it was convenient. If only he could always plan his brother’s tantrums.
He reached down to touch his erection but James slapped his hand.
He’d been hinting about going somewhere recently. Sherlock hadn’t really been listening. Was it a fancy dress party? Was he going to wear this there?
The page said:
“Relax, I don’t want anyone then you,” Sherlock said. As exciting as it would be to do this with another person Sherlock didn’t share. John was
John had just complimented him.
Sherlock came in with the supplies and looked confused.
“Gently,” John said.
“God, Sherlock,” John growled and Sherlock felt his blood rushing south.
No beta. Just writing and immediately posting. :P
He tackled Sherlock to the ground and they mock wrestled, neither gaining the upper hand until a knock sounded at the door.
James was behind him now (when had that happened?), he was rubbing his erection between Sherlock’s arse cheeks through their clothing.
“Sherlock,” she says sadly.
“It’s weird. It’s cold. It’s impaling me.” Sherlock made another noise.
“I need this. Next time we’ll film it so I can—”
“What does that mean?” John said, his body language more open.
“What did you have in mind?” he asked.
John dropped his head, pressing their foreheads together.
“Your scent… it’s changing,” she says, looking at him with pity.
The tail didn’t sit properly no matter how Sherlock moved it but he decided not to worry about it. A quick check in the mirror made sure his hair looked natural around the headband.
“I’m sorry for your loss,” John said.
“Fuck!” John’s cock hardened and he pushed Sherlock’s head down, thrusting into his mouth as he orgasmed.
Script reference:
“SHERLOCK!” John shouted and Sherlock’s mouth was filled with bitter salty come.
“Did you get it taken care of?” Bill asked, shaking off Sherlock’s attempts to hold his mouth to his skin.
The counsellor wondered if she should open an investigation. The sub was clearly abandoned. But, this Dom was very attentive. It looked like the sub would recover as long as he had his Dom. She made a note to have health and human services check up on them in a month or two.
Lestrade hadn’t teased John about the marks all over his neck. Just said, “About damn time,” (which made Sherlock strut around the scene proudly) and moved on to the case.
John ground his teeth; if he shouted he’d wake Rosie. “Mycroft,” he warned.
Sherlock whimpered something vaguely affirmative.
John frowned. What was he getting into here? His tastes in sex certainly weren’t vanilla by any means, but wax play wasn’t something he’d ever tried. It wasn’t something he’d ever wanted to try either. He was too afraid of injuring his partner or getting injured himself. Serious burns weren’t fun and wax play done wrong could leave scars.
Sherlock stalked back there and threw open the door.
Sherlock didn’t know which. He disliked not knowing.
“I don’t know why you bother calling. All you do is dump on me.”
It was him. It was Sherlock. He didn’t recognize him though. Sherlock probably hadn’t ever thought of him again. How could John have been so stupid?! When they ran into each other on the street Sherlock wouldn’t say,
“How long?” John asked.
He phoned Mike, thinking a pint was in order but he didn’t answer. He phoned Lestrade, who did and was happy to get drinks.
"What's it for?" Sherloc asked.
“Mrs Hudson’s…?” he trailed off, unsure of their relationship and not wanting to say something maudlin like
He took John’s erection in hand and bent forward until his lips were wrapped around the head. Then he held John in his mouth while slid in. He couldn’t get fully seated. He slid out and at the same time, he lowered his head, taking in more of John’s cock. He kept one hand on John’s cock and one on John’s hip.
John swatted him away. “You’ve killed me, Sherlock. Sucked all the energy right out of me. Succubus,” he accused.
He started humping the mattress and John yanked his hips up. He was supposed to come untouched.
“How did you know?”
John exited the car, leaning heavily on his cane. He wasn’t scared, even though most people in his position would be, he was angry. His wedding was tomorrow and as little as he was looking forward to it he wanted to be prepared. His dress uniform was being taken in (he’d decided on it for his wedding suit, he couldn’t exactly afford a new one), and he’d been on his way to collect it when the phones had started ringing.
The words winded John like a punch to the diaphragm. Because it was true: Sherlock sacrificed everything. For him. For them.
In. Out. In… and out.
“What memory stick?”
The video is less than two minutes long. Sherlock has been gone for twelve.
“Daddy calls me Rosie.”
But she’s six, maybe seven, depending on who you ask, when her father crashes through her door in the middle of the night. Her scream is swiftly silenced by his large, warm hand.
Mycroft stares at the mantle, the beep of the disconnected call echoing in his ear.
A smile ghosts across Sherlock’s chapped lips and he wipes a clumsy hand over his swollen face. “Ugh, that was tedious,” he says, trying for disdain and falling far short of the mark. Luckily, neither Greg nor Mycroft calls him on it.
It’s a precipice with an unknown drop. Sherlock looks up one last time and leaps.
He thinks of Sherlock, who’s God knows where, if anywhere at all, and of Rosie, hiding upstairs and scared out of her mind. His breath is shallow, but he thinks of them. He thinks of them and is calm.
Pain, pain, so much pain. Sluggish blinking. Shallow breath.
He sighs. These fucking Holmeses. “Yeah.”
He couldn’t even tell you when he was born.
He knows what those hands can do.
“We will get him back,” he promises. He’s spent a lifetime wary of making promises he can’t keep, but this one - this one he may just go to his grave trying for.
“Success?”
“You’re no wife of mine.”
“And who am I to argue with a Holmes?” he continues with a sigh. “I’ll get Rosie. You two…” he gestures vaguely with his hands. “Try not to commit murder or treason while I’m gone.”
He presses the door open to find Mrs. Hudson seated at the little table in her kitchen. Remnants of Rosie’s supper remain stacked next to the sink, but the nearly full plate pushed off to the side proves Mrs. Hudson didn’t have much of an appetite.
Though ‘answers’ is generous for the greeting he gives.
But before he can offer his apologies, she’s speaking again, voice tight with anger and anguish. “Did she do this?”
We're getting there, people. Slowly but surely.
“And what’s that?” Lestrade asks.
Whatever he saw in that video seems to have given him newfound resolve and, oh if it isn’t a beautiful thing to behold.
imagining had gone any other way. But wait -
But before he can do any of those things, he hears a sound like a hiccuped sob, followed by an unsteady tread on the stairs. He turns to the landing just in time to see Sherlock, the Ghost of Christmas Bloody Past himself, stumble into the frame and stop dead in the doorway at the sight of him.
Greg frowns and ignores the loaded look Sherlock and Mycroft share over his shoulder.
He clocks the use of Mary’s maiden name, but doesn’t press. He’s never been her biggest fan either.
“Fuck you,” he replies, and the line promptly goes dead. Bloody menace.
xxxxxx
returns.
say it aloud), he’s feeling rather raw.
He shook his head and clutched at his hair, backing up until his heels hit the wooden feet of the leather armchair across from Mycroft’s desk. And it was like a switch had been flicked: the fight went out of him like air from a balloon, and he collapsed into the chair, the weight of the truth pushing him into the cushions, enveloping him in leather that was cold and unyielding.
The hall light catches on the silver chain around her neck, the one she’s been playing with and tugging at all day. He leans over and oh-so-gently extracts it from beneath her pajamas, inhaling sharply when John’s dog tags follow.
Nana smiles, but it’s sad. There’s a lot of sad smiles today. “For years.”
He would know.
He’s about to move on when something on the floor at the foot of the bed catches his eye. He freezes, staring, at the stuffed bunny he’d purchased from Hamleys for Rosie on the morning she was born. He steps closer and studies the plush toy, clearly kicked out of bed at some point in the night. Its fur is more grey than cream, its velvet nose rubbed raw, and the woven tie at its neck is unraveling. It’s clearly loved and Greg can’t adequately describe what he’s feeling as he steps forward, reaching out with a shaking hand, and picks the bunny up in his hands.
Sherlock might never forgive him anyway.
He stands and makes his way towards the landing, listening. The tossing and turning becomes whimpering and panting, and he places his foot on the first step without really meaning to. Comforting has never been his forte - he’s called the Ice Man for a reason. But comforting a child? Comforting the child of John Watson who’s been through far too much in so short a time?
Greg remembers what caused them to get into the scotch that night just after John was back from his honeymoon, before Sherlock even turned up in a doss house. He recalls John’s slightly slurred but definitely wet voice, and the way his breath hitched as the admission tumbled forth from his mouth:
People always seemed surprised by that. By Sherlock’s ability to be more human than the lot.
He looks at the video again. Watches John lift his chin even as pain creases his brow.
It does the trick, though, and Sherlock extracts himself from the car with a fraction of the grace he used to carry, pulling the Belstaff tight around his body as he limps his way up to the front door. It opens with a creak befitting a horror movie, and it makes sense because that’s what awaits them when they enter.
It’s not the first time she’s alluded to knowing him. Or knowing
“You fucking idiot,” he hears someone say before he tilts sideways and his face mashes into the carpet he hoovered not the day before.
“You and John.”
“Rosie?”
The agent who tossed him the keys is waiting for them on the kerb outside 221, like a Bond villain’s valet. Greg parks but Sherlock is already off like a shot, slamming the door shut and striding unevenly across the pavement.
,” John had roared, voice echoing off the bland interior of the other man’s dungeon. “Do you think I wanted to leave him? Do you think I want to be there? We’re all playing a role, aren’t we?”
He needs someone that knows Sherlock, that knows John and all of their history. That can be a crutch for a brother who won’t accept the assistance Mycroft is trying haphazardly to offer. At the moment, he feels like a bike with only one good wheel. So, with a sigh and a prayer to a deity he doesn’t believe in, he pulls out his mobile and dials yet another number.
“And we’re sitting around having
Rose of the world. Not a name on John’s side of the family.
“And she’s John’s,” Mycroft counters, “so what does that tell you?”
Sherlock frowns at him, and it takes Greg a moment to realize his gaze is actually centered just over his shoulder, to the square mark on the wall.
Whatever that meant. He shifts on the bed again and turns to her as much as he can, staring at her solemnly. “I want you to know that I’m going to do everything in my power to get your father back. I know I said it before, but I’ll say it as many times as you need to hear it.”
“Much,” she murmurs, sinking her head into the pillow.
Sherlock places his hands on the counter so they don’t wrap around his brother’s neck. “I assume she likes toast and jam. She
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and glances around the room, laser-sharp gaze falling on Greg’s hands behind his back before moving on. He has more important battles to fight.
Mycroft hears the distant cry of a seagull the second before Sherlock says, “Eliminate anything not on the coast.”
He turns and watches Sherlock bury his head in the closet under the pretense of searching, but he’s definitely hiding. “How do you know something happened?”
“He’s been shot.” Best to lay it all out there. Quickly (
She nods and he stands to leave, but a tiny hand shoots out and grabs hold of his wrist. “Daddy, usually tucks me in.”
The song he eventually coaxes from the strings is not one that Greg knows, though it does sound vaguely familiar. It’s sad and somber but with a thread of hope, as if Sherlock is pouring everything he’s feeling out through his fingers and onto the bridge - a wish and a prayer.
His training never prepared him for this.
“I know you will,” she whispers, with a trust in him that he hasn’t earned. “That’s what you do.”
“Of what?” They know how he was taken.
“So, if he didn’t,” Lestrade says, thoroughly ignoring Mycroft who tries not to puff up in indignation, “then where is it?”
So much so that he blew into Mycroft’s office the next day with neither announcement nor appointment, but no one stopped him, not even Anthea.
He should have known that his brother would choose that moment to utterly kneecap him.
Daddy had had a small smile on his face by the time he finally wrangled her back downstairs, but it was sad. Very sad.
She does, and Sherlock opens his mouth, but no words come. Mycroft watches him swallow and reads the silent
“Detective Inspector, thank you for coming,” Mycroft says from his stance by the fireplace, facing away, knuckles white where they clutch the mantle.
Silence descends. Greg can hear Sherlock shut the bedside drawer as he inspects the square mark where the frame rubbed against the wall.
“Right, well. Do you have everything you need?”
Mycroft glances at the ceiling. “Putting Miss Watson to bed.”
say anything), but he doesn’t nod either. He merely stares hard at his brother, because after everything they’ve been through, he must
He had made one caveat, one exception, when he wrote his address down on a piece of paper with the succinct and irrefutable command that he was not to be bothered. Mycroft was not to come to him, but for one reason and one reason only.
He caved on Rosamund, but put his foot down on the others. Rosamund Catharine Sherlock Watson. Mary pitched a fit, but John stood firm, reminding her none too gently to whom she owed her safety and freedom.
“She does,” comes a tiny, but firm voice from the corner of the kitchen and Sherlock can’t help but hide his smile as he buries his head in the cupboard. John Watson’s daughter, indeed.
“Mycroft,” he begins, and the man in question straightens, because it’s never
Mycroft huffs and stands up to his full height because, yes, she’s six, but she’s also the progeny of two of the sneakiest people he knows. He will not be blamed for something that could have happened to anyone, so instead, he latches on to the other particularly poignant piece of information in that sentence.
“There are threats we are assessing. Persons of interest we… have a close watch on,” Mycroft said nearly delicately. “It may be safer for you, for your child, where you are.”
“Listen, Rosamund - ”
And she is nothing if not John Watson’s daughter.
“Oh,’ he replies. “Do you…”
He’s already had to deal with a John without a Sherlock - twice over, actually. Now he knows what it’s like to deal with a Sherlock without a John. Frankly, he’d prefer they remain a unified pair, thank you very much. For the rest of their days, if at all possible.
“Well, he’s not wrong,” he agrees. “But don’t tell him I said that.” Her smile turns melancholy at that, because she couldn’t tell him even if she wanted to. “Here,” he says, trying to salvage the moment, “I think I have something that belongs to you.” He pulls the stuffed bunny out of his pocket and she gasps, leaning forward for it before catching herself and looking back at Mrs. Hudson.
“Oh, love,” Nana whispers, pressing kisses on the side of her head and rubbing a hand up and down her back. “Come on, then,” she addresses to the adults still standing on the stoop. “I’ve got the kettle boiled. You look like you could use a cuppa.”
And then Sherlock says five words that Greg, in all of his wildest theories, never expected to hear:
Nana Hudson.
“You don’t have to tell me,” he replies evenly. He won’t recount the number of nights he had an agent watching John Watson’s flat, worried he might actually off himself in the wee hours of the morning with either the bottle or the gun Mycroft legalized for him to carry.
Consciousness is fleeting. It comes to him in flashes, fits and starts, like a memory he can’t quite recall. A dream he isn’t sure is fiction or reality.
Mycroft frowned. “Your what?”
, she remembers.
Despite the fact that it hasn’t belonged to either of them in far too long.
But he had been. He’d made it a year. Through sheer force of will, he survived six months longer than his brother had anticipated. A decent amount of spite might have also fueled his endeavors, but he chalked it up to will power and deductive reasoning on paper.
“Courage, dear heart,” he whispers, squeezing gently. “Courage.”
“There was an… incident,” Mycroft says in response to Lestrade’s confused look, and Sherlock nearly scoffs.
“You know Ms. Morstan shot Sherlock.”
“She okay?”
It goes beyond the physical - the limp in his leg, the grey at his temple; it was something Mycroft couldn’t pinpoint through the haze of John’s abduction and Sherlock’s return, but now, as his brother stares down at a snapshot of a life he wouldn't let himself be a part of, Mycroft knows what it is.
“Don’t,” Sherlock snaps, imperious enough for Mycroft’s jaw to snap shut.
know that. “He used to live here?”
He hears Sherlock rise and limp over to the doorway, muttering, “Try not to traumatize her while I’m gone?”
Still. It hurts to look at her. The physical embodiment of John and Mary’s union.
Tears run swift and hot down her face, but she doesn’t make a sound because she promised.
Oh, well played.
“Me, too.” Her tiny voice draws his attention to her once more and he listens, rapt, as she tells him what a good father John is. As if he’d had any doubt.
But he listens, nodding and stretching out his knee that aches in sympathy.
“Do you miss him?” she asks. It’s a question that has a thousand answers, all with one underlying theme:
- Don't fret, we will return to the Watson house. Just not with Mycroft's POV.
“Tea first, perhaps,” Mycroft suggests, eyeing the kitchen beyond as if something grotesque is about to make its presence known.
“Maybe,” he offers. “Probably,” he acquiesces. “She was gone more often than not, and Rosie needed someone to raise her. Stability.” He opens his mouth to continue, but stops himself. Of course, Sherlock (the bastard) picks up on it.
“Because my brother was right. I would know.” And he would. He would feel the loss of John Watson as keenly as if someone had hacked off part of his soul.
“Yes?” He looks almost annoyed.
“It’s John’s.”
Sherlock clears his throat, standing in the middle of a bedroom John shares with his wife, looking utterly and completely lost. “Yes, well. It appears that I’m a little rusty.”
He forces his face to do anything but the usual, and the minute muscles protest as they attempt to look non-threatening.
“Of course he can come back to Baker Street. It’s his home. Always has been.”
Much to his surprise, the ride to John’s is actually still muscle memory. Greg made the trip enough in the lead up to Rosie’s birth and the aftermath of Sherlock’s departure. He even spent the night on the couch once, when he and John left the beers behind and broke into the scotch.
), and it’s the first time since Anthea came running in, disturbing his solitude, that he finally feels hope.
But Mycroft remains silent, giving him an infuriating look in the mirror that seems to say
Mycroft’s cool facade drops as briskly as his shoulders. “Do a better job than I did, won’t you?”
Just because he can’t bring himself to say it doesn’t mean he hasn’t missed him too.
He barely recalls sprinting up the final few steps and shoulder-checking the door hard enough that it bangs against the wall. He’s fortified for crying; he knows how to navigate a strop. He grew up with Sherlock Holmes, after all. But years of watching his egoist baby brother throw a wobbly do nothing to help him against the sight and sound of raw, emotional devastation coming from the daughter of the man his brother loves.
“How long have you known?”
His ears rang. They rang and rang and it was incessant and all-consuming and he just wanted it to stop because
