Sherlock smiled to himself as he slipped out of the compartment and into the alcove at the end of the carriage where the air seeped in through incomplete seals and pooled around his ankles. Yes, he was bored out of his mind, he thought as he leant against the carriage door. Yes, he was probably going to start climbing the walls at some point very soon, but if he was going to suffer, so was John. John, his John …  he knew John, his moods, his frustrations, the things that got him going.
After about five minutes, tight winding lanes gave way to a straight stretch of road lined by long-established trees, and just before the next intersection, Sherlock pulled the vehicle over to the side, directly across the road from a large manor house. Aside from its size, John didn't think there was anything else particularly remarkable about the large stone building until his eyes were drawn to the black and white signpost slightly to the left of the front gate.
If the pause after Mycroft spoke was for dramatic effect, it was completely lost on John. “Frankly Mycroft, I don’t give a flying fuck what
“It's not ideal,” John agreed. “But there’s no other way to do it without tipping Guerin off, and putting Sherlock in danger … more danger than he is already in.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, his lungs filling with air and his groin warming. He must have done something right.
But the tingling in the fingers still wrapped around his phone said otherwise. He tried calling Sherlock's phone. The first time it rang out - no answer. The second time it went straight to voicemail. He tried sending a text, watching the screen intently for a response. Nothing.
Sherlock grimaced, as he entered the necessary information into his phone. The search came back immediately with an album cover consisting of a photo of …
“Oooo, a missing body? Now that’s more my style.” He struck a pose as if he was in deep thought, and then looked up as if something had just occurred to him. "Perhaps one of those homeless people he consorts with made off with his body. Wouldn't it be convenient if he could frame me? A sort of tit-for-tat for that poor unfortunate who killed herself at Battersea Power station."
From his position at the kitchen table Sherlock didn't deign to shift his gaze from the object of his interest under the microscope.
Using his teeth to loosen each of the fingers on the glove on his right hand, Sherlock flung it unceremoniously onto the seat beside him and tapped the screen of his phone. The file played. A song. Or at least part of one.
"You think I don't know that?" Sherlock spat out, suddenly coming to life. "You think I haven't realised that all along? Moriarty has had the advantage, he's
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
“Dead, obviously. No bruising except for the ligature points. No defensive wounds, no obvious signs of coercion.”
He realised his mistake in forgetting his coat as soon as he stepped out onto the cooling pavement and was reminded again when he exited St Paul's station, but the brisk pace he set kept any chill at bay.
it. A few rugby matches here, a strategically engineered pub night there,” Mycroft’s lip curled in distaste at the very idea of such a thing. “You would not believe how spectacularly easy it is to orchestrate a relationship.”
“Deplorable human weakness,” he muttered, raking his hair back from his face, his eyes a little brighter.
They remained that way for a while, Sherlock’s eyes closed, face being warmed by John’s strong, capable fingers until John’s stomach started rumbling loudly. “Sorry,” John admitted ruefully with a slight grin, it’s been a long night and I didn’t really eat much at dinner…”
Sherlock paused in the process of tucking in his shirt tails and regarded him strangely. “Whatever do you mean?”
Stroking harder and more insistently, Sherlock's broad hands encircled his thighs and the long slim fingers dug into the muscle, John encouraged, "Come on, come for me baby."
John ventured into the kitchen prepared for the daunting task of creating something out of what was going to need to be thin air since they had not had the time to go shopping since they arrived. He was pleasantly surprised therefore to find the cupboards and fridge quite adequately stocked.
John didn't stop until he had reached the top, panting hard to catch his breath and a bit dizzy from the circular stone staircase. What halted him in his tracks was not the sight of what was once a functioning early 19th century operating theatre (but now just a museum for the edification of the general public), located in what had previously been the herb garret. He knew this place well, having made the customary pilgrimage of an eager young medical student many years before. The reason for his abrupt stop was that the worn floor boards set in the theatre pit surrounding a primitive wooden operating table, were currently eclipsed by a sea of blood.
“We canvassed the area, and all the CCTV footage.” Donovan pointed out. “We didn't find anything, and no one saw a thing.”
Sherlock glanced at Lestrade and the DI shrugged. Obviously he had shared more about the case with Molly than he had thought.
“He’s a bit busy right now,” she snarked. “You know, doing actual police work, not wanna-be detective stuff.”
“Pregnant woman, morning sickness,” John answered the unasked question as he ran both palms down his thighs and backed up to take a seat on the bench behind Sherlock, still in the breeze but slightly sheltered.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
“He will notice if they are,” Sandine tightened them some more. “This needs to look real.” She tugged on the rope, satisfied with the knots and turned him around. “Ready?”
the chat rooms, I need the toxicology reports, the autopsy reports, the interview notes and the crime scene photos. Everything. I need everything and I need it here, now! Somewhere ...
Sherlock rolled his eyes and then marched over to Lestrade, leaning in over him to emphasise his annoyance. “The bodies are here, Lestrade. I need to be able to see the crime scene data and the actual bodies. The links between the two are crucial. I don’t see you being willing to have the bodies moved to the Yard, so the files are going to have to come here.”
“Interesting,” Sherlock mused. “Gold that spoils.” He paused before shifting gears. “So how long have you known Arnaud?”
Irritating, because as difficult as the labyrinthine interior had been to traverse in search of a hit during its period of abandonment (for his dealers and himself it had provided the necessary seclusion and geographical convenience), the acres of makeshift cordoning now surrounding the Station, and the multitude of cranes and scaffolding cluttering its inside, was going to make the task nearly insurmountable.
Moriarty flicked the paper back across the table and with a bored sigh. “So, the great Sherlock Holmes offed himself. Well, that’s more than a tad disappointing. I really thought that he had more in him. No stamina, those creative genius types. One bright spark and then,” he snapped his fingers, the sound cracking off the walls, “...they fizzle out. So, tell me,” he appeared to shiver with eagerness as he leaned across the table to Donovan to whisper, “how did he do it?”
Lestrade crossed his arms. “No, Sherlock. You can go to the Yard, but the Yard does not come to you. Chain of custody over the evidence has to be watertight. It stays at The Met.”
For a minute it looked like Sherlock was going to refuse, his fit of pique completely engrained, but eventually he softened a little and made his way over to sit by John's side, eyeing him warily.
"Epinephrine, John, also known as adrenaline. A hormone and neurotransmitter produced by the adrenal glands."
He pushed himself up out of his chair and wandered into the kitchen, opening the fridge. Food? No, he wasn't hungry despite not having eaten since midday yesterday. And anyway, besides a couple of soggy tomatoes and half a tub of yoghurt on the top shelf, there wasn't really anything to eat. He deliberately tried not to look down lower to the crisper that still held the remnants of one of Molly’s gifts from the morgue, but failed miserably and he felt a knot catch in his throat.
detective with my little brother, you may have missed certain signs that the empire is faltering. Distracted, our enemies have grown bolder … and our allies,” the screen changed to an image of the previous day’s protest at the US President’s state visit to London and a giant orange balloon baby floating about the crowd, and Mycroft grimaced, “are not what they used to be.”
“Sit,” John directed as he moved himself over to perch on the edge of the enormous porcelain soaker tub in the middle of the bathroom floor. It took up the majority of the room.
Why was he surprised? This was Sherlock. Brilliant, mesmerizing, captivating and the complete and utter pain in the arse that was, Sherlock. But John loved him. And not in the “I love that we do amazing/dangerous/adrenaline producing things together” way or the “we love each other like really good flatmates” kind of way, but the “I love you and would really like to spend the rest of my life knowing you, your body and your mind intimately, while still doing amazing/dangerous/adrenaline things and being really good flatmates.” John had known this since the beginning, since the moment he first saw Sherlock in the lab in Bart’s and wondered how the gods had seen fit to bring such fascinating creature into his life. He had known it then. And he had been content to wait. He was now done waiting … but maybe it would be prudent to alter his plans slightly? He wanted to end up fucking the man, not killing him!
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
“How long John, how long is this going to last?” Sherlock, eyes closed, whined from his position on the bed with a fluttering of his wrist to everything, nothing.
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Twenty.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J Find your way through the course of wisdom, broken, sharp, ragged. Climb the jagged rocks and rest. Behold your world.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S the deep-down basic understanding – the foundation of human existence.” A horizontal line.
Mycroft’s Moroccan clusterfuck* is a reference to Sherlock and John’s previous case, detailed in The Real Great Perfumers. Upon reflection, perhaps Mycroft’s Moroccan Clusterfuck would have been a more appropropriate title for the fic ;)
“Moderately intelligent, rich and bored,” Sherlock offered dismissively. He was not about to provide his brother with any insight into his unusually visceral reaction to the man nor profess to any admiration of a man who had annoyed him so thoroughly upon meeting.
Sherlock made as if to contest John's assertion, but apparently thought better of it. He gave a slight nod and set his empty tumbler down too.
“Provides his services to the highest bidder, yes. Manipulates governments in multinational trade. Brokers arms deals with whichever of the sides takes his fancy - considers himself an equal opportunist. Occasionally he orchestrates the death of a few people to keep himself … amused. The money is important to him, affords him a certain lifestyle, but making people twist and turn … and beg - that is his
A couple of seconds of distortion and then the sound of Sherlock's deep, rich baritone echoed in the room:
Moriarty’s eyes panned slowly to take in the landscape of the sparse room bathed in fluorescent light, and as Moran remained by the door, he crossed the dozen or so feet across the concrete floor to the two-way-mirror to stand mere inches away from John on the opposite side. Huffing an exaggerated breath on the mirror and then using the sleeve of Sherlock’s coat to wipe it clean, Moriarty stared into the mirror, straight into John’s eyes.
Molly’s eyes pooled with sympathy. Obviously Lestrade had briefed her on John's connection to the other two victims. It was easy to then put pieces together on this one.
he reminded himself) softness around his midsection was anything to go by. Skin irritation? No. To make massages more pleasurable? Who the hell was getting to touch John’s legs? Was John touching his own legs?
She rolled her eyes but raised the airwave radio to her mouth anyway. “Hey boss, Freak’s boyfriend’s here.”
. He stumbles over something on the ground. A body. John’s body. Blood, so much blood, on his hands, on his coat, in his hair. There is a scream. His voice. But not him. He lurches forward, a warm steady hand comes out to grab his shoulder. He screams again; this time he knows it’s him.
He took the rings out of the box and set it off to the side. The two gleaming bands of gold settled comfortably into the curved palm of his hand and started warming instantly. He hadn't said it, he hadn't asked and now … A huff of breath escaped his lips. He didn’t suppose that it would have changed the course of events but … he could feel the weight of every minute that he hadn't spoken, the burden of every second that he had waited.
Frustrated by his inability to determine the motivation for John’s current hairless state, Sherlock pushed himself off the carriage door and turned to face the window, bracing his forehead on his arms as he leant in. Eventually other thoughts began to tug at his mind as he focused on the inky blackness of the countryside whizzing past. Grateful to put the puzzle of John aside for a while he began to focus his not inconsiderable mind on the case.
to be more to Sherlock’s discontent. The case, quite definitely a 10, should have captured the man's complete attention, it should be the current centre of his entire universe of deduction. But Sherlock was stuck, somewhere, in something elsewhere.
Small but sure hands, fingers splayed widely on the desk. John bowed his head and let his eyes slide shut, breathing in the stillness of the room, the flat, silent. Sherlock had either gone out or he was walking around on eggshells on the floor below - considerately sneaking round in order not to disturb him.
Sherlock pulled the dressing gown he had put on over his clothes tight around his torso as he pushed himself off from the doorframe and padded barefoot over to the kitchen counter, pulling up one of the stools. The noise the metal legs made against the floor as he dragged the stool back far enough from the table to allow him to ease his body in sliced through his brain and he winced. The sharp intake of breath that accompanied his wince must have been audible as John gave him an appraising look over his shoulder before placing the pan back in the sink and heading out of the kitchen, back to the bedroom. He emerged a few moments later with two paracetamol in hand, placing them in Sherlock’s palm, fingertips easing themselves over his skin, before filling him up a glass of water from the bottle in the fridge and placing it in front of him.
John began in earnest, hand gripping the underneath of the long slim thighs encircling his waist, anchoring Sherlock in place as he thrust harder and deeper, Sherlock encouraging more and more.
The team spread out, securing the scene, flooding it with light and the steady silence of focused work. Lestrade moved to Sherlock’s side. “So what have we got?”
With the exception of the containers of coloured liquids taking up room on the shelves, the brightly lit room looked eerily sterile; all steel and white tiles.
went had been well and truly crushed beneath the bespoke brogue of one Mycroft Holmes as he had ensured that the right of the public and members of the press to attend, was revoked. Not that, if he was being honest with himself that John really minded - he abhorred the thought of a bunch of strangers pouring over the last hours of Sherlock’s life like it was some kind of … freak show. But it all pointed to a larger picture of Mycroft’s interference, Mycroft who had within hours of Moriarty’s exit from the Yard, already made an application for presumption of Sherlock’s death. It was usually up to a six month wait for these sorts of things, but here they were, just a few days after Moriarty’s interview, all gathered together to ... well, clearly individual objectives differed dramatically.
The tickling was abruptly terminated though when John's phone pinged on the sink next to him. Spatula in one hand, he thumbed through the message with the other and upon reading, passed it to Sherlock.
In a daze, John followed Lestrade out into the splintering sunlight to the pack of journalists lying in wait. Unlike before, now you could hear a pin drop as they waited for Lestrade's statement. Then, just as the DI was about to speak, a black Porsche Boxster pulled up behind the crowd and a familiar figure got out. Slipping into the crowd and pushing his way to the front, the man gave John, standing off to the side, a smirk.
“We ran them through a database with increased security clearance and got a match … to Jim Moriarty.”
Tossing the pan, burnt eggs and all into the sink, John threw open the kitchen window and began to fan frantically. Hopefully they didn’t have a smoke detector in this place, his eyes darted nervously about the roof while his hands flapped rapidly; he seriously did not want to have Mycroft’s agents burst in to rescue him from a sexual fantasy induced cooking mishap. With the last of the smoke dissipating from the room, John resigned himself to finding something to scrub the pan and start again from scratch.
“Gentlemen, it has been a pleasure dining with you this evening, but it is late and I must be making my way back to my apartment.” Guerin moved to stand up, and in an act of uncharacteristic gracelessness, stumbled slightly and reached for Sherlock’s knees to steady himself. “Very sorry.”
Moriarty had played a perfect game, and would end up destroying John completely, unless something caused a change.
“I understand why. Yes, you frustrate the living hell out of me ninety-nine percent of the time, but I do understand why you do what you do. We can't all be geniuses and I know it must be a burden to know what you know and to be able, to have to, do what you do.”
“You're right, it’s the unexpected, the paradox and the fact that the solution is there from the very beginning, one only need know where to look,” he held John’s gaze. “But it's more than that. It's the beauty of a single move, the elegance to be found in a position and the sum of both players in creating a beautiful game.” Sherlock's eyes seemed to be glittering in an unfathomable combination of blue, green, and gold.
"He's coming in? Not ‘being brought in?’ Is that how you treat psychopathic serial killers these days? Send them a written bloody invitation for a friendly ‘chat?’” John’s voice climbed higher and higher as he spoke.
Alt text: Seventeen. J. What, this again? A glimpse of the dazzle of brilliance, the pull of the dueling of wits. Wary, but still starting to fall under. So that's quite mad. S. Nebulous, this idea, then, tenuous, illusory. But if you look closely, really look. There.
John considered the question and was a little surprised that it didn't bother him more; the topic of war, the prospect of death. He hadn't talked much about his service, wary perhaps of inadvertently summoning the demons that had plagued his dreams, and his life, before Baker Street. Sherlock had intuitively known not to ask, and John had been grateful for the space. But now, with some distance, a bit more perspective and being symptom-free for the last year, it didn't seem to bother him. Familiar territory, he reasoned. He was, after all, and forever would be, a soldier. Perhaps the demons had been banished forever.
They hadn’t been open about the change in the status of their relationship when they returned from Morocco, but it had become increasingly apparent from the looks they kept getting from Molly each time she saw them together that she had her suspicions. In the end, John had insisted Sherlock tell Molly about them.
When was the last time they had both been here together? Two nights ago? Even without Sherlock physically present, the flat had always felt like home … Now, he looked around, it felt like nothing. Realising that he was still holding the test results, he quickly placed them back down on the table, printed side down. Now they were just a stack of papers, not in effect the signature on Sherlock’s death certificate.
Dressed in a scullery maid’s plain attire, she was no more than 15 or 16 Watson surmised. Her long dark hair, having escaped from her cap at some point, swirled through a pool of congealing blood beneath her neck as the spaces between the cobblestones drew the remainder away down the street. On her back, head tilted to the right and right arm stretched out, fingers gently curling in her palm, she looked serene, peaceful, asleep.
"It serves no one's interest at this stage to prolong the agony. My brother is dead." Mycroft brushed down the front of his suit jacket, picked up his umbrella which had fallen to the floor and made his way to the exit.
"You. Me. Just us," John whispered as he lowered his torso to nuzzle alongside the crease of Sherlock's nose before sliding his lips upon his.
“The preliminary witness list comprises the last individuals to see Mr. Holmes alive … we have Doctor John Watson," she looked over to John, acknowledging his presence. "Thank you for being here today John, we fully appreciate just how difficult this must be for you."
“Off now,” John demanded into Sherlock’s open mouth as he abandoned Sherlock's shirt to pull his own off over his head. Sherlock scrambled to comply. Where initially he had been leading the way, he was now more than happy for John to take charge.
"Then, and even though I received a request late last night for the same directly from the Home Secretary," she glanced curiously at Mycroft, "I am not inclined to grant a closed inquest. I understand the desire to not have one’s family affairs aired before the world, however unless there is an issue of national security, I have no compelling reason to exclude the public. Now,” she turned back to Lestrade, “is there any other evidence that has come to light since this report was written?"
“Jesus, John!” Lestrade exclaimed when he had a chance to take in the amount of blood still flowing freely down the side of John's face, over his ear and down his neck.
For a moment, John wanted nothing more than to wipe that grin off that man in a way that would leave permanent damage. The officer behind him in the observation room shifted uncomfortably, as if she was aware of the rage pouring off of John.
John made his way back to the bedroom for his clothes and headed for Barts, sans shower, sans breakfast, sans Sherlock.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
“The real great perfumers are not perfumers, they are the bees, the winds, the rivers and other things that carry and mix scents in space.” ~ Serge Lutens
Sherlock followed Lestrade into the kitchen, not at all happy at the intrusion. And even less happy when, upon greeting him, John proffered Lestrade a plate of eggs and toast as well. “Those are
An irresistible pull; the pressure of John’s palms increased as he stroked up towards his pecs, smoothing their way across his chest and nipples up to the junction of his neck
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom right half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Four.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “J Favours the bold, favours the brave. If you should be so fortunate But not I. But not I.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S And you said naturally, as you began As if there was anything natural at all about any of this.” A horizontal line.
But that was nothing compared to how he felt a moment later, when one of the Tyvek suited forensic technicians on the floor, kneeling with a pipette in one hand and an Eldon card in the other, called out to his partner as he shook his head.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Moriarty paused at the doorway. “I wouldn't miss it for the world.” Then he turned back towards the mirror and blew a kiss. “See you later, Johnny boy.”
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom right half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Eighteen.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, left aligned that reads, “J sensible people do not. Sensible people, would not. But we have always lived lifetimes away from sensible. Have we not? You and I.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “S The grit, the sand, the rub. What is. And with it what could be, the ultimate reality.” A horizontal line.
"But, it wasn't just the money, or the excitement … or," John paused, "the sex - though admittedly that was quite good. It was also a time in my life that I felt that if I could, I should."
… Oh god, he hadn't? Sherlock hadn’t gone and taken Moriarty out himself had he? Fuck! If he had, there was no way out of this one, no way Mycroft could cover this off as one of his brother’s little faux pas', a mission gone bad ...
By three in the morning he found himself sitting on a bench on the south bank, on the embankment near Blackfriars Bridge, watching the lights of the city ripple on the Thames.
Alt text: Thirteen. J. The papered walls dull, their colours muted. Glasses drained, empty - you've given yourself up. S. within the infinite multiplicity of worlds. You have ceased to exist in a single one of mine.
The officer indicated for John to follow her and he did, turning left at the end of the corridor and into the familiar room with its glass window into the interview room beyond - the same interview room he had been in with Sherlock just a few days earlier.
They had shut up for a minute but as soon as Lestrade turned to follow John inside, they had started up again, now though their only audience were the couple of officers that Lestrade had placed on the steps outside to keep them at bay.
Whatever the fuck had happened here, John reasoned, there was little-to-no chance the owner of the blood could have survived ...
John walked along the embankment to Cathedral street and around Borough Market, and was just about to turn the corner into High street when a commotion caught his attention. Police cars  — a lot of them — and amongst them, the navy unmarked cruiser usually requisitioned from the motor pool by Lestrade. All were parked outside St Thomas' church.
Sherlock looked back and forth between John and the corpse until the look of sheer devastation on John’s face, more so than he had shown at the previous two victims, gave way to realisation.
“Antisocial personality disorder to be sure. But extremely high functioning. Destined for a life as a surgeon … or a serial killer. Despite that, he wasn't even on our radar until he got to sixth-form at Eton. Orchestrated an extremely successful and lucrative college wide exam cheating scheme. Only flaw proved to be a classmate with a conscience. Somehow managed to convince said classmate to take the fall for the whole thing. Classmate didn't last long after that. He killed himself before the formal expulsion hearing.”
Sherlock pried his eyes open but the rolling waves simply served to encourage the rolling in his stomach, so he shut them both again tightly and just groaned. “Cyanide, perfect,” he muttered.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, "One." A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J Hurt. A dangerous place. A thing that strikes, Of blame, In anger, And no way back. “ An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the right half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “S Let’s suppose. Hypothesize. That under the right conditions. Balance can be restored”. A horizontal line.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
John’s hands shook as he held the two paper cups Lestrade had placed in them. No lids, the barely-brown vending machine coffee shivered as he fought to hold his fingers steady. Located in the bowels of the building and inaccessible to members of the general public, the hallways leading to the morgue were not a priority for upkeep. Wooden bumpers along the walls, scuffed and scratched thin through years of wear, stretched out behind bags of soiled linen piled high in caged carts. He had to stop thinking so he focused on counting the bags, the blue translucent plastic doing little to hide the bodily fluid-stained, thin cotton sheets within.
If he hadn’t been looking for a flatmate, hadn't found the most extraordinarily brilliant one in that lab at Barts one and a half years ago, would this all still be happening without him? Would the game still be on? Of course it would be. His ego isn’t so big that he can’t recognise that if Moriarty couldn't target him to get at Sherlock then he’d simply find someone else.
And as John, still struggling within the grip of the officer, watched Moran walk away, a plan began to form in his mind. A plan borne of darkness, despair and loss.
“Self ingested,” Sherlock addressed Lestrade, indicating the crystallisation present alongside a trickle of blood at the corner of her mouth. “No marks to indicate any force was necessary. The toxin is a cardiac glycoside, it would have resulted in dysrhythmia and progressed rapidly to ventricular tachycardia. Not a peaceful death. So the flower would have had to been placed there after death. Dirt on the backs of her arms, buttocks and legs,” he moved behind the body. “She was lying on the floor when she died.”
, however as she currently was, in her black patent heels, she was closer to Sherlock in height. A black pants-suit, the jacket of which hung from her strong shoulders, was set off by a fitted lapis blue shirt. Slightly longer than shoulder length hair framed her tanned, lightly freckled face and (
the crime scenes again, not just this one,” he gestured vaguely to the files in front of him, his words gaining momentum. “I need
Sherlock stared out the window as they passed the white walled prim residences of the seriously upper class in Belgravia and texted Mycroft.
“This is Detective Inspector Lestrade and Detective Sergeant Donovan in the room with James Moriarty and Sebastian Moran.”
“Plenty,” Guerin returned Sherlock’s question, long legs stretched out practically touching Sherlock’s.
Bottle in one hand, glass in the other, he made his way to their bedroom. Setting the items down, he opened the cupboard and reached behind the pile of vests. His fingers tightened on the small box hidden beneath and he drew it out. Cradling the box in the palm of his hand he felt a vast chasm of nothingness — his future without Sherlock — start to open up in front of him, and he had to place one hand on the cupboard to steady himself. Then, retrieving the bottle and glass, he wandered back into the sitting room and slumped into his chair.
Outside the door, Sherlock huffed as he paced. Unbearable. Excruciatingly, horribly, wretchedly unbearable! First, having to endure a journey of overwhelmingly tedious proportions (a minimum of 24 hours to get from London to Algeciras by train) and now, a drawn-out bloody ferry ride to Tangier on what was most likely going to be inexcusably unpleasant seas and would most probably result in a bout of debilitating and humiliating seasickness for Sherlock. And how in god's name was John going to propose they travel from Tangier to Marrakech? By bloody camel? No, this imposition was not to be borne!
John glanced sharply at Sherlock's face in profile and that same sharp sliver of guilt caught in his throat again.
Sherlock twisted impatiently in front of him, trying to press himself more firmly into the touch touch, bending his knees to raise his hips. Placing his right hand on Sherlock's hip, John bent his head to nuzzle the thatch of dark curls surrounding Sherlocks already very interested cock. More than half hard, John nosed it upwards, licking a stripe and feeling it fill around his tongue.
After fleeing Baker Street, John had spent the better part of the afternoon paying visit to the various locations he knew were utilised by Sherlock's homeless network. However, whether the few individuals he managed to track down truly hadn't seen their erstwhile benefactor, or their loyalty to Sherlock was to a fault, the end result was the same.
But one look at Sherlock and he knew that they wouldn't be returning to the comforts of home anytime soon.
“Yes, but with this level of security and the amount of knowledge required to do it properly, he would have had to have some help. And that help, is most definitely a crime.”
Pushing the door to 221B open, just under an hour later, John’s fuming about his “arse” of a partner had more or less run its course, assuaged for the time being by the determination that they
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Frank paused the video as an image of a darkened figure approached the front gate and proceeded to enter a code into the keypad.
The limousine, long sleek and black stood out amongst the faded, dusty taxis. Sliding into the door held open by an equally long and sleek driver in an all-black uniform, Sherlock relaxed back into the soft leather seat. It wasn't often that he considered himself fortunate to be related to Mycroft, but this was certainly one of those times. He hadn't been particularly keen on calling in a favour so soon in the case, but desperate times called for desperate measures. And Sherlock was desperate to never have to follow John’s itinerary ever again.
The silence hung between them for a couple of moments before Mycroft raised a paper napkin to the corner of his mouth before setting it aside.
The man, having given a command to the dog attentive at his side (a black labrador), raised a shotgun to his shoulder as the animal took off into the reeds, flushing out a duck in its path. Straight up the bird flew, and then plummeted down just as quickly, limpy, heavily to the ground, felled by a single shot. As the man lowered his gun and let it hang by his side, a sense of deja vu overcame John
Barely used; he can’t shoot it at a public range, doesn’t have clearance for a military range and won’t risk asking to use the Met’s facilities, lest they enquire absence of licence for his weapon.
"Well,” Lestrade turned back to Moriarty. “You won't be surprised to know that we will check with the hotel and see what visual evidence there is for your alibis. It's convenient that both of you provide an alibi for the other."
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Three.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J Wanting. Needing. Best to give up the whole idea of getting. And go." Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S Seven weeks or seven days. Or any length of time Does it really matter? When every second was a lie?”. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the left half of a human heart. A horizontal line.
about this situation is beginning to alarm me.” Sherlock's voice trailed off as a couple of staff members walked past him down the corridor.
Tired, cold and hungry, and godamn fucking miserable by seven, he had almost taken Lestrade's head off when he had called.
His eyes went to the door that had framed Moriarty’s exit and then slid down to the stool next to it, upon which his Belstaff had …
This fic is a journey. A journey I took a long time ago, a journey I took Sherlock and John on, and a journey I took you on with them. It was also a journey I took myself on when I wrote it, never having written anything like it before; nothing this long, nothing this complex, nothing that I have been so invested in for such a long time. Scared to make a mistake, to not get it right, to not measure up to all wonderful writers in this fandom, I nearly abandoned it after the first few chapters. But with the help of my wonderful beta @88thParallel, who never left my side, I realized that the thing about life that we often forget, is that it isn't meant to be perfect - how can it be when we each moment we live, we live it for the first time, having never done it before?
Presumably Lestrade was asking Moran if he wanted to press charges. John knew he didn't have much a choice in the matter seeing as how the bust up had occurred directly in front of fifty or so members of the press.
?" The slow simmer of concern that had been John’s constant companion all afternoon as he had traipsed about the less than salubrious parts of London, immediately elevated itself to full blown alarm.
In the time it had taken for Sherlock to begin releasing the buttons on his shirt, John had reversed their positions, and now Sherlock found his back pressed against the bench, his belt being tugged open. As Sherlock slipped the last button free, his hands stilled. Sensing a corresponding stilling in John, he drew his eyes up, and found himself caught in John's startled gaze.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Twenty-Two.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, left aligned that reads, “S J Losing. Finding. Accepting yourself, rather than pretending you’re not.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, left aligned that reads, “For all that we have found, learned. On this journey, For all that we have lost. Accepted. What we finally come to is the strange conclusion that in madness lies sanity.”  A horizontal line.
“A past employee?” John offered helpfully when Frank un-paused the frame, showing the gate swinging open, granting access.
And Moriarty’s goal? Who the fuck knew. The only other good thing about Mycroft’s meddling was that Moriarty and Moran wouldn’t be at the hearing today, and for that, John was exceedingly grateful.
“He wants to see the world burn,” Sherlock hummed thoughtfully, his fingers now steepled under his chin.
“Oooo,” Moriarty’s eyes went wide, and his mouth went round as he leaned forward to take a closer look at the knife.
John knew already this would be different. He knew from the way in which Sherlock's mind appeared to be slowing, the way his body was stilling and the hesitation in his eyes.
“Where is it that you think I could go?” Sherlock aimed his sarcasm at John’s back but fell well short.
Alt text: Three. J. Wanting. Needing. Best to give up the whole idea of getting. And go. S. Seven weeks or seven days. Or any length of time Does it really matter? When every second was a lie?
“Not born to it though,” Sherlock countered, recalling the ornate fox tie-pin affixed to the man’s hunting cravat.
As Donovan’s eyebrows raised to match her less than appreciative tone, Lestrade waded back in to slow the exchange down. “The owner reported it missing then?”
It didn't look like John had even registered the instruction, but after a moment he nodded slightly, then turned and silently followed Lestrade out of the room.
John arrived at Speedy’s on foot at precisely the same time Mycroft's bespoke brogues stepped out of a dark Bentley and onto the pavement, umbrella in hand despite the sky being a bright clear blue with not a cloud in sight.
Reassured by the daylight and the knowledge that Sebastian and his partner were watching over their riad with a couple of additional agents in rotation, John felt a whole lot better than he had in a while. Admittedly he had still stuffed his gun down the back of his pants before he left the bedroom, but he reasoned, that had more to do with keeping it secure than anything else,
Sherlock didn't have the time to dwell on the ways he was going to have to atone for his “arse-like” behaviour however, because no sooner had he provided the cabbie with directions to the Diogenes Club, then his phone pinged.
“Thank you,” Sherlock murmured, hoping that John knew his words were for more than just the receipt of the pills. He palmed the two white capsules into his mouth, chasing them with a sip of water. He let his eyes roam thoughtfully over John's form moving easily back and forth from the fridge to the stove and the sink.
“We also purchase raw product.” She turned again to indicate the identical storage facility on the opposite side of the walkway housing containers of flowers, petals, buds and leaves, and a notably large amount of wood. “With the increase in spoiling rates, we are now the largest supplier of Agarwood in the world as only we are able to guarantee the quality. Again we store, test, ship…”
Alt text: One. J. Hurt. A dangerous place. A thing that strikes, Of blame, In anger, And no way back. S. Let’s suppose. Hypothesize. That under the right conditions. Balance can be restored
John bristled as Mycroft prepared himself to respond. With no marital or next of kin rights, John would be relegated to the exceedingly minor role of "other participant" in the proceedings.
he shouldn't have taken the salespersons advice; the shirt was far too pink and way too tight across his midsection! He tried to assume a “not military, not gay” demeanour but ended up looking loose, floppy and slightly drunk.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
“Mycroft gave you this case? God, this perfume business — it’s not a front for chemical weapons manufacturing, is it?” John asked between mouthfuls.
“Supercritical carbon dioxide extraction. Impressive, and expensive,” Sherlock eyes roamed approvingly, covetously over the equipment.
Now assessing the man in front of him; tired, the lack of sleep, John saw that the strain of worry and frustration was starting to take its toll - there was a stiffness in his spine and a stutter to the usual fluidity of his movements. And while John knew they could both probably keep going for another forty-eight hours or so, he had had quite enough of dancing like a puppet on Moriarty's string for one day.
The bedside lamp cast a warm glow over the room, softening the shadows, blurring the edges of the furniture and ghosting gently over Sherlock’s prone form. Sleeping now, on the side John and “English” had wrestled him on to (
Sally - she had offered her condolences before he had left the Yard following the useless affair that was Moriarty's interview.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
Sherlock held his gaze for a few seconds as the anger in John’s dark blue eyes flared. “I'm sorry,” he whispered, averting his eyes to focus on the ceiling.
Stripped down, he’d always been struck by the innocuity of the Sig; a child’s toy fresh out of the box, waiting to be assembled. Not so innocuous though, that he didn't always make sure the ammunition was locked away in the safe first.
“Our suppliers, a range of different countries. We have so many now that I can’t get to all of them myself.”
). Sherlock tilted his head backwards, exposing the long line of his neck, his eyes closing as John stroked over his shoulders and down his upper arms.
John smiled gratefully and made off after Lestrade to help him retrieve all the other file boxes from the Yard and Molly set herself to the task of scanning the chat rooms for any evidence of Linda. With everyone else set to their tasks, Sherlock stepped out of the lab and placed a call to his brother.
As if to punctuate the unpleasantness of the situation, Donovan fell into step beside them and as Lestrade reached forward to unlock the interview room door, she leaned forward to hiss in John’s ear. “I told you one day we would be standing ‘round a body ...”
John’s grin faded the moment he took in the look on the face of the Gardaí who had re-appeared in the office doorway (
It was said in a whisper, on a breath. Watson sank back into his chair. “She didn't struggle," Holmes repeated more firmly, eyes still fixed ahead. “The ones who fight I understand. The ones who don't I always understood not wanting to live or being too scared to fight. She was neither.”
“Enough.” John’s voice was a gentle command causing the blinking to cease. He placed his tumbler on the side table. “Enough tonight. You're exhausted and I’m done-in. We need sleep.”
This, the simple domesticity of shared sleeping arrangements. More comfortable in each other’s space than Sherlock had ever been in his own, on his own. It was extraordinary. And he pondered John’s words.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and drew an exasperated breath. “Helleborus are notoriously fickle flowers, drooping completely within a couple of hours of being cut,” he used the pen to poke at the bloom that had only just started to wilt.
"Molly is an artisan. Her father and her father's father worked for our family. When she finishes with your arm, you won't know the difference."
I feel nothing. I am crushed and buried beneath the rubble. I can hide here from the world and no one will find me, but the one's Merlin warned me about have found this secret place, and they push off the boulders.
These don't look to be Mycroft's usual men. In fact, they aren't men. Two hulking women in trouser suits with white shirts, neckties, and tie-bars climb out and approach him. John expects the usual invitation (or order) from Mycroft to get inside the car. While they have short-trimmed hair and athletic builds, one of them has a daisy tattoo on her wrist. John's attention shifts to the third person who steps out of the car. Bracketed by cherry red spike heels and matching dress, those legs would recognizable anywhere. The Woman.
"Wait, the dead man was Sir Arthur Mostyn? You arrested Lady Mostyn? Better you than me,” John says, taking a sip and grimacing. “Isn't her brother on the provisional council?"
John thinks he really doesn’t need this much attention. It’s not so bad. Swab his side with antiseptic, a few stitches, a plaster, and send him on his way. Sherlock, however, doesn’t seem to think so: he’s hovering. He reluctantly lets go of John’s hand one finger at a time as Art takes his vitals. When Lestrade says he needs to speak to Sherlock, he doesn’t want to leave John’s side, but John waves them away.
He no longer has me in his grip, and I slide to the right along the wall to increase the distance between us.
He waves Mike on as he goes to the locker room to shower and shave. He lingers at the spot where he found William Hawkins. So many unanswered questions remain. John spends the next ten hours with one patient after another, going through the questions in his head. He occasionally sticks his head inside Mr. Hawkins’ room, but he's asleep, probably with the help of the morphine. He sews up a few arms from knife wounds and sets a broken leg.
His roommate's hands clutched an old patchwork quilt that John had tucked under his chin. A piece of home sewn lovingly by some member of John's family, most likely his grandmother, Sherlock deduced.
John's attention was turning toward him. His eyes shifted between his book and Sherlock's card play.
“A gentleman!” she said, standing. “It’s not necessary. I know Karate. I have a brown belt. But I would like the company.”
“I had been successful holding down and keeping out most of the rabble who came to either steal or squat. Few were of any consequence—simple burglars or ordinary people turned to crime to survive. I deflected most of them easily with illusions simply by using my alchemy to conjure security guards or fierce dogs. Although what had real value was taken before I arrived, I had scronged and collected chemical and lab equipment. Some were only looking for a safe place to rest their heads, and I tried my best to find other arrangements. When I come face-to-face with professional criminals, I made use my martial arts training paired with alchemy.”
I think of his knots and how I’d like him to use those skills on me. Have me helpless and tied to this very bed with him hard above and me beneath him, aching for him to make love to me. I have imagined many scenarios between us over the years. I imagine what his kiss might taste like, tea, honey, and that raspberry jam he loves. I imagine that same raspberry jam smeared over my cock and John’s flat tongue wickedly licking it clean. I can feel the vibrations through me with each moan he makes after each lingering flick of his tongue. I shouldn’t think like this, I shouldn’t. But I take my cock in hand and slowly savor it all.
Part of Sherlock wanted to tell John everything, even how he had underestimated Moriarty's obsession.
John, to his credit, does not drop the egg he’s holding between finger and thumb, or the open carton in his other hand. His heartbeat thrums in his ears as his head flies up and follows Molly’s finger pointing to the front near the cashier. That’s him, indeed. The thief. The imposter. The snake.
"How can I not tell? You never get those squinty, bloodshot eyes like most people or reek of pot. In fact, I never smell it on you."
It was like any other rest stop for the weary on the west side of the I-94 corridor but for one big exception: its reputation. As a child he'd never known its reputation. To him, it was as welcoming as any other rest stop. His family drove by in their station wagon at least weekly. All those years and he'd never known its dark secret.
We stand, and he lets go. I feel awkward as I walk next to him. I want to know what he feels. I want to touch him again.
The smell of death was still in the cabin. But it was when Sherlock spied the Jack Daniel bottles under the trundle bed that he knew the cause. It took time and despair to drink one’s self to death. There were more than a dozen of the bottles in evidence. Among them against the wall was a solitary unopened bottle of Jack. Sherlock climbed across the bed. It was easy enough to reach it between the mattress and the wall.
"Shush. Rest. I'll give you something now for the pain. You'll feel a pinch. There you go, man." The man winks again at me.
He hears John talking to Mike. And someone else. Sherlock steps out into the living room to see all three men at the door.
John nods. All he had to do was print it in every tabloid for the world to read and people would believe it.
"Better than okay," John says, giddy. He looks between them at Sherlock's erection underneath his shorts.
At least the sink had running water. He filled the old chipped enamel kettle with the water, then set it aside to strike a match to light the temperamental propane stove. He wouldn’t miss this at all, he thought, setting the kettle on for a cup of tea.
We stand and he leads me through the door to my bedroom. He pulls back my covers, and helps me underneath. He tucks me in naked, and he makes it feel as if it’s the most natural and rational action one can perform.
“And I know you’ve asked yourself the same question, why here?” Sherlock waltzes down the aisles and throws his arms around, ranting with the bees and butterflies avoiding his space. “This is a place I frequented. The victim was also familiar with this oasis, hence the removal of shoes— which I’m sure by now you realize that the murder took with her. Do you know what this means, John? She has been watching me before I even met you. I felt it, but dismissed it as paranoia at the time. I was always careful, but there were moments. John! She wants me to know that she’s followed me! This is her message!”
“I was impressed how she kept her act up until the end in her husband’s arms,” she says. “Even to you.”
John had  wiped away his own tears and was in full doctor mode. It made Sherlock forget the burning flesh that was once the palm of his hand.
"We're here about the murder," Sherlock said. He gave my hand a squeeze, then let go. "I already told you that."
"He's not here. Not. In his room. He's in imaging. Right now." John nods. "I'm his physician, I saw him this morning. Scheduled him for another test."
He makes some toast and tea and feeds the cat. He's sure Mrs. Hudson already has since Blackbeard turns his nose up at lowly kibble. John stands in the living room ten minutes before he turns on the telly. He needs voices other than his own to fill his head. Nothing much on anymore but reruns, but in a fashion, those are more comforting.
It seems to me that there were many ways to phrase this. I read the one which I believed held the message.
John asked with concern. His roommate seemed to have fallen into a trance-like state. John was beginning to question whether it wasn't Sherlock who was the one a bit touched.
Moriarty pressed a finger to his lips. “Oh, dear. Too bad. How are your ankles, Seb? Lucky for you I had my lucky pocket knife and was there to cut you down. Then you had to go step in that horrid trap! I should have left you hanging for your stupidity, but you seemed to have redeemed yourself. Look at how you’ve tamed Sherlock, sitting passively at your feet like a domesticated dog. Give his head a pat!”
. She especially despises those who are expected to uphold justice and break that trust. That is part of why she despises Mycroft.”
He’s a madness. I’ve lost so many people. I’ve got friends I care about around me like Molly and Mike, but I don’t let them get too close. It’s easier that way. I haven’t dated much because I can’t take losing someone I loved again. And then someone comes into my life when I don’t expect it, and I begin to care. Really care.
to blame.  I could have prevented it. I knew from the first moment I met her what she was. I should have known what she would be capable of.
John suddenly looks so lost to Sherlock that he pushes past his dizzy state, raises up off the bed and kisses John. It’s a chaste kiss, lips together, but passionate nonetheless. He wants John to know, to see, that he’s not alone. And he wants to feel the same. It’s the correct choice. John relaxes against him.
He sucks in a breath and looks over at Sherlock again for a bit of confidence. John is not that nervous to see Sherlock’s mum again or to spend long hours on end with Mycroft— it’s just for the last two years John lived in a kind of a Hell during the holidays.
Footfalls echoed from within and the door cracked opened. I held my breath. Would it be Dracula? Frankenstein's monster? Or at least some sort of Night of the Living Dead zombie that Sherlock had conjured up to terrify me?
So with a tear in my eye, I end this story. I have two Fandom Trumps Hate stories to write and another longer work that I started. I don’t think I’ll write another “by the seat of my pants” story again for a while. My next long work is plotted out completely, but only the first chapter is written. I hope to begin publishing it by the end of the summer.
Last night he'd gone out for a drive, pulled into the rest stop and watched and waited, and did nothing. Today, in the light of day, he'd done it: turned into the rest area, parked, and gotten out. This morning he'd taken the pen he'd stashed in his glove compartment and he'd scratched his need on the stall. This morning, he'd changed everything.
All possible, all probable. Yet Sherlock knew that within these possibilities, there'd be some combination he hadn't accounted for, something that Sherlock couldn't predict. And that excited him.
And of course he’d lead him to this place, a pool. The thing of Sherlock’s nightmares. His heart hammered against his chest, and he fought to control his breathing.
"I'm gonna be usin' another part of ya if ya don't. You may not look like an omega, but there are a few kinky clients who love freaky omega arse."
All it would take was one second for Moriarty to look away. The pounding had stopped. John knew he might not have much time.
“Here, give me your hand,” he says, “and I’ll help. I’ll steady you. There ... that’s it. Watch that foot. It’s slippery with the bag on it. I’m not having you fall over and hit your head again. I’ll take care of you.”
He watches as the sedan pulls aways. Almost everything she said and did tells Will she isn’t who she says she is. He has no memory of her.
The first day, John had only briefly met Sherlock Holmes, his new roomy. He seemed a nice enough guy. So much for first impressions.
“I wouldn’t say something like that to his face, but it’s true,” he says. “The man only loves one person, and it’s you.”
“Good, now that we’ve settled that, let’s talk about the other choice,” John says, but he’s staring at Sherlock’s lips like he wants them back on his.
Hard to keep track of time, but judging by when I'm brought meals, I've been on this damned tub for nearly ten days now. The men who serve me meals give me no straight answers—especially since I DON'T SPEAK FRENCH. They keep repeating something that I'm pretty sure means island paradise. I doubt that. The only paradise I want right now is my hands around your neck.
Will didn’t know stating a stuffed animal’s name would cause such anguish. “It’s written on the back of the photo,” he explains. “Mary wrote it. I could make out the impression.”
“We’re extremely shorthanded. Any assistance would be invaluable to us, and it would give you a chance to work on reining it that attitude.”
I reach the top, pull out the books, open the panel, but the arcanum, the locked chest it was within, is now gone.
“I think I may have had one snifter of brandy too many,” John says. “Your boyhood bedroom! And this is your bed. I slept in in before, you know. Even had a wank in it."
“He might not be happy, but he needs to know who he can trust. We all need to know who we can trust.”
John stood up straight. He really needed to check on Sherlock. It’s not like any of his captives were going anywhere. No way they could untie themselves. The only other way would be to drag the kitchen furniture with them. Impossible to get over the snowbank and out the door.
Mike looks at John, and then glances at the mystery man’s chart. “All right. Though I don’t think he’s wandering off any time soon.”
John Watson was sure this was the most ridiculous thing he had ever seen and John Watson had seen a lot of things. But never Sherlock Holmes in that attire.
“No!” Sherlock got knocked backwards by a blow but was back again on the murderer's heels quickly. “Quicksilver! Was in the ornaments, the vapours were making the children sick!” He punched the vendor right into the face and used the time it bought him to struggle out of John's sweater. “He has the evidence all over his fingers and supposedly other places as well... oh, come on, you still have your feet to keep yourself above the water. Don't panic now, don't be boring!”
John sighed. “Just... just get here with some backup, please? You'll realise when you see it yourself...”
Lestrade, in the meanwhile, was sure he would one day die because of them and the stupid stuff they kept getting themselves in.
“The garden shed, alright... thank you. Maybe next time you'll decide to let us in on your plans.” Lestrade looked ready to throw a punch at Sherlock for keeping doing these absolutely ridiculous things he was doing but turned around instead to order his men what to do. Which left John to be pissed at Sherlock.
Just as he pulled the fir branch out, Sherlock swept into the room again, took the branch from Mr. Campell in one fluid movement and used it to point towards the door. “Thank you for your insight, Mr. Campell, there is the door, goodbye.”
“Well, yes. The case is solved, the murderer caught. No one got hurt, and I'm only adding that because that's, for some reason, so incredibly important to you... well, no one got seriously injured at least.”
“You don't really believe that, do you?” Sherlock interrupted him. He had tilted his head at John. “I mean I wouldn't have taken on the case if it was that simple.”
“Did you? Have a tree?” He straightened himself and looked at John, hands behind his back. He shifted his weight onto his toes once, twice.
“Why? Baker Street is still missing one... Thank you,” Sherlock replied after a moment of silence and slipped the phone back into the pocket of his coat without having said goodbye. “Three theories,” he corrected himself opening the patio door.
“That was the Campells' car. I saw it in Baker Street and I just saw them get in. That's how I know,” he answered the unspoken question and chuckled, probably at John's astonished features. “So much time and you're still surprised by me, John; it's adorable.”
Their client, probably in his forties, was sitting in the clients' usual chair. Everything about him basically screamed nervousness, and John knew how much it was annoying Sherlock. The man was bouncing his left leg restlessly, looked around the flat hectically; he was rubbing his hands quickly as if to warm them up. It could be true since it was terribly icy and windy outside but the movement was too fast to be just for the sake of warming up.
Sherlock bent towards the tree again, eyeing the silver and golden ornaments suspiciously. “Would you mind telling me about your theories now? Or even one?” John crossed his arms over his chest. He didn't even try to not sound annoyed.
He was talking to several people, mostly vendors who lined the side walks of the Westminster Bridge and were dressed equally ridiculous to Sherlock. It might confuse most people but John was used to this. If there was any connection Sherlock could see it. He decided to get closer.
“I think there's something wrong with him. He jumped into the Thames to catch a murderer. Or at least someone with the intention to murder,” Doctor Watson explained as if there was any logic behind it. There probably was for him and Sherlock, but not for Greg.
Lestrade and John were merely observing the entire scene now as both of them were honestly too tired and too done with all of this to properly deal with it. Having their arms crossed in front of their chests they watched how the paramedics kept attempting to put a blanket around Sherlock and simultaneously to convince him to change into a dry set of clothes. Well, trousers at least. He was already shirtless.
Sherlock emerged from his bedroom, barefoot and shirtless. He stared at John frowning. “Isn't it obvious?” he snapped annoyed.
“Of course we had one,” he retorted and sniffed at the tree. “Mummy insisted we had one. She made Mycroft and me help her decorate it every year. He was always the one who was allowed to put the star on top.” He pulled a voice but John couldn't figure out if it was because of the memory or the tree's scent. In Sherlock's world, it could be either of it.
“Call Lestrade! I caught him someone who wanted to attempt murder!” Sherlock shouted before the man suddenly grabbed him and pushed his head beneath the water. John watched anxiously but Sherlock managed to get the upper hand and instead push the vendor beneath the water.
John... he didn't actually know what expression his face was currently showing. He assumed it to be a mixture of shock, surprise, disbelief and a good lack of understanding. Oh, and probably relief about the fact that no one was currently witnessing
“We will take on the case, Mr. Campell,” John translated for the poor man. “Spend a nice day with your children and don't worry.”
“He'll be out and since he'll be spending the entire day with his family – no idea who would voluntarily spend an entire day with children, seriously – we will have enough time to get a good look around his house.”
John didn't even try to say anything against it at this point. The lady beamed. “Oh, then I won't bother you any further. Thank you two so much for your help!”
He passed the little brass gate to the Campells' property as if he was at home. Sherlock ascended the few steps up to the door with a single step and fumbled in the pockets of his coat. John looked around but before the unwell feeling in his stomach could even make him worry about someone watching them break in, Sherlock had already unlocked the door and urged him in. “That was... quick. Brilliant,” John remarked.
The lady shook her head. “No, I'll merely be spending the holidays with my daughter's family. My grandchildren are just lovely!”
John backed away from Sherlock and managed to catch him just in time before he could break down completely. Maybe he was in shock more than any of them had previously thought, maybe John had completely overwhelmed him, maybe he had-
“But I didn't. Why does it bother you so much, John, seriously? You were on time, we saved the day, everyone's happy.” Sherlock got up, throwing the blanket into the ambulance car mindlessly, and slipped his hands in the pockets of his coat. “Dinner?” He didn't wait for John but started walking away.
“What?” Some more blinking, and John did nothing to keep himself from laughing at Sherlock. For being a genius the man could be quite stupid.
“He somehow managed to take off the sweater and use it to tie the man up... no idea how he did it though. By the man he had brought him to the shore, the paramedics and you have already arrived and well... that's the case,” John finished his story.
“I didn't say that. I merely said he jumped over a fence,” John corrected him. The corners of his mouth twitched as he tried to hide his grin.
“Yes, of course. I care about you, Sherlock Holmes. A lot actually. But no matter how often I tell you, you don't seem to get it. You can be awfully oblivious sometimes.”
John suppressed the urge to roll his eyes and groan. He felt like his contingent was used up for today. “Would you like to explain then? What happened to the other theories? You had five this morning!”
He flinched. “No! Uhm, I mean I... I don't know. The doctor said he didn't know but it wasn't an allergy. At least not a pollen allergy. I sent them off to their grandparents anyway because not only my wife started to complain about the same symptoms but some of our neighbours did, too! They all went to their doctors but none could ever tell what the reason for the symptoms were.”
“Thank you,” he hissed smirking at the vendor who didn't seem to understand. “By the way, the name is Sherlock Holmes and you have a nice silver stain on your fingers.” Something like realisation dawned on the vendor's face but it didn't last long. It turned into utter shock when Sherlock abruptly stepped onto the boxes and gripped him by his shirt's collar before he flung themselves down the bridge right into the Thames.
“I need to prove some things,” Sherlock merely replied. John groaned quietly. Had he really expected a proper answer? He should know better by now. “Lock the patio door behind me, then leave through the front door. We'll be meeting up in Baker Street. Don't forget your shoes and try not to get caught, will you?” Sherlock didn't wait for an answer, he swept out of the door, his long black coat floating behind him like a cape.
But, then again, she didn't know Sherlock and smiled at him. “That would be lovely. My home just down the road.”
His train of thoughts and Sherlock's tea making were interrupted by a short ringing of the doorbell. Both men's head shot up, looking towards the door first, then at each other.
“Right.” Mr. Campell cleared his throat, and Sherlock looked ready for murder. “So, my family and I bought a Christmas tree last week and we decorated it. Actually, I'm not someone for a tree but the children and my wife insisted on it. We decorated it but afterwards, when we got together I noticed that my kids felt unwell. They complained about a headache and a dry-”
“How can you think about dinner now? Sherlock!” John hurried after him, trying to catch up to the bloody idiot with the ridiculously long legs. “Sherlock, we were worried about you. Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, your brother, me, because we didn't know what you were up to!” He stopped the oh so great only Consulting Detective in the entire world in his tracks to make him look at him.
“You didn't see the problem earlier,” John remarked. He slipped his hands into his pockets and waited patiently until Lestrade seemed to have calmed down a bit. He really didn't want the DI to go into cardiac arrest.
Sherlock sighed. “John, you disappoint me. Really. We need to go, there's a potential murderer running around. Wait, what are you doing there?”
So, a few minutes later, they were back in their sitting room, Sherlock in his usual armchair, John at the desk. It was amazing how quickly the man could change his attire from “I'm homeless” to “I'm a professional”. He was now dressed in his usual black suit with a dark red shirt beneath it which stretched over his chest in a way that John asked himself why the bloody hell the man couldn't just go up a size when he was out buying clothes. But, then again, John couldn't imagine Sherlock going clothes shopping. Or doing any shopping at all. He couldn't even manage to get some milk from the TESCO just down the road. Or...
John really wasn't. But he couldn't deny the rush of adrenaline. He knew it was wrong and absolutely reckless but his fingers were tingling and he knew Sherlock knew it, too. There was no point of denying it.
Never before had he voiced or made his changed feelings for Sherlock clear in any way. Bloody hell, he had barely admitted them to himself out of fear what it would mean for their relationship. They had never talked about the matter, not even when people had assumed they were a couple so John had absolutely no idea what Sherlock was thinking about it (ignoring that it was generally difficult to even follow his train of thought, let alone figure out what exactly was going on in his head).
His unresponsive silence was eventually answered with Sherlock getting up to bring the kettle to a boil. John wasn't sure whether or not he could expect him to make him a cup as well; he would most likely simply forget that John might want one, too. Well, he would probably forget that John was even there.
John was at his wit's end, probably just like Lestrade who was standing next to him. They were both standing in front of Sherlock who had absolutely stupidly solved a case on his own again and was now sitting in the back of an ambulance car. John found himself being relegated to their very first case again as he saw how the emergency doctor kept putting a blanket around Sherlock, and how he kept pushing it from his shoulders.
“I wouldn't mind, you know. If it makes you happy,” he interrupted John's thoughts. His gaze was still on him, his eyes like a clam sea yet ready to drown anyone who wasn't careful eno...
when he was standing there in a Christmas sweater with a clown nose and red... whatever the things on his head were. Antennas. Like an alien. Maybe he was a Christmas alien? Alien Rudolph? John grunted. God, this was too good to be true.
He scrunched up his nose. “What? Why? John, this is for the case! Maybe my explanation was a bit fragmentary-”
“Yes.” John shook his head and made a gesture towards Mr. Campell along the lines of “Ignore him and just go on”.
They continued their way to the living room. “And you didn't have to take of your shoes?” John remarked. If Sherlock left any stains on the white carpet he would laugh at him.
But before Sherlock could answer his question he bumped (on purpose, John could tell!) into an older lady passing them by.
“Okay, okay!” Lesatrde interrupted John again. “I don't need you to tell me how socially awkward Sherlock is, I know that myself. The case, John.”
“Okay, explain this to me again,” Lestrade said after watching how Sherlock threw the blanket away staring at the doctor in front of him challengingly. “How exactly did he end up jumping into the Thames shirtless, with a clown nose and these red... whatever these things on his head are.”
“I can imagine!” Sherlock laughed. John rolled his eyes. As if! “Every Christmas we spend with our daughter is just like heaven. Just yesterday we were decorating the Christmas tree!”
“It's called tradition. But yes, sentiment, too,” John answered even though he wasn't sure if Sherlock was listening. “Didn't your family have a Christmas tree when you were a child?”
Sherlock grinned before he leaned down and whispered into John's ear, “I know. But it's fine as long as I have you, John Watson.”
He heard Sherlock shuffling and turning on the couch to catch his attention but John refused to pay any attention to it. He was a grown man behaving like a child; while John wasn't surprised by this behaviour anymore, he hadn't given up on hoping that Sherlock would, one day, pull himself together.
“I am so sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going,” he apologised as he picked up the things. Groceries mostly, John noticed as he helped. He glanced at Sherlock. What was he playing at?
John had arrived at Baker Street long before Sherlock. For a moment he had stood around lost considering what to do before he had shrugged and made himself a cup of tea. It was freezing and they had been out all day. His feet were aching and he wanted nothing more than to relax. That was how Sherlock found him a good two hours later, sitting in his armchair reading today's newspapers, a cup of tea next to him.
“Oh, I am so sorry, please forgive me!” Sherlock exclaimed, and John wanted to groan at how much of an actor and drama queen the man was. Yet he joined him at bending down and picking up the lady's stuff.
He quickly concentrated on Sherlock again before the annoyance over his flatmate's behaviour could get the better of him. Sherlock had placed his hands flat against each other, the fingertips just barely touching the underside of his chin. He had probably already figured the man out.
Keeping an eye on Sherlock was, despite his height and ridiculous appearance, quite hard. When he was trailing, feeling like he could wrap up the case at any moment, he was like a snake; quiet, invisible, dangerous, adapting to its surroundings without any problem. Hidden in plain sight, to be discovered only when it was too late.
He couldn't believe it. John couldn't believe it. Of course Sherlock had to play the aloof hero and place himself in danger instead of just telling him or Lestrade for bloody
The man took a breath but Sherlock interrupted him before he could speak. “But don't annoy me. And be quite quick, it will benefit both of us. I'm sure your children want you back home soon.”
Sherlock didn't answer, instead moved his toes and shifted his weight back and forth. He looked to the ground frowning, and John decided he didn't even want to try to figure out what he might be thinking. He would fail anyway.
Greg blinked. “Oh, come on, John,” he groaned but decided to let the topic slide. He could probably call Mycroft about this later... “Okay, so about the case... and please, do come to the point.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Come on, John, think!” he groaned and groaned again when he got no answer. It wasn't that John didn't try. He just didn't
“I care about you, too, John,” Sherlock repeated his previous words rolling his eyes. “But that doesn't keep me from solving these crimes. Why is it so important to you anyway? It's not like you'd cared bef-”
“SHERLOCK!” John screamed dashing towards the bridge's rail just in time to see Sherlock and the vendor being swallowed by the water. By then, countless people were pushing themselves towards the railing to see what had happened, some alarmed, some with their phones out to film the fight Sherlock and the unknown man were involved in. Jesus, the man would be the reason for John's early death. He buried his fingers into the stone railing until he saw Sherlock emerging from beneath the water.
It made him turn around, one hand still on the door handle. Cold air was flooding the living room rather quickly. John moved his toes as if he was seeking warmth in the fluffy carpet when the cold air hit them.
“What has he even done?! Sherlock, Jesus, I don't even have an idea what has happened because you never bloody tell me!”
“Where are we going?” John asked, hands in his pocket. Sherlock hadn't said any more since they had left the flat, and John sadly wasn't gifted with the ability of knowing a person's thoughts based on the colour of their shirt.
go on with the actual story before I clear my mind and throw you two into jail for committing burglary?!”
“I uhm... we need some back up over here. Westminster Bridge,” the Doctor said on the other end of the line. Greg automatically sat straighter in his chair. It usually never meant something good when either Sherlock or John called and needed “help”.
He swept into the room, took the cup and left almost as quickly as he had entered. John didn't even look up. “That was mi – never mind.” He placed the newspapers on the armrest and turned with a sigh to look at where Sherlock had disappeared to. A victorious “Ha!” came, then he suddenly started rummaging in his bedroom, throwing clothes around. A yellow jacket his the wall of the hall, a pair of shoes followed. John frowned. “What exactly are you doing there?” He hoped Sherlock wouldn't send the teacup flying next. Mrs. Hudson would hear and get all fussy over it.
“Oi, mate!” Sherlock called out with an accent that was so not him that John cringed at it. “What can ya recommend me?”
“It was actually non-existent. You didn't even tell me about any of your theories! I followed you through half of London like a dog!” he clarified and watched how Sherlock blinked a few times as if he didn't understand.
“Okay, okay,” Lestrade interrupted John's monologue. “I really don't need to know about Sherlock's attitude towards shopping of any kind or the way his shirts stretch over his chest.” Lestrade was positively shuddering at the thought of that and even more at the thought of
The statement almost knocked John of his feet. He couldn't do anything but blink at his friend for a solid minute. He must look like Sherlock when John had told him that he was his best friend. “What?”
“Oh, it's fine, my dear. I wouldn't have noticed myself where I was going if I was accompanied by such a lovely man as you are.”
“Caring.” The word rolled off his tongue as if he was trying them out even though they'd been through this at least a million times by now. “I care about you, too, John.”
“Oh please, Greg, he has done worse,” John merely replied, surprising himself with it. Who would have thought he would one day be so easy with talking about crimes?
“You've been caring,” Sherlock replied in the same tone, and John gave a laugh. One day, that bloody idiot would be the death of him.
“The same happened to my grandchildren, too! But I suspect they ate too many sweet, they complained about a sick stomach and being thirsty all evening,” the lady sighed shaking her head. They stopped in front of one of the houses, and she opened the door. They followed her inside to drop the bags of groceries on the kitchen counter. Sherlock's gaze wandered through the room and got stuck on the Christmas tree in the living room space just a few metres away, decorated in silver and blue.
“But our little girl fell sick afterwards. She was devastated when we told her we couldn't got to the Chrstmas market today,” Sherlock continued imitating the face of a worried and sorrowful father perfectly. It was only when the lady answered that John finally understood what Sherlock was aiming at.
“No. You're not going to open the door to a client like this. You go upstairs, brush your teeth and dress yourself. In a suit, not a bed sheet I might add,” John ordered sternly. He wouldn't allow a repeat of the Buckingham Palace incidence.
Sherlock merely huffed at the suggestions and turned his back towards John. “Fine, then keep sulking like a child,” he muttered turning the page. Sherlock looked up at the new sound but returned to his previous posture quickly. He hadn't even bothered to dress himself yet and John hoped this wouldn't be a day he would spend complaining. If that was the case he would leave the flat before he would be driven mad.
John who would have liked a cup of tea very much got cut off by Sherlock. “No, thank you. We have to pick up our daughter form the kindergarten soon.”
Sherlock turned his head towards John smiling. They were entering one of London's better neighbourhoods, one of the residential districts that was especially popular among families with smaller children. John watched the great, mainly white houses as they walked by. It was a nice change to have taken the public means of transport and walking to taking a cab. But London was horribly to go through by car during the Advent season. The streets were mostly empty since people were usually at work and school during a Tuesday morning. John found himself thinking that he could never live in a neighbourhood this quiet.
Sherlock turned around but didn't stop walking. “Come on, John. You know me well enough that this shouldn't surprise you anymore. I need more data. You're a doctor, what did you think his entire neighbourhood fell ill with?”
“I'm getting ready for battle, John!” he called, and John found himself back a while ago when he had said the exact same and they had stood opposite a completely naked woman and a bunch of Americans with their guns pointing towards them only moments later.
“You're damn right. Now, he's broken into more than one house?” Lestrade wasn't even angry at this point anymore. Just really really done and really, really in need for a coffee. Laced with some alcohol. Some strong alcohol.
It was his turn to gasp in surprise when all of sudden he felt Sherlock grab his head and pull him in for another kiss. His lips moved against John's slowly but passionately and it didn't seem like he was about to stop anytime soon judging by how tight his grip was. Not that John minded, oh. Not at all. His eyes flattered shut as he wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist and pressed his body against his own. Warmth radiated through his body from where they touched.
“We believe that the pandemic was created to target those with a ‘common’ specific genetic marker and developed so it would be less likely to mutate when introduced to other viruses. You and I dear brother, along with our mother, did not have this common marker. Our father and sister were not as fortunate.”
“I know you will. This memory loss...my son experienced it before...as a child. He had a sister. I can’t go into details, but the circumstances of her loss were tragic. My son blocked it all out, all that happened that day, and all memory of his sister.”
“Very efficient. I am particularly impressed with the research and development although a few of your alchemists are halfwits.”
Sherlock agrees. The cat already found the perfect warm spot to sleep curled up behind Sherlock’s knees. John is suddenly so, so tired. Sherlocks rolls over so John can lie down beside him, and John wonders if it’s an invitation.
It’s scary to be in love. Terrifying. You have to put faith and trust in someone else. But he is. God, he is. He hopes that Sherlock can forgive himself.
John’s mind flashed back to their first meeting, hardly the same royal entrance, but just as effective. Running into John and knocking him to the sidewalk had certainly gotten his attention.
get a new roommate. He liked the work study, but he couldn’t work with Moriarty after this. As for moving, housing was hard to come by, especially that he could afford. He wondered how difficult it would be to find someone who needed a roommate? He supposed he could stop at Residential Housing and ask. Maybe he’d stop there after work study if he didn’t have to work late.
John gives me one of his long looks. I hear the words written on his face before John says them: “Don’t say it! I’ve heard you say it before: ‘I’m not a hero; I’m a high functioning sociopath.’ I didn’t believe it then and I don’t now.”
John does. Hard. Enough to spurt out over his own hand and drive a high breathy whine from his lips to echo off the walls. The sight of Sherlock watching him come, the curve of his lips, those dark curls damp on his forehead—makes John's heart skip-hammer in his chest.
Although John watches Sherlock carefully, Sherlock hasn’t had one episode since that day at the yards where they last saw Sophy. His headaches have tapered off, and he hasn’t had one in weeks, which is one of the reasons John gave the go ahead for this visit. John wanted to make certain there were no setbacks or emergencies since they might not be able to leave the island if there was one.
One day on an excursion to the more eastern section of the island, he spots an airstrip. He also finds a curious turtle pond on the east side where dozens of green sea turtles are milling around.
“What?” John didn't know what gave it away to him. He also felt odd. He took the pen off the desk. Was he that afraid of what he really was?
. John, there are no coincidences. Later this business merged into the Andropa Institute. An anagram for Pandora!”
John glows with an inner pride he hasn’t felt in some time. He’s blushing, all because this flowery-tongued wanker guessed his password. Will grins down at the screen.
Not long after Anthea leaves, the third and final body of the day comes in. A stab wound. And Sherlock recognizes the victim as a homeless man he knew from his early days on the streets. He shared some bread with Sherlock. And a cigarette. He’d told Sherlock off-color jokes.
“The footage and other materials will be in your hands before the end of the day.” Mycroft stands. “I am also grateful to you, Dr. Watson, for helping my brother.” Mycroft reaches out to shake John’s hand. John does so, reluctantly. “I do not hold that punch you gave me against you.”
He takes it off the shelf and opens it, and to his surprise, it’s more than a book. The pages have been glued together and the inside hollowed out. Within it, is a skeleton key.
He also knows that John Watson is one of the best things that has ever happened to him. He is a force. John is
Eventually, the father John had loved, the one who played with him, danced with him, tucked him in bed, was gone forever.
“Me pretending to listen to you should be enough. Any imbecile would knows what X represents on a form,” he says, “and I, obviously, am not one. You on the other hand…
“I remember coming to Cardiff and before. I remember my mission: to locate the ‘terrorists’ who held the bio-weapon and if at all possible find that weapon. I was to notify Mycroft of the location, and if at all possible, to neutralize the threat by any means possible.”
He wanted Sherlock to enjoy it with him. When Sherlock refused, James taunted Sherlock. He tried to force Sherlock to cry. He loved hearing Sherlock suffer.
After snapping them around to get John's attention, he began with deft butterfly cuts before he rapidly shuffled them, flicking and flipping the cards between his fingers.
"Bon débarras," shout the men as John stumbles out. They leave him standing on the dock with his message in a bottle.
“You’re lucky I got there in time. I almost resorted to your homeless network for a sitter,” John says.
As he is having this imaginary conversation, Will turns to look out over the water and is perturbed to see half of the sky is nearly black and full of stars, as if it was deep night without a moon. On the beach, the sun shines overhead, but just offshore the waves disappear into shadow. From the dark, he hears a deep, creaking groan. There's a shadow blotting out some of the stars, and Will sees the outline of a huge square-rigged sailing ship slowly moving towards the shore. He can see it more clearly now, and when he hears the groan again he sees it's under some sort of stress, listing to one side, and seems to be drifting rudderless and with nobody steering it. There's no obvious threat from the looming ship and yet Will is terrified, heart racing as he watches.
From his time spent with me, I deduce he sees very few patients. His morning office hours take little of his time, and he devotes long stretches of the afternoon to his family business.
William sighs. But that’s not true. He does. He knows more about the people in this home than he does about himself. Part of him hates to leave. It’s the only family he knows.
Sorry the chapter was delayed a day, and thank you for waiting! We made some last minute changes to our story, which we know you'll enjoy (now and down the road). In this chapter we have Will's POV. He's playing violin, cards and John (but only in his mind).
If he revealed it all to John, he'd put John in danger. It wasn't that he didn't trust John. Although Sherlock had taken risks in the past, trusted, only to be tossed aside, he didn't want to lose John as a friend. He wasn't concerned that sex would interfere with his friendship. He wanted John Watson, and already had a taste of what sex was like with him. He wanted it again.
"Well, yeah, you do that. I want a living roommate. I hate to have to get another." John pulled his backpack next to him. "I hate to leave like this, but I got to get to class. I think you have one too, or aren't you going to that again today?"
“The scene of the crime would give them away,” John says. It’s not the killer’s name, but it’s closer than Lestrade has gotten to the truth. This is the third victim in the last month. Molly holds the gloves up in front of her and Sherlock and gingerly wafts the air toward them. "Ooh, bit eggy?"
“You would not want to lose Cardiff as your own little fiefdom,” Mycroft interjects. “I think that is all then, brother mine. I must say I liked you better with a heart.”
"Maybe I should spread these lovely legs and bind your ankles." Sherlock sits on his haunches between John's thighs to admire his captive. "You shaved them just for me." He runs his hands up John's calves, over his knees, and caresses the top of his legs. "So smooth."
John blinked. He should have known. Sure she liked John—but her interest was in Sherlock, not him. Now he understood the dress and pink lip gloss. John also supposed she just didn't happen to be sitting near the door at the auditorium: she was waiting for John purely to ask about Sherlock.
Why couldn’t I say those words? Am I as barren as Eurus? I want to tell John that it’s a woman’s interpretation of love and how it destroys—at least how she believes unrequited love has weakened me. But it isn’t true. Love isn’t a weakness.
On the top bunk, Sherlock had closed his eyes. John was very talented. He had a lovely voice. Add one more to the list of John Watson paradoxes. Who knew this simple man could sing and play guitar like Bob Dylan? How had it come to this? Sherlock hadn't wanted a roommate at all, but this could prove much, much worse. Or better. Depending...
As we started across the bridge, Sherlock's sharp steps caused his shoes to echo across the moor behind us. I swear he was doing that on purpose just to add to the ambiance since mine sounded hollow as they struck the wide planks.
Sherlock immediately saw John's hand hesitate with the Coke can up to his lips. He gave Sherlock another curious lift of his eyebrows before returning to his text.
Sherlock knew he should demand a new roommate. Have Mycroft write a check and he could do it. There was risk, but then, there was also danger.
“Kitty, kitty, kitty,” Rosie says running toward him. John swoops her up to keep her away. “Rosie, pet the kitty?”
When would he realize Sherlock found his condoms and lube? John was most likely tired and hadn't even realized he'd left his capo and pick on the bed, but he might notice that his electric guitar case had been moved and figure it out then. Or it could happen later, when John went to play his regular guitar and wouldn't be able to find them. Maybe he'd ask Sherlock if he'd seen them.
At first he had tried to deny that they were the same. The man at the rest area's hair was much longer and lighter than John Watson's. Sherlock's nimble mind palace simply had barber sheers clip those the vibrant blond strands to confirm it was the same head of under that hair.
"I can't tell positively what kind of whale from here, but I believe it's a humpback. They migrate through the tropical Pacific to feed up before breeding. It's magnificent."
Sherlock Holmes looked in the mirror above the sink and swiped off a circle in the steam with the back of his hand. Funny how he looked the same: same shirt, same thick, curly dark hair, same ringlets still hanging in his eyes with the same stray tufts sticking out on the sides. His eyes were the same ever-changing shades of blue and green with the same dark shadows under them. It was inside, under his skin, where the difference lay. He yawned in the mirror just like any other morning, except this morning he wasn't at home: he was at this American motor service area. This Rest Area 818. He wondered how he could look the same yet feel so changed inside. He wondered if people would look at him and know. Not that he really cared.
Sherlock picked up one of the traps and carried it up to the rocking chair near the fire. The traps were older and rusty, but well-oiled. Sherlock pried open the trap’s jaws. It took a bit of hand strength and would be much easier to set using a foot. The springs were taut, but it wasn’t that difficult to wrap the chain around it to set the trap. The center was a circular flat pan. When an animal stepped on it, the trap was sprung and clamped around the animal’s leg. Probably some larger fur-bearing creature such as the beautiful fox he’d seen. The person who set them intended to capture them for the fur. As Sherlock turned the trap in his hands, he couldn’t help imagining that these were means to a gruesome end. The animals snared would endure a painful and panic-filled wait until they died of either exhaustion, blood loss, or hypothermia. If any were still living when found, Sherlock doubted its end would be any easier—possibly clubbed to death by the trapper. He was happy that he hadn’t found any animals in the traps himself.
But he couldn’t look into the mirror after he left the stall, as he washed his hands. That same reaction drew his feet back to the same bathroom some time later, and John found himself locked inside the stall, staring at the bathroom wall, chain-smoking cigarettes until the small cubicle felt like a burning hole.
John sighs. “I don’t generally hope you’re wrong, but I hope you are. I don’t understand why it’s necessary to lie to Greg. He’d keep the secret. I know you wanted Sophy to overhear it, but we could have told Greg.”
“From the size and shape, it is Mary Morstan,” Sherlock said with more than a little venom in his voice.
The manor was most impressive, I'll give him that. It was more of a castle, and the massive iron gates stood open for us. As we approached, my heart thumped and blood pumped. I should be chilled, but adrenaline had taken over.
He uses a boolean search, googling “Sherlock Holmes” and “James Moriarty” together. Ahh. Success. Several tabloids drop his name in conjunction with Moriarty’s investigation, but that is all.
Until this dream, my nightmare has never deviated. This time it changes. I am not back on the path alone without my father--instead, I am still in the cave.
Before John has quite decided to get on with his day, Mike is back with two coffees and an apology. “Sorry about the parade. Thought I’d use the tour as an excuse to get a read on our Tesco desperado here. Didn’t realize you’d still be on watch.” He offers a cup to John. “Do you want this? Or skip it, get an hour in an actual bed before shift?”
Sherlock’s eyes travel to the man they’ve dropped to the floor between them. He’s face up, blood beginning to clot on his scalp.
“I think I sustained a fairly severe head injury. I just happened to ‘collapse,’ you say? Nobody ‘helped’? Checking what I remember to get your story straight?” He reaches for the call button.
John feels as if he's been kidnapped by idiots. Is this how Sherlock feels about the criminal classes all the time? Which makes him, what? A bigger idiot? As Captain Obvious unties him, she yells for someone to come clean up John's mess. That finished, she turns to leave.
John was getting a headache. He hated this. God knows he could use the money. The fact that Mycroft knew he was strapped was proof enough that Sherlock was right about Mycroft: he lived to be a puppeteer and pull strings, manipulating all those around him, including his own little brother.
“Ever the BAMF, standing guard,” I say and almost tell him to go to bed, that I’ll be fine. But he would stubbornly stay. He also needs to talk. He never talks. I figured when a BAMF finally has to say it, he just does it.
He dug his fingers into the tree bark, getting his breath under control. In a blink, he was there. That man. The right height. He could see he had light hair. His features were obscured in the gloom of the night, yet there he was, touchable and real. He stepped closer. Sherlock's body yearned and trembled to be consumed.
The floor shakes, the cave trembles, crumbles, and crashes down. The heritage of all alchemystics, the founding Omega and Alpha Primoras, are buried beneath rubble. A stalactite breaks loose above me. My feet refuse to budge and allow me to escape. I am already speared in place, the target of its fall.
I remember Vivian’s words to Mary—that she and Mary were alike, that all they both wanted was a family and a little peace. But that’s not all either of them wanted. I wonder if those were her words, or if someone else put them there.
“My goal is to make him angry. Leaving him out of our adventure will be a good start. That and the note I wrote and gave to Molly to hand him.”
Thank you to hotshoesagain for the wonderful beta. Again, I couldn't keep my hands off it and did some additional writing on this afterward. Any mistakes are mine!
John’s mind turns to other things. Although he told them not to worry, Mrs. Hudson will most likely be in a panic by now anyway since he hasn’t returned. He’s wondering what Molly is thinking. As for Lestrade, the last time John talked to him was about Sherlock. And Sherlock? What kind of danger is he putting himself into?
“Correct. I’d say you have about ten minutes or less.” Gone are the musical Welsh rhythmic inflections replaced by British RP.
He returns to the laptop. He tells himself he’s not disturbed. She knows he has a dependency on drugs. She knows the damage it’s done to him. She also knows enough about Sherlock that he doesn’t give a damn about that either. Or so he likes to tell himself. She knows that too. He gets access and reads the trials and errors from the “experiments” alluded to in the files he read downstairs that Sophy so generously gave him. What he learns from her laptop tells Sherlock she has as little regard for human life as he does.
He’s talking Sherlock up about Beca being so impressed with Sherlock’s deduction that the body was moved when one of those irritating vendors tries to sell John a flower. Instead of telling the man to bugger off, John buys it. Then hands it to him.
That said, please forgive the longer gaps between chapters, but have patience. I am looking for this to be about 10 to 12 chapters. Also know that I am on the same quest as you are as you read. The setting is familiar to me, so I don’t have to do much research at all, which speeds up the process.
It’s also the literal John who protects. When we come to the door of 221B and it’s ajar, John’s jaw clenches and eyes narrow. The juxtaposition of the father John, scooping mashed potatoes on the cottage pie for dinner, to the BAMF John, standing with fists ready, is startling. It never fails to intrigue and arouse me.
I do know Mary’s reason. She feared for her life. I believe she also feared for John and Rosie’s lives as well. The best way to leave them safe was to leave them forever. This was to be a staged death. Eurus helped. The letter was to be part of it, but it never came about because Vivian made it real. I tell him this.
That Sherlock cares for him. Deeply. He sees it now. The concern, the love. Last night, he had crawled into the bed next to him, carefully leaving space between them. John knows that the next move is his.
“I will.” He pushes back the pain and nausea he feels and steps closer to his brother. “She also gave light to one other puzzle. I know what really happened to our sister.”
“A respectable one-thousand hits in the first hour. I attribute it to the tags I added, but since then, people have shared, and you’re at over six thousand. Oh, now over seven!” Sherlock points to screen.
“Aren’t you two cozy!” she says, taking a seat at the edge of the bed. “I guess I didn’t understand completely how things have changed between you. I must admit I rather expected as much.”
“Well, your plan might have worked if Dr. Hooper hadn’t noticed you weren’t sleeping in bed and said something to me. And you could have ended up dead because of it.” John keeps Lestrade’s visit to himself for now. No need to spook the man more.
Will stops the thought, feeling the heat low in his stomach and realizing he is not unaffected by this train of thought. So does he want to seduce John Watson?
"Of course it's cold, John. We are locked in a freezer." He placed the bag back on the shelf and spun around, facing me.
upset my cat!” Sherlock adds. John looks over to see Sherlock on the floor coaxing the cat out from under a table.
Sherlock wants to let go— embrace his emotions. It’s so easy to do as John wraps his arms around his waist and crushes his body. Sherlock appreciates the strength of John’s biceps. He takes Sherlock’s mouth again. Sherlock’s pulse races, and he counts. It’s a bit obsessive— 128 beats per minute is high but within male arousal limits. His pulse raises as John’s very impressive erection rubs against Sherlock’s upper thigh. Sherlock opens them purposefully in invitation.
Besides Kratides, the house contains “men” Sherlock must avoid. Although not many, he’s counted only three since he’s been here— all of which are well-dressed and most likely at one time MI6. He also knows one has a toddler at home who likes to chew on his coat sleeves, another owns a collie that hates being left home alone, and the third man Sophy called “Ross.” He has a wife with a male dom on the side.
But, for John, it was seeing our suspect pull out a key and opening her front door that rankled John to his core. He knew then that he was wrong about her.
Sherlock stood. “Despite being formulaic, the movie was surprisingly entertaining,” Sherlock said, brushing the popcorn kernels off his trousers.
John lifts one hand to cup Sherlock's face and kisses the bridge of his nose. There's a particular freckle there that he suddenly finds enchanting. John laughs. Now, he's pining over cherry-brown spots on his nose.
“That’s remarkable,” John says. He stands and walks across the room and stops in front of the fireplace, his finger brushing over the image beneath the glass. “
Eyes link briefly again. The man has nowhere to go. Over a thirteen foot gap between building roofs. But the stranger winks at him, then turns and does the unspeakable. He sprints, arms swinging, head lowered, hips tall. He never falters. He jumps. He soars. John doesn’t hesitate. He dashes after him. Although the stranger clears it by almost a foot, he is not perfect. He slips and falls — the first indication John's seen that he might be merely human. John doesn’t slow. He can do this too! He’s just as as capable. His foot pushes off, and for one blinding moment, John thinks he’s made it. Too late he realizes he’s close, but no cigar. Fingertips latch desperately on to the edge. He struggles to pull himself up, but his shoulder hates him. It’s hated him for some time. It always talks down to him. It says “surrender.” It says “let go.” His right hand obeys its master. His shoulder says to his left hand, “you’ve got nothing left to live for. Set yourself free.”
Moran reached behind and pulled his gun out of his belt and let it rest on John’s temple. John knew he should be nervous or upset. Instead he felt angry. Never a cruel person, John was surprised that he had a satisfying vision of ripping off Moran’s arms and legs like wings off flies.
He rushes down the mazes in his mind, and pulls down the Cluedo box, but nothing comes to him. “Talk. And play Cluedo. Yes. Cluedo, we could play Cluedo.”
Sherlock growls in answer and snatches the bowl of double chocolate caramel off the night table. Holding it in one hand, he reaches into the bowl with his other to scoop out a handful. John squeaks and his hips jerk about trying to escape as Sherlock raises an eyebrow and smears John’s entire groin with the melting goo.
On this particular stakeout, John tracked our suspect to the door of the woman who was the suspect’s alibi for the night of murder. She’d told John and I she’d only just met the suspect. I, of course, knew better from the way she nervously flicked her eyes. I told John as much, but he, however, had believed her story. I admit she gave an outstanding performance about how their chance meeting at Tesco led to him walking her home because “he was a true gentleman.” I suppose she was attractive if one liked a slim, toned body in a short skirt. John wants to believe in someone’s innocence. That’s what is so amazing about him: he sees everyone without guilt, while I see guilt in almost every place I look.
In this new real, I hear muffled voices exchange, but it sounds as if I'm still buried deep within the cave.
My dream shifts like sand. Again, this differs and shifts to another dream I have. I am home in the library. I am as I was left after Alphons’ death: with one real arm and one automail. It's silent and empty except for the tomes of books I love. It hurts, but I force my automail arm to push the ladder. The ladder wheels squeak as I roll it to the place amongst the stacks. At the top of the far end of the bookcases, I stop. There high above and behind a hidden panel, the secret of my family safely rests. I climb rung by rung. I must retrieve it. No one may be allowed to steal it. The Elixir. This philosopher’s stone is essential to the creation of living transmutation. I need it to get Alphons back.
In it he was the one seducing Sherlock, kissing him, stroking him, whispering what he wanted to do to him. The haunting opening of "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" played as the soundtrack to the vivid wet dream. He was picturing himself on a boat on a river with trees literally filled with tangerines under marmalade skies. All the while the boat rocked with them making love inside while cellophane flowers towered over their heads.
“There you are, John!” she says, bouncing up to the other side of the bed across from John. “Just checking on my number one patient!” Beca pats Sherlock’s hand.
He turned toward the library when he felt his knuckles throb. He looked down at his hand and saw the papers clutched there.
His mind runs over what Molly told him today in the morgue— Helena told her that she had concerns about Molly working with Sherlock so closely.  She showed Molly the “infamous folder” Molly was shocked. She says she didn’t believe it— that Sherlock is some serial killer. Helena said that Molly’s blind when it comes to Will
“And there are no police waiting outside your room thanks to us,” Molly says. “You need to get better. Let’s concentrate on that.”
"It's been...enlightening," John says, kissing the freckle on the tip of his nose. "But as for returning to the way it was before, I want what we have now. This." He says waving between them.
Afterward, John had told himself many lies. He told himself nothing had happened. He told himself he wasn't gay. He thought that maybe if he told himself enough times, it would become true. But it didn't. No matter how many times he repeated it, he still remembered how Steven made him feel.
In the middle of the warehouse sits a spinning concrete mixer filled with cement. Next to the drum mixer sits a folding aluminum chair. A three gallon builders bucket rests in front of the chair. It only needs two feet and about three gallons of cement and approximately twenty to forty minutes to set up before I take a dip in the Thames.
He also solved a few cold cases and aided Lestrade with a few new ones. A fine distraction for his mind. Anthea’s visits were stimulating as well— especially after John told her that Mycroft was alive. It seems she’d like to punch Mycroft as well.
“I know he did, but he was doing far more than that,” Mycroft turns to his brother. “You disappeared after you went undercover into the warehouse where we believed the virus was stored. Your last message to us confirmed you’d found it. You relayed to us that canisters were set to be shipped to five points of origin: Paris, New York, São Paulo, Tokyo, and Beijing. We did not hear from you again. We assumed you must have been discovered. We know Pandora began here in Cardiff that very day.”
Red velvet bows and an exceedingly large noble fir wreath welcome them as Sherlock stiffens his back and drops his own bag in front of the door, but before Sherlock can knock, it opens wide.
Sherlock returns to the flat surprised to find John still in place at the kitchen table. Sherlock falls dramatically onto the couch.
Sherlock climbed up the frame at the end of the bunk bed and wiggled under his blanket. Stretching out, he closed his eyes and entered his mind palace.
Thank you to those who responded on AO3 and Tumblr. We are grateful for the Kudos and comments and applaud all of you in return. Johnlock has some of the best fans of all. I can’t list everyone who commented but these six fans left comments on almost every chapter:  jobooksncoffee, itsneverjustheartdisease, 1butterfly_grl1, ylc, hubblegleeflower, and Purrfectlmt.
“The train station. We’re taking you to London. For Sherlock’s sake and his brother’s. This will work.”
She takes a mobile from her jacket and plays a recording for him. It's Sherlock, his face filling the screen.
“Watch Rosie.” His jaw is rigid, and his  fists clenched as he bounds up the stairs without so much as an answer from me.
“It was the result of losing my arm and Alphons. After I found that by simply pressing my palms together, then touching a chosen solid object at hand, I could call on the elements. Using whatever element that object possesses, I can wield objects, fire, air, and water.”
“Time’s a-wastin!” James chimed out, tapping the pen. He turned, putting distance between them. “Your date with destiny is waiting. Push. The. Button.”
“I shouldn’t have to point out that helping your brother didn’t work out so well for you last time,” John says.
Redbeard was almost as big as Sherlock, but he didn't mind the weight or the sloppy kisses licking the tears from his face or Redbeard's wet tail slapping his legs.
That’s when wake, but my eyes refuse to open to the agony of life. I'd rather fall into oblivion, then feel every atom in my body on fire. The nightmare was preferable.
my medical condition, you’re jogging the bolts loose in the car along with the brains in my cranium.”  Will grasps the seat as they round a corner a bit fast.
“I think it's time to get out of here.” Sherlock slaps a mosquito. "The little bastards are even finding me in here."
that John loved. Pendleton was accidentally taken from his body by an overanxious angel before his time had come. To make up for the error, he was returned to life in the body of a murdered millionaire named Farnsworth.
"Well, I didn't because I do have some idea what the answers are," John says. Easy enough to call off the wedding. Um...just tell everyone John's been abducted, which for most people would be a bit shocking, but in John's life, it's a regular occurrence.
John retrieved some rope from the garage, then paper-bagged it along with the ammo, pistol, and knife, then rolled it all up in an old blanket along with his granddad’s Remington  and said a silent prayer that Sherlock knew how to shoot it.
As we walked back out across the moors, I could hear the helicopter returning. How ever does Mycroft know these things?
“I have reason to believe you’ve been compromised, but until I can confirm my suspicions, I don’t want to cast anyone in a false light. You should watch for anything odd or out of the ordinary with your—”
"This is not about my sister! You don't have to do this—deflect from the real issue. Listen, it must be big if you can tell me he handcuffed you and leave it at that. What could top that? It has to be something...I don't know...like really horrible."
Sherlock another bite and groaned along with him. "John, I believe you have discovered magic." He picked up the bag and inspected it. "This must be straight from a traditional Jewish deli!"
Big thanks to hotshoeagain for getting to this chapter so fast and furious! I deeply appreciate you. Only one more to go...
“More each day,” John replies, trying his best to lift her spirits as he follows her. He half-expects Holmes ancestors to hang in the hall, then remembers the family fire.
It was almost nine-thirty, and John still wasn’t back. The soup was cold, but Sherlock could warm it up fast.
“No one is allowed to live here. We always walked across from where we stayed in the village of Swanbridge. Not the same place we’re staying. The couple who rented the cottage to our family sold it and retired over ten years ago.”
It’s glorious inside with unusual butterflies dancing above and around and the hum of bees in the air. All around color from orchids and other flowers. John knows little about botany, but it’s a breathtaking sight.
He decided he would monitor the area and see if he could spy this man who set the traps. If this was a poacher, taking the traps would most likely deter him. If he was not, then Sherlock decided he could at least make the area a bit safer for his furry friends.
Will takes a second to answer. "I know it's fine." Will holds up his left hand. “No trace that I ever wore a ring. Doesn't prove anything. I feel as if I have not. Along with the scars I’ve garnered over the last two year, I have ample older ones. One from a gunshot that grazed me here,” he points to his left forearm. “A knife wounds here and here.” He points to his chest and other forearm. Will frowns. “I have thought about the circumstances in which I would acquire such wounds. Most scenarios are not...good ones."
I hate that. I don’t bother asking why they abducted me. Revenge. How common. I really need to get away from them, but his accomplice grabs a handful of my hair and yanks me onto my feet while Norbury keeps his gun trained on me. With my ankles tied, I can’t walk. This forces them to muscle me along on both sides, dragging me along by my arms.
"You aren't the only one in danger. I'm afraid I made Mary rather angry with me. Mycroft thought it best that I hide out with you," he says sheepishly.
Will looks over at John, and Will is astonished at what he sees: utter composure. John becomes the eye of a storm as he puts the car in park. With deadly calm, he reaches in back of him, then opens his car door. “Stay here. This will only take a minute.”
“John! You have...wallpaper!” Will touches the flock trellis design of the rose colored fleur de lys motif on a dark metallic blue background, then strides over to the fireplace mantel. “Photos in frames. Oh, that’s you with a mustache! Mmm...much better without. I do like my doctors clean shaven.” He stalks over to a table. “And look at this vase!” he picks it up, turns it over. “This is perfect!”
“Not as deep as they once were, but deep enough it seems.” It always felt so satisfying having his brother pay.
And about the brother. It seems he’s alive unless I decide to throttle him in the future. People can call Sherlock a posh egotistical arse all they want, but he’s nothing compared to bloody Mycroft Holmes.
My head feels as if its steel pounded thin on an anvil. The smack to the side of my head compounded it, and my mind palace remains distant to me. It's there, but the path to it is but a mere filament, so thin, and becoming thinner with each second.
She pats his knee. “Still thinking you’re going to be saved? No one is coming. I have your mobile. John is sound asleep in bed. But I have come to keep you company in your final minutes.”
The jet lands to refuel, but there's no opportunity to escape. Wherever they're heading, John is certain it's no place he'll want to be.
He pulled out his knife and cut her down. She was limp in his arms. He disarmed her first. One gun was buried in the snow beneath her, another tucked in her jacket and a small blade in her boot. John slipped one gun in the back of his jeans, and the other gun and knife in his coat. He checked her pulse. If she was faking, it was an academy award performance. He pulled her along. He quickly flicked the flashlight beam on and off directly into her eyes. Not faking and not dead. Getting her back into the cabin would be tricky. He slung her over his shoulder and struggled through the drifts until he got to the cabin door. He had to push her to the top, then he slid down, following her.
"Probabilities. Based on the number of points I can recollect on a randomly chosen route through given areas I have concluded that I am more familiar with some areas of Cardiff than others. Makes changes from my memories more relevant." Will stops pacing and turns to John. "I'm fairly sure I'm not from here. My mental map of London is much more detailed and my Welsh is...textbook." He looks back at the map. "I really need to get my hands on something more detailed than a bus map. This was the best one Mrs. Hudson had in her side table. You don't have a printer I somehow haven't found yet, do you?" Will looks at him hopefully. "No, of course you don't."
They spend the rest of the morning reading and researching at lightning broadband speed. Sherlock jokes with John, and John winks back at him. John is flirting. At least Sherlock thinks he is.
Sherlock shifts his weight, side to side, sliding down John’s torso humming and licking and making John beg for more. He flicks John’s thick cock through his pants with the tip of his tongue, then pulls them down. His tongue traces the tip, then he buries John’s cock down the back of his throat. He pulls off with a pop.
He turns back to the sunny beach to see a body on a slab, sewn up tightly in a ship’s sail. It's rough, stiff canvas sewn tightly with thick thread that William cuts open at the chest. Male, sandy haired. Muscular. A scar on the shoulder. Face still covered with the sail. He’s cracking open the chest, dissecting the thoracic cavity, removing the heart and lungs. Although it’s a cadaver, it bleeds. There’s so much blood. He rips the sheet from the cadaver’s face to sop up the blood. It’s John. Will bend.s down to kiss John farewell and is shocked when John reaches up to embrace him. Will clasps John to him and gasps awake, sweating, wondering what was memory and what was a dream.
“Come, John,” Sherlock says, standing up with the cat cradled in his arm, purring. “I wish to got home.”
When he returned that night, he didn’t tell me what happened directly. Instead he patiently waited for Rosie to pick up every wooden block off the floor in her desired order—not A, B, C or red or green or blue blocks first. In the Rosie order, which before bedtime is as slowly as possible.
John was tapping the pen on the desk. His eyes moved to the clock. Almost three. His head shot up when a knock came on the office door. His heart raced when he heard the voice.
John would think it’s a bit creepy. But as Sherlock sits lotus, watching John breathe, Sherlock understands himself much better. Sherlock wants what he never knew he wanted.
When they reach the warehouse doors, they drop me while the accomplice unlocks and the scissor doors push open, it’s stubborn and the casters groan their reluctance. My captors’ distraction proves advantageous. It’s long enough to send John a fast text message. I roll on my side. I’ve messaged in more awkward positions. They don’t notice. Idiots.
He remembers John’s words: It’s all him, not some magic inside. “It’s the way you carry yourself, back ramrod straight, military stance. Your confidence, timber of your voice. Comfortable with giving and receiving orders. Old tan lines. Captain John Watson. As for your wound, you favor your shoulder, rub it at times.” He doesn’t tell him about the scar on his shoulder. “You also have a psychosomatic limp that pops up from time to time. You didn’t need that cane the day you chased me. Lately you haven’t used it much at all, bit of dust on the handle. And I do believe you’ll do without from now on.” Will winks at him. John gives him an odd look as he realizes he’s left it in the closet near Will’s attic.
And now John cared. Only the other night, John had awakened Sherlock from one of his night terrors. He'd expressed true concern and had asked him what was wrong. No one ever asked Sherlock about them; they just told him they were "nothing" and to "go back to sleep" or ignored them altogether. The morning after, his mum would take him into the kitchen, hand him one of her homemade chocolate biscuits, and set him down at the table. But she never once asked, "What's wrong with my William?"
“There’s something else you need to know, as a doctor and as his friend. You are a good friend to my Willie.”
Mary shook her head, pulling a pad and pen from her coat pocket. “The poor dog drowned,” Mary continued. “Sherlock does that, unintentionally or not, he destroys what he cares for most. He may speak of you with the same reverence, but you should be wary of him. You should heed my warning or you will meet the same fate as poor Redbeard. That bomb, for instance …”
Later that very year I discovered the reason why I lived as an alpha within the first chapter of a book I'd found in an old apothecary. The book was titled
“Really. This could prove eventful.” John falls back on the bed with a giggle. He crooks his finger, motioning Sherlock to him.
He supposes he can understand why Sherlock has waited. It seems safe to ask in this place that's so far removed from civilization. "You may as well tell me the rest now, though."
Irene Adler visibly flinches, but presses ahead. "You think Magnussen will destroy John? No. What will destroy John is losing Sherlock. You know what John was like when you met him. How depressed he was."
I remember John the doctor doing nothing to save his wife. I remember doing nothing myself. No one did.
John was not only a constant reminder of his encounter at the rest area, but also of one of the most perplexing mysteries he'd ever encountered.
The idiot leaves on my shoes, socks, and trousers. I almost laugh at his stupidity. They obviously have never read about using this nor seen any old gangster movies. Thank you, BAMF John, your obsession may very well save me.
Sherlock tenses, and at first John fears he’s pulling away—  that this is all too much for him. Then Sherlock’s spine lifts in invitation. He stifles a cry, and John thinks again, maybe it is too much. But Sherlock own hand joins John’s with a growl, and he thrusts through their fingers. John’s free hand grasps Sherlock’s soft, silky curls. His own breath breaks, and he shivers along with Sherlock as he comes in his hand.
It gave John pause to think that what was in these boxes and in this room might never unlock his past. It might all be for nothing if this was the case.
"He's dehydrated from the fever, and this automail arm needs to come off. It's gangrenous where it’s attached. I'll need to remove most of what's left of his real arm to the shoulder. He'll require new automail since the tissue around it is putrid. A new semi-blood seal will have to be formed. God, knows if I can even find an alchemist to do it."
“Oh, Sherlock, every person has a soft spot— that little pressure point that can be poked and prodded. It’s delightfully entertaining to watch people writhe and squirm. Please continue.”
“That you were going to the same university was a gift,” James said. His shoes echoed on the tile as he stepped closer. “The rest was simple.”
The top two floors are Lord Blackwood’s. Of course there’s a locked door blocking the stairwell access to the last two floors, but unlike his locked doors in his mind mansion, these are real. And a combination! Why do people insist on using birthdays?! It's Blackwood’s black sheep of a brother’s, but it works.
Sherlock stopped at what students referred to as "the Party Store" to buy a few foodstuffs. More of the Pringles, cigarettes, a loaf of the horrible American bread that John seemed to like, along with a jar of peanut butter and a deck of cards.
He takes hold of John’s hand tightly, fingers flexing against the dense curve at the heel of John’s thumb.
“What do you expect me to say?” he asks. He’s surprised his voice is so detached, but maybe not so surprised.
I think I’m lucky to have John Watson. And Molly. And Lestrade. Even my insufferable brother. We get out of the cab in front of 221B. Or rather, John gets out and I hop.
John brushed his hands over his face. Was there anything he didn't know? "That leads me to the odd part of my day."
While Sherlock knew that John Watson was attractive, there were far more handsome men in his dorm. Yet when John Watson stripped off his shirt to get into the shower, Sherlock knees went weak and he would swear to anyone near him that John rivaled Michalageo's David.
She also went into stolid detail about every piece of furniture. I couldn't imagine how she could ever sell tickets for a tour like this. I found it all fascinating, but Sherlock looked like he was asleep on his feet. He did manage to roll his eyes at me once or twice, but he gave no other signs of awakening until we reached our destination deep in the servants' wing: the main kitchens.
As they climb down through the rocks to the beach below, it’s slow going, but Sherlock quickly remembers the path he took as a boy.
Sherlock pushed back the dusty curtains. The small, square cabin windows allowed for little light even on this bright January morning. Sherlock had washed them as best he could with old newspapers and vinegar, but the morning light still struggled to shine through the grime that remained on the outside.
He needed him as a friend. As a sex partner. He'd have to make sure that if they did have sex, it was only sex.
No, he didn't have to do this, but John knew he would. He wanted this, needed this—his mind and body yearned for this moment—it filled him, waking, and sleeping.
John looks up to see Will standing in front of a large map of Cardiff bus routes which he has pinned to the wall and is marking up with a series of lines. He's holding three pens of different colors and apparently needs a fourth. "I thought you said you
The longer he sits up, the more wildly his head spins. He's thankful he has nothing left to vomit. He opens the envelope with shaking hands and unfolds the letter.
Sherlock had spent most of the cold January days walking in the woods. He’d kept a diary of the speed of which different animals decomposed in the natural environment of Michigan, but every time he went back to check, the animal’s carcass was either picked clean or dragged off to be eaten elsewhere. He rather liked this part of Michigan and its outdoors far better than what Ann Arbor offered. Ann Arbor didn’t hold a candle to his London, but he preferred this wild side of Michigan to the tame English countryside.
John had always known that he was attracted to boys and men. At the movies, he didn't go to watch the women; it was the men he went to see. Sean Connery, Paul Newman, Robert Redford were just a few. He poured over their photos in well-used magazines and hid them under his mattress. Girls were fine, but after that summer with Steven, he knew the truth.
"I bet you aren't. They're children's reading textbooks. I don't know if you ever read any of those."
“What does that mean?” John presses his back into the cushion and stretches his legs out in front of him. He loves first class.
Anthea taps her fingers on the seat. The train is almost to Paddington Station. From there, they’re to go somewhere by car into the London countryside where Sherlock’s supposed family home resides.
. Therefore, Sherlock deduced, not stashed beneath the bed for later—instead it had fallen behind the bed—left behind by the old fisherman who had previously rented the cabin.
The man changed his mind, just as Sherlock had, and moved deeper into the brush. Sherlock chewed his lip as he followed.
John’s mouth falls open. “Muttonpaws. But there’s no way you would know that! I couldn’t remember!” John looks a bit lost as he says.
Controlling the drug market is the easiest way to the top of the underground crime ladder. But in this new world turned upside down, one doesn’t need to go underground. Her account books she’s left for him to see look legitimate. He is right about the building’s location: a large office on Cardiff Bay. Excellent labs. It’s name is, of course, The Andropa Institute. Looking over some of the accounts isn’t a surprise either: Cardiff Royal Infirmary is on the supply list.
While they’re waiting at the bottom of the stairs, I pull out my mobile and call Mycroft. He owes me this for keeping information from me. Most of all he owes John.
"Do not trust him," Sherlock warned. His eyes met John's and narrowed. His brow wrinkled one second; the next his long legs catapulted him up into his own bed. The bed slats above John's head sagged under Sherlock's weight.
John sees Irene Adler and Mary together in some sort of corridor. Possibly Barts. It must be Barts. The shaky video is unlike Sherlock. Done in haste, his thumb partially obscures the corner of the screen.
"My father was beside himself." Her voice was unemotional, business-like. "He instructed me that if there ever were a problem to call Mycroft Holmes. Daddy said Mr. Holmes owed him a tremendous favor, what with that nasty scandal over a certain Parliament member last October."
"Not entirely your secret to keep, John," she says. "I saw the MRI, too, you know. And I didn’t call ‘the police,’ I called Lestrade. And convinced him to come here rather than take him in for questioning. I think he takes our mystery man's accusation seriously."
They still had some of those crackers John liked. Sherlock actually thought they weren’t bad. John had shared them with Sherlock one of their first evenings together. Ritz, they were called.
It should have been unsettling for Sherlock to see Mycroft again, but having him in this flat felt oddly familiar. Sherlock generally tries not feel anything. John feels enough for the both of them. Meeting with his brother in this place, John’s hallowed ground, put Sherlock at ease. He felt almost happy. A curious feeling for Sherlock.
Sherlock's eyes have become dark, dangerous. John knows that look. He'd seen it in the poor lighting of that pool with Moriarty, but never in the light of day. "What are you leaving out?"
“What! You’re insinuating the most honest person I know is...not honest? How will that get Sophy on your side?”
And tomorrow? Sherlock has planned a day with Mary finalizing the flower selections. Now, it seems, that too is to be done without John.
“You constantly pester him about his weight. It’s a long running joke for you.” She slips closer to him, and Sherlock edges closer to the door.
As for driving anywhere, it took a week to dig out. My apartment building was on Michigan Avenue, which is state emergency highway that is always one of the first cleared. It wasn't cleared for 4 days, and Snowmobiles were the only emergency vehicles for days. Other back roads were impassable for over a week.
“Not to worry,” Sherlock says, setting the laptop in front of John, “most of the sensitive posts I set to private; however, that will not stop Sophy from accessing the hidden posts and reading them, which is the true purpose.”
More than once, a man tapped on his car window. Each time, John panicked. He peeled rubber, fled, car screaming out of the lot.
I sigh as I put on my coat and scarf. I take a cab to the crime scene. It’s in a large three-story home in the Hampstead Garden suburb not far from the bird sanctuary. Police are fanned out in the front garden, taping it off to keep reporters from poking in. I duck through and go inside.
"Oh, do try not be an ignoramus!" Sherlock said. "Even you should be able to follow the trail of blood and intestines that begins about fifty metres from here."
Getting ready for his early morning Psychology class, John kicked himself for staying up so late the night before. The dreams he'd had were worse. God, he was having sex in them with his roommate. How could he look him in the eye again after that?
Bradford Norbury is taller than I am by two inches. He’s blond, and I suppose he’s handsome in a conventional sense with his chiseled jaw and big brown eyes and thick lashes. But he wears an ill-fitting Italian suit with expensive mismatched socks. It’s an insult to the tailors on Savile Row and to cashmere enthusiasts. It’s also personally insulting. He is pointing a Glock at my chest.
“I’m no genetics researcher, but isn’t it near impossible to pinpoint positively what genes are selected when it comes to something like this?” John asks. “Genes vary from one individual to the next.”
John doesn’t know Mycroft well, but it’s obvious that he’s as smart at his younger brother. That’s why John understands this confrontation with Sophy has a much deeper purpose. This was not for Sophy’s sake. This was for Sherlock’s.
John didn’t want to go out there any more than Sherlock did, but they couldn’t leave them to die. Sherlock may say he doesn’t care now, but guilt was insidious. He would regret his actions one day. Maybe not in months or weeks, but years.
“That it is.” He stands and walks over to a bench filled with Chinese hibiscus. Bees buzz around large red and lavender blooms. “Here.” He reaches down next to the bench and picks up a small, white button, then holds it out for John to see.
The doctor senses this. He rests his eyes on my parched lips. He pours water from a jug into a glass.
I hate getting kidnapped, but I do believe John hates it more. He would much rather be the rescuer. It’s the BAMF in him. For me, it’s a trial in stupidity and often boredom.
He towels off the rain and wanders around the cabin, where he finds an assortment of reading material. The rain beats on the cabintop as he thumbs through magazines, novels, and assorted books about the plants and marine life of the Pacific. The photos in the illustrated book on tropical fish are stunning.
She is. Too fast. He shifts next me, settles in closer. He rests his hand between us, brushing my leg. My heart misses a beat and my breath catches. I briefly close my eyes to see the paper heart appear. The note. I open my eyes to see John looking at me quizzically.
I’d loosened the cement considerably with my earlier jiggling and jouncing. It was possible that I could work my way out of the concrete since my socks and shoes and ankles were loose enough. The bucket slips off the plank, but catches on the next. I
“Exactly. Can you put that on speaker?” she asks and sits closer to him, watching his mobile screen instead of her own. “They have a website with people who feed this misinformation to the world. She is painting Mycroft Holmes as some Machiavellian puppet master who’s responsible for all the bad that has happened in the world, including Pandora, when in reality the man did everything in his power to stop the world from flying apart, including sacrificing the brother he loved.”
In this fic, A Dead Man’s Money, I think that I came a little more into my own. I felt braver in playing with words and phrasing and am gaining confidence in the length of my chapters (you will note that they have been increasing in length over the course of this fic - something that both @88thParallel and @7-percent have been bugging me about, quite rightly, for a while;) It’s not that I didn’t want to, or didn’t think that it was a good idea, it’s just that I didn’t think that I had the words, the ability to make them longer. But, as it turns out, maybe I do ... So, here’s to more, longer chapters in the future :)
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
“Moriarty has access to John’s military files, specifically his rehabilitation records. How did that happen?"
John took a deep breath. “Not until the last minute, though. You two stay out of sight until we are with Guerin, I’ll keep our phone line open, just make sure yours in on mute.”
“Again, I'm no detective, but I think that the question you should be asking is why did someone feel they
Mycroft pursed his lips and straightened his tie. “Doctor Watson, do you think that there was anything that Sherlock wouldn't have done to keep you out of danger? To “save John Watson” - he would have given his life.”
The Station had been, for the longest time the exclusive realm of rodents, roughians, and the occasional film crew looking for a suitably moody backdrop to film the antics of their overpaid, temperamental “talent”
Now, outside the Coroners court, all chaotically jostling each other out of the way, the same journalists tried desperately to shove their microphones under his nose in search of a soundbite.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font that reads, "S.P." inside an anatomical line drawing in black ink of a whole human heart.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Before sleep claimed him John heard a couple of words mumbled softly into his chest, that sounded a lot like
As he crossed the room, Sherlock studied John's body surreptitiously, not wanting to draw Guerin’s notice. He started to feel some blood course through his veins again as he caught the ever so slight slight rise and fall of John's chest.
It was the first time Watson had heard his friend so troubled, so doubtful, so unsure. He looked pained; the world as Holmes knew it wasn't adding up. The rationale was flawed and he struggled to understand, to make sense, and to return order to his brilliantly sharp mind, his world.
She looked now to Mycroft. "I also understand that it is the wish of the family that the declaration of death be made speedily, and that the inquest can proceed even without discovery of the body."
Alt text: Eight. S. a curious tie, you said. No such thing as coincidence. Just the confluence of events, of lives, in motion. J. Will we heal and come out of it Will we see the light and live?”
eggs, and there is plenty enough for Greg as well.” John slid the plate across the table to Lestrade.
“And what happens in there?” Sherlock pointed to the door at the end of the room with the less-than-inviting brightly orange biosafety hazard symbol adorning the door above a small window. “I am guessing something
John felt his cheeks flush with pride. Why it was that Sherlock’s opinion of him mattered so much, he could never figure out, but matter it did.
For all intents and purposes, it did appear that they had managed to box themselves in to the case and to the riad. Going anywhere near Guerin’s house was definitely out of the question now and the warehouse wasn’t an option either. John wondered how they were going to move the case forward under these constraints. Though if anyone could do it, Sherlock could. Sherlock could probably solve the entire thing whilst relaxing in the bath …
The low viscosity oil dripped out along the sides. Taking the second cloth, he wiped off the excess and spread the oil around the slide and the outside of the frame. None on the trigger though.
Sherlock's hand went automatically to his face, fingers ghosting over his left cheek. His eyes became a little lost in the memory and then sharpened again. “I doubt she's going to be happy about it any time soon, do you.”
He knew John had seen it, because he felt it in the way that John picked up his hand and caressed his fingers. In the way that John gently eased his belt free of his trousers and undid the clasp. And in the way John carefully, ever so carefully drew his trousers and pants down and off until he was standing there, just as naked as his heart. He stood there, watching, blinking as John divested himself of the remainder of his own clothing and came back to him with a light, a love, a warmth shining in his eyes.
"Really? You're going to sail her?" John laughs. "This was your plan along. Get me alone on an island and have your way with me, then sail away with me over the horizon. You didn't have to kidnap me to get this."
So what if they didn't exchange small town stories about Grass Lake, or big city stories about London? Instead they drank warm Cokes and ate Pringles out of the can. Sherlock called them "crisps." Weird.
He makes his way back up the stairs to her room while she’s distracted. He chuckles silently to himself remembering how he crept up on John, startling him. John asked Sherlock, “Who do you think you are, James Bond?” Sherlock was flustered. Who was this Bond? John laughed and explained. Only two days ago in their flat this happened. Now, a guard stands with his back to a door in a room he will never feel at home inside. He shakes off his untidy memories.
He pulls at the cord that binds his wrists. They're tied together in front of him, which is better than the pain he'd be in were they pulled behind his back. At least that's something. He's surprised to find his ankles aren't bound.
Thank you for coming and reading our latest chapter! We changed a few things up, developed dialogue more.
“Norbury? That’s what I’m supposed to say to you when ...” John stops pushing Rosie on the bucket swing.
John also had another problem with Sherlock: his choice of cologne. John felt that he must be allergic to something he wore. John had always had a hypersensitivity when he used certain shampoos and aftershaves, but this was the first time it had bothered him when someone else used them near him.
Sherlock leans back against the headboard of the bed with his pillow propped up behind him and sets the bowl of ice cream on his bedside table. "I could pretend you're my personal sex toy that I've decided to keep with me always. I'll bind your wrists to this bed with those cords. You'll be at my mercy."
It was horrid. I didn’t tell John the rest. How the alpha touched me, or how I thanked god they hadn't removed my clothes. I thought I at least had that amount of dignity left to me.
Sherlock dragged me in on top of him and cocooned us together inside his Belstaff. Our bodies were...how shall I say? Lined up.
He’s tempted to tell John about his mansion with the rooms and how going into them helps him find this information, but it sounds insane, and he doesn’t want John to think that of him. He would much rather John keep looking at him the way he is now.
"The Watson's family legacy runs along the same line as the Holmes', my boy," his voice echoes. "Both bloodlines are educated to the ways of the transformation of matter and the preservation of knowledge. Both families own small yet profitable alchemy pharmaceutical companies."
“The details. The who and what. Some truthful observations about some of his officers and the consequences that will follow if Lestrade does not act on my observations. And also a hint about what his role is in all of it.”
Last night, we went to our separate rooms, sad but with more than a hint of hope. I was greatly relieved John agreed to return permanently to Baker Street, but much was left unsaid. Last night, I put my heart aside since I felt John was still hesitant. This morning, I wonder if he is waiting for me to tell him.
“I put it a word with Dr. Michaels for you if you do me a favor: I really need Sherlock to continue on in the morgue with Molly. He’s been tremendous asset! The publicity alone has driven up donations.”
Special thanks to hotshoeagain for the steady and strong beta throughout this. You are right there on top of it, and keeping Rosie age appropriate and Brit picking my Americanisms. And a huge thanks to bluebellofbakerstreet for the ideas to help me bring this to life. I am grateful to you for inspiring this. Thank you so much for your winning bid for Fandom Trumps Hate. Finally to my past beta, recentlyfolded. Although you didn’t beta this, I kept hearing you whispering “show not tell” throughout. I think I followed it through with Sherlock’s voice!
"No, it's not. We were unable to ascertain what her real name is. Most of the back stories for her identities fall apart before they reach back to her childhood. We aren't sure where she came from, but Mycroft suspects she was originally American."
"Awfully loyal for knowing my brother for such a short time. May I ask when I should expect the announcement?"
He worried about John constantly. Sherlock’s only connection to the outside world to find out was a twenty-year-old black telephone with a frayed cord.
"It's not drivel." John's jaw was locked tight. This line of discussion wasn't relaxing him. The cards helped, though.
Winston’s spent too long on the street to draw attention to himself, so when he chuckles, it’s low and quiet.
After the foundry closed, his dad took a job with the county. For three years he plowed snow off the roads in winter and, in the summer, worked in maintenance, mowing the city's park lawns.
Sherlock was suddenly sorry he had never revealed the extent of Moriarty's obsession with him although he couldn't believe that Mycroft didn't know.
Afterwards, when James refused to remove the cuffs, Sherlock should have been afraid. Instead he was fascinated. Would he torture him? Would he try to kill him? The cuffs were tight, but it was easy enough to escape yet he did not. He watched warily and waited as Moriarty paced the room naked.
As John sets his crate down, Will sits on the edge of the bed and unfolds and refolds his clothes to put into drawers. He looks at John and knows what John would like to ask but is too polite to do so.
“I don’t care if people like me. It’s perfectly fine that they don’t like me. Not everyone has my good taste. We’ll make a deal, shall we? I’ll try to be nicer if you try to be smarter!”
At least he didn’t have to chop wood. Someone already had. He was certain it was Samuel, the old fisherman. He’d chopped away to tire himself out and put away his loss. The man had cut enough for two cabins for the winter and stacked it neatly between two hefty elm trees a few yards from the back door, and what was called an “out house.”
"That I do cannot know. But it is a fact that he had been stealing from the family and selling your family's legacy. He started with small items wouldn't be noticed missing. Then went on to other valuables, such as silver tea trays." Sherlock reached out and touched the tray that held our now-empty tea pot. "This is a cheap knock-off. Not what I'd expect of your family.
He vigorously rubbed his leather-gloved hands over my back. "Body heat," he explained. "That's the key. Keep each other warm. I told you I would share."
. If Sophy Kratides isn’t responsible, she knows who is. She wants Sherlock to work for her. Although she will never trust him, she needs his talent desperately enough to take a chance and let him into her circle. Once there I have the utmost confidence that Sherlock will learn all he needs to set our world straight again.”
"I do believe, that he will be in one someday. However, until that time, we must watch our back. That Mycroft has men watching."
"Not any longer than necessary." She slaps a sealed envelope into Sherlock's hand. "No other way to convey your brother's message in these primitive surroundings where one becomes one giant insect bite, ," she shivers.
“Oh God,” John cries, his body quivers as he struggles to stay upright on his knees. He feels like he's being pushed across the bed by Sherlock's cock.
“It’s nothing,” John adds. “Looks worse than it is. Just grazed my side. I’m more worried about you. It’s your head, isn’t it?”
Instead I am the one to deny as my hands fly up in dismissal. “I’m no superhero …” I also believe his attire has nothing to do with the note. He was dressed for his niece's costume party, but I keep that to myself.
While John gives Rosie a half-hearted push on the swing, I shove my hand deep into my coat pocket and fumble with my mobile. I’ve been waiting for Mycroft’s call. I need to know. This has nothing to do with controlling all the outcomes or being cavalier in solving who it was. It has nothing to do with knowing all the variables. It has everything to do with who.
Unless this letter isn't from Sherlock and it's some sort of ruse instead. The Woman is clever. She could easily find someone to forge a letter.
“I have no loyalty to him," Sherlock says. "From what I’ve learned, I never had any loyalty toward anyone. He may be my brother, but he is no one to me, just as this man on the floor is no one.”
She barks out a laugh. “You have such a deliciously dark sense of humor. I see why my brother loved you so. He was so intrigued with you. Obsessively. I do think that he even loved you or at least the challenge of you.”
John blinks and blushes. Will is quick. He caught the familiar usage of her first name. “Um, yes. Dated her for a short time. Very short. We just didn’t...jive. Nice enough woman.”
I’ve had a keen interest in false memory syndrome since college. If you’re a detective fan, you know how unreliable eyewitnesses truly are. I’ve always wondered to what extent our memories can be altered without us even knowing it. I’ve done some research on this topic long before this story. When I teach the Crucible, I touch on this idea of False Memory Syndrone with my students, and we discuss the characteristics of those  with the syndrome, such as, traumatic experiences and the younger the subject, the more suggestible. But a false memory could be as simple as believing you put your cellphone on the table when you didn’t.
