“Sire, what should we do? We wish to serve but how are we to accomplish that?”
Maxwell swallowed as a shiver of fear went down his spine, he studied the cool blue eyes glowing harshly at him. They were filled with the promise of early death if he even attempted to try it. It reminded him of six months ago when he remembered someone asking what Cass was and the Angel’s response was “I’M PISSED OFF!” He really didn’t want to piss off this man again, especially as he was being instantly reminded of the fact he was not a man but a true blue Angel. An Angel who appeared to be ready to fry him in a second, till his head whipped around and stared at his buddy.
He also noticed how Cass would smirk every once in a while as he rubbed his head against his dick. He couldn’t deny he was doing it on purpose, not when his wings kept changing to flirty colors of peach, perky lavender and cheeky greens.
‘Cass no don’t…’ Dean begged to no avail as his mate started to toy with him.
Amaralinde and Elvarion both exclaimed “Holy Mother of the Moon and Father of the Sun.”
Eyes widening as he took in the damage Cass had been hiding from him. Voice deeply pissed at realizing just how much his mate decided to silently suffer. “Shit, god damn it Cass why didn’t you tell me? You didn’t have to be suffering like this. How long has it been going on?” He demanded as he pulled old feathers out over and over again.
Eyes returning the smile. “Riiiiight I’m sure you never would.” There was so much hidden humor in his voice, matching the deep amusement he could feel radiating off his hunter. Then what he was thinking made him pause. Why did he keep thinking Sam was HIS hunter? Sam wasn’t his, even if the idea was pleasing to him. There was a lot to like about the man, and not just his looks, but his heart, his mind and his soul.
‘Then we will, and we’ll make it work with Gabriel. He’s your brother, annoying asshole he may be, but he is also my brother now. We’ll get our family back love and we’ll be better than ever.’
Castiel smiled as he thought of holding Dean till the end of time itself, it was a good feeling. ’And you won’t as long as we are together we can overcome anything.’ And he would do better to keep his mate safe, grow stronger somehow, faster, more powerful so that he never had to worry about him again.
Hands still raised, he looked over his shoulder. His eyes widened at the sight which was even now slowly walking towards him. Whispering in disbelief “Dean?”
Instincts were funny things, they could alert a person to many things. Love, hate, lost, found, strength, weakness. Instantly telling if a person was good or bad, if a person would be good to know or should be avoided. Sam’s instincts were all telling him to take a chance on what Gabe was offering him. That he wouldn’t be disappointed if he did, but would regret it if he didn’t. After all he liked Gabriel a hell of a lot, had been attracted to him for a while now. He understood what it was like to be a little brother in many ways, with overbearing older brothers who could be massive assholes.
“Okay.” Trent turned back to their men, calling out orders.
With a roll of his eyes Sam led her towards the room in question, opening the door so she could see the still form on the bed. She had hurried over, face concentrating as she did her first assessments. “Dean dear please bring my bag over here.” She directed while placing a hand on the Archangel’s forehead.
Smiling for the first time Puck nodded “Good see that it stays that way. They must not know till they consummate their union.” Puck for all he didn’t like the iron horses the humans used, loved other devices of theirs. Pulling out his latest toy, a brand new smart phone, he checked his social media, gossip channels and rumor sites. Pleased with what he was finding he finished with checking his schedule. Putting it away when he realized he was running late. “I’m leaving to supervise another intrigue dealing with the Second son and his Consort. The Consort and I are at odds and he requires delicate handling.”
Dean folded his own wings to his back, leaving them only open enough for Cass to stroke and hold them in whatever manner he needed. The tips were starting to settle into a solid burnt orange or possible dark yellow, which worried Dean, but for the moment he had to start a spell. Knowing his time was limited he set about instructing the other two. “Sammy take the bowl and place it on the table. I’ll sort the ingredients according to what the book says.”
Tearing his gaze away from the man who was carefully not making eye contact with him. He knew though on the inside Sam was up to something. The asshole. Instead he met the concerned, worried apple green eyes which lately had his insides fluttering oddly. “Dean I was fine. It wasn’t a big deal.” He tried to assure the elder brother, knowing how much good it would do, which meant none at all.
“Holy shit.” Charlie exclaimed, the feline in her arms also wide eyed.
He understood ultimately he wasn’t a very desirable person in his book. He drank too much, ate badly, cussed like a 50 year veteran sailor and had more scars both inside and out which would send anyone screaming. He didn’t hesitate to kill, going straight for the throat whenever possible, using nothing but determination and his own resources to get a job done. Lying, cheating, stealing, destroying the lives of innocent people, and saying it was for their own protection. So he could understand why Castiel had ultimately decided to not pursue him.
“Yeah right, you’ve been hanging around Sammy too long.” Dean took a swipe at Castiel, not really believing it would connect and wasn’t surprised when it didn’t. The fact Cass was pulling pranks was actually pleasing to him. His mate was far to serious most times so when he was feeling playful he wasn’t about to discourage him.
“Because you were mumbling in your sleep. No words but I could see your face scrunching up many times so you were dreaming something.” She smiled as she sipped at her own tea.
“Sweet Jesus Sam, how can you eat like that?” Horrified at the idea of not having pancakes drenched in sweet sugary syrup. He was both deeply offended and mourning how those two other cakes would never know the sweet satisfaction which was maple syrup.
“So it would seem.”
For now though he had one last task to see to, then he would return to his mountain den and sleep for a year or two. And maybe drink a lake’s worth of beer, because he really felt he needed one. Scanning the jungle trails he came across those he was searching for and beat his wings, causing such a down draft the trees bent to the ground.
“Good, I still don’t want them knowing what and who exactly they are and their importance. They will be told eventually, maybe, but I expect her to use sound judgement.” Puck understood that the Winchesters were trouble magnets. They invariable sought it out, and were rewarded with much more than they thought possible. But they were now his wards and Princes of the Realm, they would be protected. “Come I know where there is another door we can use. We don’t have much time and we need to find them. Already we are a day behind and won’t be able to open the next one till moonrise.”
Dean stopped what he was doing for a moment to look over his shoulder. Cass head thrown back as he slouched in a dinning chair with his legs spread wide, whimpered at the sudden loss of warm wetness around his cock. With a smirk of his lips he returned to sucking on his mate’s prick, the Angel sighing as he felt his velvet tongue working him once more.
Sam glared down at the grinning loon, seeing the devilish merriment glowing in his whiskey amber eyes. Pursing his lips, he reached for another book, opened it then placed it on Gabriel’s belly. “Fine just don’t move much. I have other things to do.” He then proceeded to start reading through his latest text.
Nodding as he resumed walking, collecting some edible nuts and even a few plants. “Yeah, I know he is. It’s why I want to get them together.”
Cass slowly regained consciousness the following morning, a heavenly smell assaulting his nose and making his mouth water. Blinking bleary eyes open, he instantly noticed Dean was no longer in his arms. Mind starting to move faster, worry filling him at his missing mate, he tried to sit up, only to groan as pain hit him.
Looking up at her voice he didn’t catch her words. “What?”
“Okay then how did I get out here.” Dean would have stood but he was feeling shaky, as if he hadn’t eaten in a long time.
Cass then did light up, his whole being glowing with pride and joy at having something he never even dreamed would have been possible for one like himself. A broken Angel fated to walk the earth as a soldier, battle at the side of others, but none at his side. Now he would have someone fighting at his side for the rest of his days. He couldn’t wait to get Dean inside him, to feel him moving within him, claiming him. He needed to be claimed, so that he could claim Dean afterward, like he said different but equal.
“I concur, hopefully we shall find information we can use in these books.”
‘You started it now what would you like to eat?’ Cass grinned, dropping his glare, as Dean raised an eyebrow at the change of conversation. “What would you recommend Dean?”
Looking up Sam frowned, “Damn it Gabe, you're mostly human now, it would be nice if you remembered these things.” Still the hunter stood and went to the kitchen to get the first aid kit. Coming back out a few minutes later with a large teddy bear bandage. Dean had bought them as a joke for when Sam did stupid things, revenge for the my little pony ones Sam had bought last time. “Here hold out your finger.”
“His Grace my Lord, they were draining as much of his power as they could as quick as they could. I could see the Holy Light as it fought the spells forcing it away from its master. It was burning the weaker demons, but the higher level ones were lashing it with their own containment spells. The shrieks and cries from him as his very essence was being stolen from him still reverberates in my ears. They were then taking his power and using it to fight us who were there to rescue him.”
Racking his brain for the needed lore, “We can look for her lower body. If we can destroy it before it reattaches we can kill it that way.”
The Factor was alarmed at the thought of losing the Consort, their honor was at stake for the man belonged to their Prince though neither knew it yet. If they failed in their duty to protect the Consort, heads would have to roll. “This isn’t good, we are going to need to send another regiment or maybe all three of the others to retrieve him.”
Now no one has ever said Gabriel was stupid. Tricky, perverted, sugar addict sure, but never stupid. Sam had turned on the tv to the most boring man on the planet for a reason. What would be his reason for subjecting him to this stupid annoying mindless drivel? Why would he put the largest, heaviest and most lame book ever written next to him? Looking at the mirror, listening to his foot steps, looking at the mirror, listening to his… listening… mirror?
“Yeah that’s me. What do you want?” He scowled at the man who stood equal to his own height.
“GO!” Cass was tired of the younger son, even if he was showing concern. He needed some time alone with Dean.
The cop car pulled over behind him, the doors opening as the two officers stepped out. Instantly he recognized them as the ones from the dinner which gave him a pretty good idea as to why they had pulled him over. He grinned because they would be sorely disappointed in what they were trying to find.
Those actions would not be tolerated and the traitor would pay for it with his own blood.
It wasn’t.
Castiel was very closed mouthed about his own history, unless Dean asked him about it. It led him to think for much of his life Cass hadn’t actually been happy. He had toed the line, was an obedient solider since he had been created. But only when he finally met Dean, and slowly came to be part of their family, did he start living. He still didn’t like to talk about most things, mostly cause he said they were in the past and not of interest to him. He was willing to share when they needed to know something for a case, otherwise he was more interested in what the future held for him and his new family.
Cass pulled the book closer to him, only to frown as he found the text nearly undecipherable to read. “Dean how are you reading this? I see nothing but gibberish.”
“I will Great Grandfather!” She spread her wings and launched herself into the air, the other volunteers following her as she aligned herself with their Matriarch. Once all were flying in unison the elder one led the lessers to their new lives.
The filthy words pushed him over the edge and he cried out his own pleasure as he came hard down his mate’s throat. Cass hadn’t known much dirty talk when they were first mated. But after six months of Deans teachings he was much better at it. He shuddered as he felt not only Cass swallowing around him but then the fission of his Grace going up his being. It prolonged his climax and milked him of every drop as had been Cass’s intention all along.
Cass frowned at the word, before realizing what Sam really meant. “What is that long rigid shaft in the middle for?”
‘Yes I do because he is your family and you need him.’
A tall Illyrian Warrior walked up to him, bowing low to the Royal factor. Robin looked down his nose at the male, “Who are you, what has happened here?”
Waving their help away weakly, the elder leaned back up against the tree. “I’m alright guys, just give me a second. I’ll get up in a minute.” Closing his eyes, he didn’t feel it as he was pulled under by an Angelic touch.
“News? What news could you be bringing me about them. Are they not still safely ensconced in their bunker home?” Instantly Robin Good-fellow was annoyed at the interruption. He was in the middle of meetings, trying to hunt down the traitor or traitors who were threatening the realm. He honestly had hoped the boys would actually stay in their bunker for a few more weeks so that he could concentrate on matters at home. Evidently that was happening any more.
“Tula? Ah yes I know what he is speaking of. There is nothing there now that I know of, but I think there is a new town close by.” Course it had been about 2000 years since he was last in the area.
“Cass said you wanted me?” Sam asked as he came through the door.
At least when Dean cried out in pain from his broken heart, everyone else thought it was because Cass was trying to heal him. Not that it mattered, Dean would never heal from knowing he had such an unredeemable soul.
‘I’ll always want you Dean, you’re mine and I’m yours. Together forever mate.’
And because of that Gabriel was even more attractive to him. To have the smaller man have such a profound influence, on the one creature created who could make his perpetually unhappy and discontent brother, finally happy. And after all the shit Dean had endured for his sake, to allow Sam to have as much of a normal CHILDhood as he could. Sacrificing his own youth to give him everything he could, to finally find joy and contentment in the form of a broken Angel, who loved Dean more than life or death itself. If Gabriel’s suspected influence could do that from centuries past, what could he do to make his brother, his brother in law and in the end, himself happy as well?
Sam knowing there was no way they were being heard or seen, swallowed as he realized the ghosts they were after were seriously pissed. And they would be even more so when they recovered from whatever it was Gabe had done to them. Standing he pulled Gabriel off to the side, tucking him behind a corner, before standing to try and help the others.
As he poured the last ingredient, he recited the words of the spell, watching as the sickly yellow and putrid red smoked rose from the opened brain cavity of the wretched human. He had ripped her skull off her neck, needing her head for his use and left the rest of the corpse to be dealt with by the humans, who may or may not come looking for her. Now the smoke was forming the image of his target, the younger Winchester. Reciting the last of the spell he watched as the contents in the slut’s head crackled and boiled, releasing a foul odor he ignored. Power thrummed against his skin as the spell sought out the target and slammed against the bond keeping him from the Grace he had rightfully stolen.
Putting his work down, he brushed off his pants, wiping his hands together as he answered. “Sure I showed it to the police but they said it was a bear from what they could see. It's blurry and only lasts for a few seconds before it gets destroyed. I had it sending the video remotely and was lucky to get what I did. Like I said, I wasn’t about to go into the woods and I sure as shit wasn’t going to try and get my rig back.” The heavy set man stood easily from his chair heading to his computer in the corner. Pressing a few buttons he brought up the footage. “Here you go, this is all I managed to get.”
Yes, Dean could technically fit in the MG, as long as he didn’t mind having his entire body smooshed up to the steering wheel. As long as he didn’t mind his wings interfering with the stick shift as he tried to work it. As long as he didn’t mind he would be in the cramped, unworkable position for hours at a time.
Dressed in a comfortable green Henley, his favorite blue jeans, the ones Cass had picked out when a job ended up being nastier than anticipated and he needed a new pair, his heavy work boots and his well worn leather jacket he led the way towards the kitchen. Castiel had started to branch out in his own choice of clothing, thanks to Dean’s help after they mated. He was dressed in a deep sky blue button down, slacks in a darker shade of the same color, no tie and his overcoat hanging off his arm. It wasn’t much but it was a start and Dean could work with it, whatever made his Angel happy. Heading toward the fridge Dean opened it to decide what he was going to cook them all for breakfast. Cass headed towards the one appliance he had learned to use with precision, though this time it was already filled with what Dean considered nectar of the gods. Pouring two cups, he carried one to his lover, giving him the needed boost to start his day.
Gabe flopped down in his chair with a huff. “But Sam, I’ve done those things, I’m tired of doing both those things.” There was something else he would like to do, but he hadn’t managed to achieve the level of closeness he needed with Sam to do so, yet.
“Dean none of the other cars are either tall enough to fit your wings, discreet enough, or fast enough to get us there in a decent time frame.” Sam carefully kept all the amusement off his face. Course that didn’t stop Dean’s wings from changing to a light peach fuzz color.
“Then you’ll have it Castiel, my Angel, my true worth.” Maneuvering his hands around to his back, he slipped them down his pants, pushing them down, moving to his knees to help Cass step out of them. It left Dean staring at the last item he was wearing, causing him to smirk and raise an eyebrow at his partner. “Really Cass? You stole my underwear? I’ve been wondering what happened to them for the last year.”
‘The worst part was when you thought you could run.’ Cass then surged upward, grabbing his hunter and launching them both into the sky, midnight black wings with lust colored edges streaking across the robin egg blue sky. “And that I wouldn’t retaliate.” He shouted as he used powerful strokes of his wings to slice through the air till he reached his target. Diving down he dropped Dean in the pit that he had been a guest of a half hour before.
Eyes clearing of confusion, he shook his head in the negative. “No, I’ve never had anyone I was interested in carrying for pleasure, or ever been interested in carrying someone, not for the fun of it.” Which was true, he liked his brothers and sisters well enough at the times, but none had inspired him to want to go storm soaring with them. To think about carrying them through the stars as they Wing Danced, was even further from his mind.
Leaning down he picked up a rock, then edge closer to the form. It was covered in filth and grime, sores, lesions and way to much dried blood. Its back was to him, so when he was within arm reach he slowly extended his hand, gripping what he thought was the creature’s shoulder. Pulling him over Sam stared stunned as who he had found.
“And Sam?”
Sam showing none of the annoyance or exasperation he was feeling at Gabe being well Gabe. Set the tray down on the side table, not missing how there was always just enough room for him to sit on the side of the bed. Sitting down he ran his hand over Gabriel’s forehead, pushing the red locks out of his way to check his temperature, finding it normal he settled down to feeding the man. Getting his arm underneath Gabriel’s shoulders, he lifted him to lay on his shoulder once again. Picking up the spoon he started feeding the Archangel, who opened his mouth easily for each bite. The younger Winchester was trying to determine the best way to proceed, now that he knew Gabriel was just acting. For while he was highly annoyed that Gabe was much better off than he was showing himself to be. He also kinda was liking how the man was pretending to need him. He liked how he pressed up against his shoulder, nuzzling his chest when he wanted another bite, or making meeping little noises when he wanted something to drink. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to give up the closeness yet.
“You’re shitting me right?” Dean demanded in disbelief as he listened to Garth on the other end.
“Iron, the contractors are not pleased they keep finding it all over the joint.” He remembered the conversation with them and the bank owners. There was so much hidden and tucked within the walls itself it wasn’t economically feasible to do a complete remodel of the bank. So the basement which was showing signs of water damage needed to be fixed but the rest would be left as it was in McGilloway’s time. And he was fine with that, the bank deserved to be persevered the way it is, instead of brought up to date. There was something to be said for the old style and how unique it made this building.
“No, Dean you need to stretch them up all the way, its not that hard, just lift your shoulders…” Cass admonished for the zillionth time. Glaring at the younger man, as he once again failed to grasp the concept he had been trying to explain to him, all afternoon.
Her partner just as alarmed hurried to call reinforcements, giving a powerful whistle only dogs, cats and fae could hear. A young scout popped out of the wood of the city tree as if by magic, which of course it was. Giving a salute he waited for the reason why he was summoned.
So south he went, covering what felt like miles with each step he took, interrupted only by those he wanted to avoid. Ducking behind rocks, cracks, boulders, and once a stunted tree which had grown far from the home of its brothers. As he walked the pull grew stronger, more desperate, needier as if whatever was on the other end didn’t have much time. Sam wanted to move faster but the pathway wouldn’t let him, always he had to walk and observe everything around him. Seeing the monsters who called this place home, wishing to never see the beings as they tortured and maimed each other for sport and pleasure. Twice more the flocks flew over his head and those he took pains to avoid. He had a feeling they would notice him if he was out where he could be seen. And if he was spotted by them, he was doubly sure he would have a harder time waking up, if he even could.
They landed at the base of one of the tallest mountains in the area, its peak shrouded in the clouds which were threatening rain or possibly even snow. The space they found themselves was covered in broken fragments of the cliff itself as avalanches came and went over time. There was a shallow yet wide creek that ran in front of them filled with smooth river stone. Trees lined its banks along with bushes, weeds and fall flowers. Animals tracks were lined in the mud near the creek but none were sensed in the area. The big predators had hightailed it out once the trolls had moved in, while the birds and smaller creatures hid as best they could.
For now he would give Castiel a taste of something he lost so long ago.
“More fairy magic. If done and not guarded against, they can launch a spell, a minute sized spell which will grow in time, affecting the emotions of whoever gets hit with it.”
“Oh umm nothing?” Gabe tried to look innocent and failed completely.
Growing bolder she spoke up again “Oye, ¿qué está pasando? ¿Quién eres?” (Hey what is going on? Who are you?)
Cass wanted to protest, but didn’t, he knew Dean would want the same thing. “Understood, now where are we going.”
Robin Good-Fellow stepped through the portal, looking back at the green eyes of the large cat. It sneezed wetly in his face, then turned tail and trotted off, its missions complete. Now he was off to get his reward, a nice long nap and if that pretty female was around, possibly get laid. Puck far from pleased at getting sneezed on, decided to let it go, he had other matters to attend to. Namely reaching the gate before the Prince or his Consort were killed trying to close it.
Standing naked from the bed, a luxury he enjoyed now that he no longer shared a room with Dean, he scratched his right ass cheek while making his way towards the bathroom. Taking a much needed leak, he started the shower up knowing there would be hot water in plenty. Stepping in he let the water wash over him, waking him slow and easy rather then rushed and nagged at. Peaking his head out the shower curtain he made sure no one was around, it would be like Dean to sneak in to be an asshole, but he was safe. Reaching into his travel bag he pulled out his favorite shampoo, winter forest fresh with hints of rain.  It was dangerous to use any time around Dean, but with them about to go into the forest he was hoping to get away with the scent this time around. Lathering up his hair he let it set while he used the plain Irish spring to wash himself down. Once his body was done he went back to his hair and finished up, making sure it was free of suds.
His own steel shining as brightly as his Angel blade, ’Don’t you Cass me, we all go together mate, if you run off without me I’ll make you regret it.’
Castiel watched as with more tears pouring from his eyes, Dean reached up towards the lid. Pulling it down, the edges met and the glow went from enraged maddened red, to sorrowful, soulful green. The casket was signed and sealed never to be opened again.
Grinning the Angel ran his hands down each lower arm of his love’s wings, stroking all the feather. Dean screamed in pleasure as power was poured into him. The feeling of thousands of nails gently raking your skin. It was tingling, comforting, pleasure, assurance and power all at once. The Angel watching as Dean gyrated below him, worked his fingers slowly over the vibrantly crimson and violet feathers. This would be the last time he would ever be able to touch them and he wanted to remember them for the centuries to come.
Hearing a shuffling he canted his head to the side just enough so he could see the hunter in question out of the corner of his eye. Dean’s back was to him as had been for the last couple hours, giving him an unobstructed view of his chestnut colored wings. There was another puzzle to think about, for his wings had mostly stopped responding to anyone else’s emotions. Only changing when something changed with Cass, fluctuating between gray, yellow, muted, very muted reds and one time a slight shade of light peach as Dean said something to Sam the Angel had found funny. He didn’t know what to make of it, other than the bond he was duty bound and heart sore to deny was growing stronger. If that was the case what could be causing it?
“I’m sorry?” Robin asked startled and starting to become annoyed at the tone the Jungle God was using.
SPNSPNSPN
The winds blowing grew in strength as his resolved solidified, white lighting flashing in the cloudless sky, ready to make final contact with those who he deemed a threat. Lifting his arms up once more, about to bring down the smiting of a life time his attention was diverted by a single softly spoken word.
“A JOKE? You thought it was funny? No not thought, you did think it was funny, you were laughing at me!” His voice was moving farther away, causing Dean to relax minutely.
Amused Sunrise Orange before changing back to the softer pastels.
‘Dean you speak Spanish?’ Cass asked surprised, for he had no clue his mate knew the language.
It took about 10 minutes before the first course was brought out. By a much older lady, blond hair tied up in a pony tail, blue apron over her jeans and diner logo t-shirt. She put the drinks and platter down before saying the rest of their food would be out in probably another 10 minutes. Also to call out for her if they needed anything, Erik had a family emergency and needed to leave all of a sudden.
“Great just what I need.” Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath knowing what he was going to choose. “Lets go with option number two. If some world ending event comes up, we don’t have time to figure out how I’ll get there or be of use with them. They’re more of a hassle than a help.”
The reason why became clear as the sun slide over the mountains, its light hitting the portal they had just walked out of. The magic which had been glowing a silver blue, keeping the door way opened, started to close. As more sunlight hit the portal the doorway continued to solidify. Once the sun finished rising over the mountains the doorway was solid stone once more. And the reason why the cat had hurried became clear. If they hadn’t, they would have been trapped in the tunnel for an entire day. Which would not have done Dean any favors.
“Okay, that’s weird.” Sam stated as he quickly started helping Dean sort out the components he needed for the spell. “Not that we haven’t done weird spells before, but it’s going to be messy.”
Next thing he knew he was flying through the air and crashing through the glass window of another office. Broken pieces cut into his skin, slicing his jacket, his clothes,  causing him to bleed and distracting him with the minor pains. Well, not so minor in one instance, where a large piece buried itself deep in his forearm as he landed. Grunting at the impact, dropping his shotgun as he tried to stem the bleeding, he cast his gaze around him. Looking for whoever had thrown him, and seeing nothing.
He was directed to go back to his dressing room, but to not change, his date would be there to collect him once he was done paying.
“Dean I don’t understand, why must I wear this?” Cass asked once again.
Grabbing his gun, he made sure it was loaded before tucking it into his back holster. Scanning the room, sneezing at least two more times, which helped not all, he went to the door to find out what the hell happened last night.
Sam actually slipped in one and went to his knees, ripping his jeans, and hissing as his skin came in contact with the burning residue. “What the hell is in this place? Why does it burn?” Picking himself up, he growled as he realized he had dropped his flashlight. At least it hadn’t shut off when he did so, instead rolling around till it shined directly on a mound of flesh and rags. “Christ I hate trolls.” He growled as he went to pick up his light, only to freeze when he saw the mound move.
“Here Cass? It’s just solid rock?” Sam pressed his hand against the surface, feeling the grooves and cracks, along with dirt weeds and everything else found on the side of mountains.
He paced in the room anxiety reaching levels he didn’t know they could.
‘Shut up and get back here, we will discuss this when we get home. I have Sam loading the car now. MOVE IT!’
“I don’t think we are going to be able to fly Dean. I am feeling some force which is waiting for flyers.” The Angel watched as his mate’s wings lowered quickly at his news.
For the spikes were meant and accomplishing the task of cutting off access to his Grace. His shoulders crushed, spine dislocated from his neck, shattered hips, knees popping in directions they never should. There was nothing he could do, no way to even try and free himself, for his mind was overwhelmed with agony and rage. The creatures who had captured him, were none to gentle with him. Bashing him with clubs and maces to spill more blood, weakening him further.
“Yes my Lord.”
Cass could see how Dean tried to dive towards the Manananggal, striking her with an Angel blade, seeing how the black slime coated her wound. Watched how Dean even with pain coursing through his system, managed to shoot her in the eye. None of these events killed her though, just made her furious. The Angel knew his mate was wounded, grievously wounded but nothing he couldn’t heal once he got his hands on him. He could see Dean dropping after he shot the bitch, plummeting to the ground and certain death if he wasn’t caught. He was racing towards the center before he even knew he was moving.
The woman though still continued to fall, reaching terminal velocity quickly, and it would be terminal for her and her unborn child.
Dean could see Gabriel was already loaded in the back of the car, so with a final attempt to soothe his mate, which failed utterly, he climbed into the passenger seat shutting the door. Cass seeing both men ready, his brother still passed out in the back and unmoving, pressed his hand to the roof of the car. Focusing his power to make sure he took everything they needed, he flew them back home with a few flaps of his all powerful wings.
“Yes, we know but the First Son took out an entire Unseemlie court of the most evil of Fae. They came to help their own kind yes, but it did not negate the service they did to us. They took out an entire faction who were preparing for war, gathering power through blood magic and blood price. Something we Seelie abhor as you know. But not only did they defeat the evil ones, they prevented them from sacrificing our daughter for the final price. For their reward the First Son would have been given her hand in marriage, but…” She looked down at him with gentle affection as he continued.
The Captain returned his attention to his superior, listening to his very good advice.
Hurrying to obey, Dean pulled his barely breathing love into his arms, his glowing wings  seemingly dull, in the shadow of the shimmering light cast by the god. The large beast cocked his head at the Angel, then breathed through its rainbow hued nostrils. The infernal bondings broke screaming, as if 10,000 souls were being tortured at once.
“I’m seeing how fast his heart is racing. Okay its good.” He moved so he could kneel behind his brother. “Help me with him Cass, we need to see how badly he is hurt.” Together they managed to sit him up. Sam was going to prop him against the tree truck, instead Cass kept going and leaned him against his own chest. “Cass?” Sam asked both puzzled and worried.
“Not sure… wait.” Sam looked over at Cass who was staring at the animal just as intensely as Dean. “Cass you can talk to cats can’t you?”
They had been granted their wish, but also stopped and offered another reward if they wished it. They had been offered the most sought after and worked for honor warriors such as they could receive. They had been offered the chance to join the ranks of the Elven High Guard. Those tasked with Guarding the Royals themselves who were exalted in their own right, for they did not hesitate to give their lives to protect their charges. They devoted themselves to defense and protection of the Royals themselves and none denied their right to pass judgement on those who would harm them.
Then he was on her and she screamed in agony as his shaft breeched her. For the rest of the night and following days her brother used her over and over, making sure she was well and truly planted with his seed. And she was so overjoyed to be used.
Snapping broken and cracked beaks, the diseased and decaying soulless ones stretched their broken wings. Giving powerful sweeps as they launched into the air to report what they had seen. It was all they could do for the moment. At least till the two arrived at the place where they would be trapped and used as bait for the ones they really wanted. So minus a few minor problems everything was going according to plan.
Another man entered the office, short, sleek and one of the most accomplished martial arts experts in his department. The little Vietnamese was a good officer, held multiple phd’s and yet only cared about helping others and upholding the law. He was thrilled to have him in his dept.
Squeezing his arm before letting go. “Sure Sam, we can do that. But I’m here for you, anytime you want to talk.” His eyes glimmered with what little Grace he could call up. Reminding Sam of just how powerful Gabriel was still, even with the loss of his Grace.
Holding up his hand to stop the cop. “Woah let me stop you right there. You did see all that destruction my friend just did right?” He waited for the officer to nod. “Okay so let me give you some very good advice. Forget all about us, forget you saw us, forget we were here. It won’t do you any good to try and arrest me or my brother right now. Our friend, he’s an Angel, like a real life Angel of the Lord, with full smiting powers. He is not feeling good and it would be best to not piss him off. Okay?”
‘There is nothing else, Gabriel needs us, needs you to save him, I need you to save him for me. Now start before I lose it again.’ He slowly let go of Dean only to have him reach out and grab his hand. ‘Dean?’
Finally understanding what he meant Cass shook his head. “I don’t think I can Dean, that was under extreme stress. I don’t even remember doing it.” Which was true, he had no clue how he had created something out of nothing. He remembered what he had wanted Dean to do to him, and how his mate had wisely not. But creating the house, the pillows, no he didn’t remember doing anything of the sort. Maybe he could talk to Gabriel about it later if he ever recovered?
“I love your wings Dean, I’m going to miss them.” He would, but he didn’t mind, he was gaining a mate, which was more important.
Castiel was similar to his brother, a constant in his life that over time he came to realize he needed. He was also one of the few creatures on the face of the earth who he could be honest with. Honest with how he felt when he drew up the nerve to tell him. Cass didn’t judge him, accepted him for who he was. Cass accepted him for who he was, accepted him as an imperfect being, a man who cared deeply, who loved silently. A man who while loved in return, due to what he thought was the ultimate nature of his soul was fated to live a life of solitude. A life which someday would be ended by one of the monsters he hunted.
Accepting the cup he took a sip, savoring the way it helped sooth his parched throat. “Did you try praying to Cass?” Not that he thought he would answer. The Angel could be pretty picky about who he answered to, Dean always, Sam sometimes, and others could go blow it out his ass, were the levels he operated under.
The shorter elf felt his blood run cold and shivers go down his spine, just the idea of an Archangel’s power being used by anyone other than the one who it belonged to. No being could control such power if they were not born to it. For beings to attempt and were actually succeeding in doing so, meant they were dealing with beings with unknown magical limits.
Gabriel starts his road to recovery, best way to do that? Annoy the ever living shit out of Sam.
He looked deep into his Hunter’s evergreen eyes. Yeah he was willing to admit it to himself, Sam was his Hunter and that was enough for him. There was a connection between the two, which made him feel safe and cared for, a feeling he did not want to lose. It could be that Sam was even his mate, which would be a shock to him. Most Angel’s didn’t have or more importantly need them. Only a few special ones had them, and even then the Angel themselves didn’t know they had the mating gene. Not till they actually found the one who was supposed to be their mate.
Guess Sonic booms in avalanche zones do not make good combinations.
“I would say at least another 8 to 10 hours if we drive straight through, this place isn’t found on any satellite maps, only paper and even then its hard to find.”
“We’ll take care of it.” Not giving his brother any more time to argue, he angled his wings to the position his instincts were informing him was for flight. Three more beats and he was cruising at a height which gave them both a fantastic view of the mountains. Settling into an easy flight pattern Dean contemplated what he wanted to say to the silent Angel. The sun was setting but Dean was damned if he would cut short this gift he wanted to give to his love.
“I don’t know Dean, god damn it, dude just quit bitching already. You don’t see Cass bitching about his wings do you?” Sam snapped finally. He reached up to pull a few books off a shelf, hoping they would have the information they now needed.
“Son of a bitch, why can I read it but you two can’t?”
Reaching out he grasped him by the shoulder. “Dean you alright?” He started to scan his system, checking everything since his mate was so worked up.
Course with Gabriel it might mean four if he decided to stick around. Something he would be very much in favor of if he was being honest with himself. Over the last few days, pretty much since he woke up and found himself in Gabe’s bed, he wanted to be closer to the Archangel. Learn more about him, because he was fascinating as not only an Angel but as a person. He knew so much history, had traveled the cosmos and seen the stars being born. He wanted to hear about all of it. He wanted to hear about the things which were history in books for him, but was real life experiences for Gabriel.
Over the next few days Sam was much more careful in what he allowed Gabriel to do. Typically he brought him his breakfast in bed, they would sit and eat, watching the TV then Gabe would nap. When he woke that is when he would be allowed out of bed to take a shower or read for a little while. They were slowly building up his endurance so he could last longer out of his room. One of his favorite places turned out to be the library because Sam was spending massive amounts of time in it. He just felt better when he was in his hunter’s presence.
The Archangel blinked at the confession, before his eyes softened and his smile grew. “Yeah I’m that too.”
Dean smirked before letting it fall from his face. “Yeah we should, its one thing to make noise and he still walks in on us. It’s another when he was worried and he was definitely worried since he didn’t hear us.”
Drop me a comment if anyone is actually reading this and enjoying it.
Cass with a final growl at his way to mischievous mate, never mind the fact he started it all, gripped his hips and began to plunder that luscious ass. Pulling back he thrust in hard, smirking himself when Dean gasped at how deep he found himself being taken. Pulling almost all the way out he slammed himself to the hilt once more, repeating the motion over and over. His own balls knocking against his mate’s, adding to the pleasure, the connection both where feeling. He could see his cock as it split his hunter’s ass in two, opening him wide and it was a sight he never grew tired of. To see himself entering his partner, the love of his life, to know Dean trusted him to do this to him, to bring him such pleasure.
Head shooting up he looked at her with flickering evergreen eyes. “Three days? Holy shit, how come you didn’t wake me up?”
Standing he turned to the officer while Dean rolled his eyes and pulled out enough cash to pay the bill.
“They will be gently steered clear of the affected area till such time as the forest is restored. His highness’s Consort did a terrific job at atomizing the forest down to bedrock where they ended up fighting the trolls and topsoil everywhere else. The forest restorers will need time to regrow so much land in a safe and healthy manner in regard to the plant life.”
Cass left his mind, leaving behind a final feeling of contentment at having Dean in his life. Checking out the other books in the area he found three more that contained spells that looked interesting and they had never seen in the bunker. He would have to come back to this place and bring Sammy, he would have a field day. Shit if Rowena found out about it she would steal everything in here. Still he would deal with that for another day, he had to get back and help figure out what was going on with Gabe. Taking his prizes up to the front counter he placed them in front of the old man’s paper.
Dean groaned as Sam cackled merrily switching the radio to a station playing nothing but re-imagined 80’s songs all in a millennium generation friendly theme.
“Yeah I could tell, no doubt it was my rugged good looks of course. I get that a lot, women especially see these lush locks and my slow burn eyes and turn to mush. Men too from time to time, when they actually had the habit of bathing and brushing their teeth.” He grinned as he felt a rush of heat course through him. “Probably also liked all the power to be found in a package such as this.” Then he gripped his crotch and leered at Sam.
“I’m sorry Dean, I’ve tried but something is preventing me from creating any light. Any time I try it instantly goes out and I feel tired.”
“Dean does it have an actual solution we can try? Because so far neither is an option.” She asked.
“That buddy is your prostate and it's something you and I will be fighting to play with for a long time.” Giving a sharp thrust up, holding Cass by his hips. “Want me to fuck you now? Or still want to take it slow?” He would if Cass wasn’t ready, but his cock was about to explode and he needed to push up into that tight heat, repeatedly, now.
Castiel continued to hold his hunter, taking so much comfort in having him in his arms when he thought he had killed him. His Grace rising without his direction, wrapping itself around the pair responded to his emotions. His light grew brighter as the Angel closed his eyes to absorb the fact his love was alive. Where his grief and agony had caused so much devastation, his absolute Joy in receiving another chance to show just how much he loved his mate, had the opposite effect.
Looking at him as if he had grown horns out of his nose. “Dude I do hold down a job, I have an apartment, I do need to buy groceries like everyone else. Kinda hard to hide in humanity if I didn’t act like a human. Which means I need money, which means I need a job.” He rolled his eyes as he slid deeper into the seat. “Besides I like working, it’s fun to see how real humans behave around each other.”
SPNSPNSPN
Great so they were not only looking for Dean, who more than likely was on his last legs from walking all night.  They were also looking for a highly possessive and protective Angel who would be worried sick about his other half. If they traveled from moonrise to sunrise that would have been hours spent in total darkness, with no breaks. The portals only could be opened at night under their Goddess’s divine light. It was supposed to be another safeguard to keep people from accidentally opening the damn things. An elf trapped within a tunnel would be annoyed as hell, but it wouldn’t be that big a deal most times. Also they would have access to the lights, since the illumination was keyed towards fae energy. Dean and Castiel must have been walking all night in the pitch dark, a safeguard to keep someone lost who didn’t belong in the tunnels and stumbled across one. There would be little sound as he had made sure echos would be absorbed by the walls. All in all the night had probably not been good for the pair of them. So they would be even more upset, pissed off, annoyed or all three at once, when they finally left the tunnels.
Leaning back enjoying the hug, still he was indignant at the implication he started it. “ME? You were the one who was saying how much you would love to bend me over a tree branch and fuck me while we watched the sun rise. Then suck me dry while watching the sun set.”
Shooting to his feet, he followed his hunter excitedly as he was led towards the garage. Finally they were going to do something interesting. He couldn’t wait to see what the outside looked liked and maybe could then persuade Sam to take him to a grocery store. He was completely out of candy and Sam had totally refused to buy him any. All he needed was money…
“Sammy?” His throat was hoarse from disuse, jaw sore from being pressed deep into his stiff elbow. His back was screaming at him now that it was also awake and being forced to move.
“Good for we did do many things which others might think edge towards less honorable means…”
Turning his fall into a roll, he grunted as his body came in contact with all the debris along the stone path, cutting his arms, his cheek and his hand. Coming out of his roll, he reached for a weapon he didn’t have, cursing when he realized he was unarmed. He knew if Dean ever found out he would give him hell over it. Dean was never without a weapon, not even in his dreams was he weaponless, for he had been messed with to much by Angels, Demons and other manner of monsters. Growling at his nightmare really, he faced what he had tripped over. It was humanoid in form, he could see that and not much else.
If Dean had been around watching the way Sam and Gabriel were behaving, he would have a hard time breathing from how much laughing he would do. It had taken all of a day for Sam to have figured out, that Gabriel had figured out, that Sam had figured out Gabe had recovered more than he had been letting on. Dean if he could see would be chuckling, grinning, laughing and needling the both of them as their pig headed stubbornness rose to the occasion. Even Castiel would join in on the teasing in his own subtle way. Off hand comments which seemed innocent but was loaded with innuendo.
“Think you can do it?” Mr. Welles asked looking between the two and trying to decide if they were as tough as they were making out to be. When he met the Angel’s eyes, seeing the glimmer of strength, while his partner’s matching green showed the same he had a feeling they would prevail.
Picking up his fork, he glanced at Sam who was smiling with encouragement and fondness. He also could feel true warmth and happiness coming from his hunter, he was looking forward to seeing how Gabe responded to the treat. “This looks really good Sammy.”
Picking up the heavy iron box, he closed his eyes as he prepared to do what his hunter had asked of him. With a flap of his wings, he found himself hovering over the Pacific Ocean. With a sob he placed Dean on the surface of the water, watching as the casket rocked back and forth for a moment before sinking into the water. He watched as it continued to fall, sinking miles into the watery earth, until it was gone from even his impressive sight.
“So Royal factor tell me the news to be found surrounding the First Son and his chosen Consort?” The Queen asked, running fingers through her floor length silver hair. Her bright emerald eyes boring into his Celtic gold ones. Her six foot frame gowned in a dress of pure moonlight gossamer fabric.
Sam focused on the farm report for a few moments, letting the boring man’s voice permeate in the bedroom. When he felt Gabriel shudder subtly against him, he suppressed the smirk which wanted to break across his face. “Ahh this is better, a little background noise, gentle on the ears, give you something to focus on while you eat.”
Dean listened as Sam started settling down, turning towards his own mate with a serious looking on his face. “Cass, can you ward the room for sound?”
She smiled up at him, fondness in her eyes. Reaching up to pat his cheek “You’re welcome you silly boy. Call me if something new crops up and you need help, otherwise I will see you later.” Turning she opened the door, recited a spell to help her lift her luggage, watched as Sam snatched one out of the air and empty it of the two books she still tried to sneak out, rolled her eyes and returned to her own life.
Castiel’s mind wasn’t fully working but he could process eat and bed. His natural tendency to follow Dean exerted itself and he slid from the car. Almost falling when his legs refused to take his weight, his own body cramping from being forced into one position for so long. “Ow, what…?” It had been along time since he couldn’t support his own frame. Last time he could remember was when they had to go back in time to save Sam and Dean’s parents. He sighed as like when he returned after that fiasco, Dean was there to catch him too.
“Cass?”
Cass, eyes still glowing gently as his power finished healing his hunter, smiled his normal gummy smile. “You’re welcome Dean.” He stood nearby in case Dean still needed him, but he was whole once more.
“Heard there was a good bar around here. Great food and good beer, wanted to check the place out.” He kept his eyes peeled for the place he wanted to stop at, hoping it was still open.
“There was very little time, the scout as I stated sent out the alarm and Lady Celithralith ordered the entire regiment out. We raced to the portal, gathering what arms and armor we had, diving through the opening, watching as his very being was fading away. But there was nothing we could do, nor would he allow any one else to help. He promised he would hold the opening till the last Fae arrived, which he did.”
“Dean don’t do this.” Castiel begged him with all his heart.
The lance flew straight and true glowing in time with the runes as Power shrieked against the war torn air, hitting the pulsing red gem in the center, shattering in a spray of prismatic crystals. The infernal ward made of death and hatred, stood no chance against holy light fueled by love and life, wielded by a truly righteous man defending his heart. The wards which were keyed to the lode stone, followed the first as they too shattered freeing the God they had trapped.
“Sire, we did mange to prick the First son and his Consort multiple times. And the Consort only noticed twice.” He didn’t finish by saying the Consort only noticed twice, that they were aware of.
Sam pulled his jacket on over his shoulders, making sure everything was comfortable before tucking his gun behind him in the small of his back. “They can’t detect these. Can’t even see them if I don’t want them too. Want one? Or do you know how to use a gun?” He asked suddenly as he realized Gabe might not know.
They left his body in the tub to be discovered by some lackey later on and took off.
‘Cass…’
Holding on tight, trying to keep from losing what little self control he had left. ’I don’t know if I can do this Dean. My mind it won’t let it go. You’re in danger, we’re in danger and I DON’T KNOW WHY!’ He cried in his mind as his nerves broke. He shook deep into his body, Dean feeling the tremors coursing through him. Holding tight he worked on bringing Cass under control.
Sam tried to reason with his stubborn brother. “Come on Dean it’s for charity.”
He SCREAMED his devastation in his true voice, hands splayed out at his sides as he tilted his head back and cried his heartache. Trees below him exploded in a nearly mile wide radius, animals falling victim to his mindless grief in an instant. The mountains reverberating his despair between their valleys, avalanches cascading in places never known for them. Arctic winds bringing sleet and ice to pelt his unfeeling vessel as he let the world know his one true love was forever ripped away. Ripped away by his own hand because he foolishly thought he could hit the monster without hurting his love. He should have known better, should have known he would hurt his mate, because that was what he did. He was an Angel who only hurt those he loved, was an Angel who did nothing but made the worst decisions and others paid the price for his folly.
“¿Es esta prueba suficiente para usted?” Cass demanded (Is this proof enough for you?)
Dean dropped the book to the ground, forgotten in favor of racing to his mate’s side. Then grunted as he was pushed aside as Castiel released his own wings in an effort to do something. He wasn’t sure what, he just didn’t like all the danger signals his senses were screeching deep in his own soul.
As they had been cleaning up in the river, including one last quickie, Dean found himself in need of a nap rather than food after all. So they had headed back to their little nest to sleep for a few hours. After a very long nap, of which they slept with Dean spooning behind Cass, his cock buried in his Angel’s ass for the connection, they were on their way to find something to eat. Both flew towards the town Dean had noticed the sheriff who had followed him earlier.
Knowing his mate meant every word, even if the car was so far away, Castiel sighed with relief. He could finally purge the land of the evil creatures. Though he still was itching to separate his mate from whatever it was Sam had pulled out of the cave. Knowing he was carrying the unknown thing was making his senses go crazy, they wanted it gone, destroyed before it destroyed their bond. Took their mate away and left them with nothing. NO! He would not lose his mate, no matter what. Dean was HIS!
Hope you all enjoyed it, I had fun frustrating Puck on this one.
“We’ll see, I’ll call her, find out what her progress is.”
Chuckling again, Dean rubbed at his throat and the marks he could feel there. “I’ll say, damn that was HOT!” The hunter could feel how Castiel was starting to question his own actions once again. Wondering if he had been to harsh with his half human mate. “God I loved it, love it when you take me like a piece of fuck meat.”
“Cass?” He coughed, trying to clear his throat of crap.
“Here you go baby, wrap yourself up and we can head back to the room to get dressed.” Giving Cass a final peck on the lips, he wrapped his own warmed towel around his waist. Turning he made sure Cass couldn’t see the smirk on his face as he sashayed towards the door.
He could feel how nervous and unhappy the Angel was, what he was nervous or unhappy about he wasn’t sure. Probably thinking he would think Cass finally wanted him, was going to allow them to be together and wasn’t happy about the idea. Fine if that is what Castiel was thinking so be it, he could take a hint, he knew he wasn’t wanted. He wouldn’t bother the man any more with his obviously silly and unwanted feelings. “Fine, I won’t say anything more about it.” He reached a hand up to Sam, silently asking for help standing.
Dean shook his head, not accepting he would own Castiel. “I don’t want to control you! We are different, I’ll grant you that, but we are EQUAL!” He didn’t want Cass as a slave, a servant, he wanted him as a partner, his mate, his love.
“You did right Robin. It is more important to safe guard our sons and their Consorts than to keep this a secret if the secret is already out.” She stated worry in her eyes, for while they had adopted the boys for honors sake, they had grown to love two such noble humans. All four were destined for greatness and could only bring more honor and innate goodness to their courts. Something which was lacking in many of the Fae breeds for each had their own quirks and personalities, but truth and justice were very much coveted prizes among the elves.
Dean meanwhile shook his head clear, trying to recover from being thrown in the mud. He saw a few were trying to get to the opening Cass had created. Pushing off the ground he plowed into the trolls. Firing his flare gun, wishing he could cover his ears as they shrieked in pain as they burned to death. Turning he took up his position again only to fly once more towards his mate who was caught between eight very large, very determined beings all intent on ripping him from limb from limb. He shoved his Angel blade in the heart of one while firing his gun once more. Castiel broke free, though not without damage, leaping back to blast them once more.
Face twitching in the way it did when confronted with his own brain farts. Rowena firmly fell into Cass’s third category of prayer answering. “Oh yeah, damn I forgot.” Taking another sip, “So their not answering their phone and Cass won’t answer any prayer sent to him. Great, we’ll have to wait then till Dean can contact us. And depending on how upset he is, Dean might not be able to do so for a while.”
He couldn’t help it as he visualized what his brother had probably seen. Him on his knees, legs spread so his balls were hanging between them, ass cheeks slightly spread from his kneeling position. Water glistening off his back, dripping from his hair as he bobbed his head over and over Cass’s shaft. Maybe even seeing how he had been running his hands up his Angel’s thighs while he moaned and groaned. Oh yeah if Sam had seen all that, he would be swearing up a blue streak he was sure.
Tilting his head once more around the door, he could see Rowena and Charlie hovering around a set of books and one computer. Sam was standing next to a table set up with various ingredients, potions, herbs, a few bones he wasn’t sure he wanted to know where they came from, and a very large brazier fire burning under it. But it was the being sitting behind Sam which drew the majority of his attention and worry. Castiel was chained to an iron chair surrounded by holy fire, mouth filled with a gag forged from Angel blade metal. He did not look pleased and Dean didn’t blame him, he was getting pissed off himself. NO ONE tied Cass up but him…
Castiel didn’t question his mount, only grateful she was there to carry him to his mate, the man who owned his soul. He kept his eyes on his prize, his most righteous man the man who would give everything he had to save those who know not what lived in their world. Higher and higher they climbed, a thousand feet, two thousand, three thousand, slowly gaining on the Manananggal as she tried to flee with what didn’t belong to her.
The first to speak as was what her right and privilege was Queen Amaralinde Mithradien Elvadriendra, daughter of retired Queen Isorfilinde Hithramir Celadriewyn. Her consort sitting at her left side and of royal blood himself was King Elvarion Anebrilas Harawien. To the Queen’s right perched on a cushioned stool was Crown Princess Eowarawyn Nithraclya Beladrielinde. She would be next in line to assume the throne when her parents decided to retire, which would not happen till she had married and produced at least two offspring. Her own chosen consort who would inherit the title of Prince for he was of noble but not direct royal blood stood at her back, on guard to protect his true love. Lord Galethien Vindir had almost lost his love once, he would not chance losing her again.
But in other respects he really didn’t want to get rid of his wings, he had grown used to them and the freedom they gave. Sure flying had been interesting, but the freedom he was focused on was how they allowed him to know what Cass was feeling. Giving him a chance to understand his Angel, try and figure out what he was thinking and maybe encourage certain responses. It had given him a thrill to see just how aggressive Castiel could be in defense of him. There was something about watching the man kick some serious ass which made his dick hard. Not only that but he hadn’t missed how much Cass had enjoyed running his hands through his feathers, almost as much as he enjoyed feeling them.
Voice deep with suspicion and caution, Castiel address the man who appeared to be the leader. “Yes?”
Slapping his hands on his knees “Damn it, so we have to wait till nightfall? I would rather take her out in the day if possible. I don’t think they can fly then can they?” He asked looking towards his brother.
Dean turned his head, seeing the loving resignation in them. “Cass we don’t have to…”
“Cass I know that, think I would bring it up if there wasn’t more.” Dean groused before pointing to what had drawn his attention. “But look here, it says that when a heavenly being’s inner light has been nearly decimated by one of the unclean, there is only a few things to be done to save them.”
He raised his Grace covered hands once more, fingers splayed out as electric sparks flickered from the tips. Ruined vehicles following his direction lifted and launched themselves at the buildings which had served as a fun camp ground just yesterday evening. More destruction happened as the buildings exploded in a spray of wood and glass when meeting with the chunks of cold iron. Fluid rained down onto the helpless officers trying to contain a danger they had no hope of understanding.
Raising an eyebrow, Gabriel gave him a sly grin, schooching closer to Sam. Making sure there was no way in hell Sam would be able to get access to the book he was currently laying on, he cross his legs, lifted his hands over his head and said, “Fine, then I’m just going to lay here till you get up, then follow you around for amusement. I’m bored and need something to entertain myself for the next few hours.”
The two Heaven touched peaks aligned with new Tree of Life to form a protective trapezoid between them. As long as love was found between the First Son and his chosen Consort, life would live within the polygon. A safe haven for all those who simply wished to live a life free from those who would seek to harm them. In this area no evil would ever touch the land, only life and love.
“Quit your yapping. That will be 34.69 for everything including tax.”
All those colors blazing masked how the glitter seemed to light up, mingling with the power contained in the wings created by a spell gone wrong.
“Indeed.” Course the Winchester luck was now his luck. The idea both pleased and exasperated him. Still he couldn’t help the silly smile which grew on his face. Being a Winchester was a great honor and he was proud to be part of the family.
Looking at Cass for a few seconds more before tearing his attention away to face his brother, he asked, “Our shit isn’t in it is it?” That is all they didn’t need is cops getting hold of their demon killing gear.
Cass leaned down and kiss Dean, putting as much power and love as he could, to remind his hunter just who he belonged to. When they pulled away Cass took a good up close look at the outfit he had been forced to wear tonight.
“That was my question Dean, you’ve been gone a while and I was worried for you. What are you doing out here?” Cass cast his eyes over the area, taking in the various trees stretching out of the valley. The ups and downs of the hills, the birds flying over head calling to each other as they went about their day. The few clouds floating in the sky, they were light and fluffy, and starting him thinking it might be fun to do a little cloud skipping later. He knew how much Dean loved skimming the tops of the things.
That got their attention.
“Yes, but what about…” He didn’t get to say anything more for Dean had already stepped back.
Breathing a sigh of relief Dean did as he was asked. Setting his feet, he thrust deeply into the Angel who was to become his mate. Pounding repeatedly into his warmth, gripping his hips tightly to make sure they stayed connected as much as possible. Cass’s eyes glowed bright lighting blue, reflecting the color of his own green apple eyes.
“Cass what are you doing?” Dean walked on silent feet towards his Angel, hands out as he tried to calm him.
Welcome back managed to get one more chapter out for you all.
“No guarantees bitch.” Still he worked hard to bring him within a few feet, having to leave enough space for him to bring his wings in. “Okay letting you go now.” He gave Sam another second to prepare then dropped him, watching as he landed with a grunt and bent knees. Dean then landed next to him, dismissing his wings in favor of helping his brother drop whatever nasty thing he had been carrying this whole time.
It was a few moments before the older man came around, blinking tired dull blue eyes up into gentle green ones. “Dean?”
The noises both men were creating would do any porn studio proud. Slurping, sucking, lightly chewing on one end, while the other was muffled by the ball gag. Having to moan and groan while shuddering as he was eaten out so deeply. His cock straining under him, wanting to come and unable to. Cursing Cass at times only to be spanked firmly for his cursing troubles.
“And one other item Robin.”
Shaking his head to clear it of the odd thoughts, listening to how pieces of glass fell from his shoulders, knowing he needed to concentrate on getting to the basement level. He pulled a bandage out of his duffle, wrapping his arm as best he could with one hand. Heaving himself to his feet by using a convenient desk to steady himself, he reached for his gear, grimacing as his forearm protested the movement. Limping hard as his knee let him know it wasn’t happy either.
“Who were they? They were scary, is who they were. And they shot your friend. Hey is he okay?” One of the bank tellers stuttered out as she tried to open the door once more.
“Like these red peppers?” The hunter asked while holding up the pepper in question.
“Ewww Cass how many times have I told you not to say that? It’s sex, or making love, or knocking boots, or bumping nasties.” Dean scolded as he often did when Cass spoke about them being together in the proper scientific terms.
Puck waved his hand and the dryad flew back into a stand of stout popular trees. “I don’t wish to hear your excuses. You failed at your job to keep the monster from causing to much damage to both. You will be punished for this.”
Pulling out a usb stick from his desk, he passed it over to Cass who had his hand out for it.“Done, here, cops didn’t want it so I just kept it. But if you have a use for it you're welcome to it.”
“Yes Sire?”
“How is she doing?”
‘For me? You don’t have to do anything for me, especially this spell.’
Forest moss green eyes instantly began to darken as he processed everything Sam was saying. “So nice that you find it funny these damn things keep changing colors. Now can we get back to how to get rid of them?”
SPNSPNSPN
Dean and Cass work through some issues. More creatures make their presence known.
Puck pursed his lips but once again she was correct, if they had brought him here with his power depleted, the shock of this realm’s magic could have killed him. He needed to be with his mate, to start the bonding process and he couldn’t do that here. Plus an Archangel in their world without the steady control of a human to balance him, could tear apart this dimension easily. No matter what choice was made there would be some bad with the good. “Again she is wise beyond her years. Tell me the rest.”
“Son of a …” He glared at the women who were giggling behind their hands. He would get even with them at some point. He was sure it was them who had picked out all the costumes the men at this auction had to wear. Though why he got stuck with this nightmare from hell while the other men could wear shorts he hadn’t a clue.
Rolling as best he could away from the three brothers who were coming closer, breathing deep to try and control the agony coursing through his system. He couldn’t reach the knife in his back, just below his shoulder blade, thankfully not near his spine. Gathering what was left of his strength, gritting his teeth at having to move, he fired two more rounds of rock salt, this time hitting the mute bandit. He disappeared in a silent bellow of rage, while his brothers jumped towards him.
“Good, it shouldn’t have come to this, are safe guards in place to defend our sons?”
Erik turned startled towards the other man, whom he had mostly ignored, in favor of talking to Sam. He had always been attracted to the tall man, the same age as him, slim, athletic and smart as hell. He felt they would be a fine match, but had never been able to get him alone to ask him out. He had barely looked at the Archangel when they had come in, eyes only for the hunter. But he did seem to recall the man’s eyes had been yellow or a weird brown color, not the glowing electric blue which seemed to lance straight into his soul. Those flickering blue eyes seemed to burn his skin especially the arm which he had placed behind the young Winchester.
“From what I understood Sire…” Tiniolith started unsure of his Lord’s temperament.
He was also pleased to be able to feel Dean in so many ways. He could feel power pulsing within his mate, his power, shared and growing stronger. Which was odd since he had shared his, he should have felt weaker, but he didn’t. He, himself felt stronger than he had ever before, but at this moment he wasn’t going to worry about it. He was reading so much about Dean, his heart rate, breathing, how he was starting to get hungry, and needed to take a piss.
“Dude that isn’t fair.” Dean’s green eyes blazing.
“Of course, but what does it mean? Being an Angel’s mate?” He had never heard of Angel’s taking a mate.
Gabriel felt a warmth for a few moments coming from Sam, and looking at his face he knew he was thinking more than he was saying. From what he could infer it was probably dirty. Damn he really wished he could get inside his head and learn just what he was thinking. Even join in with whatever dirty thoughts he was thinking.
To borrow a phrase from his eldest ward, “Son of a Bitch!” Puck threw his quill down as he rapidly debated what needed to be done next. The problem being they had no eyes inside the bunker. It was spelled and keyed to destroy all manner of fae, which worked out great for him and those dark fae bastards. But didn’t work out so well for his own people, whom he was loathed to send in to be instantly killed. He glanced down at the piles of paperwork on his desk, one sheet caught his eye, the subject of it odd for being on his desk. Plucking it he realized it had been included with the military rosters by mistake. Still he couldn’t help scanning it quickly till he read one name and her former occupation.
SPNSPNSPN
“I’m ready to go now Dean.” Castiel stated as he finished the last few bites of his sandwich, soup already long gone. He knew better than to leave anything behind, not when Dean was making sure he ate.
“Great they are going to be those types of ghosts.” Dean would totally be bitching and moaning at those ghosts, he hated the ones which didn’t show themselves, made them twice as hard to kill. Castiel would roll his eyes and try and help in his own awkward way. Which made him think, how would Gabriel try and help? He didn’t deal with this crap to often, would he enjoy it? Sam knew he wouldn’t want to live any other life now, but if his Angel didn’t like the life where would that leave them?
Working him over, knowing he could do whatever he wished and Dean couldn’t stop him. Then following those thoughts with more images. Castiel bending him over a moss covered log, water flowing underneath, fish swimming quietly while he was taken from behind. Having a thick shaft entering him and jack hammering so hard he couldn’t even breath, only to have him suddenly slow down to a leisurely pace. Dean scrambling to get some traction only to be stopped as he was lifted higher on the ancient trunk so his feet were left dangling. Totally at his Angel’s subjective mercy, as Cass decided how he would take him over and over. His cock being caressed by the super soft moss, only to feel the sharp stinging slap of a hand connecting to his ass.
Dean panted quietly as he stood in the tree, wings pressed tightly to his back as he watched the cops mingling below. He had led them on a fine chase for the last few hours but he needed a break. Also Cass was going to kill him when he found out he had been grazed a few more times. Evidently once they had recovered from their surprise of a large flying THING, aka big flying asshole, they had no problem taking aim at him. He should have remembered that not only were they cops but hunters to. He could vaguely hear them arguing among themselves about where he could have gone, and if they needed to bring more people in to hunt him down.
Wings beating sharply he spun in a tight spiral, avoiding the Manananggal who scented him and recognized him as the enemy even if she couldn’t see him. Screaming her rage she flew to where the smell of him was strongest, Dean dancing out of her clutches as he worked to gain more height. He planned on diving towards her once more, this time he was sure it would work, she couldn’t see him, wouldn’t see him till it was too late. He knew the nature of his wings, what strengths they gave him, what his weaknesses were, it was time for him to live up to his nature.
For years he had searched and knew the Archangel had been thwarting his attempts to capture him. First by killing his followers, then disappearing for hundreds of years, till he showed himself a little to flagrantly and started the process over again. This time though it had been different, this time there were other factors who were actively searching for the fourth son of God. Searching and in the end finding him much quicker and easier than any of his people had done so. Possibly because Angels had a natural instinct around those of demon blood, knowing they were around and activity trying to destroy them. Those who had found Gabriel this time were not demons and had kept him under surveillance for their own reasons. He honesty didn’t care, instead planning how he was going to capture the man once and for all.
Gabriel didn’t seem to comprehend what Sam was saying, blinking sleepy eyes, letting his gaze move around the room till they settled on the water pitcher resting on the dresser. Sam followed his movements, seeing where they stopped. “Need water? Sure hold on I’ll get you some.” Standing he went over poured some into the glass waiting then returned to Gabriel’s side. The Archangel tried lifting a hand to grasp it but after only a few moments dropped it. To weak to make a second attempt.
“Oh I’m not that bad…” Gabriel tried to wave away his words, course the knowing smirk on his face didn’t help prove his innocence.
“There is no other way. It’s time and I need you to drop me where I asked you to.”
Leaning over, he licked the outer shell of Dean’s ear, before growling out “Dean wake up damn it!” Then bit his lobe hard.
“Thanks Sammy I really appreciate it.” And he could really hear just how much Dean was grateful for his understanding.
“You had better not, but also I must be fair, the Princes firmly believe in free will, so if you reveal yourselves and say you serve them, know they will bitch and moan about it. And probably do everything they can to shake you off. Be ready for it.” Dean especially would be pissed when he found out and someday he would. He just hoped he could put that day off for many centuries to come.
“Because asshole, not every case we go on is going to be a salt and burn, or even worse filled with a bunch of nerds, geeks, and dorks, all dressed up in tights and furry underwear.” Though to be fair, there was one nerd at the event which Dean very much appreciated wearing furry underwear. To bad it hadn’t been possible to get said nerd out of said furry underwear. Which again led to other depressing thoughts. Why was it, with all he had done in his life, why was he never to be allowed something he wished to have more than anything?
He had been in his room, sick of all the fighting, hating the fact he was being pressured to choose and he didn’t want to. He wanted a family, he wanted to go back to having fun, to living a life filled with love. Then Castiel had come and talked to him long into the night, assuring him that there was a way out of his troubles. That he could live the life of freedom he wanted and deserved. Shocked he had demanded how it would be possible and Castiel had giving him his solution.
‘And that is my cue to leave.’ Changing tactics he slowed his flight and headed off into the woods opposite of his family. He grunted as he felt a bullet impact one of his wings, but it didn’t slow him down so he ignored it.
“Not much further, do you need me to carry you?” He asked in all seriousness, this was not a normal storm, this had elements of otherworldliness and Dean’s wings were not designed to fly through it. When on jobs a few times storms had come in, blowing Dean out of the sky. Only Castiel, racing to save him kept him from injury. Falcon wings were not meant to fly through magical supernatural storms. Regular storms, much gentler was a totally different situation.
Powering through the air, he circled back to make sure they were still following him, evading a few other shots, till one ripped through his wing proper. Staggering through the air, he worked to maintain his altitude so he could determine how bad it was. It hurt but it wasn’t bleeding much, no doubt thanks to the minimum of Grace he still had in his wings. Wonder if it would heal naturally before he had to go meet his brother and his mate. Save himself a bit of grief from the scolding his Angel was more than capable of giving him.
Standing where he was, he tried to argue with him, “Ah Dean we probably shouldn’t be flying, I’ve heard helicopters flying around the woods.”
Only thing he really didn’t like but didn’t say anything about, is he loved dying his hair a brilliant golden yellow which made eyes water.
“Continue Robin.”
Stepping back he deployed his wings, they were not their normal vibrancy, a fact Cass took instant note off. About to tell him they would think of another plan, Dean took the option away from him. Giving a powerful down stroke, he leapt into the air, flapping hard to reach a height which pleased him before diving down towards the people waiting for them. With a grin and a shout he buzzed the startled people. Many ducking down at the sudden large THING hurtling towards them.
What he was confronted with was dozens of warriors of all breeds laying on comfortable looking beds, side tables and single chairs between the neatly lined up rows. Males, females, elves, dryads, Zahkyan, Giants, a few Uroa, hell even a sprite war band plus more were all in here. Which meant there had to be at least four maybe five companies of warriors who participated in whatever the hell happened.
The female cop walked to his side, holding onto Charlie. “Wait your brother? Which one are you? Sam or Dean?”
“Yeah Dean, wake Cass up, then take him to bed.” He pursed his lips to keep the smile off his face.
Immediately she purred before standing, pointing with her chin to her back in a clear indication to put the deer on top of it. Once Sam had done so, she also indicated Charlie was welcome to join her. She declined, fresh killed animal not a travel companion in her mind. Together they returned to their small little camp, food in hand and ideas simmering as to how to get the hunter and the Angel together.
Cass yelped in shocked surprised as Naoko dived suddenly, aiming for something only starting to show through his rapidly fading holy light. He gripped her neck fur, focusing his electric blue eyes on what she was driving herself to with increasing speed. When he saw what she was after, he couldn’t believe it, “Oh please hurry, please Father, let us be in time.” Naoko put on another burst of speed, hearing his words and responding to his prayer. Reaching her jaws out, she managed to snag one of Dean’s broken wings, being as careful as she could to cause no more hurt.
Just as puzzled as Dean, “I’m not sure, whatever is in there I feel is trapped, rather than the source of the evil.”
“Because his wings, you should be able to see them.”
The sun had just set and they were waiting for the final rays of its light to fade. The panther, with the most sour look Dean had ever seen on a cat, stood before them. His tail was swishing back and forth in irritation, ears folded back in the typical ways of annoyed kitties everywhere. His violet eyes focused on a certain spot, a rock face built in times even Castiel wasn’t sure of. It had two walls built of dark granite about seven feet apart and ten feet tall. Then from those top ends it started curving inward in a steeple arch till it reached a point 15 feet above it. Runes were scratched into the surface, ones Dean could barely read and Cass not at all.
“Hey pretty wing boy, over here.” Drunk one slurred from his seat on a log.
Still Castiel slowed down, bringing Dean under his own wings, stretching them to their maximum width to help shelter his mate. He didn’t miss how his hunter sighed in relief. They needed to get to town and out of this hell storm, find shelter till they could discover more. While Dean said he was fine, their bond said something different. The winds were picking up to speeds and strengths even he would have trouble with in the material plain. Dean being who he was, had to be using all his strength to keep up. His mate was a tenacious fighter but even he had his limit. A limit which was rapidly approaching.
The boys return home, Cass teaches Dean his lesson.
“From the research Rowena and I discovered, which was a blast by the way, I haven’t had this much fun in ages.” Working with her, without the snarky attitude, helping her favorite boys find true love AND learning more mystic lore to take larping or breaking into Federal systems around the world. YES PLEASE!
With another sigh he turned back to the forest, scanning for humans and those damn fairies. They were another factor he didn’t understand. What the hell were they doing here? Why were they interfering with his life? The Fae and Heavenly host typically avoided each other, preferring to keep to their own lives and business. For them to interfere meant something had changed, something in their own secret society needed to be fulfilled and he was part of it. He knew they had hit him multiple times with spells to push his emotions towards the surface. Some he had managed to stop, but honestly others he had been so distracted at the time he hadn’t noticed. Those were the times he was really curious about, because every time he had been hit, he should have been throwing up soon after. But he hadn’t, so it had taken him a while to make the connection between when his emotions flared up and those fucking fairies.
“Because I know Cass is going to want to thank you properly for lunch. And you two are loud.” He stated glaring at his brother who was not hiding how proud that made him feel.
“True but that was a different book Dean, this one appears to be written in a different language.”
“Dean I can drive the Impala and Cass can ride with you.” Sam suggested, pleased with himself as this would mean even more alone time together.
Moaning deeply, rubbing his stone shaft against the sheets, “Oh son of a bitch, Cass do that, don’t stop, Oh my god, I’ve never felt anything like this.” Which was true, never had he felt just pleasure as he did as his Angel licked and sucked at the base of his wing feathers. This was so much more powerful than any other time Cass had had to help him learn. This was full on lover doing everything to make his mate feel loved, wanted and cherished.
Dean and Cass trek into the jungle.
“More Dean, really start pushing them.” The Angel demanded, voice assuming a more commanding tone.
“Good make me come on your cock, make me come from your cock alone.” His eyes were closed tightly as he concentrated on how hard he was being fucked. How he was feeling everything within his very soul as their bodies connected their spirits. He loved this feeling, this deep connection to the one person who had saved him from everlasting loneliness.
Finally Castiel turned towards her, not surprised when she stepped back in shock. Its not every day a person is confronted with glowing electric blue eyes. He took in the decor around the room and didn’t fail to notice the various religious statues, paintings and even the cross hanging around her neck. Realizing her religion he didn’t fail to take advantage of it, he needed to get Dean someplace safe and this was the quickest method, even if he really didn’t like taking advantage of her. “Necesito una habitación.” (I need a room)
The tent flap opening suddenly caused all three men to jump, Dean’s wings instinctively flaring out. And if they happen to block both Sam and Cass for a few minutes, who was to know it was intentional.
“Robin do we have access to their bunker yet?”
Sam gave him a narrowed eyed look, knowing there was more to it than what Dean was letting on. He also had a feeling it had something to do with Cass as Dean had just the slightest hint of pink on his cheeks. He rolled his eyes, because no matter what he couldn’t help thinking it was really sweet Dean wanted to do nice things for their resident Angel. Life had not be easy or kind to either of them, nor had they always been easy or nice with each other. From what he had seen since they bonded, they were making up for their mistakes with a vengeance.
“Dean thank goodness, how you feeling?” Sam was instantly by his side.
The invitation was accepted.
Blue eyes suddenly filling with sorrow, the celestial being looked up at his friend. “I’m sorry Dean. I didn’t mean to lose my temper.”
Dean grimaced, he knew it would happen but cops swarming around was not going to be fun. “You think they are going to be leaving soon?” Man his belly was starting to churn wanting more food. He took another sip of his water, looking around the tent. It wasn’t very big and fit their style, slapped together at the last minute. His roving candy apple eyes met those of his Angel’s own electric blue? What the hell why was Cass using his Grace? Before he could ask, his belly growled once more.
Looking up as the door to the room opened he was surprised to find Rowena entering carrying a tray. It had a tea set on it along with a bit of food and a hell of a lot of odd colored vials, bags and even a book with a mark about three quarters through the tome. She stopped in the middle of the doorway, stunned for a moment at seeing Sam up and awake. Coming fully into the room, she set her tray on the dresser before walking over to Sam.
Cocking his head to the side confused. “Doesn’t feel right? What do you mean?”
Cocking is head slightly with a raised eyebrow, he made up his mind as he felt the mix of emotions coming at him.  “Sam I’m going to come out and just say this. I do like you, you're a good guy and you and your brother have helped me a lot in the past. But I like you and wouldn’t mind getting to know you better.”
They had both proven their loyalty and devotion to duty, even though they had not been part of the court till the First Son had come and freed them. And they in turn had not hesitated to do a duty not their own, protecting with their very lives the one most precious to the High Court. And what was the reward they had asked for in return for doing such a noble duty? They had simply asked to be allowed to live and leave. For they knew the normal fate of their kind when one of the pure race found them.
Cass glared knowing he was going to hate whatever his hunter had come up with. Sam raised an eyebrow mimicking Cass, he was sure he wasn’t going to like what his brother had come up with either.
Puck could see those he had come to report to, keeping his face impassive as suited an elf of his station in this situation. There were three steps between the upper level of the room where the Royals sat and were he would kneel down to report. Walking the 30 steps needed to reach it, he did exactly that and waited.
Shaking off his Angel’s help, he batted his hand aside, “Cass I’m fine. We need to find that horror and kill it.” Dean didn’t get much further before collapsing back to the ground, tired beyond belief.
The spies placed around the clearing snapped and hissed at each other. They had been tasked with watching the two, and if possible snacking on their energy to weaken them. Unfortunately the human had been warded, and the Angel was watching closely for any changes to himself and his mate. So they had only been able to watch. To top it off they would not be able to follow them into the tunnel and cause havoc there. They could not cross the holy wards, not without vaporizing themselves into oblivion, which their sister and brother would not be pleased with.
Following his mate they quickly discovered which room held the kitchen, the large king sized beds, and much to Dean’s delight and Cass’s puzzlement the large jacuzzi tub in the bathroom. “This room is ours Sam you get the other.”
“So Sam after lunch we go to the bank? Then the store so I can finally get some candy? Since you’re being a stubborn ass and not buying it for me ahead of time?” Gabe teased him, stuffing his face with French fries.
“Take a look Cass.” Dean gently directed his mate’s eyes to the broken man at their feet.
Huffing in aggravation at yet another problem to deal with. “Fine we climb down, do you know if you can break the wards?”
Hope you are enjoying this. More chapters will come in time.
“Just how big is this camp ground Sam?” Cass asked, looking at how the common grounds were stretching for what seemed like miles. It seemed excessive to him, but then again he had only been in a few small parks, when he was human.
“Where is this scout, I shall reward him for his cunning and quickness.” He looked over the phalanx of soldiers being tended to, wanting to make sure he was properly rewarded.
Scowling as he looked at the massive amount of forests around them. “Couldn’t we have done this later?” They had a job to get to and taking a side trip for no real reason was a waste of time.
Castiel woke slowly, shivering with pleasure as he smelled his mate surrounding him. He always loved it when Dean slept with his wings out. It made him feel safe and loved like nothing else he had ever experienced did. To know he was surrounded by the man who had saved his life in so many ways. Dean was the best of everything Cass was sure, even with his flaws or he should say because of his flaws, his mate was perfect for him. Cass was just as screwed up in his way and Dean didn’t care, in fact he didn’t see his screw ups as negatives, just saw it as part of being human and accepted him. It had been a long time since anyone had accepted him, honestly he couldn’t remember the last time someone had accepted him, just for him. Not wanting anything from him in return, so it felt nice to be accepted.
Dean had watched as the man was launched with no effort, nor had he missed just a few seconds afterward the whispers and worried or fearful looks being sent his way. Launching himself at his friend, he grab Cass by his breastplate and dragging him out of camp fast. He didn’t stop running till they were far from camp, using the light of his own wings, still ringing with Angel Crimson Fire to find his way.
Dean’s eyes lit up at the idea of more food, but managed to not grab it out of her hands. Instead Cass took it and started pulling food out. Handing them to his hunter in order of what he could eat quickly first. It didn’t take him long to finish off three sandwiches, two bags of chips, a dozen cookies and another apple. He was also thinking of eating the orange and when Cass looked at him before nodding to go ahead, he didn’t hesitate.
Cass’s eyes softened as he sat in the chair, taking up the role of Sentinel. He grinned Dean so hated it when he watched him sleep.
The drive home was completed in around 20 hours, Sam somehow managing to drive nearly all the way through. He had to stop at a deserted factory lot and grab a couple hours sleep, but when he woke up he continued on. Dean and Cass both never noticed as they had passed out near the beginning of their trip. Pulling up to the bunker, Sam parked the Jeep, leaving it running so he could go and open the garage. Pulling it open he went back and drove the rig into the cavern of cars, parking it in a spare slot. Shutting the engine off he looked over his shoulder at the two men who hadn’t moved.
Grinning in agreement, “Yeah you're probably right, so how do we want to carry? Flares? Spray cans and lighters?” The handle on the door rattled causing both men to look up but Dean quickly returned to reading the text on the laptop. From his behavior Sam knew it was Cass on the other side. The Angel walked in holding multiple bags in his hand. “Hey Cass what you bring back?”
Their family had given up a lot for not just humanity, but for the world and possibly the universe. Saving creatures, destroying those who would kill others. His family spilling blood, sweat, tears and life over the centuries really for what? To just end up as another family line dead? What about their happiness? What about their joy? What about their life when the hunter life became to much for them? It had happened more than once over the years, both he and Dean had thought about giving it up. But their need to protect others, their devotion to their own odd job in life kept pulling them back.
SPNSPNSPN
Now the hunter narrowed his own eyes as the dirty words starting turning him on. ‘Hey really?’
The bank was across town and it was the lunch hour, meaning it would be hell to try and get into the bank for the next hour or two when everyone else was trying to do the same thing. Instead Sam decided it might be a better idea to go get something to eat for lunch. Now this could be good or could be bad. It all depended on just how wired Gabriel became at the idea.
The Angel continued his ministrations, kissing and licking down his back till he reached the cleft of his ass. Gripping both cheeks firmly he pulled them apart, exposing his tight pink hole just waiting to be ravished. Bending down he nosed at the perfect entrance, listening as Dean’s breath hitched at what was about to come. Sticking his tongue out Cass gave a single lick, holding tightly as Dean jumped even if he knew what was about to happen. Keeping his firm globes parted, he started lapping over and over at his entrance, sharpening his tongue to spear him from time to time. Dean cried and cursed and moaned as he was rimmed, Cass reaching places which seemed impossible to touch.
Almost.
“Why does she want to help humans to begin with?” Sam asked suddenly.
Dean angry and upset followed a few minutes later.
Then came two points of pressure on his own shoulders, followed by a tingling sensation and he knew Dean had entered into the fight. Dean was sharing his own power with him, giving him the final boost he needed, the Grace which was constantly stored in his wings. Slowly the energy came to him, and he welcomed it, for he had expended much today. It was enough for him to finish restoring his body to the shape it once was in. Even his hair had started to grow back but Cass wasn’t going to worry about hair, not when he could feel Dean faulting behind him, matching his own exhaustion.
“Interesting, is that all he is doing?” If she could have gotten away with it, she would have pulled out her tablet and started taking notes. Instead she would have to content herself with just listening carefully and keeping track of everything.
Shaking his head “It’s a weird story and don’t really want to go into it. Suffice to say I can’t be in the same room with him.”
https : // www.disabled-world.com/disability/awareness/mood-colors. php
“Charlie, Dean is sleeping there. I can rest on the ground.” The Angel said as quietly as he could, though he could tell Dean was so far under he wouldn’t wake if they used regular voices, he was that tired.
Continuing to hold his shoulders, Dean looked deeply into his mate’s eyes, willing him to see everything he was showing him. “Hey now, none of that, you made a mistake. But it could so have easily been me who made it in some other fashion. Castiel I’m not blaming you for wanting to heal me, I needed it, I really did, but just as you worry for me I worry for you. I need you to know and accept we’ll both make mistakes. This was a big one but nothing bad happened and some good actually came from it.”
The large firs, cedars, poplars and other trees swayed in the gentle breeze, holding vigil over what was happening before them. The moon shined down on the main camp ground but with all the flood lights, police cars and flashlights on in the area, one wouldn’t know it. The place was buzzing with activity at the news one of the brothers had been captured and the other was close by. Squads were forming up to be sent out, while orders were being passed around as to what to do once the others they were after were captured. Smells were floating in the air from the hasty kitchen set up to help feed hungry people looking for the Winchesters. Insects and nocturnal animal sounds could be heard in the distance though most were silent near the camp ground.
“So we wait?” She asked sounding terribly disappointed.
“The Consort was found by the First Son, his Consort and the Second Son. Even now they are working to preserve his life for it is in danger of expiring.”
Leave me a comment if you like it.
Snapping his wings out fully, Dean landed with heavy breaths next to the three of them. Panting his words. “Cass…check… her… out…baby…” Dean stepped back, placing his hands on his knees as he tried to recover from the adrenaline rush.
All three rolled their eyes at the lame excuse, knowing the real reason why the two had decided to go off. Bobby had been hankering for a few new books to add to his collection, but they were harder than fuck to find. He was going to need the other man’s help to find and steal them when they did. They were on a work trip they were disguising as a vacation and who knew when they would be back.
“And about our younger son’s Consort? What is his condition?” The Queen asked.
“CASS, hold on man, just take it easy.” Dean grabbed the other man, steadying him, as he continued to puke his lungs out, expelling a rainbow of colors from his celestial system. A few minutes later, it looked like Castiel was calming down, he was no longer heaving his Grace at least. Dean pulled some leaves to help him wipe his mouth if needed, before settling next to him on a convenient boulder.
“OH HELL NO!!!!!!” He bellowed before he launched himself, ignoring his own injuries, towards those trying to steal what belonged to him. His wings appeared in a brilliant display of pure Holy Light, startling him but he would worry about it later. He gave three beats of his glowing energized wings, then he was dropping down on those who were trying to kidnap his mate. His wings continued to sizzle with Heavenly Wrath, he sliced and diced those creatures ignoring their screams of terror as they were burned by the unexpected power radiating from him.
‘Oh you are way to cruel mate.’ He narrowed his eyes at his mate, hands on his hips as he made his feelings known at being denied one of his favorite bedroom pleasures.
The Angel froze, trying to rein in his suddenly interested dick. He hadn’t expected to go from wishful thinking in the back of his mind, to practically weeping with despair, at not being allowed what he most wanted. Those feathers were even more luxurious than he had anticipated, some so soft he wanted to just rub his face in them. Others harder, stronger, ready to perform any type of maneuver in the air they might be called to execute. It figured the hunter’s feathers would reflect Dean’s personality so perfectly, he should have realized this sooner, before he touched those examples of truth. Hard on the outside, yet as you moved closer to the center, they became softer, gentler as if they knew the outer feathers would protect them from all harm.
Dean was still listening to the words the Angel was quietly whispering in his ear. This was why he couldn’t be with him? Because he thought he wasn’t worthy of HIM. Reaching out he grabbed Cass, holding him close. “Cass, you are worthy, more than worthy. It’s me…” He didn’t finish as the other man put a finger on his lips.
Body quivering in stress and relief he shook his shoulders free of his twitching black wings. Gripping Dean once more he pulled him towards his chest as he rolled back in his nest of pillows. “Take me Dean, claim me, I need you to claim me. I need to feel you, be with you. Please.” He begged, instincts continuously screaming in his head to have his hunter claim him. To be taken as was right and proper by the man who was the other half, the better half of his heart and soul.
Cass was waiting for Dean in the garage, picking up on his agitation through their bond. He watched as Dean pulled into the space, parking it in the center as he normally did. Moving next to the driver door, he waited while his mate opened the door, stepping out.
“Gabriel, I’m still busy…” He manfully kept his head down, trying to read and not seeing a single letter as Gabriel upped his obnoxious game.
SPNSPNSPN
“Sí.” Castiel answered looking over at the crowd who was still staring at their wings. Turning to Dean he murmured, “Go ahead and put them away Dean, they’ve seen enough and we have other things to do.”
Oh look ask and ye shall receive, god damn it! Turning to the solider who came running up, he looked into his rose coral eyes. “Yes what is it now?”
“Better pull over Dean, we should be good Charlie said as a mating present for you and Cass, she cleaned our records, again.”
The younger hunter had always fascinated him, during those times they ran into each other. Now it felt like there was an even stronger connection then just attractiveness to him. Something about the hunter was tugging on all his heart strings and he was pretty sure he didn’t want them to stop. He liked feeling Sam close, he liked his personality, his loyalty, his courage as he took on his care. He was an asshole just like his older brother, he didn’t deny it, but for some reason Sam managed to make him feel loved. The only other time he had felt remotely loved was when Cassie had come to him, helped to free him from his family. Course what he was feeling for Sam was much more than brotherly love, and he decided he would explore his feelings, but later, he had other things to deal with.
How was it fair for Dean to suffer over and over for this scum who would seek to kill him because they did not believe what was truth? No, he could not allow any more to hunt his beloved mate, his treasure, his most righteous man.
Shaking his head, keeping his thoughts to himself for the moment, he would have to discuss them with Dean later. Their entire family was starting to act oddly and anything odd in their family typically meant no good. “Sorry Sam he isn’t doing much better, in fact I think he is worse. I had to fight whatever is invading him again. It was strange while I was doing so I felt the presence of another, female who distracted the darkness long enough for me to burn it out.”
They had a traitor in their midst.
The beast had been pouring everything into staying ahead of him and Naoko, jerking Dean around as she flew. Now it would all stop.
Cass could see the tent, it was pavilion shaped but smaller than Charlie’s. Also it was a mixture of brown, gray and black, a camo tent rather than a Larping tent. Sam pulled open the flap, allowing the Angel to walk in. The bed, a standard issue army cot, was in the middle of the space, a cheap single chair with a mismatching folding table holding a small pitcher of water, a few fruit and not much else. Gently Cass laid his hunter down, shuffling him till he was comfortable on his side. He tucked his wings behind him, covering him with a blanket.
“The other one, twist the other one.” Dean demanded as he propped himself up on his elbows, throwing his head back to give his Angel full access to his neck. Eyes half closed, barely seeing the branches of the trees on the other side of the river as he concentrated on what Castiel was doing to him. He cried out as Cass did as he asked, startling birds into flight only to see them settle once more. Grinding his ass back and forth in the slick, raising a creamy froth around them, he breathed in the harsh twang of decomposing plant material. Finding it a major turn on as his Angel continued to torment him with pleasure. Twisting, pulling and pinching Dean couldn’t help groaning as the sensations went straight to his dick. His purple headed shaft jumping as Cass worked his way down his body. Then his teeth found his left nipple and set to work making it as red as the marks on his throat.
SPNSPNSPN
The Archangel was in a condition they had never seen before on any living or for that matter dead being. He was completely bald, his head still bleeding from where each hair looked like it had been yanked out forcefully. Even parts of his scalp missing from how harshly his hair had been removed. His face appeared to have been punched repeatedly till the bones had no choice but to recess deep into his skull. Eye sockets solid black and deformed, nose sitting nearly sidewise, with one nostril ripped open so much it was twice the size it should have been. His mouth, which normally rested in a smug smirk instead was sliced and lips ripped in multiple pieces. Sam opened his mouth and found his teeth and tongue removed violently. Hell even his chin which stood out appeared to be a shadow of its former self. Both ears where nothing more than left over flaps of skin. It was sickening to look at.
Shaking his head even if Dean couldn’t see him. “Okay whatever, when are you coming back?”
“As always correct my Lady. The Consort will continue to grow in power for when they consummated their union, the magic combination used on the First Son which caused him to grow wings, was permanently passed along to the Angel. As long as he stays with his mate and they enjoy each other regularly, he will grow to become the strongest in his rank of Angels. I do not know if he will grow powerful enough to destroy an Archangel, but he will not be able to be killed by one. He will be able to hold his own so he can protect the First Son.”
“I don’t know why you do that Cass, but I like it. A lot, keep doing it.”
Dean projected as much calm and steadiness as he could. His mind flooding with his mate’s overwhelming desires to protect him, to take him far from here and hide him away. The elder wondered how come Cass was being so over protective now, considering how they had been on other jobs just as nasty as the trolls before them. There was something triggering his Angel into his more feral state to defend him. And this is why Dean had the ability to control his man. To calm him and keep him sensible enough to think rather than react. This is what Cass had meant when he had told Dean when they mated that he would be able to control him. To keep him from getting out of hand and going off on everyone.
Adored the freedom and trust Dean showed him with allowing him to touch and feel as much as he wanted, whenever he wanted. Felt it as Dean could sense his feelings of wonder and joy and sent back his own, letting him know it was mutual. They were soulmates forever and always and he would never forbid Cass from loving him as he wished. Curse him at times sure, blue eyed bastard who was being really mean and cruel to not let him come, but always loved.
“It shouldn’t be an issue as long as I stay in contact with Dean.” The Angel said calmly.
Cass put a hand on Dean’s shoulder before he could take off. “Cass?”
“We pricked him many times to bring his emotions to the surface, to help him see what he was allowed to have. Otherwise who knew how long the First Son would have gone without.”
SPNSPNSPN
He knew he was being toyed with as those pinpricks grew in frequency and he wondered just why they were playing with him. When he turned the corner at a T junction he took the right branch randomly. As he moved he started to hear raised voices, no longer cackling or giggling at him, if they had been in the first place as he thought about it. And those pinpricks along his skin, those might have been aftereffects of the beam of power they hit him with. When he had come to his nerves had been screaming at him, as if he was being hit by static on steroids. And  they were getting stronger as he moved down the hall.
Still Puck heard ALL his words.
‘I’ll keep doing it forever if that is your wish.’
Lowering his own voice, even as he lowered himself fully next to Dean. Pulling the hunter gently  against his chest once more, “He’s done for the night Sam. The fight pulled more out of him than he had to give, I can feel the energy drain.” He sighed wishing he could do more to help, he could heal his wounds, bring him back from the dead, but what Dean needed was sleep and food. Both those would be in short supply while they had a monster to kill.
But Dean was to far gone to listen, instead he was starting to hyperventilate at the thought of having wings. They were large for his frame, were they supposed to be that large? He had no idea. They nearly touched the ceiling and they weren’t even fully spread. He could make out the different types even if he didn’t actually know the names of them. Banana colored lesser coverts ran along the top of his wing, while the medium and greater secondary had a mix of lemon and light and dark canary. His secondaries and primaries was a mixture of corn and cream colored yellow.
Dean walked along the rim looking for a way to get down, Castiel following behind keeping an eye out for whatever might have lured them here. For lured they had been, no one trapped a being like the one, without a reason. Because they had been called, led and left to find this area, it had to be deliberate on someone’s part. Then he was distracted from what he was doing as Dean dropped in front of him. The ground simply appearing to melt under his feet.
The cops grabbing him and Charlie by the arms, lead them back to the main camp ground.
Standing he smiled at the two who had come to save his village. “Thank you Angels, please forgive me for being suspicious. As I think your ward is not fluent in español, I will speak inglés in return. We have had many troubles in the last week, please come with me and I will show you the latest to come since the unnatural storm last night.”
“Good, your loyal soldiers and I commend you for it. It brings you great honor. Now I must go and inform the Royals as to what is happening.” Turning he headed towards the door, stopping before going through to cast his gaze once more over the left overs of the Celestial Griffins. All had performed at the highest marks and they would be commended. He would be certain they received the best care and their families taken care of while they were injured.
“Dean drop me, I’m fine now.” He shouted up at the man holding him. His hunter did exactly that, knowing his mate was safe and fine, giving him the break he needed. Cass flew beside his man, making sure Sam was in one piece, before flying ahead to the source of the power he had felt earlier. “Mate follow me, I can feel a power coming from the mountains. It could be what attracted the trolls in the first place.” Though privately he didn’t think so, it had just shown up while they had been searching, the attacks had been going on for a few months.
‘It shouldn’t love, you are my everything and always will be. Now go to sleep mate, we have a lot to do tomorrow.’ Castiel whispered, rousing at the familiar thoughts of his hunter.
Continuing to gaze at him over his shoulder, voice deepening as he prepared to argue with his mate. “You know damn well we haven’t done yours yet and they need it more than mine do.”
Sam shook his head before going to the other room, setting his gear down on the bed he wouldn’t be using, he took their suits and hung them up in the closet. They would be heading out in an hour or so, once they had secured the rooms. Cocking his head to the side he listened for what was going on in the other room. Mostly Dean and Cass speaking, talking about who they wanted to talk to first vs exploring.
“Son of a bitch, the cops, can we avoid them?” Dean asked checking his gun, making sure the safety was on before tucking it back into his belt. Silver bullets worked on the bitch too, or so they hoped. The Neko looked over her left and right shoulders, growling in each direction before turning and heading back the way they had come. The group followed her, avoiding the people who were tracking them.
“If you think you are going to get away with not sleeping when we are hunting, you have another thing coming. Baby it’s okay, you can sleep when we are out, you need your rest. Sam and I can take turns standing watch. Or when it’s just us we’ll take turns. We just need to work together.” Dean rocked Cass gently, working on breaking through the barriers Cass was starting to put up to hide his shame. God he loved his Angel, loved everything about him, including when he made honest mistakes. It wasn’t like he didn’t make his fair share. “Castiel, please we’ll work more on it, and I am sorry I had to bring it up. But if I didn’t…”
With Sam’s help, Gabriel managed to get to the kitchen where he sat down heavily at the dining table. He was out of breath from the long walk and needed a few minutes to recover. So he watched as Sam started pulling out the ingredients needed to make pancakes. He also started the coffee machine, which he thought was a very good idea. They could both use a cup or two of the stuff. Placing both elbows on the table, he watched Sam move around the place, not realizing he was sporting a content smile as he watched him work. The man was so quick and clean, not wasting energy with movements unneeded. The way he made the batter, using a   box mix sure, but adding the buttermilk and blueberries together in ways which he was sure was going to be delightful.
Packing away his supplies, Puck placed what he needed in a carry sack. He needed to speak to the Fifth Company, it was their duty to watch over the Princes but even they needed information. As he was coming to suspect there was a leak in their circles, he could only trust himself to deliver the vital information they required. Waving his hand he opened a portal and disappeared to start his tasks.
It let out another long burst of glittery rainbow colored fairy dust, covering every available surface in the garage.
“Huge jutting jaw, large tusks and beady black eyes. Or at least they looked black, it was hard to see from the angle I was flying at.” The man was carving from a piece of old oak the form of a large black bear. Shavings dropping in a bucket before him to be used in the fire later.
“Bye jerk.” Sam responded back automatically.
Shaking her head, “No, it appears he is still linked to the Grace he had drained away. Wherever it is, it’s affecting him.”
Sam and Cass looked at each other, silent words passing between them. “You uh passed out Dean, Castiel said you over extended yourself.” He ran his eyes over his brother, checking him out from head to toe, not missing how tired he was, how he was slumping on the bed instead of sitting up. He had dark circles around his eyes, his lips were tight as he struggled to stay up. His wings though was the biggest indicator, since they were not neatly folded up, instead they were allowed to flop behind him. Dean needed a break, but none of them could afford to give him one right now.
Rolling his eyes, he shot up into the sky till those below him could no longer see him. Winging his way across the sky he headed towards the motel. While he didn’t mind riling his mate up, he also knew the man was worrying over him. Till he could reassure himself that Dean was okay he would continue to growl and glare.
“CASS!” His hunter bellowed in rage. “GET BACK HERE!”
Dean said nothing as he slowed on the road to let oncoming traffic pass, once it had he pulled into the surprisingly busy diner. There were no designated parking spots, it was nothing but gravel lot surrounding the typical style dinner found in millions of places in the United States. Worn brown siding which had seen better days 50 years prior, large picture window filled with advertisements for specials with checkered curtains. It had a wide wrap around deck made out of wood which had to hark back to when the dinner was first built.
SPNSPNSPN
“Not till morning baby, you need to be shown the error of your ways.” His chuckle was down right evil as his own electric eyes matched his green.
(The Ancient being met the eyes of the hunter, his own three foot tall eyes glowing with his freedom.)
Why these two couldn’t see what was truly before them boggled Sam. Cass needed Dean, desperately, even if he didn’t know it. Dean was his life line in this world, and Sam had no doubt Cass was Dean’s. With the way his brother went out of his way, to make sure the other man was taken care of in all ways. Hell Dean didn’t watch out for him like he did for Cass.
Shaking his head, the extra long feather in his ruby red hat shuffled in the breeze. “No, your highness, the defenses are still set to kill all Fae.”
Surprised at the odd phrasing Dean interrupted quickly, “Wait flying?”
“As you command my Lady.”
“Dean?” Sam called out annoyed eyes glaring at his older brother, they really had to get going.
Namely various locals that after they had done a job in the area, he and Dean had engaged in some naughty behavior. Sam had not been amused either at their scandalous acts either. Especially that one time in the town water fountain. Sure the water had exploded at three times its normal height when Dean had done that thing he loved with his tongue. So maybe he had to repair the fountain back to what it was before hand. Dean had wanted him and he wasn’t about to deny his hunter anything when it came to him.
“But you said I was yours.”
When Cass felt Dean slotting between his ass he hummed his approval but didn’t do much to encourage Dean to take him yet. He was enjoying the attention as Dean intended and hoped for. The more he relaxed his Angel the more likely it was Cass would forget all about Dean taking him. Which is what he wanted, which he was working for.
“Please god Cass let me come!” Candy apple green eyes blown wide in the dim lighting of their room pleaded with him to let him find his release.
He wasn’t happy, in fact he was far from pleased with his sister at the moment. She was not conceiving properly as he tried to fill her with his seed. It was not from lack of trying on his part, he had fucked her over and over, coming hard and heavy within her. She was drenched with his corrupted cream and yet she still refused to take. Or to be fair to his sister, her body was being difficult. Her screams of agony as he used her, pleased his ears of course, the way she moaned and shook as he pounded inside her tight never used channel before. But each time he tried to plant her body just refused to accept his rightful deposits.
Even now the Archangel was stirring in ways he was most familiar with, but he really wanted to get the laundry done. He had a very intense dream last night, filled with odd images of golden feathers, smokey amber eyes and a large tub of chocolate pudding with rainbow sprinkles. He didn’t remember much about the dream other than he had felt the most pleasurable sensations within his body itself. Like gentle sparks of passionate fire running up and down his spine, going right to his dick, making it strain for attention.
He had no intention of letting them, scanning the area he spotted the opening they were still pouring out of. Noticed the seething creature whose power was being used to keep the portal open. ‘So that is what those bastards wanted him for. Hmm wonder how happy they would be if he got loose.’ Gripping his out cold love tight to his shoulder, he didn’t hesitate to dive towards the opening. He flipped his Angle blade watching as it morphed in shape to that of a throwing lance made of golden holy light. ‘What the hell?’ Still he didn’t hesitate to launch it at what he suspected was the lode stone.
Rolling his purple eyes, the cat went and pressed his nose against the doorway Puck was trying to open. Flickers of silver moonlight started to rise from his coat, highlighting the spots his dark coat typically didn’t have. They fed into the impression he was pressed against, as the power transferred he snarled out of the side of his mouth.
They were distracted from any more conversation by the twin footsteps of the resident elder hunter and his stressed out Angel. Sam opened the door for them, before moving to the side and trying to stay as far away from his brother as possible. He could see how Castiel was twitching, eyes glowing and filled with trepidation. His entire being was vibrating for all to see, his shoulders tight to this body, stress lines creasing his face. The only reason why his hands were not opening and closing, was due to the fact he was holding a box filled with the items they would need for the spell.
“My Lord, I have sent wood sprites, dryads and anthousai to see to the forest. There was no stopping the humans from seeing the loss of habitat, but in three days time the forest should be restored with the minimum of new plant growth. In a months time the trees should be at sapling status. We did not wish to lose the land to erosion or foul weather.”
SPNPSPNSPN
‘Not yet, stopped at a book store, can you look through my eyes and tell me what I’m seeing here?’
Gabriel had been so pissed because it was a one chance deal. His one chance over, he had to step back and let Puck try to kill him.
Narrowing his eyes at the news, this is all he didn’t need, them back up in the woods which his people were still studying the side effects of. “Excuse me? How did they get up there? Did they drive?”
Sam looked over at Castiel too, seeing how tightly he was holding onto Dean’s wing. It had to be painful, what with the white knuckle grip he was using, but Dean was saying nothing about it. Trying to help out anyway he could think of, “Could I say the words instead Dean? You just tell them to me? It would probably help Cass out.”
There was no power in the room, understandable as it was an energy source and there was something out there sucking energy out of everything. Plus the storm probably took out the lines earlier. Still he could see perfectly fine and quickly made his way to the bed, laying Dean gently down. He turned when he felt heat hitting his back, seeing how the lady was starting to light a few candles.
“Dear Goddess what happened next.” Already he was redoing plans in his head, trying to decide how they would rescue the Prince’s Consort.
“What if you tried using my eyes to read this one…”
Course there might be one other thing that made him feel even more loved and cherished. That was when Dean consented to being one with him, entering him slowly and carefully as they physically shared their love. To watch and see Dean leaning over him, sheltering him with his body even as he sheltered Dean within his own. To feel his shaft breach him, join them together in the closes way possible. It was his true version of heaven. Sure the hot and heavy times together were fun, awesome in fact. But those times when they took their time, didn’t rush their joining were the best, to feel his mate as he moved within him, to know Dean knew he was safe with him. Oh he loved those times.
At that moment the Hvac decided to reward his revelation in the only way it could.
All they saw was his limp, half naked, brightly glowing body.
Dusk was settling, but that didn’t stop Dean’s wings from changing hues. No they continued to grow brighter as more people wished for light. People were starting to make camp fires, fix dinners and as was expected, a few getting drunk. Dean and Cass had decided they would do one last circuit of the camp, keeping their eyes open and weapons ready in case some monster decided to attack. They had found a few signs but not enough yet to act on it. They would go out in the morning to hunt whatever it was.
Swallowing as he picked up a shaft best left to not knowing what it actually was made of, he poked the barely moving pile. The only response was an exhaling of foul sickness blasting at him as the cover was disturbed. This time Sam did puke as his system was over whelmed with all the different scents. Heaving everything he had eaten that morning, last night and for good measure the morning before, it was some minutes before he could regain control of himself.
Oh shit.
“Dean, come on she needs help. She wouldn’t call just for something frivolous.” Sam gave him his most convincing look. Full blown puppy eyes, with pout thrown in for good measure.
Munching on his apple, he wandered the halls, coughing every once in a while from dead fairy dust, he started his search. Honestly he couldn’t wait to get rid of his wings in some respects, one being he could actually crawl into the ventilation system and start vacuuming out all the gunk. Sam couldn’t crawl in there the big moose was to large to squeeze through. Don’t even get him started on Castiel either, because he was sure the man would get lost, and he would end up having to crawl in looking for him anyway.
“Good, then I’m going to go freshen up and start again.” Dimpling she patted him on the cheek before leaving.
“Thanks man. And good job staying clear, I would suggest you continue to do so till we kill whatever it is out there.”
Dean gave her a long look, not fooled by her chirpy nature. She was up to something, but the food in his belly, the fight, the purging of his system had left him with little energy. A nap sounded damn good actually. So lowering himself to the mattress, laying on his right side away from the cave entrance, he closed his eyes falling asleep in just a few moments.
Nodding her head, she continued to thank him for answering their prayers, till Cass shut the door in her face. Blowing his breath out in a deep exhale, he pushed himself off the door and headed back over to his mate. Pressing a hand to his forehead, he closed his own eyes as he searched for what was causing Dean such distress. Going deep, he frowned unable to find what was taking his energy directly. There was nothing acting like a leech sucking his power away from him. It seemed more like just being in the area and breathing the air was all that was needed. Pursing his lips, he reached for his own Grace, sending it deep into Dean. Once done, he placed a new ward around Dean, one which would create a thin barrier between him and whatever power was affecting the land. Powered by the Grace in his system, it should protect Dean from whatever was going on. Or at least long enough to allow them to discover and kill whatever the problem was.
Dean started at the crown of his head, kissing each hair, parting them with his tongue and throughly messing up an already crazy style. Cass quivered under him, excited and pleased as he felt his mate kissing him. He could feel it every nerve ending focused on Dean with laser precision.
Annoyed he still went with the excuse. “Yeah, hopefully he’ll like these better.”
Dean glared at his brother, Crimson and Royal flames flaring behind him. “Sam what the hell were you thinking of? I don’t want to go out with the geeks, not with these damn things on my back.” He threw a thumb behind him.
‘I know but there is something about this storm, I can feeling it as it is affecting even my senses. There is something powerful behind it, the flashes of light are starting to effect even my eyes.’ He didn’t wait for an answer, not that he thought he would get one. Dean was starting to fade, something in the air draining the energy of everything around. He knew he was expending more energy than what he normally would for such a storm. Feeding Grace into his mate, needing to bolster his own flagging energy, he flew faster as the town came closer. He needed to find a place they could spend the night, start looking in the morning for the cause of all this unnatural disorder.
“This.” Castiel hissed out before dropping to his knees, puling Dean’s jeans and shorts down with him before burrowing between his firm globes. Dean cried out as a familiar tongue began doing all sorts of sinful things to his ass.
“But Sam he is not wearing the same thing as I am.” He complained once more, even as his eyes swept over the assembly, searching for anything strange. Hmm three humans, couldn’t tell if they were male or female, dressed like fried green warthogs? Or what about that extremely tall one, he had never seen a human with two extra heads, painted completely blue with pink tentacles coming out of his nipples? Where did humanity go so wrong?
“Very, Dean is very protective of Cass and doesn’t like to see him upset. And Cass adores Dean, the fact he is so upset over Dean trying to help his brother doesn’t sit well with him.” Sam had seen in the few hours they had been home and dealing with their latest complication, how unhappy Castiel had been with himself. He hated the fact he couldn’t stand Dean being with his older brother but had no idea as to why. It was the not knowing which was driving him insane.
“Yes, Sir we did.”
Which was enough to set Castiel’s protective instincts into overdrive. The Angel stepped towards where he could smell his mate, placing a protective hand on his shoulder, he pulled Dean behind him. Then started snarling in rapid fired words his hunter had no hope of understanding. The cat responded back in the same tone, not putting up with a stupid human or a stupid Angel who couldn’t even last one single night of travel.
“Absolutely not! There is no way on this earth I would ever wear something like that!”
“I’m not sure, he’s been complaining a lot more lately about us being together. When we first mated, he was all over us being over each other. Now he seems more annoyed.” He looked at the door as if he could see his brother on the other side.
Castiel, Angel of the Lord watched horrified as the Manananggal used Dean as a human shield, pulling him up in an instant to try and block what was coming. Not that it did her any good, his Grace reduced her to atoms in seconds. But it didn’t matter to him, he had destroyed the last good thing in his life, the only good thing in his existence. Destroyed it because he lost control of his emotions, let his heart instead of his head control his powers. His eyes widened as he realized what had happened to him.
He suspected it had to do with the elves and or the fae, due to them interfering so much in their lives when they had yet to mate. Every time they had shot him his powers had gone to hell along with his emotions. His suspicions were furthered by the fact his wings had been restored to their former glory, and at full power no less after mating. Whether it was the dust, the shots of fairy magic or a combination but he had questions, which if he ever got his hands on those little bastards he would be receiving answers to.
“God damn it.” Still Dean crawled out of bed, getting dressed because he could feel his stomach complaining pretty shrilly. He watched as Cass threw on his own favorite pair of jeans, causing him to growl. When he saw Cass’s smug little smirk he growled even louder.
Snarling at the glowing tower of power, sitting on the pedestal he had managed to have it moved from, it was little consolation to know he could move it at all. The light fluctuated randomly at times, or at least it looked random to him. But he had a feeling it was still responding to its former master’s wishes. Sometimes it changed brightness, going duller, and those times he smiled grimly, thinking it was the Archangel regretting the loss of his essence. Other times it glowed so brightly even he could not gaze at it for fear of blinding him. Those were the worst for it meant he was sure the bastard was happy and joyful even with the loss of his power. The being hated the fact Gabriel might be even now learning to live without his power, at least till he could return and try and claim it. Which he would do everything in his power to prevent.
Petting his head as he held Dean close. “Yes, I love your wings, but I love you more. Your happiness with yourself is what we are talking about. And Dean I loved you even before you had wings. I’ll love you still when they are gone.”
Placing his lunch box on the shelf of his locker, he started unbuttoning his shirt in preparation for putting on his work outfit. Removing it, he had just pulled his arms through the work shirt, shrugging it over his shoulders when he felt a breeze behind him. Turning his eyes grew alarmed to see the large black portal in the spot the wall had been a moment before. Before he could jump back, he was hit with over a dozen sharp pricks against his skin. Instantly he felt his strength draining from him, leaving him weak and helpless. Hands reached for him dragging him to wherever it was they hailed from. His last though was what the hell were these creatures.
Bowing a final time, “It shall be as you request. I will start immediately.”
Looking the Angel and his ward up and down carefully, he nodded with conviction. “Very well, we shall keep you in our prayers and ask God to watch over you both. Please save my people and if there is anything we can do to help do not hesitate to ask.”
“I think this place needs to be wiped from the face of the earth. I didn’t even know a place like this existed.” He growled truthfully. “If I had the power to do so I would smite it into oblivion. The evil and corruption permeating the area is astronomical.” Frankly what he wanted to do was grab Dean and hightail it someplace safe and hidden from any who might threaten his hunter.
There was a voice on the other end, Sam could barely hear what was said. It lasted a few more minutes before she put the radio away. “Okay Chief says to bring them both in. He is redirecting the parties to this area.” She turned to Sam and Charlie. “We’ll find your brother and bring him in too. If you have any sense you’ll tell him to surrender himself.”
“Saa Saamm… Sam, what would you like?” Erik needed to get away from the man with the glowering nightmare eyes. The longer he was in his presence, the stronger the feeling he was only a few inches away from dismemberment. Or being turned into a urinal cake, which was weird.
‘I know I don’t like it either. I am sorry.’ His voice was apologetic, but underneath there was a hint of anticipation.
And as was always the case, when it came to the man who he raised from hell itself, so many years ago, he surrendered. Closing the distance between them, he leaned in whispering his own words. “I’m sorry Dean.”
“I’m fine Dean…” He tried to take back his request, he really didn’t want to deal with the pleasant ramifications which came from grooming. More he didn’t want to let down his guard, not while he enjoyed having his ass reamed by his more than willing hunter. And it was extremely hard to keep a look out for danger, when he was down on all fours, eyes closed tight while his mate’s thick, hard cock was busy claiming him, as was right and proper.
Standing he snapped, “What the hell? Why would she say something like that? Where is the Consort now?” Turning he spotted the Scout Master who had led him here. “YOU come here!”
“It appears they have found themselves in the middle of a bank robbery.” He stated quickly, seeming to realize the foul mood both elves were in.
“No Sam, where would Cass or you sit? It only fits two people, the trunk barely will hold our gear.”
Send me a comment if you do.
SPNSPNSPN
Then there was the House of Healing dedicated to studying all manner of wounds, illnesses and hurts of those who needed it. Similar to the Tri-Towers, it was home to extensive collections of anything and everything to do with healing. While Elves had a very high level of natural healing magic in their systems, not all those members of the Fae were similarly blessed.  Those Elves who had a deeper need to heal found themselves gravitating to its soothing walls, quiet halls and ongoing battle to preserve life. Course as their House of Healing grew in knowledge, power, and care other Fae came who had similar needs to help their fellow members of the Fairy kind. All were welcome to come, but if one wished to study or teach they needs must attend many years of classes and prove they were competent to control the power held within. Even those who were at war with the factions who ruled their lands were welcome provided they understood they would live for many years under escort till it was proved they meant no harm.
While he knew Dean preferred Cass to speak his mind, to not hold anything back there were a few things Cass was always careful of. One being to make sure he never intentionally hurt Dean to the point of true pain. His hunter had enough pain in his life, he sure as shit didn’t need to get more from his mate. Two he also at times watched his words, keeping certain things back so Dean wouldn’t feel guilty or responsible when things went wrong. Dean carried a lot of burdens, willingly and unwillingly, and he had no intention to ever add to it. Taking Dean as rough as he had, speaking the way he did, if Dean wasn’t in the right mind set could throw him and Castiel would be devastated he had done such a thing to his love accidentally. His mate’s next words alleviated those worries.
“Yes but only because of Lady Celithralith.”
“Dude Gabriel is a dick, just a little blackmail material in case he gets snotty later.” Sam rolled his eyes but didn’t say anything more. Putting his phone away he glanced down the hill at the various cars all bracketing in his. He smirked cause he was sure they were highly frustrated they couldn’t break into his car. He honestly loved it that Cass had figured out how to ward his baby, it was a lot easier to sleep in motels knowing it was going to be there the following day unharmed.
“Yeah Cass it says here trolls don’t believe in Christianity, so they might have a natural resistance to holy or heavenly magic. You could hit them with everything you got, and might not do much or anything. Says in the lore they have a lot of resistances to natural and supernatural elements.” Sam informed him as he took his laptop back and began reading more.
She shook her head, “Not this time Puck for we know you also are dealing with the Second Son’s Consort and he is most difficult to deal with. But we expect you to remember our generosity is not to be taken lightly.”
“It appears this beast is to be our guide. He has been tasked with taking us into the jungle, to show us the source of the unrest which has befallen the area.”
‘Cass, listen…’ He tried to explain in a very soft tone.
With a crash of wings, their resident Angel landed next to his mate. Wrapping Dean in his arms, he sniffed to make sure all was well with him. He was so focused on his mate he didn’t realize the other being was still there, alive next to Sam. Dean tilted his head to the side, knowing Castiel needed to reassure himself before he could focus on anything else.
“Yes, and it appears to be attacking Gabriel’s Grace. When it flares up, you are the one burning it out and giving your brother a chance to recover.”
“Fine but they don’t need grooming as much as yours do.” Cass sighed as he shook out his wings from where they were tightly furled along his spine. It wasn’t he didn’t like it when Dean groomed his wings, the opposite in fact. He loved it very much, but when Dean did groom them, he had a tendency to get very horny and in need of a good ass pounding from his mate.
They had to pause a few times as they made their way to the Queen’s tent. People were still talking about what had taken place nearly an hour earlier. Many were looking for them, especially since their car was still in the lot. Sam was going to have to go and move it, but for now he was staying away so he didn’t get caught. Waiting for one of the groups to pass by, Sam watched his brother, could see how broken he was, even if he was trying to hide it. He would try talking to Cass, maybe he could get more out of him, but he doubted it. Only Dean could get Cass to speak when he decided to be silent. Or Cass could worm words out of Dean he would hesitate to say to Sam. Truly they were a pair.
He was not disappointed as he found road maps ranging in age from 100 to 10 years ago. Checking them out he wasn’t disappointed to see old roads, trails, even rail lines through the selection. Best of all they were from all parts of North and South America, including quite a few he remembered from jobs past. If he had had these then it would have been a hell of a lot easier to find those old forgotten roads. He picked up all the ones he could find, including a few in Europe though he hoped he never had to go there. Course Cass could just fly them over so maybe having them won’t be so bad. The roads over there could be even harder to find in many parts.
Returning the glare Cass debated arguing more, but his own wing tips were starting to brighten with angry hues. Dean was growing annoyed but also worried. He had plenty of experience to fall back on when Cass tried to ignore his own welfare. He knew many times Cass was trying to punish himself for some prior sin which he didn’t want to go into.
Deciding to ask a serious question, possibly getting a strong clear direction in regard to his friend’s thoughts towards him . “Cass mind if I ask you a question?”
“Okay next up for our Date a Hunter for Charity is one DEAN WINCHESTER.” Garth announced happily.
“Damn it. I’m a fucking idiot!”
More snappish than he normally would be with the younger man, “I know Sam but if I wake him to fast, he’ll have an Angel Grace induced migraine. You know what happened last time. Zachariah really messed with his head and he was out for a full day.”
Dean then slammed into his Angel one more time, as he glued their lips together, swallowing his mate’s ROAR as he came, Dean feeling his own climax hitting him. Their feelings of love and devotion rushing through their profound bond, filling all nooks and crannies once again as they expressed how much they loved. The lighting replacing the thunder they had experienced yesterday with their difficulties.
It was the people clapping and cheering, along with a few wolf whistles which finally pulled them apart. Suddenly shy Dean grabbed Cass’s take home bag in one hand, keeping the other linked through his mate’s and dragged the Angel to the door. Sam with a huge grin on his face followed the pair of them.
Rowena allowed herself to be led away from the situation room, but she wasn’t going to be quiet about what was going on. Since she had arrived she had seen how Dean never came close to Gabriel, many times not even staying in the hallway. It was odd and it was annoying being kept in the dark about something so interesting. Not to mention if there was some problem going on between the boys, it could also potentially affect Gabriel and his recovery.
Frustrated brick, cardinal and coral reds streaked down his wings. Which wasn’t surprising considering who it was coming from. So of course Sam happily continued with his well meaning mischief. Dean’s wings instantly sliding into colors of corn, canary and daffodil. Damn it, wonder if they could tune those wings to be a bit less sensitive to emotions?
Sam grimaced as another thought entered his head, one he really hated visualizing as he had a feeling it wouldn’t be Dean’s HANDS which would be full. But it would be up to Dean to calm Cass down, he had other things he needed to worry about.
Cass was starting to get irritated, he needed to get Dean settled so he could discover what was affecting him. Calling on his power he displayed his shadowed wings against the walls of the motel lobby. Not surprised when she gasped in shock and started muttering and crossing herself. “Soy un ángel, Este es mi barrio, Necesito llevarlo a un lugar tranquilo por la noche." (I’m an Angel, this is my ward, I need to get him someplace quiet for the night.)
“So tell me about him.” The younger hunter asked as he worked.
Enjoy, lots of adult thoughts, though no actual sex.
“Thank god.” Dean turned his signal on and pulled over to the side as best he could, the shoulder was mostly gravel and then ditch. At least his gun was still tucked behind him and the rest of the weapons of course were in the trunk.
“They have? Any reason as to why?” This was even more worrisome and would require his attention along with everything else. He was really starting to think he needed a vacation. To bad he didn’t have the time to take one, not with all the turmoil going on.
Watching his mate like a falcon he saw the precise moment he was waiting for. ’Come for me mate, come for me now!’ He demanded, quickly stroking his own cock as he purred and hummed deeply around the shaft.
“My Lord the information you requested about the Consort.”
With screeches of souls being purged from holy men, they flew into the night, set to continue the plans set in place by their siblings.
Starting the bike once more, Sam followed Cass’s directions, weaving between trunks till he was practically on top of his out cold brother. “DEAN!” He slammed on the brakes, letting the bike drop as he jumped off. Reaching out for his brother, he gently placed his hand on his neck, checking his pulse.
He straightened instantly, jerking his hand off the back of Sam’s chair, and did his arm feel sunburned? Shaking he reached for his pad of paper to take their order. Swallowing heavily he nodded at Gabriel’s question. “Yesss… err… yes sir, Erik, yeah that’s me, how may I help you?”
Settling down onto a moss covered outcrop, ignoring the splashes coming from the trickling spring water wandering down the side of the mountain. Cass perched Dean against his chest, checking his heart, breathing and energy levels. They were still so much lower than what he was happy with, Dean needed to recover and forcing him to march was not going to help. With a final glare at the younger Winchester, the Angel placed his hand on Dean’s head, focusing his power. He had pulled Dean under deep enough so he couldn’t wake up unless compelled. It was the only way to ensure he didn’t wake up when in a particularly tricky part of the trail. Concentrating he found the sleeping spark which was Dean’s personality. Gently coaxing it to the surface, he held Dean tightly so when he realized he was sitting down he didn’t go spilling over the cliff edge.
“Yes, Dean, I can see that.” Sam rolled his eyes at his brother, before turning towards the door and walking out.
Watching as the girls used their tongues, hands, feet, and everything in between had done nothing for him. All he could picture is what a tall, devilishly handsome… wait no, he was not going to think about his asshole of an older brother… a tall, adorably handsome, evergreen eyed hunter could do with his tongue. What he could do with his hands and everything in between. Then he started to think about what HE could do with his tongue, his hands and everything in between. The sounds he would make, the way he would look as he was nibbled and licked. Saliva glistening on those roses buds he could feel under Sam’s very thin shirts. The way his cock would no doubt be large, thick and powerful, able to bring him to heights of passion he had never reached. Sam’s hands roaming all over his body, mapping with nails and teeth all his various nooks and crannies. Swallowing him down… and he better stop this train of thought or he was going to embarrass himself. He sure as shit did NOT want to try and explain what he had been doing to spill his own jizz all over his sweat pants.
The elder Winchester had no interest in claiming Castiel, not in the state he was. Not when he wasn’t thinking properly and needed to find a way to distract him. Because no matter what Castiel said, he loved him too much to take advantage of him, to use him rather than they enjoy each other. So he needed to come up with a way to give Cass what he thought he wanted, without going all the way. It wouldn’t be pleasant or right for Dean to take his mate when he wasn’t in control of himself and truly able to enjoy their physical joining. Hot monkey sex was all fun and good, but while the Angel thought he knew what he needed, Dean knew better. Knew if he took his partner the way he was now, it would taint their love making for some time to come. Instead he would calm his frantic man and give him what he truly needed.
“IT WAS YOUR JOB TO MAKE SURE SHE WAS!” Puck wasn’t going to suffer the fool any longer. Snapping his fingers the dryad shrunk down, his shape morphing into that of a long shaft with a bulbous head. Slightly curved at the top of its 14 inch length, the base sported two large round knobs. With artistic swirls along the shaft it was a true living piece of work. “Maybe staying in this form for the next thousand years will teach you your place.” The Royal Factor sneered with spite. Turning to the dryad’s second in command. “You, you are now in charge, see that this worthless woodcock is given to the Duke of Rilmawiel’s wife. She could really use something to satisfy her when her husband is in the smithy.”
“If you want you can take this to him, unless you want me to?” He raised an eyebrow but his eyes twinkled.
“We understand Sire and will take precautions.” Oh yeah, already he was looking forward to this new challenge, just like his men were. They needed to focus and what better way then doing what they had trained for centuries to do.
She cried out joyfully as she landed in his arms. Circling three times she sat proudly in his shocked still limbs, the gun forgotten for the moment. Purring was soon heard as she made her pleasure known to all those in the tent. The rest of those inside blinked at the sudden change and entrance of the feline. So it took a few moments for their minds to catch up to them.
“We keep an eye on him and hope what is left of his Grace is enough to regenerate itself. I’ll keep burning whatever is trying to invade out, let him save his strength for recovering.” He placed his hand once more on Gabe’s forehead, frowning as the feeling of wrongness starting to creep in once more.
He glanced up when he heard Castiel moving, wondering what was going on he stood and came to his side. Bare arm brushing against his Angel’s overcoat, he watched as their friends returned. From the looks on their face they had sorted many things. Hopefully one would be food.
He went to sleep with a content smile, knowing his mate was even now keeping him safe.
Framing his face with his hands, Cass gave him a chaste kiss. ‘Thank you Dean, thank you so much for giving me what I needed, rather than tainting what I wanted. I love you so much.’
Kissing him lightly against his neck, sighing as he forcibly tried to relax himself. ‘Thank you Dean, I love you.’
SPNSPNSPN
Their Master was known for never forgiving failure.
Startled at the question, he looked down at the comatose Angel and realized yeah he kinda did want to carry him. “Yeah I will, let me grab his shoulders.” A little shuffling and the younger brother had him in his arms. “Lead the way Cass.” Circling around, for while he had an idea as to what room Dean wanted him in, Cass would be able to take him directly to it.
It was suppose to be a 5-10K crack fic as I have stated many times. But honestly I love this story more. Because I just love stories which have happy endings with lots of action adventure and some good angst.
Puck nodded his head agreeing instantly, “But sometimes needs must with the Devil drives.”
