Dean goes to say something, but stops as he sees that Jack looks visibly upset at the idea of having to take down everything. He doesn't want to make the kid upset, but.... But he just doesn't want all these damn decorations up.
“Come on then, Dean.” Castiel says. “I want you.” He pulls Dean down onto him more, and crashes their lips together in a heated kiss.
“Anyway, Jack.” Dean says. “We gotta go off to the store to buy a few things, and Cas an’ I thought it would be a good idea if you came out with us.”
"Right, I'm gonna get something to eat, then..." Dean starts, trailing off as he finally gets a good look around the library.
Not long after their activities, Dean had fallen asleep, leaving Castiel laying back on the bed next to him wide awake as he stares at the ceiling. He feels as though he should go apologize to Sam soon about his strategy in keeping Dean busy.
Hearing footsteps approaching the map room, Sam spins around, ready to get all defensive in case it’s Dean, but he relaxes as he sees it’s just his mother, Mary.
"I think we have almost everything." Jack says, looking from the shopping list, to the items in the cart as he mentally checks off each item. "It seems like we have everything except for a couple things."
"H-he did what?" Sam asks, his tears already starting to fall. Castiel is gone, and it's permanent this time. He never got the chance to say goodbye, or try to prevent it.
As soon as Dean and Castiel return to the bunker, all Dean really wants to do is sleep. Not so much cause he's exhausted from the case, which was rather uneventful, aside from the fact they've discovered a new breed of vampire that's on
“Great.” Sam nods. “That should give us some time before Dean comes out and starts complaining about all of these decorations.” He says. “What about Jack?”
Sam sighs, sitting back in his seat as he watches Dean stalk around the library, glaring at all the Christmas decorations. Though he doesn't make a move to tear any of them down.
decorate the bunker. That's... not exactly what he was expecting to hear.... At least it's not that Eileen is pregnant....
“Dean!” He calls out anyway, hoping he can hear him over the music. “Dean, it’s Cas. Can you open the door for me please? My arms are full.”
Castiel nods. "Maybe..." He shakes his head, before moving closer to the bodies to get a better look. "These are vampire killings, right?"
“I’m drinking, Cas.” Dean says, holding up his beer. “And you’re not supposed to drink and cook at the same time.”
They've still got other stuff in the trunk of the Impala if they haven't packed enough. Baby is always packed and ready to go gank some monsters.
But decorating the bunker in Christmas decorations that he can only assume is going to make the bunker look like Rudolf threw up everywhere? No thank you. He
The library that’s covered in Christmas decorations…. Thankfully it doesn’t appear to be a lot though, but Dean still doesn’t like it. But he’s agreed to leave them up for mom and Jack.
side (Dean's still unsure how he feels about that), but simply because he misses his bed. And he has been driving for a few hours to get home.
“Um, yes.” Castiel nods, looking over at Mary. “I uh, I hope they taste alright. I think I may have added a little too much garlic in the patties.”
Jack's beaming at the praise and feeling rather proud of himself for finding out what creature is that Dean and Castiel are hunting. Now alls needed is to inform them of this.
Although a real tree would look much nicer, a fake one is just as good and cheaper. It's not like they
He hands the file over to Mary, who's quick to read through it. "I guess that's why we've never heard of them before."
However, he is very much excited to hear that Jody has promised to bring food with her. That woman can cook, and Dean absolutely
Dean walks over to Jack's bed, looking down at the laptop screen. "Hey, you're watching Buffy!" He says. "I don't think I've watched that in years."
Taking a seat on the bed next to Dean, Castiel grabs one of the bottles of beer. “What is really so bad about decorating the bunker for Christmas, Dean?”
Castiel looks at Sam over Dean’s shoulder, signalling him that he can go and do what he needs to while he keeps Dean busy. He’ll have to apologize to Sam for his strategy to distract Dean, but it seems to work, as Sam practically bolts down the hall.
“And I keep telling you, Dean.” Castiel starts, setting the food and beer down on the bed. “I don’t have a need for a room. I don’t sleep.”
But Castiel doesn’t move from his spot. There’s something else he’d rather do before they do any cooking, and that’s have a shower. The pair of them aren’t exactly clean at present.
be drying off himself, but he just can't help but watch Dean. he's deeply infatuated by Dean Winchester, and he doesn't regret it for a second. It doesn't help that Dean is very attractive - which
Jack’s not left the bunker in weeks (at least as far as Dean knows), and Dean thinks it’s about time he goes out and gets some fresh air. The kid has been spending too much time inside watching any and every movie and TV show he can find on all of the streaming services they’ve got hooked up in the bunker.
Sam smiles at Castiel, glad to hear that the angel is down for celebrating and decorating the bunker. At least, that's what he gathers from what he had said. It's what it sounds like, so he's assuming he's up for it.
with it exactly.” Dean says, shoving a fork full of pie into his mouth. “I just don’t want the bunker to be decorated in Christmas shit is all.” He shrugs. “I mean, I’m all for getting Jody and the girls around and having a big dinner, but decorating? Not happening.”
Jack nods, pausing the episode on his laptop as he gets up, moving to get his shoes and a jacket on. “Okay.”
Or... maybe he'll be able to tolerate it if it's nothing too overboard if Sam insists they need to decorate.... But he's not going to admit that just yet. Not even to Castiel.
He doesn't mean to be all grouchy, but it's early. Too fucking early for his liking. Maybe if they had waited another hour or two to wake him up he'd feel more cheerful.
Though they still need to get a tree. And they may need Castiel’s help in getting one, whether that be by him keeping Dean occupied, or him helping to get a tree, Sam’s not sure yet. He’ll figure that out later. Maybe if Castiel is keeping Dean busy while they decorate, they can try to get Crowley to help them get a tree instead.
much.” Dean says, as he scrolls through the selection of movies available. “Maybe a horror movie. What do you think?”
what Castiel’s warning is if he even thinks about taking anything down. “You’ll lock me in the dungeon with no pie until Christmas is over.” He sighs, shaking his head. “But it doesn’t mean I have to like it.”
"No, it's not." Sam chuckles, watching as Dean tries to shove the end of the candy cane into Castiel's mouth in an attempt to get him to try it. "I think it's supposed to be a gag gift. Eileen and I found them at the store and decided to buy them for Dean."
He needs to have a word with them for buying Christmas decorations when he had told them not to. They went behind his back and bought them anyway, and he's not happy about it.
At that, Castiel raises an eyebrow, folding his arms as he tilts his head to the side a little. “Dean, you
"No, not quite." Dean shakes his head. He grabs his phone out of his pocket, pulling up Sam's contact. "I'll give Sam a call. See if he, mom, and Jack can check out the books in the bunker." He says. "Maybe the Men of Letters had encountered something like this before."
The two dead bodies drained of all their blood aren't human, but werewolves. So they appear to be dealing with some sort of vampire that feeds on werewolf blood...?
He's glad he didn't end up wasting six bucks on those candy canes, especially when they don't exactly have money. They don't get paid for hunting after all. All the money they have is from credit card frauds, and won from poker games.
“Cas…” Sam starts, once Castiel has stowed the shadow of his wings away. “Is there a way to fix them?”
Though wanting to celebrate Christmas he gets, even if he's not so sure he likes the sound of that. When have they ever properly celebrated Christmas anyway?
Sam nods, getting up. “Okay, well I’ll go talk to mom and Eileen.” He says. “See if they have any ideas on what we should make… or at least attempt to make.”
But he's not sure how much jelly he needs to make. They might have gone a little overboard with buying jelly. Ten boxes seems a little excessive, but they had a hard time at the store choosing which flavours to get, so they settled on getting one of each. It's just a good thing they were fairly inexpensive.
thinks fortunately) burgers will be off the menu for Christmas dinner, even though it’s literally one of the only things the Winchesters can make well.
Truthfully, he doesn't mind it when Castiel stares, but they've got something else that needs to be done instead of staring at each other in the showers. They need to make some food, cause he's hungry.
Castiel can’t help but let out a soft laugh. Of course Dean is hungry. “Well how about I attempt to make you a burger?”
And he can never resist his angel, so he kisses him back. Although, he’s not entirely sure what brought this on, though he can guess. But he doesn’t care, as he pulls Castiel closer to him, and trails kisses down Castiel’s neck as the angel rubs their crotches against each other, causing him to completely forget Sam standing behind him staring at him with wide eyes.
"Morgue first, then talk with the victim's families." Dean says around a mouthful of burger. "But if it's just a couple of vamps, then this case will be a piece of cake, and we can get back home in no time." He says. "But I swear to god if Sam's put up any decorations while we're gone..."
Dean doesn't react, just continues to stare off into nothing. He barely pays any attention to Sam and Jack, and he can't bring himself to even tell them what happened. Saying it out loud will only just make it even more real.
Sam nods. He doesn’t see much point in bothering Jack right now if the kid is happy watching puppy videos on his laptop for now. Jack will be fine on his own anyway, but he’ll go see the kid later and tell him what’s going on after they’ve got all the Christmas decorations hidden somewhere where Dean can’t find them and dispose of them.
awake and busy before. Christmas morning has arrived, and everyone is up and in the kitchen either cooking or preparing food for lunch.
He needs to tell Cas that he loves him too. Just believing in the chance that Cas has always known isn't enough.
Glancing over his shoulder, he finds Dean with everything else they need out on the table, and is busy cutting up an onion.
At Mary's words, Jack smiles. He's glad to hear that Mary thinks he did a good job. Although he thinks he could possibly do something else to make it look a bit better, but he'll figure it out later, as he moves onto decorating a different part of the library.
They've never had the chance to celebrate Christmas before as they've had bigger things to worry about, but Jack is fairly certain that pasta isn't really a dish that you'd normally have during Christmas. At least, in all the TV shows and movies he's watched that either are Christmas themed or have a Christmas episode they never have pasta.
when he doesn't want any Christmas decorations up, and Castiel is assuming that means a Christmas tree too.
Castiel looks over to the pair of them, nodding. “Okay.” He says. “I’ll make sure Dean doesn’t lock you both out of the bunker.”
If only this was all just some bad dream, and when he wakes up Cas will still be here. But when does he ever get what he wants? When do
But now, with everyone seated around the table in the library, with all the food and drink set out in front of them, everyone - including Dean - has a very merry Christmas in the bunker.
Sam has just called them, informing them that they've found out what it seems to be they're hunting. A cobiescu vampire.
Maybe when the time comes to decorate the bunker, he can talk Castiel into taking Dean out somewhere. Where exactly, is up to him, just as long he keeps Dean occupied long enough for them to get all the decorations up.
Dean's interest perks up at Sam's words, and he watches as Sam leaves the library to go grab whatever it is that he and Eileen had found. He's definitely interested to see what Sam had found for him.
Although he has a slight worry that he added too much garlic and maybe a little bit more herbs than he was supposed to…. But Dean didn’t really tell him how much to use, so he hopes they’re okay.
Sam has just come to him asking if he can distract Dean for the next few hours while he and Eileen go out to get a Christmas tree. But Castiel isn't entirely sure how Sam is wanting him to distract Dean.
There's no point in trying to get his own way with all this. Not when everyone else disagrees with him.
"Alright, here we go." Dean says, parking up the impala on the street outside the morgue. He looks over at Castiel. "You ready?"
Dean hums, pulling Castiel in close, peppering kisses on his cheek and down his neck. He absolutely feels like he’s in a better mood now, although he’d be in an even better mood if they did more than just blowjobs. But the main thing is that Castiel agreed to do at least
work to keep him occupied while Sam went to hide the Christmas decorations he and Eileen had gone out to buy after all. What he
By the time lunchtime has rolled around, everything is done, and the table in the library is set, the kitchen is an absolute mess. But that’s a problem for later. They’ll deal with the mess after everyone has eaten. For now though, the hunters, the angel, and the young nephilim are getting ready for the Christmas lunch.
"Well, you're not wrong." Dean says, having to agree with Castiel on that. It does taste rather strange, but he likes it. "You want one, Sam?"
And as soon as Sam has hung up, Dean turns to Castiel, finding his angel still deep in thought. Dean's not entirely sure on what, but he thinks it may have something to do with that woman who works at the morgue.
As Sam says an angel on top, Castiel backs away a little. They put angels on top of Christmas trees?
Sam looks from Dean to Castiel in surprise. He wasn't expecting Castiel to have been the one to make them, and it seems everyone else is surprised to hear it too.
As Jack looks through the bags the decorations were in, he finds that Mary is right. There's not many left in any of the bags. But it's likely that Sam and Eileen will buy more decorations while they're out getting the tree, because what they have already is certainly not enough.
“Sam, I hope you’re not planning on putting me on top of any Christmas trees.” Castiel says, narrowing his eyes at the youngest Winchester.
Castiel has to agree with Sam there. Going behind Dean's back to buy Christmas decorations to decorate the bunker is nowhere near as big a deal to anything else they've pulled. It's like the least serious thing they could ever think of doing behind each other's backs. Dean's just making too big a deal out of this.
It also really doesn't help that all I've been motivated to write fanfic for is for Prodigal Son - which is a fantastic show, and I highly recommend watching! I just wish it never got cancelled, cause I need a season 3, especially after
Though now that he really thinks about it, this could be exactly what was up with that woman at the morgue. Maybe she could be this cobiescu vampire?
more sense than placing a real angel on top of a Christmas tree. For a moment there Sam had him thinking people used real angels on their  trees.
Well, Dean certainly doesn't want to upset them. But he's still not happy about all of this. And at least like Castiel had said, they've not gone too overboard with it all.
"You better not be planning on putting any Christmas shit up, Sammy." Dean says as he walks into the room, causing both Sam and Castiel to halt their conversation.
Dean nods, moving closer to the bodies and looking them over. Castiel on the other hand, takes note of the way the lady looks a bit nervous.
Castiel looks at him, a little confused. Dean’s never offered him a bite of pie before. He’s usually so food aggressive when it comes to pie.
Castiel looks up, holding up the arm so Dean can see the claws on the hands in place of fingernails. "I don't think these were humans."
That could be the case, but if it was hunters that killed these werewolves, why would they drain them of all their blood? There is however the possibility that Eileen is right in suggesting that this thing isn't a vampire. What it could possibly be though, Sam is entirely lost.
One of them really should've taken a pen with them so they can check everything off, Jack thinks. At least then it would be easier to figure out if they've got everything. But Jack thinks he can figure out without a pen to check everything off. There isn't a hell of a lot they have to get after all.
Castiel on the other hand, pays him no notice as he examines over the alarming amount of junk food he and Dean had gone out to buy,m as he's packs it away into the pantry and the fridge.
He has a feeling that it won’t take long for Dean to come out and see all the decorations they’ve bought, but he
He looks at every bit of red, green, silver, and gold tinsel strewn across the shelves. At the Christmas tree in one corner covered in tinsel, baubles, candy canes and fairy lights. And what looks like a few wrapped presents under the tree. He's not sure if they're real, or just there for decoration.
Sitting back in the chair, Castiel waits for Dean to finish eating so they can leave and find a motel for the next few days while they take care of this case.
At the sound of Cas's name, Dean is certain that if he still has any years left to shed, he would be. Instead, he lets out a shaky breath, nodding his head.
Luckily, Jack is calling out a reply almost instantly, letting them know that the door is unlocked and they can come in.
He hopes the burgers are good, and judging by the empty plates sitting on the table in front of everyone, he’s assuming the answer is that they’re good. He
Castiel looks over at Dean. "Dean..." He sighs, moving to stand closer to him. "That's not necessary."
"How much jelly do I have to make?" Jack asks, reading through the instructions on the back of one of the boxes of jelly crystals.
“Hey.” Mary says, making her way in and looking through the bags of decorations. “This going to be enough?”
Letting out a groan, Dean follows Castiel out of their room and back towards the kitchen where the others are still making food. Honestly, Dean would very much rather it if he and Castiel were to stay in their room for a bit longer before coming back out to help the others. But the agreement was that they’d come straight back out here after their activities and finish helping prepare everything. On the bright side, it seems almost everything is pretty much finished being prepared. There appears to only be a few things left to make and cook.
odd. He's got no idea on what Sam could possibly be nervous about. Unless he got Eileen pregnant or they're planning on having a baby.... He hopes that's not the case. They don't need a baby running around the bunker.
Shaking Castiel off him proves to be a little difficult (which Dean should've expected), but he gets himself free from his angel's grip in the end, despite the initial struggle.
"You know, leaving a tree in the library will be in full view of Dean, Sam." Castiel says. "He's going to see i as soon as he walks into the library."
"Well, I don't see why we can't." He finally says after a moments silence. "What's wrong with decorating the bunker? I don't see it as a bad thing."
Honestly, I was wanting to add more to this chapter, but this will have to do. It's nothing perfect, but at least it's an ending? Maybe not the best ending ever, but it's something, and it'll have to do until I decide to come back to it and fix it up and make it less choppy.
Either way, Sam doesn’t bother to call out to Dean. better not to anyway, or he’ll have a fit if he sees the amount of Christmas decorations they’ve bought. Although that’s not to say he won’t see it all soon enough and complain.
“Hey!” Dean says, walking over to Sam, whacking him on the back of his head. “Don’t complain. Cas spent hours making them.”
“You made these, Castiel?” Mary asks, surprised to hear that the angel was the one to make them all lunch.
"Why not?" Sam frowns. "Don't you think it would be a nice thing to do? We've never been able to do it properly before." He says. "And mom, and Jack are up for it."
The lady nods. "Alright then." She says. "Follow me." She gets up off her seat behind the desk, motioning for them to follow her down the hall. "You're lucky you came just now." She says, as she leads them into the morgue's freezer room. "No one's shown up to claim the bodies, and we were set to have them cremated."
Dean opened the door. He was glad they got up when they did. He would have died of embarrassment if one of Castiel’s family members had come up here and caught them going at it.
They walked to the back parking lot which was behind the building. The employees parked back there to keep the front spaces open for customers plus Dean’s car was huge and took up a lot of space. The last thing he needed was some soccer mom on her phone blowing into the back of Baby because she was too busy texting. Nope, Baby was safe in the back even though he wanted to show her off. He walked up to his car.
She turned around to look at him. She was busy bussing a table. “Yeah? You want a drink?” She asked rudely
Kelly’s mouth fell open. She looked at Mary who also wore a face of shock. “You’re God now?” She asked her voice shaking
“I… I don’t want to sleep alone.” He mumbled into the pillow. “But I don’t want to get you sick.” He wanted Castiel with him but he didn’t want to risk it.
Castiel took it. It was a lovely painting being mostly blue swirls. It was like the sky on a clear spring day. “This is lovely.” He said. “I… I am impressed.” His face heated up. It was one of the most beautiful paintings he had seen… and it had been painted by a rather attractive man’s penis.
The next day, Dean woke up in his bed. He yawned as he stretched. Sam and Castiel made him take the day off. Last night, Castiel had called up Sam and informed him that Dean was taking the day off because he still needed to rest. Dean had tried to argue but he realized fairly quickly that he would lose this fight with the two of them. They were making him take the day off.  He climbed out of bed. The side that Castiel slept at was empty. He glanced over at the clock; it was almost nine in the morning. He whistled to himself. He usually didn’t sleep in that late. Usually, he was up about six or earlier to be at the restaurant for opening. Perhaps Sam and Cas were right, he did need more rest.
“My stupid ass.” She shook her head. “If I knew then that half of his conversations would look like something a thirteen-year-old girl would have typed I wouldn’t have done it.”
Dean wrapped his hands around Castiel’s hands. “Cas, I’m so sorry for what happened to you. Thank God you escaped when you did.”
“Tulips don’t exactly scream romance, dear.” She huffed as she followed him. She took his arm. “Come the roses are much better. I can get them in an assortment of colors other than red.”
He frowned. “Dean,” He looked into his green eyes. He saw warmth and love reflected in those eyes. He licked his lips. “I understand.”
They walked back into the cabin. Dean guided him to the bedroom. “Let’s get you out of those swim trunks.” He walked him into the bathroom picking up his pajamas along the way.
“What are you doing out here?” He sounded concerned. His soulful hazel eyes were full of worry. Sam knew that Dean was hanging on by a thread.
Dean felt uneasy. He didn’t like this coming off as some superstar or something. He stood up and held out his hand. “I’m Dean.”
“I could never hate you.” Castiel walked up to him and wrapped him into a hug. “You’re my little brother and for better or worse I will love you.”
“Well, you got here in time. I was getting ready to close the store and go home.” Bobby said as they headed to the back to the cash register.
Their food arrived shortly and they ate in relative silence just enjoying one another’s company. Dean paid for the meal and Castiel insisted on leaving the tip stating it was only fair for him to contribute somehow. Dean didn’t argue with him.
He scoffed. “Well, now that I know what we are working with… there might be a way to get you out of the deal.” He clicked his teeth. “But for now, let’s work on a way to get you home, so you can at least get some. Maybe you won’t be so… stuffy.”
Dean decided to ignore Sam being in the room. For all, he knew he might need his brother’s help in convincing Castiel to stay with him. “I uh, got your books.” He suddenly felt awkward as he handed the books to Castiel. He could swear he could hear Sam watching him.
He walked up to the counter and proceeded to slice up a tomato for the burgers. Dean had taught him proper vegetable cutting but he was still working on it. “Is this fine?”
He bottomed out. He took a few shaky breaths and let Dean get adjusted. He was about to tell him to move when he pulled himself out and slammed back into him. He continued his thrusts.
“We don’t have an escape,” Castiel said. What if he never got out? What if he never saw Dean again? His heart ached. He needed Dean. He wanted to see him one last time. He had to. “Come on.” He gestured. He was confident Sam would find a way to get them out. Somehow.
“It’s not like your exactly Mr. Exercise yourself, Dean.” Sam teased. “Most you do is fighting monsters.”
“So get this,” Sam started. “I’ve been doing some digging on the case since you guys left and I noticed something.”
“Thanks.” He chuckled awkwardly as they got into the SUV he parked beside his car. He felt weird about being in the backseat. He hadn’t been in the back of a car since he was a kid. He got out his phone to tell Sam that they had made it.
He frowned. He hated to admit it but they were right. He rarely dated, when he did manage to find someone they always were the ‘let’s go out and party’ type. Currently, his longest-lasting relationship (unless he counted his right hand) was that of a whole four months before they got tired of him and broke up. “Just because I go on a date with this guy doesn’t mean we are going to have a steady relationship. Hell, the guy could want to get his rocks off.”.
Dean hoped out of bed. Castiel was still in his bed sound asleep. At some point, he had rolled over which let Dean escape his grasp. Castiel hadn’t budged apparently he was a heavy sleeper after sex. Dean headed into the shower and got good and clean. He dressed and walked back into the room. Castiel was still sleeping peacefully.
They left the library and made their way into the war room. Eileen was studying a book, Rowena was flipping through the Book of the Damned.
Benny nodded to the compartment sink that was piling up with dishes. “Dish washer called in again.” He huffed; his Louisan accent thick and heavy. “I was getting ready to come back and tell you when the dinner rush started.”
“Millennials are strange.” The sheriff shrugged. “Maybe they got abducted by aliens. Hell, I don’t know. All I know is they are gone and we can’t find them.”
Castiel cracked open one blue-eye. “Where’s Mr. Berry? I remember moving him before we… participated in activities.”
Castiel raised his head from Dean’s chest and shot him a dirty look. “I am sure Sam would not want to know that.”
Dinner with his mother was always interesting, he thought as he pulled into her driveway. Naomi was born into the business. Their company had been around since the twenties, and his mom was the first woman to ever run it. His uncle was meant to run it but he turned it down. He couldn’t blame Chuck he wouldn’t want the job either. He wondered if she invited Chuck to dinner. He doubted it, he was kind of glad he didn’t need two adults telling him how to live his life. He walked past his brother Michael’s sleek black Escalade. It was far fancier than anyone truly needed.
They got out of the SUV and headed in. The restaurant was open and full of tables. There was a waterfall in the middle of it and chandlers hanging from the ceiling. Much to Dean’s surprise, the ceiling wasn’t made out of glass.
He felt a pang of guilt but he pushed it away. It was his home he was allowed to masturbate in it; he told himself. He finished his shower and got out. He dried off and tossed on clothes. He felt nice and relaxed now and was certainly ready for bed.
Tears welled up in Naomi’s eyes. “Oh, Cas,” She got up and walked over to him. Castiel stood up as she hugged him. “My poor boy, I’m so glad you are safe.” She held him tightly. She looked at Dean. “Thank you for… helping him.”
“Now, now it ain’t that bad. This class is only a month-long and it ain’t like my love life is going to come up.”
“Sorry? What are you sorry for?” He frowned in confusion. Castiel had nothing to apologize for. At least not at this moment. He wasn’t happy that he kept the deal a secret but he could bury that deep in his heart. He had his angel back and that’s all that mattered to him.
“You wanted to take a break didn’t you?” Dean asked. He pointed at the tables. “We can take a break here and eat our food. Is that fine with you?”
Rowena smirked. “Death can’t hold me.” She said almost proudly. “So you are looking into the Empty.” She placed her hand on Eileen’s gun. “Lower that, Dear, I’d rather it not go off and risk hurting someone.”
He paused. There was a faint echo in his head. He frowned as he rubbed his forehead. It felt like he was getting a headache… but he shouldn’t.
“Hey, Dean,” Garth said as he sat down a second plate he was carrying. “I saw you didn’t have any food so I grabbed you a plate too.” He said with a smile
Dean scoffed and rolled his eyes. “Stop trying to ruin the fun, Sammy. The kid has to have some type of Christmas. Alright, I’m going to get Cas and go, later.” He said as he got up from the table.
Castiel looked at Lucas who nodded at him. “We got forever, Cas. I can tell you’re tired. We should do this again.”
“Dean!” Castiel shouted. He ran to Dean. He checked around to make sure there weren’t anymore traps. It wouldn’t do them any good if both of them got trapped. He grabbed the machete and found the tree that the trap was tied to. “I’m going to cut you down.”
He blinked. “What?” He had no idea flowers were that expensive. Hell, no wonder he didn’t buy them that often.
“He changed a lot from when I first met him. At first, honestly, he scared me. I didn’t,” He huffed a laugh. “I didn’t know what to make of him or how to kill him and it made me uneasy. But then he…” He shrugged. “The nerdy little guy grew on me. He felt like… he belonged like he was meant to be there the whole time. Like my life was incomplete without him. I trusted him… completely sure he betrayed that trust a bunch of times but, I would still come to bat for him. He knew me better than I knew myself.” He sighed. “I never opened up, well, I rarely opened up to anyone like I did with him.” He admitted knowing darn good and well that Donna had enough blackmail on him to make things interesting. “He completed me and I was too stupid to see it.”
He laid down on his bed. He wished Castiel was with him and he could cuddle up to him. He pulled the pillow close to him and imaged it was Castiel and he was laying his head on his chest. Sleep took over quickly. His brain played him images of him with a certain sexy blue-eyed man and he couldn’t be any happier.
He stepped out in the hall and looked around. He didn’t see Dean. He listened and couldn’t hear him from his room. He darted back into his room and grabbed the paper and Dean’s gift. He ran down the hall without trying to make too much noise and staying alert for Dean. He reached the library and found Mary and Rowena drinking tea together chatting. The two women had arrived earlier that day for Christmas. “Excuse me.” He started. Both of them looked up at him.
“Now remember, Dean, if you start to feel bad just let Cas drive.” Naomi said as they loaded the stuff into the back of the car.
“Then that’s what counts.” He started the car. “Even if you can’t play the game as long as you have fun doing it then that’s what’s important.”
Castiel panted as he came down. His body shook a few more times as he laid down beside him still holding his hand. “Wow. I’ve never had one that strong before.”
Dean licked his lips and felt his mouth grow dry. “Are you sure, Cas? I mean, he thinks you’ve done all this for attention and that I’m some sort of sugar daddy or something.”
He smiled. He was right Dean was feeling something doing this. He thought about the movies he had seen. He remembered seeing one once about car wash… he ran his hands across his chest like the girls in the movie did and winked at Dean.
He flinched. He ran his hand along his beard and sighed. Benny had spent some time in jail during his misspent youth. He was involved in a crime ring back in New Orleans. He was in and out of jail for years until he met Andrea who with her guiding hand helped him get back on the right path. After Hurricane Katrina, he found himself displaced and had a hard time finding work due to his criminal record until one day he wandered into this same restaurant and applied to be a cook. Dean was there that day when John took the rugged-looking Benny into the kitchen and asked him to fry a hamburger. Once he declared it was the best one he had ever had John hired him on the spot. Never did care that he spent a few months behind bars just cared that he was a hell of a cook.
“I’ve been here, Sam,” She said. “I’ve heard what you said, I saw your sad brother. You want in to save one angel.” She scoffed. “Not a big picture guy are you?”
They got out of the shower and toweled off. They got dressed and checked on their dinner. It wasn’t ready yet. They got on the couch and cuddled each other while they watched TV. Castiel couldn’t imagine having Dean any other way and he would give anything to Dean to keep him safe and feeling loved. He meant it. He would be with him forever and always.
“Pretty kitty,” Dean said to the cat. He reached out to pet him but he ducked and interrogated his hand by smelling it.
He glared at him. “Yes, I miss Cas. I miss him so much. I don’t…” He trailed off afraid of admitting more than he was ready to. He couldn’t… he couldn’t let others find out how much Cas really meant to him, that he was in love with the angel. It would make him… look weak, be less of a man… something he couldn’t put his finger on. Fear. Fear of being judged by his brother. Fear of Sammy leaving him because he found out that Dean likes men. That was always the thought hanging out in the back of his head. If he said it out loud, then it was true, then people would… look at him differently. He didn’t want that.
He nodded. He held the clothes close to him and blinked. He looked like a deer caught in headlights. “Where can I…” He held out his backpack.
He knew that Cas’s family was going to be there and he wanted to impress them. He wanted them to like him. Sam texted him back
He shook his head. “We were en route when I saw this.” He pulled out a Leviathan blossom. “It got a little squashed.”
Castiel smiled. “I guess they couldn’t wait to cook breakfast. It has been a while since one of us was home.” He spoke so fondly of his family it warmed Dean’s heart. He was so glad he was able to witness them reconnect. Even if it made him miss his parents.
He smiled to himself. He couldn’t wait to see Cas’s face when he got it. He made his way back downstairs and in front of the TV. He did need to rest after all or else they would make him take another day off. His mind was going a mile a minute. He could not wait until he gave Castiel that ring and officially made him his. It was going to wonderful. He would finally be able to settle down with his man and start the life he has always wanted.
She pulled away. “Then why aren’t you tearing the world apart looking for him? I…” She scoffed. “I spent forever looking for Kaia, looking for a way to bring her back. And you, what have you done? Drank beer ate pie, and felt sorry for yourself?”
“I can pick you up some.” Those words fell out of Dean’s mouth before he could stop himself. He could offer him books but not his home. What the hell was wrong with him?
Sam smiled. “Don’t cry, Dean.” He patted his hand. “I just want you to know that I don’t want to get in the way okay. I care I want you happy. You need to live for yourself for once.”
He nodded. Okay now that he thought about it, it was a bold move. He knew nothing about Castiel. He felt his stomach tie up in a knot. All he knew is he thought Castiel was hot and he felt a strange connection with him. “I uh, did. It’s just temporary but I did.” He rubbed his face as he spoke. It really was a dumb idea. Sammy was going to shoot him for this one.
“Can we go back to trying to sleep?” Dean asked sarcastically. “We got a long drive until we get back home and I would at least like to get some sleep.”
“I won’t let them hurt you,” Dean said as he slung his arm around Castiel’s shoulders. “I will protect you I swear.”
“Oh, shoot.” Chuck said. “I forgot to get a bottle of that wine Naomi wanted.” He looked at Castiel and pulled some money out of his pocket. “Son, can you run in and get it?”
Dean watched him leave. He got up from the table and headed out the door. He got in his car and headed to the restaurant. He hoped Castiel would be okay alone.
Dean groaned loudly. He must have been waking up now. “Cas?” He groaned. His hand reached out blindly trying to grab onto something.
“They were fine with it. I don’t know why I was so worried. Mom had told me… as long as the person I’m with makes me happy and treats me right she doesn’t care about their gender. What about you? Did you ever tell your dad?”
Dean felt uncomfortable and awkward. He rubbed his arm and sensed Chuck and Naomi ease themselves out of the situation. He moved to follow but didn’t want to leave Castiel alone.
“Because looking back… it’s obvious that he… that he loved me.” He sighed. “And I never,” He shook his head. “I just assumed that he couldn’t.” He rubbed his arm. “I knew that… that I felt something I just never told him because…”
“I’m sure.” He filled up the sink with water. Castiel walked up behind him and wrapped his arms around him for a hug.
“Thank you.” He forgot his manners grabbing a piece of bacon of the plate of bacon and started chewing it. “Oh, bacon I have missed you.” He all but moaned as he chewed
“We got it all clean yesterday.” He yawned as he draped himself around Dean’s shoulders. “It looks great. You don’t have to worry about what they think.”
He shook his head. “No, I… was never allowed.” He looked away and smiled. “I… I have wanted to with you though.” He crawled back over to him and kissed him again
Dean’s heart fluttered. He wanted to melt into Castiel. “Do we have to talk now? Can’t we just enjoy ourselves?” He ran his hand on Castiel’s back and felt his body jump at the contact.
His eyes widened. Dean was so unused to talking about his feelings maybe he didn’t know how. Castiel probably pushed him too far to talk about them.
“Oh, uh, thanks, Garth.” He dug into the food. He would find another chance to talk to Castiel later. “Where’s the baby?”
He laughed. “Well, maybe we can embarrass ourselves more often.” If it didn’t bother Dean then he was going to try not to let it bother him. This was Dean’s establishment. “Though is it really okay, Dean? I mean people might think less of you or me… and it’s not exactly professional. I would be pretty horrified to see the owner making out with an employee.”
Dean looked at the hand on his shoulder. He picked up his drink and drunk it in one shot. “Cas, I…” he sighed. “Why is this so hard?” he shook his head. “Cas, I love you.” He grumbled it out feeling as though the words didn’t want to come out of his mouth. “That’s what I wanted to tell you. Hell, I wanted to tell you for a long time but I was afraid of… I don’t know but you deserve to know. I love you.”
“If we can’t get Cas back. I can’t face Dean, he’ll be… pissed. Like super pissed.” He sighed.  “What if… you know what if he wants to try to save him when he gets back? What am I supposed to say? Sorry, I tried and the Empty collapsed so he’s space dust now.” He sighed
Dean raised an eyebrow. A restaurant with the name like The Garden sounded like a place that served nothing but salads and more up Sam’s alley than his. But if that was where Castiel wanted to go he would gladly eat a salad… just not with a smile on his face.
They got out of the car heading into the house. Anytime, they would go out to the bar they would always return to Castiel’s place. The girls had left their cars at his place before going out, they were both too drunk to drive home. Well, mostly Meg but he’d rather Anna stay here than risk getting a DUI. A glass of wine wouldn't make her drunk but it wasn’t worth the risk.
“I don’t mind.” Dean unlocked the car door. He got in and Castiel got in the front. Much to his surprise, Chuck got in the back of the car. He chuckled as Chuck admired the car. He started the car and backed out of the driveway.
“You don’t tell a mother you are banging their child, okay? You just tell them that you are dating their child and let them figure out the rest on their own.”
He spotted the figure by the tree. Injured but intact. “Cas!” He shouted. He ran up to his friend as the other man started to stand up. He wrapped his arms around him and held him tight. This was Cas. His body wanted to melt into Castiel’s arms. “Did they take you to Eve?” He asked as he pulled away.
“But you still here in the Bunker, a couple of doors down from it happened. It happened here, you can’t change it.”
“I’m giving Castiel his second chance. We don’t know him but maybe this will be a good experience for him. How is he by the way?”
Dean pushed all those thoughts to the back of his mind. Something told him that Castiel wasn’t dangerous and his gut has been right before. “Okay, I can do that. As of tomorrow, you are an official employee.” He reached his hand out to shake it.
“No, none of that.” She sat down the glass hard. “No, deals. Hell’s no longer making deals. Those who deserve to be here will get here, no more soul trades and trickery… not after what it did to…” She shook her head. “If you called me to sell me your soul, Samuel, then don’t call me again, ever.” She stated firmly
Castiel stared at the table before him offering up various t-shirts with several off-colored comments on them. He smirked at a few that boasted jokes about big dicks, and ones about beasts. At best they were clever for a teenager or perhaps a young twenty-something but being he was in his thirties and employed at the local doctor's office. He doubted it would look good on him wearing something that announced to the world that he liked dick or something along those lines. Now that he thought about it… he really shouldn’t be here. He frowned. Here he was at the Sex Trade Show in Vegas. He had no interest in attending the event but Gabriel talked him into it.
Lucas shook his head. “He’s like his mom, he’s never met a stranger. I try to teach him to be careful around people he doesn’t know but you know… he’s a kid.”
“Yeah, I realized this, you are different. As much as I want a roll in the hay with you I also want to take you to dinner, watch the sunset, and all that romantic shit.” He smiled. “You said you want it to be special and I want it to be special for you.” He ate a big bite of his food. He swallowed then said. “You are setting the pace here. If you just want to fuck I’m down but if you want to go out and have fun I’m down.”
He scoffed. “Not talking about things is what led to this.” His voice rose slightly. He huffed. He was annoyed and frustrated with Dean. “You’ve never even told us what happened. You didn’t even,” He huffed. He balled his fists. “You didn’t even try to get Jack to bring him back.” Tears filled his eyes. “I don’t know what happened that day. All I know is, I lost a close friend and my brother on that day.” He looked like he was about to cry. “You act like he wasn’t there when you can’t even function with him gone. And you, you just climb in a bottle every other night, eat too much, and now you… you almost let yourself die. You were willing to die… where’s my brother? Where’s the Dean I know?”
Castiel inhaled sharply and continued.  “Then the following year he decided he wouldn’t let me work. He said he made enough money to keep us going. Then if we went to the store he went with me and kept me at arm’s length. He would get mad if anyone talked to me. After he took my phone, he took my computer, he was concerned that quote ‘I would leave him for someone else’. About the only things he let me do was watch TV and read. I was almost completely isolated from the outside world.” He clenched his fists. “He told me my one job on this Earth was to please him, to be a ‘good little husband’. I had to cook for him; I had to always perform whatever sexual acts he wanted. If I told him no he would tell me I should be grateful that he let me stay with him. He threatened me more than a couple of times that he would toss me out on my own with nothing if I didn’t do what he wanted. I finally one night had enough. I told him I was sick of him that I wanted to go home and never see him again; that was when he hit me. I realized then that I had to get out for my safety.”
She took his hand and squeezed. “Sweetheart, when you know you know. When I met your father it was about a week when I realized it. I think it depends on the person.” She said with a smile.
She nodded. “And you don’t want to be stuck there.” She frowned. “I… you guys shouldn’t take too long mounting this rescue.”
Dean eased the car into the driveway. He got out and got the flowers and the typewriter. Opening the front door was an interesting prospect as he had to sit the typewriter down and hold the flowers close to his chest as he opened the door. The smell of food hit him right in the nose. He inhaled deeply and his stomach rumbled. “Cas, I’m home!” He called out
Dean walked into the bedroom and whistled at the king-sized bed. “I didn’t know they made a bed that big.” He looked around the room and nodded. “So… there’s only one bed… how do you want to do this?”
He looked up at the woman behind the bar. “Uh, no thank you.” He said softly as he sipped his drink.
“Nah, angels don’t sleep. He was probably distracted by something else.” He said then it hit him. Cas probably was or at least wasn’t paying attention to the movies… because he only wanted to spend time with Dean. How did he not notice it? He remembered it, Cas just sitting there, smiling at him like he hung the moon. He barely paid attention to the movies. Just occasionally would as a question. He let out a gasp.
Castiel looked at his calendar. It had been nearly a year since his last date. That one he had at least gone out with twice until they found out about Claire and ran for the hills. His phone light up and he grabbed it. Excitement coursed through him as he looked at it.
They walked into the restaurant. The woman behind the counter shouted. “Hey, Dean,” As they walked in.
“We are going to talk about this.” He couldn’t believe he wanted to talk about feelings. He was turning into a Sam. “You said that,” he cleared his throat. “You wanted what you can’t have. Could you explain it, please? There was so much to process I couldn’t…” he trailed off. He wasn’t going to make a fool of himself. He wanted concrete information.
“I asked the same thing, Jack. I don’t understand it either.” Castiel said as he helped Dean remove the tree from the box.
“Cas,” Dean said when he managed to get his mouth away from Castiel. “I thought you wanted me to help you get clean.”
They headed back into the house. Alfie was sitting on the couch his head in his hands. He looked up at Castiel. “I’m…” He sighed. “I am sorry, Castiel. I,” He got up from the couch. “Mom and dad filled me in on what you told them. I… I am truly sorry. I just assumed that you… you know picked up a new man and made up the story for shock value.” He looked at Dean. “And Dean, I am sorry for what I said. I shouldn’t be so quick to judge you.”
“Yeah, I uh, used to come here a lot to think and reflect on shit.” He chuckled as he finished his ice cream cone. “I would sit here and reflect on my choices, how I could have done stuff differently what I would have done differently but all I was doing was driving myself crazy.” He flashed a smile at him. “I decided to live my life regret-free. I got up tossed a penny in the fountain every day I was here and wished to be free of regrets then one day I was. I woke up and realized that I was pretty lucky. I had everything I really needed and rather than dwell on what I couldn’t change, I got up and lived my life.”
He sighed. He was exasperated with Dean. Why was Dean so thick headed? He looked into Dean’s eyes and saw challenge in them. They held eye contact for a moment like they usually do. Castiel swallowed. He was tiring of this game. He wanted Dean to understand. He supposed he could just tell him but given how thick headed Dean had been lately he might take it as familial love.
“Bull,” He shook his head. “Have you seen yourself? You’re hot, bet you could get any guy you wanted.”
“I’ve fantasized about that for so long.” He climbed out of bed. He handed Castiel a tissue. “Come on let’s take a shower.”
“While at first, I was… a lot like them, being with you Dean… I learned. I learned what it meant to be… free.” He sat down his food. “I… at first I thought being human would be… terrible but… I have found I enjoy it.”
Kaia followed behind him. “I bet this is something new for you.” She teased as Dean started the dishwater.
“Thanks, Sam.” He felt a weight lift up. He knew that Sam would understand but having confirmation just made him feel better.
“Not a damn thing.” Dean flipped the burger. “That shit takes practice. Much like your angel blade, ain’t like you were born with it in your hands.”
It was peaceful on the lake. Dean was glad to be here, having something to do really helped ease his mind. He hated being idle more than anything. He always had to be doing something. He glanced over at Donna who was trying to hook a worm. They went through a drive-through on their way to the lake. Their wrappers were crumbled up in their bags and Miracle was smelling at them trying to score some food. He shoed the dog away with a promise of human food later. Sam was right he was spoiling the dog.
He nodded. “Let’s.” The two of them got to work. Castiel sighed as he watched Dean work. He felt his heart flutter. They finally confessed. The world didn’t end and Dean didn’t punch him in the face. The two of them worked together and got the truck done fairly fast. Yes, they were a good team and they would make a good couple. They took each-others hands and headed out of the garage. They had a lot of lost time to make up for.
“I… no roses don’t feel right.” He couldn’t see Cas as a rose person. He felt like he would like something more… bright and colorful.
“Oh my God.” Crowley ran his hand over his face. “What are you a teenager? I’m going to woo him with a typewriter.” He shook his head. “I didn’t know I was in a romance novel.”
“Thank you.” Castiel said as he got in the car. “I enjoyed this too.” He watched Dean get in his classic car. He waved at him before he drove off. Castiel dug his phone out his pocket and nearly dropped it as he tried to turn it on. His body hummed with excitement as he texted Meg about how his date went. He tossed it in the seat beside him as he backed out of the parking spot. He heard it go off several times after that and he smiled and couldn’t stop smiling. He was so happy. He couldn’t wait to tell Meg everything.
Dean’s head buzzed as he slowly gained consciousness. He opened his eyes very slowly letting out a loud groan of pain. Everything hurt. He blinked as his vision came to focus. He was tied up. His arms above his head were tied at the wrists. He dangled just above the floor. He could smell a fireplace going and the dampness of wet Earth. He looked around him. He didn’t see anyone else. Just some blood. “Shit.” He murmured to himself. Wait, Cas. Where was Cas? His mind panicked he remembered seeing the man in the woods hit Cas then Cas hit a tree. He looked up at his ties and pulled on them. He had to get free he had to help Cas.
Chuck looked at Dean. “Our family has accumulated a lot of Christmas decorations because someone,” He pointed at Naomi who rolled her eyes at her husband. “Keeps buying stuff. So we’ve been gifting our children decorations that belonged to their grandmother.”
“Well, I hate Cindy, she stole my boyfriend from me and you and him would be cute together. Two birds one stone.”
He pulled out his phone. Meg did have a point. She has been his best friend for years she had a right to meet Dean. He texted Dean and told him about Meg wanting to meet him. Dean responded back quickly asking about lunch that afternoon. “Meg, do you have lunch plans?”
There were some craft booths that he stopped at and admired their work. Bought himself a bracelet at one and kept moving. The next booth over from the crafts was a booth that sold honey. Dean really didn’t like honey. He started to walk away when a gruff crisp voice greeted him.
Castiel looked at Dean’s phone which was his lock-screen. “It’s a nice picture of your car but I don’t see why you came running home for that.”
“Ah, I’m just looking for cases. With you getting used to being human and Sam being fully healed I think we should get back out there.” He sipped his coffee. “Who knows what havoc Metatron’s spell might have unleashed… or you know half trying to close the gates of Hell.” He sighed as he typed some more. “I think I might have something though.” He turned the laptop to Castiel.
He smiled as they got in. Castiel appreciated Baby, and he could appreciate a guy who liked his car. He started up his car. Led Zeppelin filled the car cabin. “Let’s go.” He put the car into gear and drove out of the parking lot. Nervousness washed over him. He glanced over at Castiel who focused on staring out the window. He was going to be alone with Castiel for the next few days and he couldn’t wait. That alone made him nervous. He wasn’t worried about being alone with him now it just somehow… felt right. He smiled to himself. Maybe Sam was right maybe Castiel liked him too. He just had to play his cards right. He didn’t want Castiel to think he was taking advantage of him nor that he was rushing him into anything. He knew he didn’t plan on staying around that long but maybe just maybe Dean could somehow get him to stay. He hoped.
Isiah laughed. “You’ll do what I want? Boy, I plan on dragging your ass back to the others and skinning you alive!”
There was a thud on the outside. “I’ll see you have a painful death boy. Maybe I’ll get the angels to let you watch them tear about your boyfriend.” He laughed
“I know, I know you don’t like it when people come over.” He petted her and she glared at him. She didn’t like being petted when she was eating either. He sighed. “Well, enjoy it.” He headed back downstairs
Years ago, their father had part of the basement converted into a mini apartment. John didn’t want to leave his home quit yet and he always wanted his kids to have a place of their own so he converted the area. It sadly worked out when he became ill. Dean lived there and helped take care of John and when he passed he moved into the house and Sam took the area. It had been empty with Sam gone though he kept the bed and dresser in there for guests. He had thought about renting it out but never went through with it.
“I was going to throw it out, I guess it accidentally got in your bag,” Sam said as he poked at the bloody clothes. He grimaced at them.
He rolled his eyes. “We really need to work on your people skills.” He huffed as he stormed into the bedroom
There was a pause from Sam. “Dean, I’m not telling you how to live your life but you would think the many near misses you had would snap you to your senses.” He sighed.
Sam went through the story about the deal and everything that happened after Castiel was gone up until the point that he called her.
He scoffed. “Me lie? Never.” He rubbed his hands together and chuckled. “Your mom she’s uh, well she’s something…”
His face widened into a huge smile. “I can’t freaking wait.” His eyes lit up like a child’s. “It’s going to be amazing.”
Castiel nodded. “Yes, you and I are floating together.” He reached out and took Dean’s hand out of the sink.
“How are you?” She asked as she patted him on the back. She may be a little woman but she hugged like a big sturdy man.
“I didn’t get the chance to. I know that’s a lame excuse, but at the time I didn’t. Then afterward I just… I didn’t know what to say. It felt like a major moment passed and I missed it. I felt so damn bad about it, Cas. I could have just…” His eyes burned. He held back a sob. “Don’t go, Cas.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Again, long rides in that truck of yours, and do remember I found you stalking him while he was doing yard work.” He chuckled. “Honestly, Cas, I think anyone that seen you two together would know.” He laughed. “I hope it was at least good for you then. But do spare the details, I don’t want to think of you ass up with Dean, or the other way around.”
Dean smirked. “Good to hear, sweetheart.” He reached up and grasped his face and cradled it in his hands. “Castiel… it’s so good to touch you again.” He leaned in to place his lips on his. “I missed you so much.”
Dean felt a shiver go down his spine. His dick started to perk up with interest. “Cas, don’t start anything you don’t plan on finishing.” He teased
“I don’t either but there isn’t much I can do. I have learned to live with it. She… She may be a bitch but she is my mother and I love her.”
He looked at him. Dean’s green eyes reflected concern. How long had he been up? He couldn’t recall. “Ummm, a few hours I believe.”
“Please, Dean, help me understand what is going on. Maybe I can help you.” Sam pleaded. “I’m scared, Dean, I’m scared if I- I leave you alone that you’re going to do something to yourself.”
“Staying at Lost Ridge cabins then? They are about the only thing around here that brings in the tourists.” She said
She smiled again. “My father was one, I recognized the signs. I want to check on your wound and change the dressing.” She pulled at the tape on Dean’s back. He flinched as it pulled his skin as it went. “Okay, now this is going to sting.” She proceeded to clean his wound making him whimper very unmanly as she worked on it. “The stitches look great, I think maybe one more day of observation and I’ll let you go,” She looked at Sam. “Providing on you or someone else can clean and care for his wound?”
“I was thinking,” He started as he laid the pancake on the plate. “Maybe this year we could have a proper Christmas.”
“She means a great deal to me.” Castiel said. Dean could feel him studying the side of his face. “She’s been a dear friend to me and a good judge of character.”
“Why are you working with a demon?” Michael asked his voice laced with confusion. He frowned as if he just realized that Crowley was indeed a demon.
Dean’s heart warmed. He felt tears threaten to run down his face. He sniffed and rubbed his eyes. Apparently, that was what he needed to hear. He felt like his heart was lifted up. Sammy approved, Sammy wanted him to be happy. “Thanks, Sam.”
He chuckled. “With a name like The Garden I expected it to serve rabbit food.” He said as Chuck parked the SUV
Dinner went smoothly. They made small talk, caught up, and everything else as they ate the delicious lasagna that Jody had made. Alex was still working at the hospital and had pretty much taken a backseat to hunting. Patience was attending school at a local college and was working hard on her degree. Kaia was continuing to work on her sobriety and was now taking basic courses at a community college. Claire of course was still hunting. Once dinner was done Dean wasted no time heading into the kitchen to wash dishes.
“I have no interest in bailing. You are interesting.” He sipped his drink. “And I’m not exactly rolling in the dates either.”
“Sure.” Sam said with a sigh as he got up from the desk. “I am going to head out and get to the store myself before everything is bought up.” He pulled out his phone. “Eileen stayed home sick today she said the local news has been hanging around Kroger showing bare shelves.”
Sam pulled out his phone. “How about some Christmas music?” He suggested as he started playing Christmas songs
“Sounds like a drunken bet gone wrong.” Castiel grumbled as he and Dean affixed the tree to the stand.
Castiel hoovered over him. His heart filled with love as he pounded into him. Cas, Cas, it was all Dean could think or say. He had sex many times before but this was different. It was like the whole world was coming together in one single moment. He pulled him up some and Dean wrapped his legs around him and let him abuse him.
Dean felt bad. He didn’t want to shut Castiel out. Relationships were built on communication. He didn’t need to start hurting it by not talking to Castiel. He felt exhausted and he felt like he had a headache coming on. He got up from the door and sneezed. He shook his head and made his way to the door. He was probably just a little tired. He decided to take a nap. Maybe he’d feel better afterward physically and emotionally. He sat down on the bed and set a timer on his phone. He laid his head on his pillow and sleep took him.
“No, I understand. If I was you I’d be leary as well. What do you say, Dean? Want to make a trip to the Empty?”
Castiel glanced over at Dean who was focused on the road ahead. The side profile of Dean was a lovely sight to behold. Castiel studied Dean’s pouty lips and counted his freckles. While the drive was long at least he had something to look at.
Castiel frowned. Did this mean Dean would avoid treating him like a boyfriend in public? Would he be afraid to hold hands or place soft kisses on him? “Dean, I, are you…” He didn’t want to sound insecure or needy. He didn’t want to frighten Dean away.
Castiel had his hand on the warm spot where Dean had kissed him. He sighed as he got his coat. He walked outside to find Dean standing there by the car staring at the street. He was about to ask him about it when he noticed what Dean was staring at.
Castiel jerked his head up. What the hell? He looked at the woman who looked at Dean in shock. Then he noticed her, she had green eyes and freckles. His plan backfired. “Dean,”
“Don’t worry, we will find you a local hive to see,” Dean said. “Hell, maybe we can start our own hive.”
“Let’s take a break.” He headed into the kitchen with her following behind him. He sighed as he opened the fridge. Maybe this was a fool’s errand? He was chasing after nothing. How could there be any information on something so old? So cosmic?
Bobby walked out from behind his register. He stopped by a box of books and nodded at them. “I got some more books saved up for him.” He sighed. “I was worried about him during all of this snow.”
He laughed. “Hi, Sam, he said yes. Which you knew he was going to say. Good job on covering up for him.”
He looked into his eyes. His grass green eyes melted his heart. Beauty, Dean was the very image of beauty. “Don’t forget your coat, Cas.” He leaned forward and placed a soft kiss on his cheek. He turned to the door leaving Castiel standing in the living room feeling lost.
He nodded and thanked him. He took off through the restaurant and to his car. With shaky hands, he started it. He licked his lips as his heart pounded. He hoped he was right and he hoped it was the right decision. He backed out of the parking lot and towards home. He was hoping he was going to patch up a broken family.
At the threat of being locked in the dungeon and no pie, Dean sighs, giving up. He'll let the decorations stay. He'll agree to almost anything if it means he gets his pie. And quite honestly, he doesn't fancy being locked up in the dungeon.
Dean frowns at Castiel's words. "Seriously?" He asks. "Come on, Cas! They'll be fine without us for a while."
and I have been thinking...." Sam starts, scratching the back of his neck nervously. "We were thinking that maybe... since it's nearly Christmas and all, that we should celebrate it this year." He says. "
Dean looks up at him, before he's opening the box and grabbing one out and unwrapping it. He gives it a quick sniff, not sure what to expect. It doesn't really smell like bacon, in fact, he's not even sure
some crappy Christmas movie - Castiel moves in close to Dean’s side and Dean opens the bag of potato chips, scoffing back the majority of the bag by himself as the two of them sit back enjoying each other’s company as they watch the movie.
"Hey, Sammy." Dean says, taking the seat directly across from him. "We need to have a talk about what you and your girlfriend did when I told you
Sam turns to her, shaking his head. “Not yet.” He says, making sure Eileen is clearly able to read his lips, considering his hands are too full to sign anything to her. “But I’m afraid it won’t be long until he comes our yelling about it all.”
Castiel looks from Sam to Dean. He supposes that going out on a hunt with Dean will work in keeping him occupied for the next few days. And from the look Sam sends him, he seems to think so too.
Then again, he's really only agreed to this whole thing for Jack, and it wouldn't be fair to the kid to have his first Christmas cancelled just because he didn't want to get up early. Dean can't hurt the kid like that.
Casting one last glance over at Dean once he’s dressed and standing by the door, Castiel makes sure his hunter is still asleep, before he’s quietly making his way out of their room and through the bunker in search of Sam.
Jack nods slowly, unsure if he believes that to be a good idea. But he doesn't press the matter any further. If Dean wants more beer, then he gets more beer. Denying him of beer might not end well.
." Jack reads aloud. "A vampire that feeds not on the blood of humans, but on an alternate source. The blood of the
With this confusing discovery, they're not sure if they really have a case here or not. But they need to do some research on the matter and figure out what the hell is going on here before they figure out what the hell they're going to do.
“Hey, what matters is that you tried, Cas. That’s all we can ask for.” Dean says, patting Castiel on the back, before he’s off to fix himself up a burger.
"Do you want to set it up now or a bit later?" Mary asks, watching as Sam packs away the food and drink into the fridge and cupboards.
Sam shakes his head, unsurprised that Dean would offer him one. "No, I'm okay." He doesn’t really like bacon to begin with, so he knows for a fact that he won’t like bacon flavored candy canes.
Dean just huffs in reply, continuing to eat his burger and stealing a few fries from the bowl in front of Castiel - not that Castiel minds, he doesn't need to eat.
years of life, he's never heard of this. He wasn't even aware that there's more than one type of vampire, and by the look on Dean's face, it appears that Dean had no idea either.
“That sounds like a good idea.” Castiel nods, agreeing with Dean. they should probably get Jack out of the bunker for a bit.
He should've said something. He should have said it back to him. Instead he was too in shock to react the way he wanted to.
He’s not positive why they’d need a tree. He would’ve thought the decorations would be enough. Of course, he doesn’t entirely understand the whole concept of Christmas. It’s just never been something that’s ever been on his radar.
Castiel turns around, his attention back onto the meat patties he has cooking on the stove. Thankfully, they’re not burnt, but one side of each patty
Honestly, Dean wasn't too happy about getting up at fucking six in the morning, but Castiel had dragged him out of bed to help everyone prepare everything. Apparently everyone else was already up at five, except for him. Castiel had mentioned something about talking the others into letting him get at least another hour of sleep before getting him up.
This causes Dean to stop in his tracks, moving to sniff himself, recoiling back a little at the stink emitting off him. It’s not
He's sitting in the bunker's library currently with Eileen, Jack, and Mary going over the game plan for getting the bunker all decorated for Christmas while Dean and Castiel are off on a hunt.
"Celebrate Christmas this year." Sam repeats. "And decorate the bunker. Decorating the bunker was more Eileen's idea than mine."
Castiel doesn't say anything in reply, but he does smile at Dean's words. He's not sure why he's been wearing Dean's clothes lately, but Dean seems to like it, so that seems like a good enough reason to keep wearing Dean' clothes more often. And he rather likes wearing Dean's clothes too.
Charlie smiled. “He doesn’t do it often though.” She looked at Castiel then at Dean. “How do you two know each other?”
“What? I can barely remember the last time you’ve had a date. You never go out, you just sit at home with your cats all night like it’s normal.”
“No that’s clean.” He stepped forward and grinned. “Maybe… someone should… get those suds off?” He asked. He held his hand out for the hose and smiled at Dean
He felt his cheeks heat up as he caught himself gazing at Dean’s nipples poking through the shirt. “Hello.” He stammered as he walked closer to the human. “What are you doing?” He asked. He wasn’t sure why it was pretty obvious.
“It’s not. Garth is coming in today. You’ve worked hard you should take a day off. You haven’t taken one since you started working with me.”
Castiel stared at the amber color liquid that sat in the glass before him. The ice slowly melting, as the music thumped proudly in the background (most of it classic rock but occasionally someone would get ahold of the jukebox and something more… modern would play) People were laughing, cheering, singing, and dancing in the background and yet… Castiel was fucking miserable. The ice clinked in his glass, he wished he just went home. It was a time of celebration, their office finally closing the big deal and getting that long hard work for the commission they were promised at the beginning of the year.
“The sheriff,” Dean said his eyes growing wide with revelation. “I knew he was acting funny! Son of a bitch!” He snatched up his keys and his coat. “Let’s go.”
Now he felt uncomfortable. He didn’t want the Novak family to see him as some sort of savior. He just liked Cas. Yeah, he felt bad for the guy originally but inviting him to live with him was because he liked him. He wasn’t some hero he was just a human being.
Dean was pretty sure he heard Claire gag. “Oh, get your minds out of the gutter, you pigs.” He laughed. “Anyway, to Sam and Eileen and their new life.”
Alfie shrugged. “I come home every weekend so I haven’t been missing much.” He glanced over at Castiel. “Not like I haven’t been home for years, unlike some people.”
“It’s not your fault. It’s not like you asked to be sick.” He sighed as he tossed the rag aside. He rested his arm against Dean’s forehead. Dean leaned into his cool arm wanting to be held and cuddled. “You’re burning up.”
Castiel blinked and looked at him. “Oh, you’re the guy who was here two weeks ago.” He picked up a jar and held it out to him.
“Dean, you don't know that. We might be able to get save him. If there’s a will there’s a way,” Sam said as he got out of his chair.
“I will never let you go. I’ll be with you forever.” He sniffed. Yes forever with Dean. It felt right. His emotions surged it was a beautiful moment. He could weep right now but he controlled himself. “I will be with you forever.” He repeated. He needed to hear it again. That sounded right. He wanted to be with Dean forever. It was like a door had been opened. He wanted Dean by his side. No, he needed Dean. Castiel realized he truly meant it. He would be with Dean forever. He would hold him and love him forever. The fear of the future was dimmer. Dean loved him and he loved Dean. They were meant to be together. Castiel could tell.
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean pulling him closer to him. Dean was now all but in his lap. “Take a nap if you want to.” He said softly. “I’ll read some.”
. She had said. He was grateful for it. In his old job, he was up at the ass crack of dawn almost every day trying to get to work on time. He shuddered he needed to put his time at Roman behind him.
They turned back to the TV. Castiel settled in with his head on Dean’s shoulder. Dean felt Castiel grow heavy against him as he drifted off to sleep. Dean looked over at Castiel’s peaceful face as he slept. His eyelids moving every so often indicating he was dreaming. Dean smiled at the picture-perfect sleep in front of him. Castiel twitched and murmured in his sleep. He let out a small pained sound. Dean frowned. He wondered if Castiel was having a nightmare. He debated waking him up when suddenly he was looking at blue eyes.
“No, you’ve been sitting here ruminating over what happened. I can tell, Dean,” He scoffed. “I’ve been your brother for years and I know when you get lost in your head. You, I saw you come out of his room and… I mean, it has to hurt… being in the place that he was lost.”
Between the two of them, they supported Dean’s weight. It was difficult but they managed to get Dean out of the cabin.
“Bobby would shoot you if he heard you suggesting I buy an e-reader.” Dean laughed. It had been an old debate between the two of them. Crowley would call Bobby old and outdated for not having an e-reader. Bobby would call him an idjit for preferring an e-reader over a book. Dean wasn’t surprised since Bobby was the type who still had a flip phone.
Dean looked up at him. “We were supposed to be going home tomorrow evening.” It hit him like a ton of bricks. They were supposed to leave tomorrow. There was no way he could drive home feeling like this. He couldn’t leave Sam to run the restaurant all alone it wasn’t fair to his brother. “Sam he, he’ll worry and he,”
“Then stay.” He pulled away looking into his eyes. “I mean it, Cas, no more being like two ships crossing at night. I want you at home, in the bunker with me and Sam.”
“Uh, Dean.” Castiel sat up and rubbed his eyes. He still had them half-closed as he tried to wake up. “Did I fall asleep?”
Castiel smiled. “Yes, we are.” He wrapped his arms around Dean and placed a soft kiss on his forehead. “Don’t go and change your mind on me, okay.”
“And here is some flower food.” She handed him a package. “It will keep them alive longer.” She said with a wink
He frowned. Dean worried about him. It hurt. He wanted to assure Dean that everything would be fine but that would be a lie. He would miss Dean. He would miss him so much. Thinking about the inevitable made him depressed. “I would miss you, Dean, most of all.” He confessed
Everyone turned to him. He blushed and sighed. Dean looked at Castiel and frowned. “I… Cas,” He sighed. “It’s not what you think.” He said to the other version of himself. He sighed. “I… I love Cas too.”
The two of them got to cooking. They worked around and with each other like a smooth machine once again. The table was set, the chicken was fried and the wine was chilled. Dean smiled at the dinner. It was damn near romantic. Though he forgot to get candles. He looked at Castiel. “Sorry I didn’t think to get candles.”
Naomi whispered something to Castiel and left the room. He helped Dean lay his head onto the pillows. “Rest, Dean, we can talk about it in the morning.”
Dean nodded and sat beside him. Castiel took the moment to lean in and kiss him on the check. He wanted Dean to know this was a safe place they could be themselves in front of his family.
He gasped. Power corrupted. Chuck was egotistical and evil, Amara was almost uncaring and disinterested. Was that where he was going? He stood up he held out his hands. “I don’t want it.” He grabbed his hair and closed his eyes. He’d make Amara a body… he would give the power to her and give up. He could go home then. He could enjoy life then.
Castiel let his eyes drift close. “We should clean up.” He mumbled as he drifted in and out of sleep.
“Okay, now that it’s mixed we form it into balls and lay it on the cookie sheet.” Dean said. He grabbed some of the dough and balls it in his hands for example.
The door opened and standing there was Claire with her arms crossed glaring at him from underneath heavy eye make-up. “So you just stop by and don’t feel like you should say something.” She huffed
“What a lovely home you have, Dean.” Naomi announced as she came into the kitchen carrying two bottles of wine. “I love the open concept.”
The farmhouse was big, it looked like it had three floors, it was painted white and had a large porch that wrapped around the house, and it also had a small upper floor deck. There were a lot of flowers growing along the house. He let out a whistle as he pulled his car into the first parking spot he spotted.
Dean ran up to the Impala well, as fast as he could run that is. He grumbled in pain as he reached the door of the car. “Ah, Baby, I’m so sorry about that.” He patted the car affectionately. He looked at Castiel and smiled softly. “I think you should drive.”
Naomi and Chuck walked back into the living room. Naomi was still glaring daggers at Dean. Her arms were folded but Chuck had a friendly smile on his face. Dean chewed on his lips wondering who won the argument.
“Yeah…” He sighed. “I hope we can get him back.” The thought of losing his friend to the Empty forever filled him with dread. He squeezed her hand harder. He was glad he had her at least. His heart broke for Dean, poor Dean who had no one now, who was all wrapped up in guilt because of what happened with Castiel. He rubbed his thumb across her hand. No matter what, he was going to save Castiel. He owed Dean that much.
Sam just nodded. They drove in comfortable silence to Crowley’s. If the store wasn’t so far from the house; Castiel would have just walked to the consignment shop but it was too far for him. He’d been gone for too long and probably would have worried Dean.
Castiel rounded the corner to see a woman standing in the center of a room. She was fidging with the bottom of her shirt looking nervous. Across from her was a stunning man, he had sandy hair, pouty lips, and freckles. His lips were quirked in concentration. Castiel raised an eyebrow, it looked the man wasn’t wearing pants. He eased closer as the artist made small talk with the woman in front of him. The artist held a painting close to him, then he thrust forward and that’s when Castiel noticed it. The artist was painting with his dick. He almost gasped. He tried not to laugh. What in the world? Was he actually seeing this?
She shrugged. “You were outside and he offered.” She kissed Lucas on the check and put Jack in his chair.
“No,” He shook his head. “I…” He hesitated as Dean glared at him. He didn’t have a plan. Not a good one anyway. They were fish in a barrel in this situation. He sucked in a breathe. He knew what to do or what had to be done. “I have an idea,” He looked into Dean’s eyes. “But you aren’t going to like it.”
Dean Winchester was ready to let go. The sharp rebar pierced his skin like a lance, he knew it was time; he was ready for it and had been ready for it for years. He knew that deep in his heart as he looked at Sam taking his last few shaky breaths. He was dying. He looked into Sam’s eyes, those red eyes, and tear-stained cheeks. He sucked in a breath that hurt deep in his core. “Let me go, Sammy.” He wheezed.  He had no reason to keep going anymore. Sammy could take care of himself now, Cas was dead, and Jack was God. He had no one to take care of. His sole reason for existing was gone. His body ached the sharp pain in his back grew stronger, deeper sharper more pronounced. He closed his eyes as he heard Sam on the phone with someone. His vision blurred. “Sam, don’t,”
He laughed. “I have bad news. I did invite him over for dinner tomorrow to make up for the incident at the party.”
“Sorry, so yeah, advice from your big brother, give the man a minute if he doesn't contact you then don’t worry about it.”
The group ran up the stairs as fast as they could. Castiel knew they were far from safe. They still had the sheriff to deal with plus all the civilians they rescued. He stopped cold in his tracks when he heard a gun cock. “Dean,” He started
But he ignored him and continued his trek forward. A hand was rising up or at least something that looked like a hand. He reached out to it, Crowley was screaming his name at this point and threatening to leave him as Castiel grasped the hand. With a mighty tug up from the mucky darkness rose, Michael.
Dean stood up dropping the mug in the sink. He knew what he needed. Castiel wouldn’t object to it, he was no longer afraid of him rejecting him. It was time. He made his way upstairs to his bedroom. On the dresser was an old jewelry box that belonged to his mother. His father had gotten for her on their first anniversary. Dean opened it. John had kept it around for years. He never had the heart to donate the jewelry box. His father kept the wedding rings in it. On his passing, he and Sam discussed what to do with the former wedding rings. John had given the whole set to Sam but Sam…
“Yes, I think so.” He picked up the suitcases. He stood there in the room looking around. He sighed.
“You look tired, Dean.” He noticed Dean was also still in his pajamas. “Why don’t you take a shower and relax for a while. I’ll clean up down here.”
“Of course he did, Dean.” He said in a suggestive tone. “Because when you really care about someone you do stuff for them that makes them happy.”
Dean got up from the couch and walked over to the large bay window and looked out. “It’s really coming down out there now. “ He rubbed his arms and shivered. “Makes me cold just looking at it.”         He walked over to him. “I think I’m going to turn on the news and see what they got to say about this. I didn’t actually see the original weather report. I never keep up with this shit.” He confessed. “I think I’m going to make some cocoa, want some?”
“Yes please.” Castiel said. He took his hand and walked down the hall to his room. His heart was full of emotions. He couldn’t believe it he finally got his Dean.
Dean was glad he hid the stuffed bee well in the trunk. No way that Castiel saw it back there. “I know and I will.”
“He’ll be a dead angel.” She said. “Once the Empty goes all grace and demon in there will poof, gone.”
“Oh yeah,” Dean said. He tapped on the steering wheel and started to sing with the music. He studied Castiel though he managed to keep his eyes on the road. About half-way through his version of
“Best.” He responded. He felt boneless and wrung out. He was certainly ready for a good rest now. “How about I return the favor?” He offered
He nodded. He looked over the stuff. . He picked up some flavored lube his face heated up. He looked around as though he was worried about being caught but everyone was too busy focusing on their own thing. He sighed. “I usually do my shopping online.” He confessed
She smirked. “His type? Honey, I caught him glancing over at you when you weren’t looking. I thought,” She shrugged. “You guys were trying to get a threesome together or something.”
“Are you, are you serious right now?” A flicker of hope lit up. Did Michael mean it? Was it actually that easy? His heart pounded in his chest. He could save Cas.
“Dean!” Castiel cried out arching his back. His hands fumbled all over Dean’s body as he reached into his pants.
Dean shook his head. “Nah, man you look good.” You look good? Really Dean? He chuckled as he felt his face grow hot. Though Castiel did look good. Look damn good.
“And down to the cabin.” He stared at the grooves. “It even hid its trail. Clearly, it has some intelligence.”
“I should have everything out when you get back.” Chuck said. “I’ll even make your favorite thing for dinner.” He headed inside the house
Dean laughed. “Well, it isn’t for everyone. I don’t know why I like it. I never really thought about it before just that I enjoy doing it.”
“Honeymoon suite was the only one available my ass.” Dean huffed. “Sam’s just trying to,” He stopped himself as he stared at Castiel. “I… nevermind.” He grabbed one of the trunks. “Beats going in our underwear.” He handed a pair to Castiel. “Put these on.”
He laid his hand on the doorknob. He opened the door. The scent of rain and fresh sheets hit him. Castiel always smelled like a fresh rainstorm. Even human he did, it was strange. He always assumed it was because he wasn’t human but he didn’t know. The man didn’t sweat so that might have something to do with it too. He walked in and closed the door almost afraid of Sam catching him in there like he was doing something wrong. This was Cas’s personal and private space, but then again he wasn’t coming back so… why did it matter?
Castiel felt a brief moment of shame wash over him. What had he done? He had tried to make out with his boss at work no less. In front of other employees as well. Castiel didn’t want to cause trouble for Dean. He didn’t want people to get the wrong idea about Dean or thinking Castiel was using him. Or worse.
“Seemed right.” Dean said. He ran his hands through his hair silently swearing at himself for ruining his hair.
“But he’s fine,” Mostly, “Do you know anything that get you out? I prayed to Jack and he’s not answering.”
Castiel watched him sit down when he felt a tap on his shoulder. He looked to see Sam standing there.
“Okay, honey.” He said. He picked up Castiel’s bag he looked back as Castiel looked back at the bear. He licked his lips and was getting ready to tell Cas just to bring it when Castiel said.
Castiel stood up from the bar. The three of them walked outside the bitter cold air whipped around them and he wished he wore something thicker than his tan coat.
Dean pointed at a tree that was in front of them. “I asked what you thought about this tree.” He pointed at the tall tree
“Wait.” Dean stopped her. “If we get all this snow we probably won’t be able to open the store. Let Claire know okay?”
He closed his eyes and focused on Dean’s breathing and the light touches in his hair. In and out, his breathing was soft and steady. He listened to his heartbeat as it sped up then slowly slowed down. He focused on the sounds… of the essence of Dean laying beside him. Sleep took him then and his dreams were full of him and Dean.
He nodded into his chest as his eyes grew heavy. It was picture perfect, everything he had always wanted. His ending wasn’t in bloodshed or death, his ending was happily ever after.
“Awesome.” He smiled at him. “Never met a beekeeper before.” He tossed the cup into a trashcan. “How much?”
“I have the feeling you aren’t just a ranger.” He narrowed his eyes studying her. “You’re a hunter aren’t you?”
The Uber driver shot them a dirty look from the review mirror. Meg gave the driver an address and they started driving.
Sam rolled his eyes at his ‘matter of fact’ answer. “Okay, Cas.” He walked to his SUV in the driveway and opened the doors.
“Yeah?” He asked gruffly as he focused on going up the stairs. “Dude, has this been a hundred stairs yet?”
“Fine by me, this car has a big trunk so I can fit a lot in it.” He shrugged. “It’s your stuff, man. Bring home what you want I don’t mind. Unless you plan on bringing home an ex that is.”
“That could be it too.” He snorted. “Last time I was home it was with Dereck.” He sighed. “Most likely that is what they are talking about. Mom protesting a stranger staying the night; dad saying that you seem to be an okay guy.”
“Yeah, I just… I kept thinking about how I could have…” He sighed. “That’s over any,” He shook his head.
Thanks for reading. If you enjoyed this then feel free to follow me. I have many more story ideas in the works for my next projects.
He blushed. He laid the coat on the bed. “Where’s Cas?” He asked as he got off the bed. He avoided the subject as if Sam would suddenly drop it now.
Castiel nodded. He looked around the clearing. There weren’t any clear signs of any struggles here. “I don’t believe they were taken from here. If they were there would be broken branches.” He pointed out.
“Okay, Sam.” Dean said. He gently pushed Castiel’s hands off his face. “Ready or not heh.” He laughed humorlessly as he walked out of the office.
“Oh… I am sorry I was worried that… well, this is… the type of situation that lends itself to that.”
He left the office. Claire came into the store. She nodded at him. “S’up.” She said as she walked up to the register. She counted the till. He shook his head. Claire was a bit of a handful. Most people disregarded her as some young punk and ignored her. Dean, however, could see a little bit of himself in her rebellious ways.
“Oh, we won’t,” Dean said as she handed them fluorescent orange vests. Dean put one on and handed the other to Castiel. He nodded at the car and they headed to it.
“Like family?” Castiel repeated. They did seem to be one giant family. Castiel couldn’t help but wonder how he fits into the family though. He was random guy that Dean met and clearly, there was an attraction between the two of them. Dread filled Castiel’s stomach. What if Dean was only being nice to him because he was attracted to him? He looked over at Dean who was smiling fondly at the pictures. No, Dean wasn’t like that. He knew it would take him some time before he trusted another person. He was hesitant with Dean and his crew even though he knew they meant well. They weren’t being nice to him just to get something out of him and he was fairly certain Dean wasn’t being nice to him just to get his dick sucked. But still, old wounds were hard to shake.
“It’s fine, Sam. What did you want to talk about?” Castiel asked. His deep voice muffled by Dean’s shirt
Lucas got up. “Well, since I’m Gabe’s ride to the airport I guess I should get going too.” He sighed. “Kelly needs me at home anyway.” He nodded at Dean. “I will see you later, Dean.”
“I will.” He walked out of the office with Sam and bid him goodbye. He looked at Benny. “Let’s get this place closed up.”
He laughed. “Yes, Cas,” He rested his hand on his shoulder. “He is your boyfriend?” He stated it like a question.
Jack leaned back with a thoughtful look. “True.” He turned to the computer and typed up the words: TV and DVD player. “Something we could do together as a family that would be good.” He added on board games and other family activities. He typed up a few things and added his name at the bottom. “There,” He saved it. “Now I’ll send it to Sam.” He e-mailed the letter. He then tilted his head and looked up at Castiel. “Why doesn’t Santa have e-mail? It would be much easier than actually mailing this?”
They walked up to the house. It had a large wrap around porch, it was an older farm home and was clearly in need of repair. They walked around the side of the house. There were no lights on in the front of the home. They walked around the back where Castiel found a cellar.
They gathered the groceries that they needed. They had split the list among the three of them to make it easier. Chuck had decided to not only get stuff for dinner but to stock up on essentials the family needed at home.
“Okay then, we meet back here at 4:30. Stay in contact, we don’t need to lose anyone else. Dismissed.” She said and the crowd dispersed in multiple directions.
She smirked and looked at Castiel. “Did he tell you I was his first kiss?” She sipped her beer. “Truth or Dare, I picked dare and I was dared to kiss him.” She chuckled. “I’m sure he remembers don’t ya.” She winked at Castiel
Castiel stared at the photos. He looked at Dean’s direction. Dean was whistling as he mixed the cocoa. He smiled. Dean was a kind soul he knew his worries were unfounded. His heart warmed. He knew Dean was being genuine not like his ex-boyfriend. He shuddered at the thought of him; he used to use kindness to manipulate him. How he used sticky sweet words as a fake apology when Castiel was upset with him. How he would worship Castiel to lull him to a false sense of security. How Castiel was stupid enough to fall for it each and every time, thinking he had changed when he didn’t. His mind was snapped back to the present when Dean handed him a mug.
Sam laid asleep on the too firm bed of the motel room. It had been a long hunt, a hard hunt. It was supposed to have been a simple bread run but it turned into a two-day hunt. It was never something as so simple as burn one set of bones. It was always something else. They were too tired to consider driving back home. Castiel had offered to drive them home but Dean had insisted the angel rest as well.
“I don’t know. When I was here I was in some room I heard it,” She shuddered. “Take Billie and the angel.”
“I do.” He looked around the room at the other people mingling. “It’s kind of cool that you guys have such a big family. My family was kind of small. Grandparents died when we were little, my mom passed when I was a kid… just been me, Sam and my uncle Bobby most of my life.”
He chuckled and sniffed pulling back the few rouge tears that wanted to escape. “I know… I know.” He rubbed his eyes. “Thanks, mom, I needed that. I’m going to go check on him.”
Chuck stood there for a minute before he sighed. “Listen, Dean, I’m sorry for how Naomi was acting towards you.” He took a plate and started to dry it. “I promise we aren’t monsters. We are just worried about Cas.” He put the plate away and got another one. “Losing him… no, the thought of losing him scared us more than anything. We,” He put the plate up. “Feared the worst. That last guy we could tell he was bad news. Cas started to change around him. He became this… weird nasty version of himself. He wasn’t our Cas. But you… you brought home our Cas. The one we thought we lost years ago.”
He blinked as if surprised to realize he was in the car. He bent down to the box of tapes and shuffled through them. “I really wonder why in the world you still use tapes. Wouldn’t it be better to install an AUX jack so you can play music from your phone?”
Dean closed his eyes as the ambulance door closed. It would be a while before Sam caught up with them. He would have to deal with the cops, the kids, and the vamps bodies.
“Thanks for uh, helping him.” He licked his lips it felt like a strange thing to say but there it was.
They stayed like that for a while. How long exactly Dean had no idea. They held one another until Castiel finally pulled away with a loud yawn.
He shuddered his mind wandered back to those times with Dereck. How miserable he was. He would wake up alone, go to bed alone, only called upon when Dereck wanted to get off. He pushed those thoughts away. That bastard couldn’t hurt him anymore. He told himself that often to keep him going. Dereck couldn’t hurt him anymore. He didn’t have power over him and thinking of him and his abuse gave him power.
“How… how on Earth did you meet someone like that? I mean,” He unlocked the car and they got in. “You’re so… straight-laced and she is… wild.”
“Is it wise to get in the middle of the search? What if we find the monster while we are searching?” Castiel asked
The two of them got to work packing up Castiel’s worldly possessions and putting up the tent. It took them at least three trips to the car and two cups of coffee before they got it all done. The temperature had dropped even more by then; the sun was starting to sink behind the tree line.
He smiled. “Good, I’m glad you like the gesture.” He pulled out a chair for him and Castiel sat down.
“I guess so.” Dean shrugged. “Nothing hurts.” He lightly touched his stomach and hissed. “Okay that still hurts but there isn’t much I can do about that.” He sighed. “Cas, I… I’m sorry I yelled at you.”
The car ride to the foothills was long and exhausting. Castiel had long lost his sense of humor for a road trip. He began to miss flying. He caught himself staring at the sky daydreaming of the days when could simply think of it and be where he wanted to be. Dean for the most part had been quiet other than occasionally quizzing him on how to kill various creatures they might face. Castiel knew most of it. Though he was unprepared for the weighty feeling when he realized he would have to kill something other than smiting it. He still had his angel blade but that would only help so much. He honestly wasn’t sure it would work on anything other than demons, and fellow angels. He felt as if he should know that, but it wasn’t like it was something that was ever brought up in Heaven. Angel blades were for fighting the good fight against demons. He didn’t even know they worked on other angels until Uriel. A twist formed in his stomach at that thought. He wielded a blade that could kill his own kind… no, his former kind. Now he was human and anything could kill him. Humans were so weak, so soft. Nausea rolled through him. He could easily die during this hunt, so could Dean.
“Let’s talk.” He said. He slid out of his coat and sat on the couch. He looked up at Dean his blue eyes dark and serious.
Dean looked up to the heavens with a scoff. “Well excuse me for not knowing about a giant rock right in the middle of the trail.” He pulled on the duffle bag on his shoulders. “I thought this thing was deeper in the trail or off on its own.”
They ate fast and drank the coffee pot dry. Sam arrived quickly. The two of them walked outside to the SUV. Sam was driving and Benny was in the back leaving a spot for Dean in the front. Dean thought to protest but decided against it. Sam was his brother after all and he had more than enough time to spend with Castiel. He climbed in and Castiel got into the back.
The man walked forward and Dean stepped back a flash of fear shot through him. What was this guy doing? The bedraggled man sat down the backpack and opened it. He laid the books down in it and Dean caught sight of personal belongings in the bag. Then Dean noticed the sleeping bag rolled up in the corner. The man must be homeless.
“Hiya, Sammy,” Dean said with a fake smile. “I’d kill for a burger.” He said as he poked at the food in front of him.
“I can’t sleep.” She took the beer from him and took a long drag of it before handing it back to him. “I saw your light on and thought I’d stop by.” She sighed. “Can’t sleep either?”
He made another bowl for Sugar. He walked upstairs to his bedroom. Sugar hated visitors. If it wasn’t Castiel she wasn’t interested. Sugar was a white Noergien Forest cat who wasn’t a fan of strangers. His last boyfriend that came into the house tried to pet Sugar and she rearranged his hand. Needless to say when the boyfriend told him that it was either him or the cat Castiel became delightfully single again. “Sugar,” He called to the cat. There was a nasal meow from under the bed. “I got food.” He sat the bowel down
He smiled. Maybe this wouldn’t be too bad. As long as he had Castiel beside him he could take on anything life threw at him.
Sam smiled. “Well, someone was going to do it.” He turned on the stove. “I didn’t think you would be single forever.”
“No, I just, it’s been a rough few days…” He rubbed his eyes. “Seeing you smile again,” He rubbed his eyes. “I was worried I would never see it again.”
“Don’t do that to yourself. I know what you are doing, it isn’t your fault. We will save her, okay?”
Dean sighed and picked up the fallen plate. He rinsed it back off and dried it. Castiel was going to be the death of him. He already snuck up on him twice and scared him half to death. Not to mention him wondering into his kitchen mostly naked. He defiantly had some good material for the spank bank now. But then there was the maybe kiss. He groaned and shook his head. He was so confused about if Castiel wanted him or not but he knew one thing for sure he wanted Castiel. He wanted to take away all that past pain from him and worship him like the angel he was. Dean knew that for certain. Now he just had to make sure Castiel didn’t scare him to death before then.
She snatched up her drink. “But I do see Hannah out there and she’s going to need a wing-woman if she’s looking to pick up a date.” She leaped off the barstool. “See you later.”
“Does it bother you? I don’t want there to be a strain on our relationship because of it.” He rubbed his arm. “You are a brother to me and I don’t… I don’t want us not to be close anymore because I and Dean make you uncomfortable.”
She walked into the room. “Gabriel told us Dean got sick.” She looked at Dean her face one of pity. She crossed the room and laid her arm on Dean’s forehead much like Castiel did. “Oh dear, he’s got a fever.”
Castiel walked into the kitchen almost as if he sensed that he needed help. Hell, Dean was pretty sure Castiel could sense everything about him at this point. Castiel picked up two of the mugs. “I got them.” He informed him. “Oh, by the way, Sam invited Rowena to celebrate Christmas with us.”
Sam got up with a bowel. He walked around Dean chanting something in a langue he didn’t know. There was an eerie glow that surrounded him and Michael. “Okay,” He said the bowel down. “That should do it.”
Castiel glanced back at him then looked away barely acknowledging his existence. His deep blue eyes were narrow and barely full of emotion. Dean felt like he was being scolded somehow and he hadn’t done anything… yet.
Dean almost dropped the phone. He huffed. “Don’t talk nonsense, Sammy. Cas is going to come back. He told me.”
“Wait,” Castiel stopped her. “I do not know what he is planning but,” He sighed. “You can come with us.”
He blinked. “Huh? I mean…” He looked down at him. “I guess I do.” He felt himself blush. He chewed on his lower lip. He had never really thought about it before that he really cared about Dean from the bottom of his heart. He stared at him and smiled again. His heart did a little flip in his chest when Dean curled up on his side and snuggled down into the coat. He could feel Sam watching him. He looked at him. “I am… uh; going to go and get you guys some food.”
A short man with brown hair smiled. “Hiya.” He took Dean’s hand and shook it. “Nice to know that Cas finally got him a man.”
Castiel kissed him on the lips and that was all it took. He was emptying himself into Cas’s hands. He groaned into his mouth and Castiel swallowed the sounds. It was filthy and sexy. It felt so dangerous and risky to have sex in Castiel’s family home but it also thrilled Dean. Of course, Dean would rather be screaming out his name like he did at home but… at least he got off.
“Meg.” He smiled at her as they embraced. They hugged each other for a long time and Dean did his best to try not to feel jealous.
“How do I look?” Castiel asked trying to sound… what was the word seductive. Just like he had seen in the movies.
“I find people are less weirded out by it if I make small talk.” He laughed. “So what do you do for a living?”
Castiel shot his mother a hard look then nodded. “I accept your apology. However, stop bringing up what I’ve done and treating Dean unfairly. Okay?”
“I’ll be back, Dean.” He promised. He walked out of the room and Dean listened to him walk down the stairs
“Good.” He looked away and down at his plate. He was secretly proud of himself for picking a good wine to pair with the food.
He bit back a growl. He wanted to tell her off. He could sense Castiel holding him back. No wonder Cas was so hesitant to come home. How dare she think so little of him? He was a businessman how was that not good enough for her?
She nodded and they continued eating. When dinner was done they washed and put away dishes. Castiel decided to head home after that.
“I’ll make it.” Dean let go of his hand as he stood up. Castiel considered protesting letting Dean cook but he had noticed he was stubborn. Most likely if he told Dean to sit and rest Dean would be offended. “How about waffles?”
He stared at his hand. His brain finally caught up to the rest of him as they walked. Soon they stopped at a small park area with a tree and a bench that faced a hill lined with flowers. “Wow.” He mumbled. This was not what he had in mind when Dean asked if he wanted to take the date elsewhere. He had something more along the lines of the two of them and a bed. Well bed optional but the two of them together and naked… and he needed to stop thinking like that before he embarrassed himself.
Getting up, Castiel looks to Dean. "Dean, just drop it." He says, grabbing onto Dean's arm. He's had enough of this.... "Come on, or else I'm not making you food."
Dean knows Sam could be right, and these vampires are doing a good thing by keeping the werewolf population down, but they're still monsters. He thinks that maybe they should probably check this out a little more, just to be sure this isn't just a one off thing.
“Alright, I talked with mom and Eileen.” Sam says, walking into Dean and Castiel’s room with a list of things for them to buy from the store. “We figured out a few easy things we can make.”
"Okay, so I've called Jody. She and the girls are going to come over in a couple days right before Christmas." Sam says, just as Dean walks into the library. "And Jody has promised to bring some food with her." He adds, noticing how Dean's eyes only just start to light up at that. "I called Donna, too, and she'll be coming over as well."
He’s not entirely sure if he and Eileen bought enough decorations, but they don’t necessarily have to decorate every room in the bunker. They mostly only need to decorate the library room, and that’ll probably be enough. But if they haven’t bought enough decorations, they can always go back out to the store at a later date.
. I don't know if they've ever appeared in anything else or it's just a thing in Big Wolf, but I've been meaning to add them into a Supernatural fic for the longest time, and now I finally have!
The vibration from the room shaking alerts Eileen, and she looks up, expecting danger. But she gasps as she sees the shadow of the angel’s broken wings spread out across the wall behind him.
And now Dean’s fallen asleep. Which is usually what happens after they’ve had sex. He falls asleep almost straight away after.
Jack smiles at the praise. He's happy that he could be of help to Dean and Castiel on the case without having gone out with them.
He had hoped that this wouldn't happen for awhile yet, but from Dean's distraught state and the fading presence of the Empty, it has happened. Castiel is gone, and there's nothing they can do to get him back this time.
As if on cue, Jack comes running into the library carrying an old book and what appears to be a couple old case files.
They had decided to stop off at some diner to get something to eat before checking into a motel. And of course, Dean just had to get one of the diner's biggest burgers.
“Alright.” Castiel nods. “I don’t care what movie we watch anyway.” He says. “I’m happy with anything.”
"That we should." Dean nods, slinging his duffel bag with everything they'll need over his shoulder after putting his laptop in the bag too. "Come on."
Jack isn't entirely sure of the need for Dean to randomly exclaim that he and Castiel have finished making pie. But he supposes that's just how Dean is.
Just, depending on who the werewolves are that these cobiescu vampires choose to go after. They can go after whatever werewolves they want to, just as long as they don't go anywhere near Garth and his family.
Besides, Castiel asked what he could do to help lift his mood right now, and this will potentially help.
So he goes around to everyone, and asks which flavours they'd prefer. Which helps narrow it down a lot, thankfully, and he gets right back to making each of them.
Sam looks to his mother and Eileen, who’ve both stopped, and are waiting for what they’re to do next.
Sam shrugs. "We could put it up now, or wait until later." He says. He's not too fussed on when they'll put the tree up. "We could get something to eat first I guess."
So for the next fifteen or so minutes, Castiel chooses to sit at the table in the kitchen with a mug of hot coffee. He doesn’t need to eat or drink, but he’s developed an odd liking to coffee among other things. There isn’t
It does however seem to be what they're hunting. The victims are werewolves, and the killings are consistent with every other vampire killing he's ever seen.
Sam looks confused at Castiel’s words, before he laughs, realizing what he had said and how it must’ve sounded to the angel. Castiel must’ve taken it as they put actual angels on top of Christmas trees.
does appreciate it, but it’s not entirely the help he had in mind. He’d prefer it if Dean were to be a bit more helpful.
Here's a link to the Big Wolf on Campus episode if anyone's interested!; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxzBeLTLNDE
“Well, just so you don’t burn the bunker down.” Dean says, making his way towards the kitchen. “Come on!”
"I don't know..." Dean says. "But I think maybe we need to do some research. And figure out what the hell is going on here, and why a vampire is feeding on a werewolf."
"By the way. Eileen and I found something at the store you might like." Sam starts, having just remembered that he and Eileen managed to find in the candy section at the store not long before they were ready to leave.
By the time Dean's stopped sobbing, he's not sure how many minutes or even hours have passed. He feels like he can barely function as he sits leaning against the wall in the exact same spot he was when the Empty came and took Cas away from him.
They don't fancy staying out for too long, especially around this time of year when practically every store is super busy. So they make their way around the supermarket as fast as they can, while grabbing everything they need plus a few extras and setting them down in the cart.
Castiel sighs, shaking his head. “While I do appreciate that, Dean. I’d prefer a little more help than that.”
“You forget how to knock, Sammy?” Dean asks as he takes the list from Sam. “You’re lucky Cas is under the blankets, cause he’s not wearing any pants.”
helping!” Dean says. “I’m keeping watch for any fires.” He holds up the fire extinguisher he has sitting on the floor next to him. “And I’m instructing you on what to do!”
While he’s at it, he decides he can bring some more food to Dean. Just in case he wakes up before he returns to their room and questions where he went off to. Maybe he can attempt to make a burger for Dean. Although, he’s not very skilled in cooking….
"Cas." He chokes, looking up, tears streaming down his face. "I don't know if you can hear me, but…" He stops, trying to bring himself to say the words he should've said years ago. "I… I should've told you years ago. I… I love you. I've
But monsters that actually have no need to feed on humans at all, and live off the blood of other monsters instead? This is new to him.
, it's it's all available on YouTube! Not in the greatest quality, as it's all crappy VHS recordings, but they're still very much watchable. However, there is finally an account on YouTube that's posting every episode in HD quality
"We need milk, cheese, potatoes, cauliflower, pasta…" Jack reads through the list as he walks bedside Castiel while pushing the shopping cart in front of him. "Is pasta something you usually have at Christmas?"
Sam smiles. It seems Jack has found out exactly what Dean and Castiel could be hunting. "Good job, Jack."
"Fine." He sighs, getting up and heading off towards the kitchen. He's not happy about it of course, but... he'll just deal with it later.
He doesn't even want to get up. All he wants is for Castiel to be back here with him safe and sound, and
It doesn’t take very long for everyone to start piling into the kitchen, although Castiel notices Sam frown as he sees that it’s burgers for lunch. Not exactly what he was hoping for, but he should have known it'd be burgers again if Dean's the one who sorted out lunch.
Jack on the other hand though.... Sam's not sure if he has found anything. He had sent him down to look through the books in one of the storage rooms in the hopes that there may be something in there.
Castiel turns to Dean, unsure of why Dean is claiming they took hours to make. It was only an hour tops. “It didn’t take
Castiel makes his way over to him, but doesn’t take a seat. “I uh… want to apologize for my method in distracting Dean while you-” He starts, but Sam cuts him off.
He's not sure what the appeal us of what Sam is suggesting, but he also doesn't quite understand why Dean doesn't seem to be happy with it. Its not like it's anything life threatening... at least, he thinks it's not....
He shakes his head, moving to the bed to look through the food Castiel brought in. And as he sees the pie, he let's out a sound in success.
Unfortunately Dean knows the answer to that, but it hurts. It hurts so much, and he wishes it didn't have to be like that.
“Are you in a better mood now, Dean?” Castiel asks, once both he and Dean have cleaned up after their activities.
Dean has never even heard of this vampire before, and he's about ninety nine point nine percent sure that there's no mention of them in dad's journal. He's never seen them mentioned in there before anyway, and he's read dad's journal front to back many times over the years. He'd know if he's seen any mention of them in there.
As Castiel watches Dean, he notices what appears to be a bit of uncertainty and hesitation in the tone of his voice. Almost like he's unsure of why he's against decorating the bunker. Though he doesn't comment on it.
They sat at a booth. Kali appeared shortly with two cups of coffee and a pastry. “Pastry is on the house. You two enjoy.” She walked away
He almost screamed feeling like he got caught snooping on someone. He regained his composure seeing that it was his mother. “Hello, mother.” He answered
“You are just making a scene.” Castiel said. He took his niece under her arm and looked over at Dean. “Sorry.” He ushered her away from everyone.
“Yes, this one,” he showed him the green ball. “Makes me think of you. It’s the same color green as your eyes.”
Sugar took off running upstairs as soon as Dean walked in. Mr. Cat glared at him like he had a lot of nerve to step into his home.
“Yeah, but everything looks okay from here.” Dean started to walk along the edge starting at the bushes and trees growing around the trail. He stopped and frowned staring down the mountain.
“Good thing he’s got more of those than you or else I’d be offended.” He laughed. “No, but really, I am happy for you two. Just knowing you two will be happy together and using that big house as a home.” He paused. “It makes me happy.” He sniffed
“You can eat in the dining room.” Dean said as he pointed to the double door that led to the dining area.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, we are,” He pulled out his wallet and a fake credit card. He ran it. “Say, uh, I heard a rumor when we were checking in that someone went missing a few days ago, is that true?”
Thanks for reading. I have another long week ahead of me next week so there may not be an update. It depends on how I feel.
Dean laughed. He started the car and headed to a thrift store. He knew the owner of the store and knew that lots of books usually ended up on the shelves of this thrift store and that the owner had a hard time selling them so he had them on the cheap. He pulled into the parking lot.
“Love, I know,” She smiled. “The love you have for your brother and the love he has for one angel. As I said, I’ve been here.” She shook her head. “I… I can’t help you.” She sighed
Dean laughed. “I was. I don’t know if you were but I was.” He looked into Castiel’s eyes. “Listen, Cas, I… I’m terrible at words and all but…” He sighed and sat on the hood of the car. “I wanted… listen you and I have been doing this for a while and I wanted to get my feelings out there. I was…” He shook his head and let out an annoyed sound
They loaded up in the car. They went to the homeless shelter. Dean delivered the box of food. The woman that received it thanked him and he went back to the car feeling pretty good about himself. He caught sight of Castiel who smiled at him. He smiled back. He was nervous but excited to get back home. After all, the two of them were finally going to talk.
After they woke up they got in the shower and got dressed. Dean had gone back to worrying about getting everything ready much to Castiel’s disappointment.
“Good.” Dean nodded to the restaurant. “My dish washer called in again. I’m short-staffed and I got a lot to do so I can use some help. I’ll pay you in cash.”
“I wasn’t.” He thought it was cute but he certainly wasn’t going to tell him that. “Alright let’s get this done.”
“I can’t or else I would.” She fiddled with her hands. “A regular everyday repear like me, can’t pull people from the Empty. I can send you there but…”
He laid his hand on Dean’s face. “Only if you will join me.” He felt Dean’s face heat under his hand.
“Here, let’s get that off it will tarnish in the water anyway.” He removed the necklace in question. Dean suddenly felt naked with it gone. Well, he was naked but he felt even more naked than before. Losing the weight of it around his neck felt weird and Dean wasn’t so sure he liked being without it.
Dean winced. No matter how many times he heard it he still couldn’t believe what the boy had done. And he encouraged it. He was an ass. “Jack, I,”
Gabriel glanced back at the house then frowned. “I don’t suppose you won’t join me for some coffee this evening and catch up.”
“If you… if you have something to say then just say it. I may understand humans better than when I first arrived but…” He sucked in a breath he didn’t need. “Perhaps it is better if you just tell me what exactly you mean.”
Dean put his ball down, he lined his club up swaying his butt far more than necessary, and tapped the ball. The ball rolled down the path and right into the hole. “Hole in one.” He winked at him.
“Fine.” He snipped. Sam gave him a small sad smile then left. Dean closed the door and sat on the bed. In his room, the pain wasn’t so bad. He laid down on the bed and stared at the ceiling. He rolled over and opened the bedside table. He shouldn’t do this it would only make the pain worse. He pulled out a photo of him and Castiel. He smiled at it.
“No, she told me she was going to deal with it. She insisted I go with you to the hospital because I was so worried.” He clutched the steering wheel. He could see why angels viewed emotions as a weakness. Because he was so worried about Dean the ranger put herself in harm's way. She could very well be dead and it would be his fault.
Castiel regained his composure. They spent the next couple of hours swapping stories as Meg and Castiel caught up. Dean felt a little bit like a third wheel at times but Castiel would make a point to make him feel included. It bugged him some to be left out but it was better than nothing. As long as Castiel was happy he was happy.
Castiel nodded. Though he doubted anyone would willingly come up here to attack Dean. The Winchester brothers were pretty famous among hunters.
He shook his head. “You don’t tell a ranger you are looking into demonic activity. Especially when we are playing vacationing husbands.” He pulled his suit out of the bag. “Civilians aren’t going to understand what we are looking for. You got to ask the questions without being… direct. Skirt around the subject see what you can learn.”
“Good,” He nodded as he took a fork full of mac and cheese. “I was thinking… maybe we can go up there soon before I wimp out and change my mind.”
He stared at his brother. He wanted to tell him off, to tell him it was his home and nothing was going to change it but… Sam did have a point. Dean looked around the room, everything here in the Bunker reminded him of all his losses. He was tired and tired of it. He needed a vacation. Hell, he almost died he owned himself that much, right? “Okay, fine.” He huffed. “But if she wants to paint nails and braid hair I’m out.”
“Castiel, what the Hell are you doing!” Crowley bellowed. “We need to go. Now!” He shouted gesturing wildly at the angel
Dean nodded. As he watched Castiel get the buns out. “Yeah, true you did sort of just snap back into existence.” He flipped the burgers over and added cheese. “It’s kind of weird.”
“I do.” He laughed. “I miss him, Claire. I miss him so much it hurts sometimes. I miss his frowns, his soft smiles, his deep voice, his… his confusion.”
Dean looked down at Castiel. He sighed easing himself out of his shoes and laid down beside him. He was tired. It was a long week. Hell, it was a long year. He laid there listening to Castiel breath happy to hear it when suddenly Castiel bolted upright. “Whoa!”
“That sounds good.” He nodded. He took a sip of his drink and studded Dean as he ate his burger. Dean was a messy eater but somehow it was adorable. Castiel spotted that he had mustard on his cheek and before he knew it; he was reaching up with a napkin and cleaning Dean’s face.
“N-no…” he shook his head. They all stared at him. “Okay, yes it is.” He sighed. “Cas wants to be a writer and since he doesn’t like e-readers I thought maybe he would… you know… like a typewriter.” He rubbed the back of his neck feeling his face warm up.
“I uh, learned about not living in the past from dad. He… had some regrets about you know what happened with mom. I remember once I was…” He sighed. “I used to live in the past. I would constantly go ‘what if’ and ‘if I did this instead’ and he sat me down and said to me ‘Son, you can’t live in the past. You will make yourself crazy asking about what-ifs and what could have been. You got two things: you have now and the future and that’s what you need to focus on.’ It really got me thinking, you know? So that’s how I live my life.”
“I know I just… I don’t know.” He sighed. “I just worry I’m going to walk in there and there is like the whole family there with a huge banner welcoming me back or something.”
Satisfied, Dean flopped over beside Castiel. He pulled him to him and kissed him in the haze of orgasm. “I love you.”
The bartender looked to them then back to him. “But… I suppose you weren’t paying attention to her where you?”
He nodded as he chewed on his burger. He cleaned his mouth with his napkin. He took Castiel’s plate and slid his now empty one in front of him while Castiel nursed on his coffee. “So… you like green eyes and freckles?” He asked with a mouth full of food.
They ate finalizing the rest of their plans. Castiel was excited to have this date. He couldn’t wait. He was eager to try new things. He never got to have fun as an angel. Everything was always about the mission. He had learned to enjoy TV thanks to Dean then later books thanks to Sam. But he wanted to experience more. Even before he lost his grace, he wanted to experience different things. So this learning opportunity was great for him.
He did start to feel a lot better by the third day. He woke up his eyes felt heavy and his throat was still sore. He felt heat beside him. He rolled over to see Castiel sound asleep. He looked so peaceful. Dean wanted to run his fingers through his hair and touch his skin. His hand hovered above his body and paused. He really should let him sleep. Castiel had stayed by his side taking care of him and he wasn’t sure when he rested if he did.
They pulled into the driveway, there is another car in the driveway. It was Lucas’s car. “Looks like Lucas is here.” Dean pointed out. He heard Castiel make a noise.
Castiel stared at their hands interlaced. His eye focused on them, he sighed then got back in the bed with Dean.
“Yeah…” He fought back tears. “I didn’t… I didn’t even get to tell him that I… you know… with him too.”
She eyed him with suspicion. “Not really I guess. It’s a dangerous mountain like most mountains but… most of these people the sheriff said they aren’t experienced climbers so I guess that happens.” She handed Dean his receipt. “You enjoy your stay now.”
They got in the car. Dean started it up and started driving. “So what gives? She was what you wanted, right?”
He smiled. “They are more than pretty, bees often favor these. I used to watch the honey bees collect pollen from them when I was in school.”
Castiel was worried about Dean’s stitches but he kept it to himself. He didn’t want to upset Dean even more than he already was. He looked around the group of people the hikers were huddled together nervously as Sara looked over them for injuries. “Dean, what do we do? We can’t get all these civilians involved.”
He nodded. “I will try not to. It is a rather large store but they sell both used and new books from my understanding.”
“Monster got the upper hand on me. It’s bound to happen since we aren’t the center of Chuck’s universe anymore.” He tried to shrug which was hard given he was on his side.
Castiel felt himself blush. He looked at Dean who was as red as a tomato. “Brace yourself, Dean, Gabriel is far worse about teasing than Lucas ever thought about being.”
“No? Because that’s what it felt like. You just begged me to let you go, like the only reason you haven’t…” His face contorts into a pained expression. His voice trembled as he continued to speak. “Like the only reason you are still alive is because you think I need you.”
Castiel huffed. “Okay fine.” Then he walked out of the bathroom. Dean heard the thump of the bedroom door indicating that Castiel had left.
Castiel couldn’t help but join in the laughter. This felt right. It felt different somehow. He was, of course, close to his brother but this felt different. It felt like this is how it should have been the whole time. He felt a tug at his heart. If he hadn’t gotten his head stuck up his ass and only paid attention to Dreck he could have had this relationship with Lucas this whole time. He could have been at his wedding; he could have held Jack as a baby. Regret hit him. It flooded into his heart. He missed so much of his family’s life. He dropped his fork as he tried to contain his tears. Emotions overwhelmed him. He couldn’t have a breakdown not while they were having a good time. He tried to will himself to stop but he wasn’t having much luck with it.
Anna and Meg were two completely different people. The only reason they even knew each other was because of Castiel. He doubted they would be friends if not for him. He knows they don’t hang around each other when he isn’t around. Anna is the ‘go find your soulmate, there’s someone for everyone’ type and Meg is the ‘ride them hard and hang them up wet’ type. He likes to think of them as the angel and demon on his shoulder respectively.
He was laughing? Why was he laughing? Panic shot through Dean. He stood up quickly as his face heated up. Oh no, no, no he messed up. “Why are you?”
“It didn’t go exactly as I planned but it’s what I wanted. All of us like a family celebrating together…” he smiled at his angel and kissed him again. “And that’s the best present of all.”
They would arrive a day before Castiel’s siblings would get there. They had agreed to let Castiel reconnect with their parents before they would come in. Dean thought it was very nice of the siblings to let Cas have his moment with their parents before they got involved. Gabriel was the one setting all this up.
Eileen frowned. She wasn’t exactly comfortable with the idea of them being friends with the former witch turned Queen of Hell. Eileen never met her though and if Sam was being honest he knew if the shoe was on the other foot he wouldn’t trust her either. “Can you trust her?”
Sam sighed. “Come on, Dean. Try it on first then frown.” He held it up to his chest. “The red will bring out your eyes.”
The pudgy British man smiled at him. “Castiel, I see you made it.” He nodded at Sam. “Along with, moose.” He opened up the glass case in front of him pulling out the jewelry. Castiel had wasted no time when he made his decision to propose to Dean. He called Sam, and Sam contacted Crowley who informed him he had rings. “Most of these rings came from husbands or wives looking to flip an old wedding ring.” He picked up one and held it out. “I hope you aren’t superstitious.” He teased with a wink.
“I do… Cas, I’ve felt this way for a long time and seeing him… or me that not me with you pissed me off.” He reached up and touched his cheek. “The only version of me I want with you is me…” He laughed. “That sounded so stupid.” He shook his head.
He felt buzzing under his skin. It was Amara. He rubbed his arm again. She tended to make him feel itchy for some reason. He tried to push her away but he blinked. He could see her in his mind as if she was there beside him.
“No,” he shook his head. “I don’t have a problem with him. I like him… but, Dean,” He sighed. “What if Cas isn’t ready to settle down?”
and they played it while they waited on dinner to be done. Dean though, he had fun, spent most of his time in his headspace. He felt off still. He wanted to go lay back down and go to sleep.
It was a cold February day, or so that’s what Castiel had heard. He, however, could not feel the cold weather. He knew it was cold because Dean was complaining about it on the way into the bar. He stared at his drink. It was February fourteenth, Valentine’s day… or Unattached Drifter Christmas as Dean referred to it.
“That’s nothing new,” Gabriel said as he crossed his arms. “Father has been doing that since we were first created. Pitting you and Lucifer against each other, coming up with this ridiculous idea of how the world should end…”
He snickered. He turned on the kettle brewing Dean some tea. He took the steaming mug into the living room. “Here drink this and rest.”
“It is.” She smiled warmly as she laid her head on his chest. She ran her fingers along his chest as he rubbed her shoulders.
He walked down to the room that Castiel was using. He kept spare bedding in a closet by the laundry room. He opened up the closet and got a blanket. He looked into Castiel’s room and spied the bear. He walked into the room. He felt like an intruder. This was Castiel’s space now. He took it all in. All of his books were on the shelf. Dog-eared and well-read. His bed was neatly made up with the bear sitting in the middle of the bed. He picked it up and headed upstairs with the blanket plus the bear.
He sighed and closed his eyes. “I feel silly.” He sensed Dean wave his hands over his face. “I assure you they are closed.”
“We take a photo at the beginning of every year. I don’t have them all out. I try to keep them so I have a memento of all my employees. The restaurant is like a second family to me.”
“Well, I mean… whatever Sam needs us to do if anything. He… scryed earlier and got in contact with me.”
“Of course.” Castiel said he looked at Dean and asked permission with his eyes. Dean was the one sick he may not feel up to having guests around in the room.
He nodded. He pulled out the CDs first and handed them to Dean. Dean looked through them. “I had no intention of leaving my music that was an unfortunate accident.”
“We float up together. We are supporting each other. We aren’t weighing one another down with drama and other nonsense.”  He put his hand on his hip and pulled him closer to him
“Cas,” His voice was sad. “You don’t have to be ashamed. I mean, look how far you have come from this.”
“Cas was bullied pretty regularly at school, especially when his brother wasn’t around. One day, I was going to lunch and these big guys were trying to get him to do their homework and they well were getting ready to beat him. I jumped in and stopped them.” She sipped her drink. “We have been friends ever since.”
Dean felt put on the spot, he licked his lips and blurted out the first thing that came to his mind. “Some pie would be nice.”
“Yeah, you’re welcome,” Dean said. “But uh, if you ever need help with something you can contact us.”
Castiel glanced at Crowley who was staring at the ground beside him. The demon stepped back to let him get a full view. The floor (even though it isn’t technically a floor since it’s a vast array of nothingness) was writhing, and moving as if alive. He let out a gasp against his will as it pulsed and moved. The first thing that came to his mind was that it was the Shadow, but they would be mocking him now. Screaming taunts and threats like before. This was different, the movements were more… purposeful. It was almost like something was trying to rise out of the darkness. He started to move towards it.
am I supposed to be on your side, Dean?" Castiel turns to him, tilting his head to the side. "And... I don't understand the appeal of Christmas, but I don't see why it's a bad thing if we celebrate and decorate the bunker."
. As of posting this chapter, the account only has the first 14 episodes up for season one, but they appear to be posting a new episode every three days. The account is encore+ :)
He hopes that Cas can hear him, but he knows that it's likely that he can't. Not in the Empty. But he's choosing to believe the small sliver of hope that Cas can hear him. He
“I think my cousin is still working on the name.” He smiled. He looked at Dean who looked at him with genuine interest again. “You should come and see the farm. We are actually going to be having a beer and wine festival next week.”
“Nothing but the best for my baby.” Dean put the waffles in the toaster then stuck the box back in the freezer. “I should be ashamed of having ‘easy food’ around the house but even a restaurant owner gets lazy every once in a while.” He winked at Castiel as the toasted ejected the waffles.
I have decided to shorten this story down to just three chapters. I apologize I ran out of steam and just decided to go with just three chapters.
Castiel followed Dean outside. He smiled. He had an impact on Dean as much as Dean had an impact on him. He watched as Dean climbed into the hot tub; his leg muscles flexing. He licked his lips. There was something about Dean’s legs that were… fascinating.
“Oh really?” She said sarcastically. “Gee I don’t think I noticed since my dad became a vessel for an angel and my mom vanished and,”
Dean smiled. He had Cas and the blossom. He looked into his blue eyes. “Cas, I need to tell you something,”
He looked at him his mouth open a little bit. Normally it would be a stupid expression that Dean would tease him about but he was trying to be serious.
“It’s not okay!” He yelled. “It’s not okay, he died thinking I didn’t love him. I never told him, hell, I never thought that he could have… I never told him how I felt because I…” he shrugged
He got out of bed and retrieved his phone from its charger. There weren’t any new messages. He sighed. Maybe this Dean person didn’t get on Facebook much. Maybe he was like his uncle and only got on Facebook when he was on his computer. He frowned to himself as he collected fresh clothes. He headed into the bathroom taking off his current clothes. He tossed them in the hamper making note that he needed to do laundry. He washed up and got dressed.
Dean sighed. This was more complicated than he thought to be with a man who had a kid at home. Especially a teenager that he actually had in class. He backed the car out of the spot and down the road. He looked over at Castiel a few times as the other man stared ahead. He clearly had a lot on his mind. The beekeeper glanced at him and smiled. Dean was fairly certain he would do anything to stay with this man. His beat fast in his chest. He sighed he was pretty sure he was falling for the guy. He reached out and took Castiel’s hand and held it as he drove. Yup, he was falling in love with Castiel.
“Uh…” That was a good question. Dean would be embarrassed if they didn’t work. It certainly would throw a wrench in his plans. He plugged one set in and they lit up. “These work.”
I have started my full-time job that has a long commute so the next chapter might be a bit of a way off.
“You seem to take after your mom a lot.” He stated as he looked at the woman in the picture. Dean had sandy blond hair unlike his mother though but they both had vibrant green eyes. He could tell by the warm expression on her face she was a loving woman. Looking at it made him miss his own mother.
He laid there staring at the back of his head for a minute. He didn’t know what to do. He knew what he wanted to do but he didn’t think Dean would like it much.
Dean nodded and got to shoveling he was excited to get home now. When they got done it was getting late. Dean decided they should head back. When they walked into the restaurant Sam and Benny were waiting for them.
Castiel shook him off and glared at his brother. “How dare you! You don’t know me you don’t know what happened to me!” He shook his head tears gathered in his eyes. “I was abused you brat, I wasn’t allowed out of my home, my phone was taken from me.” He clenched his fists. “He… treated me like some sex slave for years. Years. The… emotional toll I went through was almost unbearable. I… God, Alfie, it took everything in me to escape to fight for myself. You can think what you want about me.” He slammed his hands on the table so loud it made Dean flinch. “But leave Dean out of it.” He choked back a sob. He turned away from the table and stormed out of the house.
“No, not that I can tell.” He let out a frustrated sigh. He ran his hands through his hair. “I keep going over this stuff. It just doesn’t make any sense. Whatever it is, it’s good. There’s not a hint to anything as to what it could be.”
He rubbed his eyes and sniffed. “You’re right,” He sighed. “I feel stupid about getting upset.” He pulled away from his mother. “It’s… it’s been tough…” He looked away from her. “He, I, I uh, haven’t trusted anyone for a long time. I… he means so much to me.”
He pulled out his clothes and stuck them in the dresser. More than anything he wanted to be alone but Sam didn’t trust him to be alone. He understood why, the last time Cas was gone he was reckless. Now that he had no chance of him coming back, he’d probably just let nature take its course. There was a knock at the door snapping him out of his thoughts. “Yeah,”
“Shoot.” She cursed as she struggled to get the flowers to stay on the alter. She looked up at Jody and him. “I tell ya, we should have made sure the yard was flat enough for this.” She laughed as she propped the vase up against the microphone. “Think anyone will notice?”
