The picture moved to show the two angels holding hands, running through scenes of old together turning the cold, cool colors of the land to a warm, bright, vivid palette.
The hunter thanked her, hopping out of the car and making his way to Cain. He waved the doctor down who paused, waiting for the other by the door. A haunted look in Cain's eyes but Sam decided against asking him about it. After all he was a doctor, he couldn't imagine some of the stuff the doctor must have seen in his time.
"Listen to this," the demon continued, Abel didn't want to listen to what the angel silently thought but it seemed the demon was determined to tell him anyway.
"So, you and Israfil,"
"Shit!" Cain gasped, Israfil ignored whatever Sam had said to him. He turned back to the door, racing to the bed and snatching the guitar. With that he bound after his friend, throwing himself from the second floor and landed hard on his sneakers.
"That's awesome and all," Abel interrupted, "but we're look--"
"Please? You're so big and strong,"
The group decided to stay the night in the hotel room before heading out in the morning. The morning of the lunar Eclipse.
"What the fuck!" One of them hollered, glaring up at the devil's trap on the ceiling. They had placed it to the side so Baal could easily maneuver around it.
"I need to take Abel to see mother," he murmured, "that'll be what makes me decide." He glanced at Cherm who smiled broadly at him.
“Well, you always seemed to get into fights with the man” The woman said, turning Abel’s blood to ice as Vess sighed, it was there he saw it in the janitors hands. A snow globe, inside sat a darkness with no shape.
"Debra? Cancel the rest of my rounds today," he said simply, placing the phone down without waiting for an answer. He didn't care if she did or not, that'd be bad news for whoever made the drive to the hospital to see him but it didn't matter to Cain.
"Behind you is an instrument. Play it,"
"It wasn't just that," Abel replied with a hint of annoyance in his voice. They sat on the back of the Impala, Abel racing his fingers over the cold metal while Chamuel sat beside him fiddling with the video camera.
Chamuel growled as the phone call went to voicemail,
"Mave,"
“Would explain the thorns,” Sam murmured, “What is he?”
She sighed, he could hear her fiddling with papers before the phone was shifted about as if she were anxious about the conversation.
He hung up the phone, she called again but he hit the red button, getting up and collecting his stuff the man made his way out of the room and towards his office.
"I want you to have this," the man reached into his pocket and pulled out a golden trinket that shone bright in the light. The soft hum of a harp started to fill the area around them.
"Hey Chams,"
"What? Don't wanna marry into a family of Winchesters?"
"Why isn't he? I mean-- why hasn't war taken over Chamuel and just...killed everyone?"
"I'm not sure." He said this was something new. He was aware of the ever growing darkness, though it was a slow growth he heard others talking about it in hushed whispers around the hunting circles he was a part of. His eyes dancing from the woman back to the nurse who stood beside him, her eyes heavy with exhaustion. He was aware of the darkness turning people into a zombie like state but these people seemed to have themselves eaten from the inside out.
"Bad texture!" Donnie said,
"There's no way someone could have tripped and caused that sort of damage," She murmured to herself as her eyes ran over the woman's head. She looked down at the trails of blood that moved from the living room to the restroom.
"What?"
"You gotta roll them up," he said
The angel couldn't stop the tears once more, he was terrified and seeing the others face made his chest ache in a way he didn't think possible. Abel got to his feet the second the tears fell, placing a hand on the other's arm and guiding him to the bed.
"Always," Chamuel breathed out, the look the angel gave the brunette spoke a thousand words as he followed them out of the home.
Cain and Abel took a few steps back as the creature slammed its large, clawed fists to the ground. Sending a gust of wind that nearly knocked the men backwards. Letting loose another loud howl that seemed to make the house shake under their feet.
“What happened to the janitor,” Chamuel whispered, tears falling down his cheeks as he looked up to his friend. Their faces and clothes covered in blood, the school around them looked torn up. Every locker Chamuel had flown past had their doors yanked off of them and laying in a scattered mess along the floor.
"Thank you, Jester," Abel joked, stepping into the dark room. Glancing to and fro before racing into the room, staying low to the ground as he moved.
"So are a lotta people but they don't stab someone in the ear!" Danjal snapped, only for his anger to fade as Robin's crying became sobs.
"I mean, I don't either. But this has been...all week?" Bailey offered, Chamuel felt his heart drop to his stomach.
"He's a mutt," Convel snorted, causing Buster to growl.
"Abel, you haven't been...seeing a demon have you?" It was something Baal had silently been wondering. Whenever Abel was around now he would pick up a whiff or two of sulfur. Panic flashed in Abel's eyes at the question, Baal's heart sank.
"What?" Abel and Chamuel asked at the same time,
Baal felt eyes on him, not hers, but someone else's. He couldn't explain it as he shuffled uncomfortably in his seat, "look, you we're the new night guard. I assumed it'd be easier to get the paintin' on your shift opposed to anyone else's. I'm not some creep, I want to save this damn planet as much as the next guy,"
Abel could sense Sam had more to say but was holding back, eyes staring directly at the road as he spoke. "And if you're going to be-- ganking whatever this is, you might want to learn more about this car,"
"Anyways, when my brother an one of them wolves got into a bit of a stink and the two passed away well...my folks decided we wanted to reform...that the hunters who killed the two only saw a couple of monsters and my parents didn't want more hunters seein' monsters'. So they changed in hopes to...make it better, and now? Gosh I love humans too much to go back," She breathed, running her fingers through her hair.
“The strip club seems like your best option,” Arphaxat whispered, “If it’s a trap I’ll help you get out,”
"Stop! Both of you!" Ancitif shouted, making his way towards them his eyes wide. The dogs followed their master, snarling. Abel spit blood from his mouth, turning and holding up the canister of air.
Abel hesitated, the flowers, they looked familiar but he couldn't place where he'd seen them before. His mind flashed to the night before, feeling a tinge of pain in his heart he bowed his head. Arphaxat placed the flower crown over the others skull, pushing it down lightly causing a sharp stab of pain to flash through the hunter.
The snake seemed to fall then rise again each half gaining its own shape, almost seeming to grin at Abel both snakes took towards him at once.
"And this doesn't feel good?" Arphaxat gave the man a hurt look. It did feel good, but not in the way he always was told. With the goofy smiles, the butterflies, the Sparks. He didn't exactly feel that with the demon, though he felt something he couldn't figure out exactly what he was feeling as he watched the shapes dance before his vision.
"Yes, well, Robin here wanted to show me what it was like to ride a horse before we come and join in on the fun," He lied, running his fingers through the tight waves on his head.
"Yeah sorry, just...hurting,"
It meant his friend was happy! Which was something he found himself constantly trying to do for the other. Since day one he saw that depression that ate away at the man's inner thoughts, his brain constantly thinking, always making it hard for him to relax. The angel has made it his mission to bring the other joy whenever he could, however he could! Why? He wasn't so sure himself.
Abel gave the man a devilish grin, winking at the blonde before getting to his feet.
"That'd be great," Chamuel said, nodding at her. She gave him a small smile before her gaze returned to Abel, "I don't know exactly what's happening, but I can probably dig out more of my grandad's stuff," she shook her head, "I need to go see my mom first,"
"Oh shush! He's a jerk," she soothed, rubbing his head with the ice. Chamuel felt a jolt of discomfort at the touch but didn't want to be rude so he allowed it.
"In hell."
Both demons turned to him, “Where is he?”
"Now hold on," Chamuel started only for Mishka to put up a hand, "Oh no no, you can not sit here and tell me you guys tried to do jack! You came home and went to sleep, than you went to a fucking bar."
"But I'd rather die being tortured by Angels, attempting to save this shitty planet, than go back to working for nothing."
The voice pulled Sam from his thoughts as he glanced over to an older man, his dark skin seemed to shine with the sunlight, grey dotted the tight, short curls on his head. His voice held a calmness to it that Sam felt deep within his bones, something about him was familiar but he couldn't place it.
Eventually both men fell silent as the medicine did it's work, the two pulling out their phones as they settled down for bed. Ever so often Chamuel would come across a picture he found funny, showing it to the other causing Abel to do the same in return. Their laughter died into the early morning as they both fell into a comfortable sleep.
"Finally," Abel moaned as he pushed into the warm room, the motel rooms beds were small but the hunter didn't care. He collapsed on top of the bed with a huff, Chamuel followed behind him with their backpacks. Dropping them on the floor before following the other man's lead.
"Why don't we take the truck?" Sam asked, watching as Baal got onto the bike, accepting the hand sanitizer he was given. Sam silently hated the motorcycle, it always gave him a shot of anxiety. He trusted Baal, but the trust was rocky as his mind always went back to Ruby. Yet, what else could he do? He was pretty backed into a corner as it was.
"Oh! It's this,"
"Uriel?" Israfil whispered, but no one answered. He blinked a few times and listened hard but nothing came. Donnie walked back into the room a few seconds later, running his fingers through his short locks with a huff.
Below the message was another picture attached to the text, he heard Cain flipping through books behind him as he clicked on the attachment.
He started playing the guitar, a warm, loving tune. His eyes flashed to a glowing white, the lights flickered till they turned off. As he played the golden strings a picture formed before him, glowing bright in the darkness. It was him! A smaller, more cartoonish version of him, it looked as if a small child drew him in crayon that glowed bright in the darkness.
"I got it from here," Baal grunted out, smiling at Dean.
"Issy," he murmured, the angel glanced towards him. His smile bright, Donnie sighed, the man's smile sent a small river of warmth over his chest that broke apart the ever existing fear of what was to come.
"Yeah!" His brother said with a shaken voice, "We just know he's being followed."
Mishka went to reply but something stopped her, the sound of the bartender letting out a scream of pain. All three turned their heads towards the woman, the bald man with the cartoon tie was holding her by the neck. Smiling at everyone in the room,
“Well I have a family, I can’t just ditch! Besides, Bobby’s house is fortified and should have everything you need.” Sam clapped his hands together, scattering dust into the air.
Chamuel almost choked on his own spit at the other, Abel grinning wider as Chamuel laughed and punched the hunters arm playfully.
“Why should I?” Chamuel snarled, throwing a fist into the man's face causing him to flip comically in the air and collapsing onto the ground. Tears and blood smeared on his cheeks,
"Why not? What have you honestly done in your life that's worthy of you not getting praised?"
"Freeze!" He shouted, though he sounded out of breath.
"Donnie! Issy!" He shouted, hopping up and down a bit. Energy spiked through Donnie that he never felt before, an excitement that made his body buzz with joy. He threw open the door to the car and raced for his friend. He practically threw himself on Abel who laughed loudly as they collided to the ground.
"Why don't you just do that now?" Jegudiel asked, blinking rapidly a few times. Snapping the rubber band so it flew across the room, knocking into Bernard's head. Shooting an angry glare at Jegudiel who didn't seem to notice, and if he did, he didn't seem to care.
"What if the angels are wrong?" Cain blurted out, Mishka glanced at him with a tilt of her head.
She opened the door for him, holding it for a person behind them too which caused him to look at her with a puzzled expression but he didn't say anything as the pair made for the front of the register. A man sat behind the register with a frown on his tired face.
"I got you something, I missed your birthday so I wanted to get you something...nice," Abel tilted his head at this, grinning at the other.
She tugged at the cuffs angrily, as if she expected to break them. Growling with frustration as she yanked her arm violently a few times ignoring the pain that shot through her wrist.
"Everyone's gotta leave!" He shouted as people peaked their heads out of the doors.
"She's yelling at Baal in the parking lot, you're clear!"
Bailey snorted, putting her pen down and snatching up a yellow highlighter. She raced it over a few sentences on the largest book,
"Wait," Morris raced past them and into the home, Mavis handed their camera back and crossed her arms over her chest.
“Who?”
"...what? It's her mother," Abel let the camera go, Chamuel held onto it and continued to look at the still image with a puzzled expression.
He clawed his way towards Abel, grabbing the man and pulling him into his chest. With a few strong flaps of his wings he shot from the darkness of the lake, meeting the sky within heartbeats. Water beaded off his feathers, he landed seconds later in the snow. He laid the hunter down, war dwindled as he raced through his medical training. Silently thankful for the years of classes he took to gain his therapists license.
"A trophy! I wanted more but some asshole on motorcycle chased my minions away,"
Theo turned, signalling to his partner who nodded at him. The agent brought his attention back to Israfil and froze, the angel had vanished completely. Glancing down he went to his knees, picking up a single, long, yellow feather between his fingers.
Hands extended from under her, she stomped on them with her steel toed boots but it was no use as they wrapped around her legs. She screamed in rage and anger, shooting a few more times but to no avail.
"Now that I have your attention," he said, knocking a beer down to the floor. Mishka eyed the coffee on the counter beside the man, had they just missed him at the coffee shop?
"Damn, I'm sorry," Sam murmured, snapping open the can. It sprayed out, hitting the wall behind him. He gave the can an annoyed glare, rolling his eyes.
"Chamuel was cursing, I thought the world was gonna end!"
"Whatever you say," The man snorted, pulling the covers back and sliding into the bed beside the archer. Generally Robin would insist on not sleeping near Danjal despite the man offering it often, but tonight Robin looked far too tired to find a comfortable spot on the floor.
"So he'll need a weapon," Baal said with a shrug, "Just let him go, it aint gonna be hoppin' with demons."
"I'm sorry," Abel whispered, Chamuel shushed him lightly.
Israfil pulled the guitar around himself, brushing his fingers over the notes before playing one that sounded like the hum of a harp.
The two men slowly picked their way through the city and to their parking lot, both froze upon returning. The place was covered in police officers, Israfil immediately noticed Theo among them. His partner followed close behind, chatting with an officer as their car was being picked up with a tow truck.
"Alright I got it!" Breaker laughed out, as they set up the saddle. Robin knew if they let the vampire out there he'd be a goner. The archer had seen first hand what the darkness could do, what it was able to do. His heart stopped, across from them he spotted the werewolf leader. Her grin was thin, snake-like and standing beside her was a dark skinned man with a pair of broken sunglasses over his gaze. His face looked decently beaten in, with scratches and bruises covering his cheeks and forehead. Robin recognized him as Bohdi without even needing to take the picture out. He stood awkwardly, small beside the pack of angrily, chatty wolves. Where was Danjal? His eyes moved around quickly until he spotted Arrow, the animal grazed lazily on a patch of grass in his pen. Robin silently sent a thank you to the universe, his horse already had the saddle attached and ready for him.
"Sure! I'll show ya, probably best to do it now," She mused to herself, snatching up a small white bucket with supplies to groom the horses before the events of the day. She dropped the supplies beside Robin who leaned against the side of the wooden hutch, putting a hand on a long, metal pole stuck to the side where the horses would be tied up.
"Double the money, come on Chammy,"
“It’s true, he shows me your videos all the time,” Marshall laughed,
It was like a movie, with large beautiful fluffy clouds surrounding a bright, warm, moon. Stars painted every inch around them, twinkling in a milky way so close Abel felt he could feel them. Purple, and blue danced all around them as Chamuel's vivid wings turned the clouds to a brilliant gold in his heavenly light. Shimmering against the vast darkness of the night skies.
"I bring you back to life and you glare at me," Lucifer scoffed, sitting on the staircase that wound upwards into the large underground building. His 'I love NY' shirt was a little large on the man's thin frame, his blue jeans torn and ripped near the knees. He rushed his fingers through his shaggy hair as he got to his feet.
“Oh, so tragic!” He man replied, letting out a small breath, “Yes we’ve had a few this year, a lot more than last year,”
“A guy levitating things? Folks’ll probably assume its string or something,”
Bailey drove into a gas station, watching with narrowed eyes against the angry sun above as the creatures settled on top of the gas station's roof.
“It’s so itchy “
"Gamigin,"
"You are king of Kings," she corrected sweetly,
"Miss?"
"You really graduated highschool at thirteen?" She turned her attention to him, arching an eyebrow.
"Keep 'em from getting past us!" Baal roared out, his horns exploded from the top of his head. Pain broke through his skull but this was ignored, he couldn't use his heat without hurting her. So he needed to find a new way to beat them down, Grabbing one and throwing it into another. The monsters let out painful gasps as they collided together, scrambling back with a huff.
"So these rocks have...a lot of angel's power?" Bailey asked
"You got that right kid, now go," he snarled. Not waiting to see what the agents would say as he bound to the bike, Bailey stumbled after him.
“How about a movie reference!” Abel added,
Despite their worry the King of Kings was determined to continue onward,
A voice told her, the voice of an entity she was rapidly becoming familiar with as she followed the sound of his movements. Her spirit followed behind the footsteps of the holder's voice, he had a calm and loving voice that Dutch trusted with all her being. Slowly she faded away from the sounds all around her until she settled upon a party, the noises rolled through her. She could hear glasses clinking, she heard the loud hoot and holler of drunken patron, the beat of a drum. It wasn't a crazy party, she could feel that it was held by those in the upper class with the soft noise of wine glasses knocking together and a waiter taking someone's orders.
"You just need to worry about one of the five king's!"
"The blood of Judas, runs deep in your veins, Cain,"
“Whoa...man, what a weird coincidence,” Abel whispered to Chamuel, green eyes wide, the whites of his eyes bright red.
"I...knew I wasn't going to die," he murmured, "but I was afraid, that war would win, and...I'd never see you again,"
Israfil listened to the man for a few heartbeats until his eyes lit up with understanding, he gasped and threw himself on the other.
“Welcome!” A woman whispered as the two stepped inside, having to make a library card to get in the pair went straight to the back.
Abel glanced up at the man,
"Thanks I...I had a bit of a panic attack," He admitted, "I just needed to get outside. You know? Fresh air. I didn't think of the cold, and now I'm too anxious to go back,"
"Yeah Maverick, we're screwed,"
"Why are you two idiots high?" Sam asked with an angry flash in his gaze, "This isn't a game,"
"And my axe!" Donnie finished,
Triple shit
"Some people can't, some shouldn't have too," She whispered the last part as they walked. Her arms still wrapped around his, she was much shorter than him but something about her brought a strange comfort to the man. He'd never had someone hang on him like this aside from his mother, silently, he enjoyed it.
"So I just gotta drive?" Baal asked as Sam handed the demon King his controller.
"Don't you come out till I come back, protect Norma,"
Chamuel groaned, it made sense. It didn’t stop the burning in his core, it was odd, he couldn’t remember feeling so worked up before but something in him recently has been causing him to feel that anger far too often.
"Mom, me and Amaryllis have to run an errand. Will you be okay for a few hours?" Cain asked, making his way to the couch and leaning down against the back of it. Kissing the top of her head a few times causing her to laugh, grinning up at him.
Sometimes she wondered if he actually listened but she found him bringing up stories or small things she mentioned, which gave her a sense of being heard.
"That's my name don't wear it out," she yelled back, holding up her gun and shooting again. He raced towards her only for the bullet to land in the neck. He gagged painfully before falling to the floor, white light covered the man's skin around the wound as he struggled on the ground.
He continued to hold onto the other for a few seconds, taking in air before glancing up at Chamuel. Chamuel looked down at him before they both started to laugh. They laughed so hard they started to tear up, Chamuel held Abel tight and rested his head on the kings.
"No," Mammon said with a shrug, he looked to his friends who crouched down with him. The men were on him in a flash, holding the demon to the floor. Robin attempted to fight against them but found himself powerless to the bigger demons. Mammon pulled his hat off his head, placing it over the curls.
Baal glanced at her then back to his phone, he sat on the opposite side of Israfil. The angel could see the man playing his Pokemon game but he could see the hurt in the others gaze,
Abel scrambled backwards to avoid the teeth, using his bat to hit the monster again. The monster got on two feet and bored down on the hunter, Chamuel flew at the creature. His wings shone against the white snow as he landed a hard grace filled punch to its side.
"I was going to say special, but I did get this," Chamuel opened the drawer on the desk and pulled out a colorful paper.
The demon's shoulders slumped, turning on his heels and making his way back into the cold streets. Snow started to fall around him heavier now, he shivered as he pulled out his phone and started to text Danjal. Making his way back to the motel he had decided to settle at. The demon got to the bus station just in time for the final bus of the night, sitting down near the front. He must look like hell but he didn't care.
"I think you need to go talk to him," Bailey said, placing a hand on the other's shoulder. "Tell him...you're worried about him, apologize for the dumb ass thing you said, like, ten minutes ago and then tell him your feelings."
"If I don't and they find the Chamulet I'm sunk," She groaned, flopping dramatically on the bed. "Animals are so boring, except those little monkeys that yell. I'd own five of those if I had the chance,"
Chamuel looked at Abel in shock, he hadn't heard that before. The man pushed his hair up from over his face, nodding towards Chamuel.
"Okay, if I win everyone has to take a shot!" He yelled
Chamuel smiled, feeling his face flush lightly with embarrassment. He felt almost like a celebrity! “You can call me Cham!” He chuckled,
"You know them?" Abel asked, looking shocked. Mishka snorted and waved a hand in the air,
"Maybe later, if you accept my offer,"
Sam recognized the address almost immediately, "Oh, Micks place," Sam had said with a small smile.
The guitar glowed softly, Abel moved a hand over the strings that turned into a brilliant gold from his touch.
How his music taste had switched from heavy rock and metal to lighter, more happy stuff that Israfil loved, though Donnie still loved his metal he knew Israfil enjoyed singing to the happier songs which caused the wolfs tastes to shift ever so slightly. How he didn't work so hard all the time, in fact, he found himself leaving projects alone that he would have obsessed over for days to spend time with the angel. He found himself dancing, singing and acting goofy when he used to detest doing so. Trying so hard to come off as smart, as older than he was but something about Israfil made him change that.
He flipped open a message from Mavis next, "We got the cops to scram, cleaning up tomorrow. Thanks guys, you both rock!"
"It's my new cologne," Chamuel murmured, smiling at the others' words as he held him. Letting his head rest on the hunters.
Israfil smiled at this, his heart was beating so fast he swore that Donnie could hear it from where he laid. He bit his lip and shut his eyes, maybe he should be telling the other about these weird feelings that flooded him? Especially after Faith, it was as if a flood gate had opened or maybe he felt them all along?
The room was large, with books upon books lining the walls in an infinite library. A few bright lamps settled in every corner of the small room, the top of the room was made of glass that opened to the world outside. Sitting in the heart of the room, surrounded by books, paper and multiple markers was Sam. Ink covered the floor, lining the wood with sigils of all kinds that Mishka didn't recognize.
"Alright, I know you don't know me," she said, making her way to him and spraying down his hair with a squirt bottle. He flinched but didn't complain,
"Help him, do whatever he wants. Get Arphaxat to help."
Darkness swamped the Wolf's vision as his head knocked hard into the sides of the thick wooden benches.
"Oh! That's neat," Danjal chuckled as Fran rolled his finger the opposite way and allowed his necklace to drop to Danjal's chest.
Chamuel looked surprised, blinking at his friend who stood up with a stretch before settling down beside Donnie.
Abel continued to run, tears racing down his cheeks as he fought to keep away but he was rapidly growing tired. The loss of blood from the thorny crown was starting to get to him as he moved. The rabbit got farther and farther away but he continued to move, until he saw it! The opening! If he could get out maybe he'd survive, or at least have a fighting chance.
"Did you get her the flu shot?"
"Right, and I'm the president,"
"All of your arrows are now perfectly modified! Took me and Issy a day or two but I'm happy with it," He grinned bright at the demon who looked shocked at the gift,
“What the fuck are you?” Butch asked, his voice hardly a whisper as Baal leaned down and did the same to the shackles on his ankles.
"Oh, no. Amaryllis, you see," The man snarled, talking through his teeth at Cain, "You and me, we were meant to join souls. Become one soul, one soul so strong no one could stop it! Yet, you gave me no choice. I had to banish you to your forest,"
“Lucifer?”
"You're slow, let me help," the demon laughed out, "this is an angel blade," he slammed the sharp end of the angelic blade into the floor. It stuck up straight without movement,
"I know," He murmured,
"If...I try to hurt someone," he murmured, Israfil frowned now.
“Good luck, guys!” Iggy whispered as he and Marshall ducked into the crowd of people behind them. The principal's door stood tall and red, the color feeling angry as Chamuel went to knock only for Abel to grab the door knob and push inside.
"Yeah? I thought the two were already dating with how they keep sneaking out at night,"
"Don't worry about it," he said flatly.
"Wait, but.."
"Shit, must be teenagers," Donnie groaned, Israfil looked stunned from the kiss. His head dizzy as warmth flooded his body.
"Abel we might have a problem," Chamuel whispered, the man smacked Abel out of the way causing the hunter to crash into a small table with a lamp. Glass shattered against the floor. The taste of iron filled the hunters mouth as he scrambled to his feet, holding the bat out.
Chamuel sighed, shaking his head, “Abel...it’s okay,” he didn’t know what else to say, guilt burned through his skin. A child was dead because he didn’t stop Abel, “It’s just as much my fault,” He murmured, letting his head drop against Abel’s. Feeling the burning tears falling into the others hair. Abel knew at that moment, he needed to get serious. He needed to get serious quickly.
"Almost there," He shouted back, Sam watched as the tiny homes turned to tents. The tents covered people of all shapes and sizes, Sam felt pain in his heart. Why were they here?
Sam waved a hand at his Nephew, "Just get in, I don't have time for this,"
"Arph, I don't want to deal with this passive aggressive shit," Abel snapped, "I'm tired."
"Guess so, I've never experienced such power before though. The small exorcisms I figured out a few days before I met you but that? The anger, the power...I don't know,"
"I need you to meet our mother," Cain nearly demanded this, Abel could see something was wrong. His brother's face was contorted in a manner he'd never seen, his lip twitched and his eyes were wide as moons.
"Not everything deserves to live and some day it'll be your job to figure out who lives and who dies," the man said simply, helping his son aim towards the animal.
"Make me!"
Chamuel shuffled uncomfortably in his seat, he was on the end of the couch sitting beside Abel and Mishka who were rapidly flirting more and more as the night progressed. Cham wondered what Abel and her talked about on their phone, it never occurred to him what Abel was saying to other people. Not that it mattered, right? He was a friendly man, he seemed to talk with everyone. So why was Mishka suddenly making him more uncomfortable than when she flirted with him. The only time he recalled talking to Mishka since the incident at her house was telling her that he was gay and not interested in a text... a month ago? Time felt as if it was falling around him and he couldn't keep up.
"Take the pill," Bailey murmured, getting to her feet and kissing the top of the angel's head softly. Pressing her forehead to the angels in a form of comfort.
"Well, you can say that was a little unhinged," Abel shot Cain a grin who shoved him into the house with the head of the golf club playfully.
"Oh yeah! I just...you know, sometimes you need information but you're not sure who to go too and so you just ask around and hope that someone knows without demanding money or some kind of payment or...y-you know?"
The awkward silence continued. Sam couldn’t believe what Uriel said. Even if this was Dean’s son, how would he save the world? Train him? Was he even a hunter? Then Chamuel — how was he going to help? Sam shook his head, He looks like he’d jump at his own shadow at this point. He mused to himself as Chamuel fiddled with his own shirt.
"We gotta go," Israfil instead, he could feel anxious energy tingling in the bottoms of his feet as he watched the blonde.
"I picked my name, Abel just sounded close enough to Alice,"
Baal thought this over for a few seconds, he didn't have an answer for her. If the devil marked her there was a chance he would go to other lengths to get to the woman.
Abel's heart stopped, it was something he had been thinking about since he found out Chamuel hadn't been completely honest about the Chamulet.
"A girl," Bernard growled,
"Oh shit!" The angel gasped, holding up his video camera towards the wolf as Max came from behind with a small gun. The crows that stood beside the dark skinned angel let out a few soft caws as they lazily watched the other.
"Mishka," He whispered as tears threatened to fall, going down to grab his phone.
“Did their deaths seem...strange?”
"Do you...want to go get something to eat?" Mishka whispered,
Abel took in panicked breaths as he stared at the ground, his vision blurred. Clinging to the angel's arm as he slowly floated downward to the ground below. Chamuel groaned inwardly as blood raced down his back, he forced the wings out too quickly causing the skin to rip apart in the most uncomfortable and painful way he'd ever experienced. Abel also felt the sharp pains of the glass that had fallen on him, he didn't have time to think about it as his feet landed on the ground. He nearly collapsed into the concrete but forced himself to stay upright, sucking in air quickly.
"Oh! That's a clean six minutes!" The announcer whistled at this, a few handlers went out to check on the bull only to notice the dark marks in its flesh. They all shared a look but didn't say anything as the animal was taken to it's pen.
"Hey, Abe,"
Sam made his way towards his friend, head down, looking at his phone. A small fanny pack wrapped around the hunter's waist, Baal could see it was full from where he sat. Sam raced his fingers through his long hair with a frustrated glint on his features.
Abel let out a soft moan as his back hit the mattress, pulling Chamuel close as the angel let his hands run to Abel's hips. He pulled away from the others lips, Abel took in a few deep breaths as the Chamuel kissed at his neck.
“Volume,”
"So...I say we help him,"
"Yeah, but I was healed with angel Grace!" Donnie replied quickly.
“No, I’m an angel of love and war,”
She gasped as his thumb lit red from the hot fire, crumbling from the pain she screamed, her arm shook in his grip. She bit her lip, eyes screwing closed as she forced herself to stand still.
"How dare you!" She snapped, pulling out her phone. Cain frowned, he clicked his tongue and a rush of wind exploded past him.
"What did you expect?" Arphaxat's voice stirred in Abel's ear as if the demon whispered it from behind him.
The men watched as Chamuel fought the Jersey Devil mid air, the movements, the power. It sent a shiver through Baal as he watched War fight, the demon gripped the table he'd been leaning on with great force as he watched War rip the creature apart and toss it at Abel. Abel smacking it with a loud clunk with the baseball bat, the demon king sat on the floor. Attempting to steady himself, anxious energy flowing through his veins.
Pain flashed through his body as the Raccoon used its massive paw to smack the angel away from him, screaming as its paw touched the other. Chamuel’s body seemed to almost burn the monster, Abel mused. His eyes flooded with understanding as Cham collided with the wall, falling onto the ground in a huff. The Raccoon growled, making its way towards where the blonde had fallen.
“You’re also completely protected from people finding you now, at least, in theory!” He laughed, “Well, sorta! I need to do the same with your phones. If you come back to my place I can do that,” His eyes shone up at the two.
He sneered at her, clearing his throat and forcing out a bigger smile.
Bailey opened her jaw to reply before shutting it with an annoyed huff, "I guess," she murmured as she fiddled with the Adinkra. Sam relaxed at this, motioning for them to come down the stairs.
As they came to the end Cain paused, sitting on an old towel was a woman and her baby, the two stared up at him with a smile.
"Is there another way out of here?" Mishka asked, turning attention to the large, tawny skinned woman who helped them.
"I don't know exactly," Baal murmured, "I know that Abel and Cham stumbled onto one of these too. They're some sort of…"
"I shot it," Abel said, shrugging "Did...that do the job?"
"Something tells me you might have to put some pressure on that demon friend of his," Jegudiel laughed.
"Least we got light now,"
"Hey Sam,"
"How the hell do you think I'd ever say this?" He breathed, "Abel you know me better than this!" He was angry, but not at Abel.
"Let's fly, Goose," He laughed, shoving his friend.
“Whoa…” Abel breathed, his eyes wide as he held the box of salt in one hand and a broken bottle in another. The creature didn’t seem to care for the fancy show as it hacked a few times, racing claws over its now dark red eyes. It snarled, opening it jaw wide. A roar ripping from the depths of its throat as it leapt to attack the Angel,
"What happened?" Bailey whispered, giving Baal a terrified look.
"Well, you're what Faith called a 'LionHeart' an angel of intense power with a personality to boot! I knew it was you from the moment I met you." He laughed, "hundreds of years I waited for you to meet Abel. Faith said the LionHeart and the King will be like destiny upon meeting and when you fought those raccoons? I knew it was you two,"
"What the hell?" He shouted into the air.
"How'd you get it, Bill? The Adinkra." Bailey demanded. The man's frown deepened before letting out a low, raspy laugh.
"I was so young, yet I still remember Israfil's light. When those men came up to the church he didn't question us, He told me God had plans for me, that I shouldn't stop fighting for my family,"
He nodded, glancing up at the large moon and back to her. She was beautiful but something kept him back from wanting to flirt more with her. He wondered if it was Robin's odd behavior? He should ask Robin about it at some point.
Now he sat dazed and confused, staring blankly at his phone as he attempted to understand how two grown men vanished, not just normal men either. One saved the world and the other could break your neck in one swift movement. Shaking his head in frustration, letting loose a loud breath.
"Well I've seen them in person," The chubby child laughed, crumbling the paper in his hands before dropping it to the floor and stepping a dirty shoe over it.
Cain attempted to close the lighter but the flame was far too large as it reached higher and higher. Abel could see the teeth of the creature moving as its throat tightened from the intense heat.
The group whispered their agreement, Ancitif swallowed the last of the bubbling soda. His skink let out a soft grunt as it bit at the demon's ear, causing the man to offer his hand to the creature instead. The lizard bit down on Ancitif's skin, drawing blood but the demon didn't seem to care. Pushing his jacket sleeves up to prevent blood from staining the yellow hoodie. He felt Danjal's eyes on the healed marks that dotted the demon's veins in the middle of his arm.
"Nice shot," Mammon scoffed, the arrow beeped once before gas flowed from it. The werewolf yelped in shock, grabbing the arrow and trying to yank it out. Mammon coughed as bright purple fog came billowing out of the arrows head,
"I'm about to be kidnapped,"
"What!" Israfil squeaked, Chamuel looked at the other in shock. Abel hadn't mentioned his birthday was today, or even when it was.
“Abel you’ve been driving for twelve hours!”
The group had called an ambulance after they discovered the woman was still alive and kicking, Abel and Chamuel offered to stick around while they waited,
"I just, guess I'm hurt I was only a pawn,"
"I am exhausted," Donnie groaned, shivering softly despite the warm clothes that covered his frame.
"Alright, I think you both just need to come down to the station with us, hands behind your backs," Dagmar said with a roll of her eyes. Reaching to grab a pair of handcuffs from the side of her large belt.
"Cheryl,"
Chamuel clicked on the text message from Sam,
“As in, you’re born again through Christ?” Chamuel sounded a little shocked at the others' words, knowing Abel wasn’t a reader of the bible and didn’t show much interest in understanding it.
"Shut up,"
He took a step back, Jegudiel moved forward now. He grinned down at every creature below, his eyes moved from a large werewolf to a small, dark skinned man in a fancy suit.
Abel turned the screen on his phone on before pulling up his apps,
"Because," Donnie's shoulders dropped, he looked down at his feet as tears ran down his cheeks once more. Using his arm to brush away his tears, the angel's voice still sang in his head.
"I know what you're thinking, I won't try to kill you," Cain said with a returning grin, holding out his hand to Abel. Abel grabbed it, chuckling, "I'm gonna hold ya to that," He joked, letting the man's hand go.
"Oh I've been recording since the hot cowboy came out," Bailey snorted, pointing towards her sunglasses
"Fine," the man bit his lip, crossing arms over his chest. "Pork chop,"
"Least I wouldn't have to worry about anyone being at the funeral." He started, feeling anxiety pinch his skin as he started to playfully insult the other, "Even with a closed casket they could smell your BO!"
Danjal sighed, leaning down slightly so he could hoist the other into his arms. Making his way back to the car, Robin didn't seem to mind being carried as he started to calm down. Danjal got back into the bed of the truck, laying down and letting the man go. Robin sniffled, curling himself around the pillow. The notch in his ear still bled but Danjal didn't know what to do now as the smaller man turned away from him to sleep.
"Hey Mish, that's not fair," Donnie piped up carefully. Mishka's shoulders dropped, she nodded to her friend.
Sam frowned at this, he recalled his father mentioning black eyed children as a folk tale of some sort when he and Dean were younger but the memory was fuzzy.
"Do you want strawberry shortcake? You've mentioned this a few times,"
"I'll meetcha at the address you gave me later?" Booker asked Abel as another doctor started towards them, the older man seemed to be waiting to talk to Booker.
"A deadly scene, what happened here? On the night before Halloween there seemed to be a double murder," her thin lips pushed into a deep frown as she spoke.
"Instincts?" Sam laughed at this, leaning towards her more. She could smell his cologne, it sent a wave of warmth through her blood, "We got lost on the way here!"
***TW: Child death***
Abel glanced at Cain's small smart car, it had taken a turn into a large, very expensive looking apartment complex. The front gate beeped, opening wide for the two cars. The moon's light was starting to die as the eclipse started.
“Hey what?” Chamuel asked, the stars in the room had started to lose their glow. Chamuel could see a splash of color in the nighttime sky.
"Where are we?" Donnie asked, ignoring the teenagers as they chatted and laughed together.
“Me too,” Chamuel chuckled, leaning over to look at the screen of the laptop, “That was so clever, Abe!”
“Because you’re freezing,” Chamuel offered, giving a small smile as he stepped closer to the other. He towered over Abel but the smaller man didn’t seem worried about this. Not backing down, holding the baseball bat firm. Chamuel was convinced that one swing would be enough to kill his vessel and possibly any friendship they could obtain when working together.
The Adinkra shone bright, the little girl glanced down at it with wide eyes before looking back to them.
Sam wasn’t sure how to comfort the other, he hardly knew him after all, but part of the man understood the fear.
"If he doesn't comply, he will become a Winchester,"
"Floor it!" Bailey yelled out, adjusting her sunglasses.
With that the demon hung up the phone, dropping it to the floor and walking away from the fallen king. He whistled to himself as he went, a hop to his step as he vanished into nothingness.
The two men parked in front of the busy school, it was early morning. The sunlight blinded them as they stepped from the Impala. Teenagers moving in herds around the front of the school, laughing, chatting, doing homework. They all seemed to be at peace despite the fear Iggy had mentioned to the two last night.
The hunters made it back to the motel as the sun slid down into the trees below, painting the sky shades of orange and pink. The two entered the small room, chatting about nothing and everything as they started to put things together. Filling the cooler with bottled water, collecting their dirty clothes into a pile to take to the washing machine, packing up their new clothes as well as finding a spot in the car to put everything. Abel hammered nails into a few baseball bats he found at the store in case he needed a back up, Chamuel cleaned out Sam’s belongings from the car, putting them all in one bag so they wouldn’t lose the mans ipod, clothes, a set of keys and whatever else he assumed belong to the older hunter.
"You have a red string, it's connected to your Lionheart. Curious. Archangel Faith is definitely behind this," He whispered.
"You don't think….no," He laid back down but now this peaked Abel's curiosity, he sat up. Leaning over the blonde who's smile widened upon seeing his face,
"Stop it!" Donnie shoved himself between the two, pushing them away from each other.
"Arphaxat--"
"And I...kind of just decided I would tell him, yaknow?"
Spinning the pokestops that surrounded the church on his phone, his houndoom reacted positively with every spin making the demon smile.
"We're comin' for y'all tomorrow. We gotta secret weapon!" She snorted and giggled, nodding to her group they all scrambled onto their horses.
Tears rolled down Chamuel's cheeks as he watched them go, Israfil floated towards his friend. Sitting beside him,
The man dropped the bartender, she scrambled away sobbing as the ribbons coiled around Mishka like a snake. Her head hurt now as she remained upside down, but the look of determination didn't leave her gaze. The thin, sharp ribbons made soft hissing noises as they moved against her body.
"Norma's taking care of Alan for the next few days," Robin started as they made for the stairs, "I just need to grab my weapon and we can go. It's only a day's drive down to Texas."
"Yeah, that's me,"
Sam blinked a few times in surprise before stepping away from the door to allow the men to come inside his once humble home. The taller of the two gave Sam a quick glance before hiding his face. Something felt different about him, Sam noted. Unlike Uriel, who seemed calm, cool and collected, this angel seemed to be trying to make himself as small as possible in Sam’s presence. Shaking off the thought, the hunter shut the door behind them. Guiding the men towards the living room, a couch sat in the middle of the brightly lit room. Soft sunlight collected through the large bay windows of the suburban home, flooding the room with a warmth that resembled a hug. Uriel moved easily through the small sea of childrens toys that littered the carpet below.
Sam was on the floor, clenching the ground. Tears raced down his cheeks, Bailey could see a door behind him but couldn't make out what it said on the front. The same symbol that had been etched into his palm was now on the front of the large orange stone, she moved the mirror to look at Hahasiah and Dutch who also had doors behind them. Hahasiah's pink door stood tall against Dutch's purple one, she moved the mirror towards Dean who was standing on the opposite side of it all. She could hear him shouting something but couldn't seem to hear it, all she heard was the soft sound of breathing, the tick of the clock.
“I’m not exactly used to working and being around other people,” He admitted, Chamuel could see the red on his pale face, causing the few freckles that dotted his skin to stand out.
"No you can not," She barked, "I will have your job,"
"Israfil!" Paul shouted, Donnie's attention returned to the Angel. His instinct kicked in, leaping in front of the man to prevent his brother from getting closer. The red in his vision prevented him from understanding who Paul was, watching as the human put his hands up and took a few drops back.
"I think you were sleepwalking," Chamuel whispered, letting his fingers trace the man's jaw, causing the hunter's heart to skip in his chest a few times.
"I just..I know it's stupid," he whispered, hugging himself "but I always wanted a family...yaknow? It was the one part about being a girl I was okay with. I always dreamed I'd meet someone and be with them...you know, forever or...whatever," he bit his lip, trying to come up with the right words.
"You wanted a soulmate," She gasped, her voice sparked with mischief.
The game continued onward, the sun painting the sky brilliant colors of orange, red and yellow as if it were on fire like the feeling that burned deep in Chamuel's gut.
"Abel,"
Sam was pretty close to her now, she felt herself eyeing the man's lips.
"You can't escape! This is the end," The blonde sang out, "You'll never be with that stupid angel, never have a family,"
Israfil had to hold the irritation from his voice, "my werewolf friend?"
"Least I don't have hair like a clown," Theo snarled.
"Sorry am I...not great for the camera?"
"You're a saint, man," Abel murmured,
"I'm here," She whispered, "I'm not going to leave you, I love you," She whispered to him over and over. She glanced around her with pain in her eyes, a noose was broken on the floor, another gun with bullets scattered everywhere. Has he attempted to end it? Had it not worked? She shoved this to the back of her mind, thankful that he was here in her arms and not with his mother in hell.
"Alright, movie time while we eat?" Bailey asked, opening a box of pizza. Holding it out to Abel who snatched a piece,
"Here's another screen shot, again, though you'd want to see!"
"Drink your coke," she said, giving a small smile. The snakes on her head asleep as she moved, careful not to wake them.
The two made for the first building, it was smaller than the rest and didn't seem to have as many people working inside it. The sound of phones chirping, computer keys clicking and soft talking filled the small building, a woman at the front desk greeted the two with a smile.
“We know where he lives, and we need you to come with us, to convince him, to train him,”
"Uh no, I just thought of so--" His voice was cut off by the sound of a loud, eerie howling. Sam froze, his eyes moved to the stairs. His heart stopped, he recognized that noise but part of him wanted to ignore it.
After all, he was just a pawn. He wasn't meant to survive the war, he knew that now especially. Grabbing the cold.knob he felt the tears burn his eyes once more but blinked them away. He couldn't let the other see him like this, what would he even say?
The apology shocked the angel, he didn’t often see the man vulnerable
“Make a left,” The map app chimed,
“And if he’s anything like Dean, you could drink Demon’s blood and he’d still save you,”
She rubbed her wrist with fear in her gaze as she looked up at him, it vanished in seconds, turning to rage.
“W-What?”
"Something funny," Israfil yelled.
'Mishka. Protect her. I have to protect her.' He thought to himself, he wasn't sure why he felt the wild desire to keep her safe but he wouldn't let this "saint" place another hand on her.
He turned away from the other, clenching his fists as more tears raced down his cheeks.
He silently wondered if any of this woman would be left when the darkness finished it's meal, it would explain why he found himself unable to find any patient with the ability to free themselves of the sludge.
"Can you take care of my mom?"
"What?"
"So when I decided to help I didn't expect anything, I was...a little excited...to think I was going to meet my soulmate," He admitted, "But it's...probably just my brother," he continued to anxiously play with his hair in an attempt to soothe himself. She moved her hand from his shoulder and placed it over his own, her fingers moved over the ring.
“When you say ‘us’ do you mean…?”
"You can't escape! Try all you want, you'd need a miracle!" He shouted as Abel pulled himself out of the large sea of corpses. The moaning grew louder, the corpses started to clamber over one another to grab at him, moving like ants together in one motion towards the man.
Baal grunted, "depends," he whispered. "An angel can, well, under certain circumstances,"
“You can’t have my Chamulet,” Abel barked, causing the man to shrug and shake his head. Pulling the snow globe out from behind the desk the principal placed it down on the wood, stroking it lightly. Inside was a dark mass with large, angry red eyes. It bore a wide smile over it’s features as the two stared at it in horror.
"I'm sorry I'm not as good as him,"
"My name is Buck, short for Buckshot," He laughed, pulling away from Israfil. "It's been so long, I'm assuming you don't recognize me anymore,"
"Robin," Danjal whispered, Robin blinked away his thoughts before looking towards his friend. He quickly rushed to the man, using the tip of one of his arrows to break the blessed ropes that had been used to keep the other from moving. He paused, silently wondering how he had even been able to grab the ropes but he shoved this from his thoughts.
"Yes sir," The demon replied from the otherside of the phone, hanging up without a second thought, causing the devil to frown.
"I'm not fucking your pussy," Arphaxat said with a shrug, causing the hunter to wince.
Clearing his voice, Uriel nodded towards the blonde, “This is Chamuel,”
"Don't encourage him," Sam said from the spot he sat beside Baal, "I'm glad you asked," Baal's eyes lit up.
Cham chuckled, “It’s-- well it’s more like an extreme exorcism...”
"With the Winchester's soul gone we'll start picking the kings off one right after another. The more you kill, the more I'll pay you. The more powerful you'll get."
"Doctor, tell me, what is it?"
"Maybe I like smiling," she grinned, "maybe I just happen to think youre handsome,"
"Stupid ignorant fool!" Cherm laughed, "I am you!"
They got out, Abel grinned out across the car at Chamuel. A grin that Chamuel was quickly learning meant he was going to attempt at making a joke that would probably fall flat,
"What if it's not?" Sam had asked as they sat around a table eating pizza, Abel staring at the Twitter account as If his gaze could cause more people to see his tweet.
"I'll never hurt you like that," She whispered, feeling tears in her own eyes, his eyes were so broken she felt she'd never see them glow again.
"Oh, well, Israfil do you want to do the honors?" he nodded to the guitar on the angel's back, Israfil nodded and pulled his guitar forward. His eyes closed, the lights in the home flickered causing the group to look around in awe, the Adinkra glowed a vivid gold as he ran his fingers over the strings. They hummed into the air, the lights went out as the strings turned to gold under his skin.
"You're right," He said finally, sitting up with a sigh. He got to his feet and snatched his jeans from the floor, pulling them over his boxers.
She turned her attention to the door, "Stop" She shouted into the air out of pure frustration and suddenly it all went still. Mavis and Morris both looked at each other in horror, she turned to the door, grabbed the knob and it clicked open. Neither made another sound as they scrambled out of the room, closing and locking it behind them.
The angel blinked out of his thoughts, glancing up to Donnie who waved at him. Embarrassment flashed through him as he got to his feet, the group had split apart to join their partner.
“In my defense,” He shrugged at her, a large smile on his face, “I didn’t know he could do that. Or transfer his grace to someone else? That was crazy,”
“Yes”
“Come on Cham, you’re probably the coolester person I know, just sign the damn thing,”
She flipped her hair, pointing her nose to the sky.
A familiar voice broke the hunter from her scrolling, glancing up at the warm greeting.
Danjal had exhausted his few Elvis CD's through the drive, causing the demon beside him to switch to an Elvis podcast for the large man. Danjal wasn't used to driving, before the darkness he'd just imagined where he wanted to go and in a flash he'd be there! Sometimes he'd get distracted and end up in the wrong place but it wasn't often. Now? He had to drive, a small price to pay for the extra bump in power he felt.
"Yeah, I just need sleep," He whispered.
"What's that?" Norma asked, giving him her usual dead panned smile.
He pulled down another paper
"I don't! I'll eat about anything so long as it doesn't have mushrooms!"
"If you ever call her that again I'll rip you apart," she grabbed his hands and grinned.
"Before we start pickin' their hooves, ol Arrow's always trampling through the mud," She mused, grabbing his wrist and pulling him away from the horse stalls. He stumbled to follow her, standing only an inch or two shorter than the woman.
Memories flooded him as the sleep vanished from behind his eyes, Donnie had practically dropped him and Abel off and ran, he knew the hunter was incredibly paranoid someone or something would find and break into his home. Cham wasn't sure what exactly his friend had hidden away but it must be big if his first reaction was to run as quickly as possible.
The dark skinned man on the other side could see the immediate problem.
"You see!" The pastor shouted,
Chamuel felt guilt roll through his veins. Pushing the hunter away was better for Abel in the long run, right? If Chamuel ended up not actually having these feelings it'd kill Abel. Or would it just kill him?
"She's not a helpless flower, she salted the bitch! She recorded it! She's brave," he prodded Chamuel with a finger, his hair seemed to almost stand on end with anger.
"Doesn't look open," Chamuel whispered
The two hopped off the bike, Chamuel pulled the helmet off and grinned up at the large tree. It was beautiful, it was something he only ever saw in pictures and now it stood before him in all its glory. With lights flickering on every pine needle, the ornaments grinning down at the people who were scattered around it. Abel kicked snow off his boot, grabbing Chamuel's hand and pulling him towards the tree with a laugh. Chamuels eyes glowed bright, laughing as the other pulled him forward in the snow. The two men raced towards the tree, their gloved fingers intertwining as they stopped running. Standing in front of the tree, the streets had started to clear of other souls leaving them decently alone.
Bailey looked towards Baal who had gotten up and made his way over to them,
“That was badass!" Abel laughed, Chamuel blinked at him. Him? Badass? Chamuel laughed too, even though it hurt. He laughed.
"I think it's…" Eligos murmured to himself, coughing a few times as he typed in and the key let out a soft beep before turning red. He scratched his head and narrowed his eyes,
“Cham, where did you say you got this necklace again?”
“Aw hell, Marshall you look like shit,”
Chamuel fell silent once again, catching Abel's eye with a humorous grin.
"It's you!" Abel snarled
"Damn," He whispered, letting his fingers dance over the paperwork. Words, numbers and letters he could only make half sense swirled on all the pages. He felt as if he walked into the liar of an evil genius in an old movie.
"Well when you say it like that it sounds stupid" Abel pointed out,
"Robin got pissed and jealous at me, he packed up and moved and it was like you were suddenly a lost puppy."
The drive felt longer than usual to the angel, his mind felt busy as he attempted to understand what all just happened. The woman had tripped, but Chamuel didn't see anything that could have tripped her up. Sure Abel pushed her, but his push shouldn't have been that strong. She was far enough away from the table to have missed, and the amount of gore? It was as if someone slammed her head into the side of the table. Something didn't feel right, deep in his gut he knew something sinister had happened as they pulled up to Norma's house.
Laying on the floor next to the burn mark was Chamuel, his shirts completely torn apart but his wings had vanished. Feathers surrounded the angel as he laid still on the hard floor below.
"He's Abel's half brother," Sam blurted out, "I meant to tell you but...well I wanted to say it in person but...Baal was explaining,"
"Alright! Sounds good, what do you need to know?" Her voice was more pleasant now as she spoke, guard down. Good.
"It's okay, Chamuel I got you," Abel whispered, eyes wide with fear.
"What happened last night? Look, I'm just saying, if that guy put windex on me I'd probably kill him,"
"I work here," Booker snorted, "What? You thought you saw the last of me?"
"Donnie is always just...a little bit off with these wires," Fran said, pushing his hand into his pocket and pulling out a set of keys. They were large, with so many keys that Danjal couldn't understand how he hadn't heard them jingling earlier. The man revealed a tiny screwdriver in the bundle, Danjal watched in curiosity as Fran popped open a small square in the middle of the shell.
Danjal came up behind the other, watching as Robin shushed the terrified wolf. Running his hands over the fabric as if petting him, the wolf seemed to calm. Breathing heavily as it laid in a slump on the cold ground. Robin started to untangle the other, making sure not to directly touch the Wolf's fur as he tugged the mix of fabric and rope from the other until he could see his face.
"What if...I want a queen?" He murmured, "someone who's loving and warm like mother and...who will watch cartoons with me!"
"I hope you're all hungry," she sang
"This...was my destiny," Israfil whispered, "Faith, she told me I had one last thing I had to do before my mission was done,"
"Oh are we just going to keep throwing away my crowns? Those aren't easy to make, but I make them for you,"
"Uh... I'm not sure," He uttered, tugging out his phone and reading over the messages Abel had sent him. The pair had been texting non stop since last night, the man had plans to do a break in but seemed to be avoiding any of Robin's direct questions.
Cain pulled his phone out, though he didn't have any intention of giving the necklace back to Abel he needed to know more about it. Silently hoping Mishka wouldn't question him as the phone buzzed in his ear.
"Well, I've never heard of that," Laszlo laughed, "Ive heard that if one king dies, another will rise to replace them. But I'm not a hundred percent on that, and like I said earlier, some rumored there to be many kings. Kings to bring the world together."
Abel pulled out a few of their bags, placing them.on the ground. Mavis and Morris watched the two now with curious eyes,
There was silence between them for a few heartbeats before Mishka spoke up again.
Abel felt his phone going off, the group had been calling him nonstop and he ignored it. Something inside him begged to pick up the phone, he pulled the cell out to see Chamuel was calling. Anger rushed through his system,
"It better, or I'm getting fired for nothing," Bailey whispered.
"I've been talking to Dean,"
Robin didn't question the wolf, but he couldn't help but wonder if they'd actually work. After all, exploding arrows sounded like something out of a science fiction magazine!
Donnie frowned, he hadn't thought of it like that. Sure, he was an angel but Israfil was obviously very human as well.
Cain watched as Abel followed Baal out, Chamuel close behind them. Typing something into his phone, he glanced awkwardly around feeling discomfort at being in the group without his brother. Which was an odd feeling he couldn't seem to wrap his head around, did he care about Abel? Since he learned of the man's existence he only felt envy towards him yet, he found himself enjoying their time together even if it had been terrifying. Though he hated how Abel seemed to believe himself the smartest person in the room.
"Cain," Amaryllis whispered into the phone, causing the man to snap back into reality. He blinked a few times at their voice.
The other two shot eachother looks before diving at the man, Baal squared himself as one of the demons leapt at him. The human face twisting sickeningly as large fangs jetted from its lips. Sinking them in Baal’s shoulder, the man hissed in pain As he grabbed the demon, pulling it off with such strength Sam couldn’t help but gasp. Despite the pain sparked in his body, Baal tossed the creature away from him before turning on his heels to get the demon that had attempted to attack from behind.
Abel felt the fire closing in on them, tears fell as he ripped his leg out more from the large, sharp spike. The Adinkra glowed brighter, golden light covered his limb.
Bernard walked out of the room, stepping down on a large rock that was covered in symbols and letters of an unknown language. It stood high, looking down at the creatures below him. The rock underfoot felt warm to the touch, humming softly in the man's ear. Jegudiel followed this, turning to Uriel with a smile.
"I wasn't born yesterday, I know CGI when I see it." He retorted, holding up the video camera on his desk.
"Sorry, I uh,"
Abel sat back down on the seat next to Chamuel as he watched the two men whisper to one another, before turning to head outside.
"I'm Arphaxat," he said with a smoothness to his voice that reminded Abel of a long drink of beer. "This?" He lifted his arms as if to gesture to the forest around him,
Robin froze, turning to look back at Danjal. His eyes glittered like blue diamonds in the moon's light sending a rush through Danjal.
"Alright team!" Abel finally said, "Let's figure this stuff out,"
"Yeah uh, no, well...a little. She...attacked him,"
"Our king," Obizuth whispered as Cain walked past his lackies, every demon bowing to him as they moved. Turning to look at Amaryllis who was now on their knees as well in front of the doorway.  His shoes scuffed the strip of black carpet that raced from the entrance to a stairway that was settled past the throne.
"Someone has to do something," Baal said quickly before everyone's eyes turned to Israfil.
"Oh yeah, you think all demons are evil? Things aren’t so black and white, I like to hang out here when things get too much, yaknow what I mean?" He put his hands in his pockets as he spoke, smiling at Abel.
"Hey man, how's it hanging? White chocolate mocha please,"
"Well, honestly?" Israfil said, "it's because of Chamuel,"
"Does that mean Cain is one of five?"
“Never even heard of it,”
"Sorry, I just...me and Chamuel, we have to go to a meeting." Israfil said with a small smile.
"Why?" He took the lighter, flicking it open. A few buttons sat inside that he'd never seen before, pressing down on the red one and flicking the zippo before Donnie could answer him.
"Sometimes,"
"Whoa, look who woke up on the wrong side of the floor," Abel said with a small smile,
"All the time," He laughed, taking a drag from the cigarette, letting the smoke billow from his opened jaw.
"Me too," Mishka said, "Cain and me would be devastated if that happened,"
“I can’t believe people actually like what you named that thing,”
“Wait, so were you a man in heaven?” Abel sat up now, leaning against the steering wheel. His eyes wide as he watched the other, a spark of warmth flashed through Chamuel.
"Obizuth? Yeah, unfortunately,"
"But Abel!" Mishka gasped,
"I needed to make sure it worked!" He hissed
"I'm not worried about them,"
The sun fell fully now, Donnie's head moved wildly around from side to side but the other two demons had fled. Leaving himself and his family alone,
What felt like hours went by as Abel scoured the electronic newspapers on the computer, Chamuel glossing over the town history and events in the handful of books on the table. Both silent as they attempted to understand what was happening in the town, Abel was able to track the strange suicides past the point google gave them.
"Doing what?" He asked, his jaw still on the floor.
"Your perfect match, Cain, they speak of them. Blonde hair, blue eyes, an angel fit for a king. The ultimate king,"
Jegudiel hummed to himself as he walked through the large, empty looking building. His fuzzy pink slippers kicked dust from the floor below, sending a cascade of sulfur into the air.
Buck turned to look directly at his son, a small smile on his lips as he spoke. Deep voice seeming to echo around them in a comforting fashion,
Just as Hani shouted this Bailey shot, Hani's eyes turned white as he transferred what little grace he had into the woman. The bullet glowed in heaven's light as it whizzed towards the preacher.
"Amaryllis," Cain acknowledged, looking down at his mother who refused to let her son go. Humming softly to herself,
Without waiting for Israfil to reply Donnie ran forced and leapt into the grass, a shower of light exploded from under him and showered the air around the pair. Israfil gasped in shock, his eyes wide as moons as fireflies danced around his face. Turning his eyes to gold,
"Just call me Fran," he said with a smile, eyes glowing.
"I'm so going!" Donnie hopped up and down in excitement, "I just put a camera in my glasses. I can finally record a werewolf! I've been trying to get good footage of those suckers for years,"
"Hey, I'm sorry if I'm steppin' on your toes at all," She said to Robin, giving him a small smile. He glanced at her in surprise, moving his eyes back to the employee's who were collecting the horses now and returning the girl to her mother.
“Holy fucking hell,” Abel whispered to himself as the snake rose to stare at the two, I held no eyes yet Abel could tell it was looking directly at him before swinging its head in the direction of Mishka and her mother,
"Well help you find your friend! For a price,"
“I’m not sure, my father just... told me this is where I needed to be. So, I’m here, I guess."
"I'm not worried about that, he tends to live by the skin of his ass,"
"I was born in mine, I don't mind it anymore." His voice hardly a whisper.
"You can keep him," Sam and her laughed at this, the bell behind them let out a soft whistle as the wind continued to rush against it's old, golden frame.
"Tell me, Born Again, do you know anything about the Adinkra?"
It didn't feel exactly right, but it was a feeling. Something that wasn't Chamuel, Butch, saving the world. It was something he could escape with as Arphaxat rolled his tongue against Abel's.
“Great! We’ll be there soon, just don’t die!”
"What are you, a fortune cookie?"
"I've never had to deal with such an insufferable sense of loyalty, it's sickening how much he thinks about Chamuel."
"You thinking, what I'm thinking?" Abel asked
“Abel, if it means anything to you, I was ordered to protect you and keep you from dying, So maybe instead of accidentally shooting yourself in the face you get help from a professional,” Chamuel gestured to Sam, eyes narrowed in a challenging fashion. Abel put his hands up in a mocking fashion as if Cham had pulled a gun on him.
"Well, my aunt says everyone can stay here," Mishka said, smiling now at the thought of hanging out with everyone.
"Cool, chammy I need to sleep," Abel said, the second Chamuel stepped out of the room the door shut and locked behind him.
"Is Faiths Amulet, it's not just for opening secrets, it also--"
“Yeah, we got it. Where are you?”
"That's cause I have!" Israfil couldn't remember the last time he had such a close relationship with another soul. He had been alone, in hiding, for so long it felt nice to be cared for. He also wasn't used to smelling terrible as he accepted the clothes.
"It's called, Asase ye duru. Meaning, The Earth had no weight,"
“Don’t do it, kid,” Dean murmured, dread flooding his body as he watched his son pop the drug into his mouth. Dean watched in horror as the puddle slowly dried up a half an inch. Castiel placed a hand on his chosen one's shoulder.
"What're..you doing?"
"Duh, did you not know he was a Lionheart?" She asked, gesturing to Sam who looked from her to Bailey.
Baal shook his head, "no, I'm going into town."
"Riding horses, huh?"
"After you!" Sam said, gesturing to the steps
"Ten am," he replies
"Cham, I gotta tell you. If I fucking eat it here, I need you to know. I've regretted not telling you since I almost drown,"
"What does that mean?" He murmured, eying the deck of cards beside the crystal ball. Fran sat back in the small chair he was in, letting out a low sigh.
“Whoa,”
Now they made their way down the sidewalk towards Cain's car, each step was agony but the smile on his face was something he wasn't used to wearing.
The game continued onward, and for the first time in a while the angel felt pure joy, he didn't fully understand the game but the glow in Abel's eyes was all he needed to know.
"Beasts?" Danjal asked, tilting his head.
"What do you want?" He asked her.
"Good movie, Ripleys hot,"
"Do you know a Butch?" He asked, pulling his phone out and showing the picture that Sam had sent to him. Arching an eyebrow at the demon, She tilted her head before nodding slowly.
Chamuel and Abel shared a look, “Don’t they always have that?”
"So this is the building Baal broke Sam out of," Jegudiel mused, his smile not breaking as he glanced towards Bernard.
"It's gorgeous, huh?" Arphoaxat asked, grinning wildly at the man.
"Hey, who says the universe is in control?" Sam whispered, "Maybe...you can find your own soulmate,"
“Let’s go then,” Abel said with a nod, taking the last few sips of his drink as he turned the car on and pulled from the parking lot.
"Hey!" He shouted towards the creatures whose attention turned to him. He held up Bailey's arm, showing the mark. She squeaked in pain from the sudden movement but didn't fight it as the Pishacha's charged towards the pair.
Chamuel Kissed him over and over, enjoying the feelings that shot through his bones as he pressed his tongue against the other's soft lips. The king let out a soft gasp, opening his mouth as they kissed. Chamuel felt warmth racing from his chest to his groin as he rolled his tongue against Abel's, every part of his being screaming to get closer as he pulled himself on top of his King.
"Oh! You came!" A voice boomed, the two turned to look at the man that stood in front of the altar. His Geneva gown stark white with purple cloth around it. A cross of pure gold etched into the middle of the purple, his smile wide as he made his way slowly towards the two.
Sam scrolled through their twitter, playing the video Abel had just sent to him. Asking him to edit and post almost an hour ago now, Sam was getting good at chopping the videos apart and putting them together, silently the man was proud of his editing and computer skills he was rapidly learning with the help of the demon king.
"Singers salt"
Another shot, a coyote screamed as it collapsed, Chamuel felt a hand on his shirt yanking him to the floor.
"I feel like a lot happened that I missed," Danjal chuckled to himself nervously. Putting his hands on the others hips sending a spark through Robin making him shuffle uncomfortably. His face continued to burn as they followed Gretchen.
"Erm, who...are you?" Chamuel asked, confusion on his features.
"Abel, I love you, I'd never pretend." Arphaxat whispered, leaning forward and pressing the red 'end call' button on the screen.
He said to Chamuel, the angel grabbed the handle and yanked hard. The entire door ripped from the hinges, he tossed it to the floor. An older looking man with dark skin laid on the floor, Abel knelled down to help him up.
The memory made Abel smile, he felt a warmth spread through his veins. Opening his eyes his necklace glowed bright in the darkness, covering his gloved hands in it's soft light. Cain looked at him in shock as a cold wind whipped his hair around. Using his newfound strength he pulled hard, Cain scrambled upwards and collapsed beside his brother.
"Dad! My switchblade, it's in my back pocket! Get it out,"
Cain had spent the day with her, preparing to tell her about Abel and bring him to her. She took him to the mall dragging him by the hand everywhere and anywhere. They spent the day going from one shop to another, buying whatever it was the woman felt like getting. Though Cain knew she'd probably forget she got some of these things he bought them anyway. The joy in her eyes was all he cared about.
"Erasing the film!" Donnie yapped back.
"Torture him," Mammon hissed to his friends, nodding at Robin. One of the men grabbed him and Robin reacted, it was the perfect opportunity.
Sam read through the texts, "Are you talking about Alien?"
"Did he die after giving it to you?" Danjal asked, shocked by the other's words.
"Maybe there are many of them? It's not like the sewer is a tourist attraction," Donnie pointed out, laughing at the thought.
A sudden burst of pain rolled through Sam's skull, Bernard slammed at full force into the Lionheart. The pair collided into a few manikin and collapsed to the floor, the saint dug sharp talons into the man's chest. Pain hot as fire rolled, he was rapidly losing his ability to breath. His mind was hazy from the electricity that had rolled itself through his body, the pain suddenly vanished as Bernard was tossed off the Lionheart. Sam sat up and scrambled to his feet. Bailey stood with her gun glowing vivid gold, her eyes shimmered with rage as she held the gun at Bernard. The demon gagged, holding his chest. Deep blue blood dripped to the floor as he pulled himself up with the help of a broken manikin.
"Erm, they're...magic Sigils," Sam whispered, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly.
"Nothing," Abel grunted, "I think people died and those kids just wanted something cool to post on their YouTube,"
“Chamuel, I think we found the Hemlock we were looking for,”
"Anyone who works with me is now considered a traitor," he murmured.
"I mean, it's late,"
The once light brown wood had been dyed a deep brownish red, silver spikes as sharp as knives stood out against the top of the bat. They shimmered dangerously in the musty light of the kitchen, Chamuel also looked shocked as Abel slowly took the bat from Sam. He could see salt had been rubbed deep into the wood.
He typed out, Dean stared at him with wide eyes.
“How” Sam breathed,
"I don't know, I thought it'd look cool, did it work?"
"Don't please," Bodhi shouted, he dropped the phone and it clacked to the floor loudly, "I love him, please just take me! Please!"
Abel looked at the other in stunned silence, waiting to hear the man proclaim it as a joke but that never happened.
Abel grinned wide at this, "a demon king gonna teach me to fight? Wouldn't have it any other way, Chams, you coming?"
'you're not man enough for him, he always stonewall's. He doesn't love you.'
"I'll call an ambulance," Bailey replied, yanking out her phone.
"Your first turn is when your body gets used to the whole-- wolf thing, but if you taste human blood it'll basically make the wolf part of you ramp up to uncontrollable levels. Than you can't really stop,"
"I'm trying to talk to my brother," He admitted, feeling his face heat up.
"I don't...think so," Fritz said, "at least I've never done it before."
"Show off," Donnie laughed.
"My car!" Morris cried out,
He hung up on her, she looked at the phone bewildered.
Chamuel watched the man climb up the steps, picking a random room and ducking inside. He hadn't even gone into their shared room which made the angel's heart sink even more.
Chamuel only steps from him as he raced through the kitchen, the building shuddered and shook violently. Abel nearly fell but Cham grabbed him in time, the child screamed loudly. The crying became even more ear shattering as the pair continued moving through the large apartment. Abel couldn't help but wonder where the parents were but shoved this thought to the back of his mind.
"Hey Hahasiah!" Bailey chuckled, Chamuel froze looking at the woman in shock.
"You think he can protect you? King of Humanity? You know, Bailey," Jegudiel snarled out, his smile not dying from his face as he stopped only inches in front of them. The large ball of chilling water continued to float above him. Sam's orange electricity sparked against the tiled floor, hungrily sparking towards the angel and Mishka who fought against the man. It was then that Sam noticed Jegudiel's second set of arms, he held Mishka with three hands, the fingers were sharp and turning to a deep, dark green.
“I’ll tell ya’ Don, it’s tough but I think I make it look good,” Abel laughed,
The demon looked at Abel in shock, placing a hand dramatically over his own heart. "What? I never said such a thing,"
"Wake up," Chamuel said a few times, waving a hand in front of his king's face. Abel blinked a few times, the memory crawled to the back of his mind.
Abel and Chamuel shared a glance before Cham sighed, "listen guys--"
“Abel? What did I save you from?”
The room had been turned pitch black, with curtains drawn and lights all shut off. All around them were small, droplets of glowing light. The lights sprayed everywhere, from the floor to the ceiling all in different colors, sizes and shapes.
"They..they're not always right, we can get another one or maybe go to a doctor who.."
Mishka entered his mind, she was all he thought about nowadays. Especially without the constant pressure in the back of his head from Cherm. He and Bab's started to explore again, he never felt hungry, or thirsty. Though he was often tired, he felt pain though and the pain in his feet was starting to grow. Pausing when his eyes spotted something shining in the neverending water. He sloshed forward, Bab's ears twitched as she watched him from the safety of his arms. He pushed his hand into the dirty water where the shine was the brightest, tugging out the metal golf club. He blinked in shock at it, attached to the clubs was a tarot card. It was tied on with a brilliant golden ribbon.
"Winchester?"
it was a mouth.
"It's Hemlock," Booker snorted, "Pretty fresh too! Just smelling it can make you sick,"
Did he...think he was still asleep? He watched as Abel tore at the sheets below him, "I just want to talk to Cham," his voice sounded desperate. Chamuel felt war fall away from him.
"Abe?"
"Im one of many lesser angels, we have these tasks to just-- watch over people. Yaknow? We don't have any big names, we hardly have any cool swords, powers, whatever. Well, there aren't many angels of love so I felt a little special. But one day God came to me, he said he had a plan for me. He took me from the families I was assigned to watch," Chamuel stopped, racing fingers through his hair. His head throbbing as he spoke but the look of curiosity on Abel's face made him continue.
"I-I can't get my ring off," He hollered back to the other, Bailey looked as if she was struggling, light from the Adinkra around her neck rolled up her warm skin. The possessed humans on the other side screamed as they threw themselves against the plastic, sending waves of black blood against the front and smearing on the floor below.
"Yes! But I'm not suppose to,"
He replied, “He’s been chosen to be an archAngel,”
"Fran I--" He opened his eyes but Fran was gone, in fact the entire room was gone. He sat in a small, dirty old box with a few blankets scattered about. The smell of the trash beside the cardboard could be smelled now.
"Awesome! We can't wait to meet you, Issy!" Paul laughed, Israfil felt a buzz in his chest. Excitement pumping into his veins, the need to dance and sing rolled through his body.
"Why, Israfil? Why are you going to help me?"
"We might," Chamuel interrupted as he played back the footage on the camera.
He turned his head to look at the balding man behind him, Bernard's eyes glittered like an animal in the darkness. They were alone in front of the ranch, only a few paces from one another. Red dusty dirt kicked up into the soft rush of wind as Cherm took a few steps towards the other, bringing the saint's scent into his open jaw. The sharp tang of sulfur burned into his lips, he grinned widely at the other.
The Werewolves yapped and howled into the night, Jasira giggled to herself. Unaware of the darkness that flowed through her veins, evolving, leaning at a rapid pace. The woman would soon lose all control, and she wasn't even aware of the deep sickness within her bones.
Donnie drove down the highway, Chamuel was passed out beside him. Completely asleep now, the hunter knew the angel would be out for a while if he let him sleep. Glancing at Abel in the back who was also passed out, shaking his head. Something had happened, something he missed, but he couldn’t focus on that.
"The mirror!" He said it was sitting inside someone's apartment that was completely engulfed in flame. He charged at it, the Adinkra hummed into the world as he shut his eyes. Praying this would work. The heat suddenly stopped, he was running on solid ground. His eyes flashed open, he was in the mirror. Chamuel panting beside him as they looked around them. The fire was still present and burning but it wasn't hot to the touch, no noise came to them as they glanced around.
"When I first got this vessel his mother, Faith, gave him an archery set before she passed,"
"Got it!" Donnie shouted,
He vanished from view as the kids dragged him down a flight of hidden stairs behind the cross. Their laughter filled the room before it went silent. Bailey turned on her heels and made for Hani who looked at her with hope glittering in his gaze.
"Don't you go up there," The officer barked, putting a hand on his taser as he took a few steps forward. Bailey snorted out a soft laugh, glancing at Sam with a grin. With everything they'd fought this didn't bother them, he returned her grin as they giggled their way back up the steps. Sam felt like a teenager again as the jumped onto the edge,
Dean held the Adkinra up, winking at Sam, "It's uh, man I don't remember what he called it? But some angel gave it to me, said I can see you."
Pain flooded over him as the other pressed weight down on Robin's skull, tears running down the archer's face. Mammon pulled his foot off, grabbing Robin again and smashing him into the tree so hard it shook. His hands around Robin's throat, squeezing tight causing the archer to gag for air. Hot pain flooded his throat, his lungs screaming for a breath as he struggled.
"If you guys aren't going to do anything useful than leave," Cain growled, "he's already in shock, I don't want him to pass out now leave!"
"Oh you're gay, of course," Bailey grumbled to herself, causing Baal to shoot her a surprised look.
“The person is basically picked because of their bloodline, they have to be linked to specific people in their family tree kind of deal,” He waved a hand in the air in a dramatic fashion, “I mean, it’s not as simple as it sounds but basically I didn’t really get to pick. But honestly? I like this body,”
"Yeah...it's perfect," He whispered, feeling a deep sadness in his bones. She squealed and leapt a few times in the air, spitting into her palm before holding her hand towards the other with a grin.
"Cas I don't care about the other angels," Dean leapt to his feet, anger flashed in his features. "You act like you don't even care! How long have you even known about Abel?"
"Sucking some serious dick, huh?" Abel's eyes glittered with mischief causing Chamuel to shake his head,
Abel nodded, following quickly as the two ran forward.
"Oh! We have a new team member?" Norma asked with a bright grin, placing her hand over her chest and leaning against Baal.
Sam paused, blinking a few times at her before shrugging, "Uh, the underworlds? you might be on your own with that one," He laughed.
"Hey man, we ganked it," He typed out, giving a short description of what had happened before attaching a few more of the pictures he had taken of the creature as well as the video he transferred to his phone.
Chamuel laughed, rubbing the back of his neck, "they're all covered in blood and sludge,"
Abel got to his feet slowly, his back sparked in pain. Maybe sleeping on the floor was a bad idea, he mused to himself as he hunted for a shirt, pulling an old band shirt from his bag,
"Is that a..." Abel breathed,
Bailey eyed the man on the poster until they moved to the amulet around his neck, her heart stopped. She pointed to it, grabbing Baal by the arm. He didn't need her to say anything as he followed the woman's gaze.
"I wish someone would assign me one," Sam chuckled, "I wouldn't have to keep questioning my marriage,"
“What's that?” Chamuel asked, attempting to break the silence. He couldn’t wrap his head around the fact Abel was acting so...Abel? He acted as if their argument never happened,
"What about the rest of the players?" Abel arched an eyebrow
“We need to go help her,” Abel replied simply, handing the phone back he went over to a backpack that was settled beside the couch. Dumping out the contents onto the table,
"Turn it off!" Abel shouted as the hot fires reached higher and higher.
"So what are they?"
The confusion in Cain's thoughts got worse as he stumbled backwards.
"Hey," Chamuel murmured back. Abel walked over to the other and sat down. There was silence for a few seconds as they looked down at the floor,
Israfil sat with his legs crossed, guitar wrapped around his frame. Despite the pounding headache he was excited to help the group, Cain's leg bouncing beside him which brought a bit of distraction but Israfil forced himself to listen to the king. Picking absentmindedly at his fingernails.
"Don't you ever fucking touch him again," Bailey hissed, holding up the gun but she didn't act fast enough. The man's body shuttered, as she shot he leapt with great speed. Large owl wings exploded from his back, he let loose a loud screech of rage. Bailey gasped in horror but quickly gained her composure, she held up the gun and shot. He flew out of its way, landed to the floor in front of her with a loud slam.
"But...I need to call my brother, I need to ask him," he groaned, holding his stomach as blood rolled down his lips.
"Yeah that thrift store sweat vest you're wearing was a real deal," Abel soothed, Sam and Butch raced towards the men. Both men holding their guns forward as they approached
"What do you mean?" Abel asked, turning more towards her, "I thought he was just part of my mom's side,"
"I'll find you Sugar," She whispered to the man, making her way towards the man cave.
"Issy, I can say the same about you." He whispered.
"Cham it was a fucking accident," He practically yelled, shaking as a panic attack swamped over his vision. His mind clouded over, a deep buzzing in the back of his skull wracked his body. He felt as if he wasn't touching the ground as he clung onto the other.
"Hey gang," everyone stopped, looking towards the demon king.
"I thought we were stopping by the hotel first," Chamuel felt confusion burning into his system causing Abel to look around confused too.
"You uh," The silence was driving the doctor crazy, he had butterflies as he attempted to find the right words to speak. "Listen to podcasts?" The question sounded stupid to the doctors ears but Chamuel visibly lit up,
"Will you be at the rodeo?" Danjal asked as he slid off the horse, the woman grinned wide at him and nodded.
"Sam! Can you hear me?"
"I will risk my life for the King and his Lionheart, who's with me?" She turned towards the group, everyone shouted in agreement. Bailey smiled, catching Baals eye who glowed with pride.
"No mom, I-- need to confess something to you," She sighed, knowing she had to include everything that was happening. She could no longer hide it.
Baal tore through the building with Sam, he had taken to carrying the man bridal style despite his protests. Baal's boots hit hard against the building's floors, demons tore after the two as they ran. Their bodies distorted, turning black against the skin of their hosts. Baal’s eyes narrowed in concentration as he recalled the maze he had to run through back when he would come to the building with Lucifer. On the outside, it was a simple building on a dock with a few other warehouses. On the inside it was huge, with a second floor that housed the hunter but the rest of it? There were hundreds of floors that ran all the way down, deep into the ground. Why was it here? Baal wasn’t at a high enough pay grade to be told but he knew it wasn’t anything good.
She laughed loudly, the darkness swirled around her legs as she was hoisted into the air. The thick blackness surrounded her, protecting her with its mass. Her hair whipped back and forth in the ice wind. Lightning flashed behind the woman, turning her blue eyes to yellow.
"You, me, Cham and Baal need to go see your friend about this prophecy,"
"You want to swing this time?" Cain asked, holding out the club.
"Then why would I call you anything else?"
"Abel!" Israfil hollered, everyone's eyes went to the hunter. Cain leapt up, immediately fussing over the man's wrapped up arm. Donnie practically shoved himself against Abel, hugging him tight causing the hunter to gasp in pain.
"We lost time," he held up the phone, they had got to the farm decently early around ten am only for it to hit three pm.
"Shut up," Chamuel waved a hand in the other's direction with a snort, as if trying to wipe the shit eating grin on the hunters face.
"I am," he shouted, this set off a chain reaction.
"Where are we going?" Abel asked, his words continued to slur and the world around him seemed to swim and move. The blonde stopped him right by the crossroads, pressing his forehead to Abel's with a smile.
"Trust me,"
"What do you mean?"
"Think she'll give Alan back?" Abel murmured to his boyfriend who chuckled,
"Sounds good," Abel replied, grabbing the club just as the image of Iggy appeared before them. His neck broken, his mouth opened in a scream. It caused a flash of guilt to rush over Abel but he brought the club down with a hard thunk.
The wolf turned on Chamuel, biting down on the angel's wings causing him to scream in pain. Blood splattered to the white snow,
"I know I know," He said with a reassuring smile, "We are going to save Cain! I promise, we just need to do this now or we might not get too."
"Yeah uh, something happened here…" Sam whispered, his voice broke lightly.
"And here is where...Brian O'Connor passed away," Morris said with a half hearted voice, Abel watched the man with a puzzled expression as Chamuel held the large camera over his shoulder. He felt like a movie star with the large camera following behind him and an obvious fake act coming from Morris who was doing his best not to look to Chamuel.
Robin sniffled, wrapping his arms around the large man and burying his face into the other's chest. Danjal blinked in surprise before wrapping his arms around the other. Allowing Robin to cry against him,
"Okay Okay, calm down, okay"
“This movie...so good,” Chamuel said, his head in the clouds as he watched
"So what! Obizuth just came to me and dragged me to do this, I don't even want to. I had to call back the dogs before they mauled these two idiot FBI agents with a super soaker!"
"No!" He shouted, but Donnie was already on his two feet. Snarling loudly as the police got ready to fire.
"No time!" He shouted back, leaping onto the bike without a second though. He shoved his keys into the ignition but the way the handcuffs sat on him made it hard to move his large arms.
Abel swung the door opened to the drivers end, climbing up into it with a laugh. Excitement had rested in the man's green gaze, the idea of doing something semi normal was exciting to him. He knew well that an hour wasn’t going to cut it but figured that’d be a road he’ll cross when it comes down to it, besides, Cham didn’t seem as if he had a lot of fight in him. A few back and forths and Abel would probably come out on top! The brunette pushed the key into the slot, gripping onto the thin leather wheel as he turned the key. The truck let out a growl before falling quiet again,
The possessed bull turned its head towards the king, silence followed this. It was as if the world was taking a breath, the sun cast its harsh light against them sending shadows to the wall as the bull and the horse started to circle one another.
"But how? You were trapped with me!" Sam gasped out, eyes wide with shock.
"Take it down,"
"You killed my son's," she hissed out, more or the innocent followed her, surrounding the dying man.
“We’re still going to go and look around, but we’re going to try and avoid him.” Chamuel added.
"Ah shut up,"
"You're just beating them?" Sam asked from the phone, Baal had the phone set on a table in front of the two demons. The face camera on, neither of the twins would look towards the camera.
"My king, you have really--" she stopped, staring at Mishka. Her voice coming out in an angry whisper, "she is not the blue eyed, blonde angel,"
"Not unless he's the child of the Flash," Bailey replied with a shake her head the two didn't utter another word as they made for the van.
"Sorry," He murmured, "We will save Cain, somehow…" He whispered, "I'd die for my brother and I should have gone to him when he needed me,"
"Do you think your Mom and Dad will like me?" Israfil asked as the two tossed their suitcases into the back of the van, tilting his head to the side like a confused puppy.
His mind flashed to sitting with Sam in a restaurant, the man laughing at something he said. Grinning at Abel, "You gotta be my favorite Nephew," causing Abel to laugh and smile big at his uncle. Holding up a beer, the two clinked their drinks together.
There it was now, in all it's dark glory. The woman stood now in the darkness of the night sky, the moon but a claw slice in the clouds above. It's light shines broken below. If only he hadn't landed on Earth. If he hadn't trusted her, possessed a human body. It was too late now.
"When we can just use his soul to our advantage,"
“I’m here for him,” Baal shouted, pointing to Sam,
"Well, my grandad was the one who had the picture originally. It looks like it was taken with an old camera from a book...or maybe a scroll?" Mishka responded, leaning back in the chair she had seated herself on.
"Dead should stay dead," Paul agreed. Donnie snarled at him, attempting to fight back the urge to attack.
"Alright, if that's what you want," Cain shot her an evil grin, causing her to return it,
"I'm not a child," Abel snarled at him but followed the other out. His hands clenched empty air as if he were uncomfortable.
"You've successfully turned the darkness to wine," She grinned.
"You're blonde, aintcha?"
"Donnie," Paul said, eyes sorrowful, "come the full moon tonight, you won't be human anymore."
The power went out, Abel glanced up at the ceiling with an arched eyebrow before looking down at his phone. The wifi was also out, dropping the call with Sam.
"I am Baal, first demon king of Hell, and I am here, bowing to you, to show my respect and hope you will accept me as your tool to save this place."
Dean's eyes turned misty as he smiled at Abel from the inside of the large mirror. Abel reached forward, his hands trembled as his fingers pressed into the cold glass. Placing it against Dean's, though the mirror was cold as ice, the spot where the older hunters' hands pressed into was warm. Tears rolled down Abel's cheeks, he had never seen Dean outside of pictures and now that he looked at him he loved him more than he could express.
"Mishka, we're leaving," He shouted out, Mishka leapt from her spot but Cain was already opening the door to find her. He felt tears burning his eyes, he felt more confused and hurt than he ever had in his life. His mother didn't often hit him, but when it happened it was the only time he ever felt the need to really cry.
"It's okay, it doesn't matter right now," She whispered, getting to her feet. He followed her, holding one of her hands tight as she moved.
Iggy held open his arms in a dramatic fashion,
"That's fine, talk later,"
She started to sob to herself, trembling as she did so. He hesitated before placing a hand on her shoulder, a shock wave through him as she pushed herself onto his lap and buried her face into his chest. His heart pounded against his ribs turning his chest to a warmth that couldn't match the hottest of fires.
Abel blinked in shock, Chamuels face turned a darker shade of red, “Oh yeah, we’re a little shy about it,” Abel laughed, running with it scratching at his tattoo in a nervous fashion.
“Yeah! I almost named myself Maverick!”
Abel paused, glancing up at the other with a curious look.
"Elvish,"
“Of course he doesn’t,” A voice barked,
"That's my boy, Cas," Dean said with an angry glint in his gaze, "I gotta do something. That demon's gonna have him wrapped around his stupid finger if he keeps feeding him bullshit."
“Winchester!” It screeched into the air, its booming voice almost deafening the hunter as he stared up at it.
“Right? I was wondering why you guys weren’t doing that! Or using your followers to help you,”
"Excuse me,"
"Go find doctor Mason," the brunette said, not replying to the woman. She nodded at him, her blonde curls bouncing as she turned and left the room.
"Cham, give me your phone," Sam whispered, Chamuel didn't argue as he pulled out the device and handed it over. Sam turned on one of the playlists he knew Abel especially enjoyed before driving away from the apartment complex.
"Alright, remember, we just want to talk to him. Maybe bring him back here, for all we know he just got spooked and ran."
"Over here," She called sweetly to the two, as they followed her around the back of the car they both looked at her confused. None of the tires were flat, in fact, they looked pretty new.
The man pulled his claws out of Cain, sending a splatter of blood into the air.
"You were going to kill everyone...because you don't even know what's happening, you just want it gone,"
"Yes. I've found a way into Abel's inner circle, soon, I'll take my rightful place as king," Cain said with pride flooding his voice, grabbing the handle to the driver's side of his car. Amaryllis' smile took up the whole of their face at the others words, they didn't reply as they ducked into the car.
The two men moved halfheartedly through the sewer, pulling up a map of the large maze on Donnie's phone but it went so slow underground they decided to just keep moving. It had been a few hours now since the monster attacked and the men had decided to stop, sitting below a manhole on the edge of a concrete slab.
"Bad luck," Baal chuckled, Sam shook his head. Picking up a rag that sat on the coffee table and moving over to the wall beside the large flat screen television. He raced the rag a few times over the wall to get rid of the beer only for it to shutter under his touch.
A few booths with bright red padding laid against the far wall past the bartop, a few pool tables settled in the center of the room and past that an old bathroom. There was an employee only door a few ticks past the restrooms, it's red door stood out against the dark, yellow tinted walls. The smell of smoke filled the air, it was the last bar in New York to allow smoking inside and was famous for it.
The voice called to him, the hunter was back in the clearing. His eyes opened to the starless skies above, the dark forest looked ominously over him like a monster poised and ready to strike. The woman's voice tapered out as he got to his feet, holding his bat in one hand as he did so.
They opened the doors and slid in, Abel and Chamuel both looked at one another before laughing again. Chamuel watched Abel laugh, watched the way his eyes smiled, and suddenly he knew. As they sat in the car, soaking wet, covered in dirt and scrapped up arms. He knew.
"I'm not sure," Baal murmured, "Keep your eyes open for a Lionheart of magic,"
"Cham, I gotta tell you, I--" He started but the angel shook his head, cutting him off.
"Why would Chamuel blow a gasket?" Cain questioned.
"The power is growing, that's for sure, but Angels...their grace is going to start becoming...sick, they'll start getting more mortal as the darkness grows in strength."
"Are you supposed to be doing that?" Cain asked as he got closer, the man smiled down at him and hopped from the table.
Hani shook his head, "I'm not sure, I didn't get a chance to see him. I've been here the past few months,"
Baal pushed Butch into the well, Abel couldn't help but snort as he watched the man he once called his friend vanish into the darkness. The demon followed suit, his large body took a few seconds to fit inside before he too vanished. Chamuel followed, Abel felt a thorn in his heart as Cain walked up to Chamuel.
Abel laughed at the terrible swing, walking towards the Angel with a lopsided grin.
The sound of the water brought his broken heart comfort, he decided within that moment he wouldn't try again. Wouldn't push, it was fruitless and he just wanted to be with the other even if it meant watching him fall in love with Cain, or someone else.
